 prologue february 16 , 2004 new orleans eric swallowed the last of his beer and then set the empty bottle on the sidewalk . 
 not my fault there is n't a trash can nearby , he thought , ignoring the glare the tour guide gave him . 
 the brunette off to his right did n't seem to mind . 
 she smiled at him in a way that made him glad he 'd blown off his buddies to take this stupid haunted tour . '' 
 ... in front of us is the lalaurie house , '' the guide went on , gesturing to the big gray structure on the corner of royal street `` this is reputedly one of the most haunted places in the french quarter . 
 here , in the mid-eighteen hundreds , an untold number of slaves were tortured and murdered by dr. louis lalaurie and his wife , delphine ... '' eric sidled closer to the hot brunette , who did n't seem to be paying any more attention to the guide than he was . 
 she was thin , the way he liked 'em , and though her tits were n't big , she had great legs and a nice ass . 
 her face was pretty , too , now that he noticed . 
 `` hey . 
 i 'm eric . 
 's your name ? '' 
 he asked , fighting back his slur . 
 smile . 
 look interested . 
 `` where are your friends ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she had an accent that sounded french , and it was a weird question . 
 but she smiled when she said it , her eyes raking over him in a way that woke his c ** k up . 
 `` they 're at pat o'brien 's , '' eric said , with a vague wave . 
 the guide was glaring at him more pointedly now , going on about the lalaurie 's medical experiments on their slaves and other weird , gross shit he did n't want to listen to . 
 `` you wan na grab a drink ? '' 
 the brunette came closer , until she was right next to him and her ni ** les practically brushed his chest . 
 `` i 'm in the mood for more than a drink . 
 are n't you ? '' 
 oh yeah . 
 he had definite liftoff in his pants . 
 `` baby , like you would n't believe . '' 
 eric glanced around to find a few people staring at him . 
 okay , he 'd said that a little loud . 
 `` i 've got a room at the dauphine , '' he tried again , softer . 
 `` we could go there - '' `` my place is closer , '' she interrupted him , taking his hand . 
 firm grip , too . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 she led him down the street , weaving past people and throwing those f ** k-me smiles over her shoulder at him every so often . 
 eric was excited . 
 he 'd been here three days and had n't gotten laid yet . 
 it was about time he got some strange on this trip . 
 the girl took him down an alley , walking just as quickly as before , even though he had a hard time seeing where they were going . 
 he tripped on something-a bottle , probably-but she just tugged on his arm at the same moment , keeping him upright . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` nice reflexes . '' 
 she muttered something he did n't understand , and not just because he was drunk . 
 `` is that french ? '' 
 eric asked . 
 her dark hair swung as she glanced back at him . 
 `` oui . 
 yes . '' 
 `` cool . '' 
 she led him up a fire escape at the end of the alley , opened an unlocked door at the landing , and propelled him inside . 
 the lights were off , wherever they were , but this must be her place . 
 she locked it behind him and then her smile grew wider . 
 `` i am going to eat you , '' she said in a sexy , accented purr that made him even harder . 
 eric grabbed her , squeezing that beautiful ass while he kissed her . 
 she opened her mouth , letting his tongue explore inside while he ground himself against her . 
 rubber 's in my back pocket , eric reminded himself . 
 a chick this easy might have something . 
 she put her arms around his neck , holding on to him like she was desperate for it . 
 eric fumbled with the front of his pants . 
 right here , right now worked for him , too . 
 he 'd gotten his pants unzipped and his hands up her short skirt , when she clamped down on his tongue with her teeth . 
 and yanked her head back . 
 eric screamed , staring in horror at the blood around her mouth when she smiled at him again . 
 his tongue throbbed like it was on fire . 
 `` crazy bitch , '' he tried to say , but it came out sounding like '' ` aaazy ` itch . '' 
 blood was still pouring from his tongue , and when he felt the tip of it ... there was n't one anymore . 
 `` you f ** king whore ! '' 
 eric spat , not caring if she understood the garbled words or not . 
 his fist came up-and then he was falling end over end , until he reached the bottom with a thud that made his head feel like it had split . 
 for a stunned second , eric lay there . 
 stairs , it occurred to him . 
 bitch pushed me down a flight of stairs . 
 he felt the first stirrings of fear mixing with his anger . 
 a light flicked on in the room and eric jerked , blinking for a minute at the brightness before the images focused . 
 there was a tall , thin man standing over a mannequin . 
 he looked like he was assembling it , since its leg was on the ground next to the man and its arm was in two pieces farther away . 
 then the mannequin 's head turned . 
 its eyes blinked , mouth opened ... eric screamed , trying to scramble to his feet , but a scalding pain in his leg prevented him . 
 the tall man ignored eric 's screams and frantic attempts to back away as he gave an inquiring glance up the stairs . 
 `` mon amour , i was getting worried . '' 
 the girl appeared at the top of the stairs . 
 `` why ? 
 no one knows we 're here . '' 
 eric managed to stand . 
 agony shot up his leg even though he had most of his weight on the other one . 
 `` do n't either of you f ** kin ' touch me , '' he gasped , looking around for something , anything , to use to fight them off . 
 the girl smiled as she came down the stairs . 
 with his blood still around her mouth , it looked more like a hideous leer . 
 `` touch you ? 
 mon cher , i already told you-i am going to eat you . '' 
 chapter 1 bones did n't spare a glance around as he strode rapidly up the streets of the french quarter . 
 scents assailed him ; countless perfumes , body odor from all manners of hygiene , food cooking-or rotting in the trash . 
 centuries of decadence had given the quarter a unique , permanent stench no vampire could completely ignore . 
 a close second to the cacophony of scents was sound . 
 music , laughter , shouts , and conversations compounded into a constant white noise . 
 as he rounded a corner , bones wondered again why marie had summoned him . 
 he did n't have to come ; he was n't under her line , so he owed her no loyalty . 
 but when the queen of new orleans called , bones answered . 
 for starters , he respected marie . 
 and he reckoned his head would n't enjoy sitting atop his shoulders much longer if he snubbed her . 
 though chances were , what marie wanted would involve bones killing someone . 
 he had just rounded another corner when instinct told him he was being watched . 
 he jerked to the side-and felt searing pain slam into his back in the next instant . 
 bones whirled , knocking people over to dart into the nearest door . 
 with his back safely to a wall and the only entrance in clear view , bones looked down at his chest . 
 an arrow protruded , its broad head hooked on three sides where it had punched through his chest . 
 the shaft was still sticking out of his back . 
 he touched the bloodied tip and swore . 
 silver . 
 two inches lower and it would have gone through his heart , ending his life the permanent way . 
 `` hey , buddy , '' someone called out . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` capital , '' bones bit off . 
 he looked around and realized he 'd stumbled into a bar . 
 the patrons were goggling at his chest . 
 he paused long enough to pull the arrow out of his chest before ducking out the door , moving at a speed that would have been only a blur to the onlookers at the bar . 
 he was n't concerned with them , however . 
 his attention was focused on finding whoever had fired that custom-made arrow . 
 from the angle it skewered him , it had been fired from above . 
 one vertical jump had him on the bar 's roof , crouching again while his gaze scanned the nearby structures . 
 nothing . 
 bones ran along the tops of the buildings for two blocks , until he felt certain that he was standing where the shooter had been . 
 there was a faint , residual energy in the air that confirmed what bones already suspected : whoever fired that arrow was n't human . 
 he took another moment to survey the rooftops , but there was no one to be seen . 
 he or she was fast ; it had been less than a minute from shot fired to bones standing where the would-be killer had crouched . 
 no amateur , this . 
 and whoever this was had been alerted quickly to bones 's presence in the quarter . 
 he 'd arrived only last night . 
 bones gave a mental shrug as he jumped down to the street , warier now to stay within clusters of people , but not forgoing his appointment . 
 he 'd already died once . 
 it tended to take the edge off fearing it afterward . 
 bones waited outside the wrought-iron gate of st. louiscemetery # 1 . 
 his back was to a post , and he 'd been eyeing the rooftops , ready to spring at the slightest hint of movement . 
 ghosts bathed the cemetery and its surrounding streets like spectral cobwebs . 
 bones ignored them , though they could to be as noisy and bothersome as the tourists . 
 new orleans quarter was the last place for anyone to rest in peace , be it the living , or the dead . 
 it was n't five minutes before a gigantic man walked toward him . 
 his aura announced him as a ghoul , though he looked nothing like hollywood 's interpretation of one . 
 no , he had smooth brown skin , a bald head , and a barrel-like chest , the very picture of health and vitality . 
 except his walk , which had a noticeable awkwardness that was at odds with the normal , graceful gait of the undead . 
 `` bones , '' the man greeted him . 
 it had been decades , but bones remembered his name . 
 `` jelani . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i am here to see majestic , at her request . '' 
 jelani swept out a hand . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 moonlight glowed off jelani 's black gloves , their shape too perfect and too stiff . 
 prosthetics . 
 both his legs below the knees were missing , too . 
 bones did n't know how jelani had lost his arms and legs , but he knew it had happened before jelani became a ghoul . 
 the only thing that did n't grow back after being cut off from a vampire or a ghoul was his head . 
 but what he did n't know was why they were moving away from the cemetery , instead of inside its gates . 
 `` you 're not lost , are you , mate ? '' 
 bones asked with cool geniality . 
 he 'd had meetings with marie before , and they were only ever held in the cemetery 's underbelly , right below where her empty grave was . 
 marie laveau had nothing if not a sense of irony . 
 jelani half turned , but did n't slow his stilted pace . 
 `` if you fear to follow me , then by all means , walk away . '' 
 a snort escaped bones as he stopped . 
 `` trying to shame me into stupidity ? 
 not bloody likely . 
 half an hour ago , someone made a very credible attempt to kill me , and now you want me to meet majestic somewhere aside from her normal place . 
 tell me why , or i will walk away , and then you can explain to her why you felt it beneath you to prevent that . '' 
 jelani paused , his face still in profile . 
 `` majestic is not here . 
 she bid me to speak in her stead . '' 
 bones 's brows rose . 
 marie was notorious for handling requests , threats , or punishments herself , but she 'd sent her lackey jelani to meet with him ? 
 it made him even more curious to discover what this was about . 
 `` right , then , '' bones said . 
 `` after you . '' 
 jelani led him to lafitte 's blacksmith house , the oldest bar in the quarter . 
 bones ordered a whiskey , neat . 
 the ghoul did n't order anything . 
 his gaze kept flickering around , either waiting for something , or from nerves . 
 bones moved his hand to rest almost casually near his pockets . 
 he had several silver knives lining his trousers and sleeves , in case of vampiric trouble , though nothing but decapitation would kill a ghoul . 
 `` marie , '' bones prodded him . 
 `` majestic , '' jelani corrected at once . 
 bones resisted the urge to roll his eyes . 
 the formalities are over , so do pry the stick out of your arse . 
 instead he said , `` what does she want from me ? '' 
 jelani reached in his jacket . 
 his movement was slowed by his stiff , plastic hands , so bones did n't feel the caution he normally would have at the gesture . 
 then jelani pulled out a manila envelope . 
 bones took it , slipped the photos out discreetly , taking only a moment to flick his gaze over them and the pages underneath . 
 then he slid them back in their envelope and gave a hard , flat stare to the man opposite him . 
 `` what makes you think they 're even still alive ? 
 there 's been hardly a whisper about the pair of them for half a century . '' 
 jelani 's eyes were dark brown , almost the same color as bones 's , and his stare was equally hard . 
 `` they are alive , and they are in the city . '' 
 `` because of some blood and bits of body parts found in an apartment ? '' 
 bones asked dismissively . 
 `` any human could be responsible for the same . '' 
 `` it 's them . '' 
 jelani 's tone was emphatic . 
 `` they 're repeating what they did forty years ago . 
 majestic was overseas then , too , and they came here just before mardi gras . 
 by ash wednesday , fifteen people had disappeared . 
 now once again , the queen is away , and they 've returned . '' 
 bones considered him . 
 either jelani was a very good liar or he believed what he was saying . 
 that did n't make it true , however . 
 `` i need more proof than missing tourists during marie 's absence . 
 why did n't i hear that they returned to new orleans back then , as you claim ? 
 it 's not like such news would n't have made the rounds , mate . '' 
 jelani was also careful not to say their names . 
 `` i smelled them both times , '' he replied , not bothering to correct bones calling her marie again . 
 `` majestic wants you to handle this quietly . 
 once it 's done , she will take the credit for their punishment , so it will not seem that she 's twice let murderers hunting in her city escape during her absence . '' 
 bones tapped his chin . 
 it would n't be an easy job . 
 the lalauries were infamous in both human and undead history . 
 louis was rumored to be around four hundred years old , and a powerful ghoul . 
 delphine was not quite two hundred , but what she lacked in louis 's age , she made up for in viciousness . 
 `` one hundred thousand pounds , '' bones said . 
 it was a steep enough price that marie would n't feel she owed him a favor , but low enough that she 'd also know it was a friend 's rate . 
 in truth , he might have done the job for nothing . 
 the lalauries were as nasty a pair as some of the other sods bones had shriveled for free . 
 jelani did n't even blink . 
 `` if you finish the job by ash wednesday , the money is yours . '' 
 that gave him just over a week . 
 bones finished his whiskey . 
 no time to dawdle , then . 
 `` you 'll give me full run of the city , '' he said , setting his glass down . 
 `` and you 'll stay out of my way unless directed . 
 do we have an accord ? '' 
 jelani gave him a thin smile . 
 `` we do . '' 
 chapter 2 the townhouse smelled of death , blood , urine , and random police officers , in that order . 
 bones grunted as he knelt next to one of the reddish-brown stains on the floor . 
 `` with the stench from all the different coppers in here , i 'm amazed you could even decipher the lalauries ' scent . '' 
 jelani stayed at the top of the stairs , not venturing down to the first floor . 
 `` they were n't only down there . 
 they slept in the bed up here '' - jelani pointed to a room down the hall - `` and sat on the couch here '' - with a stiff finger at what bones supposed was the family room . 
 bones inhaled deeply , making a mental catalog of the scents . 
 then he leaped up the stairs in one bound , noticing jelani 's inadvertent flinch as he watched . 
 right . 
 no need to remind the fellow of what he could n't do anymore . 
 `` the bed and the sofa , you say ? '' 
 bones asked , changing to walk with the slowness he used when around humans . 
 the sofa faced the telly , with a view out the balcony to the left of it . 
 bones went over to it and inhaled again , noting the differences-and the similarities-from the smells downstairs . 
 `` the owner of the flat . 
 the girl . 
 has her body been found elsewhere ? '' 
 jelani gave him a slight smile . 
 `` what makes you think this was n't the boy 's place ? '' 
 bones shot jelani an annoyed look . 
 `` there 's a feminine scent all over this flat . 
 this was n't where the boy lived , though it 's mostly his blood on the first floor . '' 
 `` there 's a picture of the girl in her bedroom . '' 
 jelani 's voice was neutral , as if they were discussing the weather . 
 `` she 's beautiful . 
 i imagine she 's still alive . 
 for now . '' 
 bones stared at jelani . 
 all his instincts told him that the ghoul was hiding something . 
 bones wondered if he 'd known the girl . 
 jelani was acting as if none of this affected him , but his scent was of fear ... and hatred . 
 if he 'd been emotionally attached to the flat 's owner , that would make sense . 
 or he could just be frightened of what would happen if bones was unable to kill the lalauries by the time marie returned . 
 since marie had left him in charge , it would be considered jelani 's failure as well . 
 `` you 've never told me how you know delphine and louis 's scent to recognize it , '' bones stated . 
 something flashed across jelani 's face before it became smooth as dark glass again . 
 `` i was married in the eighteen sixties , '' jelani replied . 
 `` she was a slave in the st. francisville house , which happened to be where the lalauries fled after they left the quarter . 
 while i was fighting in the union army , delphine and louis tortured and ate my wife . 
 i arrived too late to save her , but i 'll never forget their scent . '' 
 bones did n't blink . 
 `` your arms and legs ? '' 
 `` amputated after the battle of newmarketheights . 
 they told me it was a miracle i survived at all . 
 majestic changed me afterward , at my request . 
 i wanted to live long enough to one day see the lalauries die . '' 
 jelani 's expression was pure defiance now , as if he expected bones to berate him for changing into a ghoul solely for revenge . 
 `` i was turned into a vampire against my will , '' bones replied evenly . 
 `` brassed me off for a good long while , then i got over it . 
 ca n't change how we ended up as we are , so why bother fretting over it ? 
 if you 're looking for judgment , look elsewhere . '' 
 jelani seemed surprised . 
 `` i had n't heard that about you , '' he murmured . 
 bones let out a short laugh . 
 `` why would you ? 
 it 's not the sort of tale to be bandying about , is it ? '' 
 `` do n't you hate your sire for that ? '' 
 i did . 
 for years , bones had hated ian for turning him into a vampire . 
 but ian had n't done it to be malicious-he 'd done it out of a twisted sort of gratitude . 
 if not for bones sharing his meager food , ian would have died on that long voyage from london to the new south wales penal colonies , where they first met as prisoners . 
 but bones was n't about to share that with jelani . 
 no need to air those particulars to a ghoul he barely knew . 
 `` i do n't hate him anymore , '' was all bones said . 
 `` you have a house in the city , '' jelani noted , changing the subject . 
 `` will you be staying there ? '' 
 bones shrugged . 
 `` not after tonight . 
 you can ring my cell , if you need me . 
 i 'll send word when it 's finished . '' 
 jelani smiled , and it was cold . 
 `` do n't underestimate them . 
 delphine took the boy during an evening walking tour of the quarter . 
 he was seen leaving with a dark-haired girl right after the tour had stopped at her former mansion . '' 
 has a sick sense of humor , does she ? 
 bones thought sardonically . 
 their old home was about the last place he 'd expect to find the lalauries hunting , but it told bones quite a bit . 
 they were arrogant , which was good . 
 arrogance and a sense of invincibility were two large points in his favor toward killing them . 
 `` how many ghouls and vampires live in the city ? '' 
 bones asked . 
 jelani mulled it for a moment . 
 `` year round , a few hundred . 
 at mardi gras , that number doubles , easily . 
 humans are n't the only ones to enjoy the city 's festival . '' 
 bugger . 
 which was why it was an ideal time of year for the lalauries to hunt , of course . 
 the abundance of people , alive and undead , made them blend that much more into a crowd . 
 of course , it would make bones blend , too . 
 he felt confident he could catch them . 
 what he was n't certain about , was how many people they might kill before he did . 
 `` i 'll ring you when it 's finished , '' bones repeated to jelani , and walked out of the blood-soaked townhouse . 
 chapter 3 the afternoon sun glinted off the countless beads people wore around their necks . 
 the streets were n't completely clogged yet . 
 more people would venture out once it got dark . 
 it amused bones that a vampire could be about at this time of day , yet some humans let their excesses from the night before trap them in bed until dusk . 
 bones 's only concession to being out in daylight was to wear shades and sunscreen . 
 he would n't burst into flames if the sun touched his bare skin , as the movies so comically claimed . 
 still , an hour in the sun for a vampire was akin to all day at the beach for an albino . 
 he 'd heal almost instantly , but there was no sense using his strength over something as trivial as a sunburn . 
 he 'd already walked the length of the quarter and back , noting the differences since the last time he 'd been here-three years ago ? 
 no , it was four , because he 'd celebrated the new millennium here . 
 blimey , the years were blinking by . 
 it had been well over a decade since he 'd set foot in london . 
 once i kill the lalauries and finish tracking down hennessey and the other miserable blokes he 's involved with , i 'm going home , bones decided . 
 it 's been too long . 
 i 'm even sounding more like a yank than an englishman these days . 
 only a couple blocks down was the lalauries ' old house . 
 even in daylight , there were shadows shifting around it . 
 residual ghosts . 
 any sentient spooks who 'd died there stayed away from the place , not that bones blamed them . 
 at night , the house positively crawled with old , despairing energy from its gruesome past . 
 it was no accident that the house had changed hands so many times over the past hundred and seventy years . 
 it was now empty and for sale again as well . 
 humans might not be able to see the residual manifestations , but they could sense them , on some deep level . 
 and delphine lalaurie , at least , seemed drawn to the house as well . 
 why else would she pluck one of her victims right in front of it during a tour ? 
 was the irony just amusing to her ? 
 or did she still , after all this time , miss her old home ? 
 was that why the lalauries kept returning to the quarter , despite the danger of marie 's wrath ? 
 bones came closer to the house . 
 the strong smell of chemicals wafted to him from a store to his right . 
 salon , he diagnosed , then glanced at his reflection . 
 his hair had been brown for quite some time . 
 since someone was obviously hunting him , it would n't hurt to alter his appearance . 
 he entered the parlor , not surprised to find a few people waiting . 
 every business in the quarter enjoyed a boost from mardi gras , except perhaps church services . 
 he put his name on the list , took a seat , and waited . 
 forty minutes later , he was brought back by the hairdresser . 
 `` hi there , what 'll it be ? '' 
 she asked in a friendly way . 
 `` color , trim , and wash , if you please , '' bones replied . 
 `` you english have the loveliest accents . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` makes everything you say sound so proper . '' 
 after she washed his hair , she led him to her cubicle . 
 bones read her name on her beautician 's certificate and gave a snort of amusement . 
 `` rebecca dewinter . 
 was that an intentional reference ? '' 
 she looked at him in surprise . 
 `` yeah . 
 my parents loved that book . 
 you 're the first person who 's tied my name to it . 
 not many people are big readers of the older classics . '' 
 bones stifled his next snort , because telling her that he still considered rebecca to be new fiction would require too much explanation . 
 `` i go by becca , though , '' she added , giving his head a last toweling . 
 `` so , what are we doing with color today ? '' 
 what shade had n't he done recently ? 
 `` make it blond . '' 
 she blinked at him in the mirror . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` platinum , the whole lot of it . '' 
 her hand was still in his hair , absently fingering his curls . 
 bones met her eyes in the mirror . 
 she turned away quickly and threw `` let me just mix the color '' over her shoulder . 
 a smile tugged his mouth . 
 he had no false modesty about his looks . 
 they 'd been his trade in the seventeen hundreds when he was human and survived by selling his body to women . 
 since then , they 'd ensured that he did n't spend many nights alone , but by his choice , not for need of coin anymore . 
 and at times , he 'd used his looks when he was hunting lethal , feminine prey . 
 they 'd been a useful tool , but bones placed far more importance on maintaining his wits and strength . 
 becca came back and applied the color to his hair . 
 bones chatted with her , learning that she 'd worked here for a couple of years , lived just outside the quarter , and-interestingly enough-had been closing up the night eric greenville was murdered . '' 
 ... such a shame , '' becca continued . 
 `` i ca n't tell you how many times i 've seen those tour groups by our window while the guides talk about that old house . 
 they ca n't stand on their corner , since that 's private property , so they hang out in front here . 
 how awful for someone to be robbed and murdered by a person he met on one of those . '' 
 `` is that what the papers say happened ? '' 
 bones asked , though he already knew the answer . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` yeah . 
 weird stuff always happens during mardi gras . '' 
 that might be true , but bones was more interested in how becca might have caught a glimpse of delphine lalaurie that night , whether she realized it or not . 
 he 'd intended to track down the tour guide from that evening , for the same reason , but that person would be much more recognizable to delphine . 
 becca was anonymous . 
 she could be right useful , and judging from her scent-and the lingering looks she snuck his way-she would n't be averse to spending more time with him . 
 `` i 'm in town on business , '' bones said casually . 
 `` leaving soon after mardi gras ends , but i wondered if you 'd fancy having dinner with me ? '' 
 he 'd been watching her in the mirror as he asked . 
 her eyes widened , then she broke out into a smile . 
 `` um , sure . 
 that would be nice . '' 
 she was quite pretty . 
 shoulder-length brown hair with blond highlights , a nice full mouth-and arse-and she looked well into her twenties , so not a novice when it came to dating . 
 infinitely biteable , bones decided with a speculative gaze . 
 `` are you free tonight ? '' 
 she glanced away . 
 funny how many otherwise confident women shied under a direct look . 
 `` yeah . 
 i get off in an hour , but you know , i 'd want to go home and change ... '' `` smashing , i 'll pick you up at your house ` round eight , '' bones stated , giving her his charming smile . 
 it worked well enough . 
 she did n't argue , as it were . 
 when he left the salon , his hair was champagne blond , he had becca 's address in hand , and a far different plan for tonight than he 'd started out with . 
 you might turn out to be my homing beacon for delphine , bones thought , giving becca a peck on the cheek while promising to pick her up later . 
 or at the very least , we 'll both have dinner tonight . 
 chapter 4 becca ordered a salad for her entree . 
 bones , used to the baffling tendencies of women on first dates to pretend they did n't eat , said nothing . 
 he just ordered the large prime rib with three sides and cajoled becca into eating half his food . 
 aside from being thinner than he preferred , becca could also use the extra iron from the red meat , since bones intended to lower her blood count by a pint before the evening was finished . 
 after dinner , they walked along the streets of the quarter . 
 bones gave becca his coat , since her short dress with spaghetti straps did little to keep out the chill . 
 around them , the crowds were getting livelier as alcohol mixed with the veil of darkness , and the primal vibe of the city urged people to lose their normal inhibitions . 
 the hum of energy and excitement coming from the writhing banquet of humanity brought out the undead in force as well . 
 bones , under the pretext of joining in the festivities , bought masks for himself and becca . 
 his hid half his face , but hers was a silly little thing with feathers that covered only the area around her eyes . 
 with his aura of power carefully in check , new hair color , mask , and persona of being just another blood drinker strolling with his future meal , bones was as disguised as he could be . 
 somewhere in this seething mass of people , the lalauries could be hunting , choosing their next victim . 
 time for becca to assist him . 
 bones drew her a few feet into the next alley they came across . 
 even above the raucous noise around them , he could hear her heartbeat speed up as he leaned down . 
 instead of kissing her , however , bones brought his face close to hers , letting green spill out of his eyes while he spoke low and resonantly . 
 `` remember the girl , becca ? 
 the dark-haired one you saw that night walking with the murdered boy , can you see her face in your mind again ? '' 
 bones knew she could . 
 determining that becca had seen delphine with eric was the first thing he 'd done when he arrived at her house earlier . 
 a few flashes of his eyes , some help regressing her to that evening , and bones was sure becca had gotten a clear view of the female ghoul . 
 now to focus becca on delphine 's image , so she 'd recognize her on the spot if she saw her again . 
 becca nodded , transfixed by his gaze . 
 bones caressed her cheek . 
 `` if you see her again , you 'll tell me at once . 
 if i 'm not with you , you 'll ring me straightaway , but you will not go anywhere with her , ever . '' 
 `` ever , '' becca echoed . 
 `` you wo n't remember this conversation , either ; you 'll only remember to act as i 've told you if you see her . 
 and no matter the circumstances , you wo n't notice my eyes being anything but brown , or my teeth being anything but normal , right ? '' 
 another nod . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 bones smiled . 
 the emerald light left his eyes . 
 once free of their entrapping glow , becca blinked , her awareness returning . 
 her gaze flicked to his mouth , and she licked her lips . 
 bones closed the few inches between them , settling his mouth over hers in a firm , leisurely kiss . 
 she tasted of wine and prime rib , and beneath that was her own taste . 
 sweet , like crushed flowers . 
 a scraping sound from above made bones yank to the side with a curse . 
 someone was up there . 
 in the next moment , pain seared his back , just a few inches below his heart . 
 as bones spun around , he spotted a redheaded vampire perched on the roof on the other side of the alley . 
 `` ralmiel , '' bones muttered , recognizing him . 
 he jerked away in the next split second before another arrow was fired off . 
 this time , it landed in the building instead of his flesh . '' 
 ` allo , mon ami , '' the vampire called out genially . 
 `` stand still so i can kill you . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' becca gasped . 
 `` go into the parade now , '' bones ordered her , shoving her in that direction . 
 another arrow came at him , striking him in the arm he 'd extended to push becca safely away . 
 bones yanked the arrow out , spun to avoid another one , and propelled himself straight up in the air . 
 since he was in the alley , most bystanders would n't see him , and the ones who did would be too drunk to remember it clearly , anyhow . 
 ralmiel gave an infuriating chuckle as he sprinted away , leaping over the roofs in gravity-defying strides . 
 bones chased him , drawing several knives from his sleeves . 
 he flung them at the vampire 's back , but only one landed , and not in his heart . 
 bloke was fast . 
 `` you can not catch me , mon ami ! '' 
 ralmiel laughed , darting across the next roof onto the steeple of st. louis cathedral . 
 `` too right i can , '' bones growled , crossing the same distance in an aerial leap . 
 he reached inside his sleeves , grasped two more knives , and rocketed them at the vampire . 
 the knives landed in ralmiel 's chest , but he 'd jerked back in a life-saving microsecond that meant the difference between them piercing his heart and burying less harmfully into his sternum . 
 `` sacre bleu , '' ralmiel swore , yanking them out and tossing them off the roof . 
 then he smiled at bones . 
 `` close , though , non ? '' 
 bones reached in his sleeves again-and came up empty . 
 right , he 'd given his coat to becca , and it held the rest of his knives . 
 ralmiel aimed his crossbow , then gave a snort as he saw that he , too , was out of silver . 
 `` normally it takes no more than four arrows , mon ami . 
 i was n't expecting you to be so quick . 
 we 'll have to continue this another time . '' 
 bones jumped onto the church 's roof . 
 `` we can settle this without weapons . 
 come on , mate , afraid to only use your hands in a death match ? '' 
 ralmiel had an odd grin . 
 `` i think i will let you live tonight and kill you tomorrow . 
 or the next day . 
 i get paid the same either way . '' 
 bones let out a short laugh . 
 `` decided to take one of the many contracts out on me , did you ? 
 after i kill you , mate , i 'll be curious to see what your corpse is worth . '' 
 ralmiel sketched a bow , squeezing something in his hand . 
 `` i think not . '' 
 then he vanished in front of bones 's eyes . 
 bones stared at the spot where ralmiel had been . 
 what kind of trick was this ? 
 since they were in new orleans , the heart of magic and voodoo , perhaps it was a sort of spell . 
 the few other times bones had run across ralmiel , he damn sure did n't have the power to dematerialize on his own . 
 bones did n't figure he 'd hide such an ability , either . 
 though that begged the question of why marie would allow ralmiel , a known hit man , in her city to hunt the hitter she 'd hired . 
 if bones was dead , then he could n't take care of her problem with the lalauries , could he ? 
 he 'd have to inform jelani of this . 
 perhaps marie was n't aware of ralmiel 's presence . 
 but now to find becca , and erase from her mind all the things she 'd just witnessed . 
 chapter 5 the next day , bones went out of the quarter to a shop titled the swamp rat , noting with amusement the layer of ground brick sprinkled across the threshold of the door . 
 it was a voodoo defense barrier , supposedly capable of keeping out anyone who meant the shop owner ill . 
 pity it did n't work against people who did n't believe in voodoo . 
 or vampires . 
 as soon as he stepped inside , bones flipped the open sign to closed and locked the door behind him . 
 a wizened little man behind the counter glanced up , blinked ... and then , of all things , tried to run . 
 bones was across the room and over the counter in less time than it took the elderly shop owner to clear his seat . 
 he chuckled as the man let out a spate of creole that cursed bones , his parentage , and several of his ancestors . 
 `` remember , jean-pierre , i speak creole , so anything you say can and will be held against you and all that rot . '' 
 `` debil , '' jean-pierre said in english with a hiss . 
 `` i ` oped i 'd seen the last of you years ago . '' 
 `` now , mate , you 'll hurt my feelings . 
 do n't know why you take such an aversion to me . 
 your grandfather and i got along splendidly , and i know i 'm glad to still find you here . '' 
 jean-pierre 's eyes flicked around the shop , but it was empty of anyone but bones and himself . 
 no surprise there ; the wares he had on his shelves were ugly , shoddy t-shirts and other miscellaneous gimmicky items , all in questionable condition and priced higher than most of his competitors . 
 but jean-pierre 's real business was voodoo . 
 the shops along the quarter were for the tourists or the uneducated . 
 jean-pierre supplied genuine ingredients for the practiced , discerning buyer , and his family had been in the business since almost the inception of the city . 
 he was someone who knew many of the city 's darkest secrets . 
 and because jean-pierre had inherited the family trait of being immune to vampire mind control , bones could n't just use his gaze to glare information out of him , more 's the pity . 
 `` now then , what did i want to ask you about ? 
 ah , yes , redheaded bloke who goes by the name ralmiel . 
 vampire , ` round my height , and has the most amazing new trick of disappearing into thin air . 
 what do you know of him ? '' 
 from the expression on jean-pierre 's face , he did know something about ralmiel , but he did n't want to share the information . 
 bones did n't lose a fraction of his smile . 
 `` need me to bash you about a bit before you answer ? 
 no trouble at all . 
 just let me know which bone you 'd like broken first and i 'll get to it straightaway . '' 
 `` debils , '' jean-pierre hissed . 
 `` nothin ' but grave walkers , the both of you , ` cept even the earth don ' want you . '' 
 bones waved a hand . 
 `` yes , right , we 're all wretched blokes forsaken by god and mother nature herself , now get on with it . '' 
 bones really had no desire to start beating on the little man . 
 that would take too long . 
 `` redheaded debil , he come ` round every so often , '' jean-pierre said , spitting out the words . 
 `` he have fetishes made for him , use magic . '' 
 `` vampires are forbidden from using magic . 
 it 's one of the few laws cain laid down for his people . 
 i 'm surprised ralmiel uses it so blatantly . '' 
 jean-pierre 's mouth curled . 
 `` cain . 
 god should have killed him for murdering abel , not made him into a vampire as punishment instead . 
 as for ralmiel , those who see ` im use magic do n't live long enough to tell about it , i think . '' 
 that would keep word from spreading , true enough . 
 but a few people had to know aside from jean-pierre . 
 `` this magic ralmiel uses , who makes it ? '' 
 `` don ' know . '' 
 bones gave jean-pierre a measured stare . 
 `` i wo n't enjoy it , but i 'll either beat the answer out of you , or i 'll take you with me and keep feeding off your no doubt dreadful-tasting blood until you tire of being my snack and you tell me then . '' 
 `` hope she curdles your blood to dust , '' jean-pierre spat , but gave bones a name . 
 and her location . 
 `` you ring me if you see ralmiel again , '' bones instructed jean-pierre , writing his number on the back of one of the sloganed coasters for sale on the counter . 
 this one had a tagline of `` it wo n't lick itself ! '' 
 quite true , that . 
 `` and do n't make me end my long , friendly association with your family by doing something foolish , '' bones added , letting green flash in his eyes as he handed him the coaster . 
 jean-pierre took it . 
 `` i do n't cross debils . 
 too much bad juju afterward . '' 
 bones just nodded as he left . 
 quite true , that , as well . 
 it was bones 's fourth day in the city when another murder was discovered . 
 as before , bones went to the scene to see what , if anything , he could use from it to track the lalauries . 
 jelani spoke with the detective assigned to the case . 
 from their muted conversation , bones picked up that the detective thought jelani was an associate of one of the city 's biggest donors , and that bones was a private investigator . 
 bones made jelani empty out the flat before he went inside , ignoring the rubbish the detective sputtered about him contaminating the scene . 
 he 'd leave the scene a sight less muddled than those blokes . 
 once alone , he walked through the flat , breathing deeply every few moments . 
 same male and female scent from the other flat . 
 spent less time here , though , and made a grand mess of things in their haste . 
 those blood spatters are from an arterial spray , arced wide enough that the girl would have been running when they tore open her throat . 
 not the same girl they finished off in the kitchen , though . 
 she 's the poor lass who owned the other flat , and she did n't have any legs left to run on . 
 the boy was watching . 
 his blood 's fresher than theirs , and the stench from his fear is smeared all over both rooms . 
 from the shallowness of his wounds , he was likely still alive when they ate his arms ... bones felt the shift in the air right before ralmiel appeared behind him . 
 he spun , his knife flashing out , but the other vampire was n't pointing any weapons at him this time . 
 no , ralmiel was staring almost sadly around the carnage of the room . 
 `` mon dieu , '' he breathed , then gave a censuring glance at the knife in bones 's hand . 
 `` put that away . 
 there 's been enough death in this room , oui ? '' 
 under normal circumstances , bones would have disagreed , and then proceeded to stab the hell out of ralmiel . 
 but the scents , sight , and aura of despairing horror in the flat also made him loath to add to it . 
 bones lowered his knife , but did n't let it out of his hand . 
 he was n't so affected that he 'd lost his wits . 
 `` why are you here , if not to attempt to kill me again ? '' 
 ralmiel walked around the room , inhaling just as frequently as bones had . 
 he held another small , dark satchel in his grip . 
 ah yes , that would be ralmiel 's voodoo version of a teleporter . 
 `` this was not done by human hands . 
 it is one thing to kill such as you or i '' - ralmiel 's dismissive wave encompassed their mutual lack of worth - `` but these are innocents . 
 it is not right . '' 
 bones almost rolled his eyes . 
 a hitter with a conscience . 
 if ralmiel was n't out to kill him , he 'd buy him a drink and they could talk shop . 
 `` you did n't hear about the other murders ? 
 you should pay more attention , mate . '' 
 `` i heard about the last one , but did n't know our kind was responsible . 
 new orleans is my city . 
 it has its darkness , but not like this . 
 you know who 's doing this ? '' 
 bones met the other man 's green gaze . 
 `` yeah , i do . '' 
 ralmiel waited . 
 bones said nothing else . 
 finally , ralmiel gave bones an assessing glance . 
 `` but you are here to kill them , non ? 
 you are not too bright if you think marie will thank you afterward for stealing her vengeance . '' 
 bones shrugged . 
 `` i 'm doing it regardless . 
 call it a slow business week . '' 
 ralmiel laughed , but it had a harsh edge . 
 `` tell me who is behind this , so when i kill you , you can go to your rest knowing i will prevent it from happening again . 
 you have my word . '' 
 `` thanks ever so , but i 'll take my chances , '' bones replied , green glittering in his eyes . 
 ralmiel did n't know it , but those magic pouches of his were numbered . 
 bones had paid a visit to georgette yesterday , the maker of ralmiel 's fancy exits , and had persuaded her to switch the ingredients for ralmiel 's new batch . 
 it barely required any threatening at all . 
 georgette knew using magic was against vampire law , and as the provider of the product , she was guilty by association . 
 once ralmiel ran out of the real fetishes , bones would have him right where he wanted him . 
 forced to fight-and die . 
 ralmiel bowed . 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 then he squeezed his pouch and vanished from where he 'd been standing . 
 bones looked at the empty spot and smiled . 
 two more down , mate . 
 i suspect your genie impersonation will soon be coming to an end . 
 chapter 6 becca chewed her lower lip . 
 `` you 're quiet tonight . '' 
 bones glanced up . 
 `` sorry , luv , i 'm just a bit preoccupied . '' 
 she pushed her plate back . 
 at least , three dates later , she 'd quit pretending that a bowl of lettuce was all she wanted for a meal . 
 `` problems with your client ? '' 
 becca thought he was a consultant for a corporation looking to save finances by downsizing its nonessential employee positions . 
 it was close to the truth , in a twisted sort of way . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 the real problem was , bones still was n't any closer to finding the lalauries . 
 they did n't appear to have their own residence , but just moved from flat to flat of the people they murdered . 
 and despite his walking becca up and down every street in the quarter the past three nights , she 'd caught no glimpse of delphine lalaurie . 
 bones had come across several ghouls on those jaunts , but they were having a bit of harmless fun . 
 not looking to savage the first person thick enough to follow them inside a building . 
 becca reached out , touching his hand . 
 `` do you know where you 're going to be next , after this job ? 
 and , ah , will you be leaving right away when it 's done ? '' 
 he knew what she was really asking him . 
 `` i 'll be leaving straightaway when i 'm finished . 
 my work takes me all over the world , and leaves precious little time for anything else . '' 
 i 'm not what you 're looking for , becca . 
 hurt flashed on her face for a moment , quickly masked behind a false smile . 
 `` sounds exciting . '' 
 does it ? 
 in point of fact , it can be bloody lonely . 
 `` you know , '' becca said as the silence stretched , `` i 'd understand if you just want to drop me home after dinner ... '' `` no , '' bones said at once , softening his tone when she blinked at how emphatic he sounded . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 've been a right glum fellow , but i do want to spend more time with you tonight . 
 if you 're willing . '' 
 he almost hoped she 'd say she was n't . 
 if the circumstances were n't so dire , bones would drop becca at her house and compel her not to set foot in the city until this was over . 
 but he could n't stand over the next freshly chewed body and know he might have been able to prevent it . 
 bones could n't sniff them out , not with the river of humanity thronging the streets , but he could have becca give a good look at any female ghoul he found . 
 one of these times , it would be delphine . 
 `` i 'd really like to spend more time with you , while i 'm here , '' bones said , giving becca a smile filled with possibilities . 
 she smiled back , her scent of unease melting away from her . 
 `` i 'd like that , too . '' 
 rotten bastard you are , bones thought . 
 he did n't let any of that show on his face , however . 
 instead , he signaled for the check . 
 power raised the hairs on the back of his neck . 
 bones turned , muttering a curse when he spied a familiar face headed their way . 
 `` excuse me , '' he ground out to becca , rising . '' 
 ` allo , '' ralmiel called out , sliding into the seat opposite bones 's . 
 he gave a charming smile to becca . 
 `` who might you be , ma belle cherie ? '' 
 `` no one that concerns you , '' bones said curtly . 
 becca 's mouth dropped . 
 ralmiel looked offended . 
 `` as if you would need to protect such a lovely flower from me . 
 my business is with you , mon ami . 
 not with people who happen to be around you . '' 
 ralmiel did n't have a reputation for harming innocent bystanders , but bones was n't pleased at becca being exposed to him . 
 this whole situation was putting her at more risk than he 'd intended . 
 he 'd have to change his plans for tomorrow night . 
 but first things first . 
 bones sat down , keeping his hands close to the silver knives in his coat . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 becca asked , glancing back and forth between them . 
 `` quite , '' bones replied , not letting his eyes stray from ralmiel 's . 
 `` my friend just forgot his manners , interrupting our dinner . '' 
 `` i was going to wait for you outside , '' ralmiel said , settling back in his chair expansively , `` but when i saw your cher amie , i decided to conclude our business tomorrow . 
 after i learn more about la belle here . '' 
 `` i do n't like being spoken about as if i 'm not even here , '' becca said , with a sharp glare at ralmiel . 
 the waiter came with the check . 
 bones dropped several bills onto it without counting them , not tearing his attention from ralmiel for a fraction longer than needed . 
 `` join us outside ? '' 
 bones asked , with an arched brow . 
 ralmiel nodded . 
 `` of course . '' 
 becca got her purse , still giving them wary glances . 
 `` do you two need a minute alone to talk ? '' 
 no , bones thought coolly . 
 but i 'd like a minute alone to kill him . 
 he picked up his whiskey glass , noting with satisfaction that it was near full , and rose from the table . 
 `` we 're fine , luv . 
 be finished up shortly . '' 
 bones and ralmiel kept their attention on each other 's every move as they walked outside . 
 the tension was thick enough to slice . 
 almost casually , bones took a sip of his whiskey . 
 next to them , a group of smokers waited to get into the restaurant . 
 `` what 's your plan , mate ? '' 
 bones asked . 
 `` going to skulk after me and wait for your best chance ? '' 
 ralmiel smirked . 
 `` non , mon ami . 
 i 'm going to follow her home and then skulk around after you . '' 
 becca gasped . 
 bones just smiled . 
 `` i think not . '' 
 then he flung his whiskey on ralmiel , using the lighter from the smoker nearest him to send ralmiel up in flames . 
 ralmiel screamed , swatting at the fire that covered the front of him . 
 several bystanders yelled as well . 
 bones did n't wait to admire his handiwork . 
 he yanked becca with him through the crowd , ignoring her horrified sputtering . 
 once he found an alley , he propelled himself up in the night , covering both of them with his coat . 
 less chance of being noticed , since his coat was black against the night 's sky . 
 ralmiel would n't be following anyone , not in his condition . 
 becca 's scream at being airborne was cut off by bones clapping a hand over her mouth . 
 he did n't bother with the rooftops this time , but flew over the quarter and beyond . 
 he glanced back a few times , but there was no flying form chasing him . 
 it would be too much to hope that ralmiel had n't managed to douse the fire and was dead , but at least now he would n't know where becca lived . 
 she kicked and squirmed the entire way , making terrified grunting sounds against his hand . 
 when they reached her neighborhood , bones glanced around , saw no one loitering about , and set them on the ground by her front door . 
 `` shh , you 're fine , becca , '' he said , lasering her with his gaze . 
 `` i drove you home after dinner , and nothing out of the ordinary happened . '' 
 she smiled at him , the fear melting away on her face . 
 `` thanks for a lovely evening , '' she said . 
 bones sighed , again regretting the necessity of using her . 
 when this is over , he promised her silently , you 're getting a large donation in your bank account . 
 it 's the bloody least i can do . 
 `` no , luv , thank you , '' he replied , brushing his lips across hers . 
 he 'd intended it to be only a brief kiss , but she opened her mouth and twined her tongue with his , the scent of desire wafting from her . 
 bones kissed her with more intensity , letting his hands slide to her waist . 
 she gasped , and then groaned when his hips rubbed against hers . 
 money is n't all i can give her , bones reflected . 
 becca did n't want him to leave her at her door tonight . 
 her heartbeat and scent were screaming that to him . 
 she pulled away long enough to whisper , `` come inside . '' 
 again , it was the least he could do . 
 chapter 7 the float rounded the first street corner to the clamor of cheers . 
 it was a mock-up of an opera stage , with a faux upper balcony and a piano in the forefront . 
 becca , barely recognizable in curled wig , theater makeup , and a long , victorian dress , beamed at the crowd . 
 seated at the piano , bones ran his hands over the keys while the float 's speakers blared out the familiar score from phantom of the opera . 
 more cheers came from the street 's onlookers , especially when bones stood up and bowed . 
 he wore a black tuxedo , with that trademark half-face mask obscuring his features , and a dark wig on his head . 
 the other actors on the float mimed a musical rehearsal as bones stalked toward becca with the exaggerated seductiveness-and menace-of the phantom . 
 it had n't been hard to switch himself and becca with the original couple for this float . 
 just a few flashes from his eyes , and those people were happily drinking rum instead of playing christine and the phantom . 
 none of the other actors argued , either . 
 there were days when it was good to be a vampire . 
 perched as she was on the fake balcony of the float , becca had a bird 's - eye view of the people up and down the streets . 
 this parade went all through the quarter , and in their costumes , even ralmiel would be hard-pressed to recognize either of them . 
 becca was as anonymous as bones could make her , having no idea that , subconsciously , she was scanning faces in the crowd looking for delphine . 
 after lip-synching a snippet from `` music of the night '' with becca , bones jumped down and walked around the outside of the float . 
 this kept becca 's attention where it should be ; away from him , and on the faces upturned at her . 
 if that deviated from the scheduled act for the float , so be it . 
 it was only three days until fat tuesday . 
 soon the lalauries would finish their murderous scavenging and leave the city . 
 there were more important things at stake than following a parade script . 
 it was after eleven at night , which meant the crowds were at their peak . 
 the parade was halfway down bourbon street when becca suddenly stopped waving and flinging beads . 
 her eyes took on a glazed look as the directive bones had instilled in her a week ago kicked in and bore results . 
 `` the woman from that night . 
 there she is . '' 
 becca did n't even seem to be aware that she 'd spoken . 
 bones swung his gaze in the direction becca was staring , cursing the crush of people around him . 
 there was a sea of faces , half of them female , and every third of those with dark hair . 
 he jumped up to where becca was , muttering , `` show me . '' 
 becca ignored everything around her , fixated on the directive bones had compelled in her before : find the woman from that night . 
 with a stiff gesture , she pointed into the crowd . 
 bones searched the faces ahead of them , looking for that faint , telltale luminance of undead flesh . 
 a woman about ten meters ahead turned around . 
 her hair was black and curly , her smile was wide , and her beautiful features were set off by pale , perfect skin . 
 delphine . 
 delphine noticed him , too . 
 at first her eyes flicked over him disinterestedly , but then she paused . 
 narrowed her gaze . 
 and turned around and began walking away . 
 `` stay here , '' bones ordered becca , reaching inside his coat to pull out a large , curved knife . 
 the crowd gasped , thinking it was part of the act . 
 he ignored them as he jumped down , roughly shoving people out of his path . 
 her dark head slipped below the crowd as she ducked and vanished from his sight . 
 bones increased his pace , almost throwing people to the side . 
 soon the police would notice the disturbance , but he did n't care . 
 his attention was focused on one goal . 
 do n't let delphine escape . 
 he glimpsed her again , darting quickly through people with her head lowered . 
 delphine glanced over her shoulder , and their eyes met once more . 
 she smiled , lovely and evil . 
 then she punched the person closest to her and ran . 
 bones gave up pretending to be human . 
 he chased after delphine with all his supernatural speed . 
 in the next moment , he was upon the young man delphine had struck . 
 the man was on his knees , blood pouring out between hands clutched to his stomach . 
 she 'd punched him hard enough to tear right through the bloke 's guts . 
 it was a mortal injury-unless bones stopped to save him . 
 he made his decision in an instant and kept going . 
 it was worth the sacrifice of one innocent victim to save countless others . 
 delphine had underestimated her hunter by thinking this would secure her escape . 
 another burst of speed brought him closer . 
 delphine was fast , but he was quicker . 
 savage anticipation coursed through him . 
 his hand clenched on his knife . 
 almost there ... just as bones was nearly upon her , an arrow ripped through his chest , bringing an explosion of pain . 
 he roared as he tore it out , plowing through people well below eye level to make his heart a far harder target . 
 ralmiel . 
 he 'd kill the sod for his wretched timing . 
 another arrow landed in his back , missing his heart again , but showing ralmiel had n't given up . 
 the silver burned , yet bones did n't slow to pull it out . 
 he could n't risk losing delphine , pain be damned . 
 every person he jostled by in the crowd felt like he was giving the arrow a good twist , however . 
 bones gritted his teeth and continued on , cursing the people in his way , the blaring music , the bloody beads , the myriad smells that made delphine impossible to track by scent , and the cajun hitter determined to mount him on his trophy wall . 
 bones caught another arrow to the neck , skewering him clean through and spinning him around in rage . 
 blast it all , ralmiel would get lucky with one of his shots soon , and bones could n't kill delphine if he was dead himself . 
 he took his knife and hacked the front of the arrow off , then ripped it out of his throat . 
 fiery pain throbbed for a moment until the wound healed . 
 bones kept moving , zigzagging , until he reached the side of a building and then shot straight up . 
 once on the roof , he tore his mask off ; his gaze was sizzling emerald as he sought out his target . 
 ralmiel was on the roof across the street , over the maison bourbon sign . 
 the cajun did n't smile or crack any jokes this time . 
 he fitted another arrow in his crossbow and fired . 
 bones whirled to the left , leaving the arrow to sail past him , then whirled again when another rapidly fired . 
 and another . 
 sod this , bones thought . 
 he folded one arm across his chest and then vaulted at ralmiel , his other hand holding the curving knife . 
 ralmiel fired off two more arrows , but they landed in bones 's arm , not his heart . 
 then ralmiel jumped back , but too slow . 
 one hard slash cleaved the crossbow in two . 
 another swipe split open ralmiel 's chest . 
 the blade was steel , not silver , since bones had intended it for decapitating a ghoul instead of killing a vampire . 
 still , the wound was deep . 
 ralmiel floundered , trying unsuccessfully to wrest away . 
 bones held on to him and raised the knife again . 
 this one takes off your head , bones thought grimly , swinging the blade . 
 and that kills everything , does n't it ? 
 but the knife swept through thin air instead . 
 bones snarled in frustration , his knees hitting the roof as the vampire under him disappeared . 
 he spun around , just in case the blighter was about to reappear behind him with silver at the ready , but there was nothing . 
 cold fury filled bones . 
 he hacked off the end of the arrow still piercing his back , then yanked that through as well , ignoring the starburst of pain it caused . 
 either ralmiel would soon run out of magic pouches or georgette had decided not to switch the ingredients in them . 
 he 'd deal with that later , though . 
 first he had to try to find delphine again , and god help ralmiel if he interfered one more time . 
 bones darted along the quarter 's roofs for more than an hour , using the higher vantage point to better see the faces of the people below . 
 no sign of delphine . 
 he cursed himself for not simply flying over the heads of the crowd to get to her before , but hiding the secret of his species was so ingrained in him that his first instinct had been to follow her on foot . 
 it would have been sufficient , too , if not for ralmiel . 
 bloody bastard . 
 but now bones knew what she looked like . 
 becca 's part in this could finally be over . 
 bones would try scouring the quarter again tomorrow , and hope like blazes delphine had n't been scared out of the city . 
 bones left the quarter and went to his hotel at the outskirts of city , doubling back several times to make sure he was n't being followed . 
 with all his backtracking , the sun was almost ready to rise by the time he made it inside his room . 
 he stripped off his clothes and sat on the bed , eyeing his laptop . 
 better check now for any important messages . 
 sleep could wait a bit longer . 
 bones logged onto his e-mail , quickly reading through his messages . 
 `` bloody hell , '' bones swore when he got to the last one . 
 what was the ghoul up to ? 
 chapter 8 that afternoon , bones opened the side door to his townhouse to let jelani in . 
 he went through the foyer , listening to the clicks from jelani 's plastic and metal legs as he followed . 
 bones stopped in the townhouse 's inner courtyard . 
 it was beautiful , with a large fountain in the middle surrounded by flowers planted specifically to bloom even in winter . 
 `` very nice , '' jelani complimented , looking around . 
 bones was silent . 
 jelani waited for a few minutes , but then impatience got the better of him . 
 `` you said you had some news ? '' 
 the ghoul prompted . 
 bones gave him a thin smile . 
 `` i do indeed . 
 about you . '' 
 then bones crossed the distance and grabbed jelani , holding the bigger man several feet off the ground . 
 `` this is your only chance to tell me the truth . 
 lie to me and i 'll kill you right here . 
 ever since i arrived , i 've had ralmiel after me , with no fear of marie 's reprisal for it . 
 strange , that . 
 then your story did n't check out . 
 did you think i 'd just take your word and not do my own investigation ? 
 there 's no record of the lalauries ever being at the st. francisville house , so they could n't have murdered your wife there . 
 what kind of game are you playing ? '' 
 jelani did n't bother to struggle . 
 his false arms and legs left him as helpless against bones as if he 'd been human . 
 `` i was the lalauries ' slave , '' he spat . 
 `` both me and my wife were purchased from them shortly after they moved to the quarter . 
 the stories of what they did to their slaves are n't even half the truth . 
 my wife and i tried to run away . 
 they caught us and tortured me . 
 cut off my arms and legs and ate them in front of me , but that was n't the worst of it . '' 
 jelani looked away . 
 the scent of pure torment wafted off him , but bones did n't loosen his grip . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` delphine changed me into a ghoul , '' jelani continued , his voice trembling with remembrance . 
 `` then she kept me chained inside that hellish attic for days , until i was mad from hunger . 
 she finally brought my wife up , chaining her , too , so she could n't run away . 
 that night , i killed my wife . 
 i killed my wife and ate her . '' 
 bones let him down . 
 jelani staggered for a moment on his prosthetic legs until he found his balance . 
 when he did , he shoved bones back . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mate , '' bones said quietly . 
 `` but you know it was n't your fault . 
 it 's their crime , not yours . '' 
 jelani gave a bitter snort . 
 `` oh , i know they 're guilty for her death . 
 but every time i go to sleep , i can still hear her screaming in my dreams . 
 over a hundred years later , i can still hear it . '' 
 jelani met bones 's gaze squarely . 
 `` i want it to end . 
 i want all of it to end . '' 
 bones let out a slow sigh . 
 `` marie has no idea the lalauries are even here , does she ? 
 that 's why ralmiel is so brazenly after me . 
 he has no fear of repercussions from her . '' 
 `` when delphine and louis were hunting in the city decades ago , majestic told me not to act until she was back . 
 she did n't want anyone knowing for fear that news of it would weaken her power . 
 but the lalauries got away before majestic returned . 
 this time , i could n't risk letting them get away again . 
 so i lied to you when i brought you here . '' 
 bones ran a hand through his hair in frustration . 
 `` marie will kill you for this . 
 but you must already know that . '' 
 the big man 's shoulders slumped . 
 `` you ca n't know what it 's like , living among our kind crippled this way . 
 majestic has made it bearable , but once the lalauries are dead , i want to die , too . 
 my only hope is that majestic is kind enough to make death my punishment for my betrayal , instead of casting me off without her protection . '' 
 bones 's gaze traveled once more over the stumps that made up jelani 's arms and legs . 
 jelani could n't wield a knife in defense of his life or in defense of marie 's , which was the expectation of any member in an undead line . 
 he could n't even walk , if someone were to sweep those prosthetics out from under him-and that would be the first thing any hostile vampire or ghoul would do . 
 looking at it coldly , all jelani had to offer majestic in return for her protection was his loyalty , and he 'd just burned that by going behind her back over the lalauries . 
 even if marie sympathized with why he did it , she 'd still have no choice except to kill him for it . 
 not if she did n't want to be regarded as a weak leader . 
 and if bones was being practical , now that he knew none of this had been sanctioned by marie , he 'd leave the city tonight . 
 then once jelani 's deeds were revealed , bones could truthfully claim ignorance of the man 's betrayal . 
 but if he did n't , any further actions he took would be held up to judgment by the queen of the city . 
 bones was a trespasser , hunting on marie 's grounds without her permission . 
 he knew she would n't look kindly on that . 
 furthermore , while he was here , he was providing a damn fine target of himself to ralmiel , since he could n't very well hide and hunt at the same time in the same small area . 
 though neither could the lalauries . 
 not for much longer , as it were . 
 there was only one choice , was n't there ? 
 bones stared at jelani , not letting any emotion show on his face . 
 `` i do n't believe i 'll see you again , mate , but i 'll promise you this-you 'll have your vengeance . '' 
 jelani gave him a tight smile . 
 `` it wo n't just be my vengeance . 
 it will be shared by my wife , and everyone else who died at their hands . '' 
 bones walked away , not replying to that . 
 death he could give , yes . 
 but at the moment , he wished he could give hope , too , even though there was none for jelani , and perhaps none for himself , either . 
 chapter 9 bones walked up the street to becca 's salon . 
 he 'd tried her cell earlier , but she did n't answer . 
 she was probably annoyed with him for what she 'd think was his disappearing last night . 
 or she was busy with customers and had n't been able to get to her phone . 
 either way , he thought a gesture was in order , so he 'd picked up a dozen roses on his way . 
 and just in case ralmiel was on a roof sighting down a crossbow on him , bones was wearing a kevlar vest underneath his shirt and coat . 
 let ralmiel try to shoot an arrow through that . 
 the next time that scurvy bugger pulled a houdini and popped up , bones intended to separate his head from his shoulders . 
 if he could kill delphine and louis at the same time , he 'd consider it a capital evening . 
 bones was a few shops down from the salon when he smelled it . 
 he inhaled just to make sure , then quickened his pace , running the short distance to the salon and flinging open the door . 
 the girl behind the counter looked up in surprise . 
 bones ignored her , stalking through the salon and yanking open every closed door , much to the consternation of a customer getting a massage in the back room . 
 `` becca 's not here , '' the girl called out . 
 bones stalked over , letting the roses drop to the floor as he grabbed her . 
 `` when did she leave ? 
 was she alone ? '' 
 `` hey , not so rough , '' she protested . 
 bones let her go and asked very precisely , `` where is becca ? '' 
 `` she called in sick . 
 or she had her new roommate come in earlier to say that becca was n't working today , but when you showed up , to tell you to come over for dinner . 
 so i guess becca ca n't be that sick . '' 
 even though he already knew , he had to confirm it . 
 `` this girl , what did she look like ? '' 
 shrug . 
 `` black curly hair , thin , about my age . 
 had an accent , i think it was french ... '' bones walked to the door . 
 the girl continued to call after him . 
 `` tell becca she 's in trouble with our manager . 
 it 's mardi gras , we ca n't afford for her to just decide to take a day off . '' 
 delphine had n't just run off last night . 
 no , she 'd doubled back and found becca first . 
 once outside , bones inhaled again , deeply . 
 even with the scent of countless people trampling through the air , he could still smell delphine . 
 it was if she 'd deliberately rubbed against the side of the shop to make sure he smelled her . 
 bones walked across the street to stare up at the lalauries ' old mansion . 
 then he went to the gate and took in another long breath . 
 she 'd been here , too . 
 again , the trail was so strong , it had to be deliberate . 
 delphine 's scent had n't been on it before , the many other times bones had walked past this house . 
 and now he could hear a heartbeat inside the normally empty mansion . 
 becca . 
 come over for dinner , delphine had said , and she was making sure bones knew where dinner would be held . 
 a bitter smile twisted his mouth . 
 no , delphine . 
 i 'm not making it that easy for you . 
 ghouls are stronger during the day , while vampires are weaker . 
 i 'll wait till after nightfall to accept your invitation . 
 it 's not as if you have any intention of letting becca go free once i arrive anyway , you murdering bitch . 
 bones turned on heel and walked away , wondering if delphine or louis was watching him . 
 it was past nine when bones came back . 
 his coat was lined with several knives , both steel and silver . 
 no telling whether delphine and louis might have vampiric help with them , so best to have all bases covered . 
 he was still wearing the kevlar vest underneath his shirt , even though it would slightly hinder his movements . 
 still , its benefit outweighed its liability . 
 bones stared at the lalauries ' old house . 
 even with all the noise around him from partiers enjoying the last few days of mardi gras , if he concentrated , bones could still faintly make out the heartbeat inside the house . 
 true , that heartbeat might not be becca 's , but she might yet be alive . 
 now for the last addition to his ensemble . 
 bones turned and walked into the reveling crowd , pulling out the first few people his hands laid on , dragging them from the thick of the merrymakers and hitting them with his gaze . 
 the alcohol they 'd consumed helped with that , since none of them could claim exceptional mental willpower at the moment . 
 bones did n't care if anyone looking on bothered to wonder why his eyes were glowing green . 
 let them think it was a special effect from the phantom of the opera mask he had on , if they bothered to ponder it at all . 
 after giving the three bespelled people their instructions , bones went back into the crowd and pulled out another three , repeating the process . 
 and then another three , then another , until he had more than a dozen obedient bystanders . 
 finally , bones walked back down the street to stand on the corner in front of the house . 
 the shadows around it were darker now , throbbing with the memory of suppressed rage from centuries ago . 
 it was almost as if those shadows knew their former tormenters had returned . 
 bones took off his mask , then rolled his head around on his shoulders . 
 `` now , '' he told the waiting men and women at his back , and vaulted up into the air . 
 below him , they began walking to the front of the house and hurling things at it . 
 beer bottles , their shoes , their masks ; whatever they could get into their hands , they flung it . 
 windows broke on the first and second floors , the sound drowned out by the yells and hollers from the people . 
 they did n't go within a dozen feet of the house , though . 
 no , they stayed just far enough away so that anyone who wanted to stop them would have to come out and get them . 
 drawing out delphine or louis was n't the point . 
 the racket they made while they smashed up the house was . 
 hidden behind the chimney on a nearby roof , bones waited for his chance . 
 when two windows smashed simultaneously , bones sprang forward , streamlining his body and diving through the second floor windows . 
 bones rolled as soon as he hit the floor , staying low and searching the room , careful not to let any green shine from his eyes . 
 he was n't going to make it easier for them to find him , if they 'd determined the noise they 'd just heard was him instead of more objects being hurled through the windows . 
 the room was empty of all but furniture . 
 bones inhaled , trying to track becca by scent , and then swore . 
 the room stank of embalming fluid , a noxious scent that masked damn near everything else . 
 clever bastards , he thought . 
 that was all right ; he could still pick up the heartbeat as a beacon , though now that he was inside , it sounded like there were two heartbeats . 
 both in opposite directions from each other . 
 he chose the one that sounded stronger . 
 since becca was their most recent victim , it made sense that the other , fainter heartbeat belonged to someone the lalauries had acquired before her . 
 while bones felt pity for that unknown person , becca was his primary concern . 
 he crept forward in a low crouch . 
 the lights were off , not that ghouls needed illumination to see . 
 there was no sound inside except for those heartbeats , his own stealthy movements , and the occasional smash from whatever item was still being flung at the windows . 
 yet bones could feel the energy in the house . 
 delphine and louis were here . 
 waiting . 
 whatever trap they 'd set had been sprung as soon as bones entered the house . 
 now all he could do was see it through to the end . 
 everyone 's got to die one day , bones mused with grim determination . 
 come on , you sods . 
 let 's see if you 've got what it takes to make today my day . 
 chapter 10 bones edged down the hallway toward the sound of the heartbeat , careful to watch for any hint of an imminent attack . 
 so far , he did n't see anyone , but all his internal alarms were ringing . 
 the trap would be where becca was , true , but he could n't just abandon her . 
 after all , it was his fault delphine took her in the first place . 
 the heartbeat was coming from the room at the end of the hall . 
 four menacing , open doorways stood between him and it . 
 bones pulled two knives from his coat , one steel , one silver . 
 he gripped one in each hand as he kept low and moved forward . 
 come out , come out , wherever you are ... everything in him tensed as he crept up to the first door , his nerve endings anticipating a sudden slice of pain from a knife or other weapon . 
 bones sprang into the room , braced to counter an assault-but there was nothing . 
 just more furniture with dust covers over them and that noxious embalming odor that neutered his ability to track anything by scent . 
 one down , three to go . 
 bones repeated the same routine with the next door . 
 this time , he was hit in the face by a spiderweb , but nothing more threatening than that . 
 the third room was empty , as was the fourth room , but the fourth room had blood in it . 
 a lot of blood . 
 bones knelt by one of the wide , pooling spots , giving it a deep sniff . 
 even above the chemical fumes in the room , he knew it was becca 's blood . 
 which meant the pieces of bones tossed almost casually in the corner were hers as well . 
 he rose , the swell of killing anger in him making him calmer , not crazed . 
 bones approached the last room with the heartbeat just as slowly and cautiously as he had the others . 
 if the lalauries had thought the grisly display of their leftovers would have him dashing in with reckless abandon to save her , they were wrong . 
 this room was empty of furniture except for one long , dark coffin where the heartbeat came from . 
 bones waited before entering , his senses tuned for any nuance of noise or movement . 
 nothing . 
 then again , a ghoul did n't breathe , and could hold as still as a statue if need be . 
 delphine and louis could both be in there , waiting for him . 
 bones dove into the room , rolling immediately to counter any frontal assault , the blades gripped in his hands seeking flesh to bury themselves into . 
 nothing . 
 not even a whisper , except for that steady heartbeat . 
 the closet in the room had no doors , so no one was hiding in there , and unless delphine or louis had acquired ralmiel 's dematerializing trick , they were n't in this room . 
 he approached the coffin , taking in another deep breath . 
 there was the scent of the embalming fluid , becca 's blood , and something else . 
 metallic , though too faint to decipher over the stink of the chemicals . 
 muffled noises consisting of mmph , mmphh ! 
 interspersed with ragged breathing from inside the coffin . 
 someone was alive in there . 
 gagged , from the sounds of it . 
 bones ran his hand along the coffin 's lid . 
 this was too easy . 
 was delphine in there with becca , waiting to thrust silver in his heart as soon as bones lifted the lid ? 
 if she was , she 'd soon find out the futility of that . 
 he cracked the lid , heard a faint click-and then flung himself away the instant before the blast . 
 silver fragments from the specialized bomb were embedded all over the back of him . 
 so were the body parts of whichever unfortunate soul had been in that coffin . 
 only bones 's kevlar vest kept the ragged silver pieces from shredding his heart . 
 for a stunned moment , he lay on the ground , mentally calculating his injuries . 
 then delphine and louis burst into the room , swinging away with silver knives . 
 bones staggered to his feet , wincing at the pain in his legs where chunks of flesh had been torn off by the bomb . 
 his head was both ringing and throbbing ; some silver must have embedded in his skull . 
 he whirled , making the stab louis aimed for his heart slice into his shoulder instead . 
 but it was a mistake , since the blade pieced deeply into his skin when it would have only bounced off the kevlar on his chest . 
 bones shook his head to clear it , mentally lashing himself . 
 quit being stupid , or you wo n't have long to regret it . 
 he 'd lost the knives in his hands during the explosion . 
 bones received two more deep swipes before he could secure a blade and attack back . 
 louis lalaurie was quick , dodging the blade and kicking bones in the thigh , where a particularly large piece of silver was still lodged . 
 it cost him a step as he spun again to avoid delphine 's attack from behind . 
 her knife cleaved into his upper arm instead of through his neck . 
 it bit deep , though , almost severing the limb . 
 delphine was strong , and she was n't fighting like a novice . 
 she slashed at him while louis attacked from the front . 
 all the silver in his flesh was using up his strength as his body automatically attempted to heal itself-and heal the new injuries that were being inflicted , one after the other . 
 delphine and louis forced him back , causing him to almost trip over a piece of rubble . 
 his left arm , hanging by a few ligaments , took a few seconds to repair itself , but those seconds were costly . 
 bones could n't use the arm to fight , and louis and delphine were pressing their advantage . 
 more silver hacked at him , until every inch of his body felt like was burning and his blood spattered the ground around them , weakening him further . 
 sensing victory was close , delphine leaped onto his back , savagely tearing at him with both her teeth and her knives . 
 bones could n't dislodge her and keep louis at bay . 
 he could n't even get more of his knives , since delphine had managed to rip his coat off in her rabid attack . 
 he could n't reach the ones strapped to his legs , either , without louis taking his head off as soon as bones bent down . 
 louis smiled , feral and satisfied , as an upward swipe bit deep into bones 's gut , making him hunch instinctively at the blast of agony . 
 delphine redoubled her efforts and focused on hacking at his neck , realizing she could n't penetrate the kevlar on his back or chest . 
 a blur in the corner of the room made bones drop down on one knee . 
 louis let out a triumphant laugh , but bones was n't kneeling in defeat . 
 it was because he 'd seen what louis , with his back turned and his attention fixated on bones , had n't noticed . 
 delphine saw it , too . 
 she started to scream even as bones sprang back , slamming both of them against the wall behind him-while a long , curved blade arced its way through louis lalaurie 's neck . 
 louis 's head turned to the right and kept going . 
 it rolled off his shoulders even as he slumped forward , a dark , viscous hole facing bones where his head used to be . 
 ralmiel held a red-smeared blade behind him . 
 delphine screamed again , in a piercing wail of rage and grief . 
 bones did n't hesitate . 
 he reached into his boots and pulled out the two oblong canisters they contained , ripping the tops off and stabbing them into her chest . 
 the twin flares erupted , lighting her clothes on fire as they burned her from the inside out . 
 bones held on to them , pitilessly pushing them deeper . 
 a ghoul 's body did n't have enough blood in it to put them out . 
 delphine 's screams became frenzied , her legs and arms scissoring madly as she tried to escape . 
 bones pinned her to the floor , ignoring the licking flames on him as she continued to burn . 
 he 'd fed well before tonight ; he would n't burn as easily . 
 the fire spread through delphine 's body , splitting and blackening her skin faster than she could heal . 
 something savage in bones made him want to prolong this . 
 to keep shoving flares into delphine and burning her until there was nothing left but ash , except there was n't time . 
 sirens wailed , getting louder . 
 the police would be there soon . 
 that bomb , though relatively small , had n't gone unnoticed . 
 bones pulled a long blade from his boot , letting delphine see the gleam of the metal as he held it above her . 
 then bones cut deeply through delphine 's neck , feeling little satisfaction as her head rolled across the floor to stop at louis 's decapitated corpse . 
 after all the evil the two had committed , it was too quick and merciful an end for them . 
 but jelani , at last you have your vengeance . 
 ralmiel walked over to him and held out a hand . 
 bones , after a pause , took it and let the other vampire pull him to his feet . 
 `` are n't you supposed to be trying to kill me ? '' 
 ralmiel did n't smile . 
 he glanced at the ceiling and shook his head . 
 `` i came in by way of the attic and saw her . 
 she does n't have much time . '' 
 becca . 
 bones ran out of the room , following the sound of the other , fainter heartbeat . 
 the explosion actually helped in this regard . 
 the chunk it blew out of the hallway revealed a metal staircase inside the walls , becca 's heartbeat sounding louder in there . 
 bones pulled back some of the drywall to slip through , then raced up the narrow stairs . 
 he flung back the hatch at the top of the stairs that opened into a small , box-shaped room on top of the house 's roof . 
 becca was lying on a bench . 
 bones 's face twisted as one glance revealed the extent of her abuse . 
 he knelt beside her , turning her head so she could see him . 
 she was awake , though in her state , that was a curse instead of a blessing . 
 bones stared at her , letting the power in his eyes capture her mind . 
 in her condition , it took a few moments . 
 he waited , murmuring , `` it 's all right , luv . 
 you 're safe now , '' until the horror and terror left her gaze and she quit trying to move or talk . 
 she could n't do either , though . 
 her lips were sewn together with what looked like fishing line , and her arms and legs were gone . 
 the only reason she was still alive was that louis-or delphine-had used some of their own blood to seal the gaping wounds left where her limbs used to be . 
 what used to be her arms and legs were now hideously smooth stumps . 
 bones closed his eyes . 
 he could save becca 's life ... by taking it . 
 she would n't survive the transition if he tried to turn into a vampire , but he could make her a ghoul . 
 all it required was her drinking some of his blood before she died , and that would n't be long . 
 she was very near death as it was . 
 he thought of jelani . 
 of the ghoul 's admitted pain over trying to live as someone who would always be helpless compared to even the weakest of their kind . 
 and becca did n't know there was another world that existed on the fringe of hers . 
 how could bones condemn her to wake up trapped in that body , changed into something she did n't even know existed ? 
 a slow sigh came out of him , then he forced himself to smile . 
 his gaze brightened while he harnessed all his energy into making becca believe everything he was about to tell her . 
 `` it 's all right , '' bones said again , stroking her face . 
 `` you 're safe , becca , and there 's no pain anymore . 
 you 're not injured . 
 you 're not even here . 
 you 're in a beautiful field , flowers all around you . 
 can you see them , becca ? '' 
 she nodded , her features slipping into relaxed planes that were completely at odds with the ragged stitches around her mouth . '' 
 ... you 're warm , and you 're lying on the ground looking up at the sky ... look at it , becca . 
 see how blue it is ... '' her stare became more fixed . 
 bones leaned forward , his mouth settling on her throat . 
 her pulse was so faint , he could barely feel it against his lips . 
 `` sleep now , becca , '' bones whispered , and bit deeply into her neck . 
 chapter 11 ralmiel met him at the front of the salon where becca worked . 
 from there , they had a clear view of the police swarming over the lalauries ' old house and the bomb unit being called in . 
 blokes did n't want to chance that anything else might explode in the place , not that bones could blame them . 
 after a few minutes of silence , bones turned to ralmiel . 
 `` why did you come there tonight ? '' 
 ralmiel shrugged . 
 `` jelani offered to pay me double the highest bounty on your corpse , if i let you live instead . 
 so i thought to help you kill the scum fouling my city . 
 it was easy to know where you were , mon ami , once the house went boom . '' 
 bones could n't contain his snort . 
 `` mate , i 've got some bad news for you . 
 jelani 's skint broke , and marie has n't authorized any of what he 's done the past several days , so do n't expect her to reimburse you , either . '' 
 ralmiel stared at him . 
 `` there 's no money ? '' '' 
 ` fraid not . '' 
 `` he lied to me . 
 i will kill him , '' ralmiel said in outrage , pulling a pouch from his pocket and squeezing it . 
 nothing happened . 
 ralmiel looked down in surprise , then squeezed again . 
 and again . 
 a slow smile spread across bones 's face . 
 `` having some difficulty , are you ? '' 
 understanding bloomed on ralmiel 's face . 
 `` you found georgette , '' he murmured . 
 `` never underestimate your opponent , '' bones replied . 
 `` you know you 're not to be trifling with magic , and if anything happens to georgette for coming to her senses and refusing to participate in your crimes again , i 'll be forced to make them public . '' 
 ralmiel said nothing for a long moment . 
 bones waited , wondering if now that ralmiel knew he would n't be collecting any quid for `` letting '' bones live , he 'd dare to take him on in a fair fight , without the chance of one of his magic escapes . 
 finally , a faint smile creased ralmiel 's mouth . 
 `` non , mon ami . 
 that time is past . 
 money is not everything , oui ? 
 one day , perhaps , you might assist me . '' 
 bones inclined his head . 
 `` i hope you 're not lying . 
 i rather like you , but if i ever see you on the other side of a silver weapon again , i 'll shrivel you . '' 
 ralmiel shrugged . 
 `` understood . '' 
 then he nodded at the mass of people in the street . 
 `` thirsty ? '' 
 another snort escaped bones . 
 did he want to plunge into that crowd and glut himself on the throats of nameless , countless people who 'd never know they 'd been bitten by the time he was done with them ? 
 no . 
 he wanted to take becca to his townhouse , clean her body up , and then bury her in his courtyard so no more indignities could be committed upon her . 
 but he could n't do that . 
 becca 's family had the right to bury her , not him . 
 the best thing bones could do was leave becca where she was . 
 the police would do their investigation , tie it into the other murders , and perhaps decide they had a copycat killer who 'd taken his obsession with the lalauries ' dark history too far . 
 since delphine and louis 's bodies , in death , would have regressed back to their true ages , the police might reckon they were old victims unearthed in that hidden room from the bombing . 
 they 'd never realize they were looking at the killers themselves . 
 so , in truth , he had nothing to do but throw himself into the crowd that had no idea of the horrors committed just a block away . 
 besides , marie might just try to make this his last mardi gras . 
 the scale of her retribution had yet to be determined . 
 eat and drink , for tomorrow we die , bones thought sardonically . 
 he swept out a hand to ralmiel . 
 `` lead the way , mate . '' 
 chapter 12 underneath the cemetery , the air was damp and cool , with a heavy scent of mildew . 
 almost an inch of water stood on the ground . 
 these tunnels never got completely dry , no matter how hard the pumps worked . 
 a single candle broke the darkness , illuminating the face of the woman who sat in the only chair in the room . 
 jelani knelt in front of her , which had n't been an easy task , considering his prosthetic legs . 
 but now his huge frame was in a posture of submission and resignation . 
 he 'd just confessed his crimes and was waiting for his sentence . 
 and after him , bones was next . 
 looking down at him , marie laveau 's expression was blank , hiding whatever thoughts were swirling in her mind . 
 after several tense minutes she stood . 
 `` you betrayed me . '' 
 her voice was as smooth as her skin , making guessing her age difficult . 
 `` yes , majestic , '' jelani murmured . 
 power blasted out from her frame as her temper slipped . 
 bones did n't react , but he felt like the air had just become littered with invisible razors slicing into his skin . 
 `` you are not sorry . '' 
 despite her anger electrifying the air , when jelani raised his head , he was smiling . 
 `` no , my queen . 
 i am not . '' 
 christ , bones thought . 
 intending to go out with a bang , are you ? 
 something flickered across marie 's face , too quickly for bones to decipher if it was pity or rage . 
 `` good . 
 if you are to die for something , then you should n't regret what it was . '' 
 her arm flashed out , so fast that jelani 's smile never had a chance to slip . 
 it was still on his face when his head rolled off his shoulders and his body slumped forward . 
 marie did n't move out of the way , even though jelani 's slowly oozing neck was now pressed against the hem of her skirt . 
 that long , curved blade was still in her hand as her gaze met bones 's . 
 `` what about you ? 
 are you sorry ? '' 
 bones thought about the question , and not just because he knew his life might hinge on his answer . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't kill the lalauries sooner , '' he said at last , holding marie 's stare without flinching . 
 `` sorry an innocent girl met a horrible end because i involved her . 
 sorry for the bloke at your feet , who felt revenge was worth more than his life . 
 but if what you 're asking me is , would i do it all over again to stop delphine and louis ... the answer is yes . 
 and i 'm not sorry about that . '' 
 marie tapped the knife against her leg . 
 bones glanced at it and then back to her dark eyes . 
 if you want my head , i wo n't kneel for you to take it , he thought coolly . 
 you 're not my sire and i did n't betray you , so you 'll have to fight for it . 
 with a knowing look , marie wiggled the knife . 
 `` do you think i need this to kill you ? 
 do you think i need any weapon at all ? '' 
 she dropped the knife and stepped around jelani 's body . 
 the air around her changed . 
 it thickened with power , becoming icy , despairing , and angry . 
 a faint keening noise seemed to come from nowhere and everywhere at once . 
 `` you know what happens when a voodoo queen becomes undead ? '' 
 marie asked . 
 her voice echoed , like multiple people were somehow speaking through her vocal cords . 
 `` my ties to the otherworld were strengthened . 
 those consigned to the grave filled me with their power . 
 listen to them roar . '' 
 marie opened her mouth and there was a roar , rage-filled and eerie enough to make bones shiver . 
 dark swirls appeared around her , as if her shadow had multiplied . 
 those swirls moved to curl around bones , stroking him with freezing , malevolent , hungry hands . 
 his strength seemed to melt out of him with their touch while the memory of his death , so long ago , flashed in his mind . 
 he felt the same way he did then ; cold , weak , succumbing to that inevitable slide into nothingness . 
 then the power around marie faded . 
 that unearthly keening stopped , the shadows curled back into her , and in a rush , the strength returned to bones 's body . 
 marie watched him , a small , brittle smile on her mouth . 
 `` i wish you would have lied to me . 
 then i could have justified killing you . '' 
 bones recovered enough to shrug . 
 `` you already knew the truth . 
 lying would only have insulted us both . '' 
 she studied him again , her expression giving nothing away . 
 `` you are banned from new orleans for five years , '' she finally stated . 
 `` if you violate this ban , i will kill you . 
 if you speak of these events to anyone , i will kill you . 
 as far as what everyone else will know , i contracted you to take care of the lalauries while i was out of town , and jelani was killed by them in defense of his city . 
 furthermore , you owe a debt to me equivalent to the value of a life , since i 'm letting you keep yours . '' 
 bones did n't argue marie 's assertion that she could kill him . 
 her display of power moments ago made it plain that there were things about new orleans 's queen that few people knew-or lived to tell . 
 all things considered , bones was getting a slap on the wrist . 
 then again , it was also in marie 's best interest to leave bones alive to back up her version of events . 
 as for jelani , at least marie was giving him an honorable legacy . 
 there were worse things to die for than securing a long-denied revenge . 
 sooner or later , everyone died . 
 it just took death longer to catch up to those it had already visited , like vampires and ghouls . 
 `` done , '' bones said . 
 marie dropped her gaze to look at the dead man near her feet . 
 `` get out . '' 
 her voice sounded huskier . 
 she knelt by jelani 's withering frame to stroke his shoulder . 
 even though she 'd killed him , her grief was clear . 
 that sort of ruthlessness combined with her level of power made marie truly frightening . 
 if meting out jelani 's death had meant nothing to her , bones would n't have found her chilling . 
 but even though it had hurt her to kill jelani , that had n't stopped her from doing it . 
 yes . 
 best be going quickly . 
 bones left without looking back . 
 his flight out of the city was already booked . 
 by tonight , he 'd be on his way to ohio , searching out the undead accountant he 'd been tracking before he got involved in this mess . 
 this was over , but it was time for the next hunt . 
