 1 i drew in a ragged breath and tried hard to surface from one hell of a nightmare . 
 `` jesus , '' i moaned . 
 sweat slid down my face . 
 my head was fuzzy . 
 was i dreaming ? 
 if i was , this dream hurt like a bitch . 
 wait , dreams are n't supposed to hurt . 
 without warning my body seized again . 
 pain scorched through my veins like a bad sunburn , igniting every cell in its path . 
 i clenched my teeth , trying hard to block the rush . 
 then , as quickly as it struck , the pain disappeared . 
 the sudden loss of sensation jolted my brain awake and my eyes snapped open in the dark . 
 this was n't a damn dream . 
 i took a quick internal inventory of all my body parts . 
 everything tingled , but thankfully my limbs could move freely again . 
 the weak green halo of my digital clock read 2:07 a.m. i 'd only been asleep for a few hours . 
 i rolled onto my side and swiped my sticky hair off my face . 
 when my fingers came in contact with my skin , i gasped and snapped them away like a child who 'd just touched a hot stove . 
 holy shit , i 'm on fire . 
 that could n't be right . 
 do n't panic , jess . 
 think logically . 
 i pressed the back of my hand against my forehead to get a better read on how badly i was burning up . 
 hot coals would 've felt cooler than my skin . 
 i must be really sick . 
 sickness was a rare event in my life , but it did happen . 
 i was n't prone to illness , but i was n't immune to it either . 
 my twin brother never got sick , but if the virus was strong enough i was susceptible . 
 i sat up , allowing my mind to linger for a brief moment on a very different explanation of my symptoms . 
 that scenario would be impossible . 
 get a grip . 
 you 're a twenty-six-year-old female . 
 it 's never going to happen . 
 it 's probably just the flu . 
 there 's no need to - without so much as a breath of warning , another spasm of pain hit clear and bright . 
 my body jerked backward as the force of it plowed through me , sending my head slamming into the bedframe , snapping the wooden slats like matchsticks . 
 my back bowed and my arms lashed out , knocking my bedside table and everything on it to the ground . 
 the explosion of my lamp as it struck the floor was lost beneath my bona fide girl scream . 
 `` shiiiit ! '' 
 another tremor hit , erupting its vile ash into my psyche like a volcano . 
 but this time instead of being lost in the pale haze of sleep , i was wide awake . 
 i had to fight this . 
 i was n't sick . 
 i was changing . 
 jesus christ ! 
 you 've spent your whole life thinking about this very moment and you try to convince yourself you have the flu ? 
 what 's the matter with you ? 
 if you want to live , you have to get to the dose before it 's too late ! 
 the pain buried me , my arms and legs locked beside me . 
 i was unable to move as the continuous force of spasms hit me one after another . 
 the memory of my father 's voice rang clearly in my mind . 
 i 'd been foolish and too stubborn for my own good and now i was paying the price . 
 `` jessica , do n't argue with me . 
 this is a necessary precaution . 
 you must keep this by you at all times . '' 
 the new leather case , containing a primed syringe of an exclusively engineered cocktail of drugs , would be entrusted to me for safekeeping . 
 the contents of which were supposed to render me unconscious if need be . 
 `` you may never need it , but as you well know , this is one of the stipulations of your living alone . '' 
 i 'm so sorry , dad . 
 this was n't supposed to happen . 
 my genetic markers were n't coded for this . 
 this was an impossibility . 
 in a world of impossibilities . 
 i 'd been so stupid . 
 my body continued to twist in on itself , my muscles moving and shifting in tandem . 
 i was locked in a dance i had no chance of freeing myself from . 
 the pain rushed up , finally reaching a crushing crescendo . 
 as it hit its last note , my mind shattered apart under its impact . 
 everything went blissfully black . 
 too soon , pinpoints of light danced behind my eyelids . 
 i eased them open . 
 the pain was gone . 
 only a low throbbing current remained . 
 it took me a moment to realize i was on all fours on the floor beside my bed , my knees and palms bloodied from the shards of my broken lamp . 
 my small bedside table was scattered in pieces around me . 
 it looked like a small hurricane had ripped apart my bedroom . 
 i had no time to waste . 
 the dose is your only chance now . 
 go ! 
 the bathroom door was five feet from me . 
 i propelled myself forward , tugging myself on shaky arms , dragging my body behind me . 
 come on , we can do this . 
 it 's right there . 
 i 'd only made it a few thin paces when the pain struck again , hard and fast . 
 i collapsed on my side , the muscles under my skin roiling in earnest . 
 jesuschrist ! 
 the pain was straight out of a fairy tale , wicked and unrelenting . 
 i moaned , convulsing as the agony washed over me , crying out in my head , searching for the only possible thing that could help me now . 
 my brother was my only chance . 
 tyler , it 's happening ! 
 ty , ty ... please ! 
 tyler , can you hear me ? 
 tyyy ... another cloud of darkness tugged at the edges of my consciousness and i welcomed it . 
 anything to make all this horror disappear . 
 right before it claimed me , at that thin line between real and unreal , something very faint brushed against my senses . 
 a tingle of recognition prickled me . 
 but that was n't right . 
 that was n't my brother 's voice . 
 dad ? 
 nothing but empty air filled my mind . 
 i chastised myself . 
 you 're just hoping for a miracle now . 
 females were n't meant to change . 
 i 'd heard that line my entire life . 
 how could they change when they were n't supposed to exist ? 
 i was a mistake , i 'd always been a mistake , and there was nothing my father could do to help me now . 
 pain rushed up , exploding my mind . 
 its fury breaking me apart once again . 
 jessica , jessica , can you hear me ? 
 we 're on our way . 
 stay with us . 
 just a few more minutes ! 
 jessica ... hang in there , honey . 
 jess ! 
 i ca n't , dad . 
 i just ca n't . 
 blood . 
 fear shot through me like a cold spear . 
 i lifted my nose and scented the air . 
 coolness ran along my back , forcing my hair to rise , prickling my skin . 
 i shivered . 
 my labored breaths echoed too loudly in my sensitive ears . 
 i peered into the darkness , inhaling deeply again . 
 blood . 
 a rumble of sounds bubbled up from beneath me and i inched back into the corner and whined . 
 the thrumming from my chest surrounded me , enveloping me in my own fear . 
 out . 
 i leapt forward . 
 my claws slid out in front of me , sending me tumbling as i scrabbled for purchase on the smooth surface . 
 i picked myself up , plunging down a dark tunnel into a bigger space . 
 all around me things shattered and exploded , scaring me . 
 i vaulted onto something big , my claws slicing through it easily . 
 i sailed off , landing inches from the sliver of light . 
 out . 
 my ears pricked . 
 i lowered my nose to the ground , inhaling as the sounds hit me . 
 images shifted in my brain . 
 humans , fear , noise ... harm . 
 a low mewing sound came from the back of my throat . 
 a loud noise rattled above my head . 
 i jumped back , swiveling away , searching . 
 then i saw it . 
 out . 
 i leapt toward the moonlight , striking the barrier hard . 
 it gave way instantly , shattering . 
 i extended myself , power coursed through my body . 
 the ground rushed up quickly , my front paws crashing onto something solid , my jaws snapping together fiercely with the force of the impact . 
 the thing beneath me collapsed with a loud , grating noise . 
 without hesitation i hit the ground . 
 run . 
 i surged across hard surfaces , finding a narrow stretch of woods . 
 i followed it until the few trees yielded to more land . 
 i ran and ran . 
 i ran until the smells no longer confused me , until the noises stopped their assault on my sensitive ears . 
 hide . 
 i veered toward a deep thicket of trees . 
 once inside their safe enclave , i dove into the undergrowth . 
 the scent pleased me as i wiggled beneath the low branches , concealing myself completely . 
 once i was settled , i stilled , perking my ears . 
 i opened my mouth , drawing the damp air over my tongue , sampling it , my nostrils flared . 
 the scents of the area came quickly , my brain categorizing them efficiently . 
 the strong acidic stench of fresh leavings hung in the air . 
 prey . 
 i cocked my head and listened . 
 the faint sounds of rustling and grunting were almost undetectable . 
 my ears twitched with interest . 
 my stomach gave a long , low growl . 
 eat . 
 i sampled the air again , testing it for the confusing smells , the smells i did n't like . 
 i laid my head down and whimpered , the hunger gnawing at my insides , cramping me . 
 eat , eat , eat . 
 i could n't ignore it , the hunger consumed me , making me hurt . 
 i crept slowly from my shelter beneath the trees to the clearing where the tall grass began . 
 i lifted my head above the gently waving stalks and inhaled . 
 they were near . 
 i trotted through the darkness , soundless and strong . 
 i slid into their enclosure , under the rough wooden obstacle with ease . 
 i edged farther into the darkness of the big den , my paws brushing against the old , stale grass , disturbing nothing more . 
 prey . 
 the wind shifted across my back . 
 they scented me for the first time . 
 bleating their outrage , they stamped their hooves , angry at the intrusion . 
 i slipped under another weak barrier , my body lithe and agile as i edged along the splintered wood . 
 i spotted my prey . 
 eat . 
 i lunged , my jaws shifting , my canines finding its neck , sinking in deeply . 
 sweet blood flowed into my mouth . 
 my hunger blazed like an insatiable fire , and my eyes rolled back in my head in ecstasy . 
 the animal tipped over , dying instantly as it landed in the dirty hay . 
 i set upon it , tearing fiercely at its flesh , grabbing long hunks of meat and swallowing them whole . 
 `` goddamn wolves ! '' 
 my head jerked up at the noise , my eyes flickering with recognition . 
 human . 
 `` i 'll teach you to come in here and mess around in my barn , you mangy piece of shit ! '' 
 sound exploded and pain registered as i flew backward , crashing into the side of the enclosure . 
 i tried to get up , but my claws slipped and skidded in the slippery mess . 
 blood . 
 i readjusted , gaining traction , and launched myself in the air . 
 the pungent smell of fear hit me , making my insides quiver with need . 
 kill . 
 a deep growl erupted from inside my throat , my fangs lashing . 
 my paws hit their target , bringing us both down with a crash . 
 mine . 
 i tore into flesh , blood pooled on my tongue . 
 `` please ... do n't ... '' no ! 
 i stopped . 
 no ! 
 i backed away . 
 `` bob , you all right out there ? '' 
 danger . 
 out . 
 i loped forward , limping along in the shadows . 
 i spotted a small opening , jumped , and landed with a painful hiss . 
 my back leg buckled beneath me , but i had to keep moving . 
 run . 
 i ran , scooting under the barrier . 
 a scream of alarm rent the air behind me . 
 i ran and ran until i saw only darkness . 
 rest . 
 i crawled beneath a thick canopy of leaves , my body curling in on itself . 
 i licked my wound . 
 there was too much damage . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 instantly images flashed through my mind one by one . 
 man , boy ... woman . 
 i focused on her . 
 i needed her . 
 jessica . 
 i called her back to me . 
 she came willingly . 
 jessica ! 
 jessica ! 
 honey , can you hear me ? 
 answer me ! 
 jess , it 's ty . 
 you have to listen to dad and wake the hell up ! 
 my brain felt foggy , like a thick layer of moss coated it from the inside . 
 jessica , you answer me right now ! 
 jessica . 
 jessica ! 
 `` dad ? '' 
 i squinted into the sunlight filtering through a canopy of branches a few feet above my head . 
 i was human again . 
 i had no idea how that had happened , but i was relieved . 
 i tried to move , but pain snapped me back to reality the instant my leg twitched . 
 with the pain came everything else . 
 the change , the escape , the poor farmer . 
 i shuddered as the memories hit me like a flickering film reel , a snippet of my life one sordid frame at a time . 
 i 'd been there , i 'd seen it , but i had n't been in control for any of it-except at the very end . 
 i hoped like hell the farmer was still alive . 
 saying no had taken so much effort , i could n't remember anything at all after that . 
 i had no idea where i was . 
 from everything i knew about wolves , not being in control was an extremely bad sign . 
 if i could n't subdue my wolf-couldn ' t master my dominion over the new beast inside me-i would n't be allowed to live . 
 holy shit , i 'm a wolf . 
 i lifted my head and glanced down the length of my very exposed , very naked body . 
 i focused on my injury and watched as my skin slowly knit back together . 
 incredible . 
 i 'd seen it happen before on others , but until now i 'd never been in the super healing category myself . 
 young male wolves gained their abilities after their first shift . 
 my body must still be adjusting , because my hip was still one big mash of ugly muscle . 
 dried blood stained my entire right side , and the heart of the gunshot wound resembled a plate of raw hamburger . 
 thankfully there was no bone showing . 
 if there 'd been bone , there would 've been bile . 
 now that i was awake and moving , the pain had increased . 
 i closed my eyes and laid my head back on the ground . 
 my encounter last night better not have been a normal night out for a new werewolf . 
 if it was , i was so screwed . 
 jessica ! 
 my head shot up so fast it slammed into a pointy twig . 
 ow . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 so it had n't been my imagination after all . 
 i knew the alpha could communicate with his wolves internally , but hearing his voice was new to me . 
 i concentrated on listening . 
 nothing . 
 i projected a tentative thought outward like i used to do with my brother . 
 dad ? 
 oh my god , jessica ! 
 are you all right ? 
 answer me ! 
 yes ! 
 i can hear you ! 
 i 'm fine , er ... at least i think i am . 
 i 'm in pain , and i ca n't really move very well , but i 'm alive . 
 my hip looks like it went through a meat grinder , but it 's mending itself slowly . 
 stay where you are . 
 we 'll be right there . 
 i lost your scent for a time , but we 're back on your trail now . 
 okay . 
 i 'm under some thick brush , but i have no idea where . 
 i ca n't get out because of my leg . 
 snort . 
 you 're not healed yet ? 
 tyler ? 
 who else would it be ? 
 hearing my brother 's voice in my head released a flood of emotion . 
 i had n't realized how much i 'd missed it until right this second . 
 it 's safe to say i was n't expecting you back in my brain . 
 we have n't been able to do this since we were kids , but it 's good to hear you now . 
 tyler 's thoughts shifted then , becoming heavier , like a low , thick whisper tugging along the folds of my mind . 
 jess , i heard you calling me last night . 
 you know , when it first happened . 
 it sounded awful , like you were dying or something . 
 i 'm so sorry i did n't make it there in time . 
 i tried . 
 i was too late . 
 it 's okay , tyler . 
 we have n't been able to communicate like this in so long , i really was n't expecting it to work . 
 it was a last-ditch effort on my part to take my mind off the brutal , scary , painful transition process . 
 do n't worry about it . 
 there was n't anything you could 've done anyway . 
 it happened mind-bogglingly fast . 
 almost too fast to process . 
 my heart caught for a second remembering it . 
 i heard , or maybe felt , a stumble and a grunted oath . 
 you 'll get used to it , tyler said . 
 the change gets easier after you do it a few more times . 
 hold on , i think we 're almost to you . 
 we lost your scent back at the barn . 
 jesus , you ripped that place apart . 
 there was blood everywhere . 
 an ugly replay started in my mind before i could shut it down . 
 i hope the farmer survived . 
 i shifted my body slightly and winced as a bolt of pain shot up my spine . 
 my injuries would 've killed a regular human . 
 i was clearly going to survive , but it still hurt like hell . 
 my dad 's anxiety settled in sharp tones in my mind . 
 we 're close , jessica . 
 by the time we picked up your scent on the other side of the barn , we had to wait for the human police and ambulance to leave . 
 it should n't be long now . 
 stay right where you are and do n't move . 
 your scent grows stronger every moment . 
 yeah , you smell like a girl . 
 it 's weird . 
 maybe that 's because i am one . 
 or have you forgotten because you have n't seen me in so long ? 
 nope , i have n't forgotten , but you do n't smell like a regular wolf , tyler said . 
 wolves smell , i do n't know , kind of rustic and earthy . 
 you smell too female , almost like perfume . 
 it sort of makes me gag . 
 i could feel him give a small cough in the center of my mind , which was totally bizarre . 
 then i should be easy for you to find . 
 snort . 
 we 'll be right there , my dad assured me . 
 do n't worry . 
 we 've got a car not too far from here waiting to take you back to the compound . 
 all this effort to communicate was taking its toll , and my head began to ache in earnest . 
 the pain in my hip flared and a whooshing noise started in my ears . 
 i 'm feeling a little woozy all of a sudden ... hang on - 2 i woke to white walls and the smell of disinfectant , latex , and coffee . 
 the room resembled a typical hospital room , clean , bright , and sterile , except this one catered exclusively to werewolves . 
 it was underground because wolves were n't known for their calm cool natures , and dirt was damn hard to claw your way out of if you went crazy . 
 no one else shared the space with me , which made things easier . 
 newborn wolves meant chaos , and less chaos was preferable , since last night i 'd managed to achieve the impossible . 
 i 'd become the only living female full-blooded wolf on the entire planet . 
 my new identity was going to rock the supernatural status quo , and the sooner i could prepare for the fallout-which was inevitable-the better . 
 hauling my ass out of this hospital bed was a good place to start . 
 `` hellooo , '' i called . 
 `` is anybody there ? '' 
 while i waited for a response , i flexed my leg and tested for pain . 
 a small twinge lingered high on my thigh , but otherwise it felt normal . 
 i could n't actually see the wound , since the top of my leg was wrapped with enough gauze to stuff a throw pillow . 
 recalling the mincemeat it 'd been , i was more than happy to go without a visual . 
 i had no idea if i would scar from the ordeal or not . 
 i had a lot to learn about my new body . 
 a conversation started on the floor above me . 
 my father 's low baritone stood out . 
 i cocked my head , half expecting to hear a bionic beep as i homed in on the conversation . 
 it was amazing how clear it was , like they were in the same room with me . 
 i tested my vision on a tiny container across the room . 
 i could read the fine print on the label , no problem . 
 footfalls hit the steps and my father , callum mcclain , the pack alpha of the u.s. northern territories , stepped into view . 
 `` well , it 's about damn time . '' 
 i flashed him a big grin . 
 it 'd been a while since i 'd seen him and i 'd missed him . 
 since i 'd left the compound seven years ago , we 'd only seen each other a handful of times . 
 we 'd been extremely cautious about our meetings , because being spotted together would 've set off alarms in the supernatural community . 
 any gossip could have compromised my alias , abruptly ending the independent life i 'd worked so hard to create for myself . 
 `` jessica , you scared the hell out of me . '' 
 my father strode to my bedside . 
 with a full head of dark hair and no wrinkles in sight , he did n't appear a day over thirty-five . 
 `` i scared the hell out of myself . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` shifting into a wolf had n't been on the evening 's agenda . 
 plus i kind of thought i was dying , so that put a serious damper on the whole thing . 
 my limbs felt like they were being sawed apart by a dull blade . '' 
 `` the first time is always rough , '' my father said . 
 `` especially if i 'm not there to guide the transition . 
 it 's much better if you do n't fight the process and stay calm . 
 the tranq would 've eliminated the pain . 
 why did n't you use it ? '' 
 my father slid a chair over and pulled it next to the bed and sat . 
 `` that was our agreed-upon failsafe if you ever started to shift . 
 you were to inject yourself , knock yourself out , and we would find you . 
 no damage to you in the process . 
 you could 've died jumping out of your apartment and it 's lucky the gunshot did n't sever your spinal cord . 
 i put my trust into you , into our agreement . 
 i expected you to follow it to the letter . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i plucked at the bedsheets like an errant child . 
 `` i tried to reach the dose , but i did n't make it . 
 i have no one to blame but myself . 
 i transferred the case from my bedside stand to the bathroom cabinet a few years ago . 
 i thought it was close enough , but honestly , i never thought i 'd need it . 
 it 's been over ten years since i hit puberty and we 'd always been told i was n't genetically coded to shift . '' 
 i paused for a second . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i thought you were being overprotective as usual . '' 
 `` dear jessica ! '' 
 dr. jace entered the room , his familiar white hair fanning around his face like a fragile halo , his expression full of open amusement and wonder . 
 `` you gave us quite a fright ! 
 you 're a miracle , young lady , truly a miracle . '' 
 he shuffled to my bedside , grabbed on to my hand , and patted it affectionately . 
 `` who would 've thought it possible ? 
 a true female among us . 
 amazing ! 
 truly amazing ! '' 
 `` doc jace . '' 
 i tilted my cheek toward him so he could give it a quick peck . 
 `` it 's great to see you again . 
 it 's been too long . 
 you 're looking well . '' 
 this man was the closest thing to a grandfather i 'd ever known . 
 he was an essential human in our pack , like his father and grandfather before him-meaning he knew our secrets , worked for us , but was not supernatural himself . 
 essentials were a necessity in every supernatural sect , since the human race had no idea we existed . 
 they were doctors , teachers , lawyers ; individuals recruited to play a special role within the sect . 
 doc jace was a brilliant doctor , an extreme asset to our pack . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're here '' - i flashed him a grin - `` because you 're just the man to answer a burning question . '' 
 `` of course , '' he said . 
 `` i will always do my best to answer your questions , jessica . '' 
 `` how did i survive ? 
 i thought i was n't coded for wolf , that it would be impossible for me to make a full transition , and if my body chemistry did change late after puberty i 'd likely die from the ordeal . 
 but i 'm alive . '' 
 doc absently stroked his short beard . 
 `` males carry their wolf markers on their second y chromosome , very uncommon indeed , but they are there , coded very clearly . 
 you have never had any such indicators and no second chromosome . 
 my best guess is your body must carry the gene , the one that marks you as a wolf , elsewhere , perhaps in a noncoded region . 
 but as you can guess , i will be doing exhaustive research on that very topic . '' 
 he patted my hand . 
 `` exciting work it is . '' 
 puzzling over our genes was his life 's work . 
 `` having you make a successful transformation as a female is revolutionary . 
 we are blazing a new trail with this research . 
 it will be marvelous indeed . '' 
 i already knew it was revolutionary , because females did n't exist in our race . 
 my birth had sparked a frenzy of discontent , which was enhanced to a breaking point by a certain unsubstantiated but extremely well-circulated myth proclaiming i was pure evil , a menace placed on earth for the sole purpose of bringing down the race of wolves . 
 once the pack found out about my new status as a full-blooded wolf , there was going to be a huge uproar , and everything i 'd built for myself would slide straight down the drain . 
 without going into all that with the doctor , i asked instead , `` what time is it ? 
 how long have i been out ? '' 
 `` it 's seven o'clock in the morning , '' doc answered . 
 `` you 've been asleep for nearly eighteen hours , which is not uncommon for a wolf recuperating from a traumatic injury . 
 i 'm guessing you 're ready for some coffee and some breakfast ? 
 you must be famished . 
 shifting utilizes an incredible amount of energy , and newborn wolves are more hungry by nature . '' 
 `` yes , coffee and food sound heavenly . '' 
 my stomach growled on cue . 
 `` i 'm actually starving . '' 
 dr. jace left and i turned back to my father . 
 `` i 've been asleep for eighteen hours ? 
 are you telling me it 's monday morning already ? '' 
 `` yes , it 's monday . '' 
 my father leaned forward in his chair . 
 `` but do n't worry about missing work . 
 i 've already been in contact with nicolas . 
 he 's already on his way . 
 you 've actually been asleep with a little extra help from the doc . 
 he wanted to be perfectly sure you would heal completely with no complications , and i wholeheartedly agreed with him . 
 injuries like yours take time to mend , especially for a newborn . 
 i 'm just thankful you came back to us in one piece . 
 that was a hell of a ride you took us on . '' 
 i was relieved to hear my business partner and best friend , nick michaels , was on his way . 
 it would be good to have another ally here , since i had no idea how this was going to play out . 
 `` the whole transition was insane , but i do n't really remember how it went down . '' 
 i corrected myself . 
 `` no , that 's not exactly what i mean . 
 i do have a clear memory of the pain , but for some reason i ca n't remember the actual turning very well . '' 
 my father sat back . 
 `` it 's not uncommon to disengage with your wolf during your first turning . 
 your change was an unexpected , traumatic event . 
 as we discussed , fighting the process can make it excruciating . 
 your wolf likely took over while your human side remained in a shocklike state . 
 it happens . 
 it 's not ideal , but it happens . '' 
 i was mildly surprised by his reaction , but ultimately happy he was n't going to hatch an immediate plan to chain me to a bed until i could master more control . 
 `` it did n't feel like i was in shock , but i guess i could 've been . 
 in the end she toggled something between us and handed me control again . 
 i 'd been a passenger up until that point , but when i finally slid into the driver 's seat , i took one sniff of my injuries and passed out . '' 
 my first tough werewolf moment and i 'd passed out like a champ . 
 my father regarded me quietly for a moment . 
 he ran a single hand through his thick dark hair . 
 it was a gesture of stress , and he did n't do it often . 
 `` well . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` i 'm not sure what happened there , but it can take a wolf many years to master dominion over their wolf . 
 if your wolf willingly handed control back to you , it seems you 're not going to have a problem with mastery . '' 
 he leaned in closer , his eyes alert . 
 `` it 's a sign your human side is strong , and that 's a damn good thing . '' 
 a wolf was required to prove dominion over his inner wolf before being allowed to reenter human society . 
 by instinct your wolf wanted complete control-demanded it . 
 the human side had to be powerful enough to override the wolf 's urges at all times . 
 no exceptions . 
 i bit my bottom lip . 
 that was n't exactly how it 'd happened . 
 i knew i 'd stopped her from killing the farmer , but i had no idea how to do it again if i had to . 
 but i was content to drop it for now , and asked instead , `` how did you know i changed ? 
 how did you find me ? '' 
 i grew up on the compound , so naturally i knew a lot about wolves , but i 'd been kept in the dark about a lot of things too . 
 before my father could answer , my brother bounded into the room . 
 he 'd grown even taller since i 'd seen him last . 
 `` we found you because you stink , and stink is easy to track . '' 
 he dropped himself onto my bed , edging me over without a thought . 
 `` be careful , you big ox . 
 i 'm recovering from a serious injury here . '' 
 i chuckled as i shuffled my barely hurt leg out of his way to make room for him , but it still was n't enough because he was massive and the bed was tiny . 
 `` then you must not be that strong , wimpy girl , because if that was my leg it would be as good as new already . '' 
 he grinned , flashing teeth and dimples . 
 my ever competitor . 
 `` that 's easy for you to say , '' i said . 
 `` you did n't just get your leg almost blown off in a gunfight with an angry farmer . '' 
 i leaned over and gave him a playful shove . 
 he did n't budge an inch . 
 at six foot five , he was built like he was trying out for a spot on the wwe circuit . 
 tyler resembled our father , we both did , except tyler had blond hair instead of our shared darker shade . 
 he 'd also inherited a pair of shameful dimples , also courtesy of our late mother . 
 but the one feature marking us so clearly as siblings was our matching sky blue eyes . 
 `` face it , jess . 
 i 've gotten into a hell of a lot more scrapes than you have , and the next day i 'm always fine , '' tyler said . 
 `` you 're just wimpier because you 're a girl . '' 
 `` yeah , right . 
 remember that time with danny in the mountains ? 
 you had to be carried out on a stretcher . 
 and if i remember correctly , you were out cold for three days straight . '' 
 `` my skull was split open and my brains were leaking out . 
 that hardly constitutes a minor injury . '' 
 `` the last time i checked , getting a leg blown off is not exactly minor either . '' 
 `` oh , please . 
 that '' - he pointed to my hip - `` it 's nothing more than a flesh wound . '' 
 flesh wound my ass , little brother . 
 comprehension lit his face . 
 our shared mental capacity as children had always been tenuous at best , blinking on and off like a loose wire . 
 most of the time it had run unfairly one way-from tyler to me-and when tyler had changed at puberty the connection stopped for good . 
 now it was back . 
 time for a little payback , huh , brother ? 
 `` okay , that 's enough , '' my father ordered . 
 `` tyler , i need you to behave . 
 your sister 's going to need our help ; what 's happened here is unprecedented . 
 we 've managed to dance around the seriousness thus far , but now we need to determine the right course to follow to minimize the fallout . 
 the wolves are restless and we must tread carefully . '' 
 my brother sobered instantly . 
 he took pack business seriously , he always had . 
 at twenty-six , he held an unusually high pack status ; the only other wolf with more status was my father 's second-in-command , james graham , who 'd been by my father 's side for more than a century . 
 tyler had fought a lot of bloody battles to move up so rapidly in the pack ranks . 
 he was a strong wolf and i hoped it ran in the family . 
 my father stood and paced to the end of the bed . 
 `` the wolves know something , but there 's still a good chance they do n't know you 've turned . 
 most are unsure of what they heard last night , because i snapped the line quickly . 
 we 're going to use that to our advantage and try to hold off sharing the news of your shift as long as we can-possibly indefinitely if we 're lucky . '' 
 `` what do you mean , ` what they heard ' ? '' 
 i asked . 
 that did n't sound good . 
 `` a new wolf signals his first shift to the pack . 
 it 's a built-in safety precaution and your wolf sent out that very same alert . '' 
 my father turned to face me . 
 `` at first change , your body triggers a beacon , and hundreds of years ago we found wolves all over scotland and wales exactly like that-wolves who did n't know what they were prior to their first shift . '' 
 `` the whole pack heard my shift ? '' 
 the thought of having a pack of werewolves inside my brain sent a rush of panic racing through me . 
 `` can they hear me right now ? '' 
 i tried to contain the waver in my voice , but it shot around the edges anyway . 
 `` no , they ca n't hear you now , '' my father assured me . 
 `` the pack connection is always established by me first , and by me alone . 
 wolves can not talk internally on their own . 
 you and tyler are a rare exception , which is undoubtedly because of your close blood-bond , and not because of pack . 
 i am the conduit of communication only because i 'm alpha . 
 the alert you sounded was only heard by the pack for a few brief moments . 
 once i realized it was you , i shut it down completely . 
 as of right now , they are n't positive it was you and that runs in our favor . '' 
 he ran his hand through his hair again . 
 `` i can reasonably deny my knowledge of your change without triggering an untruth , because i never saw you . 
 nobody actually saw you in your wolf form , therefore no one knows for sure if you 've changed . 
 if we 're lucky , they 'll think it was a beacon coming from a new wolf in the southern territories , which is a possibility . 
 we 've heard one once before . 
 the distance is a factor , but because it 's happened we can use it . '' 
 the u.s. southern territories controlled everything south of the mason-dixon line down into mexico , my father , everything north into canada . 
 my brother nodded in agreement . 
 making sure my father did n't have to lie to his pack was important . 
 wolves could sense a lie , because the body betrayed itself every time . 
 the heart raced , pupils dilated , and you perspired . 
 my father , being a strong alpha , could mask a lie , but if his wolves questioned him too deeply , his emotions could betray him . 
 `` it 's a relief they ca n't hear me , but they have to be curious why i 'm home in the first place ? 
 i 'm assuming they know i 'm here . '' 
 keeping me a secret on the compound would be too hard . 
 i was n't supposed to be here , i was supposed to be in europe . 
 when i 'd finally departed for good several years ago , i 'd started a new life under the alias molly hannon . 
 the pack was informed jessica mcclain had headed to europe for good . 
 i 'd actually spent a short time overseas recuperating from injuries i 'd sustained fighting just before i 'd left the compound , so it was n't untrue , and it 'd worked like a charm . 
 i 'd come back stateside as molly , and my new life was two hours south of here , in the twin cities , and it had been blissfully uneventful . 
 nobody knew who i was , and i desperately wanted to keep it that way . 
 `` i told them you were in town for a few nights for a rare visit with your brother , and you 'd been staying down in the cities with danny . 
 you arrived on compound late last night , which was purely a coincidence . '' 
 danny walker , my brother 's best friend and another of my few allies . 
 he worked policing the cities ' boundaries for errant wolves , and he was damn good at it . 
 `` and they bought it ? '' 
 `` you have n't been back in seven years . 
 it was time . '' 
 `` when , and if , the news of my shift gets out , it 's going to be hard to convince them i 'm not their enemy after all the years of the cain myth infecting their minds . 
 they 're finally going to have the hard evidence they 've been waiting for to accuse me of bringing down the pack . '' 
 `` your presence here right after the beacon went out is not ideal . '' 
 my father walked across the room . 
 `` any extra time we obtain will allow me to ready the pack to better handle the news . 
 some of the wolves have cooled their position on you over the last few years , but finding out your new status as a full-blooded wolf is going to shake their beliefs once again . '' 
 he turned at the stairway . 
 `` i 'm heading back out to talk to them now . 
 after your breakfast , and doc has finished his testing , we meet in the main lodge to discuss the next step . '' 
 tyler patted his hand on my knee as he stood . 
 `` do n't worry , jess . 
 we 'll figure this out . 
 and for the record , i do n't think you 're a freak at all . '' 
 um , thanks ? 
 3 after scarfing down the most food i 'd ever eaten in one sitting , i went through a battery of tests involving every spare tissue sample i could part with . 
 `` i told you , i 'm fine . 
 i do n't need these . '' 
 i was perched on the edge of the bed , wiggling a needless pair of crutches in my hands . 
 `` my leg feels great . '' 
 dr. jace stood next to me , scrutinizing my every move . 
 `` watch . '' 
 i bent my leg and extended it . 
 `` see , it works just fine . 
 no pain . '' 
 i 'd changed into an old pair of pajama pants and an ancient radiohead t-shirt of mine someone had scrounged from my old bedroom at the main lodge . 
 as my pajama leg eased up , i caught a glimpse of the thick dark hair coating my once cleanly shaven leg and stifled a gag . 
 `` and , um , other than all this gross hair , i 'm totally good . '' 
 no amount of money could make me look under my arms . 
 my eyes had remained firmly closed . 
 apparently after a full change , your hair came back . 
 all of it . 
 `` you will use these for now . '' 
 doc nodded toward the crutches . 
 `` if you prove to be better later , well then , we will reevaluate at that time . '' 
 a head of lettuce would 've been easier to convince , so i took the damn things and stuffed them under my arms as i stood . 
 the walk from the infirmary to the house i 'd grown up in was a short distance across a nicely manicured lawn . 
 no one else was out , likely on my father 's orders . 
 this spring had been unusually rainy and the grass was a bright , startling green . 
 the lodge , as it was affectionately known , had been built in the late '30s and had served as the northern territories home base ever since . 
 the worn red cedar plank floors were a welcome sight as i entered . 
 doc stepped in ahead of me . 
 `` jessica , would you care for another cup of coffee or perhaps some tea ? '' 
 `` coffee would be great . 
 thank you . '' 
 he veered toward the kitchen and i continued into the enormous two-story living area . 
 the fireplace , set with stones quarried directly from the lake , covered the entire eastern wall . 
 it was beautiful , but it was n't as good as what was awaiting me . 
 `` nick ! '' 
 i dropped the crutches without a thought and jumped immediately into his arms . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're here . '' 
 `` easy there , jess . '' 
 nick enveloped me in a big hug , and then stepped back to give me a careful perusal . 
 `` hmm , you do look pretty good . 
 no lingering fur or fluffy ears to speak of , but how 's the leg ? '' 
 `` all healed . '' 
 to prove my point , i slid down the side of my pajama waistband to reveal the top of my hip . 
 the only thing still visible was a slight red discoloration . 
 `` see ? 
 pretty cool , huh ? '' 
 `` that is impressive . '' 
 i pulled him down on the couch beside me . 
 along with being my best friend , nick was a werefox , not a wolf . 
 in the world of shifters , your strength and size matched your animal , so he was n't a huge guy , topping out at around six feet . 
 his father had been first nation canadian , his mother white . 
 he had light copper skin and shaggy dark hair . 
 he was a welcome sight after all the craziness . 
 `` i 'm really glad to see you , '' i told him . 
 nick calmed me in a way no one else could , and he had since we were children . 
 `` this whole thing has been slightly insane . 
 i 'm having trouble believing it actually happened . '' 
 `` well , i 'm just happy you made it through the transition in one piece . '' 
 nick 's eyes were an amazing dark golden color naturally and they lit for a moment with a hint of emotion , making them appear even more brilliant . 
 `` you could 've been killed . '' 
 before i could respond , my father and james graham , his second-in-command , strode in . 
 james wore his standard-issue black t-shirt and camouflage cargos , the same uniform i 'd seen him in my entire life . 
 the ensemble matched his short dark hair and olive skin perfectly , adding a unified blend of menace and strength to his tall frame . 
 james was an impressively large wolf , with a pair of huge shoulders , and would 've stood out in any outfit , but i was glad to see he had n't changed at all . 
 my father acknowledged nick with a quick nod . 
 `` nicolas . '' 
 `` hello , sir , '' nick answered , scrambling to stand . 
 `` how 's your leg , jessica ? '' 
 my father asked as i rose . 
 `` all healed . '' 
 he looked me over for a few seconds , then gave me a quick nod . 
 james approached me . 
 `` it 's good to see you , jessica , '' he said as he encircled my waist in a warm embrace . 
 his rough irish brogue was still infectious after all this time . 
 `` glad to see you are well . '' 
 i gave him a hug . 
 `` it 's been too long , james . '' 
 i smiled as i stepped back . 
 `` far too long . '' 
 he 'd been instrumental in my final departure from the compound seven years ago and i was happy to see him . 
 without his support i might never have left , and it had cemented a bond of friendship between us that had n't existed before . 
 `` let 's head into my office . '' 
 my father strode into an adjacent opening off the living room and disappeared inside . 
 the rest of us followed . 
 as we came in , my father set two chairs in a semicircle in front of the leather couch facing the windows . 
 his office had originally been the old library , and rows of beautifully crafted bookshelves lined the walls . 
 it also had a superb , unobstructed view of the lake . 
 `` jessica , please take a seat on the couch . 
 nicolas , you sit beside her . '' 
 we sat immediately . 
 without needing to be asked , james took the chair next to my father , leaning over and bracing his forearms on his thighs , ready to start the discussion . 
 my father sat straight and imposing . 
 physically he was a few inches shorter than james , but his body held more mass . 
 his strong arms spilled out of his rolled-up dress shirt . 
 my father was always dressed for the occasion . 
 i 'd never seen him run a serious meeting in a t-shirt and jeans . 
 my father was a leader . 
 there was no mistaking it . 
 `` nicolas , '' he began . 
 `` after this briefing i want you to find out everything you can about the rumors circulating in the supernatural community concerning jessica or a recent shift . 
 see if any news has spread outside of this compound . 
 if you find anything out of the ordinary i want to hear about it immediately . '' 
 my father continued , `` that will be your top priority . 
 but for now , let 's start with a replay of what happened early saturday morning when you first arrived at jessica 's apartment . 
 i know you 've already relayed it to me , but i want to hear it again from start to finish . '' 
 he nodded my way . 
 `` and i 'm sure jessica would like to hear what 's happened in her absence . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 nick turned toward me . 
 `` this should be interesting , '' i joked , hoping to ease some of nick 's tension , which smelled like burned toast to my new nose . 
 `` tyler called me around two-thirty a.m. the night you shifted , '' nick said . 
 `` he was worried and thought you were in trouble . 
 i jumped into my car and immediately called marcy , and told her to meet me there . 
 i knew if there 'd been some kind of a disturbance at your place there was a strong chance your neighbors had already called the police . 
 having her there would make things easier . '' 
 `` good thinking , ace , '' i said . 
 that was the best news i 'd heard since i jumped off my three-story balcony . 
 marcy talbot , the secretary at our firm , was a very talented witch , even though she refused to give herself any credit . 
 marcy hated working under pressure , and had the misfortune of constantly misfiring her spells in stressful situations , which kept any coven from accepting her . 
 but when she did perform , it was completely mind-blowing . 
 `` marcy and i arrived at your complex at about the same time , '' nick continued . 
 `` it was a total miracle we made it there before the police . 
 it was a mess and people were milling around all over your hallway . 
 marcy conjured a spell on the spot , something that made everyone think they were needed elsewhere . 
 once they cleared out , we slipped into your place unseen . '' 
 `` go , marcy , '' i said . 
 `` how did the apartment look ? 
 my wolf busted up a lot of stuff trying to get the hell out . '' '' 
 ` busted up ' is on the tame side . '' 
 nick flashed me a cynical grin . 
 `` it looked more like you laid a bunch of c-4 around the place and blew it up . 
 there were piles of demolished furniture everywhere and the floor was trashed with huge gouges . 
 your bedroom was the worst . 
 but we did n't have time to clean it all , because the police sirens were getting close . 
 marcy had a brainstorm to make it look like something busted into the apartment , instead of you jumping out . 
 so she made your sliding glass door look like it had been punched from the outside in . '' 
 i nodded along . 
 `` brilliant . '' 
 `` after that she was almost drained . '' 
 witches needed to refuel when they conjured consecutive spells . 
 `` so we ran back to your bedroom , because we knew it had to be clean or it would 've launched a huge investigation . 
 that much unexplained blood would have to be accounted for . '' 
 `` did you make it ? '' 
 nick nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 she had enough power left to make it look like you had n't been home at all , bed made , everything tidy . '' 
 i murmured , `` perfect . '' 
 `` we barely made it out before the police arrived , but we could n't leave the building without them spotting us , so we ducked into mr. stubbard 's apartment next door . '' 
 nick glanced at my father . 
 `` jess 's neighbor directly to the east . 
 then it was my turn to do a little bespelling of my own . 
 i convinced mr. stubbard to go back to sleep after he let us in . 
 marcy and i stuck around and watched bad tv until the police took off , and that 's it in a nutshell . '' 
 nick possessed the extremely useful gift of mind persuasion . 
 lots of supes had special abilities to go along with their true natures . 
 a power like persuasion usually only worked on weak-minded humans , but was handy to have nonetheless . 
 as far as extra abilities went , my brother was able to run twice as fast as any other wolf , and james could heal in half the time it took anyone else , which was amazing to watch . 
 there were no guarantees you 'd inherit a special gift . 
 it was all a matter of what was already coded in your genes . 
 i was hoping like hell i 'd get one , but i had no idea how long it took for them to surface . 
 `` marcy 's going to need a raise . 
 witches do n't work for free , '' i told nick . 
 `` without her i 'd be completely screwed . 
 it 's going to be hard enough to come up with a statement to give to the police , but this will help immensely . 
 a break-in is much easier to explain than a breakout . '' 
 `` oh , and here 's your phone . '' 
 nick pulled it from his jacket pocket and handed it to me . 
 `` i found it on top of a pile of debris . 
 i just happened to see it on the way out . 
 nobody leaves town without their phone these days . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i took it and tucked it into the waistband of my pajama pants . 
 `` did you happen to see my purse too ? '' 
 nick looked stricken for a moment . 
 `` no , i - '' `` do n't worry , '' i interrupted quickly . 
 `` nick , honestly , you did a perfect job of covering my ass , as usual . 
 guys never have purses on their radar . '' 
 marcy would 've grabbed it if she 'd seen it , i was sure , but it was probably buried underneath a pile of rubble . 
 i glanced to my father . 
 `` do we still have a stockpile of backcountry camping passes ? 
 i 'll use a last-minute overnight camping excursion as my excuse for not being home . '' 
 we were surrounded by deep woods and national forests up here . 
 `` that should n't be a problem , '' my father said . 
 he turned to nick . 
 `` you did an excellent job , nicolas . 
 you 've proven yourself time and time again as an asset to this pack . '' 
 nick bowed his head at the compliment . 
 my father did n't mete them out often . 
 `` the break-in will allow us to take care of the first step with the human police , '' my father said . 
 `` now comes the hard part , and james and i have already discussed some of the possible scenarios . '' 
 he turned toward james . 
 `` there are dangers attached to keeping you here and allowing you to go home . 
 each option gives me pause . '' 
 james picked up the thread , his irish lilt giving it a rough , pleasant texture . 
 `` if you stay here , jessica , i feel it will announce to the pack , in no uncertain terms , that you 've already become a full-blooded wolf . 
 i think it 's an unnecessary risk to take . 
 the wolves here are agitated already . 
 they know they heard something last night . 
 they 're just unsure what it was . 
 if we can possibly keep your shift a secret , and give you a shot of going back to a normal life , we should do that . '' 
 `` there 's one more thing in favor of you heading back home , '' my father added . 
 `` anyone in the supernatural community who had an idle suspicion that jessica mcclain was really molly hannon will be on high alert . 
 they will be looking for you to be missing . 
 if molly disappears , right as rumors of jessica mcclain turning into a wolf surface , you might never be able to go back to that life , and preserving your alias is a high priority . 
 it would be extremely hard to give you another identity at this point . 
 supes are tricky , and many are familiar with you from your chosen line of work . '' 
 he held his tongue , but i knew what he wanted to say-that i 'd been reckless and made poor choices regarding my career path , and as it sat right now he 'd be right . 
 it 'd been a tough battle to convince him to let me involve myself in the supe community in the first place , but after i ended my short stint as a police officer , i had only a few options left open that made any sense . 
 in the end , and likely against his good judgment , he 'd allowed nick and me to open hannon and michaels investigations , with the understanding that i would act solely as nick 's essential , his human companion , and we would take only low-risk cases . 
 it 'd worked , and now i was on the brink of losing my hard-fought-for life . 
 it scared me . 
 `` letting you go back to your life until we see how this unfolds may be the safest place for you . 
 but i do n't like it , '' he growled . 
 `` keeping you here under lock and key is what my gut is telling me to do . '' 
 `` if news of my shift leaked today , how many wolves do you think would actually be a serious threat to me right out of the gates ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my father studied me closely . 
 `` out of the hundred and fifty-nine wolves under my immediate directive , not including outlying canadian or alaskan wolves , i believe there are only a few-ten to twelve at most-who still hold tightly to the belief that you will bring about the ruination of the pack if you become full blooded . 
 the majority are undecided , but could be swayed quickly if the loudest of the opposition gained momentum before we were able to shut it down . 
 i do n't want to worry you any more than necessary , but this morning the cain myth resurfaced on several u.s. pack sites . 
 it could be a coincidence , it does come up once in a while , but it 's likely tied to the unease . 
 we have n't figured out where it was generated from this time , but we 're working on it . '' 
 `` already ? '' 
 i exhaled the breath i 'd been holding . 
 `` that ca n't be good . '' 
 `` in this instant age of technology , '' my father shook his head , `` i have no way to stop it . 
 it infuriates the hell out of me , but it proves beyond a doubt there 's already speculation and unrest within our own ranks , and getting you back to your old life and out of danger is an absolute priority . 
 if we can stop the momentum and keep your shift under wraps , we have a chance to calm the uprising ; if not , we may possibly have a civil war on our hands . 
 it 's my job as pack leader to keep that from happening at all costs . '' 
 the goddamn cain myth . 
 a few nonsensical verses typed on a plain sheet of paper had shaped my entire existence . 
 the myth had been mailed to the compound with no postmark exactly one month after my birth . 
 whether it carried an ounce of truth had never mattered . 
 it had achieved its goal from the start-to seed unrest inside the pack , while ruining my life in the process . 
 i knew the lines by heart . 
 they were etched in my mind permanently , like a bad stain : as a female in wolf skin rises , the unborn daughter of cain is born ; in her the beast shall lie , well hidden in true form ; and from this day forth , the wolves of the night shall pay ; blood and flesh of their bones , her mighty hand shall slay ; the end of the race will be close at hand ; when the daughter of evil rules the land . 
 did i believe i was the daughter of cain ? 
 of course not . 
 but fear was a powerful motivator , especially for the extremely superstitious wolves . 
 when the cain myth arrived , i 'd been told it sent the wolves into a frenzy , many calling for my father to end my life . 
 it 'd taken a few years to quell that unrest , but the myth had lingered , rearing its ugly head throughout my childhood , causing never-ending trouble for me . 
 things had finally leveled off , but only because i had n't shifted into a wolf at puberty , and ultimately i 'd fought my way off the compound . 
 out of sight , out of mind . 
 now i was back . 
 `` it ca n't be a coincidence , '' i muttered . 
 if our entire history was n't structured around myths and legends , and wolves were n't the most superstitious beings on the planet , my life would 've been a hell of a lot easier . 
 my father cleared his throat . 
 `` the wolves can speculate all they want , but until they have absolute verification-which can only come from me-they will continue to be unsure , which is why i 'm leaning toward sending you back . 
 but honestly , jessica , not having you near me , not being able to protect you myself , goes against every fiber of my being . '' 
 i scooted to the edge of the couch . 
 `` dad , listen . '' 
 i touched his leg . 
 the contact felt good . 
 `` this is the right thing to do . 
 i know it 's going to be a rough road , and things are uncertain , but i have to at least try to salvage my life . 
 if i stay here , there 's still no guarantee of my safety . 
 you ca n't hold my hand or lock me in my room forever , and with the wolves on edge it 's better for me to leave now . 
 we have to give it a chance . '' 
 my father stared at me for a long time . 
 then he turned to james , and without words they made a silent agreement . 
 `` okay , we 'll give it a chance . '' 
 his words held a solemn note . 
 `` but i 'm not sending you back without adequate protection . '' 
 i nodded , accepting his decision . 
 having bodyguards would likely be my new norm from now on . 
 i could live with that . 
 he straightened in his seat . 
 now that we had a plan , it was time to delegate . 
 `` nicolas will take you home immediately , '' he said . 
 `` tyler and james will follow you down shortly . 
 danny is already there , and i 'll put him and his team on high alert within the city limits . 
 it 's my feeling we will know within a few days what the fallout will look like . 
 i will be in contact with you daily . '' 
 i took a breath . 
 `` i completely understand the need for backup , especially now , '' i said carefully . 
 `` but like you said , if anyone suspects molly hannon is jessica mcclain , now would be the perfect time to snoop around in my life . 
 if they spot wolves near my building , we can bank on trouble sooner rather than later . 
 molly hannon is n't known to entertain wolves . '' 
 in fact , nobody entertained werewolves . 
 they were an elusive bunch , with a hefty dose of superiority . 
 they did n't mix well with others . 
 my father gave me a hard look and answered me briskly . 
 `` james will stay at the safe house . 
 if you are in danger , he can be there in less than two minutes . 
 if you 're on an assignment , i expect you to let james or your brother know . 
 if you 're not with nicolas , you will take one of them with you . 
 no exceptions . 
 tyler will be in charge of all security operations and will be your link back to us . 
 you will keep in contact with him throughout your day . 
 this is the only option , so i 'd suggest you take it . '' 
 i took it . 
 4 tyler was in the kitchen . 
 a stack of sandwiches waited neatly on the counter , along with some coffee to go . 
 i 'd never gotten my cup from the good doctor before the meeting had started . 
 nick and i picked up the drinks and snatched a few sandwiches and followed tyler out the door . 
 my father and james had already gone to deal with the other wolves , and our plan was to get out of here as quickly as possible . 
 i licked my lips . 
 `` i 'm hungry every five seconds , is this normal ? '' 
 i took a huge bite . 
 jesus . 
 ham and cheese had never tasted this good . 
 it was like it was laced with some kind of supernatural msg . 
 `` get used to having an appetite . '' 
 tyler chuckled . 
 `` wolves eat a lot . '' 
 `` i can get down with eating a lot , '' i mumbled around a full mouth . 
 `` but it 's not that-it 's like superfood . 
 it tastes so much better . 
 the cheese is actually ... cheesier . '' 
 nick laughed , but it sounded more like a snort . 
 `` those are your new and improved taste buds in action . 
 not only do they work better , but now you have more of them . 
 but be careful , because when you bite into something nasty , it 's like licking the bottom of a garbage pail . '' 
 we headed toward the main driveway . 
 i had nothing to pack , since my departure had been a tad unplanned . 
 we rounded the final curve in the lawn , and to my surprise a couple of wolves , in human form , were waiting for us at the edge of the lawn , where the parking lot started . 
 tyler 's voice rang in my brain . 
 hold tight . 
 that 's hank and stuart . 
 he slowed his pace , and nick and i followed his lead . 
 what the hell are they doing out here ? 
 they 're supposed to stay in the commons until after you leave . 
 those two have been the most suspicious since everyone learned you were back . 
 that 's hardly a shocker , i replied . 
 my main enemies-at-camp are suspicious ? 
 i wonder why ? 
 hank lauder and his son stuart had been against me since day one . 
 hank was nearly as old as my father , but he 'd only been a member of this pack for the last twenty years . 
 before that he 'd been a pack wolf in the southern territories , but had been expelled for some reason unknown to me . 
 hank was strong and loud , and had led the biggest initiative against me when i 'd lived on compound , riling up the younger wolves and maneuvering them in line to do his dirty work , which ranged from foul taunts to fist throwing . 
 if anyone would be pointing the finger , it would naturally be hank . 
 my brother 's voice filtered into my mind again . 
 none of the wolves are sure what 's going on , including these two , but they are n't as stupid as they look . 
 there 's no one on earth i despise more than hank lauder . 
 he made my life a living hell while i was here . 
 as we closed the gap , i could tell by their dour faces they were n't going to buy any of our excuses . 
 we 're going to have to be careful not to give anything away . 
 hank 's nostrils flared as we came to a stop . 
 `` you smell different , '' he accused , not wasting any time . 
 the charming southern drawl should 've sounded like a good ol' boy full of apple pie , but instead it was like a pie full of buzzing wasps . 
 `` kinda like a werewolf , but somehow off '' - he inhaled again , tasting - `` more like a mongrel bitch in heat . '' 
 well , that was a pretty picture . 
 without my consent , my fight-or-flight response flew to the surface as adrenaline rushed through me , spurred on by the strong scent of hank 's aggression . 
 my muscles began to twitch inside the tight wrapper of my skin and my nerve impulses sparked like a million tiny fireworks . 
 shit . 
 i had no idea if i 'd be able to stay in control or if my wolf would fight me for it . 
 i could n't handle a battle for dominion right now , not to mention i was n't supposed to give myself away to these two losers . 
 i forced myself to take a step backward . 
 fight . 
 my wolf flexed in my mind , pushing for control . 
 i curled my fingers into fists , crushing the empty foam coffee cup into tiny bits . 
 with effort i steeled away the urge to hand hank his ass on a platter . 
 my nails dug into my palms . 
 it was all i could do to keep myself under control . 
 down , girl , i hissed . 
 this is n't the time or the place . 
 if we fight hank , we lose everything . 
 i stood my ground , but the power was dizzying . 
 she pushed back with the force of a tornado . 
 hank 's eyes widened with a hint of surprise , but he recovered quickly . 
 `` yep , just like a dog in heat . '' 
 he forced a chuckle through his clenched teeth . 
 `` but not a true werewolf , because no self-respecting wolf would stink like that . '' 
 he was playing me for dominance . 
 it was his wolf 's natural instinct . 
 i knew it . 
 he knew it . 
 we all knew it . 
 whether or not he thought i was a wolf at this point did n't matter . 
 this was a stressful situation , and a wolf like hank emitted dominance constantly , always fearful of losing his place in the pecking order . 
 unlike james and tyler , who had solidified their dominance by sheer force , earning respect and ensuring other wolves were wary of a fight they were n't likely to win . 
 a wolf could sense power , and the rites of passage in this race were fierce . 
 fighting for status happened on a regular basis . 
 pack dynamics were fluid and only one constant remained : the weak fell below and the strong rose above . 
 i exhaled on a shallow breath and clarity struck like an arrow . 
 if hank and i fought right now , i would win . 
 no contest . 
 it did n't matter if hank was older and stronger . 
 it did n't matter if his status was rightfully above mine . 
 i knew . 
 the rush of the knowledge tipped the emotional scales to my wolf and a slow smile crept over my face before i could stop it . 
 without being totally aware of what i was doing , i brought my head up , my eyes at half-mast as i let the ecstasy of my new wolf wash over me . 
 the power was a drug . 
 and i liked it . 
 my eyes pinned hank 's shit-eating grin with a glare , and as the smirk fell from his face it sent a new jolt of adrenaline racing though my veins , the impact hitting me so hard my fingers exploded in sensation , my nails expanding to sharp points in the time it took to take a breath . 
 for a wolf , holding eye contact was the ultimate challenge . 
 my gaze did n't falter . 
 something brushed against my brain and my brother 's voice held mild panic . 
 hey , eeeasy there , bonnie . 
 no need to start slinging your guns just yet . 
 you need to back the f ** k down right now . 
 do you hear what i 'm telling you ? 
 this has already gone way too far . 
 you 're not even supposed to be a full-blooded wolf , remember ? 
 you need to back off ! 
 says who ? 
 i half slurred . 
 hank held my stare with defiance , his eyes flashing amber . 
 half a beat later they blazed full yellow . 
 my brother stepped into my shoulder , jostling me . 
 snap out of it ! 
 drop your stare . 
 let him be . 
 you 're not supposed to be a wolf ! 
 this is typical status behavior , and if hank pulls you in , you can kiss your freedom goodbye . 
 lower your goddamn gaze ! 
 act like it 's a mistake and you have no idea what you 're doing . 
 i tore my eyes from hank . 
 my wolf howled inside my mind and i quaked with the need to finish the fight , but there was no other choice , it had to end . 
 tyler was right , fighting now would be like showing my royal flush before everyone had a chance to place their bets . 
 i took another step backward , trying hard to fasten a chastened look on my face . 
 i kept my eyes averted , skittering over hank 's smug smile and over to stuart , hank 's only son , looking positively gleeful at my sudden withdrawal . 
 breaking eye contact first suggested a weakness that went against every grain in my new body . 
 my wolf snarled in my mind . 
 not here , i scolded . 
 we ca n't fight . 
 it was totally crazy , but i could hear her in my mind clearly , separate from me , yet the same . 
 out of the corner of my eye , hank crossed his arms , menace emanating off him in noxious waves . 
 now what ? 
 i asked my brother . 
 my fingers twitched as the smell of a challenge hung in the air . 
 it had a sharp tang to it , like something bitter mixed with smoke . 
 my nails slid back to normal . 
 my wolf was holding back , but just by a hair . 
 she was taut , ready to pounce , still itching for a fight . 
 `` see you later , bitch , '' hank said , turning abruptly on his heel and starting up the hill , stuart following behind like a puppy . 
 way to go , jess . 
 tyler sighed once they were gone . 
 you did a superb job of riling up the natives , just like we said we were n't going to do . 
 god only knows what they 're going to think . 
 there 's no way hank does n't suspect you 're a wolf now . 
 but at least he thinks you 're weak . 
 i expelled a long frustrated breath , still trying to calm my wolf . 
 i know . 
 i totally blew it . 
 damn it . 
 i just could n't get a hold of it . 
 this crazy emotion shot up out of nowhere . 
 then there were all these smells and it was confusing . 
 i wanted to fight . 
 it took everything i had to rein her in . 
 next time i 'm not even sure i 'll be able to . 
 it made me nervous to think of having something inside me i could n't control , some sort of loose cannon that could go off at any moment . 
 i hoped my father was n't making a mistake not chaining me to the bed . 
 well , if it makes you feel any better , it took me a hell of a lot longer to control my own wolf . 
 it was a bastard of a fight and still can be . 
 given the circumstances , i guess i can say you did a better job than i would 've in your position . 
 hell , i wanted to rip hank 's head off . 
 i chuckled , feeling slightly relieved . 
 thanks , little brother . 
 harrumph . 
 it was more than time to get the hell out of here . 
 `` man , jess , '' nick said as we took off in his honda . 
 `` the smell coming off of you back there was toxic . 
 it was like pure adrenaline mixed with rage . 
 i 've never smelled anything so strange in my life . '' 
 he shook his head and glanced at me from behind the wheel . 
 `` i honestly did n't think we were going to make it out of there in one piece . 
 did you see the look on hank 's face ? '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i laid my head back against the headrest and shut my eyes . 
 `` honestly , if it 'd come to blows , hank would 've torn my head off and asked questions later . 
 i have no idea what i was thinking . 
 for a moment there my wolf thought she 'd win , but he 's hundreds of years my senior . 
 i did n't have a chance of winning , even though my wolf was absolutely positive we would . '' 
 i rubbed my hands over my face . 
 `` ugh , how is he not going to think i 'm a wolf now ? 
 apparently i stink like one-or at least stink like something awful-and we both know no human can rile up a wolf like that on their own . 
 i 'm so screwed . '' 
 `` it 's true , you smell , but you do n't exactly smell like a wolf . 
 that works in your favor . 
 hank wo n't know for sure based on smell alone . 
 and , on a positive note , at least you 're not going to be some loser werewolf , '' nick mused . 
 `` going head-to-head with hank lauder takes some serious gonads . 
 if he faced me like that , i 'd likely just piss myself and run away . '' 
 `` we can pick you up some depends on the way home . '' 
 i chuckled , turning to check the backseat . 
 someone had placed a small tent , a sleeping bag , and a backpack , along with a back-country pass , on the seat . 
 i turned to nick . 
 `` do you think whoever 's in charge of my apartment investigation will buy the whole last-minute camping story ? '' 
 `` it depends on who 's assigned to the case . '' 
 i was not a fan favorite on the police force by any means . 
 `` god , i hope it 's not ray . '' 
 i ran my hands down my legs . 
 i was fidgeting with a nervous energy , coming down from my adrenaline high . 
 the twitchiness was bugging me , but i could n't help it . 
 `` that would be the single worst thing that could happen . 
 we do n't need to pile any more stress on top of this already stressful situation . '' 
 i was starved again and felt like i could sleep for a week . 
 my stomach let out an embarrassing howl . 
 time to focus on something else . 
 i fished my phone out of my pajama waistband , where i 'd stashed it back at the meeting . 
 then i stopped , glancing down at my lap , phone in hand . 
 and i started to laugh . 
 before this very second i had n't realized i 'd just had a show-down with an extremely dominant wolf in faded pink plaid pajama pants . 
 `` aarrrgghh , '' i sputtered between breaths , my laughs sounding like manic hiccups . 
 i clutched my stomach , bending forward . 
 i 'd just gone up against a powerful werewolf in grungy pajama pants and an old ripped t-shirt . 
 `` oh ... my gods ... oh ... my ... '' i hacked between gasps . 
 `` you going to let me in on the joke ? '' 
 nick glanced at me from the driver 's seat . 
 `` it looks awfully funny . '' 
 `` there 's ... no ... joke , '' i managed . 
 `` i promise . 
 the insanity of the whole situation finally ... just got to me . '' 
 i laughed again . 
 `` whew , i feel better now . 
 i had to release it somehow , or it was going to eat me alive . '' 
 i wheezed . 
 `` and speaking of eating , can we please pull over and grab some takeout ? 
 i 'm freaking starving . '' 
 more giggles . 
 `` anything you need , jess . '' 
 nick grinned . 
 `` would n't want you to crack too soon , because whether you like it or not , this is just the beginning . '' 
 that was comforting . 
 it took me well over an hour and several big macs to fully calm myself . 
 i 'd dug a pair of jean shorts out of the backpack and managed to squeeze myself into them in the bathroom . 
 it was a damn good thing daisy dukes were back in . 
 the shorts were old and tight , but at least they were n't plaid . 
 i 'd happily dumped my pajamas in the garbage can on the way out and prayed my hairy legs were n't going to overly offend anyone 's delicate sensibilities in the restaurant . 
 the crowd inside had n't appeared to be overly grossed out and i 'd made double sure i did n't stick out by ordering my food in an affected european accent . 
 my talents were vast , and europeans loved their hair . 
 nick eyed my legs as i climbed back into the car , his one eyebrow arching perfectly above a dark golden eye . 
 `` forgot to pack your razor ? '' 
 `` shut it . '' 
 i plucked my phone from the center console where i 'd left it . 
 `` hey , do you have a phone charger in here ? 
 this thing is dead . '' 
 nick pointed to the glove box and i fished out a charger . 
 we always bought the cheapest phones at hannon and michaels , since we tended to break them on a monthly basis . 
 the bad guys never cared if your pockets were full when they trounced you . 
 i plugged my phone in , gave it a quick moment to gather some charge , and powered it on . 
 `` are you going to call the pd now ? '' 
 nick asked as he nosed us back onto the highway . 
 `` or wait until you see the damage for yourself first ? '' 
 `` i 'm actually hoping there 's a call from pete on here . 
 i 'm sure word spread through the precinct once my address came through , and pete should 've noticed fairly quickly . 
 i definitely want a heads-up to who 's in charge of the case before we get back , and i 'm still crossing my fingers like crazy it is n't ray hart . '' 
 pete spencer was the only supe i knew of on the human police force . 
 or at least the only one i 'd ever detected . 
 i 'd never been very good at picking out other supernaturals when i had n't been one ; they were good at blending in . 
 pete was an avian shifter and a damn good beat cop . 
 he knew me as molly hannon , a human essential who used to be a cop who now worked for a supe . 
 he 'd kept his distance from me on the force , but once nick and i had started our p.i. firm , we 'd set up an information swap to benefit both of us . 
 i 'd just helped him on a case , providing him with information on a group of pain-in-the-ass juvenile sorcerers who 'd been causing trouble around town . 
 he owed me , and if he had information , i knew it would already be on my phone . 
 once i got a signal , i keyed in voicemail and punched in my codes . 
 i had seven new messages . 
 the first one was from my building super , jeff arnold , a low-budget guy who got by without doing much of anything . 
 `` um , hi , molly , this is jeff . 
 just wanted to tell you your apartment is kind of trashed . 
 there was some kind of break-in . 
 so call me if you need anything ... '' click . 
 the next message was from nick , who did a great job sounding alarmed and worried . 
 i glanced at him with the phone pressed to my ear and gave him the thumbs-up , knowing he could hear every word . 
 `` i know i 'm the bomb . '' 
 nick grinned . 
 `` how many times can i save your ass ? 
 lem me count the ways . 
 one ... '' i rolled my eyes . 
 the next call came from my landlord , nathan dunn , which surprised me . 
 i 'd only met him once about a year after i 'd moved in . 
 i guess if your apartment gets ransacked , you have a vested interest , but i was still surprised by a personal call . 
 `` hello , ms. hannon , this is nathan dunn , the owner of your building . 
 i 'm calling regarding your break-in last night , and am hoping this message finds you in good health . 
 the police have informed me that you were out of your apartment at the time of the burglary . '' 
 they were calling it a burglary . 
 my first piece of good news . 
 `` that was very fortunate . 
 the damage seems to be ... in the extreme . 
 please let me know when the apartment will be available for cleanup . 
 i 'll send my carpenters over at your first convenience . 
 i am anxious to get this fixed , as i 'm sure you are as well . '' 
 i raised my brows . 
 nick shrugged . 
 the next call was from marcy . 
 she sounded panicked , which was likely genuine . 
 marcy talbot loved her routine more than the queen loved her tea , and even the smallest upset put a serious wrinkle in her demeanor . 
 she was the only gal pal i 'd ever had-or even toyed with having . 
 we did n't do sleepovers or get pedicures , but there was a connection there . 
 she ended her call with , '' ... and if you ever scare me like that again , i 'll make your life a living hell . 
 you can count on it , princess . '' 
 click . 
 the next call was from my neighbor juanita perez , a fifty-something latina divorcee who 'd never quite gotten the hint , like everyone else in my apartment building , that i despised small talk . 
 instead , she behaved quite the opposite . 
 `` hola , chica , '' her heavily accented spanish stretched across the phone line , then dropped to a rough whisper . 
 `` dees is juanita perez , jour neighbor here . 
 somteen baaad has happened . 
 the police , they tell me you are not at home when the crashing and the banging start , but i know you are still in there . 
 i hear you come home in the night , but i weel not tell . 
 i weel keep it quiet from them . 
 since they did not find you in there , i theenk you must get away anyway . 
 i keep jour secret , but oh , chica , the damage , it es sooo much . 
 i weel pray for you . '' 
 click . 
 i pressed lucky number seven to erase her message from my phone forever . 
 then made a mental note to thank her by buying some of that patron tequila she always talked about . 
 maybe then she 'd forget she ever made this call . 
 though having a neighbor who would gladly lie to the police for me , without my asking , was definitely a huge bonus . 
 juanita could be a thorn in my conversational side , but now i knew for sure she had my back . 
 if anything , this phone call should teach me to be a better neighbor . 
 it paid off . 
 the next call was the one i 'd been hoping for , and pete 's voice came on the line calm and precise as usual . 
 `` molly , it 's pete . 
 looks like there was some trouble at your place over the weekend . '' 
 i could hear him in the background shuffling papers . 
 `` it says here you were n't at home during the time of the ... assault . '' 
 he read off the page , `` bed was made , no sign of struggle , blood in your living room , rope fragments on the balcony . 
 lots of speculation here . 
 looks like the place was roughed up quite a bit , possibly by someone 's ... pet ? '' 
 i could hear the surprise in his voice . 
 the police would n't have a good way to explain the massive amounts of fur or the gouged claw marks all over my floors . 
 bringing your pet to a crime scene was highly unusual . 
 anyone with a brain would know that the fur samples taken from my apartment could be matched to their pet exactly , making them guilty . 
 pete continued in his monotone . 
 `` your purse was found at the scene , but you were mia . 
 looks here like a call to your office found you were ... camping ? '' 
 the inflection in his voice showed this piece of information was still under speculation by all . 
 `` ray 's got your case . 
 call me . '' 
 click . 
 `` oh , for f ** ksake ! '' 
 i yelled , throwing the phone onto the dashboard in disgust . 
 `` just drive straight to jail and drop me off . 
 if ray 's on the case it 's not going to be a fair investigation anyway , so we may as well save the taxpayers some money . '' 
 anyone but raymond hart and i 'd have a shot of talking my way out of this mess . 
 i glanced at nick and he shook his head in sympathy . 
 `` is it too much to ask to get someone who does n't have a wicked vendetta against me to take the case ? '' 
 `` apparently it is , '' nick answered . 
 `` do you really think he 'd pass up the opportunity to nail you to the wall ? 
 he probably had to trade all his good cases in order to get your crappy one . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i do n't know why i was dumb enough to think he would n't do exactly that . 
 of course he 'd want this case . 
 he can use it as his final grandstand against me . '' 
 ray hart hated me . 
 if he could finally prove i was the dope freak he thought i was , or at the very least engaged in something highly illegal , it would make his whole existence . 
 i 'd unwittingly become his number one focus during my short eighteen months on the police force . 
 in hindsight , joining the pd had been the most foolish vocation i could 've ever chosen . 
 but i 'd been young and eager to show the world what i had to offer , and unfortunately , even though i had n't been full blooded , i 'd still been a female born to an enhanced gene pool , which meant i could run faster than any of my human male counterparts , jump higher , lift more than i should be able to , and to top it off , i had better instincts . 
 according to raymond hart , the only rational explanation for `` stunts like that '' was my being a total crackhead or speed junkie . 
 i must 've been doped up on some kind of a superdrug to perform feats like that , and even though i 'd willingly subjected myself to multiple drug tests , and worked actively on my defense-in the end , the only option left for me was to quit . 
 but it 'd been too late to shake ray . 
 after i 'd departed from the police force , along with nick , who had joined with me , ray had kept me in his sights . 
 for reasons unbeknownst to me , he was n't willing to let it go . 
 there were rumors he still took home police footage of me in unexplainable situations , either clearing a six-foot fence with relative ease , or of me explaining how i tracked a perp to an undisclosed location with nothing but my eyes and ears to guide me . 
 the man was irrationally obsessed , which was a dangerous thing for him to be , especially in light of my recent lifestyle changes . 
 i glanced at my phone on the dashboard , laying where i 'd tossed it . 
 `` there 's one more message on my phone , '' i said . 
 `` it said i had seven , but i only listened to six . '' 
 i knew without having to check it was ray . 
 i glanced over at the driver 's seat . 
 `` i 'm going to have to listen to it , are n't i ? '' 
 `` if you want a decent heads-up , you do . 
 if not , feel free to let it go . '' 
 i reluctantly plucked my phone off the dashboard . 
 `` i need some alcohol for this . '' 
 nick laughed . 
 `` sorry , but all the jack is at home . '' 
 ray 's tenor spread like oil into my eardrum . 
 `` hannon , it 's hart . 
 by now you should know your apartment has been trashed by someone and their goddamn pet . 
 you appear to be camping . '' 
 he let that one sit for a second , his glee prickling me through the phone . 
 `` when you get your ass out from wherever you are , call me . 
 i need a formal statement . 
 no more f ** king around . '' 
 click . 
 that was it . 
 a good cop knew a crime like this one was personal , and unfortunately ray was a good cop . 
 nobody trashed your furniture and personal possessions except a scorned lover , a drug dealer you owed serious money to , or a sick bastard with a vendetta-and they 'd brought their pet , no less . 
 who brings their animal to a premeditated crime ? 
 the only thing running in my favor , the one thing casting a shadow of doubt on the investigation and my possible connection to it , was thanks to the talented marcy . 
 my most personal space , my bedroom , had been left intact . 
 the place you lay your head is the first place someone goes for revenge . 
 damn , i was really going to have to pay her more . 
 `` ray 's never going to buy that a stranger did that to your place , '' nick said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i ran my hands through my hair . 
 `` the only solution is to continue with the personal angle . 
 we 'll have to dig up a former pissed-off target who had motive to break into my house-which should n't be too hard . 
 there was n't an actual burglary , so there 'll be no need to press formal charges . '' 
 `` and will this mystery person we dig up happen to have a pet whose fur matches the samples taken from your apartment exactly ? '' 
 nick chuckled . 
 `` ray 's not going to back off that easily . 
 i 'm sure he 'll be lurking in your hallway for the next year until this is solved to his liking . 
 he 's a bloodhound . 
 you have n't given him a whiff of anything in five solid years , and now you just dumped the best load of crap ever into his lap . '' 
 `` ugh , i know . '' 
 i gave nick a sideways smirk . 
 `` but if he does n't back down eventually , i can just beat him up with my new guns . '' 
 i brought my arms up and flexed my biceps . 
 they did n't seem any firmer than usual , but i knew they 'd inflict a hell of a lot more damage now if applied correctly-and i planned on applying them very correctly . 
 `` or i could grow some fur , or take a swipe at him with my new , handy-dandy claws . '' 
 i wiggled my fingertips . 
 the claws were n't out , but it was cool to know they were there somewhere . 
 `` those would be ... effective tactics . '' 
 nick chortled . 
 `` if you were insane . 
 and i 'm sure there would n't be any consequences if you chose to go that route . '' 
 i sighed . 
 of course there 'd be plenty of repercussions , but the real problem was none of them would really affect me in the long run . 
 now that i was pack , i had a secret to guard and pack would enforce it without thought . 
 if ray kept digging his nose where it did n't belong , the pack would have no problem taking care of him-permanently . 
 i hated the guy , but i was n't ready to sign his death warrant . 
 `` i 'll just have to soldier on without my new muscles , '' i said , reconciling myself to my boring fate . 
 `` i 've got the camping bags and the passes . 
 it 's weak , but it should hold and cast enough doubt into my involvement , which is all i 'll need in the end . 
 i 'll just have to find a scorned lover who has a penchant for big dogs . '' 
 nick smiled wryly at me . 
 `` i 'm sure that wo n't be a problem , jess . 
 it just so happens we have a lot of big dogs to choose from . '' 
 now it was my turn to snort . 
 `` we ca n't frame a werewolf , and none of them would cooperate on their own anyway . 
 they 'd just as soon have me thrown behind bars so they did n't have to deal with me . 
 not that a jail cell could hold me anymore . '' 
 i grinned . 
 that was pretty sweet . 
 i picked up my phone and dialed ray . 
 it was better not to put off the inevitable . 
 it went to voicemail , which was a small victory . 
 `` ray , i 'm on my way back into town . 
 should be hitting the city in two hours , '' i said . 
 `` see you then . '' 
 i had no doubt he would be waiting in my hallway in one and a half . 
 5 ray hart had one shoulder braced against the wall , both his arms loosely folded in front of him like he did n't give a shit how long he had to wait . 
 to a passerby out on the street , he would 've appeared to be waiting patiently for his wife to finish up her shopping so they could catch a movie . 
 except , of course , he was n't married and probably had n't seen a movie since rambo hit the big screen . 
 i was n't fooled . 
 ray was just under six feet tall with a full head of steel-colored hair . 
 it was cut close to the scalp in a style that would 've been military if he 'd ever joined up . 
 he had mean muscle , the kind that looked beefy and aggressive . 
 his square jaw matched his thick eyebrows perfectly . 
 he wore plain clothes , a pair of dark khaki pants , and a blue dress shirt , and his hazel eyes bored directly into mine as i walked down the hallway . 
 i had to hide my grin , since ray 's easy stance was in direct contrast to the foul odor he was emitting . 
 if the strong scent of leftover curry , the garbage that needed immediate emptying , or the stale smell of uncirculated air was n't enough-the smell of ray could 've knocked me over on its own . 
 he reeked like a potent mix of satisfaction laced with heavy aggression , and it blew into my nose like a leaf blower aimed straight at my face . 
 this man was not going to accept any of the bullshit i 'd planned to dish out . 
 i had to come up with plan b. ray exaggerated a look past me , bending his head forward , like he 'd expected me to arrive with someone else . 
 when he saw no one behind me he feigned surprise . 
 but i was alone on purpose . 
 both nick and i agreed it would be better if he stayed out of this for now . 
 ray knew nick and i were partners . 
 he knew where to find him . 
 i plastered on my best smile and sauntered up to him without dropping my eyes . 
 with the sarcasm he 'd be expecting , i dripped , `` hello , ray . '' 
 i adjusted my hold on the backpack and shifted the sleeping bag i carried in my arms . 
 i 'd rubbed dirt on my clothes at the last pit stop , to add to the authenticity , but the hair on my legs and the pungent sweat was completely mine alone . 
 no need to up that ante . 
 `` it 's so nice to see you again . 
 it 's been a little too long in between stalkings . 
 i 've missed our happy fun time . '' 
 `` cut the crap , hannon , '' he said . 
 `` looks like you got yourself into some serious trouble this time . 
 care to explain ? '' 
 he levered himself away from the wall in one clean movement , his eyes flickering over my ensemble with little interest . 
 `` ray , you know perfectly well i ca n't explain something i have n't seen yet . 
 i just arrived back in town from the wilderness five seconds ago . 
 from what i 've heard , someone took advantage of my absence and trashed my apartment . '' 
 ray crossed his arms . 
 `` that 's a convenient way to look at it . '' 
 `` gim me a break , ray . '' 
 i dropped my bags by the door and gave him my best pissy look . 
 `` you know damn well in my line of work i make enemies all the time . '' 
 i turned toward my door . 
 `` something like this is not exactly out of the ordinary , but i should n't have to explain that to you . 
 you 're the detective . '' 
 ray grunted his response and shifted his body so he stood directly behind me as i reached for my doorknob . 
 i paused mid-grab . 
 holy crap . 
 i did n't have a key . 
 i 'd totally forgotten about a key . 
 oh , for shitssake . 
 instead of reaching into my shorts , where i knew i would n't find one , i continued reaching for the knob , praying the door would miraculously be unlocked . 
 i casually turned the knob . 
 nothing . 
 the knob had in fact turned , but the deadbolt above it was engaged , so it did n't give an inch . 
 jeff the super had a set of keys and must have buttoned it up after the cops left . 
 inside the door , my lock was sticking its thick metal tongue out at me and laughing . 
 i could n't shoulder it either . 
 the bolt was top of the line , courtesy of a certain alpha father , and fashioned from some sort of unbreakable titanium . 
 i could probably rip the door off the hinges without much effort , but that would be a tad too suspicious in front of a detective when i was gunning for complete innocence of any wrongdoing . 
 i hesitated for a moment , trying to muster a reasonable way out of this . 
 `` looking for these ? '' 
 a ring of keys bounced in front of my face like a cat toy . 
 i glanced back at ray . 
 his face was inscrutable , but his eyes were focused on me like two beady lasers . 
 hoping , i 'm sure , to note some kind of major reaction on my part . 
 and to add insult to injury , the smell wafting off him now was pure , unmitigated delight . 
 i was getting good at this sniffing game , the rat bastard . 
 when i did n't answer , he said , `` these were found in your purse-along with all the other goodies you 'd think someone would need on vacation . 
 like your wallet and your sunglasses . '' 
 the cynicism dripped heavily . 
 `` not many women i know who 'd leave town without their purse tucked under their arm . '' 
 i turned to face him , leaning back against my door . 
 then i crossed my arms in front of me , because i was already tired of this game and we were just getting started . 
 `` listen , ray . 
 i realize you think i had something to do with this whole mess . '' 
 i jabbed my elbow into the door , indicating the mess in my apartment . 
 `` and you think i 'm hiding a big , juicy secret from the world . 
 possibly hidden somewhere behind that door . 
 in fact , you 've been dogging me for a very long time trying to find out exactly what it is , making my life hard and increasingly more miserable along the way , but here 's the truth-are you ready ? 
 i 'm not hiding anything . '' 
 well , other than the fact that i 'd just turned into a scary werewolf . 
 `` i 'm not on drugs and i do n't deal them . 
 i do n't have ties to the colombians , and more importantly , i have n't broken any laws . 
 the truth is , my boy-friend and i decided to go camping at the last minute simply because the weather was beautiful . '' 
 thank goodness it was n't tornado season . 
 `` it was just one of those happy , carefree decisions people make . 
 he took care of bringing the keys , and i forgot to get them back . 
 and while we were gone , someone trashed my place . 
 that 's the end of the incredibly juicy story . '' 
 i reached up and snatched the dangling keys from his grasp and turned to unlock my damn door . 
 ray 's voice hummed with contempt . 
 `` really , hannon ? 
 and where in the hell is he right now ? 
 should n't he be here with you , so he can unlock your door with his key ? 
 and help you see about all your troubles ? '' 
 `` nope , '' i said as the deadbolt snapped open . 
 `` the last time i checked , i was a big girl who could handle her own problems . '' 
 he was n't buying any of it , but i did n't have much choice . 
 telling the truth was not an option and i had no other alibi at this point . 
 ray did n't have any legal right to harass me in my hallway anyway , and as a former cop i knew my rights-but if i tossed him out i might as well just buy my own orange jumpsuit . 
 i could call a lawyer , but lawyering up was just short of admitting you did it . 
 i was hoping my apartment would be a big enough distraction , so we could focus on a new topic , like how i had nothing to do with any of it . 
 the door swung open . 
 my apartment was more than a helpful distraction . 
 it was a f ** king showstopper . 
 my breath hitched in my throat . 
 the devastation was complete . 
 the apartment looked exactly how i 'd imagine a frat house would appear after a night of disruptive partying by an army of hooligans bent on total destruction . 
 there was n't a scrap of furniture in my living room left standing . 
 the only nice thing i owned , an antique sidebar , which used to run along my living room wall , was now lying in a heap of broken wooden chunks . 
 i must 've barreled into it from the side . 
 a few times . 
 now it resembled a collapsed cardboard box , all the broken bits lying haphazardly at odd angles . 
 the rest of my furniture was scattered around the apartment . 
 literally . 
 it was like a grenade had exploded my life into complete chaos . 
 my gaze landed on my shredded couch . 
 stuffing erupted from the cushions like fluffy intestines , and both armrests were completely mangled . 
 i must have pushed off hard , because the couch was clear across the room . 
 damn , i liked that couch . 
 `` i 've never seen a place trashed this badly in my entire career , '' ray said smugly . 
 he stood just behind me once again , peering over my shoulder at the wreckage . 
 i ignored him and scooted my bags inside the door with my foot , displacing debris as i went . 
 then i started to pick my way around the room . 
 the police had dusted for prints and there was residue everywhere . 
 unfortunately for them , they were n't going to find any suspicious fingerprints . 
 i rarely entertained . 
 i headed straight across the room to the sliding glass doors that led out to my tiny balcony . 
 sheets of plywood stood in place of the glass . 
 huge shards of broken glass scattered the floor inside , right by the opening . 
 yeah , marcy . 
 i unlatched the doorframe and slid it open . 
 it still worked , which was surprising . 
 i must have hit it cleanly , since only the glass had shattered . 
 the frame was intact . 
 i stepped onto my small balcony . 
 i 'd chosen to come out here first for two reasons . 
 one , because that 's what ray would expect me to do . 
 a good cop investigates the entry point of the crime scene first , and even though ray was not buying my camping story , i still believed he thought this was a true break-in . 
 a break-in i had something to do with , but still a break-in . 
 i also believed ray thought i 'd been home when the attackers came , and had sub-sequently fled , thereby leaving behind my much-needed keys and purse . 
 the second reason ? 
 i wanted to see if any incriminating evidence lingered so i could try and get rid of it quickly . 
 ray stepped onto the balcony with me , crowding us both . 
 `` hannon , '' he said . 
 `` there was a car in the parking lot with significant damage to the roof . 
 it was all scratched up with what appeared to be ... claw marks . 
 the diameter and size matched the gouges all over your floor exactly . 
 it 's like they threw their f ** king dog off the balcony when they were done . 
 except there was no blood . 
 we should 've been scraping a dead carcass off that roof . '' 
 he managed to sound accusing , like i 'd been there to witness the dog-throwing . 
 `` but the techies told me a regular canine would n't be heavy enough to inflict that kind of damage . 
 the mutt would 've had to be attached to a boulder to crush it that far in . 
 the steel frame warped . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 i did n't hear about a car being wrecked , '' i said in a distracted tone . 
 i was casually examining the top of my railing for gouges . 
 there should be some there , which would give some legitimacy to an animal launching itself off of here , but there were none . 
 marcy had swept the entire balcony . 
 `` we also found evidence of grappling-hook marks and some rope , but not a single person in the whole building saw anyone shimmying up or down three stories . 
 pretty strange , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 strange . '' 
 i turned and headed back into my apartment , sidestepping a large pile of broken things on the way in . 
 `` it 's a mystery . 
 you 'd think at least one person would 've spotted a body climbing up or down three stories . '' 
 `` that begs the question : how in the hell did they get their pet in here if they climbed a f ** king rope ? 
 now that would be a great circus act if you ask me . '' 
 `` maybe there were two people . 
 one who shimmied up and unlocked the door for the waiting dog owner , '' i suggested winningly . 
 i might as well go along with the probable scenario like a good p.i. , since there was no arguing that an animal had been in my apartment . 
 i had no idea what the fur samples would come back as , but i was hoping for `` undetermined species . '' 
 having it come back as wolf would be a pain in the ass , and would raise more questions than it answered . 
 the human police would never in a million years think `` werewolf , '' but it was best not to raise any complicated questions . 
 `` crash like that '' - ray indicated back to my shattered sliding glass door - `` is bound to bring your neighbors over in a hurry . 
 not much chance to open the door for an accomplice , and then still have time to trash it all up like this . '' 
 without answering , i headed toward my bedroom . 
 i passed my galley kitchen on the left , the only place my wolf had n't entered . 
 the small space had been spared because my wolf had ignored it in favor of getting out of the apartment . 
 i loved my tiny kitchen . 
 it was clean and white , with black granite counter-tops and small stainless steel appliances . 
 it had a large breakfast nook cut into my living room , set with a countertop , which gave the space a larger feel . 
 i stepped over what was left of a table in the hallway , all the knickknacks that used to sit on it destroyed . 
 i maneuvered around some of the bigger pieces as i edged closer to my bed-room door , which was shut . 
 i held my breath and turned the knob . 
 ray lurked behind me , taking every opportunity to size up my reactions . 
 the police had spent time in here . 
 fingerprint residue skimmed the top of my dresser and dotted all the drawer knobs . 
 the police were gathering evidence to prove an intimate crime had been committed . 
 otherwise my bedroom looked unmolested . 
 i approached my dresser and pulled a drawer open , knowing ray was still scrutinizing my choices . 
 i scanned the contents , reaching in and lifting the clothing to do a thorough check . 
 i closed the drawer and pulled open my meager jewelry box , which sat on top of my dresser . 
 it contained only a few pieces of cheap costume jewelry . 
 i was not a bling girl . 
 i glanced in for a cursory check . 
 ray would expect it . 
 `` we could n't find anything disturbed in here . 
 it seems to be clean . '' 
 ray peered over my shoulder as i closed the box . 
 `` you missing any jewelry ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what we ca n't figure is , why did n't they come back here first ? 
 crimes like this , personal space gets hit first . 
 kind of like slapping someone in the face . 
 if they wanted to hit you hard , they come here . 
 cut up the sheets , stab the mattress , shred your underwear . 
 but it 's all clear . '' 
 i walked toward my bed . 
 `` i have no idea , ray . 
 with a loud crash like you said , they only had limited time to do any significant damage . 
 guess they just could n't get back here in time . '' 
 i slid open the tiny drawer on my completely fixed bed-side stand . 
 it was only big enough to hold one small paperback book , or a leather case full of a useful syringe . 
 a stupid mistake i was paying for in spades . 
 i closed it and i ran my hand over my pristine covers . 
 marcy 's work was flawless . 
 ray crossed his arms and grunted . 
 the scene did n't match the typical scenario for a crime like this , and it pissed him the hell off . 
 he also understood i was seeing it for the first time , which i was . 
 perfect . 
 i was famished again , my stomach already knotting in on itself . 
 i was also exhausted in the extreme . 
 i was done with ray and the dance for the day . 
 i strode purposefully back to the living room with him predictably traipsing after me . 
 i spun around in the middle of the chaos , all business . 
 `` okay , ray . 
 do you have any leads ? 
 anything concrete you 'd care to share with me ? 
 if not , i 'll get you my statement tomorrow . 
 i 'm calling it a day . 
 i 've got to clean up this mess and i 'm tired and hungry . 
 you 're not going to want to be here in another five minutes , because my cooperation time with the police is officially over . '' 
 `` we 're working a couple angles , '' he hedged . 
 `` i 'm going to need a full disclosure of all your contacts , specifically anyone you 'd suspect capable of doing damage like this . 
 then i 'll need the name of that mysterious boyfriend of yours . 
 i 'd like to ask him a few questions . '' 
 ray shot me a smirk . 
 `` when and if he shows up , of course . '' 
 `` that 's fine , ray . 
 i 'll fax mine over tomorrow and talk to james . 
 i 'm sure he wo n't have a problem chatting with you . 
 is that it ? '' 
 james ? 
 well , i guess i could n't exactly date my brother . 
 men were minimal in my life and the thought of james and ray having a real face-to-face made me smile . 
 james it was . 
 ray headed toward my door on his own , but i was n't at all surprised when he turned back around with another smug grin on his face . 
 `` oh , and the horse tranq full of shit we found in your bathroom cupboard ? 
 we 'll need your full explanation on that . 
 in writing . 
 it 's still at the lab , but once it comes back and we tag it , your ass is mine , hannon . '' 
 he left without looking back . 
 of course they would find the syringe ! 
 that was ray 's big coup de grace . 
 why he 'd gone a little easier on me once we 'd gotten inside . 
 he thought his dramatic exit would bring down the house , that the crippling news of them finding suspicious drugs would leave me quaking . 
 and i had to hand it to him , horse tranq was n't actually too far from the truth . 
 dr. jace had spent a good chunk of his career perfecting a sedative strong enough to prove effective on werewolves . 
 the lab reports would likely contain a laundry list of ingredients , all with doses high enough to effectively knock out not just one horse-but a dozen . 
 i 'd put a call in to my father . 
 dr. jace would need to invent a medical necessity for my having it , some rare disease requiring heavy sedatives , and fax the info down to the precinct . 
 that sounded feasible . 
 the needle had never been used , which would be easy enough for the lab to see , and even if they suspected it was illegal , it was n't like i shot up every night , since there was just the one dose . 
 but ray was still going to make a big deal about it . 
 like a thorn stuck in my ass . 
 i sighed and turned , considering my living room and the mess surrounding me . 
 `` okay , now what ? '' 
 i said out loud to a roomful of my broken possessions . 
 sadly , nothing responded . 
 i spent the rest of the afternoon cleaning and stacking as much as i could into various piles . 
 my walls were going to need some major repairs . 
 big chunks were missing where things had smashed into them . 
 i could n't even think about the floors without weeping . 
 the gorgeous hardwood was so deeply scarred it would be a miracle if it ever looked the same . 
 when i finished , i made a couple of phone calls , then devoured every scrap of food in my kitchen , which amounted to an assortment of cheese , crackers , pickles , and microwavable entrees-before falling into bed . 
 everything else would have to wait until tomorrow . 
 i slept like a newborn . 
 when i opened my eyes it was noon the next day . 
 fuck . 
 6 i hustled out of bed and showered quickly . 
 while still slightly damp , i yanked on a pair of jeans and a black cotton top . 
 i tugged my long black hair back into its customary ponytail and slipped into a pair of soft leather flats . 
 i always went to work casual when i was n't meeting with clients . 
 marcy had briefed me yesterday in a short phone conversation about the schedule for the rest of the week . 
 i had several cases requiring my attention today . 
 it seemed the office had received an interesting call from a prospective client yesterday morning , and a response on my part was necessary as soon as possible . 
 it felt like i 'd been gone for weeks , not days . 
 sleeping in had not been on the itinerary . 
 i 'd also chatted briefly with my father before bed . 
 he informed me that he 'd positioned several trusted wolves around my neighborhood , several blocks away . 
 the plan today was business as usual . 
 molly hannon had to convincingly pick up where she 'd left off on friday if we had any chance of keeping a lid on my shift . 
 i was glad for the distraction of work , because lingering on my change would drive me batty if i was left to my own devices . 
 my wolf had been quiet in my mind since returning home , but the plain fact that i 'd become a full-blooded werewolf was going to alter my life completely-my current reality would eventually become unrecognizable . 
 i was n't ready . 
 truth be told , i was ill prepared for any of it . 
 i 'd lived as a human for the past twenty-six years . 
 i had no idea what it meant to be supernatural . 
 but since i 'd left the compound seven years ago , i 'd taken each day as it came and today i was going to do just that . 
 so help me . 
 i grabbed my errant purse , the one i had to scrub down last night so it was usable , and slung it over my shoulder . 
 i wove my way through the path i 'd cleared to my front door . 
 once i got outside , i made a cursory glance around the lot . 
 there was no evidence of the car i 'd crushed . 
 there were n't even any bits of glass or stray pieces of chrome lying around . 
 that was a little disappointing . 
 it would 've been interesting to see the damage . 
 crashing out of a three-story balcony was impressive by anyone 's standard . 
 i walked toward my black nissan and pressed the unlock button . 
 the car gave a gratuitous beep . 
 i pulled the door open , but before i could slide in i heard a noise . 
 footsteps sounded on the asphalt behind me . 
 i inhaled , but strangely i could n't scent anything . 
 the air carried no smells . 
 i tossed my purse in the front seat and spun around , ready to fight . 
 `` no need to be worried then . '' 
 a heavily accented english voice hit my ears a heartbeat before i spotted him . 
 `` it 's just me . 
 i 'm checking to make sure all is well with you this fine bright afternoon , and you 're still all in one piece . '' 
 danny walker , my brother 's best friend , and one of my father 's most trusted , sauntered up to me smiling . 
 his brown hair fully covered one eye , which he remedied with a flick of his head . 
 he was a lanky wolf , thin but powerful . 
 `` danny , '' i said . 
 `` you snuck up on me . 
 i 'm going to have to get better at detecting , but it 's great to see you . '' 
 even though danny was a friend and ally , and one of the few who knew my secret , our paths never crossed in the city . 
 it had always been too risky . 
 even now it was risky . 
 `` why ca n't i smell you ? '' 
 `` i rang up that witch of yours last night when i received my orders from your father . 
 i asked her for a favor and she willingly obliged . 
 positioning wolves around the perimeter of your place was bound to raise suspicion to anyone who happened by with a keen nose , even if they were a few blocks away . 
 she fixed us up quite nicely . 
 seems to have done the trick . '' 
 `` great plan . '' 
 i inhaled again . 
 all clear . 
 marcy must 've conjured some kind of stripping spell , making it impossible to detect any smells within its boundaries . 
 i could n't even smell the grass . 
 it was likely the quickest and easiest way to spell such a vast area . 
 `` it only lasts a day or two at most , so we 'll have to have her come round again . '' 
 danny grinned . 
 `` you 're looking very well , by the way . 
 i have no idea why there 's a big uproar about your safety , since no one 's bloody told me anything , but do n't worry your little head about security . 
 tyler arrived in the wee hours of this morning and we 're all on top of it . 
 nothing but the very best protection for you . 
 we will make sure you stay safe from whatever it is that 's plaguing you . '' 
 if danny had n't figured it out from the beacon , maybe there was hope it had gone unnoticed after all . 
 he knew me and my voice . 
 `` thanks , danny . 
 i appreciate that . 
 i hope the whole thing will be short-lived and we can go back to normal as soon as possible . '' 
 `` ah , but then i wo n't get any more chances to see your gorgeous face . 
 best for us to keep vigilant so we have ample opportunity to keep our clandestine parking lot visits ongoing . 
 this will likely be the highlight of my very long , very boring day . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` how is it possible you never change , danny walker ? 
 at least you did n't comment about my ass this time . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with your bum , then ? 
 eating too many biscuits ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i have n't been eating biscuits , but that does sound damn good . 
 and my ass is just fine . '' 
 i grabbed on to my door handle . 
 `` i hate to break up our reunion , but we should end this illicit meeting before it gets noticed . 
 it was good to see you , danny . 
 i mean that . 
 thanks for the backup . 
 i appreciate it . '' 
 `` it 's my pleasure . '' 
 he gave me a mock three-finger salute . 
 `` hope our paths cross again soon . '' 
 he turned and left like the professional he was . 
 but not before he snuck a glance over his shoulder to check out my ass . 
 i got into my car , smiling as i slammed the door . 
 once i was on the road my stomach gave a deep , disgruntled grumble . 
 i 'd eaten myself out of food last night and i needed coffee , but it would have to wait . 
 i was already late . 
 my small , nondescript office building was n't far from my apartment , by design , and i made it in under five minutes . 
 i pulled into the side lot , closest to the door . 
 the low concrete complex hosted a variety of other businesses-dental , insurance , and chiropractic . 
 very unnoticeable . 
 our offices were on the main floor . 
 i swung open the opaque glass door , marked with the white stenciled lettering `` hannon and michaels investigations , '' and walked in . 
 marcy pushed back her chair and stood . 
 `` well , well , well , look who the cat finally dragged in . '' 
 she mocked checking the big clock on the wall . 
 `` i know , i 'm late , '' i said . 
 `` my cell phone died sometime during the night . 
 i need a new charger ; my old one is one of the many casualties of my ransacked apartment . 
 no alarm . 
 but i bet you knew that already . 
 how many times did you try to call ? '' 
 `` contrary to what you think , o blessed taskmaster , i thought it best to let you sleep . 
 i 'm only your keeper part of the time . 
 my other starring roles include-but are not limited to-the fun-loving gal pal , the beautiful chirpy sidekick , and your brilliant bookie . 
 and i can be all those things because i 'm so unbelievably gifted . '' 
 marcy walked around to the front of her desk . 
 `` i have n't gambled a day in my life . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` and to think , all this time i thought you were all work and no play . '' 
 `` nope , that , my friend , would make me a very dull girl . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around me for a brief second , and then held me out at arm 's length , her bony fingertips digging into my shoulders . 
 `` and if you ever scare me half to death like that again i will quit this job . 
 i swear . 
 forever . '' 
 she shook me . 
 `` as in never coming back . 
 got it ? '' 
 then she dropped her grasp and headed back around her desk . 
 `` marcy , '' i chided . 
 `` your deep concern about my safety and well-being makes me all tingly inside . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 it just seems like i do . 
 but scaring people is n't funny . 
 i almost had a heart attack . 
 you 're putting my health at risk if you do something like that again . '' 
 she sat down and pulled her chic glasses out of her rich red curls-hair i could only dream about-and drew a sheet of paper off the stack in front of her , back to the day 's agenda . 
 `` you have some calls to make about the craig case . 
 the one you finished last week . 
 the warlock wants some sort of compensation for his broken nose . '' 
 she ran through the details . 
 `` oh , yes , and the new potential client , the one i talked to you about yesterday , his name is colin rourke . 
 sounds like a solid case , plus he sounded totally cute . '' 
 she shuffled through a stack of notes marked `` molly . '' 
 `` and tonight you and nick are slated for another drake surveillance run . 
 while you were gone , nick hired gary to watch him . 
 the report is waiting on your desk . 
 oh , and nick wanted me to tell you , and i quote , ` when she gets her ass out of bed tell her i will be out of the office all day trying to figure out that mess with the paint store owner and the graffiti , ' end quote . '' 
 she handed me the stack . 
 `` that about covers it . '' 
 `` you 're a goddess like no other . '' 
 i grabbed the notes and quickly flipped though them . 
 `` this looks like it will keep me in my office all day , which is a good thing , because i 'm supposed to lay low . '' 
 `` yes indeed . 
 no going outside for you . '' 
 i started for my office . 
 `` oh , and by the way . '' 
 i turned . 
 `` i need an enormous amount of food delivered here as soon as possible-and i mean anything and everything you can get your hands on : burgers , fries , shakes , chinese , whatever . 
 and while you 're at it , let 's relocate the coffeepot closer to my desk . 
 like on top of it . '' 
 marcy did n't even blink . 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` oh , and marcy ? '' 
 she snapped her head up from the pile of food menus she 'd already plucked from her filing drawer . 
 `` i 'm upping your pay by thirty percent , effective last friday . 
 i would n't want to lose the best-kept secret in town because i 'm too cheap to notice the value of your extensive talents . 
 and that includes the favor you did for us last night . 
 good technique with the smell thing , by the way . 
 it totally worked . '' 
 witches charged exorbitantly for their crafting services . 
 there were no freebies . 
 and we both knew it . 
 `` you can file it under ` saving the boss 's ass ' or ` awesome spell casting under extreme pressure , ' whichever works best for you . '' 
 i chuckled as i walked down the hallway . 
 `` just doing my job , '' she muttered after me . 
 `` i can hear you . '' 
 `` stupid werewolf hearing . '' 
 i was still smiling when i entered my office . 
 marcy would take my secret to the grave , and after what she did for me and my apartment , there was no sense trying to pretend it did n't happen . 
 i felt a small pang , because by knowing my new secret she was involved in this whether she wanted to be or not . 
 but knowing her , she would n't have wanted it any other way . 
 in fact , she 'd probably choke the life out of me if she found out i 'd been keeping such a thing from her . 
 we did n't have to have a conversation about it ; she was smart and knew the stakes . 
 my office was small and decorated with standard-issue furniture from the previous tenants . 
 there was a conference room down the hall with a bigger table to accommodate larger groups , but on the whole , we usually met with our clients in a convenient spot of their choosing . 
 the biggest selling point of this particular space , other than its nondescript nature , had been the big windows . 
 i plucked a thick folder off my desk as i sat down . 
 i shoved my purse by my feet and set marcy 's notes to the side to go over later . 
 getting back to work was a godsend . 
 making sure my mind stayed off everything was the key to keeping myself sane . 
 i opened the case file . 
 the imp we 'd been tracking the night of my change , drake jensen , was a forty-seven-year-old lowlife slimeball , and it looked like he 'd been busy these last few nights . 
 i scanned drake 's background in the file . 
 it was the first time i 'd seen any of this , because he was a new target and the report had taken time to generate . 
 an imp was the lowest demon on the totem pole , which meant he was stronger than a human , but not impossible to catch . 
 by nature , an imp was half demon , half human , his demon side usually inherited from his father . 
 male demons were known to have the occasional fling with a human counterpart . 
 female demons were rare and reclusive . 
 drake , it seemed , got his rocks off on sex and fear , which was not unusual for certain kinds of imps of the sex demon variety . 
 it fed them the way food feeds the rest of us . 
 but instead of consenting adults , his chosen targets had been young innocents , which made him worse than slime . 
 he 'd recently been released from a human jail for soliciting underage sex and he was already back to his old filthy habits . 
 we actually had quite a few files on imps because they typically caused the most trouble . 
 they were one of the few super-natural sects who did n't care if they got caught . 
 an imp usually had a specialized skill , depending on its parent demonic origin . 
 but they all typically had weak magic , because demon magic was born of the blood , and human blood was extremely diluted . 
 like pouring a shot of vodka in a gallon of water . 
 hard to get yourself drunk . 
 drake 's abilities were still unknown . 
 it was a shame birth certificates were n't more helpful , indicating things like `` great-grandfather was a fire demon '' or `` child may have lingering perverse sexual tendencies , from twice-removed sex demon uncle . '' 
 because of the sex fixation , we were fairly sure he 'd come from an incubus , which meant he most likely possessed the power of sexual persuasion , a dangerous skill to have . 
 i glanced through the last pages . 
 drake was on the move . 
 he 'd gone to the same movie theater parking lot the past three nights in a row and had been agitated last night in particular . 
 he 'd actually left his car , but had n't physically approached anyone . 
 i set the folder down on my desk . 
 if drake had left his vehicle , his sexual need was coming to a head . 
 literally . 
 most incubi had to have sex once every few weeks to fuel their life force . 
 if drake was still targeting innocents , i was looking forward to catching him and making him pay for his crimes . 
 almost immediately a clear image of me pummeling drake jumped into my head and a sudden jolt of satisfaction surged through me . 
 i grabbed on to the edge of my desk to steady myself , leaving little half-moon nailprints in the cheap laminant wood . 
 i had him by the neck . 
 he was struggling , but it was no contest . 
 a tide of endorphins rode through my blood-stream , dizzying me . 
 my wolf growled happily inside my head , snapping her muzzle in agreement . 
 hold on there , sister . 
 one step at a time . 
 i needed food . 
 i spent the remainder of the day making calls and eating . 
 i shoveled in as much food as marcy could lay in front of me . 
 my hunger was insatiable . 
 it was sad , really , because at this rate i 'd have to eat in private from now on . 
 there was no way i could go into a restaurant and order three cheeseburgers at a time and then gobble them down in front of anyone with any sense . 
 and there was n't enough time to go to three different restaurants for a normal-sized meal every time i was hungry . 
 it kind of sucked , because i hated cooking , but i was going to have to learn in a hurry ; either that or be resigned to the bleak fate of eating prepackaged food or takeout for the rest of eternity . 
 marcy was positively gleeful as she dropped another greasy takeout bag on my desk . 
 i ripped into it without hesitation . 
 `` good lord , woman , '' marcy said . 
 `` at this rate you 're going to be twice your size by the end of the week . '' 
 `` be quiet or i 'll make you eat with me , '' i managed between bites . 
 `` not all of us were lucky enough to be born with the body of a supermodel . '' 
 marcy was tall , svelte , and had incredible curves , which is exactly why normal women referred to women like her as `` bitches . '' 
 it was completely unfair . 
 she could ingest anything she wanted and still look phenomenal . 
 i was hoping my newer , faster metabolism would shape me into a marcy over time . 
 doubtful , but i could hope . 
 she took one look at my face and made a hasty retreat , but not before throwing over her shoulder , `` if i ate like that , my stomach would explode . 
 then you 'd be sorry . '' 
 `` quiet , hot stuff , '' i said , my mouth already around another burger . 
 after my third dip into food , i finally had time to call nathan dunn , my landlord , back . 
 it was a quick conversation , and i heartily accepted his offer to help clean up the mess in my apartment . 
 i briefly explained about the piles of furniture and he assured me he would have a team out there shortly to take care of it . 
 i was mildly surprised i had n't `` heard '' from tyler yet . 
 communicating telepathically was handy . 
 i gave a small tweak out-ward in my mind . 
 tyler , are you there ? 
 nothing . 
 i wondered if there was a distance range . 
 weird . 
 next i wrote my statement for the police and faxed it over to the station . 
 i had n't had a chance to talk to james in person , but my dad was going to fill him in . 
 ray had n't shown up today waving an arrest warrant , so that meant the tranq findings had n't come back yet . 
 or they 'd been inconclusive . 
 even better . 
 the last thing on my agenda was to retry my potential new client . 
 i 'd tried calling him earlier in the day , but had n't gotten through and there 'd been no voicemail option , which was a little strange . 
 everybody had voicemail . 
 i picked up marcy 's note , which had his name highlighted as `` the cute-voiced colin rourke '' and a phone number . 
 `` we 'll just see about that , '' i mumbled as i dialed . 
 `` hello , this is rourke , '' a very strong male voice answered on the first ring . 
 i had to admit , it held a very nice bravado . 
 there was also an intriguing trace accent i could n't readily place . 
 `` hello , mr. rourke . 
 this is molly hannon , of hannon and michaels . 
 you contacted us yesterday about a possible problem ? 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` ah , ms. hannon . '' 
 i could detect a hint of a smile behind those words . 
 `` thanks for getting back to me . 
 it seems i 'm having some issues with my business partner , and i 'd like to retain your services . '' 
 `` what kind of problems specifically ? '' 
 i asked . 
 we took most cases , but sometimes things were n't nearly as dire as people originally thought . 
 `` i believe he 's embezzling money from our company . '' 
 well , that sounded dire enough . 
 `` okay , we 'd be happy to help . 
 let 's see what we can do . '' 
 `` ms. hannon , '' he said . 
 `` i want to make this extremely clear from the get-go . 
 i 'm retaining your services , and your services alone . 
 this is a highly sensitive matter and i 'm not interested in making it a three-ring circus . 
 privacy is of the utmost importance . '' 
 i cleared my throat , immediately tamping down my annoyance . 
 `` i assure you , mr. rourke , hannon and michaels is a very professional firm . 
 we treat everything we do with extreme privacy . 
 performing circus acts wo n't be anywhere in your contract , not even in the fine print . '' 
 rich laughter echoed over the line . 
 `` i sincerely hope not . '' 
 then his voice dipped , taking on a low , gravelly tone . 
 `` i 'm looking forward to meeting you , ms. hannon . 
 you come highly recommended for this line of work . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i think . 
 `` i look forward to meeting you too , mr. rourke . 
 we can set a time to further discuss your situation right now , if it 's convenient . 
 when are you available next ? '' 
 `` it 's rourke , no need for the ` mr. ' '' `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` my name . 
 it 's just rourke . '' 
 `` um ... okay , rourke . 
 when would be a good time to meet ? '' 
 `` i 'm heading out of town on business for the rest of the month thursday morning , so the only possible time i can meet is tomorrow night . '' 
 `` that should work . '' 
 we arranged to meet over drinks the next night in a nearby bar . 
 `` looking forward to it , '' he said . 
 if i was being honest with myself , i 'd have to say i was intrigued . 
 my wolf had taken notice too , surprising since she 'd been relatively quiet since we 'd come to work . 
 however , the moment rourke had come on the line , she 'd begun to prowl . 
 having her in my head was beyond strange . 
 it was like two separate parts of myself were alive and could operate independently . 
 it was going to take some getting used to . 
 but i pushed it out of my mind for now . 
 i could n't afford to dwell on it , since my top priority was still business as usual . 
 once things settled back to normal , like i was madly hoping they would , i was going to allow myself to take as much time as i needed to figure everything out . 
 i stood and stretched . 
 it was after five and i needed to run a few errands before nick and i met with the lovable drake jensen . 
 i was eager for him to make his move tonight , so we could be done with it . 
 `` have you talked to dreamsicle yet ? '' 
 marcy asked pointedly as i passed her desk on my way out . 
 `` i have . 
 and he did sound pretty darn dreamy . 
 i 'm meeting with him tomorrow evening at eight o'clock to discuss the case . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll jot it down . '' 
 i watched her simply mark tomorrow night 's calendar date with a big heart . 
 smartass . 
 `` and just so you know , i have a good feeling about this one , '' she said with a saucy wink . 
 `` you say that about everyone . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you 're starting to lose credibility . 
 plus , you know i never date clients . 
 it goes against my high ethical standards . '' 
 `` when you 're done with the job , he wo n't be your client anymore . 
 voila , '' she said . 
 `` and i 'm bound to be right one of these times . 
 i have witchy instincts , you know . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` if nick calls , tell him i 'll pick him up at six-thirty . '' 
 he 'd been gone all day , which was n't unusual . 
 we were both out of the office a lot . 
 his current case was trying to track down a mystery graffiti artist whose art enthralled those who came too close . 
 it was a tough one . 
 `` i 'll be sure to do that , '' marcy said . 
 i walked to the door . 
 `` and , jess ? '' 
 `` yep ? '' 
 i turned . 
 `` i 'm really glad you 're back . '' 
 `` i 'm really glad to be back . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` no need to get a big head about it . '' 
 7 i shut my car door and a soft ping floated through my head , followed by my brother 's voice . 
 heading home already ? 
 yep , but i 'm leaving on another assignment in a couple of hours with nick . 
 it should be no big deal , just a stakeout . 
 are you nearby ? 
 i 'm a couple blocks away . 
 i can see your car from where i 'm standing . 
 everything 's been quiet on all fronts . 
 that 's a relief . 
 i glanced out my window and down the street . 
 i could n't see tyler or his completely unsubtle shiny red mustang anywhere , but that did n't mean he could n't see me . 
 i was n't sure what to expect , but nothing sounds perfectly great to me . 
 nick is in charge of covering you tonight , so if you two decide to split up you have to give me a call . 
 okay . 
 have you heard anything new from up north ? 
 i was hoping the wolves on the compound had calmed down overnight . 
 i have n't heard anything specifically . 
 dad still has everybody on lockdown now . 
 they were going to have several meetings about it today . 
 i do n't think they 're buying you have n't changed , and hank has been on a rampage , shouting garbage about you as usual . 
 shit . 
 that 's not good . 
 well , to top off that crappy news , ray hart is the detective on my case . 
 the ass ** le who gave you trouble on the force ? 
 the very same . 
 he also found my tranq . 
 they have it at the lab as we speak . 
 he thinks it 's highly illegal and is hoping to pin it on me . 
 we should 've taken care of him years ago . 
 killing people is not always the perfect solution to everything . 
 dad did n't think it was a problem and has doc on it already . 
 they 'll come up with something plausible . 
 i also told ray i was n't home because i was camping with my new boyfriend , james . 
 he half snorted half coughed . 
 yes , and to top it off , we were so madly in love he made me forget my purse and all the necessities a normal person needs on vacation . 
 tyler laughed . 
 that 's a good one . 
 i 'm sure james will play along ; he 's a good guy , even though that 's the funniest thing i 've heard in a long time . 
 and do n't worry about trouble cropping up , one of us will be close by from now on , including danny . 
 i 'll get you a pack cell phone shortly . 
 you can use that to get a hold of the rest of us . 
 the pack changed their cells more often than an infant soiled their diaper . 
 i 'd never bothered with one . 
 honestly , if i 'd had a problem big enough to bother pack with prior to this-i might as well have just used my own damn phone . 
 i know , i saw danny today . 
 it was nice to see a friendly face , especially if a storm of discontent is on its way . 
 he was exactly the same . 
 nothing ever changes with him . 
 danny is loyal to pack . 
 you can trust him with your life . 
 i was curious about our brain connection . 
 when we were kids , we were never farther than a few miles away from each other . 
 how far away do you think we can do this mind thing from ? 
 do you think there are stipulations ? 
 like mind-wave distance boundaries or something ? 
 pretty far , i 'd assume . 
 i was outside the city limits all day , just got back . 
 i wanted to touch base before you went home , so this was the easiest way . 
 it was my turn to snort . 
 you mean you were ordered by dad to check up on me to see if i was still breathing once you got back into town ? 
 to make sure no rogue wolves or trusted pack mates have torn me to pieces yet ? 
 that too . 
 he chuckled . 
 i sobered . 
 tyler . 
 i paused . 
 how long do you think we really have until my shift to full blooded blows up in our faces ? 
 before there 's no turning back ? 
 i desperately want my life to go back to normal , but it does n't seem remotely possible . 
 i want you to tell me the truth . 
 the honest-to-goodness , in-my-face truth . 
 honestly ? 
 he sighed . 
 i do n't have a clue . 
 if we can quiet the pack , we gain time . 
 if not ... i do n't know . 
 what happened to you is completely unprecedented . 
 none of us have any idea what we 're dealing with yet . 
 we have no way to know how the community will react to the news . 
 the wolves have always feared the cain myth , but other supes might have that information too . 
 i have no idea what they 'll choose to do with it , if anything . 
 i 'm fooling myself , are n't i ? 
 thinking i can just go back to my normal life like nothing 's happened-like i 'm not a freak of nature . 
 like there 's not going to be an army rising up against me at the first opportunity . 
 no . 
 i do n't think you 're fooling yourself . 
 you 're not the type . 
 he paused for a moment . 
 i think we 're doing the right thing here . 
 if we have any chance of keeping the biggest secret in supernatural history under wraps-and us werewolves are known for our secrecy , make no mistake about it-then you need to be right where you are now , pretending nothing has happened . 
 if it does happen to get out , it happened to jessica mcclain , who is currently in parts unknown , not to molly hannon , who 's been minding her business while this story unfolds . 
 he cleared his throat , which sounded odd . 
 i think if we keep your alias intact , we have a shot . 
 i really do . 
 a shot . 
 that 's not saying a whole hell of a lot . 
 well , it 's more than saying we 're f ** ked right out of the gates . 
 i laughed . 
 that 's very true . 
 and , jess ? 
 now that you 're a wolf , you know you 're going to have to make a full change soon , right ? 
 a new wolf feels the pull often . 
 your body will ache to run . 
 we usually head down by the river after midnight . 
 next week at the very latest . 
 i shivered remembering my change . 
 not in my top ten fun moments . 
 got it . 
 other than hunger , i 'm not feeling much of anything . 
 it 'll come . 
 i 'll take your word for it . 
 if you need me , you know where to find me . 
 i opened my apartment door and found a surprise . 
 all of my broken furniture , which basically meant everything i owned , had been cleared out . 
 including the shredded couch . 
 the floor also appeared to have been swept and mopped , and other than the deep , angry gouge marks and a few ragged dents in the wall , it looked like a new apartment . 
 dunn had been good to his word . 
 i lugged two bags of groceries i 'd just purchased into my kitchen . 
 i quickly put everything away , and then made myself two pounds of spaghetti and stuck a whole loaf of garlic bread in the oven . 
 thank goodness for take n ' bakes . 
 it took me under ten minutes to eat the entire meal , and five to clean it up . 
 i headed into my bedroom . 
 time to get ready for the drake run . 
 i opened my closet doors and gave a happy sigh . 
 finally the fun part of my day . 
 anticipation rippled across my spine and soft tingles raced down to my fingertips . 
 i reached in and selected a few hangers , smiling like a fiend . 
 time for a little kickass . 
 there were a lot of things in my closet i was fond of , but my stakeout clothes were by far my favorite . 
 i 'd learned the hard way , being unfettered and fluid was a necessary part of my job . 
 and it was a purely fortunate accident that my ass looked fantastic in spandex . 
 i dropped my jeans and slid on a pair of silky black leggings . 
 they fit like a second skin and were supposed to be tear-resistant , water-resistant , and somewhat flame-resistant-if someone threw a lit match at me , not if i were to become engulfed in flames . 
 they were satiny and insanely comfortable . 
 a small pocket was sewn into the waistband just big enough to hold my id , which was handy since regular pockets do n't work well on skintight . 
 i matched them with a long-sleeved spandex top of the same material . 
 it had tightly woven mesh under the arms , to make it breathable , and extra padding running halfway down the sleeves . 
 there were also two loops sewn onto each arm , right below my shoulders , to hold weapons of my choosing . 
 i was n't carrying any throwing weapons tonight , however . 
 incubi were n't known for their fighting skills . 
 i was n't going to need much more than my fists , especially since they were packing extra heat these days . 
 i finished the ensemble by pulling on a tight black knit cap and i knotted my hair at the base of my neck . 
 my hair was a problem , and by all rights i should 've chopped it off a long time ago . 
 it had gotten me into trouble in the past , and being incapacitated by hair-pulling could prove a fatal mistake . 
 but vanity was a bitch and i liked my hair long . 
 i laced up a pair of custom-made black cross-trainers , which boasted extremely thick treads and a line of thinly molded steel running protectively around the toes . 
 they also sported tiny velcro pouches sewn discreetly on the sides . 
 very handy for sneaking in a wire undetected . 
 you could custom order just about anything if you had the money . 
 an extra thousand and i could 've had my outfit spelled . 
 though , depending on who you were up against , the spelling did n't come with a guarantee . 
 a higher demon or sorcerer could smash right through most things if they had enough strength . 
 plus , the last time i had a thousand dollars to spare was , um , never . 
 my dad had offered to supplement me on many occasions over the years , but i 'd never accepted . 
 it 'd taken a lot for me to finally earn my independence off compound , and i took it very seriously . 
 i had n't heard any different from nick , so i assumed we were on schedule . 
 i grabbed my cell phone , pushed my id into the front of my pants , and headed out . 
 in the lot , i opened my car door and slid inside . 
 i leaned over and pulled open the glove box first to check my handgun . 
 my licensed-to-carry , palm-sized 9mm glock 26 looked brand-new . 
 i 'd hardly ever needed it . 
 i did a cursory check of the sight line and the magazine . 
 it shot jacketed silver hollow-point bullets , with added silver shavings at the tip . 
 the bullet was meant to explode on impact and send silver streaming into the blood of whoever was pissing me off at that very moment . 
 it was deadly , because silver worked on most supernaturals . 
 not all myths were true-which i knew firsthand-but silver was spot-on . 
 silver , in its purest form , had the highest electrical and thermal conductivity of any metal and reacted like fire to whatever magic fueled the blood of a supernatural . 
 only the oldest vampires and shifters could fully recover from silver poisoning without massive intervention . 
 i could hit a running target dead-on , but a gun would never be my weapon of choice . 
 it was too clumsy . 
 but it was nice to know i had a little something-something in reserve when the going got tough . 
 i put it back , closed it up and headed out . 
 nick lived only a few minutes from me . 
 he was waiting at the curb . 
 his outfit was black , but was lacking in the shine department . 
 his loss . 
 he opened the passenger door and climbed in . 
 `` feel good to be back ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` or do you wish you 'd kept right on running saturday morning ? '' 
 he held a bag of goodies that smelled suspiciously like the pecan cinnamon rolls from my favorite bakery around the corner from his place . 
 `` what , and leave all this behind ? '' 
 i spread my arms over the wheel in mock exaggeration , then i nodded toward the bag . 
 `` is that what i think it is ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i figured if yesterday 's forty pit stops were any indication , you 'd be hungry within the first ten minutes . 
 when i went through my transition , if i went without food for more than an hour i was in danger of gnawing on my own leg . 
 plus , i knew if i fed you these sticky , sweet things at regular intervals , i could keep you relatively happy and focused on the task . '' 
 `` good thinking , ace , '' i said . 
 `` now open that bag and toss me one . '' 
 the movie theater drake had chosen to haunt was located just outside the city limits . 
 it was one of those mega-theater complexes , situated at the edge of a long flowing suburb that used to be nothing but farmland . 
 it boasted eighteen screens and three full snack bars . 
 we pulled into the main parking lot and drove to the overflow lot , located a hefty distance from the main entrance . 
 i swung the car into the farthest space available , right next to a grassy knoll . 
 over the top of the small hill more undeveloped land stretched across the landscape-most likely awaiting a future home depot or wal-mart . 
 there were a few young trees and bushes dotting the boundary , but otherwise it was pretty bare . 
 it was the perfect location for someone like drake to take someone unaware . 
 which was exactly why we were here . 
 `` how do you want to run this ? '' 
 i asked , turning to nick , before snagging another sweet , delicious roll . 
 i licked the sticky caramel from my fingers . 
 he was the levelheaded-planner type and i was the take-action-and-ask-questions-later type , so nick usually ran the points . 
 `` when it gets dark , one of us stays , '' nick said . 
 `` and one of us heads back into the trees until he shows . 
 if he 's agitated , he wo n't be able to hold out long . 
 once he finds a suitable target , he 'll move . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll take the trees . 
 i 'm too pumped to sit still anyway . '' 
 more cars pulled into the lot . 
 `` i hate when we have to deal with the lowlifes . 
 it 's always so depressing . '' 
 `` i know , but a world without drake on the streets is a better world . 
 if he does decide to make a grab and tries to take her back to his car , i 'll be the diversion . 
 i 'll maneuver him back to the trees instead . 
 he 'll have no choice but to head there if i 'm too close . 
 we take him once he 's over the hill . '' 
 we both knew drake would not surrender . 
 in a case like this , it was within our rights to use a `` reasonable amount of force '' to bring him down , which is how it was worded in the description of a citizen 's arrest . 
 i loved the ambiguity , since `` reasonable '' for an imp meant a considerable amount . 
 `` here . '' 
 nick held out a small black device . 
 it was thin and about the size of a pack of gum . 
 it worked like a vibrating pager between the two of us . 
 if i depressed my button , the one nick carried would go off . 
 small , easy , and effective . 
 `` one buzz for visual contact , two for a change of plans , continuous for backup . 
 we rendezvous at the southeast corner of the building if anything goes wrong . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 i took it from him and swapped out my id , which i stuck in the glove box next to my glock . 
 i maneuvered it into my pocket , positioning the device facing out , so i could activate it through my spandex . 
 slipping from the car , i disappeared over the knoll . 
 i picked a place with the best vantage point . 
 there was still time before the last of the daylight vanished . 
 drake would n't come until full dark . 
 i inhaled , curious to see what i could identify with my new nose . 
 i immediately caught stale popcorn , a mixture of greasy fast food , and more than a hint of human urine . 
 gross . 
 it was n't a surprise with everyone slurping a super-sized soda . 
 i just did n't need to know about it . 
 i picked up a family of rabbits nearby . 
 i was surprised to find i liked the smell . 
 it was a sweet musk and it made me hungry-hungrier than i already was , which was n't saying much . 
 for the next hour and a half , cars entered the lot but few left . 
 around nine , the main area stayed full . 
 it was late summer . 
 at nine-fifteen the streetlights blinked on , triggered by the fading light , spreading dull pools of light over the asphalt . 
 ten minutes later , when the sky settled into darkness , our man drake pulled into the lot . 
 i knew it was him by the make and model of his car . 
 the battered lincoln continental floated up the lanes , right into the overflow area . 
 my hip buzzed a second later , nick alerting me to his arrival . 
 drake swung his boat into a spot not ten feet from where i crouched . 
 his features through the car window were sharp and hawkish . 
 once he turned off his engine , his fingers immediately started drumming the steering wheel . 
 he glanced over his shoulder every two seconds to survey the lot . 
 you 're not getting any tonight , boyo . 
 he 'd make his move tonight . 
 there was little doubt . 
 the thought of permanently wiping that smirk off his face sent a sweet rush of adrenaline racing through my veins , much stronger than it had been earlier today . 
 prey . 
 the word flashed through my mind like a rocket and suddenly my wolf stood at attention , front and center in my mind . 
 she wanted a fight . 
 uh-oh . 
 i could n't fight a dominion battle now , all hell would break loose if i lost . 
 she growled . 
 it was a low menacing sound . 
 shit . 
 drake chose that moment to ease himself from the car . 
 he half slouched , half crept his way through the parked cars . 
 i had no choice but to follow , but i tried to reason with my wolf as i went . 
 you have to let me have this one . 
 i edged along the tree line , staying low , keeping him in my sights . 
 i ca n't let you have control again . 
 we already did that , and i 'm not looking for a repeat of the farmer fiasco . 
 this is too important , you have to let me lead . 
 the wind shifted and i caught a whiff of something faintly sulfuric . 
 a beat later an overwhelming sense of otherness hit me , climbing along my skin like a warning . 
 the hair on my arms rose to attention and my body gave an involuntary shudder . 
 my sensing had kicked in and i 'd picked up drake 's magic , clearly marking him as a supe . 
 that was handy . 
 my wolf sat up straighter , scenting real danger for the first time . 
 crap . 
 i knew the moment drake picked his target , because the scent of his lust wafted over me . 
 his pheromones were repellent , like stale moldy bread . 
 i wrinkled my nose and tried to breathe through my mouth as i crept closer . 
 his lust scent , mixed with the rotten egg smell-the demonic part of his otherness-was now officially burned into my memory banks like a bad acid trip . 
 my brain efficiently categorizing it away for later . 
 wolves could recognize scents , even years later . 
 not exactly a smell i wanted in my arsenal , but it was good to know that if he got away , i could track him down . 
 drake 's victim , or victims in this case , were two girls of no more than fifteen or sixteen . 
 the girls giggled as they walked , totally consumed by their discussion of the boys they planned to meet inside . 
 they were perfect targets . 
 too totally preoccupied with their upcoming adventure to notice the odd man lurking a few car lengths away from them . 
 i slid in closer , shielding myself behind the last tree at the edge of the lot . 
 it was n't much of a cover , but drake was fully absorbed . 
 the noxious amount of lust he was emitting told me he was using all of his primary brainpower on seizing his victims instead of keeping alert for possible danger-which made him a dumbshit , as well as a pedophile . 
 i was only four car lengths away from the group now . 
 drake eased forward , and i dropped to the ground . 
 the girls were chatting more animatedly as they approached a large gap separating this lot from the main parking area . 
 drake would lose them if they cleared the last row of parked cars . 
 `` can you believe how danielle acted last night ? 
 she just threw herself at him . 
 i was so embarrassed for her . '' 
 `` i know , it was ridiculous . 
 as if he would ... '' the skinny blonde in the light blue sundress stopped talking in midsentence . 
 she faltered for a moment , shaking her head . 
 `` becky , i ... i think i left something in the car . 
 i ... i need to go back . '' 
 her voice was stressed . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 what 'd you leave ? '' 
 becky was a foot taller , with long brown curls . 
 `` i dunno ... but i have to get it . 
 i 'll be really quick ... i promise . '' 
 so our friend drake did have persuasion skills . 
 i hoped like hell that was all he had . 
 `` we 're already late , jen , '' becky said impatiently . 
 `` just forget it . 
 honestly , it ca n't be that important if you ca n't even remember what it is . '' 
 `` um . '' 
 jen struggled . 
 she was hearing one thing from her pal , and another in her head . 
 `` no ... you go on ahead ... i 'll catch up . 
 i 'll be really quick . 
 i promise . 
 i just have to get ... this thing . '' 
 becky clearly was n't willing to leave her friend alone . 
 go , becky . 
 she started trailing after the now departing jen . 
 `` i do n't know why you 're doing this . 
 we 're already late . '' 
 two paces in becky stopped abruptly . 
 she shook her head . 
 after a short pause , she mumbled , `` um , okay , jen . 
 you go get it and ... i 'll wait for you ... in the theater . '' 
 even though becky was clearly getting a missive from drake to leave , it took her more than a few seconds to actually tear herself away and head in the opposite direction . 
 she was warring with herself . 
 people with strong will were always harder to persuade than those without . 
 controlling two individuals was going to be a double struggle for drake . 
 it sapped a lot of energy to do a dual persuasion , as nick could attest to , and i hoped he was motherfucking tired . 
 becky trotted off toward the movie theater , while jen wandered back toward her vehicle . 
 drake followed behind her like a shadow , keeping a single car in between them as he went . 
 another shot of sweat-laced , moldy pheromones wafted up my nose . 
 he was getting more and more aroused . 
 it made me want to tear his arms from his body . 
 i was still on the grass , waiting for an opportunity , when my wolf lunged to the surface with no warning whatsoever . 
 she barreled into my psyche like a hammer exploding down on a nail , demanding control in a rush of power . 
 my arms shot forward and i sprang onto the balls of my feet . 
 she was n't going to take no for an answer this time . 
 with gigantic effort , i forced myself to my knees in the grass . 
 i was furious . 
 goddamn it , i 'm not going to lose control again ! 
 do you hear me ? 
 this is my body and we do what i say when i say it ! 
 i plunged my hands into the earth hard enough to break all my nails to the quick . 
 i clutched at the dirt like a life-line , trying to ground myself in my humanness . 
 as she fought for control i closed my eyes and pushed back as hard as i could . 
 i could n't let my wolf take control , it was n't an option . 
 if she ruled me , i could kiss my life goodbye . 
 my arms trembled with the need to change , my muscles shifting under my skin . 
 i clenched my teeth . 
 i could n't believe i 'd been stupid enough to think i could come here tonight . 
 i was a newborn . 
 a ticking time bomb . 
 i had no control . 
 what was i doing here ? 
 i opened my eyes and glanced frantically around me . 
 i had to get out of here . 
 right now . 
 nick could handle drake by himself . 
 i wrenched a hand out of the earth and was about to push the vibrate button twice , when jen 's childish sound of alarm rent the air . 
 drake had made his move . 
 i spotted them quickly . 
 he had her around the waist . 
 jen was struggling , fighting for her life . 
 in his anxiousness , he must have dropped his persuasion over her . 
 either that or he just was n't strong enough to manage both girls at the same time after all . 
 there was no way i was letting sweet , blue-sundressed jen become drake 's latest victim . 
 no more time to think ; i had to act . 
 i closed my eyes once again , and with all the power i could gather i grabbed my human side and shoved it into the forefront of my mind in one massive mental heave . 
 my wolf rose against the tide , snapping and growling , doing her best to block my human instincts as she fought for her own . 
 she wanted to win . 
 but i wanted it more . 
 beads of sweat broke out along my skin , prickling my fore-head . 
 i continued forcing the pressure forward , making it count , not relenting . 
 it was like pushing against a giant rubber band , i had no idea if i was gaining ground . 
 it bowed one way , and then back the other , as we both fought hard for command . 
 i threw one more shock of energy into it and a loud tearing sound reverberated along my senses , like a massive sheet of paper being ripped in half . 
 my mind pulled apart like a photo negative , one side gray , the other side black . 
 both still the same image , but now fully separate . 
 no time to worry about it . 
 i was in control and that was all that mattered . 
 i jumped up and started moving . 
 i 'm in the driver 's seat now , got it ? 
 she was still in my mind , but now she sat just behind an opaque film that had n't been there a moment ago . 
 fighting humans and imps is mine , i told her as i slid between the parked cars . 
 you can have the nasty werewolves . 
 she let out a howl of frustration . 
 we 're searching for harmony here , so feel free to help a girl out . 
 i stopped and crouched lower . 
 i was one car length from drake and jen . 
 he had a grimy hand covering her mouth and one solidly around her middle . 
 he was fully occupied . 
 i shimmied to the edge of the fender . 
 as much as i was aching to jump in right away , i had to be patient . 
 we had to pin drake with everything we could . 
 if i jumped too early , especially since he had the gift of persuasion , he could easily convince jen that nothing had happened and get away scot-free . 
 i could n't risk that . 
 jen bravely kicked and slammed her head into his shoulder over and over . 
 she was fighting a good fight . 
 it was all i could do not to attack then and there . 
 drake was obviously struggling to keep his hold . 
 he finally grabbed her face and hissed something in her ear . 
 she stopped moving instantly . 
 he hurried her back toward his car . 
 i followed closely , keeping myself low and out of sight . 
 i spotted nick across the road . 
 he was right on time , whistling something under his breath , making a good show of a man heading back to his car from a night at the movies . 
 drake saw him immediately and arched himself around , jen still in his arms , changing his plans instantly . 
 he started toward the knoll to get out of sight , just like we 'd thought . 
 drake , although not full on brains , would 've had a loose plan in place . 
 if he failed to get his victim to his car in time , the hill would provide a cover from any human interference . 
 that 's why he 'd picked this particular theater complex . 
 only he had no idea that the only female werewolf on the f ** king planet was coming after him . 
 the moment he disappeared from sight i took off . 
 there was a small cry followed by the sound of a body hitting the ground . 
 i jumped the curb , leaping into the air , clearing the knoll in one jump . 
 drake was already on top of her . 
 from my angle , it was n't clear if he was trying to keep her quiet or if he was going to satiate himself right then and there . 
 it did n't matter , because i was on him one beat later . 
 i hit him hard , smashing into him from the side , and we both went flying . 
 `` take that , ass ** le , '' i growled . 
 i rolled once and was back on my feet . 
 drake readied himself just as quickly , snarling at me , flashing a set of stained , yellowed teeth that looked remarkably sharp . 
 hmm , maybe he had a bit more imp in him than we 'd previously considered . 
 he let out an enraged yowl and came at me with impressive speed , but he was n't nearly as fast as i was . 
 when he was within an arm 's length of me , i swung my right leg around and connected with his ribs . 
 they popped with a satisfying crack and he flew backward ten feet in the air . 
 my wolf gave a delighted yip . 
 see , i 'm not a pansy . 
 you 're going to have to start trusting me . 
 despite his injury , drake was up and on me again . 
 `` you little bitch , '' he hissed . 
 `` i 'm going to make you hurt for that . '' 
 he seemed to have increased strength , as well as persuasion . 
 i was now a hundred percent certain drake jensen was genetically more imp than human . 
 if i had n't just become a full-blooded wolf , i was pretty sure he would have the upper hand and my ass would 've been in serious trouble . 
 i needed more strength . 
 i made a split-second decision and opened myself a little to my wolf . 
 i cracked the opaque barrier a tiny bit and she gleefully burned through me , pumping me with more strength , giving me a satisfied growl in return . 
 drake came at us again , and i dodged him easily . 
 he wheeled around , changing his direction quickly . 
 i braced myself for the impact and we both exploded to the ground . 
 he landed on top , grinning down at me , mistakenly thinking he 'd caught a lucky break . 
 he threw a punch , connecting hard with my left shoulder . 
 it rocked me into the dirt , but as he recoiled to throw another punch , putting space between us , i shimmied my knees up under him and rolled back on my hips . 
 i threw him off in a rush , crossing my fingers that he would hit something hard . 
 i jumped to my feet . 
 my shoulder hitched for a second , healing from the blow . 
 another shot of adrenaline raced through me , courtesy of my wolf . 
 the surge of new power was more than the small opening i 'd just made could sustain for any length of time . 
 the little crack was on track to become a gaping fissure . 
 with my new infusion of strength , i felt fire kindle in my irises . 
 i was certain they were blazing full yellow . 
 drake lunged at me again , feral madness in his own eyes . 
 i spun quickly , pivoting back around , bringing my arm up . 
 using the power in my upper body as a fulcrum , i smashed my fist into his face as we collided . 
 drake 's face imploded in on itself as he flew backward , crashing directly into the small tree behind him , shaking it to its roots . 
 he slid down the base , collapsing into a scumbag heap on the ground . 
 i stood staring , my mouth open , eyes wide for several beats . 
 the thrill of the fight wound tightly inside me like a loaded spring ready to explode . 
 i felt no pain , only pure elation . 
 i forced myself to bend over , bracing my palms on my thighs , taking in several quick breaths . 
 i had to calm down , shut myself off from the adrenaline . 
 but my wolf wanted more , rubbing against my mind like an itch i could n't scratch . 
 she demanded we finish what we 'd started here . 
 i had to settle her . 
 we did it , the bad guy is down . 
 now we have to get ourselves under control , because it 's going be crazy around here any minute . 
 people will be crawling all over . 
 honestly , i could n't have done that without you , but i need to be fully in charge now , and i ca n't do it if you fight me . 
 it 's too damn hard to concentrate when my brain is divided . 
 do you understand ? 
 she gave a frustrated bark , but eased back down . 
 someone was calling my name . 
 `` jess ! 
 jess , are you okay ? '' 
 nick jogged in my direction . 
 `` jesus christ , jess ! 
 that was completely insane . 
 i 've never seen anyone fight like that . 
 i could n't even track you , you were moving so fast . 
 i think you might have killed him . '' 
 he looked from me to the listless pile of drake . 
 i met his eyes and he gasped . 
 `` my god , '' he breathed . 
 `` look at your eyes . 
 they 're fully changed . 
 how in the hell are you doing that ? '' 
 `` they 're still lit ? '' 
 i gasped between breaths . 
 `` i 've got to calm myself down . 
 when the crowd comes i ca n't have glowing yellow eyes . 
 that would be a teensy bit suspicious . '' 
 `` um , jess ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` they 're not ... exactly yellow , '' nick said quietly . 
 `` they 're actually kind of ... purple ... '' i rose to a standing position so quickly i almost tossed myself ass backward . 
 i stumbled to get my footing and opened my mouth to tell nick he had to be out of his frigging mind , but a voice inside my head interrupted me before i could get the words out . 
 jessica ! 
 jessica , what 's going on ! 
 jessica , are you okay ? 
 goddammit ! 
 answer me this instant ! 
 it 's okay , dad ! 
 i 'm here . 
 i put a finger up to nick and turned and walked a few paces away . 
 i 'm fine . 
 there was just ... i had a little trouble at work . 
 are we on an open line here ? 
 no , of course not . 
 your wolf called to mine and i answered , like i 've always done when one of mine is in need . 
 then for some reason ... i could n't connect with you . 
 i could feel his confusion . 
 i 've been trying my damnedest to reach out to you ever since . 
 what in the hell is going on down there ? 
 well . 
 i surveyed the scene in front of me . 
 jen was quietly weeping and drake was still unmoving against the tree . 
 it seems i just won a fight against an angry imp who was gunning to kill me . 
 at least i think he was an imp . 
 he was actually stronger than we 'd originally anticipated . 
 i was n't sure what to say about the next part . 
 and because i underestimated him , i sort of needed ... well , i guess you could say i brought my wolf to the forefront to help me get rid of him , but i did n't shift . 
 if i had n't used her , i 'm not sure i would 've won . 
 i glanced over at the pile of drake bleeding profusely from his face . 
 i think i may have killed him by accident . 
 there was dead silence in my mind . 
 dad ? 
 listen , i 'm so sorry ! 
 i did n't mean to do anything wrong . 
 i honestly do n't know what happened , it all went so fast . 
 a fight like that should 've taken an hour , but it seemed to happen at warp speed . 
 there was no time to slam on the brakes . 
 i just reacted as best i could . 
 i never should have come out tonight on this run , but i thought i could handle it . 
 after a long pause , my father said , jessica , we 'll discuss this later . 
 we have strict pack rules and guidelines that must be followed . 
 no exceptions . 
 you do n't know our ways yet , so i am going to give you some leeway . 
 using your wolf is acceptable , but shifting is not . 
 but i 'm more concerned about your safety right now . 
 it 's my top priority . 
 do you need a cleanup crew ? 
 i can have james and danny there in five minutes . 
 all supernaturals had a strict `` cleanup '' protocol . 
 if we called in the human authorities every time a fight happened between us , our secret would be out with the first dead cadaver . 
 when something with fangs , no working organs , yellow eyes , or pointy ears showed up in the morgue it tended to get noticed . 
 there were breaches , but for the most part every sect followed the rules . 
 i considered taking my father up on it . 
 i 'd never used a cleanup crew before , and it would be so much easier to have drake disappear . 
 no , this one will have to be aboveboard . 
 we have a teenage civilian . 
 something streaked by my peripheral vision . 
 it was becky . 
 she took one look at jen , who was lying where drake had left her , and dropped to her knees , wrapping her arms around her pal crying . 
 make that two civilians . 
 there 's going to be a huge scene in about ten minutes . 
 police , ambulances , concerned parents , the whole nine yards . 
 what can i do ? 
 there 's nothing you can do here . 
 are you at the compound ? 
 yes , i 'm here . 
 the wolves are still ... in some unrest . 
 i am occupied for the moment . 
 what about the tranq ? 
 i knew ray would be breathing down my neck as soon as my involvement with drake came over the wire . 
 jace is putting together medical papers for you and he 'll fax them down tomorrow . 
 he 's confident the lab wo n't be able to identify the serum . 
 he 's going to label you as having some kind of a seizure disorder . 
 got it . 
 becky was beginning to get hysterical . 
 i have to run . 
 jessica ? 
 there 's one more thing . 
 i heard-or rather felt-tension in his voice . 
 yes ? 
 what i say to you now has to be kept between us at all costs . 
 i ca n't stress this enough . 
 do you understand ? 
 anxiety thrummed through the connection . 
 yes , of course i understand . 
 i wo n't repeat it . 
 tonight ? 
 what you did ? 
 blocking me like that ? 
 he took a breath . 
 it 's never been done before . 
 there has never been a wolf strong enough to block me the way you just did . 
 i 'm fairly certain that 's what you were doing-whether you intended to or not . 
 no matter how much power i pushed toward you , and even though your wolf had called to mine , i could n't break through . 
 i felt his fear then . 
 jessica , i felt all your emotions ... and i could n't do a damn thing to control them . 
 well , f ** k. 8 as predicted , the scene was chaos in under ten minutes . 
 huge spotlights drenched every inch of our little pocket of grass . 
 it was lit up like a stadium during the super bowl . 
 the place was crawling with reporters , cops , firefighters , curious moviegoers , theater staff , and a double set of furious parents . 
 nick and i sat half perched out of a squad car , giving our statements to the attending officers . 
 thankfully , ray had n't shown up yet , but there was little doubt he would materialize soon enough . 
 i hoped i 'd be excused before then , but it seemed doubtful . 
 `` okay , ms. hannon . 
 we have what we need for now . 
 someone will be in contact with you soon . 
 mr. jensen 's final condition '' - the female cop nodded toward the ambulance - `` will affect this process , as you know . '' 
 she meant , if drake managed to survive , i would be expected to testify in court , and if he died , well , there would most likely be a detailed investigation into his death . 
 i was n't looking forward to either scenario . 
 before we put a call in to 911 , nick had persuaded both girls , changing the story of what had really happened to something easier to swallow . 
 poor jen would retain most of her `` before '' part clearly-but watching me almost kill her attacker bare-handed with stupefying speed had been tweaked as necessary . 
 in the spirit of things , nick had even coaxed her out of severe shock before the paramedics arrived , which had been a big task because he 'd also had the wailing becky to contend with . 
 my right hand , where it 'd connected with drake 's jaw , had completely healed in a matter of minutes , so blaming hand-to-hand combat on what had happened to drake 's face was completely implausible . 
 while nick was busy tending the girls , i 'd devised a quick solution with an appropriately sized rock . 
 i pressed it into the contours of drake 's face , smearing the surface of the stone with an adequate amount of blood and tissue . 
 thankfully drake had n't stirred during the process-and to my relief , he had n't been quite dead either . 
 supernaturals , on the whole , were tough to kill . 
 but that did n't mean he 'd be waking up anytime soon . 
 his injuries were severe-even for a supe . 
 the story i told the police was that i 'd snuck up on him with the trusty rock , interrupting his attack , and hit him with more force than i 'd intended . 
 the story had n't accounted for any of the other injuries to his body , but there was a chance drake would heal some of his own wounds by the time he arrived at the hospital . 
 that would certainly help . 
 i glanced over the officer 's shoulder as they loaded drake into the back of the ambulance . 
 he 'd already been in a human jail , but i had no idea if he 'd ever been in a hospital . 
 an imp 's blood was n't exactly a red flag . 
 most of the time their blood was classified as hemophilic . 
 the officer handed back my id . 
 `` i understand the process , '' i said . 
 `` is there anything else ? '' 
 `` will we be able to contact you at this number tomorrow ? '' 
 she read back my cell phone number . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then you 're free to go . '' 
 nick was still giving his statement , so i stood outside the car and waited . 
 our story should hold as long as the persuasion held and jen did n't decide to change her side of the story to , `` the girl with the glowing violet eyes beat him to death with her fists . '' 
 unfortunately , blue-sundressed jen would likely have dreams containing pieces of the true events her entire life . 
 the subconscious was a powerful thing , and this had been an extremely traumatic event for her . 
 lucky for us , and her , nick was one of the strongest wielders of the gift . 
 there were only a few humans who had n't succumbed to his efforts , and the guy heading straight toward me was one of them . 
 cripes . 
 no matter how many times nick had tried , raymond hart 's mind had never taken to persuasion . 
 the alterations in his line of thinking never stuck for more than an hour at most . 
 and ray always acted crazy for the next few days . 
 he had no idea what had happened to him , just that something had , and he always blamed me , his anger becoming more intense every time we tried . 
 it was a lost cause , so we 'd stopped trying . 
 `` ray , it 's such a nice surprise to see you here , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm assuming you rushed all the way over here , nowhere near your jurisdiction , to make sure i was safe after my awful run-in with a pedophile . 
 thanks for caring so much , big guy . '' 
 i mocked punching his arm `` cut the shit , hannon . 
 this has your name written all over it , '' he said . 
 `` well , yes it does , does n't it ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i guess it makes sense my name would be attached to it , since i 'm the one who took the creep down a few minutes ago . 
 if it had someone else 's name attached , we 'd be in a quandary . '' 
 `` you do n't fool me for one minute . 
 destruction follows you like metal to a magnet . 
 i do n't care if you have some lousy , half-concocted story about why you happened to be here tonight . 
 or why you knew exactly when an attempted teenage rape was going to take place . 
 or why there 's a man over there with half his face caved in . '' 
 ray took a step forward , getting into my personal space . 
 he was actually pretty good at intimidation for a non-wolf . 
 i was n't shaking in my boots , but he 'd made me think twice . 
 my wolf was n't the least interested , which was nice . 
 i did n't need that complication right now . 
 but if ray continued to push , there was no doubt she 'd want in on the action at some point . 
 `` i know , '' he continued in a harsh whisper . 
 `` i know you have something more to do with this than you 're letting on . 
 i can feel it in my bones . 
 and when i find out what it is , i 'm going to throw your ass in jail , make no mistake about it . 
 and when i do , i 'm gon na sing to the high heavens . 
 you 're going down , hannon . 
 and there 's not a damn thing you can do to stop it . '' 
 he turned on his heel and stalked away , his swagger assuring me he meant every last word . 
 i knew he was going to stick his nose into the drake investigation , and i also had a sinking feeling if he made a lot of noise our thin story would n't hold up . 
 a coroner would know better , if he or she was forced to make a serious assessment about a possible murder weapon . 
 it most likely would not come back in my favor . 
 if drake lived , my life would be much easier . 
 i yawned . 
 i needed some sleep . 
 `` let 's get out of here . 
 i 'm beat , '' i said to nick , who 'd just finished up and was walking around the car . 
 `` beat does n't cover it . 
 what a crazy-ass night , '' nick said . 
 it was only ten-thirty , but it felt like three a.m. . 
 we walked across the parking lot and i poured myself into the passenger side . 
 nick slipped behind the wheel . 
 i mindlessly grabbed the bag of pastries and fished the last one out and took a bite as nick drove away . 
 nick was quiet for a while before he finally turned to me . 
 `` jess , now that you 're a full-blooded werewolf everything is going to be different . 
 you get that , right ? 
 especially with a serious threat like ray hart . 
 before , he was a mild inconvenience in your life , but now he 'll be viewed by pack as a direct threat . 
 you 'll be protected at all costs whether you like it or not . '' 
 nick kept his eyes on the road . 
 `` that 's pack law to the letter . 
 we all follow it . 
 if there 's even a slight chance ray might find out what you are , or if he comes too close , or threatens you physically ... '' `` you mean , i 'll be protected by some at all costs , '' i answered with a snip . 
 `` i have a distinct feeling pack law wo n't fully apply to me . 
 there 's no precedent for a female in pack , and the wolves are in an uproar already and they only suspect i 've changed . 
 i can name quite a few wolves who 'd be elated to let ray do their job for them . 
 it would be much less dirty that way . '' 
 nick gave a faint psst sound . 
 `` please . 
 do you think your father is going to let ray hart-or anyone else for that matter-threaten you outright ? 
 you 're his daughter , for chris-sake . 
 anyone dumb enough to lash out at you will be paying a huge price-like with their life . 
 wolves wo n't take that risk easily no matter how much they grumble . 
 waging war against pack is no small thing . 
 some wolves may be pissed now , but when it comes time to choose , they wo n't leave callum mcclain . 
 your dad is the strongest alpha on the planet . 
 they 're going to come around and accept you ... eventually . 
 they have to . 
 ray does n't stand a chance if he does n't back down . '' 
 nick was right . 
 ray had catapulted himself into a game he could n't possibly win . 
 even though i disliked him for a thousand reasons , i did n't want to be the impetus of his death . 
 i 'd joined the police force all those years ago not only because i was good at it , but because i actually believed in the notion of justice . 
 the right to live and be free . 
 without those two things , i would n't be alive right now . 
 unfortunately , that viewpoint was n't embraced among wolves . 
 in fact , it did n't even exist for them . 
 they had no philosophical debate going on in their minds about humans ; it 'd always been cut-and-dry . 
 humans were necessary , but not equal . 
 end of story . 
 i 'd lived up to this point as a human , and killing one for no other reason than to keep his silence was n't going to happen if i had anything to say about it . 
 when the time came , and if it was up to me , i 'd find another way . 
 there had to be another way . 
 `` well , '' i said . 
 `` we 'll just have to make damn sure raymond hart does n't step in any deeper , then . 
 we 're going to have to make sure he follows up other leads . 
 the ones we plant . '' 
 i closed my eyes both physically and figuratively on the topic . 
 my eyes burned and i needed sleep . 
 it was safe to say i could add exhaustion to my list of newborn traits . 
 my body was still adjusting to the changes . 
 it was going to take time , and i planned to use that time curled up in bed . 
 the ride home took fifteen minutes and i dozed off completely . 
 nick pulled into my parking lot and turned off the car . 
 i opened my eyes and yawned . 
 `` thanks for the ride . 
 but now you have to walk - '' screaming ripped through my consciousness . 
 i lunged forward , grabbing on to the dashboard . 
 my fingers punched right though the plastic . 
 shit . 
 this night was just getting where the hell are you ? 
 jessica ! 
 jessica ! 
 can you hear me ? 
 jessica ... tyler , i 'm here ! 
 you can stop yelling now . 
 i yanked my fingers out of the dashboard one at a time . 
 molded plastic did n't puncture uniformly , it cracked . 
 what is it ? 
 what 's wrong ? 
 nick glanced over at me , one eyebrow slightly raised . 
 i lifted my freed index finger and placed it on my forehead . 
 he gave me a sympathetic smile . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 tyler grumbled . 
 what 's wrong is i 've been trying to get into your head for the last f ** king hour . 
 you start calling some guy an ass ** le and then i feel this wicked pulsating anger thing , and then nothing . 
 completely blank . 
 you blocked me . 
 how in the hell did you cut me off ? 
 my dad 's words rang as a warning in my head . 
 i trusted tyler with my life , he was my brother , but the last thing i was going to do was place him in jeopardy . 
 caution was my new best friend . 
 the less any wolf knew at this point , the better , and that included tyler . 
 i selected my words carefully , knowing he 'd be able to sense a lie if i did n't believe what i was saying to be true . 
 i have no idea , ty . 
 blocking you was n't a conscious thing on my part . 
 i can assure you that much . 
 i must have cut you off accidentally when the fight started . 
 what goddamn fight ? 
 his impatience was loud and clear . 
 i fought the imp we were tailing tonight when he grabbed a teen . 
 he turned out to be more than i bargained for , but i won . 
 how in the hell can i possibly protect you if i ca n't even find you ? 
 tyler shouted . 
 i put a finger up to my temple and pressed . 
 being yelled at inside my head was making my head ache . 
 nick was supposed to be with you tonight ! 
 where the hell was nick ? 
 he was with me . 
 it was my choice to go after the imp . 
 nick had nothing to do with it . 
 my brother 's emotions simmered as images of my death floated through his subconscious . 
 it startled the hell out of me . 
 quit doing that ! 
 i can see what you 're thinking ! 
 jess , i thought you died tonight . 
 his voice was n't above a whisper . 
 again . 
 my heart jumped . 
 tyler , honestly , i 'm so sorry . 
 i did n't mean to scare you . 
 it was n't anything i did on purpose , i swear . 
 if i would have heard you , i would 've answered . 
 i promise . 
 even if it was only to tell you to get the hell out of my head so i could concentrate on the fight . 
 i formed the next thoughts carefully . 
 i think it 's safe to say a female werewolf is a complete unknown , just like we talked about today . 
 my mind may not work the same as yours . 
 i have no idea what 's happening to me . 
 or what will happen in the future . 
 none of us do . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i have a feeling this is going to be one giant clusterfuck , just like everyone has always predicted , and i 'm recommending we wake ourselves up . 
 it 's time to face facts . 
 well , shit . 
 the old tyler was back . 
 my sentiments exactly . 
 but right now , instead of trying to fix everything and figure it all out , i 'm going to sleep on it . 
 and while i 'm at it , i can hopefully scrub the bloody pictures of my grisly death courtesy of your brain out of mind . 
 i yawned . 
 james and danny are still trying to track you down . 
 i 'll give them a call and tell them you 're safe . 
 thanks , i appreciate it . 
 i know you have n't had to watch my back since i left the compound , but it feels good having you there again . 
 it 's what i 'm here for , sis . 
 just do me a favor and do n't get yourself into any more trouble tonight . 
 it 's not on the agenda , trust me . 
 i can promise you that much . 
 i 'm going inside and getting some much-needed sleep . 
 there was a brush against my senses and he was gone . 
 i laid my head back on the headrest and turned to nick , who had patiently waited for me to finish my conversation . 
 he frowned with concern , and his eyes held a questioning look that had n't been there a few moments ago . 
 `` oh no , '' i said . 
 `` you ca n't start in on me tonight . 
 please do n't say anything . 
 i do n't want to hear it . '' 
 i swiveled my head toward the ceiling and closed my eyes . 
 `` please , nick . 
 i do n't think i can take any more tonight . '' 
 `` um ... '' he started . 
 `` it 's just ... '' i waved off his sentence with my hand . 
 `` i mean it , nick . '' 
 my eyes were still closed . 
 `` in all honesty , this whole wolf thing is completely freaking me out . 
 i 've kept a lid on it all day so i could stay focused on pretending to be normal . 
 i do n't need you to freak out along with me . 
 you 're my rock . 
 you 're my best friend . 
 i need that right now . 
 i do n't need an interrogator . 
 i have no idea what 's going on , and i do n't have any answers for you anyway . 
 so let 's curtail this question-and-answer thing until i know more . '' 
 nick reached over and grabbed on to my hand . 
 for the first time , i realized i 'd been smelling nick 's scent clearly for a while now . 
 he smelled like a mixture of cedar and fresh rain . 
 it fit him perfectly . 
 and , as an added bonus , it calmed me and made me feel happy . 
 i guess it always had , and i just never knew it . 
 `` jess , i 'll always be here for you . 
 no matter what , '' he said . 
 `` i pledged my life to you , and to this pack , a long time ago-but even more than that , i love you . 
 you 're my sister and my best friend . 
 i 'd gladly fight anyone to the death if they ever threatened you . 
 well , except for drake , who you got to handle on your own . 
 but , honestly , there is nothing i would n't do for you . '' 
 `` i know , nick . 
 i love you too . '' 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` i promise , we can talk soon , but i 'm going to need time to process everything . 
 it 's been so much at once and such a major change in my life . 
 i just need to figure it out before i 'm ready to dissect it and put it all on the table . 
 that 's all i 'm asking . '' 
 `` i hear you . '' 
 he released my hand . 
 `` but , honestly , can we just talk about the eyes for a minute ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 there was nothing about nick i did n't love . 
 `` nope . '' 
 i stretched my arms out in front of my body , trying to rouse myself . 
 `` no eyes , no strength , no weird anger smell , no nothing . 
 it 's all off the docket for now . '' 
 nick eyed me . 
 i could feel him evaluating my mood , wondering if he could push the issue a teensy bit more . 
 instead , he shifted in his seat , leaning over and placing a small kiss on the top of my head . 
 `` do you want me to walk you in ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 i saw danny today and they have it covered . 
 go home . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 `` gotcha . 
 i think i 'll go for a run . '' 
 nick slid out of the car . 
 `` i could use a good run right about now , let the stress out . 
 try to make it in before noon tomorrow , okay ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` the alarm will be on . '' 
 he shut the door and i watched him take off through the parking lot , his graceful body moving fluidly like the shifter he was . 
 i slumped back in my seat , thinking about everything that had happened tonight . 
 my brain still whirled and i wanted to put everything to rest . 
 blocking your alpha was impossible . 
 it was clear evidence that something was wrong-i was officially a problem my father could n't control . 
 if that information got out , the pack would never accept me . 
 the alpha was in place for a reason ; he was at the top to control all others . 
 if i did n't fit into the hierarchy , they would take me down . 
 wolves needed structure and hated change . 
 they feared the unknown and hated anything they could n't explain . 
 i was the epitome of those things wrapped into one . 
 9 i was almost to my apartment door when a rich , unfamiliar voice reverberated along the folds in my mind . 
 i stopped in my tracks and glanced around . 
 nobody else was in the hallway . 
 the voice brushed along my brain again like a soft , steamy caress . 
 it was less concrete-more like it was being manifested from inside my brain , rather than outside . 
 it did n't sound like my brother or my father 's voice at all . 
 thank goodness , because what it had just said to me was filthy as hell . 
 it came again , whispering along my senses , and i finally recognized the timbre . 
 the voice in my head was colin rourke , my potential new client . 
 i listened for a moment and then blushed like a madwoman . 
 what 's going on ? 
 this has to be a trick . 
 rourke 's throaty voice washed over me again and tingles erupted on the pads of my fingers all the way to my toes , hitting all the important parts along the way . 
 i could n't help shivering . 
 um ... chocolate syrup goes where ? 
 sex and food . 
 it was too much . 
 i shook my head , trying to knock it out of my brain . 
 marcy had to be playing a joke on me , getting me back for making her worry . 
 it was the only real explanation . 
 what else could it be ? 
 what a minx . 
 i glanced down the hallway again just to make sure she was n't giggling behind someone 's door . 
 the voice continued without pause . 
 graphically . 
 no , no , caramel ca n't go there . 
 it 's too sticky for that . 
 before i could do anything to stop myself , my ni ** les budded to hard peaks under my shirt . 
 i was totally and completely turned on . 
 damn you traitorous body parts . 
 no guy 's voice should be in my brain without my permission , but it did n't stop me from imagining what he smelled like . 
 rich pine boughs or salty ocean was my best guess , possibly with a hint of fresh rain . 
 yum . 
 a rush of wetness hit my panties . 
 jesus christ ! 
 this was too much . 
 the joke had gone too far . 
 marcy , if you 're in my head , get the hell out ! 
 it 's not funny . 
 i 'm going to practical joke you to death . 
 do you hear me ? 
 to death ! 
 i had to be temporarily out of my mind to get that turned on by an imaginary voice . 
 i straightened and walked briskly to my door , keys out at the ready . 
 i did n't even know what the guy looked like , hot voice or not ; this was not an appropriate reaction . 
 it was wrong on so many levels . 
 marcy 's scrawny ass was mine . 
 i stopped in front of my door and a low growl escaped my diaphragm with no provoking on my part . 
 did i just growl ? 
 i growled again . 
 suddenly it all made sense . 
 marcy had n't been messing with me . 
 why would you possibly do something like that ? 
 i asked my wolf , even though i already knew the answer . 
 this was payback for winning my dominion . 
 she snapped her teeth at me . 
 if you start playing games with me , how in the hell am i supposed to trust you ? 
 last time i checked , we were in this together . 
 we share the same mind and body , for better or worse . 
 if i 'm horny and unsatisfied-you 're horny and unsatisfied . 
 got it ? 
 i grumbled . 
 we have to get this we 're - playing-on-the-same-team thing figured out . 
 if not , it 's going to tear us apart . 
 and guess what ? 
 i 'm holding you completely responsible if we ca n't . 
 hear that ? 
 your . 
 fault . 
 she huffed at me like i was an idiot . 
 then fed me an image of her lying on her back wiggling around like she was trying to scratch an itch . 
 she got up , paced a few times in a circle before lying down with her head on her paws . 
 then she closed her eyes and shut me out . 
 just like that . 
 very mature , i told her . 
 no response . 
 i shook my head and unlocked my apartment door . 
 i pushed it open and inhaled an unfamiliar scent . 
 werewolf . 
 then he was on me . 
 he lunged at me from my left side , where he 'd been hidden by the shadow of the door , plowing into me with the force of a battering ram , slamming my door shut in the process . 
 my upper body jerked backward and we both crashed to the floor . 
 we skidded , me on the bottom with a two-hundred-pound werewolf anchored to my chest . 
 unimpeded by a single lick of furniture , we crashed into the opposite wall , blowing out the bottom sheetrock . 
 i was pinned . 
 he was in his full animal form , and it was all i could do to keep his snapping jaws from my face . 
 my hands clung to the fur around his neck and i held on for dear life as we rolled back and forth across the floor . 
 `` get off me , '' i gasped as we took another turn . 
 my wolf 's ears were pinned back , a fierce snarl reverberating through my psyche , adrenaline and strength pounding through me . 
 the same psyche she 'd just been messing with a few seconds ago . 
 the werewolf 's foul , mangy breath wafted over me , his eyes radiating a fierce , pulsating yellow . 
 i absorbed everything she sent me as quickly as i could . 
 without it , i 'd already be dead . 
 the constant infusion of power gave me a small edge . 
 my arms hardened , growing stronger by the second . 
 i managed to wrench my attacker 's jaws backward a few precious inches , twisting my fists farther into his fur , like i was wrapping my hands up in a dish towel . 
 when my hands were strung into his fur as far as they could go , i gave a little . 
 just enough . 
 he came down hard , viciously snapping at my face , his jaws within a hairsbreadth of tearing my skin . 
 then i extended my arms forward , snapping my elbow in a quick motion , at the same time twisting his head to the side . 
 there was a small but satisfying crack . 
 one angry yowl and he went still , the weight of his head falling heavily into my arms . 
 `` that 's what you get for messing with me , '' i panted , my hands still firmly planted in his fur . 
 adrenaline pumped through me at a steady pace . 
 it was delicious . 
 the strength dizzying . 
 one twitch , and the wolf 's head shot up off my chest . 
 shit . 
 this one must heal faster than normal . 
 i had n't really thought i 'd killed him-that would 've been too easy-but a girl could dream . 
 my arms were still firmly entwined in his fur , so i kept him back as his teeth gnashed inches from my face . 
 he unleashed a low , nasty growl as his jowls dripped thick saliva on my chest . 
 well , hell . 
 fear pierced me deep in the chest for the first time . 
 i might lose . 
 this wolf was too strong for me . 
 as quickly as the thought entered my mind , a massive tide of power surged up inside , pushing against me so fiercely i almost let go . 
 in an instant , my fingers pulsed , my nails morphing to sharp points . 
 my canines followed , lengthening to deadly spears in my mouth . 
 my muscles danced under my skin , pulling and shifting . 
 fur sprung heavily along my forearms . 
 no pain this time . 
 instead it was exhilarating . 
 my attacker lifted his nose and scented the air , growling as he registered the power shift . 
 his eyes blazed with a cold fury . 
 my wolf was not going to be denied a fight this time . 
 she slammed against the barrier that still held , even though it was cracked , whining and barking . 
 be my guest . 
 i do n't think i 'm going to win this without you anyway . 
 i focused hard to drop the wall between us . 
 it did n't fall easily , but the small fissure that i 'd made before finally ruptured under the force and our minds snapped together like a slingshot as we merged . 
 then all hell broke loose . 
 i reared up and sank my new fangs into the side of his neck and ripped happily . 
 he let out a strangled howl and tried to scramble backward . 
 i 'd missed his jugular by an inch . 
 my new claws were now fully embedded into his neck and blood flowed in rivers down my arms , coating us both . 
 he howled again , trying to shake himself free . 
 in one powerful heave , i flung him away and sprang to my feet , power rushing through me in a sweet continuous current , hitting every single nerve ending . 
 my wolf was in control of the fight , she was leading , but i was there . 
 it was different than before . 
 we were united this time , but she had the wheel . 
 my attacker paced back and forth in front of me . 
 blood coursed down the wound in his neck , dripping onto my recently mopped floor in thick dark streams . 
 he leapt without warning . 
 i was ready . 
 my body launched itself into the air and we clashed in the middle . 
 the only way to kill a wolf was to sever the vertebrae completely . 
 no more impulses from the brain and you were done . 
 i 'd only cracked his neck before . 
 anything other than killing him at this point was not an option . 
 if he gained the upper hand for even a moment , i was dead . 
 we rolled again , my arms coming around his body tightly . 
 as we fought , my body continued to change and morph . 
 we rolled twice before smashing against the plywood inside my sliding glass door . 
 it wavered for a moment before it crashed down on top of us , startling my attacker . 
 it was the edge i needed . 
 as the werewolf lifted his head and shoulders up to dislodge the wood , i slid my feet into his soft underbelly . 
 then i punched my legs forward , tossing him , and the board , off me in one powerful thrust . 
 blood ran down my legs . 
 as i brought my legs back , i saw that my claws had ripped through my running shoes , tearing into his belly , eviscerating him . 
 foot claws were definitely a dandy new feature . 
 the plywood crashed into my breakfast bar a split second before my attacker hit it , snapping the board in half with a decisive clap . 
 he was up in the next moment , and so was i. his dirty yellow eyes narrowed on me and he shook his head . 
 the toss and the stomach wound were n't going to stop him , but he was more leery of me now . 
 `` not what you were expecting , huh ? 
 you filthy piece of crap . '' 
 my voice came out low and gravelly , surprising me . 
 it sounded nothing like my normal tone . 
 my eyebrows shot up and i glanced down the length of my body . 
 i was partially changed . 
 it had n't occurred to me , but if i had to stop now to finish the shift , i 'd be dead before i woke up and old yellow eyes over there would chuckle as he let himself out my front door . 
 i extended both my arms in front of me . 
 the werewolf growled , but stayed put . 
 my claws were fully formed , sharp and nasty-looking . 
 the backs of my hands , all the way up my arms , were covered in a smoky gray fur . 
 muscles bulged where i had no idea muscles should be . 
 i brought a finger up to my jaw , patting it carefully against my nose . 
 my snout had extended , giving room to my new massive canines , but it was n't a full muzzle . 
 my hair was down , flowing all over the place . 
 it had burst from its keepings at some point and was irritatingly long . 
 i was thankful my attacker did n't have hands . 
 i lifted a leg . 
 thick muscle stretched my shiny spandex to its absolute limit . 
 holes dotted the seams where the fabric had started to give way , and gray fur shot through in patches . 
 even though i was busy taking inventory , my wolf was deathly focused on our intruder . 
 the werewolf circled us slowly , sniffing the air and growling fiercely . 
 he was healing at an alarming rate . 
 he was massively injured , and my self-examination was aiding his recovery time . 
 i could n't risk a drop and change now , and i had no idea if my body would force a shift on me , but i had no choice but to continue fighting and hope i could beat him before he killed me . 
 `` did n't think i could kick your ass , did you ? '' 
 i growled . 
 `` you should 've thought of that the first time . 
 now it 's time to come and get it . '' 
 i did n't wait for him to respond . 
 i lunged at him quick as lightning , my arms locking around his neck before he could register his surprise . 
 i went for the kill . 
 he struggled hard as i yanked him up , my elbow cocked under his muzzle , his bulky head forced back against my shoulder with no wiggle room . 
 i wrenched back , dragging him with me as i pivoted on the floor , my new claws digging into the floorboards to stabilize me . 
 i spun hard , gaining momentum . 
 my strength amazed me . 
 there was no way i should be this strong . 
 manhandling the weight of this werewolf did n't even register . 
 in one clean motion , i twisted his neck and flung him straight at the brick wall my apartment shared with the outside . 
 he crashed into it like a wrecking ball . 
 the bricks held as several pops rang out and he fell to the floor . 
 `` good riddance , '' i snarled . 
 more like gurgled . 
 my hand went to my neck , still surprised by how i sounded . 
 my head turned toward the noise a second before my door exploded inward . 
 james , my father 's second , barreled into my apartment , his eyes glowing amber . 
 `` what in the bloody hell 's going on ? '' 
 his accent was thick , and it echoed off my walls like a shot , making me quiver . 
 he was a very strong wolf , even in human form . 
 i stared stupidly at him . 
 then i turned and pointed a clawed finger at the mass still lying inert on the floor . 
 james reached the fallen wolf in three steps , putting a hand into his fur , searching for life . 
 `` neck 's broken . 
 no pulse . '' 
 i spun around to face the door as my brother shot into the room , followed closely by nick and danny . 
 tyler came to a screeching halt in front of me , his eyebrows at his hairline , his mouth open . 
 `` what the - '' nick pulled up just short of plowing right into him , but steadied himself quickly . 
 he locked eyes on me . 
 danny stopped beside tyler 's left shoulder , covering his mouth in a gesture he usually used when he was trying hard to stop himself from uttering something completely vulgar . 
 everyone was motionless for a few seconds . 
 then danny dropped his hand and uttered one single word in a thunderstruck whisper . 
 `` lycan . '' 
 i had no idea what was happening . 
 the adrenaline still pumped through my veins like a raging river , but very slowly my body eased itself back to normal . 
 my teeth and nails receded and my muscles softened . 
 when i found my voice , it sounded normal again . 
 `` what 's the matter with you guys ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` shut the damn door before my whole floor knows what 's going on ! 
 we need to clean this up . 
 yes , i did n't finish my shift , so the hell what ? 
 you can stare at me all you want later ! 
 let 's get moving before the cops arrive . '' 
 nobody moved . 
 i stared at nick , who still looked confused . 
 `` get out to the hallway ! 
 there was enough screaming and banging in here to raise the goddamn dead . 
 you 're going to have to use your gift quickly before there 's a herd of people clamoring on my doorstep . '' 
 he continued to stare at me with a dumb look on his face . 
 `` now , nick ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he shook himself and turned on his heel , darting back into the hallway . 
 voices were already gathering . 
 maybe they were n't sure which apartment it was coming from . 
 that would be a miracle . 
 it felt like the fight had gone on for hours , but in actuality it had only been about five minutes at the most . 
 if the police were n't here in the next five , it really would be a miracle . 
 i turned to danny . 
 `` danny , if you have n't already guessed , there 's a breach in your security . 
 no way this guy should 've gotten through , unless he was somehow spelled . 
 now get the hell out there and help nick while we cover our tracks . 
 if the cops show , we 're screwed . 
 we 're going to need time to get him '' - i pointed to the dead wolf - `` out of here as soon as possible . '' 
 danny 's face broke into a wide grin . 
 `` will do . 
 i 'll get to the bottom of it , and whoever 's responsible for letting him in will pay in full , i assure you . '' 
 he ducked into the hallway . 
 james still crouched next to the dead wolf , who was now in the process of changing back into his human form . 
 when wolves died , they reverted back to their humanness . 
 it was an adaptation insurance policy . 
 tyler was the only other person left in the room . 
 he stared at me . 
 `` cut it out , '' i accused . 
 `` you 're freaking me out . '' 
 he took a step toward me . 
 `` it ca n't be . '' 
 his voice tinged with fear . 
 `` jess , this just ca n't be possible . '' 
 `` tyler . '' 
 you 're pissing me off , i said inside his head . 
 out loud i continued , `` i honestly have no idea what you 're talking about . 
 but if you have n't noticed , we 're kind of in the middle of a crisis here . '' 
 i gestured angrily toward the dead body , and then to the hallway . 
 there were twice as many voices out there as before . 
 he still did n't move . 
 `` okay , fine , '' i said , crossing my arms across my chest . 
 thank goodness my shirt was still in one piece , even though it had ripped in a few places . 
 `` you want to label me a freak because i did n't finish my shift ? 
 fine , i 'm a freak . 
 but , honestly , it 's a damn good thing i did n't have to drop to change , or i 'd likely be dead right now . 
 then all your gruesome death visions of me would 've been accurate , and my bloody , broken body would 've haunted your dreams forever . 
 do you really think furry joe over there would 've waited patiently for me to finish my shift ? 
 there was no time ! '' 
 `` jess , that 's not - '' `` tyler ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 i was finished with this conversation . 
 `` we can talk about this later . 
 if we do n't get this body out of here before ray arrives , he will bring the entire police force down on our heads . 
 if he finds a dead man in my apartment-i go to jail . 
 period . 
 we can not kill the entire police force ! '' 
 tyler physically shook himself and walked over to the body . 
 he crouched beside james and asked , `` do you recognize him ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 james took in a deep breath , mouth open , nostrils flared . 
 `` his scent does n't register at all , so i know i 've never met him face-to-face either . '' 
 my cell phone rang . 
 it was on the floor in the corner , where my purse had been flung when i 'd been attacked . 
 i was surprised it was still intact . 
 i walked over and punched the talk button without looking at the number . 
 i knew exactly who it was . 
 `` jessica ! '' 
 my father roared into the phone . 
 i pulled it several feet away from my eardrum . 
 `` what in the hell is going on ? 
 your wolf called to mine for a second time tonight , and you cut me off again ! 
 goddammit ! 
 i ca n't help you if you keep doing that ! '' 
 his anger was palpable . 
 it sent a searing , physical wave into the room and attacked my emotions on so many levels . 
 james 's face was inscrutable . 
 tyler looked away . 
 they both went back to figuring out how to get the mystery man off the floor , ignoring my conversation completely . 
 i paced away , back into my bedroom . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dad . 
 honestly , i have no idea what 's going on . 
 i did n't mean to block you again . 
 it 's nothing i 'm doing on purpose . 
 i do n't feel a trigger from you or anything . 
 if i did , i would 've answered right away . '' 
 `` jessica , just tell me what 's going on down there , '' he said , forcibly trying to calm himself . 
 `` i 'm trying to keep you safe , and it seems i 've missed the godforsaken mark entirely . 
 this ca n't keep happening . 
 i feel you , i know something 's wrong , and i ca n't figure out what 's going on . 
 it 's maddening . '' 
 `` dad , my secret is out . 
 there 's no slipping under the radar anymore . 
 someone knows . 
 there was a rogue waiting for me when i got home . 
 i was careless , thinking about other ... things '' - there was no way i was going into that - `` and i was n't paying attention . 
 i have no idea how he got in . 
 it must 've been the balcony , because i did n't smell him in the hall . 
 it was a mistake thinking i could fly undetected for even one day . '' 
 i sat down on my bed , feeling defeated . 
 `` we made a grave mistake , '' my father said . 
 `` i made a mis-take when i sent you home . 
 i should 've listened to my gut . 
 i knew it was going to be risky no matter what we did , but i should 've kept you here , where i could 've protected you myself . 
 i was dreaming , hoping the wolves would stay calm . 
 it was a mistake . '' 
 `` there was no way you could 've known for sure , '' i said . 
 `` none of us knew . 
 we had to try . 
 i do n't regret trying . 
 i liked my life . 
 i 'm sorry to see it go . '' 
 after a beat of silence . 
 `` tell me what happened , '' he said . 
 `` all of it . '' 
 i gave him a complete replay of the entire evening . 
 i started with the imp and ended with walking into my apartment , minus the sexcapade . 
 when i got to the part about changing only partially into my wolf form , i faltered . 
 `` then i gave physical control over to my wolf ... and i started to change ... but ... i sort of stopped midway through ... um , i 'm actually not quite sure what happened ... '' his silence was so deep it scared me . 
 i waited a few beats . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 `` did you hold this form for long ? 
 were you able to fight in it ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'll be down there first thing in the morning . 
 i 'm calling a pack council meeting tonight . 
 the entire council should be able to make it into the city by eight a.m. if they leave now . 
 if your secret is officially out , we will address it then to the whole pack . 
 this thing will be out and we will deal with it accordingly . '' 
 `` dad ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` you ca n't leave it like that . 
 what 's going on ? 
 you have to tell me what 's going on . 
 danny said a word ... he said ` lycan ' to me . 
 what did he mean ? 
 i know what a lycan is , but why did he call me that ? '' 
 lycans were our ancestors , the original werewolves . 
 we evolved from them thousands of years ago . 
 we were different from them now , but i did n't know exactly how or why . 
 `` jessica , we will talk about this tomorrow , '' he said firmly . 
 `` i want to talk about it now . '' 
 after years of dealing with each other , we 'd both learned some very valuable lessons . 
 if my father had no intention of telling me over the phone , he would hang up and that would be that . 
 i would either accept his decision or hold it against him later , making his life harder than it needed to be . 
 i waited . 
 he sighed . 
 `` jessica , i do n't know anything for sure , because i have n't seen it myself , but i think it means you are able to do something no other werewolf has been able to do for thousands of years . 
 there have only been myths and legends floating around about what our ancestors were truly capable of doing . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` a true lycan has not been witnessed in my lifetime . 
 the term ` lycan ' specifically means you are able to maintain a perfect suspended form between beast and human . 
 you are able to shift at will , while maintaining your human form . 
 no other wolf can do such a thing . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` including myself . '' 
 holy crap . 
 `` it 's the ultimate fighting weapon , and it is revered in our legends as unparalleled . 
 in the days of old , lycans ruled the supernaturals . 
 there were none stronger . 
 we 've evolved over the centuries to accommodate man , and have lost some of those great abilities . '' 
 my dad sounded tired as he added , `` there is an old proverb among us that states , ` he who holds the power of lycan will be lord over all . ' '' 
 i was stunned into complete silence . 
 `` i will be there in the morning . 
 i will stop at the safe house for an update from tyler first . 
 you are to stay in your apartment and you are not to leave . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` jessica , that is a direct order . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` hand the phone to james . '' 
 i did . 
 10 i ran a wet washcloth over my face and rinsed the last of the smeared blood down the drain . 
 i 'd been avoiding the mirror . 
 trying to imagine what i looked like as a half wolf , half human did n't come easily to me . 
 i squared my shoulders over the sink . 
 it was now or never . 
 the mess in my living room was n't going to wait indefinitely . 
 lifting my head , i gazed into my reflection . 
 i looked like my normal self , only more worn out . 
 my hair was messy , falling everywhere , but it was back to my regular length . 
 i had contusions all over , but they were healing fast . 
 i leaned in closer and saw a violet fleck flash like a banked ember in the farthest reaches of my irises . 
 calling them yellow now would be silly . 
 there was nothing yellow about them . 
 i had violet eyes . 
 just like my father . 
 i had n't remembered to tell my father that bit of news , but my eye color was the last thing i 'd been thinking about . 
 i grimaced in the mirror . 
 lycan must 've been a horrid sight . 
 a wolf in its full animal form was the most unbelievably beautiful creature in the world . 
 but half a wolf ? 
 likely the worst . 
 the most captivating wolf in the world was my father . 
 the image of him in his true form had been as much a part of me as anything i could remember as a little girl . 
 he was glorious-his fur dark as coal , towering above all others , strong and dangerous , but breathtakingly beautiful at the same time . 
 truly magnificent . 
 i stepped away from the mirror , tossing my shredded running shoes into the plastic bag i 'd grabbed from under the kitchen sink . 
 my clothes would soon follow . 
 i tied up the contents and opened the bathroom door and headed out into the new chaos . 
 `` the coast is officially clear , '' nick declared , turning to prop my broken door in the jamb behind him as he and danny came back in . 
 the door had been unlocked , but knowing i was in danger , james had n't waited to see , he 'd simply come through it . 
 `` we corralled your neighbors and ushered them back inside their apartments quickly . '' 
 james and tyler had rolled the dead body into one of my spare sheets , and were in the process of discussing the best way to remove it from my apartment . 
 danny chuckled . 
 `` yes , we told the lot of them out there in the hallway that we were having a huge party and it had gotten a little out of sorts . 
 and they bought it hook , line , and sinker . '' 
 nick snorted . 
 `` they bought it after i told them to buy it . '' 
 `` the only other issue was the police outside , but nicky here took care of that as well . '' 
 danny slapped nick on the back . 
 `` mighty fine gift , persuasion is . '' 
 `` the police were here ? '' 
 i asked in alarm . 
 `` relax , jess . '' 
 nick came over and put his hands on my shoulders . 
 `` it was n't ray , and they were just here to investigate a ` noise ' disturbance-not a gruesome werewolf killing . 
 i convinced them they were at the wrong building . 
 everything 's fine now . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 my wolf paced inside my mind . 
 she and i were both still agitated . 
 `` we have to get him out of here quickly . '' 
 i glanced at the rolled-up corpse . 
 `` and then we have to figure out what the hell is going on-why he was even here in the first place . 
 i 've only been a werewolf for a day . 
 it seems too quick to have someone after me already , almost like this guy had been sitting by the phone . '' 
 `` we need to bring him back to the safe house so we can look into his identity and figure out what 's going on , '' james said . 
 `` agreed , '' tyler said . 
 `` we 'll take him off the balcony . 
 danny and i 'll go down in front and you can drop him out to us . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow and interjected , `` um , that seems a little on the unsubtle side , do n't you think ? 
 tossing a body-shaped object off my balcony is bound to be noticed by someone . '' 
 they stared at me blankly . 
 reasoning with wolves was going to require patience , but right now i had none . 
 `` well , how about this , then , '' i said . 
 `` if it does get noticed-and subsequently reported-i ca n't afford any more scrutiny on me right now . 
 in case you 've all been living with your heads up your asses the last few days '' - my voice rose several decibels as i spread my fingers apart and started emphatically ticking off - `` i just finished killing a werewolf we know nothing about . 
 i will likely have to testify in court about killing a pedophile imp . 
 my apartment has already been the scene of a vicious , unexplainable break-in , which happened ... oh , that 's right ... four f ** king days ago . 
 an identified drug that could knock out a stable of animals was taken from my home '' - my voice peaked as i slammed my pinky finger - `` and i just made some freaky , impossible transformation into a beast , bound to have every superstitious werewolf in the entire goddamn universe gunning to end my life . 
 so i refuse , refuse to add tossing a human body wrapped in my own bedding from my balcony to that damn list ! 
 are we clear ? '' 
 tension radiated off me like a furnace . 
 it swirled around the room , hot and palpable . 
 three pairs of wolf eyes locked on me , each of them sparking with more than a hint of amber . 
 only one pair of calm golden ones in the mix . 
 wolves did not function well in heightened emotional situations . 
 it certainly did n't help when my muscles started to vibrate and soft fur began to sprout along the backs of my hands once again . 
 my wolf stood in a protective stance , legs apart , muzzle up in my mind . 
 danny broke the tension and strode forward . 
 he walked to me in a surrender pose , shoulders hunched , eyes carefully downcast . 
 `` easy there , jess , '' he murmured as he knelt down in front of me . 
 `` i promise you the lot of us here are n't going to do anything to bring you any harm . 
 in fact , it 's quite the opposite , really . 
 wolves can be really bloody stupid , it 's true . 
 we 're stubborn and aggressive , and we never take kindly to change . 
 but i promise , you 're safe with us . '' 
 he placed one of his hands over his heart . 
 `` i swear to it on my own life . '' 
 i stood very still . 
 i did n't trust myself to respond . 
 my wolf watched danny carefully . 
 the lines between her and me were still blurred from our encounter with the rogue . 
 i 'm not sure what had happened during the fight , but for now she was on this side . 
 there were no dominance issues between us at the moment , only an equal unity to keep us both safe . 
 danny 's eyes met mine for a moment and skittered away . 
 he glanced quickly over his shoulder at james , tyler , and nick , who stood slightly behind him . 
 `` i think i can speak for everyone in this room , the very ones who watched over you as you grew up '' - his face changed to a devilish grin - `` and may i interject here to say you grew into quite a ravishing beauty . '' 
 he winked . 
 `` all of us plan to stand by you and we are fully prepared to lay down our lives to protect you , jessica mcclain . 
 we always have been . '' 
 leave it to danny to defuse an awful situation with a pseudo pickup line and end with a heartfelt statement . 
 i smiled warily . 
 my wolf relaxed a tad at his words and fur stopped sprouting along my arms . 
 `` we have always known , '' he continued , `` that having a female among us would be risky . 
 i knew it when i joined this pack , and we all chose to stick it out despite the myths and rumors . 
 any one of us could 've left anytime we wanted to , but we did n't . 
 we chose to stand by you and your father . 
 callum mcclain is a great leader who deserves our respect , just as you do . '' 
 danny bowed his head . 
 `` i gave my vow of fealty freely to my alpha . 
 i swore to follow this pack to my death . 
 now i give it to you . 
 i intend to hold up my end of the bargain and to protect you at all costs . 
 i promise , you have nothing to fear from me , jessica mcclain . '' 
 shockingly , he dropped his head back and exposed his neck to me . 
 my wolf responded immediately with a rough bark . 
 she accepted his posturing like it was her right , and growled with pleasure , nudging me to accept what he was giving us . 
 i blinked . 
 my human side was wildly uncomfortable . 
 i trembled where i stood . 
 i did n't understand any of this . 
 this was all wrong . 
 it had to be . 
 instead of moving forward , i took a small step backward . 
 my wolf responded with a sharp , angry yip . 
 my eyes darted to my brother . 
 he met my stare for a second before his voice sounded in my mind . 
 it 's okay , jess . 
 tyler was quiet . 
 this is normal . 
 danny 's wolf has recognized your dominance over him , so he 's acting as he should . 
 he can either choose to fight you for status or he can yield to you . 
 he 's choosing not to fight you , which is extremely smart of him , since i would rip his goddamn throat out if he tried . 
 tyler , my voice vibrated with emotion , i do n't understand what 's happening to me . 
 this ca n't be true . 
 none of the myths and rumors were supposed to be real . 
 i 'm not supposed to be strong . 
 i 'm a female , which means weak in our world . 
 i 've always been less . 
 a wolf like danny should not be submitting to me . 
 it has to be a mistake . 
 jess , it 's going to be okay . 
 when dad gets here , we can sort it out . 
 i have no idea what 's going on either . 
 it 's going to take us some time to figure it all out . 
 when you changed , your wolf was fully realized . 
 it came the way it was meant to be . 
 your job is to shape and control it the best you can . 
 we were both alpha-born . 
 it 's not something you learn . 
 you just need time , and i promise everything will fall into place . 
 i 'm not sure i have that kind of time . 
 i glanced at the dead body rolled up like a mummy in my lavender sheets . 
 then to danny , who was still on the floor in front of me , neck back , waiting patiently for me to do something . 
 what am i supposed to do now ? 
 flash him your teeth , meet his eyes for the count of five , and then walk away like you do n't give a damn . 
 that 's it ? 
 tyler snorted . 
 that 's it , sis . 
 then we try to get back to f ** king normal as fast as we possibly can . 
 i did what he told me to do . 
 i flashed my teeth , growled , courtesy of my wolf , and turned my back and walked away . 
 i headed purposefully into my kitchen . 
 what i needed was a bottle of whiskey , but i settled for a glass of water instead . 
 my brother headed back to my bedroom . 
 i heard him open my closet doors , and he came back to the living room a minute later carrying a big navy blue canvas duffel i used for carting my dirty laundry . 
 i followed him into the living room . 
 `` we can cram him in here , '' he told james . 
 `` then we toss it off the balcony . 
 it is n't body-shaped , and if anybody asks , we 're headed to the laundromat . '' 
 everyone was moving around like normal . 
 i pointed to the body . 
 `` he 's not going to fit in there . 
 he 's twice as long as that . '' 
 i ran my eyes over the shrouded shape on the floor to make sure i had n't missed anything . 
 `` not for long . '' 
 tyler grinned . 
 right . 
 i excused myself and went back to my bedroom to change out of my dirty , bloodstained clothes . 
 hacking up bodies and tossing them off balconies was hardcore . 
 life as a wolf was going to take some getting used to . 
 after i changed , i headed back to the living room slightly more refreshed , just as james and nick stepped in from the balcony empty-handed . 
 the deed was done . 
 time to clean up . 
 that was something i could do . 
 i grabbed a mop and bucket from my kitchen closet and went to work . 
 even though i was still trying to calm myself down , my limbs hummed with adrenaline , which made me jittery . 
 the endorphins in my system nipped at my nerve endings in quick , staccato beats . 
 there was nothing i could do about it . 
 i had too much buildup between my fight with drake and the rogue . 
 i was hopped up with no place to go . 
 half an hour later , with more muscle than necessary , the room appeared spotless to the naked eye . 
 the smell of blood and werewolves still permeated the air , but to a human the scene would look and smell normal . 
 tyler had already left with the body . 
 danny had gone to tighten security around my building . 
 nick had left , taking my bloodied bag of clothes and shoes with him , presumably to burn . 
 he 'd also bolted my front door back into place with a toolkit i kept for emergencies . 
 the door was n't going to keep anything of substance out , but i had a big wolf with me for the night to help me maintain order . 
 my father had ordered james to stay with me , which was fine by me . 
 if anything else happened tonight , i was n't sure i could physically handle it , and having company was nice . 
 `` here , let me get that , '' james said as he plucked the bucket , along with the rags i 'd been using , and walked them out onto the balcony . 
 i rested my back against the brick wall and ran my hands through my hair . 
 it 'd been a long night . 
 one of the longest of my life . 
 james stepped back into my apartment empty-handed . 
 he was wearing almost the same thing i 'd seen him in yesterday , a black t-shirt and a pair of faded green cargo pants . 
 i 'd never really seen him in anything else . 
 both pieces of clothing were stretched tightly across his body , producing the maximum effect of powerful man . 
 he had no clue how good he looked . 
 my wolf 's ears perked and i shifted slightly . 
 james stopped midstride , his gaze snapping to mine . 
 my breath hitched without my permission . 
 i stared back . 
 there , just below the surface , a hint of yellow danced across his irises . 
 hmm . 
 when wolves fought , adrenaline raged through their veins , as it did through mine now . 
 with the excess buildup from all the stress and excitement , they often ran for hours to get their systems back to normal . 
 or sometimes they just had sex . 
 i dropped my eyes and fiddled with the hem of the tank top i 'd changed into . 
 `` so , here we are , '' i said quietly . 
 he growled in response . 
 my skin pricked and lust shot to the surface , hot and fierce . 
 my wolf let out a long agonized howl , ending in a series of short , frantic barks as a dam inside me ruptured . 
 everything ached at once . 
 my fingertips gripped the wall tightly so i did n't fall down as the lust wrapped around me , tugging at my body , pouring through me with its urgent craving . 
 james stayed where he was . 
 waiting . 
 i did n't dare look at him again . 
 i knew his eyes would be blazing . 
 my wolf whined . 
 she wanted this . 
 there was no question . 
 but did i ? 
 i knew feeling lusty was part of the newborn deal ; add in all the chaos of the night and nobody had to spell it out to me . 
 i needed a release . 
 i also knew wolves had sex a lot . 
 they did n't view it as humans did . 
 it was something to be fulfilled . 
 a base urge . 
 no emotional ties needed . 
 but i had n't grown up a wolf , i 'd grown up human . 
 hold on , jezebel , i told my wolf . 
 i 'm not sure if i can do this - check that-if we can do this . 
 i 'm not interested in becoming a slutty werewolf , no matter how good it sounds right now . 
 being the only female wolf around , we 're going to have to watch it . 
 and james is not our mate . 
 do n't ask me how i knew that fact , because the man could fit the bill , there was no question about it , but james was not ours . 
 i 'd always heard finding your true mate was a gift , something rare . 
 it did n't mean james and i could n't sleep together , it just meant there was a slim to none chance we would ever pair up permanently . 
 my wolf gave a frustrated huff and threw a picture in my mind of an alpha wolf taking his pick of females . 
 we are not the alpha ! 
 huff . 
 another flash of an alpha wolf choosing a female , and-helllooo , that 's enough of that ! 
 i get it . 
 you want him . 
 a fierce growl . 
 it was a little too late to argue with her . 
 the scent we were leaking into the air was pure , unadulterated sex , fueled for the most part by my horny wolf . 
 it was so thick , i could almost see it . 
 geez , can you tone it down a few notches ? 
 i inhaled and caught a new smell . 
 a wild , earthy scent flooded my senses like a sweet , inviting offer . 
 all the cells in my body simultaneously popped and everything that was already aching started pulsing with a new , delicious heartbeat . 
 my skin erupted in a million inviting tingles . 
 i tightened my hands into fists , my regular nails pricking my palms . 
 i was losing myself to the overwhelming sensations . 
 and i liked it . 
 james moved , taking a single step closer . 
 i lifted my head slowly and pinned him with a heated gaze . 
 he was a warrior , his irises locking on mine , blazing full gold . 
 a new tide of desire ran through me , his eyes triggering something deep inside me . 
 his hands were fisted , his body tight with strain , his wolf at the very forefront . 
 i 'd never in my life noticed him like this before , but no one could deny he was a beautiful man . 
 his olive skin shone , his dark hair just long enough to be deliciously tousled , his jawline strong and masculine . 
 he looked thirty at the most , all of us destined to stay young forever . 
 i opened my mouth and a growl-laced purr came out . 
 my consent . 
 one step and he had me pressed up hard against the bricks . 
 he snarled , his lips taking my neck , his tongue ran along my shoulder blade , his wolf seeking my taste . 
 i groaned at his rich scent , pressing my nose and lips into him as far as they would go , inhaling deeply . 
 his wolf sang directly to mine . 
 he pulled away and i mewed at the loss of contact . 
 he brought his hands down and with one fierce tug my shirt was off . 
 he stripped his away in the next motion , and my hands immediately found his chest , my fingers stroking the defined grooves , caressing the soft skin . 
 i licked my lips in anticipation . 
 my wolf yipped . 
 james growled and put his head down in front of me , snapping my bra with his teeth . 
 i dropped my arms and it fell to the floor . 
 his head was still bent , and i writhed on him like a drunken siren , dragging my hands through his hair , grabbing fistfuls , pulling him closer . 
 my wolf howled in ecstasy . 
 his lips sought my ni ** les . 
 he took one into his mouth with a fierceness that made me shudder . 
 my head rolled back and i moaned . 
 he lapped and pulled on the sensitive peak , making the sensations inside me strum and heighten at an exhilarating rate . 
 i 'd never experienced anything like this before . 
 everything as a wolf was more amplified , each touch a greater flood of sensation than the next . 
 he broke the seal on my breast and slid his lips slowly up my body , his mouth and lips running over my neck , growling in my ear , `` this is it , jessica . 
 i wo n't be able to stop myself if we go forward . 
 so say your piece now . '' 
 i could n't answer . 
 instead , my nails raked up his back and into his thick hair then traced back down to his backside , urging him closer . 
 he took his delightful lips off my skin and cupped his hand around my neck , tilting my face up to meet his , his thumb languidly caressing my jaw . 
 it took me a second to focus on him . 
 `` jessica ... my wolf is too far gone . '' 
 his voice gruff with need . 
 `` you must tell me right now if you want this . 
 i wo n't be able to stop otherwise . 
 if you do n't want this , all you have to do is tell me and i will leave your apartment and return in an hour . '' 
 the adrenaline pounded in my veins , demanding a release . 
 it was either this or change and run for hours with him . 
 `` i want this , '' i said simply . 
 he bent his head , his mouth finding mine . 
 i opened myself to him , tasting , pulling , sucking . 
 his lips were hot , firm , and lusciously soft , but there would be no sweetness between us , no wooing . 
 this was going to be exactly what it needed to be . 
 i rubbed against him , lost to the delicious lust . 
 he nipped my lips , my neck , and my br ** sts over and over . 
 his body was so hard , so full of strong angles . 
 the only thing keeping him out of me was the fact that we were both still wearing our pants . 
 i reached down between us and yanked blindly at his buttons . 
 i buried my tongue in his warm mouth again , lapping at him while i eased the soft cotton down around his hips . 
 he gave me a throaty growl as i freed him . 
 my hand ran along the smoothness , and he moaned into my lips . 
 i rubbed my fist along the length as his hands slid around to my back , his thumbs dipping into my waistband . 
 he flexed once and the flimsy yoga pants i 'd chosen ripped apart at their seams , dropping around me in a pool of material . 
 he guided my hips forward , my shoulders tilted back against the wall , and entered me in one smooth motion . 
 i arched to meet him , taking his fullness deeply . 
 i was more than ready and the pressure of him was delicious and intense . 
 he stroked in and out , his hands pressed tightly into my hips , gripping me , guiding us together faster with each meeting . 
 i laid my forehead against his chest and cried out . 
 my hands clutching the back of his arms , his muscles flexing in my palms . 
 my nails dug in , following his movements , urging him . 
 i whispered , `` more ... please , more . '' 
 he broke his hold on my waist and ran his hands down to my wrists . 
 he grabbed hold and stretched them above my head , pinning me fully to the wall , pounding into me fiercely with his hips . 
 the strength and power radiating between us made me dizzy . 
 each thrust sent shock waves though my body , amplifying everything until i screamed with pleasure . 
 `` jesus bloody christ , '' james ground out , releasing my arms and encircling my waist . 
 `` i 'm not going to be able to keep up this pace for much longer . 
 it feels too damn good . '' 
 my hands found his firm ass and i grabbed his finer , tighter curves , pulling him closer to me . 
 `` james , '' i breathed . 
 `` i want it harder ... please . '' 
 i guided him faster , my nails urging him on . 
 i met him thrust for thrust . 
 we were both coated in a slick sweat . 
 he threw his head back and roared , the intensity between us reaching its peak . 
 `` jessica , please ... you need to come now ... i ca n't ... '' two more and i was finished . 
 i cried out , pressing my face against his chest as i came . 
 the orgasm hit so powerfully i clung to him as frantic spasms rocked every cell in my body . 
 his response was immediate . 
 he let out a savage howl , crushing me back against the bricks as he pumped his furious release into me . 
 my body exploded again as i came for a second time , delicious currents raging though me , my nerve endings pulsing with heat . 
 with the last thrust we collapsed against each other , panting heavily . 
 my body rang with pleasure . 
 we were both satiated , exhausted of all remaining usable energy . 
 so we did what wolves do . 
 we made our way back to my bedroom and crawled into bed together naked and satisfied , curling around each other for warmth and comfort . 
 neither of us moved a muscle until the next morning . 
 when we were rudely awakened by incessant pounding on my still very broken door . 
 11 someone was jackhammering their fist against the wood . 
 i was amazed the door still held . 
 if they were trying to wake the dead , they were succeeding . 
 i jumped out of bed and threw on the first robe i could find . 
 it was a smooth black silky number with large pale flowers and a decidedly geisha feel . 
 i did n't have time to be picky , since the pounding reverberated around my empty apartment like an echo with a vendetta . 
 james rolled off the bed behind me , running an absent hand through his hair . 
 he looked completely unfazed by the early morning wake-up call , which was good news . 
 it meant our visitor was n't a serious threat . 
 i was happy to know i would n't have to start the day off with my fists . 
 `` morning , jessica , '' james murmured as he strode toward the bathroom . 
 `` call me if you have any trouble . '' 
 he shut the door behind him . 
 the pounding intensified as i belted my robe . 
 i hurried out of my bedroom wondering who the mad knocker was . 
 it could be my father , but i had n't sensed him . 
 that did n't mean much , since i had n't sensed last night 's attacker either . 
 i sampled the air , but there were still too many other lingering scents in my living room from last night . 
 a residual blast of pheromones gave me a little jump . 
 yikes . 
 i stopped in front of my nailed-together , barely still upright door and paused . 
 it was probably an angry neighbor coming to give me grief about all the racket i caused last night . 
 but there was no way i was making the same mistake twice . 
 i pressed my face up against the door right by the defunct deadbolt and inhaled deeply through the tiny opening . 
 i barely needed a full breath to figure out who was on the other side . 
 crapola . 
 i wondered for a second if i could get away with not answering . 
 this so was n't how i wanted to start my day . 
 it was six-thirty in the damn morning . 
 another stream of fist-pounding , followed by a muttered curse . 
 `` i know you 're in there , hannon . 
 i can wait out here all day if i have to . 
 there 's nothing on my agenda today more important than nailing your ass to the goddamn wall . 
 now open up ! '' 
 dammit all to hell . 
 how was i going to get the door open without causing a scene ? 
 `` hold your horses , ray , '' i grumbled . 
 `` i 'm here , but at this ungodly hour i was asleep like most of the other normal people on the planet . 
 gim me a minute . '' 
 most likely , when he arrived at work this morning he discovered that a police car had been dispatched to this address last night , so he hightailed it over without thinking it through . 
 now i had to deal with him . 
 `` i 'm going to wait for exactly five more seconds , hannon . 
 then i 'm going to kick it in . '' 
 `` ray , are you holding a warrant for that ? '' 
 i called . 
 `` if you have one , you 've been a very busy boy this morning . 
 if you do n't , kicking my door in would mean lots of nasty paperwork for you-not to mention some serious legal hassles . 
 i 'm not sure i 'd rush into that direction if i were you , but honestly , be my guest ... '' he grunted his response , adding a few choice words . 
 cripes , this man pissed me off . 
 i should let him break down the door . 
 he would get reprimanded and if nothing else , maybe someone without an evil grudge against me would be assigned to my case . 
 but deep down i knew there was really no way to get rid of him ; like a homing pigeon , he would always come back . 
 so i did the only thing left i could do . 
 i braced my silky geisha-clad shoulder against the door , grabbed on to the knob with both hands , and gave it one swift , hard yank . 
 the door popped instantly free of the opening . 
 i stumbled back a few steps ungracefully as it wobbled against me . 
 i 'd used too much strength , but i recovered nicely , and calmly placed it a few feet to the right of the opening . 
 i turned back to ray with a sunny smile on my face , like nothing out of the ordinary had just happened . 
 `` hi , ray . 
 so glad you could drop by . '' 
 ray was momentarily stunned . 
 he tried to recover himself , but it took a second . 
 `` what in god 's name is going on here now ? '' 
 `` you know , ray , people keep asking me that and i do n't really have a good answer . 
 but i promise when i have one you 'll be the first to know . '' 
 i turned and headed to my kitchen to make a pot of coffee . 
 ray chased after me , lecturing my retreating back . 
 `` did you happen to know a police car was dispatched to this location last night at approximately eleven-fifteen p.m. ? '' 
 he barked . 
 `` and they left without even coming in . 
 the officers who responded actually said they ` forgot ' to file a report . 
 does n't that seem a little strange to you , hannon ? 
 a little too out of the ordinary for this quiet building to get hit again so soon ? '' 
 `` ray , right now nothing seems strange to me . '' 
 i dumped some fragrant colombian coffee into the filter and poured enough water to fill the pot . 
 ray situated himself outside my breakfast nook to better harass me . 
 `` by the looks of your mangled door , '' he went on , `` it seems you 're the source of the complaint . 
 i can find out who called it in with a quick search of your neighbors ' phone records . 
 you ca n't cover all your tracks , hannon . 
 no matter how hard you try . 
 or have you forgotten what you learned when you were still on the straight and narrow ? '' 
 i braced my hands on the kitchen counter to give me strength , and then turned my tired eyes on ray , giving him a full dose of my stare . 
 he wiggled immediately and dropped his eyes . 
 it was damn satisfying . 
 `` i never left the straight and narrow , ray . 
 you only choose to believe i did to pacify your own overactive imagination . 
 i left the force because it was n't the right fit for me , and because i did n't like dealing with overzealous cops who thought they knew everything . 
 cops who dogged me , made my life hell with their craziness , cops who ca n't seem to leave well enough alone . 
 i 'm not the bad guy here , ray . 
 you 're the one with the vendetta . 
 i 'd say it 's more than time for you to drop this whole damn thing so we can both get on with our lives . '' 
 `` my imagination ? '' 
 he barked . 
 `` you 're the one who 's living in la-la land , hannon . 
 for one , your apartment 's been royally trashed by someone who hates you-hates you enough to bring in their f ** king pet . 
 your door 's been blown off its hinges since the last time i was here . 
 you had enough horse tranq in your possession to put out an army of clydesdales , and your made-up camping buddy has yet to show his face . '' 
 he must 've called in several favors to get the lab results that quickly , if he was n't just guessing . 
 `` then there was that guy you beat up at the movie theater-a mere nine hours ago-who was doa . '' 
 dammit , drake 's death would definitely complicate things . 
 `` and you 're worried that i 'm the one with the overactive imagination ? 
 now that 's hilarious , hannon . '' 
 a throat cleared behind me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but were you just referring to me ? '' 
 james asked , his voice gravelly and rough with sleep and menace . 
 `` you know that part about the ` made-up camping buddy ' ? 
 i assume you meant me . '' 
 i turned to see james framed perfectly in my kitchen door-way like a page out of one of those hard-bodies calendars . 
 he was naked from the waist up . 
 droplets of water from his shower still lingered on his chest . 
 his hair had been slicked back with his fingers , because , i guess , brushes were for sissies . 
 he 'd managed to find his pants , which was probably a good thing . 
 i did n't really feel like explaining ray 's heart attack to any of the attending officers when they came to remove him from my apartment . 
 james leaned his half-naked , wet body against the doorjamb and casually crossed his arms , making his biceps jump . 
 he had a small smile on his lips . 
 he was enjoying this . 
 but i was n't fooled for a second . 
 tiny hairs on the back of my neck and arms stood at attention when our eyes met . 
 he was every inch a lethal predator , and in about half a second ray would know it too . 
 james was n't going to mess around . 
 this was all business . 
 ray had inadvertently stepped backward into my living room when he had seen james . 
 i bet he had n't even realized it yet . 
 it was a common reaction . 
 humans instinctively wanted to get away . 
 ray 's mouth opened a few times , but nothing came out . 
 `` i can assure you i 'm not make-believe . '' 
 james continued the conversation as if nothing were amiss . 
 `` you know how it is , when you just want to escape with your lover for a few nights . 
 all your careful planning goes straight out the window . 
 would n't you agree , darling ? '' 
 he gave me a wicked grin . 
 `` that 's right ... honey . 
 see , ray , we just got caught up in the moment . '' 
 james 's gaze locked on mine as i spoke and a line of goose bumps erupted along my arms . 
 james growled , `` and it was quite a moment , was n't it ? '' 
 ray physically shook himself . 
 his hands shot toward his chest , i 'm sure itching for the gun i knew was tucked inside the ill-fitting sport coat he had on today . 
 i caught a whiff of surprise emanating from him , as well as a heavy dose of frustration . 
 james did n't wait for ray to respond ; instead he paced slowly into my kitchen , stopping immediately behind me . 
 he reached above my body , his arms brushing my shoulders . 
 he pulled down a coffee mug and placed a kiss on the top of my head before turning around and busying himself pouring a cup of coffee . 
 when he finished , he settled his hips against the counter and took a lazy sip . 
 he was n't playing fair . 
 `` i apologize we have n't had a chance to chat sooner , detective . 
 it is detective , is n't it ? 
 we 've been a bit busy trying to clean up after the nasty break-in . '' 
 he took a long swallow . 
 `` by the way , do you have any leads ? 
 anything you care to share with us ? 
 it would give molly some much-needed peace of mind to hear how the case is shaping up . '' 
 ray fought for control , but i could see he was n't going to give up easily . 
 he squared his shoulders and took half a step forward . 
 i had to give him props for trying . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` well , maybe you do exist . 
 so what ? 
 that does n't mean anything . 
 the last time i checked it does n't explain away everything else that 's happened around here . '' 
 he nodded toward my bare living room , littered with gouges and trashed walls . 
 point taken . 
 `` no , it does n't , '' james agreed . 
 `` but if i 'm not mistaken , is n't that your job , detective ? 
 to find out exactly what has happened here and why ? 
 correct me if i 'm on the wrong track , but as i understand it , the victim is usually not the one harassed by the investigating officer . 
 it 's your job to track down the perpetrators and find the clues . 
 do you honestly think molly would trash her own apartment like this ? '' 
 james 's tone became steely . 
 `` i also do n't believe there 've been any formal charges filed , and from my understanding there has been no theft here , no serious crime , only some unfortunate vandalism . '' 
 a trickle of sweat made its way down the side of ray 's face , right next to his hairline . 
 receiving the full attention of a dominant werewolf was taking its toll . 
 `` it does n't matter if she files , '' ray managed to spit out of very clenched teeth . 
 `` this is my case until it 's closed . 
 and you still have n't adequately explained the illegal concoction we found in your bathroom either . 
 it 's highly suspicious to have a breaking and entering , and the victim just happens to have a stash of drugs in her bathroom cabinet . '' 
 james took a hold of my hand , pulling me against his side . 
 his irish brogue purred just above my ears as he leaned in . 
 `` now why have n't you told detective hart about your condition , dove ? '' 
 he nuzzled my neck . 
 `` seizure disorders affect a huge percentage of the population , just like the doctor told us . 
 it 's nothing to be ashamed of . '' 
 then he turned to ray . 
 `` has the lab actually confirmed your ridiculous claim of ` horse tranquilizer ' ? 
 or are you going to keep hounding us with that in favor of trying to solve the actual crime committed here ? '' 
 ray had the good decency to look slightly abashed . 
 `` um ... no , they have n't confirmed it exactly . 
 but they could n't rule it out either . 
 it seems that the makeup of the liquid was ... well , let 's just say it was highly unusual . '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` and that only adds to the strangeness of this case , and to hanno-molly herself . 
 the truth will come out soon enough . '' 
 he staggered a bit , this little speech taking every ounce of gusto he had . 
 then he turned and lurched abruptly toward the door . 
 he 'd lasted longer than most men i 'd seen in his position . 
 i could file a harassment suit against him for this visit and we both knew it . 
 he had nothing solid on me , and james had just reinforced that . 
 when ray reached the doorway , he pointed an accusing finger at me . 
 `` if she has this so-called mystery seizure disorder , which i 'm sure no one on earth has ever heard of before , then why is n't it on file with the state ? 
 huh ? 
 she was a cop . 
 all her physicals are on record . 
 her records are clean . 
 they state she 's in perfect health . '' 
 `` ray , '' i said , walking out into my living room . 
 `` if you bothered to check , the paperwork for my very real seizure disorder should 've already been faxed to the precinct by my physician . 
 it 's an affliction i 've acquired in the last year . 
 i guess i was a late bloomer . '' 
 i crossed my arms in front of my chest , keeping my robe closed . 
 i did n't want to flash ray for the finale . 
 `` have we given you enough to get you off our backs this morning , ray ? 
 'cause if we have , i 'd just as soon jump in the shower and start my day . '' 
 james came up behind me , a cup of coffee in his hands . 
 ray was within an inch of disappearing out the door . 
 `` the two of you do n't scare me . 
 you do n't intimidate me , and you do n't make me sweat . '' 
 oh , on the contrary , ray . 
 `` i know what i feel and i 've been spot-on my entire career for eighteen solid years . 
 there 's something more than meets the eye with you , hannon . 
 ever since you tagged milo curtis , i 've known something was off . 
 when you 're around , strange things happen . 
 you do things normal people ca n't - and should n't - be able to do . 
 you 're like some kind of doped-up circus freak . 
 you ca n't hide forever . 
 at some point you 'll f ** k up in a big way , and i 'll be waiting . '' 
 he turned and stumbled out of the apartment . 
 james handed me his cup so he could right the door . 
 `` that 's it ! '' 
 i cried as james effortlessly propped the door back in place . 
 `` after all these years , i get it . 
 i 've been so stupid . '' 
 `` get what ? '' 
 james took his cup back and headed toward the kitchen . 
 i followed . 
 `` ever since ray hart zeroed in on me like a bloodhound , i 've been trying to puzzle out the real catalyst . 
 one day i was living my life , and the next he was dogging my every move . 
 he just inadvertently revealed what set him off . 
 it was milo curtis . 
 i do n't know why i never put that together before now . '' 
 i stopped at the kitchen doorway . 
 james had his hand on the fridge door , the muscles in his back flexing . 
 i was momentarily lost . 
 `` and who is this milo curtis bloke ? '' 
 james set food on the counter . 
 `` um . '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` milo curtis was ray 's first big case , that 's who . '' 
 i walked over and started helping james with breakfast . 
 `` milo was a big-time cat burglar doing all these huge heists around town . 
 he stole millions . 
 all these rich people with lots of power were getting hit , and subsequently putting pressure on the mayor and police department to find him . 
 everyone in the precinct was on edge . 
 evidentially , and unbeknownst to me at the time , he must 've been ray 's ticket to the top . '' 
 james grabbed a pan off my hanging rack . 
 `` and let me guess , you got this milo curtis fellow your first time out , and in the process made the good detective look like a wanker who could n't find his own arse with both hands . '' 
 `` that about covers it . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` i found out later milo was a shifter of some kind . 
 he disappeared soon after his arraignment , which is why i thought ray never cared too much about the case , because it remained unsolved with the suspect on the loose . 
 but the robberies stopped altogether , and it turned out that was all that had mattered to the chief . 
 they did n't care about an arrest , they just wanted the hits to stop . 
 and they did . '' 
 `` ray hart is a bloody idiot . '' 
 james started to whip the pancake batter . 
 `` he could stand to learn a lesson or two . '' 
 i needed a shower . 
 watching james make pancakes with no shirt on was going to ensure it was a cold one . 
 i headed for the bathroom , calling over my shoulder , `` yes , but now that same idiot wants payback , and by the looks of it , preferably in the form of my personal demise . 
 he 's going to do everything in his power to get me . '' 
 i heard an egg crack against the pan . 
 `` let him try . '' 
 12 the phone rang while i was in the shower . 
 we were set to meet my father , brother , and the other wolves who 'd made it into town in my office conference room in an hour . 
 not using my place of business as the meeting location had apparently been discussed briefly , because a truckload of wolves descending on the premises would be a screaming beacon announcing to the world i 'd changed . 
 but if a werewolf had already found me in two days , my secret was already out . 
 there was no stopping the train now , even though i would 've loved to derail it completely . 
 we stood in the kitchen eating breakfast , because there was no furniture for sitting . 
 i watched james eat , his powerful body up against the counter . 
 a small pang surfaced in my chest about what we did last night . 
 i did n't feel in any way attached to him , even though he was an unbelievable specimen , but it was kind of weird to be slutty and okay with it . 
 do you feel any flutters ? 
 i asked my wolf . 
 she yawned at me and closed her eyes . 
 i did n't want it to be strange between james and i , so i tried to clear the air . 
 `` um , james , about last night ... i hope that was ... you know ... okay with you ... '' james let out a throaty laugh . 
 `` no need to worry yourself . 
 my wolf could n't have denied your wolf anything in the world last night . 
 i do n't regret our little tryst one bit . '' 
 `` i do n't either , '' i admitted truthfully . 
 `` it was a nice way to end an extremely stressful evening . 
 i felt better immediately . '' 
 i had to ask one more thing . 
 `` james , do i ... i smell different to you ? 
 not just because i 'm a wolf now , but i mean , different than other human females ? '' 
 i shifted uneasily . 
 it was totally embarrassing having this conversation in my kitchen . 
 `` i 'm asking because it sort of seemed like ... i do n't know , i was giving off some weird hormonal thing last night i had no control over . '' 
 `` jessica , last night you smelled like nothing i 'd ever come across before . 
 it set me right off the moment i entered your apartment . 
 it sent my wolf into a bloody frenzy . 
 it was actually hard for me to get you out of my mind so i could sort out the rogue . 
 my wolf paced with a constant need to satisfy you , to comfort you , to enjoy you thoroughly . 
 it was all i could do to keep a rein on things . 
 by the time we had the place to ourselves , your scent intensified by three hundredfold . 
 there was no stopping it . '' 
 i smiled sheepishly . 
 what had happened in the hallway moments prior to entering my apartment must 've made me smell like a harlot on steroids , but i was n't going to go into that here . 
 `` i do n't smell like that now , do i ? '' 
 i asked , a little panicked . 
 james took a gratuitous sniff even though we both knew he could smell me just fine . 
 `` you do smell different than a regular wolf-not bad , mind you , just a bit different . 
 definitely sweeter . 
 but , no , you do n't smell anything like you did last night . 
 last night was ... '' his face hardened . '' 
 ... let 's say it was intense . 
 when you give off a smell like that , male wolves will come running . 
 there 's no doubt about it . '' 
 `` danny , tyler , and nick did n't seem to have a similar reaction to me , '' i said , feeling a bit stricken that i might be a dinner bell for salivating horny wolves without knowing it . 
 `` maybe you 're just more sensitive to it . '' 
 james laughed . 
 it was a great sound . 
 `` well , i should hope tyler would n't be feeling very amorous of you . 
 you two are bonded as kin . 
 i 'm betting your smell was quite sour to him . 
 i ca n't speak for nick , because he 's not a wolf , but i would actually think you would smell like danger to him in that state . 
 as for danny , well , your wolf is very dominant , and while he might have liked to act on your scent very much , his wolf would n't have been so bold as to come on to yours directly . 
 he would need permission from you first-some kind of a signal it was okay to make an advance . '' 
 there was a slight growl in his voice . 
 `` i believe in the future you will only have issues with the most dominant of us . '' 
 james regarded me for a moment over his plate of eggs . 
 `` the rest will likely be a bit worried . '' 
 as i ate my breakfast , i reflected on how much i did n't know about wolves . 
 i was a newborn in every sense . 
 `` james , can i ask you something else ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` how do you mate with human women ? 
 well , i know how you mate , of course , but what about babies ? 
 i know it 's hard for humans to carry them to term . '' 
 that 's how i lost my own mother . 
 carrying one wolf was hard , two was impossible . 
 she died shortly after our births , and it was a miracle she 'd held on for that long . 
 `` that 's why there are so few new wolves around . 
 but if a human woman actually does get pregnant , how does it all work ? 
 especially if you 're not mated . 
 what do you tell them ? '' 
 `` in the beginning , there 's no need to tell them anything , '' he said . 
 `` we go on a few dates , woo them if we 're so inclined , go through the process , and then see if we 're lucky enough to procreate when it 's all said and done . '' 
 `` that sounds ... um ... promising . '' 
 james chuckled . 
 `` actually , we have a bit in our saliva that helps keep a woman in the dark if we 're not interested in a longterm commitment . 
 over time , if we choose to stay with them , or they are carrying our child , their bodies make up antibodies and they become immune to it . '' 
 i choked . 
 `` what do you mean by ' a bit in our saliva ' ? '' 
 `` our saliva contains a drug to keep them a bit hazy about the whole thing , so they 're not exactly sure if they 've been with us or not the next morning . 
 it 's necessary , since with emotion our eyes tend to light up ; it makes coupling a little tricky . '' 
 `` what in the hell '' - i coughed , swallowing my eggs wrong - `` are you talking about ? 
 it sounds like you just said we have roofies built into our saliva . '' 
 `` think about it , jessica . 
 there are only a few women in the entire world who are compatible with us genetically-who can even be impregnated to begin with . 
 and there are even fewer who are capable of carrying our baby to full term , and even less who can survive the actual birthing . 
 so in order for us to find a woman who meets all those criteria , we have to ... '' he cleared his throat '' ... well , let 's just say it takes a lot of trying on our part . '' 
 i thought about it for a moment . 
 it made sense when he put it like that , but still . 
 `` i take it you 've had a lot of tries over the last few centuries . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what about finding your mate ? 
 would n't that be easier than sleeping with hundreds of women hopped up on roofie-saliva ? 
 are n't true mates supposed to be able to bear your children with no problems ? '' 
 i moved over to the sink to rinse my plate . 
 `` that 's what it states in our lore , though i 've witnessed very few couplings through the centuries . '' 
 he sounded suddenly weary . 
 `` if each of us waited for our one true mate , we would cease to exist as a race-and we do n't exactly have that luxury . 
 without offspring , our species will become extinct . '' 
 `` a fair enough point . '' 
 `` you do n't need a true mate to have tikes , '' james said . 
 `` you just need a gal who has something lingering in her gene pool from long ago , when villages used to be situated close to pack boundaries . 
 there were plenty of women back then who could birth strong pups . 
 the lads even stayed with their mums until their adolescence . 
 then , over time , the lines became diluted as the gene pools spread out . 
 we 've lost our ability to reproduce easily . '' 
 james was deep in thought for a moment . 
 `` true mates were n't as important to us back then . 
 once a woman had your child , she was considered your mate and you protected her and your son as such . '' 
 was there a touch of sadness lingering behind that last part ? 
 to my knowledge james had never fathered a child , but i was n't sure . 
 i 'd only been alive for twenty-six years , not the last few hundred . 
 `` a true mate is supposed to provide you with more than just a child , though , right ? 
 supposedly compatible to your wolf in all ways . 
 she is able to give you children , but she can also calm a part of your wolf like no other , and from what i understand , she alone can keep you from making a change . '' 
 `` aye . 
 and your wolf , in its true form , is supposed to be able to spot her from a great distance . 
 your blood sings for her . '' 
 james walked to the sink and started to fill the basin . '' ' 
 t is the rarest gift to receive . '' 
 `` my mother was n't my father 's true mate , was she ? '' 
 i 'd always wondered but never had the nerve to ask my father . 
 since i 'd never known her , she was only a figment attached to a few photographs . 
 i 'd grown up in such a male-dominated world , i 'd never had a chance to dwell on it too much . 
 if she had been there , i 'd be a much different person than i was today . 
 maybe i 'd be softer . 
 who knew ? 
 `` that was n't entirely clear to outsiders , even in the end . '' 
 james dipped his hands into the sudsy water he 'd drawn and grabbed a dish off the counter . 
 `` callum was crazy for your mum . 
 followed after her like a lovesick puppy . 
 though when annie died in childbirth , he did n't go through the deep , dark depression they say happens to a wolf when he 's deprived of his mate . 
 he also did n't end his own life , which is commonly spoken of in the lore . 
 he was already alpha then , though , and had a pair of twins to look after . 
 your father has always done things his own way . '' 
 that sounded about right . 
 `` he 's a man worthy of following . 
 the strongest i 've ever known . '' 
 james washed the dishes and handed them to me to dry . 
 he 'd always been fiercely loyal to my father . 
 he would make a wonderful mate to a female , strong and valiant . 
 i found myself hoping he would find her someday , aching for him to find his happiness . 
 he caught me staring . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i glanced at the clock . 
 `` we should get going . 
 we do n't want to leave my father waiting . '' 
 `` no , jessica , that would n't be a good idea . '' 
 13 james and i headed out of my apartment together . 
 james discreetly forced my door back into its rightful opening , while i knocked on juanita 's door . 
 i had n't seen her since before my apartment had been trashed , and i was hoping she 'd be home . 
 she usually left early for work , so she was probably up . 
 the door whipped open before i had a chance to knock . 
 juanita pulled me into a fierce hug . 
 `` ooooh , chica ! 
 i have been so worried ! 
 it es soooo good to see you here in the live . '' 
 she pushed me in front of her and then grabbed me back into another bear hug . 
 for a tiny person of roughly five feet two inches-in heels-she was a lot stronger than she looked . 
 i also noted , when she finally let me go for the last time , that her ensemble today consisted of a bright pink sleeveless blouse accentuating her ample br ** sts , coupled with an orange miniskirt . 
 her hair and makeup were flawless . 
 her scent , i quickly found after i separated out the myriad other smells , was equal parts eucalyptus and lime . 
 she smelled tough , and i liked it . 
 `` it 's good to see you too , juanita , '' i told her , stepping out of reach of any more hugs . 
 she pushed up on tiptoes and glanced over my shoulder . 
 james was still wrestling with the door . 
 `` oooooh , chica ! 
 muy bien ! '' 
 she gave me a saucy wink . 
 `` i was beginning to worry , you know , when i do n't hear from you . '' 
 she bobbed her head toward james and then leaned toward me for a conspiratorial whisper . 
 i obligingly met her halfway . 
 `` es that who you were fighting weeth last night ? 
 i hear some noises again coming from jour place . '' 
 she laughed and elbowed me in the stomach . 
 `` um , yes , he 's the one . '' 
 what else was i going to say ? 
 nope , it was a scary rogue werewolf trying to kill me ? 
 `` i keep jour secret , chica . 
 you know me , i weel always have jour back . 
 we '' - she motioned between the two of us with her cherry red nails - `` we have to stay together when the tough get going . '' 
 `` that 's great , juanita . 
 thanks . '' 
 i felt like a chump asking her for a favor when i had so obviously shunned this nice woman 's attempts at friendship over the last few years . 
 `` um , i have a favor to ask you , juanita , if you do n't mind . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 she smiled at me with no misgivings . 
 `` i do it for you , whatever it es . '' 
 `` as you can see , i had a little problem with my door last night . '' 
 james grunted under his breath at my choice of the word ` little . ' 
 `` i 'm going to call the super , but i was hoping you could maybe keep an ear out if anyone who happens to come by when you 're around ? '' 
 `` si , thees es my day off , so i weel keep up guard for you no problems ! '' 
 i eyed her outfit again , wondering what motivation got you out of bed and into full dress and makeup on your day off . 
 but who was i to judge ? 
 this woman was turning out to be a great ally , and i was kind of running short on those at the moment . 
 `` listen , juanita . '' 
 i leaned in closer and she immediately followed , her forehead almost touching mine . 
 `` it 's very important you do n't open your door if you hear anyone out here , no matter who it is . '' 
 as i said it , i looked straight into her eyes , trying to force some vulcan mind-meld mojo at her-a gift that i might or might not have , but it was worth a try . 
 i was interested in juanita 's help , but i had no intention of forfeiting her life for it . 
 whoever hired rogues meant business . 
 they would not hesitate to take her out . 
 `` i mean it , juanita . 
 no door opening under any circumstances . 
 use your peephole and call me if anything seems ... um , i guess ... strange . '' 
 well , stranger than what you heard last night . 
 `` or overly unusual . '' 
 `` okay , chica . 
 i weel not open the door to no one , even if they say to me es okay , si ? '' 
 she was obviously completely unpersuaded by my nonexistent mind-meld skills . 
 a pang of disappointment ran through me . 
 not having an arsenal of super new gifts was going to make it hard to navigate in the supernatural world , where power was a must . 
 i was really hoping for persuasion ; it would 've been a great asset . 
 james had finished propping the door into the opening and it looked fairly good at first glance , however , one push of a fingertip would likely topple it back into my apartment , but it would do for now . 
 i 'd put a call into jeff , the super , as soon as i could . 
 i had nothing to steal , as my apartment was bare , but allowing access to anyone who stopped by was tricky . 
 if juanita alerted me to anything suspicious , i might have an advantage . 
 we were late . 
 i quickly jotted my number on the piece of paper i 'd brought out and handed it to her . 
 `` remember , juanita . 
 it 's extremely important that you do not open your door for any reason . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 `` i weel no open , chica . 
 i weel keep watch with all my strength for you . '' 
 she leaned in to me one last time with a sly look . 
 `` but for my repayment , you weel need to come to my house to have a drink , si ? 
 juanita weel keep jour secrets for you , but in return you have to tell juanita what es happening here in thees crazy place . '' 
 she shook her head at me . 
 `` es too much . 
 i worry for you . '' 
 juanita was sharp as a tack and i admired her spunk . 
 `` okay , juanita , you have a deal . '' 
 i pulled into my office parking lot a few car lengths ahead of james . 
 there were a ton of cars already in the lot . 
 no one was waiting to jump me outside , so i figured my father had them under control . 
 i parked and headed into my building . 
 there was no need to wait for james with plenty of able-bodied wolves inside . 
 a supe bent on attack , even if it was another rogue , would be foolish to come here . 
 the smell outside was a swirling tide of male aggression . 
 i pushed the doors to hannon and michaels open and marcy strode toward me anxiously . 
 `` you 're late . '' 
 her eyes gleamed with the sparkle of adventure , not a typical sight . 
 her signature scent of fresh lavender wafted up my nose , making me smile in spite of the situation . 
 i glanced at the clock behind her desk . 
 `` you can barely call this late . 
 i 'm a little tardy . '' 
 marcy raised her eyebrows in a manner indicating she pitied me immensely . 
 `` everyone 's in the conference room , but there 's hardly any room left . '' 
 she took my arm , guiding me down the hallway at a brisk pace . 
 `` and in case you were wondering , i 've already cast a spell around the perimeter of the building . 
 it 's set to go off if any other supernaturals feel like crashing the party . 
 oh , and i also took it upon myself to jump-start the rumor mill . 
 my aunt tally , that crotchety old bitty , now thinks callum mcclain is hiring hannon and michaels to look into a murder investigation , '' she whispered excitedly , despite the fact she just told me the whole supernatural community was already in on it . 
 `` you 've had a busy morning . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` good thinking on all counts . '' 
 we stopped in front of the conference room . 
 `` and , marcy , if i did n't know any better , i 'd say you were enjoying yourself . '' 
 i leaned over and whispered , `` and , honestly , it 's a good thing at least one of us is having fun . 
 this may be the end of my life as we both know it . 
 the chances of me coming out of this room alive are slim to none . '' 
 `` oh , please . '' 
 she swiped her arm in a dismissive gesture . 
 `` you 'll be fine , and for your information i have n't enjoyed myself in years . 
 now get in there before the alpha of the u.s. northern territories starts gouging holes in the furniture because his ungrateful daughter made him wait too long . '' 
 `` i 'll admit to ` overly harried ' or ` exceptionally talented , ' but never ` ungrateful . ' '' 
 i gave her a wry smile . 
 i opened the conference room door . 
 a cloud of hostile testosterone engulfed me completely . 
 the shroud of stale air saturated the room . 
 how could they stand it ? 
 i 'd taken one step inside but was forced to stop in my tracks in the middle of the open doorway . 
 i had to mentally snatch my hands back before i placed them on the jambs to steady myself . 
 i could n't afford to look weak . 
 instead , i dug my nails into my palms . 
 pain over asphyxiation . 
 nails in the palms were becoming my norm . 
 the pain centered me , and lucky for me the room was crowded , so not all eyes found me immediately , mostly because they could n't see over the six-foot-plus wolves standing in my way . 
 marcy was still behind me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 when i did n't respond she murmured , `` hold tight , i 'll be right back with some water . '' 
 she took off down the hallway . 
 with as much composure as i could gather , i closed the door with a snap behind me . 
 keeping marcy out of the volatile conference room was now a top priority . 
 the water would have to wait . 
 agitated werewolves in a small space were not good for anyone 's health , least of all my skinny , breakable friend . 
 if the smells swirling around were any indication , we were just short of an all-out riot . 
 as i stepped forward , the wolves in front of me parted slightly . 
 i stopped a few paces in , meeting my father 's gaze across the conference table . 
 he was seated at the head of the table , looking regal and completely in charge . 
 my brother was on one side , danny and nick on the other . 
 since this meeting was specifically about me , and involved hannon and michaels , it looked like nick would be included on the events . 
 i was relieved . 
 i ran a quick glance around the room , careful not to meet any direct gazes . 
 the room contained every wolf i 'd ever known , and many more i 'd never met . 
 they were keeping themselves in check for the time being . 
 my father had called the cavalry in to settle important business . 
 i was n't surprised he 'd done it , since it was protocol when the pack was in danger , but it was still shocking to see so many wolves gathered in one place . 
 our conference room at hannon and michaels was a fairly large space , but now it resembled a crowded subway car . 
 marcy had brought in extra chairs , but there were n't enough . 
 the wolves who ranked highest in status sat around the table . 
 the rest lined the walls . 
 my gaze settled back on my father . 
 wading through a sea of agitated werewolves did n't seem like a very smart idea at the moment . 
 they were bound by their alpha 's orders right now , but i did n't want to stir up a frenzy , so i gave my father a small nod to let him know i was good to go where i was , and he took the cue and slowly stood . 
 his movements controlled the room . 
 all eyes focused on him as he leaned forward , bracing his knuckles on the tabletop in front of him . 
 he swept the room with a severe gaze , meeting each and every eye individually . 
 it took a while , but the effect was clear . 
 `` this is my daughter , jessica mcclain . '' 
 my father 's voice rang out , calm and authoritative . 
 `` she has gone under the alias molly hannon and has been living in this city for the last seven years . '' 
 there was some murmuring . 
 many in the trusted inner circle had known , but for security reasons it had n't been common knowledge , so most of the wolves in the room had no idea . 
 `` a little over three days ago my daughter became a fullblooded werewolf . '' 
 well , that was one way to sort it out . 
 the murmurs turned to commotion as my father continued , `` if anyone here objects to her directly you must make your presence known to me immediately . '' 
 many of the wolves darted looks my way and a few , hank included , looked very put out , but no one uttered a word . 
 the wolves nearest me jockeyed for position , some of them peering at me curiously . 
 james strode into the room behind me . 
 he came up close , stopping only inches from my back . 
 he radiated some much-needed strength in my direction and it calmed me by a few degrees . 
 i ventured a quick peek over my shoulder . 
 his nostrils flared , a growl reverberating deep in his chest . 
 his face was as steely as i 'd ever seen it . 
 he knew what it was going to take to convince this pack i was not their enemy , and his face told every wolf in the room where his loyalty stood . 
 a new smell permeated the air . 
 it was strong and acidic , the scent of anger mixed with aggression-almost a challenge . 
 the hairs along my arms bristled and my wolf began to pace agitatedly in my mind . 
 she growled a low threatening sound . 
 easy , i warned , we wo n't win this one . 
 it 's not the time to wolf out , believe me . 
 she quieted , but ignored my words completely as she kept watch . 
 james 's body stiffened behind mine as the smell grew more dense . 
 i darted a glance at my father , who continued to quietly scan the room with a watchful eye . 
 he was allowing his wolves the opportunity to take in the new information , and while they processed it , he gauged their reactions . 
 my brother , seated next to him , had assumed a similar vigil , most likely waiting to see which wolf 's neck he 'd have to snap first . 
 i could n't tell which wolf had issued the challenge , because my senses were stuck on werewolf testosterone overload . 
 likely it was more than one . 
 and because there were so many wolves in here , i was almost certain no one could pin an accurate read on the aggressor . 
 james stepped forward , coming shoulder to shoulder with me . 
 his voice was strong and clear . 
 `` jessica is not weak . 
 i 've seen the results of her fight firsthand . 
 those of you who perceive her to be an easy target will be sadly mistaken . 
 from this day forth , she will be protected by the rights of laws of this pack-to the death . '' 
 his eyes targeted certain wolves , and they dropped their gazes one after the other . 
 `` i vow it in my name . '' 
 he clapped a fist to his chest above his heart . 
 there was an immediate stirring . 
 the rights of laws was our bible . 
 it contained all of our lore , passed down through generations . 
 it was a physical text outlining the ways of the wolf , dating back several thousand years . 
 when my father had become alpha it had been entrusted to him , though to my knowledge it had been damaged in a fire more than three hundred years before he 'd inherited it . 
 i 'd never seen the book , but it was said chunks of text were missing and some pages had been burned and charred beyond recognition . 
 a primary law stated that no werewolf , with the exception of the alpha , or at the alpha 's directive , could attack another werewolf without just cause , outside of a challenge to pack status . 
 pack challenges were their own event , and treated with great ceremony . 
 the penalty for attacking without provocation was death . 
 no in-betweens , just plain death . 
 if a wolf broke this law , his punishment would be meted out by the alpha , or a wolf designated by the alpha . 
 james had just in effect told a roomful of wolves-his pack mates-that he would kill any wolf who chose to lash out at me without just cause . 
 it was a heavy threat since james was the second most powerful wolf in the pack . 
 his strength and killing prowess were legendary . 
 my father gave a curt nod of approval to james , before he added , `` there will be no pack challenges issued against my daughter until the matter of the dead rogue is addressed . 
 there will be no exceptions . 
 a direct threat against my daughter , by this rogue , will be treated as it should-as a threat against pack . '' 
 the buzzing in the room reached a feverish peak . 
 wolves hated change and their body language clearly showed it . 
 many tensed , growling under their breath , shuffling their feet . 
 they were n't going to be won over easily , if at all . 
 there was a wisp against my consciousness . 
 do n't worry , jess , tyler said softly . 
 even if it does n't look that way , the majority of us are behind you and will protect you no matter the cost . 
 wo n't the cost be too much , tyler ? 
 i could n't bear to think of something happening to my brother or father , to any of them , because of me . 
 that 's what pack law dictates , jess . 
 and that 's what we 'll do . 
 i think someone forgot to tell the wolf who attacked me last night that he was bound by pack law . 
 he was n't one of ours . 
 we do n't know who he is yet , but devon 's working on it . 
 he was definitely a rogue , but there 's a good chance he was hired by someone outside of any pack . 
 that was news . 
 for the first time i noticed devon with his laptop in the corner of the table . 
 devon lee was the resident computer wiz and one of my father 's top advisors . 
 he was n't a wolf , he was an essential . 
 i had no doubt that given enough time he 'd come up with the rogue 's missing identity . 
 he had a brilliant mind for solving issues . 
 rogue wolves were extremely dangerous . 
 they were wolves who 'd been thrown out of a previous pack because they could n't play well with others , or had broken some law-which really meant they could n't play well with others . 
 some rogues , like hank , moved to another pack immediately , which was allowed if the new alpha deemed them worthy . 
 if they were accepted , they were given another chance to play by the rules . 
 the rights of laws mandated that rogue wolves be given a one-year respite from harm so they could rehabilitate into a more suitable pack . 
 most rogues chose a new pack , because if they did n't , within a year to the day , they had a standing kill order on their heads . 
 i did n't know the exact number of rogues now on the run , but i assumed , at the very least , it was in the double digits . 
 in the old days , assimilation into a new pack worked , these days it was n't a sure thing . 
 a rogue who chose to stay a rogue on purpose had few redeeming qualities . 
 and anyone who would hire a rogue to do their dirty work was also no friend of pack . 
 it was a severe crime in our world , and would be enough of a catalyst to start a war with the sect responsible . 
 my father commanded the room again , effectively cutting off any rebuttals , as well as my internal conversation with my brother . 
 `` this pack has been attacked by an outsider-a rogue wolf . 
 a wolf who chose not to live by our rules . 
 our laws state this is a direct threat to all of us , and it will predispose any other action until it is resolved . 
 there will be no further discussions about it . '' 
 there were some surprising murmurs of agreement , and some nodding . 
 i had n't thought any wolf would agree . 
 a little relief ran through me until i heard a chair scrape back . 
 hank stood with a snarl and pointed an angry finger at me . 
 `` how do we know this rogue was n't just one of her jilted lovers gone bad ? 
 huh ? 
 someone she got tired of and decided to kill ? 
 there 's been no proof she was attacked in the first place , and there 's been no proof that the wolf in question was even a rogue . '' 
 leave it to hank to start us off with a bang . 
 he had some gargantuan balls-he and ray should have a tea party sometime . 
 they 'd bond over their shared hatred . 
 another wolf piped in on hank 's heels , a voice i recognized as rich garley . 
 hank had officially opened the floodgates . 
 rich was one of the older wolves seated at the conference table . 
 he 'd spent time at the compound during my early years , but now ran a small successful equipment business in south dakota , where he spent nearly a hundred percent of his time . 
 he wisely stayed in his seat . 
 `` callum , i respect what you 're saying here . 
 but do we really know for sure what happened last night ? 
 from what i understand , the presumed rogue wolf in question has not been identified . 
 i will stand by you , but i am unwilling to wage a war without some physical proof or complete certainty that this was a direct attack on pack . '' 
 a younger wolf with shaggy brown hair and a decidedly aggressive edge boldly stepped forward . 
 `` how do we even know for sure if a female can be pack ? 
 why would we stick our necks out for her without proof she 's pack ? '' 
 my father snarled . 
 the insolent wolf 's eyes widened and dropped , all aggression in his features died in an instant , his surliness replaced by a pandering look . 
 in his wolf form , he would 've nipped my father 's mouth with his tail between his legs . 
 his indiscretion would not be forgotten . 
 served the bastard right . 
 my father snapped his teeth fiercely . 
 `` malcolm , because you are a relatively young wolf , and are n't familiar with our laws due to your residence off compound '' - a low noise issued from the back of his throat , alerting the young malcolm to what he should 've known anyway - `` i will forgive your indiscretion . 
 this time . '' 
 malcolm squeaked a response . 
 `` a child born directly to the alpha is pack by bloodline . '' 
 my father turned to the room , his voice echoing with power , making every syllable jump . 
 `` it has been so since the beginning of our existence . 
 my children need not prove alliance , it is given freely . 
 they need not swear to the pack . 
 it matters naught if jessica is female . 
 my blood flows through her veins . 
 she is my kin . 
 she is pack . '' 
 hank still stood , a blatant disrespect to his alpha . 
 james growled and took a mock step toward him . 
 hank sat down with a thump . 
 `` jessica , '' james declared , looking fierce as yellow light shot across his irises , `` was attacked last night without provocation by a rogue wolf . 
 i saw him myself . 
 she was injured , but had already killed the wolf on her own . '' 
 he dared anyone to challenge him . 
 `` the rogue was in full wolf form during the attack . 
 he sprang without warning the moment she entered her apartment . 
 jessica should be dead by all accounts . 
 it was a cowardly show of aggression , beneath us as a race , but she bested the wolf on her own and won '' - he gave a big pause - `` in human form . '' 
 glances whipped toward me immediately , appraising . 
 most were skeptical . 
 james had n't mentioned the word `` lycan '' and i had no idea if any of them were thinking it . 
 i was a girl . 
 how could i beat a werewolf as a human ? 
 lycan was likely far from their thoughts , but they were thinking of something , there was no doubt . 
 the door cracked open behind me . 
 marcy delivering the water . 
 before i could shoo her away , james spun on his heel too fast to track . 
 he scooped marcy around the middle and pounded out of the room , slamming the door firmly behind him . 
 all i 'd heard from marcy 's retreating body was a diminutive `` ooof . '' 
 my father ignored the brief interruption , and instead motioned me over to him with a quick nod of his head . 
 okay , then . 
 danny quickly vacated his seat as i made my way around the table . 
 wolves parted aggressively , but kept themselves under control . 
 my wolf was issuing a low-level continuous growl as we moved through the room . 
 she was on the defense , ready to protect us . 
 i calmly took the chair on my father 's left , tyler on his right . 
 our seating arrangement presented a fierce showing of where we stood in pack . 
 the faces around the table , to my surprise , displayed both acceptance and rejection . 
 once again , i had n't been expecting anything positive . 
 my gaze followed james as he strode back into the room and without a sound paced around the table and stood behind my chair , legs splayed wide , his wrists clasped in front of him . 
 his fighting stance . 
 having the support of many significant wolves would help eliminate some of the dissension , but any wolf who felt my position would affect their place in the pecking order would choose to fight me eventually no matter who supported me , or why . 
 and when the official status challenges came , it would be me fighting alone . 
 not even my dad could circumvent those laws . 
 i could n't worry about future challenges . 
 i had n't made it out of this room yet . 
 i had to focus on what was going on here , and eliminate the white noise . 
 `` the next step is to formulate a plan , '' my father said . 
 he did n't touch on what james had just said about me besting the rogue in human form . 
 i was relieved . 
 `` the circle will stay to discuss the main options , and the other wolves will be brought up to speed once a decision is made on how the entire pack will proceed . 
 you are excused until further notice . '' 
 he nodded to the wolves lining the walls . 
 i watched as the wolves filed out of the room . 
 i caught a brief glimpse of marcy as the door opened , her eyes wide . 
 then without missing a beat she said , `` right this way , fellas . '' 
 i did n't have enough money in my coffers to pay her enough . 
 behind me , there was a barely audible growl . 
 it was coming from james . 
 i turned to him , but his gaze was pinned on the last wolf leaving the conference room . 
 as the door closed , i wondered if i should be worried . 
 the wolves should behave themselves out there . 
 marcy should n't be in any real trouble . 
 i was the problem , not her . 
 the smell of aggression diminished considerably as the wolves left the room , but before i could ask james what he thought , my father 's voice filled the space . 
 `` we will start this meeting with jessica . 
 she will brief you on the details of her first change , up until she arrived here this morning . 
 after we 've heard from her , we will hear from both tyler and james . 
 then the circle will decide what action is to be taken . '' 
 the circle was the formal name for the werewolf council , made up of roughly thirteen wolves including my father , one for every cycle of the moon in our original calendar . 
 my father had supreme ruling over all decisions , which went without saying , but throughout the past few centuries wolves in every pack had employed an advisory council of some kind . 
 the circle was short for `` circle of the moon . '' 
 the full moon has always been our most sacred symbol . 
 when it began , the circle originally consisted of the alpha and the twelve oldest werewolves in attendance at that given time . 
 nowadays , with technology and modern human development , my father had assigned specific wolves to the council , to go along with the oldest . 
 there were nine wolves left sitting , not including nick , me , and devon , who was part of the circle but not a wolf . 
 besides my father , my brother , and james , in attendance were grady carson ; rich garley ; my new super supporter , hank , who i wished to hell was n't here , but because he was one of the eldest he ranked a seat whether i liked it or not ; danny , who had a spot due to his status as the enforcer of the city boundaries ; and two other older wolves , cliff delano and elliot murphy . 
 three wolves were missing , all of whom resided in canada . 
 i had no idea how any of the council members felt about me , besides hank and grady , but we were going to find out in about five minutes . 
 normally the council meetings were held on the compound , but because of the rogue attack , and everything that had gone wrong , my father had come here . 
 my father turned to me with his eyebrows raised expectantly . 
 i told my side of the story . 
 i recounted to the circle everything that had happened to me over the past few days , up until james busted through my door last night . 
 james picked up the thread after that , and then my brother followed . 
 nothing was mentioned about our brief interlude . 
 neither james nor i would be expected to share our coupling . 
 some things were private , even for werewolves . 
 my being a possible lycan was also not specifically mentioned by name either , but it was implied . 
 james told the room i had begun to change , but never finished . 
 when tyler finished describing the scene there was a long silence . 
 `` what do you mean she started to change ? '' 
 hank , not surprisingly , asked first . 
 `` did she finish , or did she get locked ? '' 
 he looked at me hopefully . 
 getting locked or stalling partway through the change was typical with newborns , and extremely painful . 
 or so i 'd heard . 
 i deferred to my father with a glance . 
 i did n't feel it was my information to share ; i barely understood what was going on my own self , much less trying to explain it to a group of wolves . 
 callum mcclain peered seriously around the table at his inner circle . 
 the anxiety in the room had amped up a few degrees . 
 i suddenly felt light-headed . 
 i had no idea what everyone was going to do when they found out . 
 it could n't possibly be good . 
 `` what i am about to tell you will stay in this room until i deem it pack business . 
 vow it . '' 
 around the table a chorus of voices chimed , `` i vow it . '' 
 14 a pulse of power flowed through the room as my father accepted an oath from each wolf . 
 if they broke their vow he 'd know it . 
 vows were binding in our world . 
 the link from an alpha to his wolf was a physical one , and when it came to a vow , it manifested between them in a tangible way . 
 `` i have not seen this for myself , but it has been witnessed by my son and my second . '' 
 he met the curious stares of his council straight on . 
 `` it seems jessica was able to change partway and hold that form for a considerable amount of time . 
 she fought the rogue that way ... and won . '' 
 he lifted his eyebrow slightly , challenging his wolves to say otherwise . 
 `` she did not get locked . 
 she did not stall . 
 she was able to function with complete control . '' 
 there was dead silence . 
 some of the wolves darted looks at each other . 
 i wiggled in my seat , uncomfortable now that my secret was out . 
 receiving the news i was a lycan had to be the equivalent of proving the cain myth true for these wolves . 
 i knew my father had to address it , there was no other way around it , but i just wished i 'd had a few more days to digest everything first before it all came crashing down around me . 
 the soft clacks of the computer keys came to a halt . 
 `` lycan , '' devon breathed . 
 `` you 're talking about a lycan , right ? 
 i did n't think that was even possible . 
 i mean , there 's plenty of legend surrounding it , but no one in the last thousand years has ever witnessed one . '' 
 everyone held perfectly still . 
 emotions passed over each wolf 's face as they grappled with the news . 
 a hesitant cough came from across the table . 
 `` but , callum , if you did n't personally see it , they may have been mistaken , '' rich said calmly . 
 `` no one has ever seen a true lycan . 
 how could it be accurately judged so quickly ? 
 it 's possible that a female werewolf ca n't even change fully to begin with . 
 changing partway may be the only thing she can manage . '' 
 he had a point . 
 if i had n't made a full change my first night i would be questioning it as well . 
 `` i would agree with you , rich . 
 caution would be the right way to tread with this , '' my father said . 
 `` this is not information i share lightly with all of you . 
 jace did a full blood workup on jessica when she came back , and her chemistry has completely changed . 
 i received the results before i left the compound . 
 he is still working on isolating the gene , but according to her blood , at this time , she is full wolf and that 's confirmation enough . '' 
 he let his voice trail off as he gazed around the room . 
 it was still absolutely quiet . 
 he continued , `` there have also been a few other indicators pointing to lycan , which have made me solidify my judgment . '' 
 cliff delano , a steady wolf with chocolate skin and serious eyes , stared at me in open wonder . 
 `` what other indicators ? '' 
 he asked my father in a sedate tone , which underscored the fear quietly emanating from him . 
 in fact , the stink of fear began to fill the air from several directions . 
 that was n't good . 
 `` jessica , it seems , '' my father told his circle , `` is able to block me from her thoughts unconsciously . 
 i am unable to reach her . 
 i can not break through her barrier , though i have tried to do repeatedly . '' 
 there was an audible gasp and a few open growls . 
 i felt like a fish in an aquarium , right before the cat dips his paw in and gobbles her up . 
 i burned under the weight of their gazes . 
 what do you think about that , boys ? 
 huh ? 
 i 'm an unknown risk and the most powerful alpha in the world ca n't control me . 
 i 'm your worst nightmare come to life . 
 how do you like me now ? 
 i closed my eyes . 
 my internal senses shifted as tyler spoke in my head . 
 jess , it 's gon na be okay . 
 we will figure this out . 
 if they retaliate , we will quell it and move on . 
 that 's easy for you to say . 
 quelling a few wolves is one thing , but once this gets out , my life will be up for grabs . 
 you ca n't stop all of them at the same time . 
 the wolves who fear what a lycan will mean in pack , having never seen one before , will hate me for no other reason than that , and those who deny i 'm a lycan will fight me for status . 
 my brother 's emotions swirled near the surface . 
 in my mind , it appeared like an ethereal arc of colors . 
 i had no idea the thought process could work like that . 
 fiercely loyal green , purple for his fears , and the scarlet of his heart . 
 he had no words for me , but that was enough . 
 i glanced up from the table . 
 my gaze landed solidly on hank . 
 naturally . 
 his facial features went from shock to revulsion in one second flat . 
 he shot up from his seat before he could contain himself , so fast he stumbled back a few steps , his chair clattering . 
 `` i will not take orders from that , '' he said as he pointed at me . 
 `` i will not be ruled by a female . '' 
 he was so angry , spittle gathered at the sides of his mouth . 
 my father stood from his chair slowly , taking his time to rest his hands on the table and lean forward . 
 `` no one is asking you to take orders from jessica , hank lauder . 
 i 'm the alpha of this pack . 
 i will remain the alpha . 
 there 's been no shift in power , nor do i expect there to be . 
 there is much for us to learn about what a lycan means , but i assure you jessica will not be seeking to challenge me . 
 not now , not ever . '' 
 you 've got that right , dad . 
 i had a very clear sense my wolf was n't the pack alpha type . 
 yes , we were alpha , strong and bullheaded , but running pack was for alphas . 
 there were very few true alphas born . 
 it took the strongest alpha-born personality , coupled with cunning , power , and the ability to run a pack to make a true alpha . 
 just because you were alpha-born did n't mean you were strong enough to control a bunch of unruly wolves . 
 do n't ask how , but i was certain it was not our role to take over pack leadership . 
 my wolf snapped her jaws at the thought , dismissing it . 
 i was definitely missing something here . 
 i do n't get it . 
 i know we 're alpha-born , but not alpha . 
 none of it makes any sense . 
 elliot murphy spoke for the first time , interrupting my inner thoughts . 
 his red hair and freckled face looked friendly enough but i was n't sure if he was on my side yet . 
 `` let us hear from jessica , then . 
 she can tell us for herself she will not seek to rule us as alpha of this pack . '' 
 my father looked to me and i stood up . 
 he was still standing , since he was n't going to sit until hank did . 
 `` i can assure everyone here i do not wish to be alpha . '' 
 my tone was clear and even . 
 `` being a werewolf is very , very new to me , but my wolf clearly holds my father as alpha of this pack . 
 i have absolutely no intention of fighting my father for his place . 
 ever . '' 
 `` then prove it to us , '' james 's voice intoned from behind me , mingled with a little regret . 
 `` swear to us right here , right now . 
 swear to it on a blood oath . '' 
 i turned to him , my mouth gaping slightly . 
 his face remained still , no emotion showing , but from my proximity , only a foot away , i could see a pinprick of amber flicker in his eyes . 
 i knew exactly why he 'd made the request , but it still made my heart skip a beat . 
 if i did n't swear to these wolves , right this minute , the panic and unrest would seep into the pack at a rate that would ensure my elimination by challenge or other means by night 's end , starting a civil war within our pack . 
 maybe if the news had only been full blooded , i might have scraped by , but lycan ? 
 no . 
 this news was too much , and i could not let the cain myth come true . 
 i 'd be damned if i was going to be the catalyst that broke this pack apart . 
 no f ** king way . 
 if i swore a blood oath never to challenge my father for alpha status , i could lessen some of the insanity right now . 
 i had no other choice . 
 `` of my own free will , '' i stated , `` and before you all , i will swear a blood oath to never challenge my father for alpha status of this pack . '' 
 a vow resonated with power , making it binding . 
 if a wolf broke their vow , the alpha would mete out punishment as he saw fit . 
 a blood oath was deathly . 
 nothing in pack was more powerful than the alpha . 
 the alpha 's blood was the key to that power . 
 when a wolf 's blood mingled with his alpha 's , and an oath was spoken , it sealed an unbreakable deal . 
 if i were to try to go against my word , to fight my father , my death would be instantaneous . 
 my father 's blood would stop my heart , or clot my brain , or something akin to that . 
 who knew exactly how it all worked ? 
 i just knew it did . 
 and so did everyone else in the room . 
 few wolves ever swore blood oaths , because they forfeited their lives if they ever changed their minds . 
 i was n't going to change my mind . 
 for the sake of my family , i could n't and would n't . 
 my father turned to me , his eyes steady . 
 i could see regret in them , but also acceptance . 
 he knew as well as i did that we had no other choice but to move forward like this . 
 there was a sharp intake of breath from across the table before the caustic words hit the air . 
 `` if she 's able to block your power in her mind already , do we know if the blood oath will even work ? '' 
 hank sneered . 
 `` she could fake it . '' 
 my father looked directly at hank , rolling his shoulders forward . 
 hank had exhausted his get-out-of-jail-free cards . 
 i 'd never understood why my father put up with hank 's antics-he was a constant pain in the ass-but he must 've had a good reason . 
 or hank would already be dead . 
 my father growled , and hank dropped his eyes and sat . 
 `` blood works differently . 
 both jessica and i will feel the oath as it binds and accepts us . 
 i will know . '' 
 his voice was a command . 
 no one else spoke . 
 james stepped from behind my chair and handed my father a hunting knife from its resting place on his belt . 
 my father handed me the blade after making a quick incision in his palm . 
 his blood ran thick and dark , but would be open on his hand only a few moments before it healed over . 
 i took the blade , staring straight at my father , and said what i hoped would be enough . 
 `` i , jessica ann mcclain , will never challenge callum seitheach mcclain for his rightful place as pack alpha of the u.s. northern territories for as long as i live and breathe . 
 i swear it on this blood oath , with this pack as witness . 
 if i so do , may i die . '' 
 i sliced my palm open . 
 bright red blood flowed like a river . 
 i grasped my father 's outstretched hand . 
 he closed his eyes and arched his head backward . 
 power radiated between us in a pulsating mass of energy . 
 i was sure the other wolves could feel it as well . 
 his blood rocketed through my system like a meteor , hot and dangerous . 
 my body shuddered with the impact . 
 my wolf howled . 
 every single molecule of my being stung like it 'd been seared . 
 his blood was unbelievably strong . 
 my body raced to process the influx of his power as it mingled with mine . 
 my wolf barked and scratched her claws along the floor of my mind , shaking her head like a bee had flown in her ear . 
 we stayed like that for another few seconds . 
 `` it is done . '' 
 my father unclasped his hand , breaking the connection . 
 his wound was completely healed . 
 mine continued to bleed . 
 nick handed me a set of napkins from the coffee cart . 
 my father sat down without looking at me . 
 i resumed my seat and blotted the napkins into my still healing skin . 
 rich garley snorted . 
 `` well , if she ca n't heal a flesh wound like that '' - he pointed at my still dripping hand - `` she ca n't be that much of a threat . 
 i , for one , am satisfied . '' 
 he looked around the room to other nods of approval . 
 danny and devon nodded their heads up and down in unison . 
 my gaze landed on grady , who had n't uttered a word since i 'd walked into the room . 
 he appraised me carefully with open speculation . 
 his wise eyes lingered on my hand , his face drawn in an inscrutable line . 
 i hoped like hell he had n't already discovered what my father and i were trying so well to hide during our little demonstration . 
 if he knew already , the others would n't be fooled so easily . 
 power had swirled as our blood merged . 
 that part had not been a lie . 
 but i knew in my soul , just as my father knew . 
 the blood oath did not claim me . 
 15 `` devon '' - my father was back to business in the span of a heartbeat - `` give us an update on what you 've found about the rogue who attacked jessica last night . '' 
 my father was clearly not going to risk taking any questions about what had just gone on between us . 
 we both knew he should have shared it with the circle , but he 'd chosen in an instant to protect me against all other rational thought . 
 he was my father and i love him for it , even though it put us in a dangerous position . 
 the pack could wage war on him for the betrayal , if they ever found out . 
 on my life , i would just make sure they never did . 
 `` the photo '' - devon tapped his computer screen - `` i just uncovered seems to match the wolf we 're looking for . 
 according to this , his name is robert lincoln . 
 he was booted from the southern territories about ten years ago , and not a lot is known about him . 
 the last entry speculates he spent time in russia . '' 
 devon paused to let the weight of that sink in . 
 `` and the last physical sighting of him was in spain two years ago . '' 
 devon , and a few other computer-gifted wolves across pack lines , had spent some time compiling a database of sorts . 
 it let the six world packs share information with each other for these very reasons . 
 if a wolf went rogue , or chose a life as a lone wolf , his picture and profile were automatically entered into the database . 
 lone wolves were wolves , usually extremely old , who chose to live out the rest of their lives in wolf form , instead of in their human form . 
 there were very few of them , all of them low-threat betas , and there were strict rules , but they did exist . 
 the database was the only `` cooperative endeavor '' the major world packs did together . 
 there was n't a lot of trust across pack lines , but it was meant to ensure everyone 's safety , both werewolf and human . 
 the world packs consisted of the two u.s. territories , both northern and southern , which included canada to the north and mexico to the south , south america , europe , asia , and russia . 
 russia was the most wild and notoriously unpredictable territory . 
 the wolves there were born mean and were known for their unscrupulous behavior . 
 it was said they valued human life very little , if at all . 
 a rogue come and gone from russia solidified himself as a threat , it being one of the few remaining places for a rogue to run wild and , with enough bribery and viciousness , survive for any length of time . 
 there were many small factions of wolves scattered around the world , but they were not considered fully operating packs . 
 they were usually tied to an alpha on one of the main continents . 
 my father controlled a small contingency in the aleutian islands . 
 their leader was required to check in once a year , and they were not bound to our pack like the other wolves . 
 meaning they were not required to wage war for us . 
 they also ran their clans differently , more loose and organic , like the old ways . 
 but unlike the rogues , they were beholden to rules and they still answered to their alpha . 
 `` go on , '' my father said . 
 `` there has been a kill order on him for the last nine years , '' devon continued . 
 `` and it looks like several wolves in europe have gotten close . 
 a bounty has never been issued . '' 
 if you killed a rogue , the pack that rogue last came from paid a hefty reward . 
 it was money well spent to keep rogues from running wild , and for other wolves to get the idea if they went rogue , everyone was going to be clamoring to kill them . 
 `` there has been no recorded kill . 
 well , until today , that is . '' 
 he tapped the keys to fill in the appropriate data , i assumed . 
 it looked as though robert lincoln had stayed alive longer than most . 
 this was n't good news for our pack . 
 someone obviously had hired him . 
 and they 'd hired him quick , since i 'd only `` technically '' come out as a werewolf today . 
 the rogue had also known where my apartment was located , which was leased under the name molly hannon with no records leading to jessica mcclain or pack whatsoever . 
 it pointed to a rather large breach in our pack ranks , which did n't bode well for any of us . 
 my father took the news seriously and was quiet for a long moment . 
 `` if this rogue came from russia or europe , our pack faces a major threat , '' he said . 
 `` i will contact julian to see if he has any additional news about this particular wolf . 
 from now on our pack will be on high alert until we discover who and where this threat is coming from and why . '' 
 he rubbed his chin absentmindedly . 
 julian de rossi was the pack alpha of the european territories . 
 his wolves had been involved in a civil war on and off for years . 
 it was just a matter of time before they split into two . 
 too many wolves in one pack bred all kinds of trouble . 
 `` my gut feeling is someone has been waiting for jessica to turn , with plans in place all along . 
 all they needed to do was enact these plans once receiving confirmation of her transition . 
 any other scenario would 've taken too long . 
 i 've been extremely foolish and lax in my assumption she would go undetected for so many years . 
 i blame myself for this and no other . '' 
 `` you ca n't possibly take all the blame , '' i said , not knowing if i should jump in , but doing so anyway . 
 `` i do n't accept that . 
 i insisted on a life outside the compound . 
 i fought for my life for it . 
 literally . 
 and i 'd do it again if given the chance , whatever the cost . '' 
 `` that 's where we differ , jessica . '' 
 my father turned toward me . 
 `` if i 'd known the cost we 're facing now , i would 've restrained you and kept you under my watchful eye all this time . 
 there is nothing on this earth worth the possible risks we face now . '' 
 there was a softness in his eyes that i had n't seen since i was young . 
 `` jessica , you are the only female werewolf in existence . 
 we have no known record of such a thing ever happening before . 
 you are priceless among us , and something we can not even begin to understand . 
 i 've been remiss in how i 've dealt with you , and i will compensate by making a vow on my life that you will survive at all costs . '' 
 tyler added , `` jess , we 're going to find these ass ** les and eliminate them quickly and efficiently . 
 even if the threat is coming from overseas . 
 we have enough power in our pack to crush the opposition . '' 
 the u.s. northern territories were known around the world as the powerhouse pack not to mess with . 
 unlike russia with its brutal wolves , our pack took cunning and paired it with strength to become an undefeatable force for the past three hundred years . 
 grady 's voice came slow and steady from across the table . 
 `` it is my belief we must first determine if there is a traitor among our own pack . '' 
 unease fluttered around the table , each wolf looking warily at the other . 
 `` my humble suggestion is we keep every detail of this council meeting private until that point has been determined . 
 letting this information out may risk the only edge we may have . '' 
 `` agreed , '' my father said . 
 his tone brooked no further discussion on the matter . 
 `` agreed , '' a chorus of voices chimed in around the table . 
 no one was going to risk being the one to disagree now . 
 i rested my arms on the table , the wound on my palm finally sealed . 
 `` if i understand all this correctly , my mind was wide open during my change for a few moments . 
 correct ? 
 if that 's the case , any wolf in this pack could 've figured out what was happening last saturday morning . 
 that leaves hundreds of possibilities . '' 
 `` the message i received from your wolf came in the wee hours of the night , '' danny said , speaking for the first time , `` and it was very short and muddled . 
 i was unsure it was really you-and i know you . '' 
 he continued , `` the wolf who decided to take that very scant knowledge acted quickly on an unfounded assumption that you 'd made a full change . 
 there was no physical proof you 'd actually become a wolf . '' 
 he leaned forward , his accent deepening . 
 `` until today , none of us knew you were the real deal . 
 whoever sold you out is no friend of ours . 
 we must act immediately , and strike high on the vertebrae-pack brother or not . '' 
 danny was proving to me why he 'd been entrusted to run the protection of this city . 
 he carried no fear and was boldly sure of himself . 
 keeping the news of a possible traitor to ourselves would enable us to sniff them out . 
 literally . 
 if the wolves in this room played their cards right , the traitor in question would grow nervous . 
 i thought about it for a moment . 
 `` if we keep this private for now , it may be the best way for us to find him . 
 if we act like nothing 's happened , like the rogue was an isolated incident , we may be able to sniff him out sooner . 
 if we put pressure on the pack right away , he may run and we 'll lose our chance to nab him and find out what 's going on . 
 if i leave here and go back to my life as usual-with bodyguards , '' i added before anyone could object - `` we can downplay this meeting as my official ` coming out ' party and pretend it 's business as usual . 
 he may not be able to resist his good luck and keep gunning for me . '' 
 `` that has possibilities , '' james murmured in agreement . 
 nick cleared his throat and spoke for the first time . 
 `` none of the pack has any knowledge of how we conduct business here . 
 things run differently here . 
 if we tread carefully , we may be able to monitor jessica 's movements without detection . 
 we focus our assumption that the russian-based rogue was an outside interference , not an internal search . 
 jessica goes back to her life , and we tail her quietly to find him . 
 he wo n't be able to sit still . 
 if the traitor wants her gone badly enough to hire a rogue , he will strike again . 
 likely sooner than later . '' 
 `` i do n't like it , '' my father grumbled . 
 `` we should be able to find him without a bunch of charades . 
 if i have a traitor in my pack , he will not be able to hide from me for long . 
 if i apply pressure , it will only be a matter of days before he is forced to betray himself . 
 the only uncertainty is whether he has already aligned himself with another sect altogether . 
 that unknown makes it risky . 
 i feel strongly that until we have more information , jessica should go underground , kept safe where we can watch over her . '' 
 `` i understand your caution , '' i said , addressing my father directly . 
 `` but if i go underground we are essentially telling pack , and whoever 's on my tail , that we know something is wrong and we 're investigating . 
 it may force an ugly situation before we 're ready . 
 or the traitor will run , taking away our only chance to find out any information about a possible connection to another sect-one that may or may not be after me . 
 if i spend a few more days acting like nothing 's happened , we may be able to gain a jump on who 's after me quickly , and without risk . '' 
 my father was n't nearly convinced . 
 `` just give me two days , dad . 
 that 's all i ask . 
 nick will be with me during the days , tyler , danny , or james during the nights . 
 there 's enough power in this room to do backup surveillance on all our movements . 
 i have no doubt whoever sent that rogue will continue to come after me . 
 if we 're inconspicuous enough , we can turn the tables on him and come away with information we need in less time than it will take you to pressure him out . 
 he has my scent and he is n't going to stop now . '' 
 i looked at nick for help . 
 `` what do the next two days look like for you , jessica ? '' 
 he asked me , and i loved him for it . 
 `` i 'm fairly free and can manage all your details with you . '' 
 `` actually , i have a meeting tonight with a potential new client , '' i said . 
 `` drinks at a public place to discuss a future case . '' 
 i looked to my father , who still wore a grim expression . 
 `` it would be a perfect location for someone to follow me in unseen . '' 
 `` which case ? '' 
 nick asked . 
 `` i have n't heard of any new client . '' 
 `` his name is colin rourke . 
 i spoke with him yesterday for the first time . '' 
 the uproar was instantaneous . 
 everyone in the room began talking at once , a few of the wolves jumped from the table and started pacing , including my brother . 
 devon let out a small gasp as his hands furiously clacked away on the computer keys . 
 `` what ? 
 what did i say ? '' 
 i shouted over the din , startled by what had just happened . 
 i raised my voice a few notches . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 he told me he ran an accounting firm . 
 he suspects his partner of embezzlement , or something equally uneventful . 
 what 's the big deal ? '' 
 i ended lamely with nobody paying any attention to me . 
 `` this really is bad , '' devon said , more to his computer screen than anyone else . 
 he shook his head slowly . 
 `` if rourke knows , then jessica 's already on the open market . 
 we have more to worry about than just one traitor in the pack . '' 
 james loomed behind me , his knuckles stark as he gripped the back of my chair . 
 the wood bowed and cracked beneath his fingers , and he was muttering a colorful string of nasty words under his breath-words i had n't heard him utter since i lit my father 's toolshed on fire by accident when i was thirteen . 
 i turned from him to my brother . 
 `` how in the hell did he get here so fast ? '' 
 tyler shouted . 
 `` and he told jessica his real name ! 
 he knew she would find out who he was , and he still gave it to her . 
 what 's his f ** king angle ? '' 
 `` who is this guy ? '' 
 i yelled , making sure i was heard this time . 
 `` why are you all freaking out ? 
 somebody better fill me in before i lose it . '' 
 then i immediately felt foolish for not researching my own client myself . 
 at the very least , i 'd been off my game yesterday , but if i let the truth be known , i had n't really planned on researching his legitimacy until after i 'd accepted the job . 
 dammit . 
 these rookie mistakes were going to cost me . 
 there was no way my father was going to have any faith in me now , and by the looks of it , he was gearing up to tell me just that . 
 i 'd just showed myself as an incompetent and foolish private investigator . 
 i was the only female werewolf on the goddamn planet , and i had n't thought for two seconds about changing the way i did my business moving forward . 
 i should 've been on high alert , not dillydallying around eating cheeseburgers . 
 this guy must be incredibly talented if he could cause a roomful of lethal werewolves to go crazy . 
 well , shit . 
 nothing about this looked good . 
 my father answered me first , scowling . 
 `` colin rourke is the most notorious supernatural mercenary in the entire country , possibly even on the planet . 
 he only gets hired when people want the job done , meaning they want it finished , tied up tight with no loose ends . 
 the fact that he 's already here escalates this issue to a new level . 
 your secret , it seems , has not been much of a secret at all . 
 other sects , not just wolves , must have been waiting on your change , with plans put in place . 
 it 's the only possible way he could be in my territory so quickly . '' 
 `` what is he ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if we 're this up in arms , he has to be something big , right ? '' 
 `` he 's a werecat of some kind , '' my father said . 
 `` but his exact species is unknown . 
 no one has seen him in his true form and ever lived to talk about it . 
 it 's speculated he 's the last of his kind , which is why we 're unfamiliar with his scent . 
 the cat population has decreased to the point of extinction over the last few hundred years , and he is much , much older than that . 
 he 's ruthless and extremely dangerous . 
 his common aliases are david west , dean raith , and connor dade . 
 and those are only a few . '' 
 my father eyed me . 
 `` he rarely uses his given name , and most do n't even know it . '' 
 `` how do you know it , then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my father looked past me . 
 `` i hired him to fight with us a long time ago . '' 
 `` he came to battle with you ? '' 
 `` he did . 
 he killed everything in his path without shifting . 
 he fulfilled his duty to me . 
 i paid him . 
 he left . 
 we forged no further bond . '' 
 i mulled this over in my brain . 
 he must 've been skilled with a sword or some weapon to go to war and not shift . 
 james and my father were that strong , depending on who they were up against , but not relying on your true form to aid you in battle was almost unheard of these days . 
 my father added , `` and you wo n't be going anywhere near him this evening . 
 or any other evening after for that matter . '' 
 well ... hell . 
 i 'd heard of connor dade . 
 in my profession , you came across notable stories about bounty hunters and mercs all the time . 
 connor dade 's reputation was well known . 
 the last thing you always heard after a recounting of one of his exploits was `` whatever you do , do n't f ** k with connor dade . '' 
 i was less familiar with his other aliases , but the one i knew was more than enough . 
 `` let 's look at this logically for a moment , shall we ? '' 
 i said , fighting to be heard . 
 `` if colin rourke used his real name , and he knows who i really am already , he 'd most likely count on me finding out who he was . '' 
 if i was a smarter person to begin with . 
 `` he ca n't be out to kill me if he told me his real name . 
 right ? 
 he dealt us a hand , and now he wants to play . '' 
 sneaky sucker . 
 the noise level quieted as the wolves chewed on that . 
 `` listen , he deliberately told me who he was , '' i pointed out again , not wanting to lose my audience . 
 `` he could 've used any name on the planet , especially if he was trying to lure me away . 
 screw that , he could 've jumped me himself instead of the rogue . 
 and if what you 're telling me is true , he would 've been successful , and all this would be a moot point right now because i 'd be dead . '' 
 my father grumbled but stayed silent . 
 tyler stopped pacing . 
 `` this is reading like a go-to , not a jump , '' i insisted . 
 `` maybe he has something to share , or knows who 's after me . 
 who knows ? 
 but telling me who he was when he 's had known contact with my father does n't make any sense . 
 and how did he know i would n't recognize his name from the start ? 
 that you had n't shared it with me a long time ago ? '' 
 i looked over at my father and raised an eyebrow . 
 `` which may have been a good idea in retrospect , with me being a p.i. and all . '' 
 tyler reluctantly said , `` jessica has a point . 
 there has to be some kind of angle here . 
 someone like rourke does n't just pop in and announce himself to the world like that . 
 he 's a threat to our pack , and just being in our territory without permission is enough for us to go after him . '' 
 sly bastard . 
 he knew i 'd meet with him , even when i found out who he was . 
 he was banking on it . 
 `` he 's not stupid , '' elliot murphy added . 
 `` he 'd know without a doubt the pack would recognize his name . '' 
 his pale , freckled skin now seemed a few shades lighter . 
 `` it also seems he knows who jessica is already . 
 it 's a ballsy move . 
 i have to agree , he must have something to share , because calling to announce he 's here is not his standard m.o. . 
 he 's a brutal bastard . 
 if he was hired for a kill , he would not give fair warning . '' 
 he finished with a little lingering awe in his tone . 
 `` he honored our contract during the war , '' james stated . 
 `` he showed up and fought hard for our side . 
 he did not strike me as a man who would kill a female without provocation and i do n't have that impression now . 
 he does n't take jobs because he has to ; he takes them because he wants them . 
 killing jessica does n't feel like something he would sign up for . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 cliff delano asked . 
 james shrugged . 
 `` because that 's not what i would do . '' 
 `` the bloke does n't have to kill her , '' danny interjected . 
 `` he could be hired to kidnap her . 
 that 's what i 'd do if i wanted her . 
 pardon me , jessica , but who better for a heist than a psycho killer with a penchant for playing mind games ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's exactly why he called her and announced to the world he was here , '' tyler scoffed . 
 `` if he was going to grab her , he would n't go through the trouble of setting up a meet first . 
 hell , he most certainly would n't have given her his real name . 
 my bet is he 's hired to do a job , but does n't want to stir up trouble in pack . 
 he 's playing both sides . 
 smart bastard . 
 if he arranges a meet , he can cover his ass if we catch on , claiming he was just here to chat . 
 if we do n't catch on , he 's scot-free , back out of town before we even knew he was here . '' 
 most of the wolves agreed . 
 grady appeared deep in thought again , his brows drawn in a frown , eyes aimed at nothing in particular . 
 hank , of all people , stared blankly into his coffee cup . 
 i could n't decide if he looked guilty or just defeated , but i was happy he kept his mouth shut . 
 my father listened to the back-and-forth , a vein throbbing in his temple . 
 when he spoke again , the room quieted . 
 `` if colin rourke has legitimate business with my daughter , the protocol would 've been to call me first . 
 this is my territory and he knows that . 
 he 's playing with us . 
 if he had important news to share , aboveboard , he would 've shared it with me first . '' 
 `` but maybe coming to you would 've shown his hand , '' i argued . 
 `` maybe he had to contact me first because others are watching ? '' 
 that made sense to me . 
 if rourke was playing both sides , contacting the alpha when you 're hired to kidnap his daughter would be the wrong move . 
 the protocol for entry into this city was not dialing up the alpha of the u.s. northern territories on your cell phone to chitty-chat , the protocol was to take your ass up the compound and beg for permission to be seen and subsequently allowed to stay . 
 my father growled . 
 `` i still do n't like it . '' 
 `` i know it does n't make much sense , '' nick said , coming to my defense once again . 
 `` but i think i have to agree with jessica . 
 if rourke is as lethal as you say , then calling jessica and announcing his presence would negate a serious threat . 
 at least right now . 
 i think we should go ahead with the meeting as planned . 
 it sounds like there 's too much at stake to pass it up . '' 
 tyler added , `` we could put every available wolf on the outside once jessica was on the inside . 
 he wo n't kill her in a public place . 
 not his style . 
 if he tried to grab her , we 'd be waiting . '' 
 `` tracking me wo n't be a problem , '' i said , solidifying my part . 
 `` not that i think he 's going to snatch me . '' 
 i glanced at my father to see if he was warming to the idea . 
 his stony expression said otherwise . 
 `` nick and i use small button vibrators to communicate when we work together . '' 
 the vibrators were actually called `` panic buttons , '' but who could take you seriously when you called it that ? 
 `` if i sense any trouble , i 'll push it to ring the alarm . 
 if we head in prepared , there 's very little chance he can follow through with an evil plot to snatch me . '' 
 i sighed . 
 how many more targets were going to be on my back ? 
 too f ** king many . 
 my father 's features did n't flicker with any emotion . 
 he remained stony and unmoving in his seat . 
 i knew if i did n't win this , i was on my way back to the compound to be kept underground until the traitor was found and this mess with rourke was resolved . 
 meeting with colin rourke and keeping our suspicions about a traitor quiet was the best chance i had to solve this quickly , without being kept under lock and key . 
 no one was really speaking , so i continued , `` listen , we do n't really have much of a choice here . 
 if rourke is as good as you all say , he 's going to hunt me down eventually . 
 even if you try your best to squirrel me away . 
 i do n't think compound boundaries are going to keep him out . 
 going into this meet with him , and being as prepared as we can be , is our best shot at trying to gain the upper hand in this situation-and while we 're at it , figuring out why in the hell he 's here and who in the hell sent him . 
 it ca n't be a coincidence that he wants to meet with molly hannon to discuss a real case so soon after my change . 
 he knows , and whoever hired him knows too . 
 i do n't know about the rest of you , but i want to know who that is . '' 
 `` sir , i think your daughter 's correct on this one . 
 this is too dangerous to ignore , '' devon added meekly . 
 `` if what 's listed on file is the truth , ignoring colin rourke 's request for a face-to-face meeting could be very bad indeed . 
 it seems this might be his way of waving a flag of truce for the time being . 
 it 's in her best interest to go and meet with him-with protection , of course . 
 otherwise he comes to us . '' 
 i held my breath . 
 my father looked around the room at his wolves . 
 `` then we go . '' 
 16 rourke and i had arranged to meet for drinks at a trendy local bar . 
 after the council meeting finally adjourned , i , tyler , danny , and nick went over plans for the meet . 
 tyler was in charge of corralling the wolf backup around the bar . 
 he 'd picked a handful of wolves he trusted and left to figure out the logistics . 
 danny was assigned to be my personal bodyguard for the rest of the day , nick had left to scout the inside of the bar , and my father and james had left for the safe house to deal with the rogue and any leftover fallout from my coming-out announcement today . 
 the wolves were not happy , but so far they were cooperating . 
 my father was n't taking any chances of a budding unrest due to the news , so he dispatched all out-of-town wolves back home . 
 the wolves outside the council had no idea i was a lycan yet , but everyone now knew i was a full-blooded werewolf . 
 that was enough until we dealt with the traitor and colin rourke . 
 the final agreed upon course was to keep a steady `` business as usual '' attitude and hope the traitor did n't run . 
 it was five o'clock now . 
 danny and i headed to my apartment so i could change and get ready . 
 when we arrived , i was surprised to see i had a new , fully operating front door . 
 `` that 's strange , '' i said , checking my cell phone . 
 there were no missed calls . 
 `` what 's strange ? '' 
 danny asked , coming up behind me . 
 `` my door was completely broken this morning , from when james ripped it off its hinges last night , but i forgot to let anyone know . '' 
 i 'd totally spaced on calling jeff arnold , the building super . 
 my brain had been a little preoccupied . 
 it was hard to believe jeff had come to investigate on his own . 
 it just did n't seem likely with his slack personality , but maybe juanita had called him after all . 
 she might have been tired of watching my place for me . 
 `` that 's part of living in a building , right ? 
 they come and fix things for you . '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 i walked over and knocked on juanita 's door to see if she 'd seen anything or talked to jeff . 
 i rapped on it , but there was no answer . 
 i put my ear to the door just to be sure . 
 i shrugged , turning to danny . 
 `` well , she did n't have to stick around all day to keep watch over nothing if the door got fixed . 
 she must have been the one to call jeff . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 danny asked . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i was actually relieved she was n't here . 
 i 'd felt bad all day thinking she might get into trouble at my request . 
 `` look here , '' danny said as he bent down and grabbed on to the edge of an envelope lying halfway under my door . 
 he handed it to me and i ripped it open . 
 it was a new set of house keys . 
 by the time i 'd showered , changed , and eaten , it was only six . 
 the meeting was n't until eight . 
 i walked into the living room , where danny sat propped against the wall reading a newspaper he 'd brought with him . 
 he whistled a catcall as he stood , folding the paper neatly under his arm . 
 `` hold on a minute . 
 we 're only trying to dismay this sot so he gives us information , not render him useless with desire . '' 
 danny grinned . 
 `` give me a break . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'm not trying to render anyone useless . 
 if he 's as tough as everyone says , i hardly think he 'll be swayed to the point of silly by a black pantsuit . '' 
 i 'd actually chosen my outfit with care , knowing i 'd be able to hide the weapons i might need with relative ease . 
 the pantsuit was a tailored number . 
 the bodice was tight across the middle , but cut loose enough in the sleeves to hide the two bo-kri throwing knives i had strapped to each arm . 
 the accompanying pants were snug at the waistline , but the flared legs concealed a small holster for my glock , and a particularly evil-looking dirk . 
 this time i was arming myself with as much as i could . 
 i was n't going up against a known killer without adequate protection . 
 i pinned my hair up in a chignon instead of a ponytail , the outfit carried an air of do n't - mess-with-me professionalism . 
 `` then you do n't know men , '' danny answered . 
 `` if you wore that pantsuit any better , i 'd have to have you bloody arrested myself . '' 
 he came closer , leaning his head toward me . 
 `` is that a wee bit of white lace i see peeking out of your very ample cle ** age ? '' 
 `` it 's called a camisole . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` and for your information , it 's completely necessary with this outfit . '' 
 `` i 'm certain it is , luv . '' 
 danny chuckled . 
 `` pairing that suit with anything less would be a complete travesty . '' 
 `` it only has a dusting of lace , '' i said as i walked over to my purse . 
 `` now get your pretty mind out of the gutter , danny walker , and let 's get out of here . 
 i want to do some reconnaissance at the bar to get a better feel for the area before the meet . '' 
 `` whatever you say . 
 i 'd follow that outfit anywhere . '' 
 the bar was a relatively new hot spot , fairly close to my apartment building . 
 every tuesday night , it seemed , they hosted an extended happy hour , so it was already hopping by the time we arrived . 
 minnesotans were notoriously after-work-happy-hour kind of people . 
 for the most part , we liked to be home and tucked in by ten , and there was nothing like cheap drinks to lure out the masses . 
 tyler met us across the street , handing me a button vibrator immediately . 
 `` we have every entry point covered within a two-block radius , and nick is parked behind the bar . 
 he 's got the other piece . '' 
 he nodded at the button . 
 `` but remember , now we have this '' - he tapped his temple - `` so you can let me know what 's happening immediately . 
 i 'll be in close range , so it should n't be a problem . 
 whatever you do , jess , do n't leave the bar with him . 
 understand ? 
 he 's dangerous as hell , and completely unpredictable . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 i slid the panic button into my suit jacket pocket . 
 `` i 'm not interested in finding any more trouble , tyler . 
 no need to worry about me , i 'm all over the plan . 
 have you decided to stake the inside ? '' 
 it 'd been discussed but not determined . 
 `` nope , i decided it was too risky . 
 if rourke gets one whiff of wolf on the inside he may decide to cut and run , '' tyler said . 
 `` the plan is to track him when he leaves . 
 but he 's a quick bastard , so i 'm only giving us one-in-three odds of keeping a tail on him at all . 
 you have to pump as much information as you can while you 're with him . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` my sole purpose is to gain information . 
 i want to know where this threat is coming from . 
 i 'm not expecting him to divulge much , but anything we can get will be more than we have right now . '' 
 `` it 's not his style to snatch you here anyway , but keep your head up . 
 you have to stay alert at all times . '' 
 tyler ran a hand along the back of his neck . 
 he was agitated . 
 `` man , i do n't like it . 
 i want to know what this guy is up to . '' 
 `` i do n't like it either . '' 
 danny frowned . 
 `` this man is a known killer . '' 
 `` i know we can handle it , '' i said . 
 `` and remember , if i do n't meet him , he comes to me . 
 i do n't want a highly trained killer sneaking through my broken sliding glass door . 
 my quota this month for nasty break-ins is passed its full mark . '' 
 `` i still do n't like it , '' tyler grumbled . 
 `` something feels off . '' 
 `` have either of you ever seen rourke in person ? '' 
 i asked curiously . 
 `` nope , he was around before my time , '' tyler said . 
 `` no , '' danny added . 
 `` but i 've heard my fill about the wanker . '' 
 `` do you actually believe all the rumors ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` some of the stories about connor dade are so outlandish . 
 tying people up by their entrails ? 
 severed body parts spelling out words ? 
 some of that has to be fiction . 
 it 's just too creepy to be true . '' 
 it was common for mercs to inflate their profiles-plant stories to make them seem worse than they were . 
 fear went a long way in keeping yourself on top , and it sounded like rourke had plenty of years behind him to do just that . 
 if nobody ever saw him , it would be easy to fabricate stories of grandeur . 
 tyler grunted . 
 `` i do n't need to believe any of the stories . 
 i 've seen pictures . '' 
 `` what pictures ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` of some of his kills . '' 
 `` where did you get a hold of pictures ? '' 
 i made a face . 
 `` how do you know they were his ? '' 
 `` does n't matter . 
 the man 's a brutal-ass bastard . '' 
 tyler folded his arms . 
 `` hmm , '' i said . 
 `` sounds a little unsubstantiated to me . 
 i could hand you any photo i wanted and give you a good story . 
 does n't mean it 's true . '' 
 `` i 've seen glimpses of the pictures too , '' danny said , ignoring me . 
 `` in one , the dead bloke was missing all his fingers . 
 every one of them had been cut down to the nubbin , each to a different knuckle . 
 and on the middle stump he left a finger puppet behind . '' 
 `` what kind of finger puppet ? '' 
 i asked out of grotesque curiosity . 
 `` the bloke 's own nose with a smiley face drawn on it . '' 
 jesus . 
 the restaurant was covered in sleek , hard lines , and the walls were coated with dark paint . 
 the lighting was minimal , giving it a calming ambiance , and it was packed to the brim . 
 i pushed my way through people waiting for tables and veered left toward the bar . 
 we had n't specified dining options , but i figured the bar would be the best place to check first . 
 is he there ? 
 tyler asked in my mind . 
 he was on edge . 
 none of the wolves had scented a fresh supe trail anywhere around the building . 
 if he was here , the cat had snuck in without the wolves knowing . 
 and no one was happy about it . 
 gim me a minute . 
 i just got in here . 
 my wolf was on high alert . 
 as i worked my way through the crowd , i scanned the room for possibilities . 
 then i spotted a lone shape at the end of the bar . 
 he was huge , so it was a likely pick . 
 he was clad in a black leather jacket , his forearms splayed casually on the bar , a tall draft beer sitting between them . 
 the well-worn leather he wore was in stark contrast to the yuppie dress clothes around us . 
 i wove my way toward him slowly . 
 i think i have him . 
 be careful . 
 if it 's him , ask him how the f ** k he got there without us knowing , tyler griped . 
 first things first , little brother . 
 his guy 's head was angled down , but as i eased closer , it swiveled without hesitation in my direction . 
 his eyes lit on me . 
 then he smiled . 
 my stride hitched momentarily . 
 holy christ . 
 that ca n't be rourke . 
 i recovered myself by the next step , thankfully . 
 what ? 
 what do you mean ? 
 tyler asked . 
 um . 
 nothing , it 's just ... he 's not what i was expecting a killer to look like . 
 this man oozed power , it was true , but he was beautiful . 
 honey-colored hair brushed his collar in the back , and he had a set of the clearest eyes i 'd ever seen . 
 even from a distance , i could see they were ringed in a sliver of deep green . 
 they were completely breathtaking , and most definitely not on any normal color chart . 
 snort . 
 who cares if he does n't look like a killer , just be sure - tyler , i have to go . 
 i 'll get back to you . 
 i cut him off with a single thought . 
 rourke 's gaze intensified as i came closer . 
 i blinked a few times , but refused to look away . 
 i slid onto the empty barstool next to him and sat down without being asked . 
 he appraised me with open curiosity . 
 more than a hint of humor flashed behind those ridiculously gorgeous eyes . 
 up close his skin was flawless , tanned deeply from the sun . 
 he had a short blanket of blond stubble running over a defined chin . 
 so not what i was expecting . 
 his power vibrated around me , sending little pinpricks of energy into my skin . 
 it came from somewhere deep inside him , i could sense that much . 
 he was old , there was no question . 
 power like that took a long time to accumulate . 
 `` hello , rourke , '' i said , taking in my first full breath of him . 
 i almost choked as my nails shot into the underside of the bar to steady myself . 
 hoooooly shit . 
 my wolf started barking incessantly . 
 quiet , i ca n't think . 
 be quiet ! 
 he smelled like the woods , like i 'd originally guessed , but there was no fresh-cut grass about him . 
 what emanated from him was thick , dark , and rich , like some kind of molasses mixed with cloves . 
 its deliciousness made it hard for me to concentrate . 
 my wolf was still yipping excitedly . 
 you have to calm down . 
 we look completely unprofessional and he 's not going to take me seriously if we keep this up . 
 get a grip . 
 she quieted begrudgingly so i could get down to business . 
 rourke shifted in his seat slightly , turning his body to face mine . 
 he gave me an unabashed once-over without uttering a word . 
 by the amused expression on his face-a lazy grin highlighting two faint dimples-he recognized my distress , indicating that this kind of reaction to him was par for the course . 
 `` pompous ass '' came to mind . 
 he caught me off guard by extending his hand . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to finally meet you , ms. hannon . 
 your reputation for being the best in the business precedes you . '' 
 his voice held the same deep bravado i remembered and a tingle wound its way up my spine . 
 the accent was more discernible in person , but i still could n't place it . 
 possibly south african ? 
 i contemplated shaking his outstretched hand . 
 or not shaking it . 
 i 'd already lost valuable street cred by acting like a babbling teenager , so i grabbed on to his hand and was rewarded with a jolt of power up my arm . 
 dammit . 
 i clenched my teeth and tried to ignore it . 
 i could n't risk any more foolishness . 
 `` if my reputation precedes me , then let 's cut the shit , rourke . 
 there 's no need to keep the act going . 
 i know you know who i am . '' 
 i was going with bad cop . 
 it usually worked in my favor . 
 nick was good cop . 
 `` i 'm just not exactly sure why you 're here and what you 're looking for , which is why i decided to keep our meeting tonight . '' 
 i lowered my voice . 
 `` why exactly are you here , rourke ? '' 
 mild surprise shot through his expression . 
 `` no beating around the bush for you , huh , sweetheart ? '' 
 he took a swig of his drink and placed it in front of him . 
 then he settled his full , clear gaze on me again . 
 holy balls . 
 he had to quit doing that . 
 all the hairs on my arms rose to attention and my wolf had taken to constant whining . 
 before he looked away , i saw an almost imperceptible tiny green spark in the depth of one of his irises . 
 interesting . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` why would i want to beat around the bush ? 
 it 's a waste of time . 
 and you have n't answered my question yet , so i 'll ask it again . 
 why are you here ? '' 
 `` you already know why i 'm here . '' 
 `` do you honestly think i 'd be sitting here if i knew ? '' 
 i cocked my head , making my own show of giving him a once-over . 
 `` i 'm assuming you 're not going to break my neck in front of the after-work crowd at dinnertime , but other than that , your sudden appearance in this city is unclear . 
 no more circles , rourke . 
 i want to know exactly why you 're here . '' 
 i tapped my index finger on top of the bar to emphasize my point . 
 `` right here , right now . 
 with me . '' 
 he waited before answering . 
 then he leaned forward , his huge leather-clad arms brushing my fingertips . 
 `` i 'm here , beautiful , because i was hired by an extremely interested party to retrieve all the information possible , and by whatever means necessary '' - his voice lowered to a soft , gravelly purr - `` about the only female werewolf in town . '' 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 motherfucker . 
 `` are you implying i 'm a werewolf ? '' 
 i gave a caustic laugh . 
 `` i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
 you may have me a bit confused with being the daughter of a werewolf , which i am , as you well know . '' 
 i was n't worried about being overheard . 
 the noise level in the bar was enough to cover the conversation . 
 the fact that rourke knew i was a wolf was more than a bit staggering . 
 `` your employer must have their facts wrong . '' 
 he threw his head back and laughed . 
 i folded my arms across my chest and slapped on a pissy expression . 
 when he was done with his fit of mirth , he motioned for the bartender . 
 `` bring us a round . '' 
 he held up two fingers . 
 he turned back to me , his eyes still crinkled at the corners . 
 `` listen , even if i had n't heard it with my own two ears , on good authority , i 'd still have known you were a wolf from the moment you walked through those doors . 
 your power climbed up my skin like a bad rash , and your scent is so powerful , i 'm surprised these humans around us '' - he jerked his thumb absentmindedly - `` are n't coming up to congratulate you on your recent change . '' 
 harrumph . 
 `` very funny . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 `` now you get to tell me how you got your hands on this very secret and extremely unsubstantiated information in such a short amount of time . '' 
 `` a pro never divulges his sources . '' 
 he winked . 
 `` but you already knew that , did n't you ? '' 
 i leaned forward in my seat . 
 `` you 're kidding me , right ? 
 then why meet me here at all ? 
 why tell me your real name ? 
 if you 're so notorious , why did n't you just take what you wanted by force ? 
 is n't that your usual mode of operation : snatch and grab and ask questions later ? 
 instead , we 're sitting here-at your request-so we can ... what ? 
 chat about the f ** king score of a ball game ? 
 you came to me , remember ? '' 
 i might have glimpsed some grudging respect , but it could 've just as easily been annoyance . 
 a low growl issued from his chest as his features dropped their playfulness . 
 the predator was lurking just below the surface . 
 i would do well to remember it . 
 `` i knew your father long ago . '' 
 i waited for more , but nothing came . 
 `` so i heard . 
 so what ? 
 you 're supposed to be a ruthless badass , why would you respect an ancient connection to my father now ? '' 
 `` because your father is deserving of great respect . '' 
 `` respect enough to kidnap his daughter ? '' 
 `` my job is not to kidnap you . '' 
 `` then why the hell - '' two things happened very quickly . 
 one , rourke pushed back his barstool and jumped to his feet . 
 two , tyler came screaming into my brain . 
 jess , you have to get out ! 
 now ! 
 this is a setup of some kind . 
 goddamn-he was breaking up-southern ... all fighting ... get the f ** k ... out ... tyler ! 
 what 's going on ? 
 i do n't understand ? 
 answer me ! 
 i sprang from my seat , but i had no room to move . 
 i was stuck in the small space between my stool and rourke , who was now emitting a very lethal snarl over the top of my head . 
 no answer from tyler . 
 goddammit , answer me ! 
 i twisted by body around to see what rourke focused on . 
 five werewolves i 'd never seen before were weaving menacingly through the crowded bar . 
 their combined scent of aggression hit me as my wolf howled in rage . 
 adrenaline shot through me lickety-split . 
 i knew what was coming next . 
 wait , wait ! 
 i told her . 
 we ca n't change in here , and we ca n't take all those wolves alone ! 
 i had no time to reason with her . 
 my fingertips pulsed close to the tip , my muscles starting their telltale dance under my skin . 
 just wait a min - something grabbed me from behind and i landed hard . 
 i glanced up and found rourke glaring down at me , his features twisted furiously , his hands gripping my wrists like steel cuffs . 
 his eyes shone like two diamonds , veins of green blazing across his irises like an electric storm . 
 `` i gave you that one '' - he jerked his head behind him , snarling savagely - `` but trying to get a jump on me was the wrong choice , sweetheart . 
 it seems you have n't done your homework on me after all . 
 i do n't play nice . 
 now you 're going to have to say goodbye to all your buddies . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 what one ? '' 
 i stood on my tiptoes and peered around his massive shoulder to see what he was talking about , and surprisingly saw james closing the gap behind us quickly . 
 i had n't even known he was here . 
 `` rourke , we 're not jumping you . 
 i 've - '' rourke 's hot breath cut me off as it landed firmly in my ear . 
 it was n't above a whisper , but i could hear it perfectly . 
 `` this deal is changing . 
 i tried to play fair with you , but now your options are officially up . 
 i do n't give out second chances . '' 
 my anger , fueled by a hardy dose of my wolf , surged inside me . 
 `` get your hands off me , '' i spat . 
 `` deal with this , ass ** le . 
 i have no idea who those wolves are coming at us . 
 and if you knew anything about my father and the way he operates , then you already know putting a jump on you is n't his style . 
 now , if you 're interested in continuing our little chat where we left off , as planned , then stop this posturing bullshit and help me take out this threat . '' 
 before he could respond , i finished bitterly , `` and if that 's not enough of an incentive '' - i pressed my fingernail into his chest - `` i 'm certain your employer would like it if i remained alive so you can continue to extract your much-needed information . '' 
 rourke 's eyes widened . 
 not from my harsh words but most likely from my eyes , which i could feel were sparking violet . 
 it did n't matter . 
 aligning myself so quickly with rourke might be a mistake , but my gut , which was almost entirely made up of a grouchy she-wolf , was telling me the greater threat to us was the wolves who were almost on us . 
 i 'd made my choice , now i had to live with it . 
 instead of responding , rourke whipped his torso around and took james by the throat in the time it took me to blink . 
 `` what the hell is going on , irish ? '' 
 rourke growled . 
 `` trying to take me here was the wrong choice , and you know it . 
 i let you in here out of respect for callum , but it ends right here , right now . '' 
 james knocked rourke 's fist away from his neck like it was nothing more than a mild irritant . 
 `` wrong answer , cat , '' james snarled . 
 `` there 's no jump . 
 jessica 's in danger , but you bloody well knew that already , did n't you ? 
 coming here and announcing yourself was well noted , but now we 'll see if you can be as trusted as you once were all those years ago . 
 i have no other choice left . '' 
 his face held a hint of a grimace . 
 `` i need you to get her the hell out of here , '' he said , his amber eyes blazing , `` and i 'll take care of this lot . '' 
 he gestured at the approaching five wolves . 
 `` as of four minutes ago our pack went to war . 
 we need every wolf to fight , there are none left to protect jessica . 
 whoever sent you here used you to get to us , and they used you well . 
 they knew right where to find us . 
 now get her out of here , and if you harm her in any way i swear i will kill you myself . 
 slowly . '' 
 james did n't wait for an answer . 
 he shot around us , lunging into the five , scattering them like bowling pins . 
 at that , the bar erupted into chaos . 
 the humans had n't noticed the threat before , but they did now . 
 they would all assume it was a bar fight , not a supernatural showdown . 
 i turned and took a step after james , eager to join the battle . 
 i did n't care what he 'd just said , there was no way i was leaving with rourke . 
 this was my fight and i was staying . 
 before i could go more than a foot , my wrist snapped backward and once again i was pressed against rourke 's jacket . 
 the leather was tinged with the scent of oil , along with sweat and delicious cloves . 
 and it pissed me off . 
 i jerked my hands up , breaking his hold on me . 
 with everything i had , i shoved him back . 
 he moved less than two inches , but it was enough . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere with you . 
 this is my fight , dammit ! 
 i caused this , and i will not abandon my pack to wage a war without me . 
 got it ? 
 so do n't even think about getting in my way . '' 
 i dismissed him completely , wrenching myself from his grasp entirely , turning back to the fight . 
 he let me go . 
 as i spun around , i met a powerful , piercingly blue stare . 
 it stopped me in my tracks . 
 the gaze held me across the sea of pandemonium . 
 my father strode through the bar like he was strolling through the woods , like nothing was amiss and a war had n't broken out all around him , humans shrieking and things breaking . 
 his eyes held one word . 
 go . 
 rourke stilled behind me , reading the message clearly too . 
 i opened my mouth to protest , but nothing came out . 
 this order was n't from my alpha . 
 it was from my father . 
 go . 
 his command swirled through me , pushing me , urging me . 
 i realized with a start that sharing my father 's blood during the oath had somehow connected us , bonded us in a new way . 
 his emotions raced through me , and i felt compelled to follow his directives . 
 my wolf cried in my mind . 
 she felt it too . 
 i tried to resist , but i was frozen in place . 
 go . 
 `` sorry , sweetheart , what you want does n't look like it 's in the cards tonight , '' rourke muttered from behind me . 
 i took a step forward , trying my hardest to break the command , pushing as much power into it as i could . 
 i did n't want to leave , dammit , i wanted to fight . 
 before i could get away , rourke lunged , bending and twisting , snatching me up by my waist and tossing me effortlessly over his shoulder . 
 his arm clamped around my middle like a vise . 
 then he turned , ignoring my howls of rage , and raced out of the bar . 
 17 in the back alley behind the bar , rourke set me down roughly but kept a tight grip on my forearm . 
 then he started ushering us forward at a quick clip , his nose scenting the air as we moved , his posture guarded . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me ! '' 
 i tried to wrench my arm from his grasp , with no luck . 
 his hands were like stone . 
 `` you ca n't just pick me up like a f ** king caveman and make my choices for me . 
 how dare you ! '' 
 rourke stopped , spinning around . 
 `` keep your voice down , '' he snarled , `` and listen up . '' 
 his irises blazed an ethereal green . 
 `` in case you have n't noticed , none of this was my idea . 
 but here are the facts . 
 you 're a one-of-a-kind werewolf . 
 the only one of its kind . 
 that means you 're now in a position of extreme interest to all parties involved . 
 and i mean all parties . 
 there 's not one sect on this planet who wo n't be interested in getting a piece of you now . 
 do you hear me ? 
 all of them-wolves , shifters , vamps , witches , everyone . 
 if you die now , whatever you are dies with you . 
 understood ? '' 
 he shook me a little to emphasize his point . 
 `` now stop whining like a pansy-assed little girl , because we need to get clear of this area right now . '' 
 my anger bubbled over and i had to tamp the rage back in order to speak . 
 i had no intention of backing down . 
 my pack was fighting . 
 i was n't going to leave them behind just because this guy told me to . 
 `` what do you mean , what i am ? 
 just because i have br ** sts does n't mean that 's not my pack in there . 
 those wolves happen to be in the middle of fighting a war because of me . 
 now let go of me ! 
 i 'm going back to join them . '' 
 my words sunk in . 
 i was the catalyst for this war . 
 `` wrong answer . '' 
 rourke started down the alley , yanking me behind him . 
 it was full dark . 
 i tried to anchor my feet into the ground as he toted me down the alleyway like a three-year-old . 
 i could n't get away unless i shifted , and even a partial shift now would be extremely risky out in the open . 
 not to mention i had no real idea how i 'd done it before . 
 i could use a little outrage here , i told my wolf . 
 rourke continued to haul us along , and i could feel her on the edge of anger , but not nearly as pissed off as i was . 
 i thought we were n't supposed to leave the bar with the scary predator . 
 he 's a no-no . 
 and he 's tugging us along like a petulant toddler . 
 he 's kidnapping us ! 
 get mad . 
 her ears perked and my muscles tensed for a quick second . 
 i got excited . 
 but she was n't focused on me at all , her eyes were directed ahead of us , scanning for the next threat . 
 some help you are . 
 as rourke continued to drag me farther down the alley , i tried to reason with him . 
 `` let 's start this again , rourke . 
 i think we 've made a mistake here . 
 i need to get back to my pack - '' he turned on me in a flash , snarling , his face inches from mine . 
 i flinched , my back pressed against the brick wall of a building . 
 `` i already told you i 'm not playing around here . 
 if your pack is at war , who do you think they 're fighting against right now ? '' 
 i had n't been expecting a question . 
 `` um ... i 'm not exactly sure , but most likely the southern territories ... '' i finished lamely . 
 `` right on the nose , sweetheart . 
 so at this very moment your city is flooded with more werewolves than you can fight on your own , and more than i can fight while i babysit you . 
 so our only real option is to get the hell out of here , and we 're wasting precious time talking about it . '' 
 his breath was laced with cinnamon . 
 i bristled . 
 `` babysitting me was your choice , not mine , and it 's not a mandatory position , by any means . 
 you can let me go anytime you 'd like . 
 then you 'd be free to go back to whatever place it is you came from and we can forget this whole thing ever happened . '' 
 his eyes glittered with emotion . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` rourke , '' i breathed . 
 `` just let me go . '' 
 he studied me for a long moment , his face so close to mine i started to squirm . 
 he opened his mouth to say something , and then , just like that , we were back down the alley again , him pulling me along like a child . 
 he led us across a few streets , ducking and dodging through parked cars as we went , finally slipping between another pair of buildings . 
 there were no streetlights here . 
 it appeared to be a delivery space with a narrow path leading out to the other side . 
 there was n't more than a sidewalk space between the two structures . 
 rourke was too big for us to walk side by side , but he had no problem tugging me behind him . 
 `` rourke , where are we going ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` to my bike . '' 
 i knew he was n't talking about his bicycle . 
 he meticulously scanned every building around us as we went , scenting the air continually . 
 i was scenting too . 
 every once in a while i caught a whiff of werewolf in the air , but it was never too close . 
 they should be swarming us . 
 `` rourke , why are n't they out here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we should be covered in angry southern wolves . 
 they should 've been all over the building when we came out . '' 
 rourke glanced over his shoulder at me , his eyes completely green . 
 they glowed like two emerald pools in the dark . 
 `` either your wolves were keeping them occupied , or something else is going on here . '' 
 he sniffed the air and his brows creased . 
 `` i do n't like it either . 
 it 's too easy . 
 something is off . 
 it does n't feel like a full war , they 're looking for something . '' 
 i tested his grip on my arm again , and earned a low growl in response . 
 `` keep it up and i 'll put you back over my shoulder . '' 
 we emerged from between the last two buildings onto a frontage road and slid quietly along the deserted storefronts , making our way down the street . 
 this place was familiar . 
 it was the last block before the neighborhood dead-ended into the train tracks across the street , which were down in the culvert , and it was exactly how you 'd expect it to look . 
 a long line of old , run-down buildings , most of them vacant , and had been for years . 
 on the other side of the tracks the highway overpasses looped off into the distance . 
 no more neighborhood . 
 down the street in front of us , i spotted a lone motorcycle parked on the sidewalk pushed tightly into an alcove against a shuttered storefront . 
 `` how 'd you get from here to the bar without being seen tonight ? '' 
 i asked curiously . 
 `` i 've been here since yesterday . 
 slept on the roof of the bar and came down through the fire escape . '' 
 `` that 's one way to do it . '' 
 tricky cat . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it was n't hard . 
 once i gave you my name , i knew your pack would stake out all the strategic locations , but this is n't one of them . '' 
 he pointed . 
 `` up ahead is a dead end , nowhere to go but back the way we came . '' 
 `` if we 're trapped , how are we getting out ? '' 
 he nodded toward the giant culvert . 
 a rusty chain-link fence separated the tracks from the neighborhood , not doing much to keep people out . 
 grass and dirt ran until about halfway down and then the ground changed to old , broken concrete . 
 `` the old tracks ? 
 and how exactly are we getting down there ? '' 
 there were n't any real crossing points for about a mile and a half in either direction . 
 `` we drive , sweetheart . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 shouts broke out behind us . 
 rourke tightened his grip on my arm and started jogging us forward faster . 
 we were almost to a vintage harley-davidson when i wrenched my head behind me right as a runner flew around the corner , shouting a curse over his shoulder . 
 ohmygod . 
 `` tyler ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 he slid to a stop , his eyes blazing full gold . 
 his shirt was ripped and stained dark . 
 `` is that blood all over you ? 
 are you hurt ? '' 
 i yelled , struggling to get loose , but rourke held me fast . 
 `` tyler , answer me ! '' 
 then i turned back . 
 `` rourke , let me go ! '' 
 tyler started racing toward us . 
 `` let her the f ** k go , cat ! '' 
 rourke tensed for a fight , his muscles tightening under his jacket , but he did n't yield his grip on me . 
 before tyler could get to us , a u-haul truck swerved around the corner behind him . 
 his attackers , it seemed , had hitched a ride . 
 the truck slammed on its brakes with a tire-squealing screech , sliding the whole van sideways , cutting off the road completely . 
 dead end in front of us , u-haul full of southern wolves in back . 
 `` it 's a goddamn trap ! '' 
 rourke roared . 
 `` get on the back of the bike . '' 
 he yanked me against my will the last few paces to his bike and tossed me at it while he jumped on from the other side , flipping the kickstand up and starting it with a roar . 
 `` get on the bike . 
 now ! '' 
 he yelled over the noise of the engine . 
 i did n't move and tyler closed the gap between us in two strides , grabbing on to my arms . 
 `` what the hell 's going on ? 
 why did you leave with him ? '' 
 i could see him processing what rourke had just said . 
 `` james decided to trust him , '' i told him quickly . 
 `` and dad backed him up . 
 rourke took me out of the bar fight and brought me here . '' 
 i left out against my will , because tyler could see the scenario as it stood . 
 my father was likely still occupied with his own battle or the wolves would be updated on my whereabouts , or at least who i was with , by now . 
 `` jess , you have to get out of here , '' tyler pleaded . 
 `` we 're in the middle of a war-and you 're their prize . 
 you have to go right now , even if your only option is to go with the ... goddamn cat . '' 
 his face held revulsion , but i knew if his alpha had already sanctioned it , he would go along with the program . 
 dammit . 
 `` tyler , i do n't want to go , i want to stay and fight . 
 my place is here fighting alongside my pack , not being protected like some breakable object . '' 
 the u-haul doors sprang open and a half dozen unfamiliar wolves in human form touched the ground running . 
 no time to think about formulating a plan , they would be on us in two seconds . 
 tyler whipped me behind him , pushing me inadvertently toward rourke as he went , yelling , `` go ! 
 just get out of here while you still can . '' 
 `` no , i want to fight . 
 let me help you , '' i cried . 
 `` i can fight ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 no . 
 he flipped to my mind . 
 jessica , please , you ca n't do this . 
 i ca n't protect you and fight at the same time . 
 you 're not trained for combat yet . 
 you 're putting us both in danger by staying here . 
 `` i ca n't leave you . 
 i 'm not going to leave you here alone . '' 
 i 'm not going to f ** king leave , do you hear me ? 
 tyler ignored me as his gaze shot to rourke . 
 `` get her out of here , cat . 
 there 's no one left but you . 
 but if you lay one hand on her , i swear i will rip you apart with my bare hands . 
 do you hear me ? 
 i vow it on my life . '' 
 tyler looked back at me . 
 `` that 's an order , jess . 
 now go ! '' 
 the motorcycle revved in response , tires screeching behind me . 
 but before rourke could make a move , i tore out of tyler 's grasp , pulling both throwing knives from my sleeves at the same moment . 
 my body bent forward , and without any hesitation i launched them straight into the two wolves in the lead barreling down on us . 
 one landed with a thunk in the fleshy part of the trachea , hitting home , and the wolf went down with satisfaction . 
 the other missed its mark entirely , embedding itself without harm in his shoulder . 
 it did n't do anything close to dropping him ; it only pissed him off more . 
 he stopped and yanked it out , snarling at me as he did it . 
 it 's on now . 
 my wolf howled . 
 tyler sprang forward with no other choice to tackle the next two . 
 i crouched in a fighting stance , muscles rippling under my skin-finally-pulling , shifting , readying me for the fight . 
 the angry wolf i 'd hit in the shoulder was almost to me , and when his filthy hands reached for my throat , he was going down . 
 my eyes were trained on him like lasers . 
 he thought i was weak . 
 he thought wrong . 
 but before he could reach me my body flew backward . 
 my attacker bellowed his rage . 
 what the hell ? 
 the road was moving beneath me , rourke 's arm locked firmly around my middle , my ass barely on the edge of the seat . 
 `` get on the goddamn bike ! '' 
 rourke yelled . 
 i did n't have time to protest . 
 in the next moment we hit the curb , the bike flying upward toward the sky . 
 on the way down , i shot my leg over the seat and grabbed on to rourke 's jacket with everything i had . 
 we cleared the embankment at the top , crashing through the rusty fence like it was n't even there . 
 the bike plunged nose first down the grassy slope leading to the tracks at top speed , each bump on the ground like a giant mountain crashing up to greet us . 
 rourke maneuvered the bike from side to side like a slalom course , pulling us parallel at the last minute before we hit the concrete at the bottom . 
 coming onto the ground at the right angle lessened the blow , but it left us reeling nonetheless . 
 the shocks groaned and crunched , but they held , keeping us upright for the most part . 
 as we bounded onto the concrete of the culvert floor , i pried my eyes open and screamed , `` sonofabitch , rourke . 
 if i wanted to die , i could 've just stayed and fought ! '' 
 he wrenched the bike hard to the right , all his muscles contracting at once underneath his jacket . 
 power emanated from him as his boot came off the pedal , stabilizing us , sending sparks up from his skid pads . 
 when we were finally fully upright he called over his shoulder , `` we 're not dead yet , sweetheart . '' 
 `` smartass , '' i yelled back . 
 over my shoulder , two wolves , still in human form , were scrambling onto the tracks . 
 a third made his way down the embankment behind them . 
 relief flooded through me , because if they were after me , that meant they 'd abandoned tyler . 
 `` rourke , they 're coming after us . 
 i hope you have a plan . '' 
 i reached out to my brother . 
 ty , are you okay ? 
 can you hear me ? 
 there was a familiar brush . 
 jess ... fighting ... ca n't hear you . 
 be safe ... the connection died . 
 we must not be able to hold a conversation and fight at the same time . 
 it made sense , because fighting used a lot of brain-power . 
 my father had n't reached out to me either , which meant he must be equally engaged . 
 maybe that was the reason i 'd been able to cut them off when i was fighting . 
 i could n't manage both at the same time . 
 the wolves behind us dropped to the ground to shift . 
 once they were finished they 'd be crazy fast . 
 and they 'd have our fresh scent . 
 `` they 're changing on the tracks , '' i yelled to rourke . 
 `` this place is going to be full of wolves in about three minutes . '' 
 `` then it 's a good thing we 're getting off here , '' rourke shouted back as he turned the handlebars hard , tearing up a small grassy hill . 
 the sides of the culvert had tapered off along the way , making it possible to escape . 
 the bike bounded over the top , crashing through another fence , and then we were back on the road , the tires squealing as rourke twisted us in front of a highway underpass . 
 one more quick turn and we were wheeling up a ramp . 
 three wolves in their true form , two in the front and one trailing , ran behind us full tilt , but they 'd have to abandon the chase at the highway . 
 wolves on the road would n't work . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 they had our scents . 
 their buddies in the u-haul would pick them up in a few minutes . 
 unless rourke had an unbelievable plan , we would be running from them indefinitely . 
 a weirdly pungent female and a one-of-a-kind cat on the back of an open motorcycle meant we were going to be easy to track . 
 i relaxed my death grip on rourke as we flattened out on the freeway . 
 i likely would n't die if i was tossed from the bike . 
 i was used to being human and it was going to take me some time to stop reacting like one . 
 rourke had no such issues , clearly . 
 my hand dipped into my suit jacket pocket as rourke weaved expertly in and out of traffic . 
 the smooth panic button brushed against my fingertips . 
 i rubbed it a few times for luck . 
 then i depressed it . 
 it was n't going to help me now , but it felt good to hold it in my hand . 
 `` nick , i 'm going to need a pickup soon , '' i said into the open air as it blasted by my helmetless face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rourke called over his shoulder . 
 `` nothing , '' i muttered . 
 `` just praying you have a decent plan . '' 
 18 `` this is your brilliant plan ? '' 
 i stood knee-high in the middle of a swift current , my lovely pantsuit swirling around my legs . 
 `` you know , man-eating werewolves are n't afraid to go swimming . 
 if our trail leads to a river , they wo n't hesitate to get in . '' 
 `` do n't worry , they are n't following where we 're going , '' rourke said from behind me . 
 `` at least for right now . '' 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 i glanced over my shoulder in time to see him step into the stream . 
 i forgot my question for a second because he was bare-chested , his shirt and boots wrapped in his leather jacket , which was tucked safely under his bulging and ridiculously muscular arm . 
 he had to be bigger than any wolf by a few good inches and a lot of mass . 
 the man was a beast . 
 all my things were wrapped in my blazer jacket too , only i was n't naked from the waist up . 
 thank the good heavens above i 'd worn the damn camisole . 
 the fact that it was white had n't escaped me , and if danny could see me now he 'd be laughing his ass off . 
 i 'd drawn the line at dropping my pants , and rourke had kept his on without question . 
 it would 've been a lie to say i had n't been a tiny bit interested in seeing what he had underneath his jeans-or more accurately , my wolf had been extremely interested in what was there , but i was ignoring her . 
 we had far more important things to worry about . 
 somewhere along the line , after trying to fight it repeatedly , i 'd realized my father 's command for me to go had been a strong one-too strong . 
 i was n't going to shed it easily . 
 it wrapped around me even now , compelling me to stay with protection and not turn back . 
 the blood i 'd taken from him during the oath had bonded us in a strange way . 
 i had no idea if it had done the same for him-if he could feel my emotions or not . 
 i could n't read all the notes and emotions clearly just yet , but i knew without a doubt that if he had died , the new things i felt inside me would stop . 
 i prayed everyone was okay and safe . 
 i hated not being there . 
 my wolf gave me an irritated snap , directing me back to her thoughts . 
 i 'm sorry , but you 're not getting your way . 
 we 're not lifting tail for every good-looking guy we come across . 
 plus , this one happens to be a highly trained mercenary . 
 remember ? 
 we are here against our will . 
 do n't forget it . 
 it was safe to say my wolf and i were still coming down from a major adrenaline rush , and knowing how the last one had ended , i was being extremely careful to keep my lusty thoughts in check . 
 instead i 'd plied myself with a bucket of beef jerky i 'd bought at our last stop . 
 too bad i did n't have any left . 
 it was n't a comparable substitute for sex , but i 'd had to work with what was available . 
 i watched the water tease the legs of rourke 's well-worn jeans as he waded deeper into the stream . 
 i tore my gaze from his completely defined stomach as he hoisted his clothes higher in the air . 
 as his arms went above his head , i noticed two tattoos flowing along the inside of each forearm . 
 they were geometric , and beautifully drawn in a deep black ink . 
 my wolf licked her lips . 
 i did love tattoos . 
 damn . 
 he stalked , he did n't walk . 
 and honestly , if i had n't been raised around supernaturals , and had n't just become one myself , his presence would 've been almost too intense . 
 `` up ahead about ten miles '' - rourke gestured - `` is a sulfur stream , and about a mile beyond is a small cabin . 
 the only way to get there is to climb straight up . 
 it 'll take the wolves some time to pick up our scent again after the stream , but by the time they arrive , we 'll be long gone . '' 
 we were currently somewhere in the foothills of the ozarks , according to rourke . 
 nothing looked familiar . 
 day had broken around us and the morning light seeped between the trees . 
 my guess was it was around seven-thirty or eight in the morning . 
 rourke had taken a series of back roads , trying to throw any pursuers off our scent , but we both knew it was only a matter of time before the big bad wolves caught up to us . 
 `` did you just say ten actual miles ? '' 
 rourke chuckled . 
 `` yes , and the last one is straight uphill . '' 
 he sloshed over to me . 
 `` here , hand me your jacket . '' 
 i unrolled my shoes , gun , and dirk , and handed the jacket to him without question . 
 he took it and passed me , continuing up the bank on the other side . 
 `` and do n't worry , i have a feeling you can handle the climb just fine . 
 i 'll be right back . 
 i 'm going to lay a scent trail on the other side to buy us more time . '' 
 i watched his powerful body run up the short grassy hill , my jacket dangling from his right hand as he disappeared into the dense forest along the edge of the embankment . 
 the cold water lapped at my ruined clothing as i stood in the stream for another few minutes waiting for him to return . 
 at this point , what else was i going to do ? 
 his bike was stashed a few miles behind us in a shallow cave , and for the last half hour we 'd trudged through thick forest to this riverbank . 
 there was no going back now . 
 it was way too late for that . 
 i shifted in the water , wading a little closer to the shoreline . 
 i glanced up and down the river . 
 there was dense tree growth running along both sides as far as i could see . 
 some large rocks dotted the creek bed , but otherwise the river looked fairly tranquil , running no more than a few feet deep . 
 `` miss me ? '' 
 rourke rejoined me by leaping from the embankment to the edge of the stream . 
 he strode forward , splashing though the water with little care , extending my jacket out to me . 
 i took it from him and rewrapped my things . 
 `` in your dreams , '' i said . 
 `` where to now ? '' 
 `` we head upstream until we hit sulfur , and then take a hard right straight up into those mountains . '' 
 he pointed over the tops of some of the trees . 
 the peaks were barely visible . 
 he dropped his arm and took off . 
 i sloshed after him . 
 `` you could n't have picked an easier hidey-hole to get to ? '' 
 `` easier means company . '' 
 `` the wolves will catch up to us eventually , '' i grumbled right as i slipped on a medium-sized rock , catching myself before i tumbled all the way in . 
 my reflexes were much better now as a wolf . 
 thank goodness , or my ass would 've been soaked . 
 `` wolves are tenacious , you know . '' 
 `` by the time they find us , we 'll have come and gone . '' 
 `` rourke , '' i called to his quickly retreating back . 
 `` you know i 'm not staying with you for more than a day , right ? 
 once i get confirmation from my pack , i 'm heading back the way i came . 
 i 'm not jumping from hidey-hole to hidey-hole with you . '' 
 he grunted a response . 
 after long miles with not a lot of rest , we came to a natural pool framed by a number of large boulders , a strong eddy swirling at its center . 
 it was fed by a steady trickle of extremely stinky water erupting out of a crack in a giant rock . 
 the smell of rotten eggs permeated the air . 
 i took another whiff . 
 `` wow , that 's awful , '' i said . 
 `` does it smell this bad to humans ? '' 
 rourke climbed onto one of the rocks bordering the pool . 
 a lock of his sand-colored hair fell over his forehead as the sun reflected on his still bare chest , illuminating the tiny droplets of water stuck to him from walking in the stream . 
 that man should be arrested , i grumbled at my wolf . 
 it was a grumble kind of day . 
 my wolf let off a low growl , her eyes tracking rourke 's every move , but they were sounding less like growls and more like purrs . 
 the hair on my arms began to stand on end without my permission . 
 i hugged my jacket-wrapped weapons tighter to my chest . 
 i hoped like hell he did n't notice the effect he was having on me . 
 it was embarrassing . 
 when he did n't answer my question about the sulfur , i asked , `` what ? '' 
 a little defensively . 
 `` it 's a legitimate question . 
 it 's getting harder for me to remember how i smelled things before as a human . 
 things are muddled . '' 
 his eyes danced for a moment and i caught a quick flash of green , like a lighter sparking right before it jumps to full flame . 
 `` it smells more mild to humans , not like it does to us . 
 sulfur is a powerful natural element . 
 it does a good job of masking our scent naturally . 
 when the wolves arrive here , they 'll have a hard time picking up our trail with a nose full of sulfur . '' 
 he grinned mischievously . 
 `` now i 'm going to need you to submerse yourself in the pool . '' 
 he gestured out to the middle . 
 `` completely . '' 
 `` is that really necessary ? '' 
 i eyed the pool . 
 `` ca n't we just splash ourselves with that ? '' 
 i pointed to the stream trickling out of the rocks . 
 `` it smells much worse . '' 
 `` we will need to do both . '' 
 he set his jacket and boots down on an exposed rock . 
 `` the water in the pool will strip us of our sweat , the sulfur stream will mask us on the way out . '' 
 he did n't wait for a reply , instead he dove straight into the deepest part of the pool , surfacing a good distance away . 
 it appeared to be quite deep . 
 the sunlight glinted off his wet hair , making him look like some kind of water deity when he surfaced . 
 it so figured . 
 `` i thought cats hated to get wet . '' 
 he gave me a cagey grin . 
 `` there 's nothing i like better than being wet . '' 
 he dove under , his broad , powerful back skimming just under the surface . 
 `` fine , '' i muttered , resigning myself to my fate . 
 `` whatever you say . '' 
 i set down my jacket wrapped with goodies and picked my way to the edge of the pool . 
 my white camisole had stayed dry for the most part , but my black pants were completely soaked from splashing my way through the river . 
 i bit my lip . 
 on second thought , i went back and plucked up my jacket , untangling it from the pile , leaving my weapons and shoes sitting exposed on the rock . 
 i picked my way over to another area , the one closest to the sulfur stream , and hung it carefully on a dead tree branch jutting over the pool so i could grab it when i emerged soaking wet . 
 i turned back to the pool . 
 rourke was grinning at me again . 
 `` no need to be smug about it , cat , '' i growled . 
 `` i 'm getting in the damn water . '' 
 rourke 's laughter bounced off the boulders and echoed back into my ears . 
 `` nothing smug about me , sweetheart . '' 
 he turned onto his back to float . 
 `` just taking some time out of my busy day to enjoy the beauty around me . '' 
 `` you 're lucky i grew up around a bunch of wolves . 
 i learned early on to check my modesty at the door . '' 
 well , mostly anyway . 
 i glanced at my dangling jacket . 
 it was nice to have a backup plan . 
 i turned back to the pool , contemplated my fate for a second , and dove off the rocks . 
 right into a pool with a predator who looked like he wanted to eat me for breakfast . 
 19 `` rourke ? '' 
 i asked as we swam . 
 `` with what you know about the supernatural world , do you think my pack is winning this battle ? 
 i absolutely hate that i 'm not there . 
 i know very little about the southern wolves , but from what i do know , it seems surprising that they 're this efficiently organized . 
 redman martin is an arrogant ass ** le from the stories i 've heard over the years , so it 's understandable , but it seems strange that he would wage a war so soon , after what happened with the division of pack lines all those years ago . '' 
 red martin was the alpha of the u.s. southern territories and he and my father were enemies . 
 it was because of redman that there were two u.s. packs instead of one . 
 `` i have a hard time believing any other wolves can best your father and his pack , '' he answered . 
 `` he 's a powerful leader and his wolves are fierce fighters . 
 i do n't think you have anything to worry about . 
 i 've only ever had a few run-ins with red , but as much as he is arrogant , he 's equal parts lazy . 
 he likely wants to ransom you to the highest bidder or has some other slimy , easy-to-profit-from plan in place . 
 it may even be as simple as he wants to pay back your father for any perceived wrongdoings . 
 my guess is the fighting wo n't last long once they find out you 're gone . 
 you 're their prize . 
 no prize , no fight . 
 he knows he wo n't win a combat battle , which is why no wolves were fighting on the streets . 
 they were looking for you . 
 you did your pack a favor by leaving . '' 
 i hoped what he said was true . 
 we did n't swim for very long , time being of the essence . 
 rourke emerged first , and i watched him from my spot on the other side of the pool . 
 he picked his way over the rocks with ease , his jeans conveniently sticking to all the important parts . 
 water sluiced off his shoulders , running down his back in cascading rivers . 
 his hair looked much darker wet than it had dry . 
 he tilted his head at me , like he was enjoying the weight of my stare . 
 cocky bastard . 
 at that precise moment , the sun glinted perfectly on his irises and they flashed the palest green , almost white . 
 `` rourke , your eyes are completely insane . '' 
 i swam over to the edge closest to where he was standing and stared , shielding my eyes to the sun as i glanced up . 
 `` humans must comment on them all the time . 
 how do you explain them away ? '' 
 he shrugged like having diamonds for eyes was a normal everyday occurrence . 
 `` if i think they deserve an answer , i usually tell them i have my mother 's eyes , '' he said . 
 `` and if i do n't , i tell them it 's none of their goddamn business . '' 
 `` and they actually believe you ? '' 
 `` humans already know they 're going to have to accept whatever excuse i give them , before they even ask . 
 thinking i 'm ` other ' is not an option . 
 so they ask with the idea that they 'll get a logical explanation , and once i give them one , they usually take it without question . '' 
 he gave me a lopsided grin , which made him seem more human . 
 `` but sometimes it takes a little more finesse on my part to win them over . '' 
 `` are they really your mother 's eyes ? '' 
 i asked , choosing pointedly to ignore my wolf , who bristled at the `` finesse '' part . 
 he 's not ours , i scolded . 
 he can finesse anyone he wants . 
 she bit the air . 
 `` i guess you could say that , '' he said . 
 `` my shifter genes came from my father , like everyone 's do , but my mother had very unusual eyes to begin with , or so i 'd been told . 
 i do n't remember her much . 
 it was a very long time ago . '' 
 he grabbed his clothes and started around the pool toward the sulfur trickle coming out of the large boulder . 
 i swam over to where my jacket was hanging and hoisted myself up . 
 i turned away demurely and was about to put it back on to cover myself when rourke cleared his voice right behind me . 
 `` um , sorry , sweetheart , but i 'm going to need that jacket now . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i asked , dripping wet , arms crossed over my chest . 
 `` scent trail . 
 our scent stops at this pool . '' 
 i took my jacket off the branch with my index finger and reluctantly swung it out to him . 
 he took it and walked to the edge of the pool , grabbed a large piece of floating wood and draped my jacket over , and sent it off . 
 i watched with a heavy heart as my coverage floated down the stream . 
 `` wait , you just sent my jacket downstream where we just came from . 
 how is that going to help ? '' 
 `` it will eventually float to shore . 
 hopefully that 's where they 'll think we got out . 
 having a buildup of your scent downstream can only help us . '' 
 he headed to the sulfur without looking back , and started cupping the smelly water and splashing it all over his body . 
 i made my way over to him . 
 `` you just sent my modesty downstream for a two-minute diversion ? '' 
 `` hey , i 'll take any advantage i can get . '' 
 `` that was n't an advantage , that was sneaky . '' 
 i walked up next to him and started pouring water over my head , cupping my hands tightly to catch it . 
 it smelled awful this close , like rancid eggs right in my nostrils . 
 rourke stayed focused on his task . 
 at least he was n't trying to ogle my br ** sts . 
 though it would 've been easier to dislike him if he had . 
 instead i was feeling quite the opposite . 
 he was just so ... normal . 
 not at all what i 'd been expecting . 
 it was throwing me off . 
 we have to remember he 's dangerous , right ? 
 my wolf huffed at me , and instead of agreeing , she flashed me a picture of him getting out of the pool without his jeans . 
 stop it ! 
 you 're not helping ! 
 he could snap at any moment and try to kill us . 
 she turned her back on me . 
 plus , he does n't seem to be that into us anyway . 
 other than a few lighthearted comments , and some dazzling smiles , he had n't sent us any real signals . 
 i cleared my voice and hoped i sounded normal . 
 `` rourke , what kind of werecat are you ? '' 
 he seemed genuinely surprised by the question . 
 then he narrowed his eyes , flashing me a toothy grin . 
 `` i never kiss and tell on the first date . '' 
 he turned back to the putrid water and splashed more of it on his chest . 
 my wolf licked her lips and let out a mew . 
 we do n't mew . 
 she snuffed at me . 
 `` come on , you can tell me . '' 
 i moved in beside him , cupping more water between my palms . 
 `` i wo n't spill your secret . 
 i 've got enough to worry about , why would i have any reason to tell ? '' 
 we stood close and heat from him radiated into my body , along with his strong power current . 
 it prickled my skin again like a million tiny pressure points tapping at the same time . 
 standing this close to him was an at-my-own-risk kind of deal , but i was doing it anyway . 
 rourke turned , tendrils of water snaking their way down his body , disappearing under the lip of his denim . 
 a spark ignited somewhere deep in his eyes , and chills ran down my spine . 
 that had been a little on the `` real '' side . 
 he said , `` i have n't told a single person in over five hundred years what i am , and i 'm not planning on breaking my streak now . '' 
 `` why the big cloak-and-dagger ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it ca n't matter that much if people know what you are . '' 
 i poured a palmful of the stink over my head . 
 i tried to face away from him , toward the rock , so my see-through camisole was aimed at something innocuous . 
 `` if they know what i am , they can better anticipate how i may react in a certain situation . 
 secrecy may aid me only a little in that respect , but the unknown tends to be more frightening than reality anyway . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` as a rule . '' 
 he literally towered over me , but the weird thing was , i did n't feel threatened by him at all . 
 it bugged me , because he was a predator , most likely a natural enemy of mine . 
 i should feel threatened nonstop . 
 my hackles should be raised and i should be baring my teeth . 
 shifters rarely got along with other shifters . 
 we were animals . 
 animals fought . 
 they did n't hang out in a creek together splashing around . 
 my wolf should want to rip her canines into him and sever his jugular , not mew at him like a lovestruck teenager . 
 instead of ripping his heart out , her tongue lolled out while she enjoyed the view . 
 put your tongue back in your mouth . 
 you 're embarrassing me . 
 i stopped dumping water over my head to take in what he 'd just said . 
 `` so , let me get this straight . 
 if people think you may be ... let 's say , a saber-toothed tiger , they 'll be more afraid of you than say ... if they found out you were a common house cat ? 
 is that the real reasoning behind all your mysterious mystique ? '' 
 rourke chuckled . 
 `` jessica , you 're no shrinking violet , that 's for damn sure . '' 
 he shook his head back and forth , water spraying us both . 
 `` my ` mysterious mystique , ' as you so nicely put it , has gone a long way in facilitating my reputation as a resident badass . 
 if you build up the rumors and the fear , it makes your job a hell of a lot easier . 
 i like easy . '' 
 he pinned me with his eyes . 
 `` and i can promise you i am most certainly not a house cat . '' 
 he chuckled again . 
 i stopped moving . 
 when he 'd used my name in the familiar , blood had thundered around in my brain . 
 my wolf and i had both snapped to immediate attention , the effect of his words had been physical . 
 my blood pumped wildly and little tremors broke out all over my body , making me twitch . 
 i do n't even know this guy . 
 he should n't have any effect on us . 
 what just happened ? 
 why is our body doing that ? 
 my wolf was too busy running in circles excitedly yipping to answer me . 
 plus i was having trouble focusing on what i 'd just been saying as rourke raised his arms over his head again . 
 water coated his face and ran freely down his body . 
 a low sound emerged in the back of my throat . 
 i brought a hand to my neck . 
 jesus , you have to stop doing that . 
 calm yourself down ! 
 i seriously hoped that sound had not been uttered out loud . 
 listen , you have to get a hold of this . 
 we 're not sleeping with every single person we meet . 
 my wolf was just short of jumping up and down . 
 you ca n't be into this guy like that . 
 he 's a mercenary who was hired to stalk us , possibly even kidnap us . 
 we are not going there . 
 do you hear me ? 
 she was n't listening because she was lost to her own personal frenzy . 
 i left her there . 
 we climbed straight up . 
 our wet clothes and shoes dried fairly quickly in the heat-thank goodness . 
 rourke had taken the lead and so far had n't glanced back . 
 i had no idea if he was being chivalrous or if he was just anxious to reach a safer location . 
 after a couple hours , i picked up my pace and lessened the gap between us . 
 the sulfur had definitely helped mask us for a while , but as it dissipated i clearly smelled the deep clove musk emanating from every pore on rourke 's body . 
 there was no way to get rid of it . 
 our scent was intrinsic to us ; you could n't turn it off . 
 the wolves had it in their memory banks and could absolutely track it , it was just a matter of time . 
 we had a day at most . 
 rourke paused beneath a tall tree . 
 i trailed behind him , coming to a halt right as my stomach grumbled like rocks were being ground up in my intestines . 
 rourke arched an eyebrow . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm hungry . '' 
 another rumble . 
 `` actually , scratch that , i could eat an entire restaurant full of food . '' 
 `` we 're almost there , and there 's food at the cabin . '' 
 he started walking again . 
 `` when i made my first change , i was insatiable for a solid year . '' 
 his voice held a soft purr . 
 `` in more ways than one . '' 
 i caught my footing in time and managed not to nosedive into the ground as i followed after him . 
 `` so i have this to look forward to for a full year ? '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 i complained after him . 
 `` you know ... it 's not like a normal hunger . 
 it 's more like i 'm trying to feed something else-something craving so much more than i can give it . 
 food does n't fill it . 
 it 's like a gigantic void and nothing i seem to do can satiate it . '' 
 `` you 're craving fresh blood . '' 
 i stopped in my tracks . 
 `` what do you mean , ` fresh blood ' ? 
 i 'm not killing someone just to calm my irritable stomach . 
 that 's not happening , like ever . '' 
 `` no , i mean you need to hunt . '' 
 he slowed , turning around . 
 `` you know , rabbits and squirrels ? 
 the hunt is what your body is craving , and a fresh kill staves off true hunger . 
 your body craves the blood . '' 
 he squinted back at me , bringing his hand up . 
 when i did n't respond , he said , `` you do n't know what i 'm talking about , do you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i 've only made one change ... and let 's just say it did n't go exceedingly well . 
 i 'm not actually sure i can make a successful change again ... um ... without help . 
 i have n't had any werewolf 101 tutorials yet . 
 if people stop trying to kill me long enough , i may be able to squeeze some in , but so far , other than what i 've witnessed as an outsider all my life , i do n't know much of anything . '' 
 he turned and continued picking his way up the rocky slope . 
 i followed . 
 `` maybe you can make a change when we get to the cabin , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm certainly not a wolf , but i 've been a shifter for a lot of years , too many to count . 
 i might be able to help . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 making a successful shift could be the ticket back to my pack . 
 as a wolf , it would be easy for me to find another way out of the mountains quickly . 
 `` but , just so you know , there 's a strong possibility i would eat you instead of the rabbit if i change . 
 i do n't have the greatest control and i ca n't promise things wo n't get out of hand . '' 
 `` i 'm counting on it . '' 
 he laughed all the way to the next clearing . 
 the cabin was simple . 
 and beautiful . 
 the aged logs on the small structure were weathered and faded a charcoal gray . 
 the metal roof had a nice brown patina , and a tiny stone chimney , made of flat river rocks , ran up one side . 
 it boasted some new latches and clean boards , so i knew rourke had recently put some time into it . 
 `` wow , it 's so cute , '' i said as we entered the clearing . 
 `` it 's amazing , actually . 
 how 'd you find it way up here in the middle of nowhere ? '' 
 the backdrop to the cabin was the continuing side of the mountain we were on , framing it like a fantastic painting . 
 `` i 've spent a lot of time in these mountains , '' rourke answered . 
 `` when you spend as much time as i do exploring the woods , you 're bound to find something . '' 
 he gestured to the right of the structure . 
 `` there used to be a rough trail leading to a deserted mine , located a few miles east of here . 
 i figured this cabin must 've belonged to one of the miners who decided to live here year round . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` or at least that 's my best guess . '' 
 `` how come no one else has discovered it ? '' 
 meaning humans . 
 `` a few people have stumbled in here and there , but there 's no easy way to get here other than what we just did . '' 
 which had been a heavy climb up the steep side of a mountain . 
 `` the land sheers off in every direction eventually . 
 the old mine was lost to a landslide years ago , effectively eliminating any easy routes that could 've run up here long before i ever found it . 
 i 've tried to buy the land , but it 's owned by the state and there 's too much bureaucracy involved . 
 there 's no record of the cabin at all , so when and if they ever find it , i 'll move on . '' 
 the tiny structure reminded me of my home in a strange way . 
 it did n't have much in common with the elegant lodge of my upbringing , but the cabin , edged by rolling green on all sides , surrounded by a forest of old growth , felt good . 
 really good . 
 `` you said you had food ? '' 
 `` right inside . '' 
 he headed toward the door , chuckling again . 
 it was n't nice to know everything i did was funny , but at least he had a nice baritone . 
 marcy was right . 
 listening to it was n't the worst thing in the world . 
 he turned the knob and headed inside . 
 `` no lock ? '' 
 i followed him through the door . 
 `` not necessary . 
 if someone wanted something badly enough , all they 'd have to do is break a window . 
 hauling glass up the side of a mountain is a pain , so i figured if i had to replace some of the food once in a while , it 's easier than bringing up more glass . '' 
 inside , an old wooden countertop ran along the left wall with a cutout for a sink , but an aged plastic basin balanced in its place instead . 
 homemade cabinets hung on the walls above the countertop , framing a lone , four-paned window in the middle . 
 the doors to the cabinets were long gone , exposing rows and rows of canned goods . 
 i made a beeline for the sustenance . 
 `` corn , beans , fruit , chili , '' i read , twisting a few of the labels so i could see what they were . 
 `` rourke , you could open your own restaurant up here : cute cabin cuisine . '' 
 i grabbed a can of chili . 
 `` mind if i eat this cold ? '' 
 i eyed the small propane camping stove in the corner , but honestly , it would take too long at this point . 
 `` you can eat anything you 'd like . 
 have at it . '' 
 rourke 's arm threaded around my waist , surprising me enough to jump . 
 dammit . 
 i had to quit reacting to him . 
 he slid an old , rickety drawer open right next to where i stood and pulled out a can opener . 
 he handed it to me , eyes dancing . 
 `` you may want to use this instead of your teeth . 
 it 's a little more civilized . '' 
 i ignored him , swiping the opener from his hands . 
 while the drawer was still open , i plucked out a fork and headed for the small table . 
 i sat in one of the two chairs . 
 `` i 'll show you what civilized looks like , cat . '' 
 i used the can opener , and once the lid was off , i dipped my fork in and immediately drew out a big fat forkful . 
 with a full mouth , i asked , `` ith that where you theep ? '' 
 i used the tip of my fork to point upward in case he could n't catch my meaning . 
 his gaze flicked to the small loft . 
 a single mattress of indeterminate size lay there , covered in what appeared to be an aged patchwork quilt . 
 `` yep , that 's where the bedroom is . '' 
 `` ith cute , '' i said over another mouthful . 
 rourke pushed off the countertop where he 'd been standing and came to sit in a rocking chair by the fireplace . 
 the only other furniture in the room . 
 he looked massive and out of place in the obviously fragile antique . 
 it 'd probably been handcrafted by the cabin 's original owner . 
 he looked like gulliver sitting in a chair leagues too small . 
 i stifled a giggle with another bite of chili . 
 then i sat back and ate the rest of the cold meat and beans . 
 as my brain calmed and my stomach stopped aching , i sobered considerably . 
 it 'd been easy to focus on the tough climb and trying to lose our scent trail , but what the hell was i doing here ? 
 this was n't a happy vacation in the mountains with my lover . 
 my pack was at war-a war sparked because of me-and i had to quit screwing around . 
 i 'd followed rourke up here , like a good girl who 'd been ordered by her father , but now it was time to figure out my next move . 
 and in order to do that , i had to gather some facts . 
 starting with rourke . 
 i finished the chili , set the can and fork down on the table , and turned decisively toward him . 
 he seemed to be patiently waiting for me to finish my meal . 
 his face was quiet , almost brooding . 
 it seemed we 'd both fallen into the same what-the-fuck-do-we-do-now mode . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` okay , rourke . 
 it 's time to figure this thing out once and for all . 
 i think our happy-talk quota is all used up , quite possibly forever . 
 you got me here , saved me in a strange sense , made sure i stuck with you , and i 've played along . 
 now i need you to give me the real reason why you 're helping me . 
 this is n't a game , this is my life , and i want to know the real deal . 
 a trained mercenary does not help a damsel in distress , he avoids her like the plague . 
 i am a burden to you , and mercs hate burdens . 
 james 's sudden paradigm shift to trust you was abrupt . 
 he had to have a good reason , or a damn good hunch about something . 
 i want some answers to why you 're playing nice . '' 
 rourke shifted in his chair , his muscular arms gripping the rails as he slid himself forward until he rested at the edge . 
 it was a miracle that thing held him . 
 he set his elbows on his knees and waited a few beats before answering . 
 `` irish was right to trust me . 
 i brought you here because i owed your father a debt . '' 
 not what i was expecting . 
 he continued , `` it had n't been my original plan , but it came along , so i took it . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 `` my father did n't mention you owed him any debt , and believe me , we discussed you in depth . 
 if he felt he could 've trusted you because you were beholden to him in some way , we would n't be sitting here having this conversation . 
 he would 've arranged a closed meeting in a safe place . 
 end of story . 
 what you 're saying does n't ring true , rourke . '' 
 his mouth went up on one side , making him look cocky . 
 `` cats and dogs play by different rules , sweetheart . 
 what your father did for me had nothing to do with battle or war , which i believe a wolf holds above all else . 
 after he did what he did , i made an oath to pay him back in kind . 
 irish must have found out about it somehow , or heard the rumors , or just guessed , but it does n't matter . 
 this opportunity came along , so i took it . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` that 's all there is to it . '' 
 `` that does n't explain our meet-up in the first place . 
 saving my life because a war dropped unexpectedly into your lap , and you just happened to have a debt you needed to repay , does n't equal meeting me for drinks because you were hired to extract information . 
 those are two very separate things . '' 
 i sat straighter . 
 `` listen , rourke , i 'm not expecting you to divulge every single detail to me , but i 'm looking for answers to help preserve my life . 
 nothing more . '' 
 he stared at me so intently , my breath caught for a moment . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` please , i need to know , '' i said softly . 
 `` what specifically do you want to know ? '' 
 `` who hired you ? 
 i need to know , because the details of my shift should n't be out yet . 
 it 's only been a few days , and that most likely means we have a traitor in our pack . 
 if i want to survive , i need information . '' 
 i tried another tack when he did n't answer . 
 `` if keeping me alive a little longer counts toward repaying the debt you owe to my father , consider telling me what i need to know as the final payment . 
 after i have that , i 'll go on my way and you can be done babysitting me for good . '' 
 rourke stood and started to pace . 
 it was a move so like my brother 's , my heart jumped into my throat suddenly and my thoughts rushed to tyler . 
 i brushed my mind , but there was only dead space there . 
 the same dead space i 'd gotten all day . 
 rourke stopped in front of the countertop and propped himself against it . 
 there was n't exactly any place else to go . 
 `` it 's not as easy as all that . '' 
 `` i did n't think it would be easy . 
 in fact , i was thinking it was going to be very , very difficult . '' 
 `` jessica , i 'm bound by a very powerful client , and there 's more to this story than i can share with you now-or quite possibly ever . '' 
 he broke his gaze and i took the meaning intended . 
 my heart raced again with the proper use of my name , but i pushed it to the farthest reaches of my mind . 
 my wolf howled her delight again at hearing , and i had to quiet her before i went on . 
 this is not the time . 
 you have to cool it . 
 `` you mean somebody would 've taken the job who did n't owe a life debt to the alpha of the u.s. northern territories ? 
 somebody who could 've extracted the ` by whatever means necessary ' information by ripping out my fingernails or running a silver blade across my neck ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` so you went into this knowing there was a good chance you would have to save me at some point , even though it meant double-crossing your powerful client ? '' 
 `` by ` saving you , ' i 'm not double-crossing my client . 
 i 'm simply bringing you to another location to obtain what i need . '' 
 `` and if i refuse to give it freely ? '' 
 `` the only way to do that would be to escape me . '' 
 his eyes sparked . 
 i raised an eyebrow and ran my head pointedly around the small room . 
 `` hmm , i 'm thinking that may be a likely scenario , rourke . 
 but the minute i make my masterful ` escape , ' you 'll be back to hunting me , correct ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said , not bothering to look abashed as he crossed his arms . 
 `` most likely in a day or two , after i 've had some time to recover from the serious injuries you inflicted on me in your overzealousness to escape . '' 
 i could n't help but laugh . 
 the thought of fighting him suddenly sent my libido skyrocketing several octaves . 
 damn cat . 
 my wolf yipped . 
 quit . 
 i know you 're behind this . 
 we 're in serious discussions here and i need to stay focused . 
 can you please keep your mind off sex for two freaking seconds ? 
 it 's getting to be on the insane stalkery side . 
 she growled and snapped at me . 
 `` i 'm assuming once you 've recovered from all my crushing blows , your debts to my father will be paid in full ? '' 
 he glanced down at his boots , a lock of hair fell over his eye . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` interrogating women is n't your thing , is it ? '' 
 he looked up , surprised . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't make it a habit to shake down women . '' 
 `` but you fight them on occasion , right ? '' 
 there were some nasty-ass supernatural women on the planet . 
 not all were created equal . 
 `` when duty calls . '' 
 `` you mean when you 're paid enough ? '' 
 i did n't wait for an answer . 
 `` if i choose to give you enough information freely , will your client back off ? '' 
 he dropped his arms and paced to the door . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 my client tends to be attracted to the unusual . 
 once the entire supernatural world learns about you , there may be no end to the curiosity . 
 right now , i 'm being paid to gather necessary information only . 
 the next job may be a bit more ... detailed . '' 
 `` nobody 's putting a gun to your head to take the next job , rourke . '' 
 he turned , covering the small room in a few short strides , grabbing on to the back of my chair , putting his face right next to mine . 
 it took everything i had not to shrink back . 
 his eyes were sparking , green arrows of light shooting like beautiful starbursts in his irises . 
 my wolf jumped to attention immediately , but instead of snarling , she ran her typical circles . 
 `` if i do n't take it there 's always someone next in line who will . '' 
 the scent of him thickened around us , making my head dance . 
 `` why do you care ? '' 
 i breathed . 
 both of us stilled . 
 he backed off , dropping his hands from my chair . 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 his scent said otherwise , but the markers were so unique it was hard for me to really tell . 
 he was giving off something new , and i could n't sort it fast enough , but whatever it was , it was heady and strange and it was all over the place , pinging around in my mind like a pinball drenched in honey . 
 he did n't smell like a wolf or a human . 
 he smells incredible , richer than before . 
 i was beginning to get light-headed from it and my wolf was beyond frenzy . 
 i had to find a way to shut her out of my mind completely so i could concentrate . 
 i shook my head , but it did n't help . 
 `` so if someone else took the job , your debt to my father would be forfeit ? 
 is that why you took it ? '' 
 he ran an absent hand through his hair . 
 `` dammit , having you here complicates everything . '' 
 he strode toward the door and reached for the handle . 
 he so did n't get to storm out of here . 
 i was pissed . 
 i jumped up , my anger wiping away the last tendrils of whatever scent of his that had lingered in my mind . 
 `` if you remember correctly , i did n't want to be anywhere near here . 
 i wanted to stay with my pack and fight . 
 i was a complication you did n't need to act on . 
 it was your choice to bring me here . 
 you could 've dropped me in the next town over and my father would 've called it good , your life debt paid in full . '' 
 `` dropping you off and leaving you alone was n't in the cards , '' he ground . 
 `` my honor is one of the only things i have left to give freely , and i do n't give it lightly . '' 
 i stalked toward him . 
 he dropped his hold on the door and faced me . 
 `` all the stories i 've ever heard about you in the past have been full of hard edges , but honestly , rourke , you 've turned out nothing like them . 
 now i 'm left wondering what 's true and what 's a goddamn smokescreen . 
 i 'm beginning to think everything is a lie and you 're just one big , badass kitten under all that muscle . '' 
 i got in his face . 
 `` are you trying to gain my trust so you can pull one over on me , or are you really just a nice guy masquerading as a stone-cold killer ? '' 
 all in one motion i was up against the doorframe , his body flat against mine . 
 his mouth covered mine , his lips soft but firm , the kiss deep and full . 
 his mouth felt hot against my lips ; his strange , wonderful scent pouring over me in waves , making my whole body ache with need . 
 my body responded on its own , my mouth opening up to his . 
 my tongue found his warmth ; my nails sought his back . 
 gods , he 's hard and soft at the same time . 
 `` it should n't be . 
 this should n't be right , '' he growled into my mouth , then covered my lips again fiercely , his grip tightening on my hips . 
 he groaned , pulling back a few inches , his eyes fully dilated . 
 he took my mouth again , his hands sliding up to tangle in my hair , his body full of power as he leaned into me , pressing me farther into the jamb . 
 the currents of his power radiated into my body , throbbing everything deliciously . 
 `` jessica . '' 
 my body seized and all my synapses exploded at once . 
 reality came back slowly , like waking from a dream . 
 no . 
 what did he just say ? 
 i have to stop this . 
 what was that ? 
 i tried hard to clear my head , but instead my hands slid to his still naked chest , caressing , feeling , my brain too foggy to concentrate on anything but pleasure . 
 his delicious scent was overpowering me and i let it . 
 he nipped at my lips , his teeth pulling , tasting , his tongue lapping me . 
 i moaned . 
 `` jessica , '' he murmured as his mouth covered mine again in a deep , sensual kiss . 
 i froze . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 what 's happening ? 
 it took everything i had , but i braced my hands against his chest and shoved . 
 he stumbled backward , dazed . 
 `` what was that ? 
 i ... i ... '' i ran a forearm over my bruised mouth . 
 i tried to refocus . 
 everything was blurred . 
 `` that was n't a normal kiss , rourke . 
 i know you 're hot , and my wolf 's been going apeshit over you , but holy crap . 
 i 've never ... that was ... i ... '' there were no words . 
 rourke stared at me without speaking , his irises a full blaze of green . 
 he appeared as stunned as i felt . 
 my wolf howled , angry with me . 
 she shot a picture into my mind of rourke looking down on us like he just had , but this time we were licking and biting his chin . 
 ohmygod . 
 no . 
 my wolf danced around excitedly , like she 'd been doing all day . 
 rourke is not our mate . 
 she snarled and bared her teeth . 
 no ! 
 it ca n't possibly be right . 
 that would be insanity . 
 she howled . 
 i shook my head . 
 there had to be some mistake . 
 `` jessica . '' 
 rourke closed the gap between us and tried to reach for me again . 
 i stepped to the side , pushing him away . 
 `` you knew , '' i said accusingly . 
 `` you knew what was happening-what had been happening to us all day-and you did n't say a damn thing . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i had no idea until right now . 
 until i just tasted you . 
 something shattered between us when we came together and i know you felt it too . '' 
 he gazed at me in open wonder . 
 `` your blood is calling to me right now . 
 just being this far apart is making me crazy . 
 i need to touch you . '' 
 he felt different to me too , but i was n't ready to admit it . 
 it was too much . 
 `` how could this happen ? '' 
 i scooted away . 
 i needed some space . 
 `` cats and dogs do n't play together , and if this really is true , the universe is playing some kind of cruel joke on us . '' 
 `` it 's no joke , '' rourke said , taking another step toward me . 
 `` jessica , when i first saw you striding toward me in the bar , all confident and headstrong , it was all i could do not to bend you over a barstool and take you right there . 
 but i marked it up to a regular male response to a gorgeous woman . 
 i did n't think about it any more than that . '' 
 his eyes were still wild , firing a beautiful green . 
 `` when i realized you had n't set me up , and you were in real trouble-my beast went crazy trying to get you out of there and out of harm 's way . 
 i had trouble controlling his impulses , and it pissed me off . 
 that has never happened to me before . 
 it seems i 've been denying him the whole time i 've been with you , pushing him back , scolding him . 
 he never stopped urging me , fighting with me , until this very moment . 
 when you got in my face , i finally gave in to what he 's been pushing me to do all along . '' 
 `` and what was that ? '' 
 i asked warily . 
 `` to taste you . '' 
 i knew in my bones what he was saying was true . 
 i 'd been denying my wolf just as hard . 
 but that did n't make it any easier to swallow . 
 rourke was nothing like any of the wolves had thought , but i still was n't ready . 
 i 'd just turned into a wolf-now i had a mate ? 
 it was too much , an insane amount of too much . 
 `` i ca n't think . 
 none of this is making any sense . '' 
 i put my hand to my forehead . 
 `` why us ? 
 why now ? 
 it takes some a thousand years to find their true mate . '' 
 i turned . 
 `` i need some air . '' 
 before he could object i darted out the door , slamming it firmly behind me . 
 my wolf had gone quiet for once , her head angled at me like she wanted to ask a question . 
 i can not talk about this with you . 
 i know where you stand , you 've been abundantly clear on all fronts . 
 you accept him . 
 i get it . 
 but i ca n't deal with this right now . 
 his scent is still inside me , driving me crazy . 
 his taste is still on my lips . 
 i crave him even now . 
 holy shit , i had a mate . 
 and he was a cat . 
 i ran headfirst into the woods . 
 20 i followed a well-worn path leading away from the cabin . 
 it ran without stopping straight into a wall of densely packed pine trees . 
 i had to duck my head and pull apart low branches to get through . 
 inside was a tiny clearing , ringed tightly with tall trees . 
 the grassy field in the middle was so perfect and green , it appeared to have been freshly mowed . 
 that was inconceivable . 
 rourke did n't come up here and mow lawns . 
 i paced into the middle and looked up . 
 the trees were entrancing , like a beautiful forested cathedral made of swaying boughs with a rooftop of the purest blue . 
 the edges of the sky were fading to orange with the setting sun . 
 we have to do something , i told my wolf . 
 i have to get my mind off of all this . 
 she mimicked lying on the ground and barked . 
 you want to shift ? 
 she yipped . 
 what if i ca n't shift all the way ? 
 she snapped the air in front of her and flicked her muzzle . 
 it 's not a stupid question . 
 we did that whole lycan thing , and i have no idea how it happened , or how to do it again . 
 she turned away from me like it was n't any concern of hers . 
 what if i 'm not in control as a wolf ? 
 i 'm not ready for a repeat of the last time we were in our full true form . 
 my wolf turned around slowly , her eyes clear as she put her paw up against the opaque barrier between us in my mind . 
 i had dropped it momentarily when we 'd fought the rogue , but it was still there . 
 she was telling me it still held , it was still strong . 
 i was in control whether she liked it or not . 
 okay , let 's try it then . 
 i 've really got nothing to lose . 
 i shimmied out of my clothes quickly and lay down on the grass , pushing rourke and the kiss from my mind . 
 it took gargantuan effort . 
 all my body really wanted to do was run back to him . 
 i closed my eyes and focused on my wolf , which was n't hard because she had situated herself front and center , waiting for me to get with the program . 
 okay , this is all you . 
 i 'm trusting you to know what to do . 
 she growled , urging me along . 
 fine , fine , i 'm going . 
 once i was settled , i pushed out to her . 
 i was n't sure if i was doing it right , but it felt comfortable . 
 the barrier between us bowed , but held . 
 power flowed through me , transferring to my wolf through the screen . 
 she howled fiercely as she accepted it . 
 shivers shot though me as my muscles started to dance and move . 
 slowly at first , and then more rapidly , like my body was yielding on its own . 
 my back arched , my spine lifting off the ground , starting to shift beneath me . 
 soft fur sprouted along my arms and legs , my canines and claws elongating to full length . 
 my legs bent and twisted as they changed . 
 there was no shock of pain this time . 
 my father had been right . 
 instead , a constant pressure mixed with liquid heat ran through my veins . 
 raw energy transformed my body ; it shaped me and shook me with need . 
 my body wanted this , it welcomed it . 
 when it was over , i sprawled on my stomach panting heavily . 
 my paws spread out in front of me . 
 i have paws . 
 i laughed . 
 it was funny to think of myself with anything other than hands . 
 i blinked a few times , adjusting to the field of vision , which was sharper and much more precise than before . 
 i pushed out to my wolf and found her sitting right next to me , panting with me , seeing everything i saw . 
 how can you be here with me at the same time ? 
 as she barked , our mouth opened and the sound of a wolf 's calling reverberated in the air . 
 you told me you would n't be in control ! 
 she sniffed the air , and as she did , our snout absorbed the scents around us . 
 the smell of rourke hit me immediately . 
 he was near . 
 in my wolf form , his scent called to me immediately , signaling our connection clearly . 
 there was no mistaking it . 
 it screamed mate . 
 no wonder my wolf had known . 
 i wanted to go to him now , so he could comfort me , soothe me . 
 but i did n't . 
 instead i jumped to my feet and stumbled a few paces . 
 i was n't used to working a body with four legs . 
 i had to get out of here . 
 i needed to think somewhere i could n't smell my mate . 
 i do n't get it . 
 why wo n't this work ? 
 my wolf took a step forward in my mind , and i felt a pull to step , my paw lifting off the ground on its own . 
 no ! 
 my foreleg froze in place . 
 i focused all my concentration and my paw went down , and as it did , i understood . 
 i was in control , but the shift of power in this form hung on the tiniest thread of thought . 
 we were melded here , almost one and the same . 
 nothing like my human body . 
 she bit the air in my mind , but my muzzle stayed shut in my physical form . 
 i get it . 
 let me get used to it first . 
 she huffed , but sat back on her haunches . 
 i moved forward cautiously , feeling out my new body on my own . 
 the last time , i 'd been in shock and she had taken over , so it was my first time . 
 i crept out of the ring of trees . 
 rourke stood fifty paces from me , watching me intently . 
 i ran . 
 i raced toward the creek , where the smell of sweet water beckoned me like a tinkling bell . 
 i was hungry and thirsty . 
 once i got there and took my fill , i followed it to the end , picking over rocks and boulders , taking time to explore my new form . 
 my wolf was patient with me , even though i knew she wanted to run and hunt . 
 i settled us on a big boulder at the edge of a small waterfall , the cliff sheering off below us . 
 i did n't want to think about rourke , but he 'd been the only thing occupying my mind . 
 my wolf flashed me a picture . 
 it was the same one she 'd shown me before of rourke towering over me , us biting and licking his chin . 
 i know that already ! 
 but we need to talk to our alpha right n - jessica ! 
 my father 's voice came screaming into my consciousness . 
 can you hear me ? 
 damn it , answer me ! 
 jessica ! 
 i sprang up so quickly i stumbled back , almost losing my balance and tumbling off the rock . 
 i had to use all my faculties not to plunge over the waterfall . 
 dad ? 
 dad ! 
 i 'm here ! 
 i can hear you ! 
 there was a pause . 
 jessica , are you in your wolf form ? 
 yes . 
 your full wolf form ? 
 yes , i just shifted . 
 are you in danger right now ? 
 jessica , answer me quickly ! 
 no . 
 i looked around me , but there was nothing but woods . 
 at least not anything immediate . 
 i 'm somewhere in the ozarks , at a cabin up in the mountains . 
 we lost the southern wolves for the time being , but i 'm certain they 'll find us soon . 
 we have , at rourke 's best guess , till morning . 
 i felt my father 's mind shift as he said something to someone else ; it was like being on hold during a phone call when you heard murmuring in the background . 
 we 're on the road somewhere in missouri . 
 tyler saw you get on the highway and we followed as soon as we could . 
 there was another brief interruption . 
 i waited patiently . 
 jessica , listen to me , there 's something else going on here . 
 when you left with rourke , the southern faction pulled out of the fight immediately . 
 and when i say that , i mean , to a wolf they abandoned the fight . 
 they had several u-hauls , and they came around quickly , gathering up their wolves midfight . 
 never in my life have i ever left a fight , and i 've certainly never seen any other wolf do it either , especially during a war . 
 we stay and fight , it 's our instinct to do so . 
 if they left , does that mean no one on our side was hurt ? 
 i was anxious to know if everyone was okay . 
 i felt a heavy burden on my shoulders , thinking there was a possibility wolves could 've lost their lives because of me . 
 especially anyone i loved . 
 i heard what amounted to a scoff in my head . 
 we 're fine , do n't worry about us . 
 danny got a few bones broken and it pissed him off , and some of the younger wolves have some bumps and bruises , but there were no major losses . 
 i was relieved . 
 is tyler with you ? 
 yes , he and ten others . 
 the rest are going to rendezvous with us once we pick you up . 
 i do n't know how you 're going to find me . 
 we crossed a small river with a sulfur stream and we hiked up a steep slope all day . 
 you 're going to have to follow our stinky trail . 
 i can change back and ask rour - jessica , i will find you . 
 i can promise you that . 
 there 's nothing on this planet that will keep me from finding you-but you have to listen to me closely now . 
 intensity stressed his words . 
 my blood jumped , reacting to his emotion . 
 i 'm listening . 
 the implication of the southern wolves changing their tactics and pulling out is extremely serious . 
 it means they 're working with another sect , maybe even more than one . 
 there 's something going on here that we do n't fully understand yet . 
 and it 's highly organized , jessica . 
 i 've been a fool not to think something like this was n't a possibility . 
 his regret flowed though me . 
 i 'll be sorry until the day i die , but i promise i will make amends to you . 
 i swear it on my very life . 
 my heart thudded in my chest . 
 i wanted to be with my pack , to alleviate my father 's worry . 
 i can leave now , try to meet you through the forest . 
 i can try to find my way out in my wolf form . 
 or rourke may be able to guide me there if he 's willing . 
 my father stilled . 
 has rourke told you anything ? 
 has he told you who sent him ? 
 or why ? 
 no , he only hinted they were `` very '' interested in me . 
 jessica , he can not be trusted . 
 he 's a great warrior , one of the best i 've ever seen , and i will owe him a life debt for getting you out of the fight , but he is not one of us . 
 he is not pack . 
 if he 's led you into a trap by bringing you there ... he 's also a dead man . 
 the thought of rourke dead choked me . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 jessica ? 
 do you hear me ? 
 i shook myself . 
 yes , i hear you . 
 now was not the time or the place to explain what had happened between rourke and me . 
 that would have to wait . 
 i do n't think i 'm in any danger from rourke , as of right now , i said carefully . 
 he 's been on the level as much as he can be . 
 when i change back , i 'll try to get more information . 
 he may be willing to share more with me now . 
 jessica , i think we 're close to the point where you entered the mountains . 
 tyler is reading the map as we speak and the base of the ozarks is roughly a twenty-minute drive from where we are . 
 if you climbed all day , we can make it in a fraction of that time . 
 we have your scent . 
 we 'll find you soon . 
 i can change back into my wolf form after i talk to rourke . 
 i can be waiting and ready in an hour . 
 that should give you enough time to find my trail . 
 heavy emotion pulsed in my blood . 
 there was something my father was n't telling me , and it weighed heavily on him . 
 then he spoke . 
 jessica , the southern faction is ahead of us . 
 it took us some time to round up our wolves and get organized . 
 there 's a strong possibility ... they will make it to you before we do . 
 but they do n't know where to go , and you do , i told him with a confidence belying my feelings . 
 it does n't matter . 
 if they 're working with another group of supernaturals , it 's possible they have information we do n't . 
 and they have your scent . 
 they could be working with anyone : witches or demons or any of the goddamn sects , very likely the same one who hired the cat . 
 a string of angry curses tumbled around in my brain . 
 you have to arm yourself . 
 right now . 
 change back and get yourself somewhere safe . 
 do n't stay in the open . 
 go someplace unpredictable . 
 start moving . 
 we 'll find you . 
 i 'm heading back right now . 
 we 'll leave as soon as i shift back . 
 when we draw closer , your link with your brother should be intact . 
 just get yourself to a safe place . 
 my body tingled , the blood order searing through my veins , solidifying . 
 i 'm leaving now . 
 i 'll see you soon . 
 i told him . 
 i love you , jessica . 
 i love you too . 
 i jumped off the rock . 
 okay , this is going to be all you . 
 i shifted control over to my wolf on a thought and she took off , picking up our pace , speeding through the forest . 
 it was exhilarating-a feeling so pure and free , i 'd never experienced anything like it . 
 for the very first time since my change , i finally felt like the animal i 'd become . 
 it was wonderful . 
 she skillfully bounded over and through obstacles like she was a part of the natural flow and of the woods . 
 she managed to snag food for us on the way , not even needing to slow in order to hunt . 
 never in my life did i think i 'd enjoy the taste of squirrel , but it was actually delicious . 
 at this point , anything would 've tasted good . 
 if i 'd thought my hunger had been annoying in my human form , it was nothing compared to the empty , gnawing feeling in my wolf form . 
 we bounded back toward the cathedral of trees . 
 rourke was there now . 
 i could smell him , his powerful scent concentrated inside the tree line . 
 even though it mixed with the pungent smell of sulfur , which was much more sensitive to me in this form , i could 've found him blindfolded . 
 i needed to tell him a threat was coming sooner than we 'd expected . 
 i still did n't know who had hired him and what was going on , but he 'd taken the job before either of us knew there were going to be ... personal complications . 
 i wondered for a moment how all this would play out , where the loyalties would fall . 
 at the edge of the trees , i shifted gears and took control from my wolf . 
 she relinquished without a fight , satisfied with her run , both of us becoming more at ease in our roles . 
 the barrier still stood in my mind , and she was indeed behind it , but i knew there would be a time when it came down for good . 
 i peered through the darkness , searching for him as i padded into the cathedral . 
 he leaned against a tree , staring at us carefully , not moving . 
 the vibration of his power enveloped me , calling to me like no other . 
 he was strong . 
 a warrior of his kind . 
 and he was here , waiting . 
 for me . 
 i felt his gaze on me as i lay down , finding the spot where i 'd made my first shift . 
 i closed my eyes and shifted back . 
 it was a smooth transition , with little pain . 
 when it was over , i pulled on my clothing and stood . 
 he walked to the edge of the grass . 
 `` jessica . '' 
 i strode toward him , my eyes flashing violet as they connected with his . 
 he returned my stare , his irises igniting . 
 `` they 're com - '' '' - i need to touch you and know you 're all right . '' 
 he reached for me , leaning down to take me into his arms . 
 it felt right to be in them , my hands immediately tracing around his neck , cupping his back . 
 my body had missed his , craved his taste , even though we 'd been separated only a short time . 
 his mouth seared mine . 
 images of licking and tasting him , caressing his smooth skin , wrapping my legs around him , and being filled by him shot into my mind . 
 i dragged my nails along his collarbone , luxuriating in his incredible strength . 
 his taste was a trigger , it fed me . 
 it also made me lose coherent thoughts . 
 i understood now about our saliva , but it was n't just intoxicating to humans-it was our identifier . 
 what his body produced was meant for me , and me alone . 
 mine was meant for him . 
 it took just one kiss . 
 i had to sever the connection . 
 `` rourke ... just wait . '' 
 i tried to push him backward , but did n't succeed . 
 `` i want to do this ... i do . '' 
 he stilled at my words . 
 `` but we ca n't right now . '' 
 i glanced up at him , trying to blink away the haze that filled my brain , tried to force my eyes back to normal . 
 `` we ca n't do this now ... at least not right here ... i mean ... '' i stammered . 
 his lips were on mine again , hot and soft . 
 they tasted like sweet cinnamon mixed with molasses . 
 `` you 're mine , '' he murmured into my mouth . 
 my fingers threaded into his thick hair , my arms brushing against his stubble . 
 my fingers pulsed as they twined through his locks . 
 i grabbed a fistful tightly . 
 mine . 
 he locked me firmly to him , every contour of my body touching his . 
 his hands splayed tightly across my back and my ass , his arms around me like a clamp . 
 no , no , no . 
 we have to get out of here . 
 help me stop this . 
 i pulled back again , this time i pinned my forehead to his chest . 
 `` listen ! '' 
 i drummed my fists on him . 
 `` stop kissing me , i need to tell you something ! '' 
 i was definitely intoxicated with whatever he was giving me . 
 i shook myself . 
 rourke strongly opposed in the form of a snarled growl as his arms locked around me again . 
 `` jessica . '' 
 his tone was low , feral , and hot . 
 `` rourke ! '' 
 i stepped away from him with effort . 
 he let me go this time . 
 `` i need you to listen right now . 
 i just talked to my father and we 're in more danger than we thought . 
 not tomorrow or the next day , but right now . 
 we need to arm up and get the hell away from here . 
 he said - '' rourke 's demeanor shifted instantaneously . 
 his reflexes went from relaxed to tense ; he took one step forward and cupped his hand around the back of my neck , angling my head softly until i met his gaze squarely . 
 his irises glittered fiercely . 
 `` jessica , what else did he say ? '' 
 mine . 
 i blinked . 
 `` he said they were close to the river , but the southern faction is ahead of them . '' 
 he cursed and broke away from me , turning in a slow circle . 
 `` that 's not all . '' 
 his eyes pinned me . 
 as a predator he took my breath away . 
 hairs stood on end as his face transformed into something hard . 
 `` my father 's convinced they 're working with another supernatural sect . 
 he said the wolves voluntarily surrendered the fight after we left . 
 he said he 's never seen a wolf leave a fight in his entire life . 
 whoever is pulling the strings is very well organized . '' 
 rourke grabbed my hand and ran with me out of the trees . 
 `` we need to get our stuff from the cabin and leave right now . 
 there 's a cave about four miles from here where i have additional weapons stashed . 
 we 'll arm ourselves , and then we 'll make our way out of the forest to meet your father . '' 
 `` rourke . '' 
 i stopped , dragging him back , trying to accurately read his urgency . 
 `` what do you know about this ? 
 do you know who the southern wolves are working with ? 
 who else is after me ? '' 
 panic brewed just below the surface . 
 my wolf let out a low growl . 
 having our mate betray us was not a good way to start off this relationship . 
 he let go of me and turned , raking both hands through his hair . 
 not a good sign . 
 `` i 'm not sure , but i have an idea . 
 but i swear to you , this was n't the plan . '' 
 i stayed silent , my mind racing . 
 his hands sought my body again , his fingers tightening around my forearms . 
 `` jessica , you have to believe me . 
 i did n't lure you up here to trap you . 
 i had no idea you were my mate when all this began . '' 
 his eyes were fierce . 
 `` say you believe me . 
 please . '' 
 `` i ... i ... '' i wanted to say it . 
 `` jessica ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` i did n't bring you here to trap you ! 
 i brought you here because it was the best place i could think of to keep you safe until i ... i mean we ... could figure everything out . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said , moving around him to start toward the cabin . 
 `` i get what you 're saying . 
 but if you do n't mind i 'd like to reserve my judgmen - '' `` jessica , please . '' 
 he ran a hand over his mouth , his eyes pleading . 
 `` you have to listen - '' suddenly there was a shout in the distance , followed by something that sounded close to a whoosh , followed by more whooshing sounds . 
 rourke eclipsed me and grabbed my hand , racing us toward the cabin . 
 the only place where we had any weapons . 
 `` rourke ! '' 
 i shouted as i ran . 
 `` what 's coming ? 
 what the f ** k is going on ? '' 
 he slid to a halt so suddenly i crashed into his back . 
 i righted myself , but his hands were gripped on to mine so painfully , i 'd lost blood flow . 
 he 'd stopped right at the edge of the clearing . 
 i peered around his shoulder , his stress and fear radiating into me in angry currents . 
 my wolf reacted to him , barking and growling . 
 if rourke was stressed , i knew i was n't going to like what i saw . 
 i gasped . 
 creeping into the clearing from all around us were unfamiliar wolves , still in their human form , snarling , moving slowly , eyes pulsing yellow , each one on the cusp of change . 
 all of them with clear intent to harm . 
 but that was n't what got my attention . 
 five shrouded figures in dark capes stood in the middle of the yard like they were frozen in time . 
 even though it was full night , and they were all wearing black , they gleamed oddly in the moonlight , somehow reflecting the very darkness around them . 
 one of the hooded figures glided toward us . 
 it did n't seem to touch the ground . 
 `` rourke , '' it hissed as stark white hands slowly drew its hood back to reveal a shockingly beautiful face , seemingly carved out of ivory and bone , the edges too defined to appear normal in any realm . 
 its two eyes glowed like wet mercury as they pierced the darkness for the first time . 
 `` the queen is very unhappy with you , '' it tsked as it opened its mouth to reveal two of the longest canines i 'd ever seen-which was saying something . 
 its smile filled me with horror and loathing , its mouth twisted at an odd , unnatural angle . 
 `` you were supposed to deliver the female werewolf to us yesterday . 
 you 've been a very bad boy . '' 
 vampires . 
 21 `` that was n't the deal , valdov , '' rourke snarled . 
 `` you know it as well as your queen . 
 my job was to extract information only . 
 it never involved kidnapping or delivery . '' 
 pain shot though my fingers as rourke 's grip on my hand tightened to the point of breakage . 
 his muscles began to pulse underneath his forearms in a dangerous way . 
 i frantically searched my inner database for what i knew about vampires , which was n't a whole helluva lot . 
 i knew about as much as the rest of the supe community-that the vamps operated out of one large coven headquartered in both new orleans and france . 
 it 'd been ruled for the better part of four hundred years by the powerful queen eudoxia , rumored to be sired by ivan the terrible . 
 vampires , as a rule were reclusive , powerful , and ridiculously dangerous . 
 they had a long , sordid history of cruelty , but since they conveniently viewed themselves as entirely above the caste system of all supernaturals , they tended to keep to themselves . 
 which was lucky for us on all counts . 
 needless to say , vampires had never needed any help from hannon and michaels to solve their problems-and although my father had fought them on and off over the past few centuries , usually because one of theirs picked a fight with one of ours , i 'd never seen one up close . 
 technically , as a lowly wolf shifter in their eyes , i should be well beneath their notice . 
 they had no use for other sects . 
 i had no idea what they wanted with me , and the fact that they 'd obviously hired rourke , and already knew of my change , was nothing short of terrifying . 
 `` ah , ah , rourke , our agreement '' - valdov steepled his fingertips together in front of his icy visage - `` was for you to gather information for us by whatever means necessary . 
 of course , necessary clearly implied bringing the girl to us if you were ... shall we say ... unsuccessful in your quest . '' 
 valdov peered over his pointy nails at us , his steady mercurial stare completely unnerving . 
 `` and it seems ... your quest has indeed been waylaid ... by what is this ... '' he lifted his perfectly chiseled face , stonelike and eerie in its careful definition , into the air and inhaled an exaggerated breath . 
 `` ahh , '' he exhaled as he leveled his gaze fully back on us . '' 
 ... lust , is it ? '' 
 rourke vibrated with power . 
 it licked at me , wrapping me in its tendrils . 
 `` i 'm doing my job just fine , valdov , '' rourke said . 
 `` i 'm doing exactly what you paid me to do , and nothing more . 
 you 'll have all the information you need as soon as i have it . 
 and make no mistake , i will get it . 
 so you can go ahead and scurry back to your queen like the lapdog you are , and you can tell her to go f ** k herself if she tries to change the rules on me halfway through a valid contract . '' 
 valdov hissed at rourke , a deep visceral sound that made my skin itch . 
 then , right before our eyes , valdov 's features began to shift and change . 
 i watched in horror as his lips slowly peeled away from his mouth and his canines grew longer and sharper , dropping well past his bottom lip . 
 his face elongated , impossibly stretching , his cheeks receding inward as his chin dipped downward . 
 it looked like his skin was going to slide completely off his face . 
 holy horror show . 
 then , as the final gruesome capper , his eyes bled to full black , leaving no trace of white showing at all . 
 then a wave of his anger hit me . 
 i shrank against it as it pummeled me with a taste of magic i 'd never experienced before . 
 this vampire was ancient , and his powers were completely off the charts . 
 my wolf sprang at him inside my head , snarling and gnashing her teeth . 
 my muscles started to jump and twist as the adrenaline she fed me charged its way through my bloodstream . 
 i had to rein her in quickly or we 'd be dead before this fight started . 
 hey , i know you 're itching to fight creepy here , and i want to too , but we ca n't take him and all his cronies at once , so you 're going to have to cool it down . 
 she snarled at me , her teeth flashing , showing me an image of us sinking our teeth into his bone-white neck . 
 even if we managed to take out the vampires with rourke 's help , we still have the southern wolves to deal with , remember ? 
 if we attack now we lose . 
 get it ? 
 we need a better plan , one that does n't include going balls out on a horde of powerful supernaturals . 
 just give me a minute . 
 she barked loudly but backed off , her frustration echoing around me in angry waves . 
 rourke squeezed my hand in warning , acknowledging my sudden influx of power . 
 i took it to heart . 
 we were going to have to wait this out as long as we could . 
 if anything , i hoped we 'd be able to outrun them somewhere in the mountains . 
 angry southern wolves mixed with scary vampires did not tip the odds in our favor . 
 valdov gained control of himself with effort , obviously having a change of heart about tearing rourke 's neck out . 
 as he organized his features back into place , he flashed us a wretched smile . 
 locking his gaze on rourke , he managed , `` it looks as though we will no longer be needing your ... assistance after all . '' 
 he drew out his esses like a serpent . 
 `` you may consider your contract with us null and void from this moment on . 
 you will be paid in full , of course , but we will take the girl now and you can go back to your den , or wherever it is you slink off to . '' 
 he gestured breezily with his dead hand , like he was flicking away an irritant . 
 `` now run along before i change my mind and decide to kill you just because i can . '' 
 `` that 's not going to work for me , valdov , '' rourke said . 
 `` i 'll tear your head off your shoulders if you take so much as one step closer . 
 you do n't have the authority to dismiss me that easily , and you know it . '' 
 rourke 's voice went eerily calm then , dangerous and cutting in its intent . 
 `` if you lay one dead finger on her you will be begging me to end your life . 
 do you understand ? 
 you will beg me . '' 
 the energy in the clearing jumped at rourke 's words . 
 the wolves had slunk in closer , forming a ring around us . 
 they chattered and growled , riled at the prospect of a good fight . 
 valdov did n't seem cowed in the least . 
 instead , he shifted his beady little stare to me , cocking his head like a bird . 
 `` my , my , my , what do we have here ? '' 
 a grim smile played on his face as he clapped his hands together . 
 `` and here i thought it was only your constant need to rut ! 
 my queen will be ever so interested in this new development . 
 come out and play , little werewolf , '' he addressed me directly . 
 `` or are you too frightened by what you see standing before you ? '' 
 when i did n't respond , he shook his head in mock sympathy . 
 `` it 's too bad your daddy is so very far away , is n't it , little werewolf ? 
 it 's such a shame he could n't be here in time to catch all the fun . '' 
 he was challenging me . 
 i could n't shrink away from it , even if my very human side wanted to flee . 
 if i let myself appear weak , it would hurt me in the long run , plus it was n't something i could do-my wolf would n't do . 
 she now resembled a raging lunatic on a short leash , snarling , gnashing her teeth , rearing her legs up . 
 i squared my shoulders and pried my hand from rourke 's grasp with great difficulty , since he was n't interested in letting me go anywhere near valdov . 
 i disengaged and stepped forward . 
 rourke growled , a low , steady sound full of menace and hatred . 
 i stared valdov straight in the eye , and in the strongest voice i could muster , i said , `` the last time i needed my daddy 's help was when i was seven , valdov . 
 and just so we 're clear , i prefer to dirty my own hands . 
 so whatever you think you 've got , feel free to bring it now . 
 i 'm not scared of you . '' 
 i ended with a smile , flashing full white teeth , my wolf 's warning to stay the hell back or there would be trouble . 
 right as i uttered the last words of my pretty speech , my body surged with power . 
 my wolf 's idea of backup . 
 she fed me just enough juice to send a rough pulse through me , but not enough to start anything moving . 
 perfect . 
 she barked . 
 valdov inhaled again , closing his eyes in some kind of awful ecstasy , ignoring my bravado completely . 
 `` ahhhh , such raw power , little werewolf , '' he breathed . 
 then his eyes snapped open , cunning and superiority written all over his face . 
 `` unfortunately , it wo n't be enough to withstand all of us , poor female , no matter how dirty ... you manage to get yourself . 
 however entertaining that might be to witness , we will regretfully have to decline this time . '' 
 i was about to tell him exactly how much dirt i was willing to shovel down his throat when he snapped his fingers , and almost immediately a figure stepped from the deep shadows across the clearing . 
 as it traipsed forward , i realized it was a woman . 
 she had long , flowing red hair , and as she sauntered confidently to us , her tresses danced wildly behind her like she was caught in a wind machine i could n't see . 
 she was outfitted head-to-toe in black leather . 
 a short cropped jacket covered a skintight bustier , hugging her tiny waist so completely it was a wonder she could breathe . 
 both the jacket and corset were studded with sharp , angry metal spikes . 
 the whole ensemble was accompanied by a pair of extremely tight , hip-hugging leather pants that stopped just below her belly button . 
 over the pants were thigh-high black boots . 
 she also had what appeared to be a bullwhip attached to her hip . 
 geez , now i knew who was in charge of bringing sexy back . 
 the mystery woman laughed as she drew near . 
 `` did you miss me , my sweet ? 
 it 's been entirely too long since our last rendezvous , do n't you agree , rourke ? '' 
 i tore my gaze from her as rourke lunged at valdov . 
 he stopped himself a foot shy of the vampire , who had n't even so much as blinked at rourke 's sudden reaction . 
 `` how dare you bring her into my woods , vampire , '' rourke raged . 
 `` we all know you are a weakling , forever hiding beneath the folds of your queen 's skirts , but hiring werewolves and witches to do your bidding ? 
 that is a new low , valdov , even for a vampire rat like you . '' 
 the witch in question , because she obviously was n't a shifter , seemed bored . 
 she picked at her nails as she planted her feet directly in front of both the angry vampire and a molten rourke . 
 when she was firmly rooted into place , she placed her hands on her hips and drummed her fingers against her teensy studded waist . 
 she was absolutely stunning . 
 what a total bitch . 
 i ca n't wait to wipe that insipid smile right off her lips . 
 my wolf snarled in agreement . 
 she was flawless , like a porcelain doll , complete with a set of perfectly pouty heart-shaped lips and high , rounded cheekbones . 
 leaning forward , she purred into rourke 's ear , `` i 'm a sorceress , not a witch , darling . 
 but you already knew that , did n't you ? 
 did you miss me ? '' 
 when he kept his eyes fastened on valdov , she seemed mildly put out . 
 `` i do n't work for vamps , '' she spat . 
 `` but , my dear , i would n't have missed this party for the world-and you know how i love a good party . 
 and if the queen wants to part with a few trinkets in the end , who am i to challenge her generosity ? '' 
 rourke did n't so much as breathe in her direction . 
 it was a damn good thing , because if he had my wolf would 've thrown down all over her perfect tiny ass . 
 the witch brought her hand to rourke 's face , her dark red nails flashing as she slowly caressed the back of her knuckles down his cheek . 
 `` what 's the matter , kitten ? 
 wolf got your tongue ? '' 
 she laughed , a perfectly pitched voice tinkling like bells on a hot summer night . 
 my wolf surged in me so fiercely , my claws formed to vicious points and my incisors dropped instantly . 
 i managed to hold her back before it went any further , but only because rourke still had n't responded . 
 just wait ! 
 we ca n't do this yet ! 
 if i freed my wolf , the whole yard would go ballistic and we would likely die . 
 we were going to have to shift at some point , but it had to be exactly right . 
 we still have to assess the situation . 
 we do n't know what that witch is capable of , but i 'm sure it 's something terrible , because rourke is wary of her . 
 maybe if we stall long enough backup will arrive . 
 i knew that was wishful thinking . 
 `` daddy '' and his band of werewolves would clearly be our ace in the hole tonight . 
 my wolf snapped the air repeatedly , throwing me a graphic picture of her teeth sinking into the sorceress 's hands , the same ones that had just traced down our mate 's face , and ripping them apart . 
 right on , but let 's hold on to that thought for just a few more minutes . 
 she snarled her answer , clearly not on my side of the waiting game . 
 she did have a point . 
 every molecule in my being detested that red-haired bitch on sight , even before she 'd approached , and seemed to know , my mate . 
 now i wanted to kill her and watch her die a slow , painful death . 
 mine . 
 rourke 's body trembled with rage . 
 his scent was so strong and menacing a few of the wolves in the clearing took a step back . 
 `` selene , '' he snarled . 
 `` i will give you five minutes to get out of my sight . 
 you made a grave mistake coming here tonight and aligning yourself with the vampires . 
 if you do n't leave right now , i will kill you this time . 
 i swear it . '' 
 this time ? 
 selene ? 
 the lunar goddess ? 
 the grand patron of magic and witchcraft ? 
 surely he was n't talking about that selene . 
 `` oh , rourke , do n't be such a party pooper . '' 
 she snickered . 
 `` i 'm not only going to stick around , but i 'm going to enjoy this little show more than anything i 've done over the last ... um ... millennium ... and that includes you , lover . '' 
 she tapped the edge of her fingernail into his chest . 
 rourke was a statue . 
 he did n't move a muscle , or even pretend to look her way . 
 he 's not paying attention to her . 
 calm down . 
 we 'll bite her fingers off soon . 
 selene 's voice changed to a shrill . 
 `` did you really think i would ignore what you did to me ? 
 let you just go about your business without some sort of revenge ? '' 
 she leaned in close , her anger searing . 
 `` listen to me when i say this , rourke . 
 this time it will be you who will pay . 
 and i 'm planning to start with this little wench over here . '' 
 she nodded frivolously at me like i was nobody . 
 `` then i 'll move on to bigger and better things . '' 
 her irises sparked red to match her hair , naturally . 
 `` i swear it . '' 
 my hackles rose and i growled without any aid from my wolf . 
 was she kidding ? 
 the tension in the air had become unbearable . 
 steady , i told my wolf . 
 only a few more seconds . 
 my blood danced in anticipation . 
 then we 'll rip her goddamn heart out . 
 `` ahem , '' valdov broke in . 
 `` i do hate to break up this charming little reunion , but we must be off . 
 the sun will be rising and my queen is anxiously awaiting our return . '' 
 he turned toward selene . 
 `` get on with the binding then , witch , and we 'll leave you the cat for your troubles . '' 
 `` i 'm not a witch , you filthy bloodsucker , i 'm a goddess . '' 
 she glared , her irises a pure , fiery red now . 
 `` goddess of the moon , to be exact . 
 or if you prefer , a powerful sorceress of enchantment . 
 take your pick . 
 but i am most certainly not a witch . '' 
 it was valdov 's turn to look bored . 
 he flicked his wrist at her . 
 `` just get on with it . '' 
 she sneered at him , raising her hands . 
 a low chanting erupted from her lips and her fingertips began to glow . 
 christ , the plan was to have the sorceress bind me ? 
 so the vamps could whisk me away to hell knows where ? 
 i do n't think so , dollface . 
 but before i could react , rourke roared , whipping his powerful leg around , striking selene squarely in the chest with the force of a mack truck . 
 at the same time , he swiped his curved hand , full of claws , at valdov 's throat , just missing the vampire by a millimeter as he slid out of the way . 
 selene flew into the darkness with a satisfying crash . 
 it would be wishful thinking that she 'd somehow find her true death on the side of a boulder , but it was fun to hope . 
 she 'd likely return unscathed within moments , no doubt terrifying us with her scorn . 
 rourke had effectively stopped her spell in its tracks , however , which had been his intention . 
 but there were plenty more spells where that came from . 
 we were going to have to work fast to eliminate the vampires and exit this mad scene before the wolves shifted and the porcelain doll from hell shook off her injuries . 
 `` now you 're going to pay with your sorry little life , valdov . '' 
 rourke sprang at the vampire , catching hold of his cape before he could escape . 
 the wolves around us howled in unison and dropped to the forest floor to make their change . 
 now . 
 my wolf responded in a rush of delicious power , adrenaline shooting like a fire hydrant through my veins . 
 my wolf was ready and my partial change into my lycan form was almost instantaneous . 
 my muscles transformed into a thick , hard mass coated with smoky fur . 
 my throat issued a deep snarl and i stood taller within seconds . 
 my muzzle expanded to accommodate my canines . 
 i focused on rourke . 
 the fight between him and valdov was happening so fast i could barely track it , even in my new , enhanced form . 
 the other vamps stood off to the side , still cloaked , watching valdov with seemingly little interest . 
 they did n't appear anxious to join the party . 
 i stalked forward , keeping an eye out for selene . 
 i was in the mood to do some damage , and my plan was to start with the vamps , even if they had n't joined in yet . 
 the wolves would be up in a few moments , and rourke and i would need to be free of the vamps before we could fight the wolves and have a chance to get away . 
 i was almost to the group , who did n't even seem to notice my advance , when a figure barreled out of the trees . 
 it buzzed straight toward me with menace and it was n't selene . 
 it was a werewolf in human form , and the anger coming ahead of him was intense . 
 it only took me an instant more to recognize him . 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 traitor . 
 my wolf howled . 
 i could taste his hate as he approached . 
 it was dry and rancid , like something dead . 
 my wolf danced in a rage . 
 there was nothing a werewolf abhorred more than a loss of honor . 
 i called to him as he came forward , my vocal cords rough but audible . 
 `` well , well , i guess i 'm not surprised to see you here . 
 you 've always detested me , so i guess it makes sense . 
 do you like what you see , stuart ? '' 
 i snarled , delighted as he gave me pause , his eyes widening a flicker before he recovered . 
 `` you filthy piece of shit , '' i growled . 
 `` you 're lucky my father 's not here to rip your sorry head from your shoulders . 
 he 'd make damn sure you understood the depth of your betrayal . '' 
 i grinned , flashing him my new , lengthy canines . 
 `` but lucky you , you get me instead . '' 
 stuart lauder , son of hank , looked at me , his furor bubbling over . 
 `` you 're an abomination , '' he foamed . 
 `` a blight on the great race of werewolves . 
 you 've always been a freak , and it was just a matter of time before you brought the whole race down . 
 i 'm not about to let that happen . 
 i chose to take a stand . 
 not even my father was brave enough to stand up , but i am . '' 
 he spat on the ground . 
 `` the old generation was content to wait , sitting on their asses with their thumbs in their mouths , until you finally ended us . 
 but the next generation of wolves are n't going to sit back and take it . 
 we 're ready to rise up and fight as one united pack , one force . 
 we 're not going to wait around until it 's too f ** king late and you destroy us all . '' 
 he halted a few paces from me , his yellow eyes firing , brown fur sprouting along his forearms . 
 `` stuart , this is your war , not mine . 
 you 're bringing the race down by pitting wolves against each other because of your own stupid fear . 
 it has nothing to do with me . 
 i 'm not a threat to any wolf . 
 and do you honestly think our pack-excuse me , my pack-isn ' t going to win ? 
 the southern wolves are no match in strength to us . 
 they never have been . 
 you picked the losing side , ass ** le . '' 
 i liked the sound of my voice ; it sounded tough , like i ate rocks for breakfast . 
 `` the northern territories are stronger , and we will remain strong . 
 there 's no contest . 
 you are going to die for absolutely nothing , not that i give a shit , mind you , i 'm just pointing out the facts . '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` these are n't the southern wolves , you dog bitch in heat , these are the new order wolves . '' 
 not the southern wolves ? 
 who the hell are the new order wolves ? 
 i tried to process what he said . 
 stuart laughed at my confusion . 
 `` that 's right , we are the new order of things . 
 the wolves you see before you have gathered from all over the world to unite as one pack . 
 and we will dominate , make no mistake about it . 
 we are stronger , and when the dust settles all the other wolves who were n't brave enough to join us before will be forced to join us , or die , '' he proclaimed . 
 `` the old generation is officially over and the new generation has begun . 
 we hold the power . '' 
 `` the power to pimp yourselves out to the vamps and witches , you mean ? 
 you 're delusional , '' i replied . 
 `` do the newbies enjoy playing backup to the creatures of the night ? 
 or do they prefer the role of pandering seeing-eye dog to the witches ? '' 
 he gave me a wicked smile , his incisors growing longer by the second . 
 `` the new order will do whatever it takes to get the job done . '' 
 he jumped . 
 i swatted him away like a fly . 
 he rolled several feet and was back up . 
 `` you mistake my femininity for weakness , stuart . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` now get over here , you slimy piece of shit , and fight me like a wolf ... excuse me , an oh so powerful new order wolf . '' 
 even though he pulsed with the change , he would be incapacitated for a few precious moments if he chose to shift . 
 more than enough time for me to kill him , and we both knew it . 
 he circled me slowly . 
 `` you 're not stronger than me . 
 i can fight you in my human form just fine . '' 
 `` suit yourself , ass ** le . '' 
 i lashed at him , my claws tearing right through his shirt , drawing thick dark furrows of blood . 
 `` looks like you 're going to get cut . 
 or do the new kids on the block need to put on their chest protectors before they fight ? '' 
 loathing filled his eyes . 
 `` i do n't need any protection from you . 
 i could kill you with one hand tied behind my back . '' 
 `` let 's find out . '' 
 i beckoned him with a curl of my claw . 
 he sprang . 
 we went a few rounds , him managing to land an occasional blow and me making sure it hurt on the return . 
 the wolves had begun to finish their shifts and stalked around us , forming a tight circle . 
 i was surprised they had n't jumped into the fray , but i was thankful . 
 stuart was quick and played dirty and he was stronger than any human , but it was almost too easy for me . 
 my wolf hung back in my mind , leaving me to fight since he had n't shifted . 
 but she did let me know with a rousing bark when i landed a particularly good shot . 
 he stumbled backward again as i landed another powerful blow to his chest . 
 `` had enough yet , stuart ? 
 or would you like to take a little break ? '' 
 i taunted . 
 he bled profusely from his face and chest . 
 the wolves around us snarled in earnest , snapping their jaws and rending the air in their impatience . 
 the scent of their combined aggression threatened to short-circuit me a few times , but my wolf parceled the scents away as quickly as she could , saving me from complete overload . 
 getting used to this scent thing was crazy intense . 
 the entire time i 'd been tussling with stuart , rourke fought a snickering valdov . 
 the vampire moved too quickly , and was proving hard to catch . 
 rourke bellowed as he threw the vampire to the ground , only to have him pop up again in a new spot laughing it off . 
 i needed to tie this up with stuart quickly , because it was going to take both of us to finish off valdov-if that was even possible . 
 then we had the other vamps to contend with , but so far none of the other cloaked wonders had joined the melee . 
 they stood off to the side watching . 
 i had no idea why , but i hoped it was n't because they were so powerful this fight looked like a romper room brawl . 
 they must be following orders of some kind . 
 i was n't going to stop fighting . 
 wolves did n't go down without a fight . 
 our instinct to win was ingrained too deeply . 
 when stuart stopped , i responded , `` what 's the matter , stuart ? 
 not willing to die for your new cause ? '' 
 blood dripped from a gash on his forehead into his eye . 
 he swiped it away with the back of his hand . 
 `` you 're the one who 's gon na die , bitch . 
 even if you manage to take me down , these wolves here are going to rip you to shreds . '' 
 to emphasize his point , several of the wolves snapped their teeth in agreement . 
 it 'd actually been a miracle they had n't joined in thus far . 
 the smell of blood and fear was a fuse to the powder-keg trigger of their base instincts . 
 they must have had some military connection to their leadership , enough power to make sure they stayed in line . 
 either that or stuart had given them some previous command . 
 but either way , the wolves around us were staying put and i was n't going to argue . 
 `` are n't your new employers going to be pissed when your new order wolves tear me to pieces ? 
 i thought when you took on a job as the ` hired help ' you were supposed to honor your contract ? 
 oh , wait ... i 'm sorry , i said the word ` honor ' by accident . '' 
 i tried to even my tone for the last part , to make sure it hit home . 
 `` that word obviously has no meaning to you . '' 
 `` i have honor ! '' 
 he screamed , his lips curling in a feral way . 
 `` which is why i 'm going to enjoy killing you so much . 
 we do n't work for the vamps , you filthy slut , we struck a mutually beneficial alliance . 
 we just happened to get to you first . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` the queen will just have to deal with it . '' 
 he kicked out with his leg , landing a blow high to my thigh . 
 i rolled twice , the two wolves nearest me nipping and growling , and was up on my toes . 
 i circled stuart , trying to figure out the best move to end this quickly , when a soft flutter hit my brain . 
 it immediately intensified and i waited , circling more . 
 but nothing but dead space came through . 
 i pushed out . 
 dad ? 
 nothing . 
 i pushed out again . 
 tyler ? 
 jessica ! 
 thank gods ! 
 tyler screamed . 
 i 've been trying to get through for the last twenty minutes . 
 we 're almost to you ; we were a lot closer than i 'd thought . 
 your scent is all over the place down here , even with the f ** king sulfur shit plugging our noses . 
 we 've all changed already . 
 i can smell the goddamn southern wolves too . 
 i felt his energy and his speed as he ran . 
 my brother could run twice as fast as any other wolf . 
 he would be here in a moment . 
 tyler , the wolves are n't southe - i lost the connection as stuart leapt , my brain switching back to full fight mode , slamming the door on all other thoughts . 
 i gave a hoarse shout and threw my weight at stuart 's oncoming body . 
 we clashed in the middle . 
 he gave a strangled yell as my claws tore into his neck , slashing at his jugular . 
 i was more than ready to be done with him . 
 `` i 'm finished playing with you , stuart . 
 it 's time for you to die . '' 
 he staggered back , his hands grasping at his throat , trying in vain to stanch the wound . 
 his mouth moved but produced no sound . 
 `` it 's too bad you wo n't be here to see your new kids get annihilated . '' 
 i walked up to him as he fell to his knees . 
 `` yep , that 's right . 
 the northern wolves-my pack-are on their way up the hill right now . 
 these wolves here do n't stand a chance . 
 i do n't care where you dug them up from , they 're all going to die . '' 
 stuart clutched his neck with both hands , blood flowing freely down his shirt . 
 i crouched next to him . 
 `` was it worth it , stuart ? '' 
 i rasped . 
 `` was betraying your pack and everything you stood for worth an ending like this ? '' 
 something lit in his eyes and he dropped both hands to his sides , blood racing from his throat . 
 the side of his mouth went up in a half-crazed smile as he struggled to find words . 
 `` you ... ack ... are going to die ... bitch . '' 
 his teeth were stained a dark red . 
 he tried to laugh but fell short , instead he coughed up more blood . 
 `` you ... have no idea ... ack ... what 's ... waiting for you . 
 you are ... the true daughter of ... cain ... '' a slashed jugular was n't enough to kill him , but this would be . 
 with a scream , my wolf slid into the driver 's seat and my hand shot out like a lance . 
 she tore the rest of this throat out in one swift motion , spine and all . 
 he collapsed in a heap at my feet . 
 we were both so focused on the now dead stuart that neither of us processed the other snarls . 
 a roar of fury erupted . 
 `` jessica ! 
 fight ! '' 
 rourke raced toward me at full speed . 
 valdov stood just behind him wearing a wicked grin , seemingly no worse off than he 'd been before . 
 the wolves , who 'd crept in closer while i 'd watched stuart die , shifted their attention for a brief second on the new threat barreling straight at them . 
 a few of them turned , choosing their aggressor over their prey . 
 but most stayed completely focused on me . 
 this was going to be a pack attack . 
 the lesser wolves would wait for the most dominant to spring first , and then they would all gleefully join in the fun of tearing me to pieces . 
 rourke reached the first wolf in the circle , picked him up like he weighed nothing , and tossed him away like a bag of garbage . 
 he was moving toward another when a loud crashing noise sounded from the woods behind us . 
 the wolves halted their forward progression , lifting their heads in unison , scenting the new threat . 
 tyler launched himself into the clearing like a missile fired from a cannon . 
 he was beautifully powerful in his wolf form , and more than a foot taller than any of the wolves around us . 
 his face was set in a gruesome snarl , his eyes flashing with an eerie menace promising swift retribution . 
 there was a reason he was an unparalleled fighter . 
 few wolves were his equal . 
 by the change in scent around me , every one of them knew it too . 
 tyler tossed his head and gave a terrifying howl . 
 within moments , our other pack wolves returned his song . 
 by the sound of it , they were only a short distance away . 
 the cavalry had officially arrived . 
 the wolves around me snapped and snarled , furious at the sudden intrusion . 
 one of them lunged forward , his teeth latching on to my arm . 
 his fangs sank deeply into my flesh . 
 i 'd been half hoping they 'd all run with their tails between their legs when my brother had arrived in all his glory , but by the looks of the teeth embedded in my arm , they clearly were n't going to be easily swayed from their target . 
 i twisted my body , dragging the wolf along with me , my lycan form incredibly strong , grabbing on to its scruff with my other hand so my arm did n't get shredded , and flung it straight into another oncoming wolf who was vying for a piece of me . 
 my arm was torn and bleeding , but more sweet energy raced through me , dispelling the pain quickly . 
 my body rushed to fix the damage , and i was grateful . 
 rourke was three feet from me , fighting the other wolves in the circle . 
 `` is that all you got ? '' 
 he roared again as he grabbed another wolf by his throat , cracking its neck with more physical power than i 'd ever seen a supernatural being possess without changing . 
 `` you will not f ** k with me or mine ! 
 do you hear me ? '' 
 he shook the wolf and tossed it away . 
 i lowered my body into a fighting stance , putting my back to rourke 's . 
 a savage growl rent the air from somewhere above me and i tilted my head to catch tyler as he crashed down onto the pile of wolves in front of me , scattering them as effectively as if he 'd dropped a load of dy *** ite . 
 he grabbed the nearest one in his jaws and gave a powerful snap . 
 two wolves inched in around him , and advanced toward me intent on harm . 
 they saw their opportunity and they were n't going to miss it . 
 we got this , i told my wolf . 
 she happily agreed . 
 no need for the boys to have all the fun . 
 they both vaulted at the same time , springing in tandem . 
 i flicked the switch in my mind , handing the reins to my wolf . 
 she howled once and sent us to the ground , skillfully turning and lashing in a motion i could n't track in my human mind . 
 thank goodness , you 're in charge . 
 the two were back on us in a flurry of motion . 
 i shot my fists out , grabbing them both by the throats before they could sink their teeth into my neck . 
 my arms were strong-stronger than they should be-and i marveled for a moment . 
 this really should n't be this easy . 
 i was holding back two rabid wolves , one in each hand . 
 am i stronger than yesterday ? 
 no time to ponder . 
 before i could reposition myself , one of them flew backward out of my grasp . 
 it yelped once before its voice abruptly cut off . 
 a moment later the other went in the opposite direction . 
 i stared up to find a furious rourke , eyes so green they appeared like pools of glowing phosphorus . 
 he stared down at me , scanning my body for damage . 
 a thin coat of fur had erupted along his arms , and his nails were curled into sharp hooks , but other than that he had n't changed . 
 his control was astounding . 
 his muscles literally bounced under his skin as he reached down to pull me up . 
 i grabbed on to his extended hand and noticed the beautiful tattoos covering his forearms had melded perfectly into the patterns of his fur . 
 his eyes met mine and my heart leapt into my throat . 
 warrior of old . 
 without a doubt , it was true . 
 what was he ? 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 i breathed . 
 he looked at me curiously and i realized he was seeing me for the first time in my lycan form . 
 surprise crept along his features , but we did n't have time to discuss it . 
 `` i 'm yours , '' he said simply . 
 i did n't push it , because there was a new commotion in the woods and my fur jumped to attention , this time in happy relief . 
 the four vampires , who had watched the fight but had never participated , took off in a single whoosh , leaving valdov standing alone . 
 my father 's eyes blazed a blinding amethyst , looking starkly dangerous against the jet black of his fur as he thundered across the clearing in all his glory . 
 he was so dark he absorbed everything around him . 
 nine of his wolves , including james , spread in a v just behind him , all of them terrifyingly beautiful in their true forms . 
 some of the new order wolves , or whatever they called themselves , crept slowly back into the shadows , obviously unprepared or unwilling to take on this new threat . 
 tyler growled and snapped at the retreating wolves , but held still , awaiting the next command of his alpha . 
 my father was deathly focused on valdov . 
 not a muscle rippled under his fur . 
 his lips curled in clear distaste , revealing his massive canines . 
 a threatening rumble issued from deep within , an abyss of anger boiling under the surface . 
 `` callum , '' valdov said briskly . 
 `` how very lucky you could join us . 
 it 's just entirely too bad you 're too late , after all the hard work it took you to get here . '' 
 rourke 's hand slipped into mine , squeezing as he pulled me close again . 
 there was an urgency in his grasp , and i glanced to my right following his gaze . 
 selene leaned casually against a tree with her arms crossed in front of her , clearly amused by the new turn of events . 
 i 'm sure she 'd been hoping the new order wolves would do her dirty work for her , sparing her from chipping her pretty nails killing me herself . 
 we both watched as she pushed off the tree and strode confidently into the mix . 
 her mane flowed behind her , her eyes blinking with the first hint of red . 
 it appeared her flight into the forest had n't left a scratch on her . 
 damn . 
 seeing that creamy porcelain skin marred would 've been incredibly satisfying . 
 but she was n't the one standing next to rourke , his possessive growl telling the world not to f ** k with what was his . 
 i smiled . 
 i already had what she wanted most . 
 she sashayed over to valdov , who looked like he 'd eaten the canary as well as the whole cage . 
 she 'd clearly been his ace in the hole the entire time , and he was n't shy about letting us all know . 
 `` you see , callum , it seems my queen has invoked the favor of a sorceress this time , '' valdov told my snarling father in a singsong lilt . 
 `` if you so much as move one furry paw in my direction , i will have the lovely selene strike your darling off-spring dead where she stands . 
 are we very clear ? 
 or shall i repeat ? '' 
 my father turned his massive head slowly toward selene . 
 his power rushing outward in one solid beat , making every molecule in my being leap . 
 all of his wolves responded to it in kind . 
 we all bared our fangs and made terrifying noises . 
 our alpha had control , and we would follow . 
 i snarled fiercely . 
 how stuart and his band of ingrates thought they could possibly take the most powerful alpha who 'd ever lived was beyond me . 
 my father was magnificent . 
 selene kept her cool , ignoring his steady , piercing gaze as she stopped next to the vampire . 
 only an infinitesimally small quiver of her hands gave her away . 
 her fingers were already glowing with a spell , so the red tremor had been easy to detect . 
 she steeled herself for a moment before glancing up to meet my father 's stare , her face wearing the same haughty expression she 'd donned before . 
 honestly , rourke had fallen for that ? 
 `` come on , big bad wolf . 
 give me something to play with here , '' she toyed . 
 `` there 's nothing on earth i 'd rather do tonight than annihilate your entire bloodline . 
 why do n't you come over here and get me ? '' 
 my father watched her , his gaze unfaltering . 
 `` where 's the huff and puff , fella ? 
 not so tough when a sorceress is involved ? '' 
 selene taunted . 
 `` i thought you 'd be a pansy . 
 i guess i was right . '' 
 tyler surged forward in a volley of snarls and barks . 
 selene turned a lazy glance toward him and tinkled . 
 `` oh , does your little wolf boy want to be first instead ? 
 how very noble of him . '' 
 my father snapped his muzzle once . 
 tyler stopped like someone had pulled a plug on his vocal cords . 
 `` that 's a good doggie , '' she crooned . 
 `` you should listen to your daddy more often . '' 
 selene turned to face my father again . 
 `` honestly , wolf , you need to keep your pups on a tighter leash . 
 my fingers are especially twitchy tonight and i would n't want any ... mistakes to happen . '' 
 as far as i knew , selene could n't fight off multiple wolf attacks , even as a self-proclaimed goddess . 
 sure , she could kill me , and maybe a few more , but she could n't kill them all before they managed to tear her apart . 
 werewolves were resistant to magic as a rule , but not immune . 
 someone as powerful as selene could inflict major damage before the strongest ones ripped her to pieces . 
 i was n't sure if my father would be affected by her magic , but i was n't willing to chance it . 
 she wanted me , she could have me . 
 i made a move to step forward . 
 rourke yanked me back to his side immediately . 
 `` do n't move , jessica , '' he ordered in a harsh whisper . 
 `` selene is unbelievably dangerous . 
 she 'll kill you if she gets the chance . 
 even if it means her own life is forfeit-she 'll do it just to spite me . 
 i 'm not going to allow that to happen . '' 
 i locked eyes with him . 
 this was not a good time for an in-depth discussion on the ins and outs of `` allowing '' me to do anything . 
 `` rourke , '' i whispered , `` i 'm not going to stand back and let her kill my family without a fight . 
 you ca n't stop me from doing that even if you tried , so do n't take it too hard . 
 if the vamps want me , they can have me , but i 'm not going to let my family-or my pack-go down because of me . '' 
 right then my brain shattered into a million pieces . 
 the pressure of the fracture was so strong i reached out blindly and grabbed on to rourke 's arm to steady myself . 
 he kept me upright automatically and without question . 
 jessica ! 
 my father raged . 
 jessica ! 
 drop your barriers right now ! 
 my barriers ? 
 what barriers ? 
 dad ... i 'm here ! 
 i 'm here ! 
 i clutched my head with my hand . 
 a sledgehammer would 've been gentler . 
 the ache was incredible . 
 rourke held me firmly around the waist as he growled his alarm . 
 i think you just shattered any barriers i had left . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't know they were up . 
 i have no idea what i 'm doing or how i 'm keeping them up in the first place . 
 jessica , listen to me right now . 
 you have to get out of here . 
 do n't worry about selene . 
 take rourke with you and run . 
 i ca n't let them take you . 
 i wo n't allow it . 
 if you leave now , we can corner the vampire and deal with the sorceress . 
 do you understand me ? 
 dad , i ca n't - run , goddamn it ! 
 my blood seized at the command and i latched on to the front of rourke 's shirt . 
 he understood at once , pushing me ahead of him as fast as he could , his back blocking the sounds of my pack as they jumped as one on the vampire and the sorceress . 
 we 'd only made it into the woods a few feet when i pulled up quickly , rourke rocking into me from behind , his arms circling my body protectively . 
 there , lurking all around us , were wolves . 
 more wolves than i could count . 
 each one baring their teeth , their yellow eyes dancing with excitement . 
 there were twice as many wolves in the shadows than had been in the clearing . 
 we could not take them on and survive . 
 rourke pulled me closer and twisted us around , putting his back to the growling wolves . 
 before we could come up with a concrete plan , there was a long , angry howl behind us . 
 tyler . 
 i broke out of rourke 's grasp and ran . 
 he pounded right behind me . 
 i tumbled into the clearing to a completely unbelievable sight . 
 valdov stood over my father , his bony finger extended , tapping my father 's still muzzle like a naughty child . 
 the rest of the pack snarled and paced around them , too uncertain of the vamp 's intent to react . 
 none were willing to jeopardize their alpha in any way . 
 james howled the loudest , his anger searing the air . 
 he was fierce in his wolf form , with a coat of blue-gray and nearly as tall as my father . 
 it killed him not to act . 
 my father was locked in some kind of binding spell . 
 selene looked smug , and a wave of indignant rage swirled inside me . 
 my wolf let out a sorrowful howl , followed by a nasty snarl . 
 i gnashed my teeth . 
 `` ah , callum . 
 did you honestly think we would come unprepared after the last time we met ? '' 
 valdov tsked . 
 `` it looks like you 're woefully outnumbered this time , and desperately unprepared for this battle . 
 oh well , better luck next time . 
 we will be taking your daughter now , but do n't fret overly much . 
 i will make sure she 's kept ... alive . '' 
 he grinned , flashing his fangs . 
 `` at least for the time being anyway . '' 
 my father 's fury raged through my veins . 
 i felt it as clearly as if it were my own . 
 my wolf responded with a yelp of anger . 
 i was still in my partial form , but a new blast of adrenaline rocked through me . 
 i grinned . 
 let 's take them down . 
 my wolf ripped her jaws in the air . 
 almost as if valdov had read my mind , he turned to selene , who 'd been lurking a few feet away . 
 `` enough playing , witch ! 
 now do the deed we came for and we will be gone ! '' 
 i turned my gaze on selene for the first time . 
 a line of blood trickled down the side of her mouth , marring her perfection nicely . 
 then i noticed something at her feet . 
 tyler lay unmoving . 
 i strode forward , snapping , my wrath blinding me to anything else . 
 i wanted her away from my family . 
 `` how dare you ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` why do n't you come and get me ! 
 i 'm the one you want . 
 or are you too scared i 'll kick your sorry ass from here to the unknown ? 
 come on , you bitch . 
 fight me ! '' 
 selene tipped her head back and laughed . 
 `` oh , please . 
 this is just too easy . '' 
 she glanced caustically at the fallen wolf by her foot and kicked him . 
 hard . 
 `` oh , did crippling your little brother tie your undies in a bunch ? 
 or is it daddy over there frozen with no place to go ? 
 hmm ? 
 well , i 'm sure i can finish this one off '' - she gestured downward - `` right after i finish you . '' 
 she lifted her fingers and started chanting . 
 `` is that all you 've got , selene ? '' 
 i sneered as i stalked forward , not caring anymore . 
 `` too afraid to meet me without your fingers twitching ? 
 i 'm not exactly surprised , since you look like the weakest piece of ass i 've seen in a long time . 
 looks like you 'd be hard pressed to keep a man interested long enough for a second run . 
 i 'm sure rourke got tired of you the moment after he fu - '' `` enough , '' she screamed . 
 `` you 're going to pay for that ! '' 
 she flicked her wrist . 
 i dodged her spell , feinting to the side at the last moment , but i turned , watching in horror as the shimmering lines hit rourke , who had been standing just behind me . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i screamed , grabbing a hold of him before he crumpled to the ground . 
 i dropped beside him , my fingers seeking his pulse . 
 it was still there , thank goodness . 
 he was n't dead . 
 i had no idea if the spell would kill him , but he was breathing . 
 i lifted my head slowly . 
 my lids burned as my eyes flashed a strobe of color . 
 a vicious howl rose in my throat . 
 `` no , you have it wrong , selene . 
 it 's you who will pay . '' 
 nothing else existed . 
 my wrath was a thick , throbbing haze . 
 i strode straight ahead , my wolf racing back and forth in my mind waiting to tear her to pieces . 
 not even selene 's tinkling laugh daunted me . 
 i was almost to her when a flicker of fear finally registered in her eyes . 
 she gathered herself quickly . 
 `` little mongrel , it 's time for you to go nighty-night , '' she said as she snapped her wrist at me , red lines racing between the few feet separating us . 
 the spell struck me fully , but not before my hand shot out , connecting with her creamy porcelain face . 
 there was a loud crack and she flew backward . 
 my body went rigid . 
 i fell to the ground . 
 red lines began to transverse my mind , streaming through me , her spell binding me . 
 but there was satisfaction painted on my lips as i watched red drip down her broken face as she staggered to stand . 
 take that , you harlot . 
 my wolf snapped and tore at the threads growing thicker in my mind as fast as she could , but it was no use . 
 there were too many . 
 the spell was going to overtake me within moments . 
 the wolves within the trees launched into the clearing and my pack erupted in battle around me . 
 valdov walked over and leaned above me like a circus ring-leader , reaching down to caress my face . 
 i cringed inwardly , my body unable to move . 
 `` hurry , witch , she is too strong . 
 this will not hold her for long . '' 
 a haughty voice responded , `` that will hold her just fine . 
 she is not stronger than i am , vampire . 
 you 'll have plenty of time to get her back to your precious queen . 
 now get her out of my sight before i decide to kill her for real . '' 
 my body rose in the air . 
 wind rushed against my face as valdov took us into the clouds . 
 a terrible keening howl bellowed from below . 
 my father had finally broken his restraints . 
 22 i heard the noise before i opened my eyes . 
 it sounded like rusty metal fingernails grating down a chalkboard . 
 but worse . 
 my arms bristled before my brain was fully awake . 
 the first thing i became aware of was my wolf , who was crouched low in my mind , a ferocious growl issuing from her mouth . 
 do you know where we are ? 
 i asked her before i dared open my eyes . 
 i could feel the threat . 
 the power pushed down on me , oppressing me with its strength , penetrating my skin like a million sharp needles . 
 the surface i was lying on was hard and rough , cold stone under my fingertips . 
 i tried once more . 
 what 's going on ? 
 do you know where we are ? 
 then i heard it again . 
 scraaape . 
 scraaaape . 
 scraaaaaape . 
 my wolf did n't have a chance to respond before a feminine voice pierced the quiet . 
 it was smooth and held a faint echo . 
 my blood ticked in warning . 
 `` wake , little wolf girl . 
 we are done playing . 
 i grow tired of waiting . '' 
 the voice was moving closer as it spoke . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 it was no use pretending , because whatever was in the room with me knew i was already awake and pissing it off was n't the smart choice . 
 selene 's spell was gone . 
 i had no idea if my wolf had conquered it or not , but i was n't complaining . 
 my eyes focused on the ceiling above me . 
 it was shaped in a high dome and decorated completely with stained glass . 
 a soft glow of light ran behind it , radiating outward to give it a multidimensional quality . 
 unfortunately , the images rendered on it were not beautiful flowers or happy unicorns ; instead the entire ceiling was covered in a landscape of gruesome , gory scenes-vampires depicted at their very worst , like i 'd seen valdov in that brief but chilling moment . 
 the horde detailed above my head gleefully tore out the necks of their human prey , their faces contorted , blood flowing around them in pools of ecstasy , splashing into the bodies of their unwitting victims . 
 was n't that heartwarming . 
 i was clearly in a vampire stronghold of some kind , and seeing the artful ceiling depictions did n't do anything to make me feel any better about my situation . 
 there was movement at my feet and i slowly lifted my head . 
 `` you are not nearly as impressive as i had presumed you to be , little wolf girl . '' 
 the voice was attached to a vision of flawlessly etched skin . 
 a face so perfectly defined it cast its own shadows . 
 she boasted high , prominent cheekbones and a pair of wide hazel eyes , rimmed in heavy kohl . 
 her pallor was a true white , making her red lips look garish . 
 a complicated pale mass of curls sat atop her head , giving the illusion of a greater age than her twenty-something looks . 
 she was dressed in a beautiful gray silk gown , so thin it shimmered like liquid silver in the low light . 
 as she approached me , her cape , of the same shimmering fabric , flowed out behind her . 
 the vampire queen . 
 a lone fingernail traced along the stone altar i was lying on as she paced forward . 
 scraaaaaape . 
 `` um , sorry to disappoint you ? '' 
 i pushed to my elbows , grateful i had n't been physically restrained , but knowing it had n't really been necessary in the company of the vampire queen and her plentiful power , which bounced around the room in strong currents . 
 why did she care if i was impressive or not ? 
 i was n't looking to impress anyone , and to vamps all shifters looked unimpressive . 
 all i cared about was getting the hell out of here in one piece with my skin still attached and all my vital fluids still in my body . 
 the altar i was lying on was in the middle of an ornate vestibule . 
 the room resembled what i 'd envisioned a throne room in a castle to be like , complete with a raised dais and a queenly looking chair perched in the center . 
 the only other people in the room were the two shrouded shapes flanking either side of the massive , and precisely decorated , door . 
 a private meeting with the vampire queen , it seemed . 
 she stopped a few feet in front of me and waited , her features unmoving , her head tilted at a slight angle . 
 i had no idea what i was supposed to do , so i raised myself to a full sitting position , with my hands bracing my weight behind me . 
 when i was done , i met her eyes for a brief second and was rewarded with a bolt of power so strong my nails curled into the stone beneath me , gouging little moon-shaped grooves into the rock . 
 my wolf was issuing fairly erratic sounds in my mind , ones i had n't heard her make before . 
 easy there . 
 we do n't want to freak the freak too soon . 
 instead of answering , she responded with a small flow of adrenaline . 
 it ran through my veins , calming me , but it was n't enough to trigger anything . 
 perfect . 
 just relax . 
 we 'll get out of this . 
 we are n't tied up , and nobody else is here . 
 specifically the horrid valdov . 
 if she wanted us for breakfast , we 'd be shackled in her dungeon or sucked dry by now . 
 this place so had a dungeon . 
 `` valdov was a fool to bring you here , '' the vampire queen snapped . 
 she was still examining me , her eyes measuring . 
 i felt like i was under a vampire microscope . 
 huh ? 
 `` from what he implied to us , '' i retorted , `` he was only following your direct orders . '' 
 `` fool , '' she grated . 
 then she turned abruptly , ascending the steps of her dais toward her gilded chair . 
 she whipped around with a flourish and sat , her gorgeous face set in a frown , her cape flowing gracefully around her . 
 hmm . 
 instead of watching her brood , i brought my legs around and perched myself on the edge of the altar . 
 i wiggled my bare toes and looked down at my filthy , torn clothing , still reeking heavily of sulfur and sweat . 
 the perfect picture of badass . 
 i had no idea what she wanted from me , but other than sensing her incredible power , i was n't feeling the threat of imminent danger . 
 having her irked at valdov worked in my favor . 
 i just did n't know why . 
 someone like valdov did what he was told . 
 always . 
 i decided to venture a question . 
 `` if valdov was disobeying you , then why am i here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the queen narrowed her eyes at me like a hawk . 
 a fleck of mercury sparked in their depths so brightly it seared like a white flame . 
 she stood abruptly and strode forward , stopping at the edge of the steps to look down on me . 
 i instinctively leaned back . 
 `` do not push me , little wolf girl . 
 i am not something to be trifled with so easily . 
 if you provoke me , i promise i will punish you . 
 you are here because i wished it and nothing more . '' 
 she waved her hand in a sweeping dismissal . 
 the vamps liked their hand gestures . 
 you just said valdov was a fool for bringing me here . 
 i said instead , `` i 'm not trying to trifle with you , um ... queen . '' 
 what in the hell was i supposed to call her ? 
 `` i 'm just trying to figure out why a newborn wolf would warrant such an interest from you . 
 by all rights , i should be beneath your notice . 
 if what i know of our races are true , i should n't even be a blip on your radar . 
 our separate sects have n't made it a habit to be involved in each other 's business at any point in time . '' 
 her voice rang out in a cold laugh . 
 `` you , little wolf girl , are very much my business . '' 
 she floated down the steps . 
 `` my trusted servants have been keeping tabs on you since your very untimely birth . '' 
 the vamps had been tailing me for that long ? 
 she laughed . 
 `` what ? 
 you think your father could hide you from us ? 
 the birth of a female ? 
 never ! '' 
 her eyes flickered dangerously between the purest silver to black , and back again . 
 she came to a halt a few paces in front of me , clasping her hands in front of her torso like a demure schoolgirl . 
 she might look the part if i was n't hyper aware she could snap my neck between her two index fingers in the space of a sneeze . 
 `` what exactly do you mean by ` untimely ' ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i was n't aware there was a good time for a female werewolf to be born . '' 
 she inclined her head , peering at me closely . 
 i shifted uncomfortably , hating the feel of her weighted stare-it made my skin crawl . 
 then she tilted her head to the side , like a bird listening for a worm , just like valdov had . 
 vamps were totally creepy . 
 every movement they made was unnatural . 
 there was no way the queen went out in public . 
 very little about her resembled anything human . 
 she abruptly straightened her neck and a wicked smile crept over her unsightly red lips . 
 `` you do not know what you are , do you , little wolf girl ? '' 
 `` i have no idea what you 're talking about , '' i answered . 
 `` what do you mean , ` what i am ' ? 
 i 'm a lone female in an all-male race-a freak , an anomaly , something to fight about . '' 
 i was leaving out the violet eyes , the lycan abilities , and communication via brain waves with my sibling , but she should n't know any of that . 
 she could n't possibly know about that . 
 her canines were retracted , because when she opened her mouth in a macabre kind of glee all i saw were rows of straight , neat teeth . 
 `` i had not thought it was possible for you to be-how shall i say ? 
 - unaware of your ... situation . '' 
 she put her hands together in a pseudo clap and paced away from me , toward a mural of torture painted along one huge wall . 
 lovely . 
 `` this is very interesting indeed . 
 it puts us in a decidedly different position . '' 
 i did n't like the eerie glint coming from her voice and neither did my wolf . 
 what 's going on ? 
 do you know what she means by my `` situation '' ? 
 my wolf paced agitatedly . 
 she raised her hackles and continued to emit a low growl , essentially telling me this was n't exactly the right time for a heart-to-heart . 
 i took the hint . 
 that the vampire queen knew more about me than i did was less than optimal . 
 it was actually sucky , and put me at a huge disadvantage . 
 `` it seems i 'm at a bit of a loss here . 
 if you could - '' i started . 
 `` they come . '' 
 her head snapped to the doorway and the two shrouded figures simultaneously drifted toward her . 
 `` who 's coming ? '' 
 how long had i been out anyway ? 
 i looked around , but there were no clues to what time it was . 
 `` i have little interest in starting a war with your ... kind . '' 
 she curled her lips . 
 `` but i am very certain we will meet again , little wolf girl , and that time may be very soon indeed . '' 
 my kind ? 
 there was some faint commotion coming from outside the room now . 
 my heart sped up . 
 it took me a second , but the final puzzle pieces of my kidnapping snapped clearly into place . 
 valdov had n't mistaken his queen 's request . 
 his plan had simply been foiled by a rather large and furious alpha werewolf . 
 if my father had n't arrived on the scene , i 'd probably be cuffed in a dungeon right now being snacked on like a canape . 
 i was tired and pissed off . 
 so far my pack had gone to war , i 'd been hunted down and taken by the vampires , a splinter werewolf group was highly organized with a detailed plot to kill me , selene the evil had struck down my new mate , whom my body ached for right this minute , and to top it off , it all pointed to me being exactly what everyone had always feared i 'd be : the end of things as we knew it . 
 i wanted no part of it anymore . 
 shouts echoed along the corridor , coming closer every second . 
 i glanced at the queen , who seemed to be entranced by the commotion , apparently gearing up for the werewolves to bang her door down . 
 she 'd forgotten me , or i was beneath her notice , either one worked . 
 my voice came out in a snarl , surprising us both . 
 `` hey , queen . '' 
 her head shot to me in a snap . 
 `` i take it when my father arrived in the woods it put quite a crimp in your plans to blame my unfortunate ` disappearance ' on the new order wolves-or whatever the traitors are calling themselves ? '' 
 her eyes narrowed to slits . 
 `` is n't that how all this was supposed to shake out ? 
 i bet it took some patience on your part to incite fear over the years to a few well-placed wolves to form your precious ` alliance . ' 
 but it 's not an alliance at all , is it ? 
 you 've been running the show the whole time , orchestrating your puppets along the way . '' 
 `` the witch has taken your lover , '' she hissed , completely surprising me once again . 
 then i watched in horror as her features changed ever so slightly as they began to slide down her face , and then , without warning , her power hit me fully in the chest like a bolt . 
 i doubled over instantly , gasping for breath , clutching my front . 
 holy shit she 's powerful . 
 `` you pathetic little girl , '' she spat . 
 `` you tarry where you do not belong . 
 you do not question me . 
 i only allow you to sit here-a weakling of a shifter - with the air still in your lungs because i deem it to be so . 
 you should be prostrate on your knees in homage to my kindness . 
 i will not tolerate your insolence , and i certainly do not answer to you for my actions . '' 
 i had no time to do anything other than hold my chest and try to breathe again when the doors burst open and my father bounded into the room , followed by , to my relief , james and tyler , and about fifteen other wolves who were unfamiliar to me . 
 all of them in their human form . 
 `` eudoxia , '' my father snarled as he strode forward . 
 his wolves fanned behind him , all of them growling . 
 crowding into the room just behind the wolves were a large number of vamps , many of whom wore corset-style gowns and tailored jackets with big , shiny buttons . 
 but others were decked out in skinny jeans and hipster shirts . 
 as a group , the vamps ran a serious gamut of style . 
 if marcy were here , she 'd have a field day with the bevy of fashion choices in the room . 
 my best guess was each style choice denoted a rough age of the vamp , because putting an eighteenth-century vamp into a pair of jeggings would take a leap of faith most vampires were likely uninterested in taking . 
 if these vamps were as arrogant as their beloved queen , each thought their style choice was the right one . 
 but this was n't a happy day at court . 
 the vamps bared their fangs , their faces twisted at the intrusion into their lair . 
 there was also no rourke . 
 my heart clenched . 
 our bond had already manifested into something beyond me , beyond my wolf . 
 the physical distance from him was taking a toll already . 
 i craved him in a way i had n't known could exist in this world . 
 eudoxia raised one finger and the mass stilled instantly . 
 i slid off the altar so i could stand in front of my pack , my back resting against the rough stone as i fought to shake off the last of the queen 's blast . 
 my wolf had been feeding me power and was still snapping continually at the cloud of residual white mist lingering in my system , which i guessed was the manifestation of the queen 's magic . 
 when my wolf bit down on the cloud , it evaporated into nothing . 
 as the power disappeared , i began to get my strength back . 
 the same thing had happened with selene 's freaky red lines . 
 i had no idea how my wolf was doing it , but i was glad she knew how , because being beholden to magic made me vulnerable . 
 the queen , flanked by her guards , marched confidently toward my father , stopping right in front him . 
 `` callummmm , '' she purred . 
 `` what a wonderful surprise to see you here . 
 welcome to my home . '' 
 she gestured grandly at her room of decorated macabre , the walls and ceiling were accompanied by ornate vases on priceless lacquered sideboards , all of the furnishings ominous in their stark harshness . 
 `` are you not impressed by what you see before you ? 
 it 's only taken me a few short centuries to get it to my exact liking . 
 though i 'm lately rethinking the color of the velvet drapes . 
 blood red would go so much better with the furnishings than gold . 
 do n't you agree ? '' 
 my father growled in response . 
 `` my daughter is coming with me immediately or i will kill you where you stand , eudoxia . 
 make no mistake . '' 
 `` but of course she is , '' eudoxia purred again . 
 for the first time , a bit of her russian accent strayed into her voice . 
 `` that was quite understood , was it not ? 
 otherwise , callum seitheach mcclain , leader of wolves , you would have not made it so far into my sanctuary . 
 you must not mistake my leniency at your intrusion for passivity . '' 
 her voice became steely , her eyes flashed dangerously as power cloyed the room , filling it with a sticky repulsive sweetness . 
 `` you see , very few individuals pass through these doors uninvited and remain ... alive . '' 
 before my father could answer , she turned on a dime , marching toward me with an air of nonchalance . 
 she reached for my cheek , almost touching me , but pulled short when fifteen wolves ramped up their snarl . 
 it took everything i had not to flinch back . 
 `` your little wolf daughter '' - she angled her head at my father - `` and i were just having a chat about a few precious things before she bids us a fond farewell . 
 and you know what ? 
 i 've just discovered that it 's of the gravest interest for her to find out where that bad , bad kitty has gone . 
 is he here with you by chance ? '' 
 she mocked standing on her tiptoes and looking over the shoulders of the wolves to the back of the room . 
 `` hmm . 
 i do n't seem to see him , '' she said , turning with pouted lips to me . 
 `` poor , poor little wolf girl . 
 what are you to do ? '' 
 `` the cat is of no use to us , '' my father said slowly , reading her mood carefully . 
 pressure pushed into my mind , but nothing came through . 
 my father was trying to communicate , but the room must be spelled in some way . 
 the queen would n't want any communication she could n't hear among her disciples , and odds were several of the vamps had mind-reading talents . 
 they were n't uncommon among supes . 
 i tried to concentrate on opening up , but it did n't work ; all i came up with was dead space . 
 my father continued out loud , `` the cat was taken by the witch soon after my daughter was kidnapped by your drone . 
 once they left , the remaining wolves scattered like thieves . '' 
 `` kidnapped is such a strong word , do n't you agree ? '' 
 the queen replied airily . 
 she positioned herself at the end of the altar , running her hands along it in what could only be considered a loving caress . 
 `` i prefer to think of it as merely borrowing her for short while . 
 no harm has come to her , as you can plainly see . 
 i blame my curiosity for coveting new things , of course , and a female wolf is such a unique thing , do n't you agree ... callum ? '' 
 she met my father 's full gaze for the first time . 
 the direct collision of contact between the two put a cringe-worthy burst of energy in the room . 
 nobody could stare at my father for long , and clearly the queen had a crazy powerful stare of her own . 
 the queen broke contact first . 
 i smiled inwardly . 
 not so tough now . 
 my father continued to stare without answering . 
 she acted unfazed by her misstep , and said instead , `` she 's a diamond among plain stones , one should think . '' 
 she waved her hand behind her , dismissing her next thought as she twirled around , floating her way up the dais . 
 `` valdov overreacted , you see . 
 he took my need to gather curiosities quite literally , but i promise you he will be soundly punished for it . 
 in fact , his torture commences as we speak . '' 
 `` you do n't fool me , eudoxia , '' my father said , taking a few steps forward to even the gap . 
 i would n't have been surprised if he 'd actually leapt up on the dais to level the playing field . 
 seeing eudoxia shrink back would 've been delicious . 
 as an alpha wolf , instinct dictates you put all your enemies beneath you . 
 eudoxia being above him had to be infuriating . 
 and she knew it . 
 instead of leaping , he growled . 
 `` i do n't know what game you 're playing yet , but i promise you it 's not a game you will win . 
 the mere act of your henchman taking my daughter , whether it was sanctioned by you or not , gives me the right to declare war on all vampires . 
 if i were you , i would consider yourself lucky i 'm feeling very magnanimous today . 
 i will not declare war . 
 this time . '' 
 he turned toward me , holding out his hand to me . 
 `` jessica , it 's time to go . '' 
 i moved forward , not anxious to add anything to this heady mix of power . 
 my chest still stung and i knew drawing myself into it now would be a mistake , especially since it seemed we were leaving with the upper hand . 
 `` it 's such a shame your daughter will never lay eyes on her mate again . '' 
 the queen 's voice rang out in a bored tone just as i stepped in front of my father . 
 `` do n't you agree ? 
 and what was his name again ? '' 
 she paused , tapping a long silver-coated nail against her lips . 
 `` oh , that 's right ... silly me ... rourke , is n't it ? '' 
 my stomach dropped as the wolves behind me lost it . 
 the queen smiled , her morbid red lips animated . 
 `` yes , you heard me correctly , little wolf girl , '' she said . 
 `` your true mate wo n't make it out of selene 's lair alive . 
 he does n't stand a chance against her . 
 this time she will be well prepared . '' 
 this time ? 
 the queen giggled then . 
 `` most likely selene is enjoying a nice game of cat and mouse with him right now . 
 either that or she has him tied to her infamous whipping post already . 
 whatever it is , she will not let him go again . 
 ever . '' 
 my lungs stopped working as the vision of selene with her hands on rourke 's body made my nails elongate and a snarl issue from my chest without my consent . 
 at least from what the queen was telling me , the spell i 'd inadvertently let him take had n't killed him . 
 if it had , selene would have nothing to torture . 
 thank gods he 's alive . 
 my father grabbed on to my arms , effectively pulling my attention from the queen back to him . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 he asked quietly , his tone fierce . 
 `` is what she says correct ? '' 
 anger flashed in his eyes . 
 there was no way the queen could know for sure that rourke was my mate . 
 she 'd been grasping at straws , obviously going on a hunch of valdov 's - but whatever she thought she knew , she 'd gotten damn lucky . 
 she 'd laid down her ace and now it was my turn to play . 
 did i really know for sure ? 
 we 'd only known each other for such a short period of time . 
 before i could get my thoughts straight , my wolf slammed her paw down in my mind , snapping fiercely at me . 
 i know exactly how you feel , how you 've felt from the beginning , but are we willing to throw down now and risk everything for him ? 
 the queen clearly wants something from us in return , and it wo n't come cheaply . 
 if we do this , we go against our alpha . 
 she gnashed her teeth at me , no indecision whatsoever . 
 `` jessica , answer me , '' my father demanded . 
 the room had gone completely silent . 
 `` yes , what she says is true . '' 
 i closed my irises and clenched my fists . 
 `` and it seems ... my wolf and i are prepared to fight to get him back . '' 
 my father focused on me hard , his irises jumping to a deadly amethyst . 
 as we stood together , his hands still gripping my arms , the wolves deathly still , the vamps behind us started to twitter and snicker . 
 it was a distinct possibility it was happening because we were touching , but my father 's blood connection to me suddenly amplified , racing though my bloodstream , triggering jumps and starts like little waves cresting and tiding . 
 there was no mistaking the queen 's intent to use this information to its fullest . 
 both my father and i knew it without having to communicate . 
 there would be a steep price to pay before we were allowed to exit these walls if she had anything to say about it . 
 `` when ? '' 
 my father finally asked , his jaw set tightly . 
 `` it seems my wolf recognized him immediately , but i ignored the cues she was giving me . 
 i did n't realize it until '' - he kissed me senseless - `` i made my full change . 
 the vamps arrived immediately after . 
 there was no time to process anything . '' 
 then i said simply , `` i will do anything to find him . '' 
 the queen cleared her throat as she descended the steps slowly , reveling in the show . 
 `` dear , dear , '' she murmured . 
 `` this is such a quandary . 
 how will you ever find him on your own ? '' 
 she mocked . 
 `` do you know where selene keeps her lair ? 
 or i should say lairs , really . 
 she has a number of preferred haunts , because she is a very powerful goddess , you know . '' 
 she placed a bony white hand over her unbeating heart . 
 `` but how silly of me . 
 of course you know she 's powerful . 
 she has already defeated you once . '' 
 but i 'd made her bleed . 
 i smiled , remembering . 
 `` i 'm left wondering how you will ever conquer her and win back your mate all on your own . 
 that seems an immeasurable mountain to climb for what meager strengths you 've shown thus far . '' 
 `` i - '' `` she wo n't be alone . '' 
 my brother stepped forward , his voice hard and angry . 
 `` her pack will assist her , as our law dictates . '' 
 i watched tyler struggle with the next bit , obviously trying to reconcile a number of things for himself . 
 `` we are duty-bound to accept all mates ... even if they ... even if they 're ... of a different ... sect . '' 
 he rolled his shoulders back instead of shuddering , and i loved him more in that instant than i ever had . 
 `` she will not be alone in her search . 
 her pack will assist her . '' 
 the queen glared at the interruption , looking vaguely put upon . 
 `` it does not matter in the least if every one of your wolves joins in the hunt , boy . '' 
 she waved her arm as a dismissal . 
 `` you will never find them in time-and even if you manage to bumble your way in , selene 's protection is as vast as a deadly ocean . 
 she will kill you on sight if her multitude of traps do n't kill you first . '' 
 she laughed , bright and hard , tracing her mercury stare to me . 
 `` your only choice , little wolf girl , will be to swear an oath to me for one small favor of my choosing , and i will grant you two of my best and brightest trackers to aid you in your quest . 
 without them , you will fail . 
 there is no other way . '' 
 23 `` impossible , '' my father 's voice boomed over the din around us . 
 that one word held incredible power . 
 everyone quieted whether they wanted to or not . 
 he dropped my arms and marched directly to the queen . 
 `` werewolves do not swear anything to vampires . 
 or anyone else for that matter . 
 we have always fought our own battles and we always will . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 the queen stayed just out of arm 's reach , her accent even thicker now . 
 `` why just last week a pack of mangy wolves , some of your very own precious young , eagerly swore their oaths to me . 
 in return , i vowed to track down your daughter and bring her here . '' 
 she smiled shrewdly . 
 `` in fact , they were so taken with themselves , and swore so quickly , they did n't even bother to ask me if i intended to end her life or if i was merely interested in chatting with her . '' 
 my father 's expression stayed stoic , leading me to believe he was already well aware of the fracture across packs and the new splinter group of wolves . 
 i wondered for the first time where hank and some of the younger wolves were , because they were n't here with us now . 
 i know i 'd seen hank in his wolf form behind my father in the clearing . 
 once he learned i 'd ended stuart 's life-his level of hatred toward me would skyrocket into the upper stratosphere . 
 i was n't looking forward to seeing how that manifested itself . 
 `` i can assure you , eudoxia '' - my father 's voice strummed low and fierce - `` the wolves who allegedly swore to you were simply rogues and nothing more . 
 they were wolves without honor and no longer members of any pack . 
 they will be hunted down by our own . 
 no wolf with any notion of self-worth would ever seek the help of vampires . 
 wolves with honor have always fought their own battles , and we will continue to fight them in the future . 
 no one will be swearing anything to you . '' 
 `` really , callum , how very old-fashioned and positively downright male of you . 
 i think you will soon find that persons of the ... feminine persuasion may feel differently about such things . '' 
 the queen turned her bird stare on me . 
 `` hmm , little wolf ? 
 are you agreeing with daddy here ? 
 or do you actually wish to find your mate ... alive ? '' 
 her power thrummed through the room . 
 no more playtime . 
 i bit the inside of my cheek . 
 the bitter taste of iron swirled on my tongue . 
 i could feel my father 's anger weighing on me . 
 i knew that with our current resources we had no clue how to find a powerful sorceress quickly , even coupled with devon 's vast computer skills . 
 wolves concerned themselves about wolves . 
 evil goddesses , imps , demons , or vamps were completely ignored until a problem arose . 
 hell , i did n't even know selene was real until i saw her in the flesh . 
 i 'd only heard rumors , but had dismissed them like everyone else . 
 if i declined the queen 's help , i would be going home cold . 
 it could take me weeks of interviews to come up with any viable way to track rourke . 
 if selene had multiple lairs , it would take longer . 
 we had her scent , but could only track her accurately on the ground . 
 if she could fly , which i was assuming without a doubt she could-flight being a credential of card-carrying high-level supes-evil goddesses included-by then it would be too late . 
 i knew it in my bones . 
 if i played this game correctly , i could bind the vampire queen to keep her end of the bargain , which would include not killing me . 
 i knew whatever she wanted from me mattered a great deal to her , or we would n't be dancing together right now . 
 i shuddered , knowing the price might be too steep for me to pay , but if i did n't try , i would lose my mate . 
 `` what would it cost me ? '' 
 i asked the queen . 
 `` jessica , '' my father roared . 
 he turned to me , his fury pinging around the room . 
 `` i forbid this ! '' 
 his command swirled in my blood , teasing me at its edges , but it was a command from the alpha-not a blood-request from my father-and even though it tried to capture me , to make me obey , it did n't hold me . 
 it seemed my father and i had entered into a complicated relationship when we had unwittingly swapped blood . 
 his alpha commands still did not affect me , but as a father he could manipulate our new blooded bond if he chose . 
 but , clearly right now , as a father he loved me , even if his alphaness was furious with me . 
 i had to hope that as a father he would ultimately understand what it meant to have a mate and what i had to do to get him back . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , my voice pleading . 
 `` please forgive me , but i have no other choice . 
 i have to do this or i will lose him . 
 i owe it to him to try . '' 
 `` jessica , there is nothing in this world worth binding yourself to them for . 
 we will find your mate on our own , with our own kind . '' 
 my father 's blood danced in my body , rich and angry , but no other command came . 
 `` i will accept that , '' i said quietly , dropping my eyes , giving him my full submission . 
 `` if you can tell me where selene is right now . 
 do you , or any of your wolves , know anything about her ? 
 if you know where she is , i will follow you from here without pause . 
 i promise to leave this place and never look back . 
 if not , you must understand i must do this . '' 
 my father grappled with the knowledge that his alpha command had n't taken . 
 the wolves behind us started to become agitated . 
 this would not go unnoticed . 
 i had just defied my alpha in a very public arena , in front of our enemy . 
 i had a stark moment of regret . 
 i was on a very dangerous ground . 
 everything i 'd done so far had screamed something was wrong with me , that i was n't a normal wolf . 
 the pack was already fractured , and i was putting them in danger by showing that weakness to our enemy . 
 my wolf shot to the surface , growling as menacingly as i 'd ever seen her . 
 i know . 
 you do n't have to remind me . 
 this is a cluster-fuck , and we choose rourke . 
 it does n't mean i 'm not sorry it turned out this way . 
 we 're going up against our alpha , my father , in front of the whole damn world . 
 it 's going to come back and bite us , i know it will . 
 no wolf is going to trust me when they know the alpha ca n't control me . 
 it 's a big deal . 
 she huffed . 
 i had no other choice . 
 my wolf and my body both demanded i find him . 
 there was no other option . 
 `` i ca n't explain it '' - unfamiliar emotion erupted as i spoke - `` but i know rourke only has a short amount of time . 
 if we take too long , i will lose him . 
 give me another choice , and i will gladly take it . '' 
 then i said very , very quietly , `` there may be some things in this world worth binding yourself for . '' 
 my father ran a hand over his face . 
 he had incredible control , but i could see a faint line of fur erupting on his forearms . 
 he was trying hard to contain himself . 
 i did n't even sneak a glance at the queen , who was likely elated with her soon-to-be victory . 
 the wolves behind us growled and shifted uncomfortably . 
 there was also a low murmur running through the crowd of vamps . 
 they were n't familiar with our ways , but they knew enough to know that this interaction between us was wrong . 
 it was likely physically impossible for most of the vamps to go against a direct order from their queen . 
 my father still said nothing . 
 my eyes pleaded with him to understand . 
 after a moment , i felt a shift . 
 his eyes flashed a deep violet , and calmness wove its way through me . 
 he 'd made his decision . 
 whatever it was , i 'd have to live with it . 
 his voice was strong and final . 
 `` jessica , you leave me no other choice . 
 if you take this path , you will receive no help from us . 
 you make this choice separate from pack , acting on your own as an individual . '' 
 he was giving me an option . 
 he was trying to fix this . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` i can grant you this only because there has been no official ceremony tying you to pack ... yet . '' 
 not the truth , since i was blood-born and needed no ceremony , but the vamps likely did n't know . 
 `` you are still separate from us . '' 
 he gritted his teeth and forced out , `` this time . 
 if you are successful in finding your ... mate ... and return to us alive ... you will immediately be given the proper ceremonies , and will henceforth be expected to follow pack law to the letter . '' 
 his irises flashed , telling me all i needed to know . 
 i would follow orders . 
 `` if you fail to do so , you 'll be labeled a rogue and cast out . 
 there will be no more chances . 
 my decision on this is final . '' 
 that was it . 
 `` i accept those conditions . '' 
 my brother strode forward and knelt in front of our father , his head bowed , his voice clear . 
 `` i request permission to aid my sister in her quest as a selective . 
 i will act solely as her human bodyguard . 
 i voluntarily forswear all of my rights as pack during this journey . '' 
 a selective was a paid position wolves took outside of pack for extra cash . 
 the jobs usually consisted of some kind of body-guarding or some other muscle . 
 it was understood a selective could n't shift , ever . 
 they could not call any attention to themselves , use any powers , and anything that happened to them on the job was n't pack business . 
 in a nutshell , if you were stupid enough to get yourself into trouble it was all on you . 
 it was extremely clever of tyler , and extremely dangerous . 
 he 'd be forced to stay human for the duration of the journey . 
 i would never allow it . 
 i started , `` tyler , that 's - '' `` granted , '' my father said before i could finish , clasping tyler 's shoulder as he stood up . 
 `` you have my permission to act as a selective , along with daniel walker , if he so desires . 
 all restitutions will be made in full by jessica on the eve of your return . 
 our standard hourly rates apply , of course , '' my father said with his very first hint of a grin . 
 my father had just hired two bodyguards who would likely cost more than i made in two years . 
 `` i hate to interrupt this adorable family moment , '' the queen snapped . 
 `` but the sun will be breaking the horizon shortly and we must act quickly if we are to move forward . '' 
 i turned toward her and said , `` i accept your aid . '' 
 the queen stepped from behind the altar and snapped her fingers . 
 `` eamon , naomi , come forward . '' 
 a pair of vampires , both dressed in period costumes , came forward . 
 it was clear they were siblings . 
 they stood almost the same height , same brown hair , same lilt to their enamel features , dark eyes , and arching brows . 
 both looked like they 'd been frozen in death in their early twenties , which seemed to be a common trait among the undead . 
 the queen directed her response at me next . 
 `` these two share a kin-bond and each has a particular specialty , one in tracking and the other in sensing . 
 they are not only capable of getting you to your destination safely , but they will be able to detect selene 's many defenses . '' 
 her voice turned hard . 
 `` i do not lie in telling you this is the only way you will have a chance to succeed . 
 after you breach selene 's lair , it will be up to you , and you alone , to save your mate . 
 selene is a very dangerous being . 
 none but your cat has ever bested her before . 
 she will not relinquish him easily . 
 you will have to kill her . '' 
 `` and what do you ask of me in return ? '' 
 the billion-dollar question . 
 if the price was too high , i would be forced to leave here with little chance of success . 
 my father stiffened beside me . 
 every fiber of his being rebelled at what i was about to do , but he stayed quiet , honoring his decision . 
 the queen stepped up beside me , her lips parted without shame , flaunting her delight . 
 the upper hand was hers , and if i refused-well , she would happily take glee in my sorrow . 
 `` it 's nothing really . '' 
 she gave another dismissive wave of her hand . 
 `` you will swear to return to me here in new orleans , on the eve of our annual celebration of tepes , to provide your service of guard as we enjoy our ... festivities . '' 
 my mouth fell open a teensy bit without my consent . 
 `` you want me to serve as a guard dog at your annual gala ? '' 
 i asked incredulously . 
 she did n't want my firstborn ? 
 or my blood drained hourly ? 
 or primal torture at the hands of valdov ? 
 `` oh , it is n't merely a party , little wolf girl . 
 it 's an ... event . 
 it lasts for a full fortnight , and the revelry can get quite ... out of hand . 
 we have hired mercenaries in the past , like your cat , to keep things in check and away from human knowledge . 
 but this year we will require a more civilized crowd , for this year marks the five hundred and fiftieth year of our celebrations , and we plan to ... outdo ourselves . '' 
 creepy chills slid up my spine . 
 i did n't want to know what they were going to outdo . 
 my brain raced as i tried to process . 
 there was a catch . 
 there was always a catch . 
 my coming back here , under this horror-filled roof once again , would be a major stroke in her favor . 
 anything could happen to me in fourteen days . 
 plus , if she was willing to take the measures she had to get me here this time , i was clearly missing something about the good queen 's interest in me . 
 i planned to remedy that as soon as possible . 
 my father glowered at the queen , distaste pulling his lips . 
 the queen crossed her arms and tapped her foot . 
 apparently i was taking too long . 
 `` if i agree to swear to your demands , it will come with several of my own stipulations , '' i rambled , thinking fast , `` or i walk out now and take my chances . '' 
 she shrugged like my meager requests meant nothing . 
 `` name them and we shall see . '' 
 `` after my duties are fulfilled at the ... party '' - it sounded so ridiculous - `` i will leave here alive and ... untouched . '' 
 my skin crawled . 
 `` i stay no longer than fourteen days . '' 
 the queen appeared bored . 
 `` yes , yes , you will be alive . 
 you have my solemn word . '' 
 `` during my time here , i wo n't be your prisoner . 
 i will enter and leave the premises freely , showing up for my duties when necessary . '' 
 `` yes , '' she ground out , her bored look changing to a glint of anger . 
 here was the kicker , something i was going to insist on . 
 `` and if my mate lives , he will be allowed to accompany me . '' 
 i was a realistic gal . 
 there was no way rourke was going to agree to let me romp around with vamps without him . 
 plus , once i got him back , i planned on enjoying him . 
 before the queen could answer , tyler strode to my side . 
 `` and she will also be allowed ten bodyguards . 
 to ensure you intend to honor your agreement about her safety fully . '' 
 the queen 's eyes dilated to full black , her incisors dropping in an instant . 
 there was a horrible hissing as she shrieked , `` how dare you question my honor ! '' 
 the power in the room rose to a suffocating degree and my hand shot to my throat . 
 my father calmly stepped in front of her and bellowed , `` enough ! '' 
 the queen came up short , still hissing , her fingernails curved to hideously sharp points . 
 her skin slipping again . 
 man , i was never going to get used to that . 
 `` eudoxia '' - my father was an inch away from attacking - `` you come too close in your threats . '' 
 the queen trembled with fury . 
 she struggled to tamp it all down . 
 she 'd pushed her power too far , now she risked losing her prize . 
 `` i will not ... i will not tolerate being called without honor in my own home . '' 
 the vampires in the room started to hiss , crowding themselves in behind the wolves . 
 everyone was on edge . 
 `` eudoxia , you fool no one , '' my father snarled . 
 `` it 's very clear to all of us standing here you want my daughter , for some reason i do n't quite understand . 
 but rest assured , henceforth i will make it my greatest quest to find out . '' 
 his eyes flashed a brilliant violet . 
 `` understand this now , my daughter is not yours to take . 
 i will never let her go without a fight . 
 we have been forced into an agreement at this time , but the terms she has already brought forth will stand , and in addition , you will hire ten of my wolves as your ... guards , '' he spat , `` and personally guarantee their safety . 
 make no mistake , eudoxia , by the time my daughter arrives back here to fulfill her oath to you , she will be full pack . 
 and she will be protected as such . '' 
 the queen 's eyes had returned to their normal silver glow , but her incisors stayed put . 
 `` five , '' she snarled through her fangs . 
 my father started to respond , but i interjected quickly , `` five ! 
 i agree to five wolves , a werefox , and a witch . 
 well , a minor witch . 
 if this is going to play out like a job , i want my team . '' 
 i added for good measure , `` that 's my final offer . 
 take it or leave it . '' 
 the queen snapped her furious glare to me , her long canines so white they stood out like ivory knives against her red lips . 
 `` it is done . '' 
 before any of us could react , she swept up the dais . 
 `` my vampires will begin the hunt at nightfall . 
 they will first go to the mountains to ascertain selene 's trail . 
 expect them at your door in two eves from this day . 
 be prepared to leave then . '' 
 i did n't want to ask how she knew where my door was . 
 `` now swear an oath to me , little wolf girl . '' 
 her lips spread into a hideous smile , her teeth ridiculously long and sharp , her eyes flashing danger . 
 am i really going to do this ? 
 `` i swear to ... '' i recited everything we agreed on carefully , and for good measure i threw in , `` and if your two vamps kill my mate , or any other vampire tries to for that matter , my oath to you will be considered forfeit . 
 and i will come back and kill you instead . '' 
 then before she could interject , i added , `` this is my oath of honor . 
 i give it freely to eudoxia , the queen of the vampires . '' 
 from the screams following us out , it seemed my end of the bargain was n't looking so bad after all . 
 24 hank was missing . 
 it was the only piece of news i 'd received since we 'd emerged from the vamp hold . 
 no one knew what had happened to him . 
 my father had decided to give him space to grieve his son before he ordered him found . 
 hopefully that would happen before hank came for me in the middle of the night , hell-bent on revenge for his son 's demise . 
 it was n't a stretch to assume hank knew what his son had been doing , and keeping that kind of information from his alpha carried a hefty punishment , if not death . 
 but i had enough to worry about without adding hank into the mix . 
 after a plane ride home , the wolves dispersed . 
 tyler and i headed back to my apartment in a cab , my father and james back to the safe house . 
 we would meet in the morning to come up with a plan . 
 i 'd snagged a t-shirt and some sweatpants at a boutique in the new orleans airport , so i was presentable enough . 
 i could n't help my smell , however , even though i 'd given myself a half-assed rinse in the restroom . 
 luckily , the cab 's greasy takeout stench masked any of my unpleasantness for the time being . 
 i laid my head back against the headrest and shut my eyes . 
 i was tired and hungry . 
 `` so danny 's been staying at my place , right ? '' 
 i asked . 
 tyler stretched out his legs , jostling me a little . 
 `` yep . 
 he was injured during the attack , broke a few ribs , gushing head wound , so dad put him at your place to look after things . 
 he was pissed he could n't come along . '' 
 i raked my hands through my hair and tried to energize myself . 
 so many things needed my attention i did n't have the pleasure of curling up and going to sleep . 
 the manhunt for rourke would take resources and he was my first priority . 
 `` god , it feels like i 've been gone for at least two months , and it 's only been a day and a half , '' i said . 
 `` i should 've called nick when we reached the airport . 
 i was just too tired . '' 
 `` nick was put in charge of the safe house while we were gone . 
 he 's been updated regularly . 
 he wanted to meet us at the airport , but i told him we were fine . '' 
 tyler cleared his voice , which got my attention . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well , there 's been ... '' he paused for a long second . '' 
 ... well , i guess you could say there 've been some issues concerning that cop ray hart . 
 nick 's sort of been forced to ... cover for your absence again . '' 
 my head snapped off the headrest so quickly i had to brace my hands on the seat in front of me to stop my momentum . 
 `` what did you just say ? '' 
 when he did n't answer immediately , i shot a fist into his shoulder . 
 `` come on ! 
 what are you talking about ? 
 what issues with ray ? '' 
 `` it seems he 's gone missing , '' my brother said carefully , glancing out the window , not meeting my eyes . 
 `` what do you mean , missing ? '' 
 `` it means , '' tyler grumbled , turning toward me , `` he clocked in at work yesterday and was scheduled to come by your apartment first thing in the morning , and was n't seen again . 
 when he did n't show up at the end of his shift , they tracked his car ... to your lot . 
 nobody knows what happened to him . '' 
 `` nobody human , you mean ? '' 
 i said , my voice low and angry . 
 `` why was n't i informed of this before right now ? 
 you know how this is going to look-they 'll be all over my ass now . 
 i ca n't just waltz back into my apartment , into my life , completely clueless . 
 there could be a whole swat team waiting to arrest me . '' 
 `` i did n't tell you on the plane because there was n't a damn thing you could 've done about it . 
 plus , you were too busy trying to convince me not to help you as a selective , remember ? '' 
 i gave him a searing look . 
 `` well , what did danny say ? 
 if he 's been at the apartment this whole time , he must 've seen ray . '' 
 i lowered my voice . 
 `` you did n't tell danny to ... '' `` no . '' 
 tyler shook his head . 
 `` there have n't been any official orders about what to do about the cop yet . 
 but there will be at some point . 
 that man is a nuisance . '' 
 `` what did danny say ? '' 
 i urged . 
 `` that 's the problem , '' tyler said . 
 `` i have n't exactly been able to get a hold of him in the last twenty-four hours . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` he 's not answering his phone . '' 
 i rocked my head backward and closed my eyes . 
 `` tyler , you have got to be kidding me . 
 and you have n't told any of this to dad either ? '' 
 `` no , i have n't . 
 dad has more than enough to deal with right now . 
 plus , this is a minor issue . '' 
 `` minor ? '' 
 i lowered my voice because the cabbie had started to glance back at us in the rearview mirror . 
 `` a detective is missing . 
 the very same detective who wants a chunk of my soul . 
 if a fully competent wolf does n't answer his phone , that equals b-i-g trouble-trouble i do n't need right now . '' 
 i whined at the end , but i could n't help it . 
 before tyler could answer , the cabbie stopped in front of my building . 
 i peered out the window , eyeing the redbrick facade for anything amiss while tyler paid him . 
 once we were out , we waited for him to drive off before either of us said anything , both of us sampling the air . 
 there were no traces of supe , marcy 's spell still in action . 
 tyler turned to me . 
 `` listen , jess , you 're going to have to trust me on this one . 
 if danny was in serious trouble , i 'd know it . 
 something must 've happened when ray showed up , but it could n't have been that big or we would 've found out one way or another . 
 the two of us are just going to go up there and find out what it is and solve it ourselves . '' 
 he cocked his head at me pointedly , and then brushed my mind : and we 're going to have to do it quietly . 
 i finally understood . 
 the real reason tyler had waited so long to clue me in . 
 okay , i get it now . 
 if danny has somehow hurt ray without orders , you want us to figure it out and cover it up on our own ? 
 right ? 
 immediate visions of another body-shaped duffel being launched out of my apartment popped into my brain . 
 i brought my fingers up to the bridge of my nose . 
 and then we 're supposed to tell our father ... what , exactly ? 
 we 'll tell dad whatever he needs to know when it 's all done . 
 once it 's all shored up there can be no complaint , and there 's no reason he needs to know right this minute anyway . 
 most likely nothing 's going on ; it 's all just pure speculation at this point and we do n't need to bother him with our speculation . 
 he read my face . 
 danny 's on probation almost all the time because he goes off on his own too much . 
 if he 's killed a detective without orders there will be serious repercussions for him . 
 it does n't matter if he 's one of the pack 's best fighters . 
 i 'm just saying it might not be a bad idea for us to see for ourselves what happened here first . 
 get a handle on the situation . 
 after all , we 're just on our way home from a long flight , what do we really know for sure ? 
 `` you 're playing with fire , little brother , '' i said out loud . 
 `` not your typical style , but i kind of like it . '' 
 i grabbed his shirtsleeve . 
 `` come on , let 's go get this over with . '' 
 the smell of fear and something unknown permeated my hallway as we rounded the top of the landing . 
 my wolf was alert , searching for any potential danger . 
 there would be no repeat of the rogue attack . 
 my brother and i edged cautiously down the corridor , my nose working to categorize the strange scents . 
 do you know what that smell is ? 
 it 's almost like rotting peaches . 
 tyler answered . 
 nope . 
 i do n't recognize it other than it 's definitely a supe of some kind . 
 that did not bode well for us-or for danny-or ray , for that matter , if he was indeed tangled in this . 
 and how could he not be ? 
 strangely , juanita 's voice broke the silence , her hearty laugh ringing out in the hallway , followed by a low male murmur . 
 my stress level relaxed somewhat . 
 i glanced at my brother . 
 that just came from my apartment , right ? 
 juanita 's jubilant tone mixed with danny 's smooth alto became more clear as we continued down the hallway , but since our apartments were directly across from each other , there was a slight possibility my ears were picking up on some kind of echo . 
 yep , seems danny has company . 
 whatever 's happened ca n't be that bad , then , and that means i was right . 
 he better not have tried anything on my neighbor . 
 other than those two voices , the hallway was quiet . 
 our flight out of new orleans had left at six a.m. . 
 it was now ten-thirty in the morning on a workday . 
 most of my neighbors were at work . 
 please . 
 tyler snorted . 
 danny can have anyone he wants , he 's not making a move on your elderly neighbor . 
 she 's not elderly ! 
 and she happens to be voluptuous and sexy for her age . 
 he 'd be lucky to have her . 
 but he better not have . 
 i 'm just saying . 
 tyler snorted again . 
 as we approached my door , i motioned for tyler to stand behind me . 
 the rotten peach smell was all over , clogging both of our senses . 
 i put my ear to the door to make sure there were only two voices inside and grabbed on to the handle . 
 i gave it a slow turn . 
 there was movement , no catches . 
 i eased it open . 
 `` hello , '' i called . 
 `` i 'm home . '' 
 `` hello there . '' 
 danny gave a little salute from his place on the floor , on what appeared to be a plaid picnic blanket full of empty plates and a couple of red-stained wineglasses . 
 `` glad to see you back in town so soon . '' 
 `` um , it 's good to be back . '' 
 i tentatively made my way into the strange scene of my apartment , followed closely by tyler . 
 danny ran his gaze over me from head to toe and smiled , not bothering to get up from his spot on the floor . 
 `` too bad about the outfit , then . 
 but i 'm certain flip-flops are going to make quite a comeback this season . '' 
 juanita sprang to her feet . 
 `` oh , chica , es so good to see you ! '' 
 she ran over and embraced me , and i let her because everything was a bit surreal . 
 `` it 's good to see you too , juanita , but what are you doing here ? '' 
 i had to ask . 
 `` after all the loud noises , '' she said , `` i rush over here to check on what es going on , jus like you told me to do , and i find him here alone '' - she pointed at danny - `` and he es so nice and tell me he es protecting jour home for you . 
 i believe him after all the bad break-ins and troubles , so i bring him food because he has none . 
 we are keeping watch together , you see , so now jour apartment weel be safe . '' 
 i followed her logic fine , even though it was n't even close to what i had told her to do . 
 she could 've gotten herself killed coming over here alone ; she 'd been very lucky . 
 i was glad she was safe , but the cloying stench of rotten peaches was so intense now that we were inside i had a hard time concentrating on anything she said . 
 `` that 's great , juanita , and thank you for bringing food and helping keep watch . '' 
 i met danny 's eye over her shoulder . 
 i arched a single brow . 
 ignoring the horrid smell was not an option and i wanted to know what was going on . 
 tyler cleared his voice behind me . 
 `` so everything 's okay in here ? 
 right ? 
 no problems that you know of ? '' 
 before danny could answer , juanita walked over and started stacking empty dinner plates together . 
 `` oh , si , everytheen es fine . 
 nobody or nothing bothered us here . '' 
 danny grinned as he finally stood , his brown hair falling in his eye . 
 `` you two must be tired after such a last-minute trip , '' he said , placing a plate onto juanita 's stack . 
 `` i was explaining to your neighbor about your sick grandmother , but she 's as good as new , right ? 
 recovered from that frightful injury ? '' 
 `` um , yes , '' i said , picking up the thread . 
 `` she 's a sturdy old goat , so she 's already back on her feet . 
 turns out she did n't need our help after all , so we came home . '' 
 `` that 's such a relief , chica . '' 
 juanita solemnly nodded . 
 `` grandparents are so fragile . '' 
 danny put a few more dishes onto juanita 's stack , then bent down and folded the plaid blanket , turning to us . 
 `` you two look like you could use a bit of a freshen-up . 
 you know , to get rid of jet lag ? 
 perhaps a shower ? 
 or maybe your teeth need a good solid brushing ? 
 and while you 're tending to that , i 'll just help the lovely juanita back to her apartment . '' 
 i glanced at my brother . 
 his face was stony . 
 neither of us was going to like what we found , i guaranteed it . 
 `` um , okay , i 'll go first , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm dying to ... brush my teeth . '' 
 i started toward my tiny bathroom . 
 `` and , juanita , thanks for taking care of danny . 
 but you have to promise me one thing : the next time you hear any noises , please call first . 
 or better yet , lock your door and do n't come out . 
 i would never forgive myself if you got hurt on my account . '' 
 `` okay , chica . 
 i call first next time . '' 
 she winked and headed for the front door . 
 the bathroom door was shut and i eased it open , listening before i slipped inside . 
 the smell was so thick i coughed , covering my mouth with the palm of my hand as my eyes landed on the only place they could possibly go in the small space-the bathtub . 
 there , lying naked and dead , was my super , jeff arnold . 
 he looked awful , his pasty skin and thinning hair only accentuating his crumpled pale visage . 
 `` oh my gods . '' 
 i pushed my hand tighter to my face . 
 i knelt down by him , and the stinky peach mixed with death made me produce bile . 
 i had no idea what kind of supe he was , but it was obvious he 'd been one . 
 the front door of my apartment clicked shut , then tyler was crowded behind me , followed by danny in the now open doorway . 
 `` what the f ** k is all this ? '' 
 tyler turned toward danny . 
 `` when you did n't answer your phone i thought that ass ** le detective ray hart put a bullet in your brain . '' 
 `` no bullet , mate , '' danny said . 
 `` the reason i could n't call you is this guy here '' - danny gestured toward jeff - `` broke my bloody phone during our brief interlude . 
 i could n't very well leave and go out and make a phone call , now could i ? 
 then i had to deal with your neighbor well enough after she heard all the commotion . 
 though she makes an excellent pie . 
 it was truly delicious . '' 
 `` danny , what happened here ? '' 
 i pushed by them and made my way out of the bathroom . 
 i had to get away from the stench . 
 they followed me into the living room . 
 i placed my hands on my hips and turned in a full circle , trying to get my brain back on board with what i just witnessed . 
 `` i 'm having trouble understanding why my super is lying dead in my bathtub . '' 
 `` well , it 's a very simple story actually , '' danny started . 
 `` i was minding my own business , convalescing as ordered by your father . 
 my wounds were quite severe , as i 'm sure you were informed-not to worry , though , all shipshape now-when i heard someone sneaking into your apartment as bold as day . 
 he was n't technically breaking in , you see , since he had his own key , but nevertheless he woke me out of a perfectly lovely sleep . 
 i 'd been dreaming about the dallas cowboys cheerleaders , who are , for the record , a naughty lot of - '' `` danny , '' i said sharply . 
 `` please stay on topic . '' 
 `` of course . 
 so naturally i did my duty and came out to investigate the disturbance . 
 our man was toting a rather large bag of very suspicious goods , and when he saw me he had the nerve to pull out a gun . '' 
 danny infused some outrage . 
 `` which i kindly knocked from his hands as quick as you like , and i was about to break his sorry little neck when out of nowhere he dropped to the floor and began shifting into a bloody weasel . '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 tyler and i both balked . 
 `` a bloody weasel shifter the size of a large dog . '' 
 danny spread his hands to indicate a hefty size . 
 `` then he jumped on my back like a possessed little f ** k and went after my flesh like a piranha ... scenting blood . '' 
 jeff was a shifter ? 
 never in a million years would i have guessed that . 
 the peach smell , obviously his signature scent , would n't have meant much to me as a human , and he 'd definitely stayed clear of me since . 
 he must have had a lackey deliver my new set of door keys , because i would 've picked up the peach scent if he had brought them himself . 
 but the million-dollar question was , what did he want ? 
 and who was he working for ? 
 there was no way a guy like jeff arnold was a one-man operation . 
 he did n't have enough motivation in one of his pinky fingers , let alone enough brainpower to hatch a plan to catch a wolf . 
 he was likely recruited for the job or someone had forced him into it . 
 either way , it should n't be too hard to track down the trail . 
 `` i 've never heard of a wereweasel before , '' my brother said . 
 `` and i 'm positive i 've never smelled one . '' 
 he wrinkled his nose . 
 `` i would 've remembered that stink anywhere . '' 
 `` well , i can assure you they bloody well exist , '' danny bristled . 
 `` but what the little shite was n't expecting was a werewolf counterattack , and i 'd like to kindly point out that a weasel and a wolf make a highly unbalanced fight . 
 after i shifted , it took me under three seconds to take him out . '' 
 `` you shifted ? 
 right here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` in my apartment ? '' 
 `` of course i shifted , '' danny said indignantly . 
 `` i had to shake off the bloody wereweasel who was ripping chunks out of my back with his devilish little claws and sharp , pointy teeth . 
 i could n't get the bastard off without shifting . 
 but , of course , that 's when the detective came sniffing around , so i - '' `` what ! '' 
 i shouted , grabbing on to his arms . 
 `` danny , you said this happened last night . 
 ray came here in the morning . 
 please tell me he did not see you shift ! '' 
 `` no , i never said it was at night , you just assumed it was . 
 and yes , he did see me , but i had almost fully finished by the time he came round , so he did n't get to see the lot of it . 
 but he did see me toss a weasel-the size of bloody benji-against the wall . 
 after that i had no choice - '' `` danny , '' i half yelled , half begged . 
 `` please tell me you did not kill ray hart . '' 
 `` of course i did n't kill him ! '' 
 he had the nerve to look shocked like poor jeff was n't lying in my bathroom lifeless . 
 `` i do n't kill people who do n't threaten me directly . 
 no need to worry your pretty little head about it . 
 i have n't killed him , i 've just tied him up in your closet for the time being . 
 not that we wo n't be killing him later , because he 's uncovered our secret , but i could n't just let him walk out of here , now could i ? '' 
 i stood there frozen . 
 ray was tied up in my closet ? 
 danny continued without pausing , `` damn well nearly pissed his pants when i launched myself at him . 
 it was lucky for me he fainted dead away . 
 always makes the job of securing them a whole lot easier when they go limp . 
 but i did n't actually realize it was the detective until nick came by just in time to fob off the police when they came to the door searching for him . 
 nick convinced them they 'd already checked this apartment thoroughly . 
 bloody convenient , persuasion is . 
 wish i had that knack . 
 it 's quite handy in a mess like this . '' 
 i did n't bother to answer , since i was already running down the hallway toward my bedroom . 
 my bed had been well slept in and the floor was littered with takeout bags and empty plates . 
 it seemed poor danny had n't been without resources after all . 
 i approached the closet doors slowly and stood there for a full minute gathering myself . 
 i was n't sure what i was going to see when i whipped them open , and visions of the recent dead man in my bathtub gave me pause . 
 my fingers grazed the knobs and in one motion i yanked the accordion doors back . 
 to my immediate relief there was a very angry , but very alive , detective sitting on a pile of my shoes . 
 he was gagged with what looked to be a pair of my pantyhose . 
 both ray 's hands were tied behind his back with something i could n't see , but it seemed to be holding him well enough . 
 he glowered at me with so much hatred and loathing-if he 'd been a wolf , i might have shied away for a second . 
 but he was n't . 
 i squatted down to his level . 
 `` hi , ray . 
 so glad to see you 're alive and well . 
 are you enjoying your little stay in my closet ? '' 
 he did n't try to move , which meant he must 've been sufficiently freaked out by what he had witnessed with danny and the canine-sized wereweasel . 
 instead , he unleashed a string of curses i could n't fully understand due to his gag but immediately recognized in their entirety anyway . 
 his faced turned beet red with each effort and saliva pooled along the corners of his mouth . 
 `` ray , '' i chastised . 
 `` i 'm going to need you to calm down . 
 i know you 're incredibly agitated right now , but look on the bright side-you 're still breathing . 
 that 's a very big accomplishment at the moment . 
 most people in your current position would n't have breath left in their bodies after what you witnessed . '' 
 more swearing and some agitated movements . 
 `` listen , as much as i 'd love to have a big heart-to-heart , you 're going to have to hold on to those thoughts for now , '' i told him . 
 `` i just came back here to make sure you were n't dead . 
 now that i 've seen you with my own eyes , i 've got to get back to my living room and sort out another round of chaos that 's become my normal life . 
 if you can believe it , i have bigger things to attend to than you right now , so you 're just going to have to hold tight . '' 
 i stood up right as ray 's leg struck out , connecting solidly with my knee . 
 the blow staggered me back a foot , but i recovered in a snap . 
 furious did n't even come close . 
 i sprang at more-than-human speed right into ray 's personal space . 
 his eyes widened in surprise and fear leaked out of him like air from a punctured tire . 
 i growled to enhance the effect . 
 `` listen to me very carefully , raymond hart . 
 you have forced your way into something that was never any of your business to learn . 
 do you understand me ? 
 you 're a self-centered , egotistical , thick-necked , mean-assed cop . 
 one who could never leave well enough alone . '' 
 he winced at the force of my words . 
 `` i never , and i repeat never , deserved your dogged pursuit of me . 
 nothing has warranted your extreme hatred of me , and now you 're in way over your head , and guess what ? 
 it 's become my f ** king job to dig you out . 
 do you understand the irony of this whole situation ? 
 it 's certainly not lost on me . '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` now , in a normal scenario you do n't live to see tomorrow , '' i said , my voice icy calm . 
 `` that 's just how it works . 
 so if you do n't want to end up dead , you 're going to have to start treating me like i 'm your best friend until i have a chance to figure this out , and it 's going to take me more than seven seconds to do it . 
 understood ? '' 
 more fear swirled in the air , accompanied by slight annoyance . 
 ray gave me a few more rapid blinks . 
 he was a piece of work , that was for damn sure . 
 `` contrary to what you might think , i do n't want to kill you . '' 
 he deserved to know that much from me . 
 `` you can choose to believe me or not , i do n't really care . 
 but right now , you have no choice but to wait patiently . 
 if you make any move to escape , or do anything stupid , we will know it immediately . 
 do n't test us . 
 the big guys in the other room wo n't hesitate to take you out , and i wo n't be able to stop them . '' 
 i could n't resist adding , `` blink twice if you understand me . '' 
 if he could 've killed me with his brainpower alone , i 'd already be dead . 
 but very slowly he blinked twice . 
 `` good . 
 see you in a few minutes , ray . '' 
 i shut the closet doors . 
 garbled curses followed me back into the living room . 
 my brother was on the phone calling for a cleaning crew to deal with jeff . 
 i got down to business . 
 `` okay , danny , were you able to get anything off of jeff before juanita came in ? 
 we 're going to have to figure out who he 's working for and why he was here in the first place . '' 
 `` his pockets were clean and other than some low-level surveillance equipment and a few cheap bugs , there was nothing of value in the bag he carried . 
 i 'd planned to sneak down to his apartment as soon as the detective was settled , but your lovely neighbor waylaid my carefully made plans . '' 
 `` his apartment 's a good place to start . 
 i 'm assuming it should n't be too hard to piece it together . 
 jeff was not the brightest bulb - '' a force slammed into me , knocking the breath out of my body as i hit the living room wall . 
 my wolf howled , springing at the red lines that had suddenly emerged in my mind , snapping her jaws fiercely . 
 it was one of selene 's spells . 
 why now ? 
 no time to ponder , we had to get rid of it . 
 we conquered the last one , we need to get this one too . 
 my wolf growled and lashed at the red amassing quickly in my mind . 
 i gasped for air , sliding down the rough brick into a sitting position , trying my best to breathe . 
 the spell was cutting off all my bodily functions . 
 `` jess , jesus christ , look at your hands . '' 
 tyler knelt beside me and grabbed a hold of my wrists . 
 danny squatted next to him . 
 `` that looks like trouble if i 've ever seen any . '' 
 i forced my neck down so i could see my hands lying in tyler 's grasp . 
 red veins were spreading upward at an alarming rate , starting from the very tips of my fingers like an oil spill , slowly seeping up my forearms . 
 pain raced up to my shoulder , ahead of the spell , and back down my spine , zinging it with fire . 
 this was n't the same spell she 'd hit me with in the clearing . 
 this spell was different . 
 the bitch gave us two . 
 she must have snuck one in under valdov 's nose . 
 this one must have had a waiting period before activation . 
 if the vampire knew she 'd put a spell in my body to kill me , there would 've been backlash . 
 sneaky witch . 
 all my limbs stiffened ; i could n't move anything . 
 inside my head , my wolf kept hacking at the spell . 
 i pushed power into her , trying to feed her control . 
 my arms throbbed and burned with a searing heat . 
 my body 's instinct was to change , but it was too risky . 
 the spell would probably kill me before i could shift . 
 i had to defeat it now . 
 `` jess , can you hear me ? '' 
 tyler voice echoed in my ear . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 you have to answer me . '' 
 my eyes were open , but i could n't blink . 
 tyler turned to danny . 
 `` get my father on the phone . 
 we need help . '' 
 no . 
 `` no , '' i managed on a harsh breath . 
 both boys turned to stare at me . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 i had to deal with this on my own . 
 if my father found out , there was no way he 'd let me leave town . 
 i had to find my mate . 
 at all costs . 
 no matter what was going on with jeff , or any of the other craziness , finding rourke was my priority . 
 my only priority . 
 `` no . '' 
 it came out slowly . 
 `` please . '' 
 my brother and danny waited , both of them crouched next to me , concern on their faces . 
 i battled the insidious spell , pushing more control at my wolf , trying to draw power from my body and direct it at her , pumping her full . 
 she ripped and struck at the red mass in a fervor , too fast for me to follow . 
 i gasped for more air , my lungs barely inflating . 
 we have to do this , i told her . 
 we have to be stronger than her or we lose him forever . 
 it 's giving a little , i can feel it . 
 we 're almost there . 
 i promise you she 's not going to win this . 
 we are stronger . 
 my wolf snarled , gnashing her teeth , forcing the lines back into submission , tearing the spell apart before it could fully metastasize in my body , which was exactly what it was trying to do . 
 i channeled one last burst of power , using everything i could gather , and aimed it at my wolf . 
 a moment of clarity hit my mind , a bright concentration of power , and the spell snapped once and for all . 
 the lines broke apart , dangling limply in my mind like a tattered spiderweb swaying in the wind . 
 then very slowly all the color dissipated , seeping back the way it 'd come , like eels sliding back into their holes . 
 my wolf continued to growl , lashing at the retreating lines until no red remained . 
 but the ugliness had n't gone away forever . 
 the spell was still there . 
 it 'd just gone dormant . 
 when the last remnant of red vanished i fell forward , coughing for air , taking in short deep breaths . 
 after a solid minute of panting , i finally looked up , sweaty and spent . 
 `` she 's trying to kill me . '' 
 `` who 's trying to kill you ? '' 
 tyler asked . 
 i 'd forgotten tyler had been out cold when selene had blasted me in the clearing . 
 `` selene . '' 
 i rested my head back against the wall . 
 `` it seems she left me a fun parting gift from our party together in the woods . '' 
 but she was n't going to win . 
 `` it looked a bit touch-and-go there for a second , '' danny said , his face worried . 
 `` you 're not talking about selene the actual lunar goddess , are you ? '' 
 `` the very one . '' 
 the whore was trying to kill me . 
 `` what kind of a spell is it ? '' 
 tyler asked . 
 `` it looked like it was going to consume your entire body . '' 
 `` i think it was a ... death spell of some kind , '' i said quietly , knowing tyler was n't going to take that news well . 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means i have to kill the bitch before she kills me . '' 
