 chapter one `` do not put yourselves in any jeopardy . 
 your job is to infiltrate the gang by showing interest in joining , find out if they 're using murder as a rite of initiation , and then get out . 
 alive . '' 
 `` that 's my plan , too . '' 
 della tsang answered with sass looking up at burnett james , one of the shadow falls academy owners who also just so happened to work for the fru-fallen research unit-which was basically the fbi of the supernatural world . 
 `` we do n't want you to bring anyone in . 
 we do n't want you to take care of the bad guys . '' 
 burnett continued staring right at her . 
 afternoon sun poured into the window of the shadow falls office behind him . 
 the crystals sitting on shelves caught the light and cast rainbow-colored mirages on the wall . 
 they danced and shifted as if magical . 
 and maybe they were . 
 crap like that happened all the time here . 
 `` actually , burnett said , drawing della 's attention back to him , `` we do n't think this is the group , but if it is , with your testimony , we 'll have enough proof to get a search warrant and we 're pretty damn positive we should find all the evidence we need to convict . '' 
 burnett , six feet plus , with dark hair and eyes , was a hard-ass who worried way too much , but being a vampire like herself , della respected him and his hardassness . 
 she just wished the respect was mutual . 
 seriously , did n't he trust her ? 
 did n't he know she could friggin ' take care of herself ? 
 did he really have to go over this again ? 
 `` i understand , sir . '' 
 steve , the brown-haired , brown-eyed , great-bodied guy sitting next to her spoke up when she did n't . 
 for the first time , della noticed his voice held a hint of a southern accent that was n't just texan . 
 della glanced over . 
 steve gave burnett his complete attention . 
 what an ass-kisser . 
 steve was evidence that burnett did n't trust her . 
 why else would burnett insist steve go with her ? 
 she did n't need the shape-shifter . 
 he was just going to slow her down . 
 `` wait , '' burnett said , pacing across the office again . 
 `` let me rephrase that . 
 i do n't want you to just get out alive . 
 i want you to get out just the way you went in . 
 not wounded , not bruised , and for god 's sake , do n't leave any dead bodies behind . 
 you got that ? '' 
 `` now you 're taking all the fun out of it , '' della smarted off . 
 burnett growled . 
 `` i 'm not joking and if you ca n't take this seriously then get your vampire butt out of here , because i 'm not playing around . '' 
 della slumped back in her chair , knowing when to shut her mouth . 
 she really wanted to do this assignment for the fru . 
 wanted to win burnett 's respect . 
 everyone needed someone to impress . 
 and since impressing her parents was n't an option anymore , she 'd settle for burnett . 
 not that impressing anyone was the only reason she wanted to go . 
 even before she 'd been turned into a vampire , she 'd considered a career in criminal justice-something that allowed her to kick butt . 
 of course , her parents had frowned on that . 
 they had her earmarked to be a doctor . 
 they had her earmarked to be a lot of things . 
 but not a vampire . 
 not that they knew what she was . 
 the way della figured it , if they went bat-shit crazy just because she 'd stopping eating rice-which after being turned tasted like curdled toe jam-how the hell were they going to accept that she was a blood-drinking vampire ? 
 the answer was obvious . 
 they would n't , could n't accept it . 
 lucky for her , she 'd been accepted into shadow falls-a boarding school for supernaturals-and did n't have to worry what her parents thought about her choice of careers , or whether she ate her rice or not . 
 and yet ... now della could n't help but question if they ever thought or worried about her at all . 
 did they sit down to eat dinner and notice her chair was empty ? 
 did her mom ever forget and set an extra plate at the table ? 
 she doubted it . 
 yes , they came to the parents ' day visitations , but they were always the first to leave , and eager to do it . 
 especially her father , the man della had spent her entire life trying to impress . 
 a daddy 's girl , her mom used to call her . 
 not anymore . 
 no doubt her sister had taken over that role . 
 turning vampire had n't been della 's choice . 
 it was one of those things life slapped on your ass and you just had to accept it . 
 which meant she 'd had to accept that her family would never be able to accept her . 
 not that it really bothered her . 
 not anymore . 
 she was so over it . 
 `` am i making myself clear ? '' 
 burnett asked , yanking her back to reality . 
 `` one hundred percent , '' della said , working hard to keep her attitude from spilling over . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 steve nodded . 
 yup , an ass-kisser . 
 `` okay , you got your orders ? '' 
 burnett said . 
 `` you know where to go and what your cover is ? 
 they expect you to meet them at four in the morning . 
 do n't be late , do n't be too early . 
 do n't let them lure you back to their compound . 
 the policy , if they follow their own policy , is that three of the members will meet with you to talk . 
 you get the information about joining , you get out . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 della held up the brown envelope . 
 and you 've gone over this ten times . 
 `` then go get your things . '' 
 burnett eyed della . 
 `` and please , do n't make me regret sending you on this . '' 
 `` you wo n't , '' della said . 
 della and steve stood to leave . 
 `` steve , '' burnett said . 
 `` give me a few minutes . '' 
 della looked from steve to burnett . 
 what the hell did he need to talk with steve about that could n't be said in front of her ? 
 burnett shifted his gaze to della and then cut his eyes to the door . 
 frowning , della shot up from the chair and left . 
 she stopped about fifty feet from the porch , holding her breath and not moving a muscle . 
 hoping burnett was n't still listening , she tuned her own vampire hearing and waited to discover what the hell was up . 
 the afternoon sun spilled over the trees , casting shadows on the ground as she stood frozen in one spot . 
 `` i 'm trusting you to keep della safe , '' burnett said . 
 della inwardly growled at burnett 's chauvinistic approach and fought the need to rush back in there and give him some lip . 
 i 'm the one who 's gon na have to protect his butt ! 
 `` i do not believe this is the gang we 're looking for . '' 
 burnett 's voice carried well . 
 `` or i would n't be sending you two . 
 this is just a clearance check . 
 but that does n't mean this group is n't dangerous . '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' steve 's deep voice answered . 
 `` i 'll keep her in my sight at all times . '' 
 like hell you will . 
 she already had a plan of doing a little side trip , and she did n't need steve tagging along . 
 * * * at six that evening they arrived at the cabin the fru had rented them right outside the vampire compound . 
 to call the place a dump would have been like calling one of those roach-coach vans fine dining . 
 of course , she and steve were supposed to look like a couple of supernatural teen runaways . 
 she supposed it would have looked suspicious if they 'd rented anything with even part of a star attached to its reputation . 
 but damn , this was supposed to have been a fun trip . 
 she was n't a prima donna , but sleeping on a mattress that was more dust mites than filling , with sheets that looked as if they had n't been changed in a year or so was n't her idea of fun . 
 the bed 's covers were half on and half off the mattress , and the pillow sported an indented greasy spot in the center as if someone with not-so-clean hair had slept there . 
 or maybe died there . 
 as disgusting as that thought was , one even worse hit . 
 someone had probably done the humpty dance on that bed . 
 yuck . 
 she could probably get a disease sleeping on it . 
 walking back into the tiny living area , she found steve staring at the sofa with about as much distaste as she had while gaping at the bed . 
 `` come to think about it , i 'll take the sofa , '' she said . 
 `` and i do n't want to hear any shit . 
 there ai n't no one going to get past me . '' 
 they had flown here . 
 not on a jet . 
 him as a peregrine falcon-which meant he was fast-and her as a , well , a vampire-which meant she was faster . 
 vamps and shape-shifters being the only two species who could really fly . 
 well , an occasional witch , but miranda , her wiccan roommate , swore they really did n't travel around on brooms . 
 however , steve and della 's mode of transportation also meant they really had n't spoken since they 'd left shadow falls , with the exception of when they 'd first walked into the cabin and he 'd insisted she take the bed . 
 and why ? 
 because if someone came through the door he would stop them . 
 that downright pissed her off . 
 she almost called him on being a complete chauvinistic pig , but then realized that if she wanted to sneak out later , she would n't want him traipsing into the living room before morning and finding her gone . 
 since he came across as the type with manners , and morals and stuff , who would n't come into a girl 's bedroom-at least not without an invitation-she 'd kept her mouth shut . 
 face it , she 'd take the odds of him finding her gone to the odds of those mattress germs finding her body , hands down . 
 steve cut his soft brown eyes to her and a knowing smile spread his lips . 
 he ran a hand through his brown hair , which he wore a tad longer than most guys . 
 the strands fell right back into place , looking instantly styled . 
 she doubted he went to some professional salon to get that look , but it almost appeared like he did . 
 his smile widened and he tucked one hand into his jeans pocket . 
 the stance made the muscles in that arm bulge . 
 `` so what you 're saying is that the bed is worse than the sofa ? '' 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 she tried not to laugh , but something close to it slipped out of her mouth . 
 she tried not to stare at his crooked smile and what it did to his lips and eyes . 
 or how his muscled arms looked like a safe place to fall . 
 she 'd give anything , even half a bra size to make him ... ugly . 
 and unlike her two roommates at shadow falls , she did n't have much bra size to offer . 
 she continued to stare at him . 
 she could have dealt with an ugly guy much better than one who looked like he 'd just walked off of some men 's soap advertisement . 
 and hell , she thought , breathing in his aroma , you 'd think after spending the last two hours as a bird , he would n't smell like he used some spicy-smelling men 's soap , but he did . 
 he smelled ... awesome , and that ticked her off , too . 
 if she were a witch like her bigger-boobed roommate , miranda , she 'd change him into a repulsive fowl/foul-smelling guy . 
 and she 'd also make him less ... nice . 
 she did n't like nice . 
 the only nice person della had grown fond of was kylie . 
 and she was so nice , even della could n't hate her . 
 well , right now , della did hate her . 
 hated her for leaving . 
 and if she did n't get her butt back to shadow falls soon , della was going to drag her friend back kicking and screaming . 
 sure , kylie had gone to meet her newly discovered grandfather and learn more about her species , but plain and simple , she belonged at shadow falls . 
 someone had to keep della and miranda from killing each other . 
 and no one was better at that than kylie . 
 `` we could both sleep on the sofa , '' steve said , and damn if he did n't sound serious . 
 `` not even in your dreams , bird boy ! '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` ouch , '' he said and chuckled . 
 `` i only meant your head at one end and mine at the other . 
 only our feet would be touching . '' 
 `` so you 've got a foot fetish , do you ? '' 
 she asked before she could stop herself . 
 humor brightened his eyes . 
 with him positioned right in front of the bare window , and the last rays of the setting sun beaming in , she got a good look at those eyes . 
 were those flecks of amber and green in his brown pools ? 
 his gaze lowered to her nike-covered size sixes . 
 `` i do n't know , i have n't seen your naked feet . '' 
 hearing him say the word naked with what sounded like a deep southern accent , deeper than texas , made her stomach flutter like she was twelve again and had never been kissed . 
 good lord , what was wrong with her ? 
 since when did she find a southern accent seductive ? 
 she stuck one foot behind the other . 
 `` and you wo n't see them naked , '' she snapped , not liking that they 'd been here less than five minutes and they were already ... flirting . 
 at least it felt like flirting . 
 and della tsang did n't flirt . 
 not anymore . 
 his gaze rose from her feet . 
 `` we 'll see about that , '' he said . 
 they stood there staring at each other for a second . 
 then he spoke up . 
 `` you want to go grab a bite to eat ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` i brought a couple pints of ab positive with me in my bag . '' 
 which she needed to put in the fridge . 
 while most vamps preferred their blood warm , della liked it better cold . 
 when your core temperature was 92 degrees , you appreciated things colder than yourself . 
 `` yeah , but i need food . 
 something hot and greasy . 
 nutrients for whatever the hell is gon na go down tomorrow morning . '' 
 steve had been set up to play as her shape-shifter boyfriend , a guy she 'd met after running away from home . 
 they did n't allow anyone but vampires into the gang , but if she got accepted , and he could prove his worth to them , he would be brought in as an `` extra . '' 
 basically someone they sent out to do their dirty work . 
 which was part of the reason it pissed her off that burnett insisted he come . 
 extras were considered expendable . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll protect you , '' she said . 
 `` that just warms my heart . '' 
 he put a hand over his wide chest . 
 `` come on , go with me to grab a burger . '' 
 he made it sound like a date or something . 
 frowning , she was about to call him on it when she remembered seeing a walmart not far from there and close to some fast-food joints . 
 she could pick up a set of sheets , a blanket , and some extra-strength lysol spray and maybe be able to sleep on the bed . 
 that meant she could skip out on the foot-loving , southern-speaking steve . 
 she would n't be gone long . 
 she only needed a peek . 
 a peek at the life she 'd been cheated out of . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she lit out of the room . 
 he lit out with her , and within seconds had transformed into a hauling-ass peregrine falcon . 
 she was n't certain , but she thought she 'd heard this was one of the fastest birds that existed . 
 it was n't a half-bad-looking animal , either . 
 its feathers were a blend of browns , tans , and black . 
 its eyes were striking , round , with large black pupils that seemed to take everything in . 
 and when it stretched out its wings , it almost looked like it had leopard spots . 
 della did n't know a whole lot about shape-shifters , but she 'd heard once that one sign of their power was they could shift quickly . 
 he 'd shifted into a bird pretty damn quickly . 
 not that she was impressed or anything . 
 sort of like flirting , della tsang did n't get impressed . 
 not about guys . 
 not anymore . 
 not since she 'd turned vampire , turned cold , and had her heart shattered into tiny little bitty pieces by the guy who was supposed to love her forever . 
 * * * della landed with a thud on the pavement in the back of walmart . 
 steve , still a bird , landed elegantly beside her . 
 his wings stretched out wide . 
 immediately , he started turning back into human form , and as always when a shifter turned , sparkly bubbles began floating around . 
 one of his transformation bubbles lingering in the evening air popped on her arm and sent a tiny electric current up her elbow , zinging like she 'd walked on carpet and then touched something metal . 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 steve asked , looking confused . 
 `` bedding and disinfectant . '' 
 she brushed off her elbow then looked up . 
 the sky was darkening , and the stars had n't yet come out to play . 
 lifting her nose in the air , her vampire sense of smell caught the hint of werewolf under the strong scent of motor oil . 
 `` something wrong ? '' 
 steve asked . 
 `` a few werewolves , but not too close . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` damn , let 's grab what you need , snag me a burger , and get the hell back . '' 
 she smirked . 
 `` you scared of a couple of werewolves ? '' 
 `` scared , no . 
 but we do n't need any trouble right now . '' 
 he started walking . 
 she moved with him . 
 `` sometimes trouble is fun . '' 
 `` yeah , but let 's save our energy for any trouble that finds us tomorrow . '' 
 `` anyone ever accuse you of being boring ? '' 
 she snipped . 
 `` no , but i 'll admit , i 'm more of a lover than a fighter . '' 
 she kept an eye on the dark shadows , making sure something did n't lurk there . 
 `` please , that 's so lame . '' 
 `` lame , but true . '' 
 humor sounded in his voice . 
 `` i 'll stick with lame , '' she muttered . 
 she imagined him smiling again , but afraid she 'd be pulled into his smile , she did n't chance looking at him . 
 hearing the laughter in his voice gave her stomach flutters . 
 or was she just hungry and needing some blood ? 
 entering the store , they made fast work of buying two flat sheets , a couple of pillowcases , two blankets , and some disinfectant . 
 and steve tossed in a bag of chips . 
 at the fast-food place next door he got his burger to go , but he wolfed it down as they left the joint to find a desolate spot for him to transform so they could head back . 
 he 'd finished the burger when they started down a dark alley behind the strip center . 
 she noticed he stuffed the sandwich wrapper in his pocket . 
 the guy did n't even litter , never mind the alley was covered in trash . 
 they only got about ten feet down when they heard a scream . 
 a life-or-death-sounding scream . 
 chapter two della stopped , her gaze zipping around to locate the screamer . 
 steve jerked her into the dark shadows . 
 a woman suddenly appeared at the other side of the alley running like the devil was chasing her . 
 and he might 've been , because someone slapped the pavement right on her heels . 
 a male someone . 
 `` what are they ? '' 
 steve whispered , standing so close she could feel his words against her cheek . 
 they were too far away to note the pattern in their foreheads which marked a person 's species-something all supernaturals could see-but steve obviously trusted her sense of smell . 
 she inhaled and tried to find the scents in the air besides the spicy male soap that filled her nose . 
 `` humans . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he took off down the alley . 
 the girl screamed again as the attacker tackled her . 
 della , plastic bag in tow , beat steve to the scuffle . 
 the man on top of the female shifted back and forth , using the woman as a punching bag . 
 della snagged the creep off the obvious victim and tossed him a good five feet in the air . 
 not enough to kill him , but hopefully enough to hurt when he came down . 
 blood oozed from the woman 's nose and mouth . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 della asked and crouched beside her . 
 when the scent of blood filled her nose , della had to work at not letting her eyes start to glow from hunger . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the woman sobbed out the word . 
 `` he 's my husband , but he 's drunk . '' 
 she wiped blood from her lip . 
 `` he gets mean when he drinks . '' 
 but he was n't the only one drinking . 
 della could smell booze on the woman 's breath . 
 `` this was n't your problem , '' a deep voice seethed from behind della . 
 if she had n't been so intent on the woman , she 'd have heard him coming . 
 della glanced up . 
 looming over them stood the drunk husband , who she obviously had n't thrown nearly hard enough . 
 of course , that could be fixed . 
 he reached for della , fury in his eyes and alcohol on his breath . 
 `` but you made it your problem now , bitch ! '' 
 before she could shoot up , steve caught the man by the arm and swung him around . 
 fists started flying . 
 della heard what sounded like a few punches hitting bone . 
 she could swear the jerk got a punch in on steve . 
 bolting to her feet with plans to end the fight , steve ended it first . 
 he threw a hard right . 
 the woman 's dear old husband took that right directly to the face and fell over cold . 
 it would have been nice to savor the moment of success , but a pair of flashing blue police lights appeared at the end of the alley . 
 steve turned to della . 
 `` we need to get the hell out of here . '' 
 della grabbed her bag and they took off at a sprint . 
 in the distance she heard the cops yelling for everyone to stop . 
 they did n't . 
 they could n't . 
 burnett had n't been specific about them not getting arrested , but she had a feeling he 'd frown upon it . 
 `` police ! 
 i said stop , '' the policeman yelled again . 
 footsteps echoed behind them , making their way down the alley . 
 they cut the corner into a side alley , and della did n't know if they had time to get the hell out without the officers seeing their escape . 
 * * * the refrigerator at the cabin did n't have an ice machine . 
 she supposed she should be glad it had one ice tray with five pieces of ice in it . 
 she emptied the five tiny cubes into a new pillowcase and handed it to steve . 
 his eye was almost swollen shut . 
 `` hold it against your eye , '' she said . 
 they 'd gotten away from the police , but barely . 
 she stared at steve 's injury . 
 `` why did n't you change into something and maul his ass ? '' 
 she bit out . 
 `` you do n't transform in front of humans , '' steve said . 
 `` that 's the number one shape-shifting rule . '' 
 `` i 'd think the number one rule would be to protect yourself . '' 
 `` you 'd think wrong , '' steve said . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` they were both drunk , who would 've believed them ? '' 
 he cut his eyes up to her . 
 `` what about when the cops showed up ? '' 
 she frowned , seeing his point , but still not liking it . 
 `` put the ice on your eye . '' 
 after a second she said , `` so you 're supposed to let them use you as a punching bag ? '' 
 steve dropped the ice from his face . 
 `` he got one punch in , and who was the one on the ground when we left ? '' 
 della groaned . 
 `` you should have let me handle him . '' 
 steve ignored her and reached up to touch his eye . 
 `` hey ... this will look good for tomorrow . 
 i 'm a badass shape-shifter , not afraid to fight . '' 
 della rolled her eyes at him the way miranda rolled hers at everyone . 
 `` but you just broke one of burnett 's rules . 
 you 're gon na come back bruised . '' 
 steve grinned . 
 `` i 'll tell him you did it . '' 
 della plopped down on the old pine chest that served as a coffee table . 
 `` he 'd know that was n't true , even if he could n't hear your heart lie . 
 if you pissed me off , i would n't have stopped at a black eye . 
 you 'd be black-and-blue all over . '' 
 `` now that 's just an outright lie . 
 i do n't think you 'd hurt me . '' 
 his southern accent came out again . 
 `` and you 'd be wrong . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 `` where do you think i 'm from ? '' 
 he smiled as if her question pleased him . 
 and she knew why . 
 she 'd shown some personal interest in him . 
 she should n't have done that because he might think she actually liked him or something . 
 `` i think you 're from somewhere where they talk funny , '' she smarted off , and shot up to get her blood from the refrigerator . 
 she found a cup , rinsed it out-twice-poured her dinner into it , and sat down at the kitchen table . 
 he dropped into the second chair at the table . 
 `` i 'm from alabama . 
 my parents dragged me to dallas two years ago . '' 
 `` you do n't like texas ? '' 
 she asked and frowned when she realized she 'd done it again , shown a personal interest . 
 then again , maybe she should give herself a break , they were on a mission together , and she was pretending to be his girlfriend . 
 if someone asked something , she should be able to answer it . 
 `` since i went to camp this last summer , i do . 
 before that ... not really . 
 the school in dallas was some fancy prep school-not even for supernaturals . 
 that school fit my parents ' way of thinking and life , but i do n't do fancy schools very well . '' 
 she could n't see him in one , either . 
 not that he did n't seem smart , he did . 
 but he was just easier going than someone who wanted to put on airs . 
 a few more questions popped into her mind , but she hesitated to ask . 
 she turned her cup in her hands . 
 the silence must have felt awkward to him as well , because he continued . 
 `` my dad 's a ceo for an oil company , mom 's a doctor . 
 and i 'm an only child who 's not supposed to care what i want but to just grow up , become what they want me to be , and make them look good in the human world . '' 
 `` they 're shifters , too , right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yeah , but you 'd hardly know it . 
 i do n't think my mom has shifted in a couple of years . 
 dad does it just to relieve stress , but they like living in the human world . '' 
 `` and you do n't ? '' 
 della asked , thinking about how often she wished she could go back to the human world and be one of them . 
 sure , she appreciated the powers , loved knowing she could kick ass . 
 but she wished that gaining these powers had n't meant losing so much of her life . 
 or rather the people who were in her life . 
 `` i do n't want to run off and join a damn compound or anything , but i 'm proud of what i am . 
 i can abide by the rules , not exposing myself in front of humans . 
 i do n't have a problem with rules , but i do n't want to hide from this part of myself . '' 
 `` i do n't blame you . '' 
 she did n't think she could hide , either . 
 not now . 
 `` i 'm not really complaining about them , '' he said . 
 `` i mean , as long as we do n't have to see each other very often we forget that we 're all disappointed in each other . '' 
 she knew all about the feeling of disappointing your parents . 
 exhaling , she looked at the pillowcase , which was bunched up at the end and held the five pieces of ice . 
 he 'd brought it with him to the table , but was n't using it . 
 `` you should use that . 
 that 's all the ice we have . '' 
 he put it against his eye and stared at her with the other . 
 `` what 's your story ? '' 
 `` no story here , '' she lied . 
 he leaned his chair back on two legs . 
 with half his face hidden behind the hanging pillowcase , he looked accusingly at her with his uninjured eye . 
 `` liar . '' 
 she swallowed and stood , picking up her cup . 
 it did n't stop him from talking though . 
 `` you think i do n't see you on parents ' day ? 
 you look completely miserable when you see them come in . '' 
 he dropped the ice from his eye . 
 `` the only time you look more miserable is when you watch them leave . '' 
 she frowned , not liking that her feelings about her parents had been so visible . 
 `` you 're not fae , you ca n't read my emotions . 
 so stop trying . '' 
 she took two steps and then looked back . 
 `` i 'm calling it a night . '' 
 he dropped his chair down . 
 `` it 's still early . '' 
 their gazes met . 
 `` i 'm sorry i said what i did . 
 i just thought ... i told you about my parents and ... we do n't have to talk about that . 
 choose a subject and we 'll talk about whatever . '' 
 ignoring the soft pleading in his voice , she went to the walmart bag she 'd dropped on the sofa . 
 she pulled out one sheet , one blanket , and snagged the other pillowcase . 
 `` we have to be up at three thirty . 
 do n't bother me . '' 
 * * * she sprayed the bed three times with disinfectant , made it , and then used the old bedding to make it look like she was under the blanket . 
 if he peeked in , he 'd hopefully assume she was out cold-pun intended . 
 it was , della thought , the thing she hated most about being a vamp . 
 drinking blood she could handle , but when someone accidentally brushed up against her and flinched at her body temperature , she felt ... like a monster . 
 she knew why , too . 
 it had been the thing that kept lee from touching her after she 'd been turned . 
 you just do n't feel right , he told her . 
 you 're cold . 
 i think you 're still sick . 
 a crazy thought came . 
 would steve not like how she felt ? 
 she pushed the thought away , because seriously , it did n't belong in her mind . 
 tilting her head to the side , she listened for the shape-shifter . 
 when she 'd been making her bed , she 'd heard him doing the same to the sofa . 
 he must be sleeping now , because she could only hear the very subtle sound of someone breathing . 
 the conversation they 'd had earlier about his parents floated through her head and whispered across her heart with a tug of emotion . 
 he almost sounded resigned to the bad relationship with his parents . 
 or was he just pretending-like she so often did ? 
 realizing she 'd let steve consume her thoughts , she blew out a deep whoosh of air . 
 then moving to the window , she quietly raised it . 
 she stood there just a second , listening to the night 's song , before she climbed out . 
 she perched on the ledge a long second before she took off . 
 the dark , september air felt cool , cooler than her skin . 
 her hair whipped around her head and scattered across her face , occasionally obscuring her vision . 
 a sound , a slight wisp of air came from her left . 
 was something following her ? 
 she raised her head to catch any scents . 
 she did n't sense any other creature , but with so much wind coming at her , she was n't sure if her sense of smell was accurate . 
 without slowing down , she glanced back . 
 nothing but the night chased her . 
 she considered how close she was to the vampire compound and the rogue gang . 
 fear danced on her skin , but she pushed it aside . 
 if it was them , she already had a cover for being there . 
 surely they would ask questions before they attacked . 
 she hoped . 
 in a few minutes , she spotted the lake that ran by her parents ' house and started descending . 
 her heart shifted from fear to something even more uncomfortable . 
 grief . 
 she came down a block from her house at the neighborhood park . 
 her black jeans and black tank top helped her blend into the darkness . 
 moving in the shadows so no one would spot her , she saw lights on in her parents ' dining room . 
 either her family was eating late , or they were playing board games . 
 her mom loved board games . 
 easing between the bushes and the house , the neighbor 's dog , the crotch-smelling canine , champ , barked from the neighbor 's backyard . 
 then della heard laughter . 
 her father 's laugh . 
 her heart gripped and her throat tightened . 
 she had n't even seen him smile since she 'd left for shadow falls . 
 easing in ever so carefully , she looked into the window . 
 the scene looked like something from a movie on the family channel , a family spending time together . 
 a family she really did n't belong to anymore . 
 tears prickled her eyes when she saw them . 
 her mom , her sister , and her dad playing scrabble . 
 they looked so happy , so ... complete . 
 did n't they miss her , even a little bit ? 
 a twig snapped behind her , and her heart rose to her throat . 
 della swung around . 
 champ , the mix of lab and german shepherd , stared at her , or was he staring in the window ? 
 his tail slowly started thumping . 
 `` how did you get out ? '' 
 she whispered to the dog as she felt a tear slip down her cheek . 
 he lowered his head , whimpered , and rubbed his snout against her knee . 
 `` what ? 
 no crotch smelling tonight ? 
 i 'm hurt . '' 
 the canine looked up at her as if he actually missed her . 
 how could that be , a neighbor 's dog missed her when her own family did n't ? 
 moving out from behind the bushes , della gave the dog another scratching behind his ears . 
 she brushed a lingering tear from her eye and took off . 
 in less than five minutes , she landed at lee 's house . 
 when the garage door opened , she flashed to the side of the house . 
 as the car pulled out , she saw lee in the driver 's seat . 
 where was he going ? 
 on a date ? 
 her heart knew it . 
 her heart also said that she should just go back to the cabin . 
 she did n't need to see it . 
 but she did . 
 kylie had told della a thousand times that she needed to move past lee . 
 maybe this was the answer . 
 maybe if she saw lee with someone else , she could let go . 
 she could stop hoping that he 'd come to his senses and would run back to her , begging for a second chance . 
 she followed him to a house on the other side of the subdivision . 
 she waited for a few minutes in the shadows , still hoping maybe she 'd been wrong . 
 maybe this was just one of his friends . 
 when he walked out with a girl , an asian girl , at his side , the knot in della 's chest came back . 
 this was the fiancee . 
 the one he 'd told della his parents had pushed him into marrying . 
 seeing this should have been enough . 
 seeing how she clung to his arm . 
 she should have left right then , but no . 
 when they got in the car , she followed them to the restaurant . 
 the red dragon . 
 it was a restaurant owned by some friends of lee 's parents . 
 his mother had tried to get della and lee to go there several times . 
 but lee always said he did n't want to eat chinese food . 
 he had enough of that at home . 
 why did he want chinese food now ? 
 she landed in front of the restaurant while lee parked the car . 
 she hid behind the tall dragon statue waiting to see them walk past . 
 a hungry-looking kitten came slinking around the building . 
 `` do n't have anything . 
 but there 's a dumpster in the back , i can smell it from here , '' she whispered and then she heard footsteps . 
 they were holding hands and the girl , lee 's fiancee , wore a big smile , her eyes bright with laughter . 
 as they walked in the door , della caught a whiff of lee 's cologne . 
 anger surged in her chest . 
 she 'd bought that cologne for him last christmas . 
 did n't he remember ? 
 did he even care ? 
 how could he wear it for this new girl when della had given it to him ? 
 she waited a good ten minutes , telling herself to leave . 
 telling herself it was over . 
 but when she tried to fly away , instead she swung around and headed inside . 
 she told the hostess she was looking for someone and walked past her into the spicy , sesame-scented air . 
 she walked past a large fish tank with colorful fish swimming in circles as if looking for a way out . 
 she continued past a couple and noticed the sound of plastic crinkling as they opened their fortune cookies . 
 perhaps she should snag one to see her own future . 
 because god only knew what she planned to do when she found lee . 
 part of her wanted to rip his heart out for using the cologne she 'd given him to impress another girl . 
 the other part wanted to drop to her knees and beg him to at least tell her he missed her . 
 all this time she 'd believed lee was engaged because his parents forced him into it . 
 now she did n't know what to believe . 
 this did n't look forced . 
 he actually looked ... happy . 
 leave . 
 leave . 
 leave . 
 the voice of reason screamed in her head . 
 but then she saw them at the back table . 
 candlelit table . 
 romantic table . 
 she heard them talking . 
 not in english , but in mandarin . 
 della spoke mandarin . 
 her father had made sure of it . 
 but lee had never spoken to her in that language . 
 right then della knew for certain , she was n't tossed aside because she 'd turned into a vampire . 
 she 'd been tossed aside because she was half white . 
 she heard the girl talking about names . 
 names they would give their first child . 
 lee leaned in and kissed her . 
 a romantic kiss that kicked della right in the gut . 
 from the happiness she heard in lee 's voice , and the way he kissed the girl , della suspected this choice had been as much his own preference as his parents ' . 
 a waiter must have dropped a tray of food because a loud clatter sounded right behind della . 
 she knew she should turn and flash away at the sound of the crash , but it was too late . 
 she watched in horror as lee pulled his hand away from his fiancee 's and looked up . 
 she saw his eyes widen at the sight of her . 
 was it a good widen or an `` oh shit '' widen ? 
 she did n't know . 
 leave ! 
 do n't stand here and look pathetic . 
 but her feet felt concreted to the restaurant floor and pathetic was all she could feel . 
 her gaze locked on his as he stood up and started moving toward her . 
 right toward her . 
 and she knew she looked even worse than pathetic . 
 she looked pitiful . 
 sad . 
 she looked alone and heartbroken . 
 embarrassment and shame washed over her . 
 but she did n't have time to let it engulf her . 
 someone grabbed her around the waist and pulled her close . 
 shocked , she looked up at ... at steve . 
 he smiled down at her . 
 `` i missed you already , '' he said and then he kissed her . 
 not a simple sweet first kiss , but one that involved tongue and ... lots of desire . 
 chapter three della felt the embarrassment seep out of her as something else seeped into her . 
 and it was n't just steve 's tongue . 
 it was ... passion . 
 it was the feeling of being alive . 
 it was hope that her sad little life was n't over . 
 since being a vampire , since she 'd lost lee , she 'd thought she could n't feel this anymore . 
 or maybe she just thought she would n't feel it anymore . 
 someone cleared their throat . 
 realizing the familiar disapproving sound came from lee , she put a hand on steve 's chest and reluctantly pulled back . 
 she met steve 's eyes briefly . 
 she knew he 'd kissed her to save her ass , but she also knew he 'd enjoyed it as much as she had . 
 the evidence was there in his warm brown eyes . 
 even with one of those eyes bruised , she saw the just-been-kissed heat in his gaze . 
 she turned to lee . 
 only to realize she still did n't have a clue what to say to him . 
 `` uh , hey . 
 i. . . '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 lee asked . 
 `` besides making out in the middle of a restaurant ? '' 
 had n't he just been kissing his date ? 
 as crazy as it was , della saw something in lee she had n't seen before . 
 her dad . 
 or at least his disapproving attitude . 
 had lee always been that way and she just now noticed ? 
 or had he changed ? 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 ca n't you talk ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his words ran amok around her head and she could n't decide how they made her feel or how to respond . 
 and if she did decide she was n't sure her tongue could take speaking orders , it was still in shock at having just had company-steve 's tongue . 
 `` we were having dinner , '' steve answered for her . 
 `` actually , we 're celebrating our three-month anniversary . '' 
 his gaze went to della . 
 `` three months ? '' 
 lee asked as if annoyed she 'd started dating so soon . 
 but hell , the guy was engaged . 
 where did he get off thinking ... she opened her mouth to say something again but steve jumped in first . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' steve said . 
 `` i did n't introduce myself . 
 you must be an old friend of della 's . 
 i 'm steve ... ? '' 
 lee ignored steve and looked at della . 
 `` i thought you were at that school . '' 
 that school ? 
 could he not even remember what school she 'd been attending ? 
 `` i am . '' 
 she finally got two words out . 
 `` we ... just slipped out . '' 
 `` so you met him at school ? '' 
 lee asked and damn if he did n't sound upset . 
 anger started to spark inside her again . 
 he had no right to be upset . 
 none ! 
 steve spoke up again . 
 `` love at first sight . '' 
 he glanced at her and ran his warm hand around the curve of her waist and pulled her a little closer . 
 his gaze shot back to lee . 
 `` still do n't know how i got so damn lucky . '' 
 if so much honesty did n't resonate from his voice , it might have sounded false . 
 for a second she wished she had listened to his heartbeat-another little vampire talent . 
 had steve been interested in her at first sight ? 
 lee 's fiancee rose from her chair behind them and stopped at his side . 
 della could n't help but notice how pretty she was-pretty in a very traditional asian way . 
 her hair was longer , sleeker , and blacker than della 's . 
 her facial features were doll-like . 
 beautiful and perfect-a tiny nose , a bow-like mouth , and slanted black eyes that sparkled with intelligence . 
 no doubt , lee 's parents had chosen well . 
 or had lee chosen her ? 
 had he planned to break up with della all along ? 
 he 'd seemed pretty happy sitting next to her until della showed up . 
 not that he looked too happy now . 
 he frowned when the girl slipped her arm through his , but he did the right thing and introduced them . 
 `` mei , this is della , and her ... friend . '' 
 the word friend came out sounding like a four-letter word . 
 `` her friend who obviously likes to fight , if his black eye is any indication . '' 
 della tensed , ready to tell him that steve got that black eye standing up for her . 
 something she suddenly realized that lee had never done . 
 not even with his parents . 
 `` actually , '' steve spoke up again , `` we were just wrestling around in bed and della got me in the eye with her elbow . '' 
 lee 's shoulders tightened and all della could think was , go steve . 
 mei looked up at lee and seemed to see his reaction . 
 a tightness pulled at the girl 's brow as she glanced back at della . 
 della recognized that tightness as plain ol' jealousy . 
 she 'd felt it tug at her own brow every time she thought of lee with someone else . 
 oddly , now della felt ... what did she feel ? 
 angry . 
 hurt . 
 sad . 
 but she did n't feel jealous . 
 that meant something , della knew that , but now was n't the time to contemplate it . 
 `` we should ... '' her words got hung up when she met lee 's eyes again . 
 the sad feeling swelled in her chest and she realized a better name for that emotion . 
 grief . 
 she had loved lee . 
 loved him with everything she had . 
 and she 'd given him her all-her heart , her body , her mind . 
 now she 'd lost him . 
 and now she grieved for what used to be . 
 `` go . 
 we should go , '' steve finished for her . 
 `` i already took care of the bill . '' 
 steve let go of her waist and held out his hand to lee . 
 `` it was a pleasure to meet you . '' 
 lee did n't take it . 
 which was super-awkward and not like lee . 
 he normally was n't rude . 
 or was he ? 
 had she missed that about him , too ? 
 della nodded at the couple and when steve 's arm found its way back around her she let him guide her away . 
 they left the restaurant and it took a few seconds of the cold fall air hitting her face to realize she was still holding onto steve . 
 holding onto him as if the ship of her life had been capsized . 
 as if he was the only thing floating in the stormy waters to cling to . 
 the sense of weakness , feelings she could easily drown in , washed over her and sparked another flicker of anger . 
 a big one this time . 
 she pulled away . 
 confusion bounced around her gut . 
 the grief clung to her heart as tightly as she 'd clung to steve just a few minutes ago , but then the anger she 'd experienced earlier returned . 
 she opened herself up to that emotion . 
 anger she could handle , anger she could run with . 
 so she let it roll around her , washing away the other emotions that made her feel weak and vulnerable . 
 she looked at steve , who appeared happy , just the opposite of how she felt . 
 `` you followed me , '' she accused him . 
 the slight smile in his eyes dimmed . 
 `` i was obeying orders , '' he said . 
 `` we were told to stay together at all times . '' 
 `` damn it ! 
 i do n't give a shit about orders . 
 i do n't like to be followed . '' 
 a heaviness filled her chest and she recognized it as guilt . 
 guilt for ... `` then do n't run away again , '' he said matter-of-factly and started walking to the back of the restaurant . 
 damn it . 
 guilt for acting like an idiot with the person who 'd just saved her . 
 she caught up with him . 
 `` i 'm not finished talking ! '' 
 she seethed . 
 he came to a quick halt and swung around . 
 `` but i 'm finished listening . 
 you can get mad all you want . 
 i was trying to help . '' 
 he took off again . 
 `` i said i was n't finished ! '' 
 she flashed forward and shot in front of him , putting a hand out to stop him . 
 when her hand met his warm chest , it reminded her just how cold she was and she pulled it away . 
 she glanced up at him , he looked about ready to give her hell , but she spoke first . 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 she growled . 
 his mouth opened as if to say something , but nothing came out . 
 no doubt he was shocked at her declaration . 
 and damn it , but she knew how he felt . 
 she had n't meant to say that-not that he did n't deserve to hear it , he did , but ... `` wow . '' 
 he finally spoke . 
 `` i do n't think i 've ever heard anyone express gratitude in such a pissed off , angry tone . '' 
 `` that 's because i am angry . 
 i 'm furious . 
 you followed me . 
 then you ... you kissed me , with tongue , in front of everyone . '' 
 his brown eyes lit up with a smile again . 
 he leaned in a little closer . 
 his warm breath stirred against her forehead . 
 `` and it was really good , was n't it ? '' 
 she glared at him and took a step back . 
 `` okay , if it 's not for the kiss , what are you thanking me for ? '' 
 he asked , sounding puzzled and yet interested . 
 once again she shared his feeling , the puzzled one , that is . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she seethed . 
 but then instantly the answer dawned on her . 
 he 'd saved her from looking pathetic , from looking like a heartbroken ex-girlfriend . 
 `` you are a real piece of work , della tsang . '' 
 he reached out as if to brush a strand of hair from her cheek . 
 she did n't know if that was a compliment or an insult , but she slapped his hand just in case . 
 he laughed . 
 `` it really was n't bad for a first kiss , you know . 
 usually they 're kind of awkward . 
 but that ... that was n't awkward . 
 it was hot . '' 
 she thought about the kiss , the warmth of his mouth , the feel of his tongue . 
 how he had tasted . 
 `` i 'm glad you liked it , because it was your last , '' she snapped . 
 she turned to fly off . 
 her feet were n't all the way off the ground when she heard his reply . 
 `` we 'll have to see about that . '' 
 she gritted her teeth , continued toward the cabin , and fought the fear that if she was n't really careful , he might be right . 
 and that would be wrong . 
 would n't it ? 
 * * * three thirty could n't have come any slower . 
 the new sheet , pillowcase , blanket , and lysol helped , but she kept waking up every few minutes . 
 with the cabin out in the woods , the only noises were a few animals . 
 it should have been a fine place to get a good night 's sleep . 
 however , being a vampire and basically nocturnal , she never slept well at night . 
 last night she 'd blamed most of the tossing and turning on the thought of bedbugs . 
 funny how the idea of bedbugs kept shifting to steve 's kiss . 
 then steve 's kiss led her to think about her mixed-up , crazy feelings about lee . 
 was she over him ? 
 if so , why did it still hurt ? 
 but if she still loved him , why was n't she jealous of mei ? 
 then della 's thoughts went to her mom and dad and sister playing board games without her . 
 for some reason thinking about lee and her parents helped block out the thoughts of the kiss . 
 still in bed and staring at the stained ceiling , della heard water running , which meant steve was taking a shower . 
 before she 'd gone to bed she 'd given the shower a good spray of lysol , and took a quick stand beneath the spewing water herself . 
 when she 'd left the shower , steve had been sitting on the sofa , staring at the bathroom door . 
 staring as if he hoped she 'd be wearing something sexy . 
 poor guy had been disappointed . 
 or she had thought he 'd been for about two seconds , until his gaze had lowered and then traveled up again as a slow sexy grin appeared in his eyes . 
 `` you were right , '' he 'd said . 
 `` and you were wrong . '' 
 she liked the part about being right , but ... ? 
 `` wrong about what ? '' 
 that seductive smile shifted to his lips as his gaze lowered again , and stopped on her bare feet . 
 `` right that i have a foot fetish . 
 wrong about me never seeing your naked feet . '' 
 she used those naked feet to run off to the bedroom . 
 the second after she slammed the door , he 'd called out that they needed to talk about the mission . 
 she called back that they could do it in the morning . 
 then she 'd dropped into bed . 
 even five hours later , remembering the way he 'd looked at her-at her feet for god 's sake-made her feel all fluttery inside . 
 now , as the sound of water from the shower filled her head , so did images . 
 her mind went to him standing under a steamy spray of water . 
 and she had the oddest desire to see his naked feet . 
 and other things . 
 she groaned and pressed her palms into her eyes . 
 why could n't he be ugly ? 
 taking a deep breath of resolve , she told herself to get over it . 
 besides , today was a new day . 
 slipping out of bed , she brushed her hair , and adjusted her bra . 
 feeling a tiny bit more in control , she went into the living room to wait her turn in the bathroom . 
 she needed to brush her teeth , and they had to go over the plans for their mission . 
 then they needed to go do what they had to do . 
 catch themselves some bad vampires . 
 she did n't have time to think about how hot steve was , or how his kiss had melted her insides like butter on a steaming ear of corn . 
 it was time to think about kicking rogue vampire butt , not steve 's cute butt . 
 drumming her fingers on the top of her knees , she saw the file they had to go over with their instructions sitting on the sofa . 
 she really did n't need to review it . 
 she 'd read it a dozen times and memorized it . 
 because vamps could read a lie in a person 's heartbeat , they 'd come up with a form of the truth that hopefully would n't read as a lie . 
 she , della tsang , had been turned vampire and was sent to a special boarding school . 
 she was n't big on the school 's rules , so she and her friend steve the shape-shifter had run off . 
 but due to the known difficulties of obtaining blood for her , they had decided to join a gang . 
 the bathroom door squeaked open , and steve walked out . 
 he was ... he was half naked , and bam , she was back to thinking about his cute butt . 
 and ... her gaze lowered . 
 he had socks on . 
 for some odd reason , she recalled that someone had told her that steve was already eighteen . 
 he looked eighteen , probably a year older than della . 
 muscles rippled over his chest and arms . 
 she knew he worked out , but most of what he had appeared natural . 
 her breath caught in her throat for a second . 
 she 'd seen him swimming and without a shirt , but something about seeing all that bare skin and him being freshly showered brought back the flutters . 
 brought back the memory of his kiss and of how his warm hands had felt in the curve of her waist . 
 he met her gaze and smiled as if somehow reading her mind . 
 moving to the chair , he slipped on a dark green t-shirt . 
 thank goodness . 
 `` you ready to go over everything ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` need to brush my teeth . '' 
 need to find my self-control and i 'm pretty sure it 's in the toilet . 
 she popped up and ran to the bathroom . 
 when she came back three minutes later , she 'd taken her frustration out on her teeth . 
 there was n't a speck of plaque on her pearly whites . 
 and while she did n't find her self-control in the potty , she 'd given herself a good talking-to about not acting like some hormone-crazed teen . 
 sure she was a teen , and probably hormone crazed , but she did n't need to act like it . 
 steve had the open file in his lap when she moved to the living room . 
 she sat down on the opposite side of the sofa and he started going over the info . 
 she did n't tell him she already knew it because he might need to hear it . 
 five minutes later , he closed the file . 
 `` okay , the thing to remember is if they insist i leave , i 'll shift and hang around . 
 i wo n't leave you . '' 
 della cut her eyes to him . 
 `` heartwarming , but if they insist you leave , i 'll be fine . 
 i can take care of myself . 
 besides , they know you 're a shifter , steve . 
 do n't do anything that will ruin this . '' 
 `` i wo n't do anything to ruin it . 
 but i 'm not leaving you . '' 
 his tone came out determined , protective . 
 `` i 'll be careful . 
 they wo n't realize it 's me . '' 
 `` yes they will . 
 what about them knowing you 're a shifter do n't you get ? '' 
 he stared at her a long second before speaking . 
 `` so they 're smarter than you , huh ? '' 
 she tightened her eyes at him . 
 `` what 's that mean ? '' 
 `` you did n't know i was there last night . 
 you saw me twice . '' 
 she studied him , feeling puzzled . 
 `` i do n't ... '' `` i was your neighbor 's dog and then i was the kitten . 
 if a shifter is careful what they become , we blend into the environment and are never suspected . 
 why do you think we 're one of the most powerful of the supernaturals ? '' 
 first , they really were n't one of the most powerful supernaturals , vampires were , not that this was a competition . 
 then all of a sudden her chest tightened and her face heated remembering her short interaction with the neighbor 's dog . 
 had n't she said something about him not smelling her crotch ? 
 `` do n't do that to me anymore . '' 
 she stood up , went to the door , and glanced back over her shoulder . 
 `` it 's time to go . '' 
 * * * della and steve landed in the designated spot of the state park five minutes later . 
 a clearing , secluded from any road or human life , and surrounded by trees . 
 a place where anything could happen and there 'd be no witnesses . 
 della scanned the area , seeing only tall pines mixed with a few oaks and tons of thorny underbrush . 
 she did n't like it . 
 from just looking , one would think the area was abandoned . 
 only a few stars lit up the night sky . 
 but one good nose of air told her the truth . 
 they were here . 
 hidden . 
 waiting . 
 but for what ? 
 to attack ? 
 and while her nose could n't count , she sensed there were more than three of them . 
 did the gang somehow know della and steve were assisting the fru ? 
 or was this just the way the gang welcomed all potential new members ? 
 a sense of danger brushed over her skin . 
 as exciting as it was , fear crowded her chest . 
 she remembered the pictures of those who had died at the hands of suspected vampire gangs . 
 a mother and a child . 
 an elderly woman . 
 if this was the gang advocating murder for initiation , who had taken innocent lives , they needed to be stopped and the risk was worth it . 
 sure , burnett did n't believe this was the gang , but he had to have doubts or he would n't have sent them on this mission . 
 `` they 're here , '' steve whispered . 
 `` i know , '' della said . 
 a stirring of underbrush sounded to their right and then one to the left . 
 and then behind them . 
 della spotted another vamp coming out from the trees right at them . 
 friggin ' great . 
 they were surrounded . 
 chapter four `` what a warm welcome , '' della said , refusing to acknowledge her fear . 
 `` she 's sassy , '' said someone behind her . 
 `` we can beat that out of her , '' said the vamp walking toward her as he eyed her up and down . 
 `` i would n't try , '' della said . 
 `` i second that , '' steve added , his voice deep and filled with warning . 
 the rogue tightened his gaze to check their patterns . 
 `` so you brought your pet with you , huh ? '' 
 della heard steve inhale and she reached over and touched his arm . 
 surely , he knew to let her deal with this . 
 `` he 's not my pet , '' she growled , offended for him more than she realized . 
 `` ah , i see , '' the lead rogue said , a filthy twinkle in his eyes . 
 `` so you 're giving it up to this joker ? '' 
 `` we 've swapped bodily fluids if that 's what you 're asking , '' she countered , confident , and suddenly grateful they 'd exchanged spit last night during that hot kiss . 
 the vamp grinned . 
 `` i like your spunk . 
 maybe you and i can swap some bodily fluid sometime . '' 
 steve tensed beside her . 
 `` i would n't count on it , '' he said . 
 `` and i 'll second that , '' della said . 
 the vamp frowned as if disappointed he could n't intimidate them . 
 `` you do realize first you will have to prove yourself worthy . 
 if you are accepted , then your shifter here will have to prove himself , and even then he will only be considered an extra . 
 extras ... do n't last very long . '' 
 the rogue 's insinuation struck a punch to della 's nerves , but she focused on what was important . 
 the whole `` prove yourself worthy '' comment . 
 was it going to be this easy ? 
 was he just going to tell her right now what she had to do and they could leave ? 
 a tiny part of her hoped it would n't be so simple . 
 she already disliked this guy and would n't mind teaching him a lesson . 
 `` exactly how do we prove ourselves ? '' 
 `` do you know how to fight ? '' 
 hell , yes . 
 `` i can hold my own , '' della said . 
 his gaze shifted to steve . 
 `` looks like shifter-boy likes to fight , '' he said , obviously referring to steve 's black eye . 
 `` i can hold my own , too , '' steve said . 
 `` how strong of a shifter are you ? '' 
 the rogue studied him as if assessing him . 
 `` strong enough , '' steve answered . 
 the rogue laughed . 
 `` then why did you stay human to fight ? 
 you 're obviously not as strong as you 'd like to believe . '' 
 `` do n't let a little bruise fool you , '' steve said , tilting back on his heels . 
 della heard the confidence in steve 's voice , and while she 'd assessed his ability to transform quickly , she honestly did n't know his strength . 
 yet somehow she sensed that like her , he was holding his cards close to his chest . 
 not cowering down to them , but not letting them know exactly what they were up against if they picked a fight . 
 the rogue laughed as if he did n't believe steve . 
 `` well , follow us . 
 we have a little game going and we 'll see how well you two do . '' 
 `` what kind of game ? '' 
 della asked and cut her eyes around , taking in all the rogues circling them . 
 `` a little hand-to-hand combat . 
 if you do okay , we 'll see about your pet . 
 you game ? '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 della asked , remembering in detail how burnett told them not to be lured anywhere . 
 already the vamps had proven they were n't good to their word because they 'd stated only three of the gang members would meet them for a nonconfrontational interview . 
 `` now , '' the rogue said , pulling a knife from a side holster and wiping the blade on his dirty jeans . 
 the guys to her left and right pulled out their knives as well . 
 della heard a low growl , and although she did n't know shape-shifters growled , she knew it came from steve . 
 she also knew that refusing the rogue 's invitation was n't an option . 
 it was go , or have some hand-to-blade combat right now . 
 `` let 's go , then , '' della said , hoping whatever came next would provide a better escape . 
 steve glanced at her and in his gaze she read his mind . 
 i do n't like this . 
 well , neither did she , but she did n't see any other choice . 
 she 'd done a quick head count and there were twelve of them . 
 she could probably take on five or six , but she could n't take on twelve . 
 not with knives . 
 * * * they were led to an old abandoned warehouse . 
 steve transformed into a black crow and moved slower . 
 the rogues muttered curses that they had to slow down . 
 della could n't help but wonder if his choice of form had n't been on purpose . 
 did shifting into a faster bird require more energy ? 
 and was he preserving it ? 
 or was his ability to shift into certain kinds of animals a sign of power , and he was downplaying his abilities to the rogues ? 
 it occurred to della that if she was going to work for the fru , she needed to educate herself on all species . 
 it would have been helpful to know exactly what steve was up to . 
 when they landed , she also noted steve took several minutes to change . 
 a hell of a lot slower than before . 
 that 's when she knew for sure he was downplaying his power to the rogues . 
 one of the vamps stepped close and said something about wringing the crow 's neck . 
 della moved between him and steve . 
 with steve now in human form , they walked inside a dark building . 
 della could smell old blood and vampire sweat . 
 while she could n't see for shit , she could also smell the bloodthirsty crowd . 
 no longer just twelve rogues to deal with , but more than fifty . 
 her chest clutched with fear and the realization that maybe she should have taken her chances back at the park . 
 the lights suddenly flashed on and the crowd hiding in the shadows appeared . 
 in the middle of the room was a boxing ring . 
 steve looked at her , concern tightening his gaze . 
 the crowd cheered and della looked back up . 
 a girl was pushed into the ring . 
 she looked scared , but also determined . 
 della tightened her brows and saw she was half werewolf , half vampire . 
 were being her dominant species . 
 she was obviously an extra . 
 and from her stance , della also assessed she was a willing victim . 
 `` and here i thought i was just going to get to kill a human or two , '' della said , praying her voice did n't shake . 
 `` oh , we do that , too . 
 but we change it up to keep it interesting . '' 
 bingo , della thought . 
 they could leave now . 
 unfortunately , she did n't see that happening . 
 the girl turned and looked at della with something akin to hatred . 
 della knew this was the girl she was supposed to fight . 
 the smell of dried blood in the air warned della just how far this fight was supposed to go . 
 she looked at the leader of the rogues who had met them . 
 `` it 's hard to fight someone i have nothing against . '' 
 `` when she takes her first punch , you 'll have something against her . 
 she 's not nearly as weak as she looks . 
 sort of like you , i 'll bet . '' 
 he pulled out his knife again . 
 `` go fight her , miss sass , and let 's see how good you really are . '' 
 della swallowed a knot of fear , but she forced herself to ask . 
 `` where does this end ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked , but his smirk told her he knew exactly what she meant . 
 `` i knock her out , it 's over , right ? '' 
 she was hoping . 
 his eyes brightened with plain ol' evilness . 
 `` what fun would that be ? '' 
 he brought the knife up and stared at the blade . 
 `` it ends when one of you stops breathing and becomes a willing blood donor , that 's when it 's over . 
 so the question is , will we be drinking your blood at sunrise or hers ? '' 
 `` hmm , '' della said , and worked at keeping the horror from showing on her face . 
 she glanced at steve . 
 he cut his eyes up to the ceiling . 
 she did n't know what the hell the message was , but she hoped it meant he had a plan . 
 because , god help her , she could n't think of one right now . 
 and she was either about to kill someone , or be killed . 
 chapter five della got into the ring thinking there would be a bell , thinking she 'd come up with a way out of this crap , but nope-on both counts . 
 before she had a chance to catch her breath , the girl attacked . 
 della still did n't have a clue what to do . 
 but when she took a fist to the cheek and it hurt like hell , she decided letting this girl beat the crap out of her was n't a good plan , either . 
 della ducked the girl 's second punch . 
 the crowd booed . 
 the were came at her again and della grabbed the girl by the arm and unceremoniously tossed her across the ring . 
 she landed hard , but was back on her feet in seconds . 
 as the girl danced around throwing punches like some boxing queen , della briefly found steve in the crowd . 
 he glared right at her and then cut his eyes upward again . 
 the second of lost focus cost della dearly , for the girl struck again , this time kicking della right in the ribs . 
 air whooshed out of her lungs as pain caused her to stumble back . 
 that 's when her gaze caught the slight opening in the ceiling , where an air vent had once been . 
 okay , now she knew steve 's plan , but did n't he realize that these other vamps could fly , too ? 
 another foot came at della 's face . 
 she grabbed the leg by the ankle and slung the girl outside the ring . 
 yelps and cries for blood echoed from the crowd . 
 the girl landed in a group of vamps , but she must have been made of rubber , because she bounced back up and charged again . 
 she leapt into the ring . 
 her eyes glowed the notable orange color of a pissed-off were . 
 she kicked up her foot , della went to block it . 
 a bad mistake , because she did n't see what the b with an itch had in her hands until it was too late . 
 the knife came right at della 's heart . 
 her only defense was to block it with her arm . 
 the blade sliced into her forearm and it felt like a burn , hot , yet cold at the same time . 
 the smell of blood filled her nose . 
 her own blood . 
 she heard the hungry cries from the audience . 
 the girl took a step back , but only to charge again . 
 the knife was aimed right at della 's chest . 
 a roar , not from the crowd , but from some exotic feline animal , rang in della 's ears . 
 fury , hot red rage , filled della 's heart at the same time the knife sank into her chest , right below her collarbone . 
 amazingly , she felt more anger than pain . 
 grabbing the girl by the shoulders , she slung her . 
 it looked like slow motion . 
 felt like slow motion , as the knife sliced its way out of della 's chest . 
 breath held in pain , she watched as the girl flew away , the knife , still in her hands , dripping blood from the tip of the blade . 
 then della saw the supersized lion , aka steve , charging toward the ring mauling anyone who dared get in his way . 
 go steve ! 
 she pointed up and then with everything she had , she leapt straight into the air , barely fitting through the tight little exit . 
 and right behind her , hauling ass , was a peregrine falcon . 
 she continued upward knowing the vamps , at least the ones who could fit through the tight opening , would be behind them . 
 she ignored the burning sensation in her shoulder . 
 suddenly aware she did n't hear the flap of a bird 's wings , she glanced back . 
 steve had returned to the roof , transformed into a dragon , and was in the process of breathing fire into the hole in the old building . 
 damn , but the guy made a nice-looking dragon . 
 obviously , the building had some sort of insulation that was n't fire resistant , because smoke started billowing out of the roof almost immediately . 
 in seconds , sparkles started popping off around the dragon and steve was back to being a peregrine . 
 they flew off hard and fast . 
 she kept looking back , praying the rogues were n't there . 
 thankfully , only the darkness chased them . 
 suddenly , steve started down . 
 `` no , '' she screamed at him . 
 `` we need to keep going . 
 they 'll come after us ! '' 
 he did n't listen , but continued down and landed in a dark alley much like the one they 'd been in last night . 
 six-foot-high wooden fences lined the pathway , as if too keep riffraff out . 
 the overflowing garbage cans that smelled like spoiled fruit seemed to hold up the fences , some of which looked rotted . 
 by the time she landed , steve was already human . 
 `` shit , '' he said , grabbing her arm . 
 the sweet smell of her own blood chased away the smell of garbage and filled della 's senses . 
 `` you know , '' she said , flinching at the pain both in her arm and her upper chest , `` you did good . '' 
 `` you are not going to die ! '' 
 he seethed . 
 `` who said anything about dying ? '' 
 she found it hard to focus on him and she blinked a couple of times . 
 `` you just complimented me , '' he said in a low growl . 
 `` that tells me how seriously hurt you are . '' 
 she grinned and she could n't hold the gesture in place . 
 `` i 'm not that bad , am i ? '' 
 `` no , you 're not that bad . 
 just stubborn ... '' he met her gaze , `` and perfect , '' he said , but his voice sounded distant . 
 `` i need to get you to a hospital . '' 
 `` no , '' she said , feeling her knees weaken . 
 `` i need blood and i 'll heal . 
 she did n't hit any major organs , or i 'd be dead . 
 just get me blood , steve . 
 that 's all i need . 
 vampires heal really quickly . '' 
 he frowned and pulled his phone out . 
 `` do n't you dare call burnett ! '' 
 she seethed , but her knees folded and she dropped to the ground . 
 `` please , '' she begged , feeling tears fill her eyes . 
 `` i want to impress him . 
 i ca n't let him down . '' 
 she batted at her tears and saw steve looking down at her with compassion . 
 relief fluttered inside her when she saw him put his phone back into his pocket . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 `` thank you , '' she repeated , but she 'd no more gotten that last word out when she smelled the dirty scent that hinted at rotten meat . 
 they had company . 
 not the rogue vamps . 
 weres . 
 oh , shit ! 
 she really did n't want to die today . 
 she stood up , her whole body trembled . 
 she prayed she looked a lot more menacing than she felt . 
 there were three of them , big mean-looking dudes . 
 hair so dirty she could n't distinguish the color , and clothes that looked just as unclean . 
 they 'd obviously smelled her blood and came looking for a bite to eat . 
 `` leave , '' steve growled at them . 
 `` or i 'll kill you . '' 
 sparkles started popping off around him . 
 a loud roar filled the dark alley . 
 the lion had returned , only this time it was even larger , the size of a small van . 
 two of the weres backed up , but one , obviously the most stupid , started running at steve , his canines extended , his eyes glowing orange . 
 steve swatted one paw and knocked the were across the alley . 
 he hit the fence with a loud thud . 
 the two smarter weres ran like hell was on fire and chasing them . 
 it took della a second to realize she had n't done anything . 
 she had n't even growled at the intruders to help steve stand against them . 
 but how could she when it took everything she had to stand ? 
 with the echo of the fading footsteps running down the alley , she watched the lion charge at her . 
 but what she did n't understand was why everything was spinning . 
 round and round the world goes , where it lands nobody knows . 
 her mind created the singsong words in her head to go with the light-headed feeling washing over her . 
 just when she was about to get used to the light-headedness , black spots started popping off like firecrackers in her vision . 
 the last thing della remembered was falling against the big beast and thinking that even as a lion , steve smelled like some spicy male soap . 
 * * * della felt someone lift her head up . 
 then she heard a male voice with a southern accent as sexy as the voice was deep . 
 `` you either wake up and drink this or i 'm going to have to call burnett . 
 you hear me ? 
 wake up , sweetheart . '' 
 sweetheart ? 
 della lifted her eyelids and looked up at the dark-haired , soft brown-eyed guy sitting next to her on the huge bed . 
 he had one hand behind her head and the other holding a cup up to her mouth . 
 it took her a second to realize who he was . 
 it took another one for her to remember everything . 
 the mission . 
 the vampires . 
 the weres . 
 steve 's kiss . 
 oh , yeah , she remembered steve 's kiss . 
 `` thank heavens , '' he muttered when he saw her looking at him . 
 `` can you drink ? '' 
 he pressed the cup to her lips . 
 `` just a couple of sips . '' 
 the sweet smell of blood filled her nose and she opened her mouth and sipped . 
 it tasted so good , she took another sip . 
 steve lowered her head on the pillow that was so soft it practically swallowed her head . 
 she glanced up at his smile . 
 `` i think you need to drink more , but we 'll give you a few minutes , '' he said . 
 the silky feel of the sheets against her bare back and the soft pillow surrounding her head told her two things . 
 one , they were n't back at the cabin , and two , she was practically naked . 
 she moved her gaze around and took in what appeared to be a fancy hotel room . 
 then she reached down to the sheet that covered her chest and lifted it up an inch to check for clothes . 
 yup , naked . 
 well , practically naked . 
 she still had on her red silk panties . 
 and a bandage over her wound . 
 she dropped the sheet down against her chest and frowned up at him . 
 `` where are my clothes ? '' 
 `` i threw them in the bathtub and rinsed them just in case any weres or other vamps were around . 
 did n't want them to smell you . '' 
 how could she argue with that ? 
 she could n't . 
 well , she could , not every argument had to be based in logic , but face it , she was too tired to argue a logical point much less an illogical one . 
 `` ready for some more blood ? '' 
 he held the cup out . 
 she wanted to say no , but she knew the blood was the only thing that would help her . 
 leaning up on her elbow , or trying to , she slipped back into the pillow . 
 she looked up into his soft , concerned eyes and felt ... she felt naked , weak , and vulnerable . 
 this was so not her best day . 
 he reached down and helped her sit up . 
 she felt the sheet slip down and she barely managed to catch it before it exposed her breasts . 
 he held the cup to her lips and she sipped . 
 when he pulled the cup away , he smiled at her again-all sweet like . 
 he was n't even looking at her like she was naked under the sheet like most boys would . 
 he was smiling at her like ... like she was someone he cared about . 
 definitely not her best day . 
 she did n't want him to start caring . 
 because then she might start caring about him . 
 that was dangerous . 
 closing her eyes , she leaned back and in few minutes she felt sleep claim her . 
 chapter six della felt a tickle against her temple and went to wipe it away . 
 then the tickle hit the back of her hand . 
 her eyes popped open with a start . 
 the tickle was someone 's breath , easy in and easy out , wisps of air . 
 and that someone was steve . 
 steve , asleep in bed with her . 
 steve , on his side , sharing her pillow . 
 steve , not even the least bit ugly , with dark long lashes resting against his upper cheek . 
 his equally dark brown hair lay scattered across his brow . 
 asleep , he looked younger , except for his five o'clock shadow . 
 she tried to remember if she 'd felt any of that stubble when he 'd kissed her last night at the restaurant . 
 she had n't . 
 but she wanted to run her fingers across his chin now . 
 her gaze shifted downward to her chest , to her not-so-big boobs . 
 the sheet had slipped down around her waist . 
 frowning , she snatched the sheet up and wondered if steve had been privy to the view before he 'd fallen asleep . 
 of course he had , she realized , he 'd been the one to remove her bra and play doctor when he dressed her wound . 
 a depressing thought hit . 
 had he been disappointed that she was n't bigger ? 
 she stared at the two slight mounds now pushing against the sheet-finding a bit of hope that they were a little bigger than they used to be . 
 in the last few months , she 'd actually started to fill out a b cup . 
 not that she aspired to get to a c cup like miranda and kylie . 
 but a full b or b + would be nice . 
 she glanced to her left side and lowered the sheet just a bit to see her bandage . 
 it did n't look like a half-assed job . 
 shifting her shoulder , she realized it must have healed , because there was n't even the slightest amount of pain . 
 then she looked at her arm where another bandage was . 
 she vaguely remembered steve waking her up and making her drink blood two or three times . 
 she also recalled him telling her yesterday that his mom was a doctor . 
 was he considering becoming a doctor himself ? 
 he should . 
 the boy had what it took . 
 reaching up , she loosened the bandage below her shoulder blade to see the wound . 
 the cut still showed , but it was close to being healed . 
 `` it looks good , '' a deep , sleepy voice said beside her . 
 she cut her eyes to the guy sharing the mattress with her and glared . 
 `` get out of my bed . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` technically , it 's my bed . 
 i rented the room . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` it 's too early to be logical ! '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` actually , it 's not early , either . '' 
 she sat up a little , holding the sheet to her chest , and vaguely recalled not being able to sit up earlier . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 he rolled over and looked at the clock on the bedside table . 
 `` six . '' 
 `` that 's early , '' she said . 
 `` in the afternoon . '' 
 he ran a hand through his sleep-mussed hair and looked adorable doing it . 
 `` wait . 
 it 's six in the afternoon ? 
 shit ! '' 
 she sat up straighter . 
 `` i slept all freaking day ? 
 burnett 's probably livid . 
 i was supposed to check in . '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` you told him i was hurt ! '' 
 `` no , well i did , but i downplayed it-a lot . 
 i had to tell him you had to fight because the whole burning warehouse and sightings of giant lions made the news . '' 
 she recalled him turning into a lion both at the warehouse with the rogues and to fight off the weres . 
 `` you were spotted ? '' 
 `` a drunk in the alley , so it 's not too bad . '' 
 `` sorry , '' she said , remembering he was a stickler about following the rules and not shifting in a public place . 
 and yet he 'd shifted because ... because she could n't protect them . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 his gaze went soft again , like he cared or something . 
 `` we got out alive . 
 and we completed our mission . 
 now the fru can go in and make some arrests in the gang . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'm surprised burnett has n't been calling every fifteen minutes . '' 
 `` i think he would have but he 's got another problem on his hands . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 della asked . 
 `` supposedly helen was attacked . '' 
 `` helen ? 
 our helen ? '' 
 helen was a bashful half-fae who della could n't believe anyone would hurt . 
 `` is she okay ? 
 who did that ? '' 
 `` burnett 's been at the hospital with her . 
 he said she was okay . 
 i asked who did it , and he said they did n't know . 
 but you know burnett , he 'll get them and when he does they 'll get hell . '' 
 `` yeah , and i 'd like to help him dish out that hell . 
 thank god she 's okay . '' 
 della 's stomach grumbled , embarrassingly loud , too . 
 steve chuckled . 
 `` i think you 're hungry . '' 
 he bounced out of bed . 
 `` i 'll get it for you . '' 
 sitting up , she leaned against the bed 's headboard and held the sheet to her chest . 
 she watched him go to the small fridge and pull out a plastic bag with blood . 
 but it was n't the same blood she 'd brought with her on this trip . 
 that blood she 'd left at the cabin . 
 questions started floating around her head . 
 `` that 's not my blood . 
 where did you - '' `` my mom worked at this town 's er for a couple of weeks when we first moved from alabama . 
 there 's a blood bank right down the street , that 's why i chose this hotel . '' 
 his words bounced around her head . 
 `` you stole blood from a blood bank ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you 're never supposed to do that ! '' 
 `` i did n't . 
 well , not technically . '' 
 he moved to stand by the bed and handed her a cup . 
 she took the cup and stared down at it . 
 the wonderful aroma filled her nose . 
 `` is this o negative ? '' 
 she asked , recalling how good it had tasted when she 'd been semicomatose . 
 `` only the best for you . '' 
 he sent her a crooked smile . 
 `` i guess you ca n't take it back , can you ? 
 and if you try i might have to kill you . '' 
 she took a big sip . 
 he grinned . 
 `` drink up , and besides , i did n't exactly steal it . '' 
 she glanced at him from the cup 's lip . 
 he continued to stand there just looking at her . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i went in to donate a pint and just left with it . '' 
 she licked the last drop of blood from her lips . 
 `` you 're o negative ? '' 
 no wonder he always smelled so good to her . 
 he nodded . 
 with his grin now spreading to his eyes , he said , `` you 're welcome . '' 
 `` i did n't say thank you . '' 
 `` yeah , but your appreciation was in your eyes . '' 
 she frowned , hoping to mask her appreciation . 
 then sitting up a little more , she drained the cup and set it on the bedside table . 
 `` where are my clothes ? '' 
 `` in the bathroom . 
 they should be almost dry . 
 i washed them out really good . 
 but before you get dressed i need to put some more ointment on your cuts . 
 one last time . '' 
 `` i think i 'm fine . '' 
 `` oh , you 're fine , '' he said and smiled , `` but your cut still needs one more dose of ointment . '' 
 he moved back to the dresser and picked up a tube of something along with some other supplies . 
 he sat down on the edge of the mattress , put his supplies on the nightstand , and carefully removed the bandage from her arm . 
 he squirted some medicine on a cotton swab and dabbed it on the cut . 
 she studied the cut on her arm , and like the one on her chest , it appeared almost healed . 
 then he reached up and nudged the sheet down . 
 not low enough to see anything , but low enough to hint at the breast below and to get to her bandaged wound . 
 gently , he pulled back the dressing and patted the medicine on the cut . 
 when she glanced up at him through her lashes he was staring at her . 
 `` you 're beautiful , by the way . '' 
 she felt her face heat up . 
 okay , now he stared at her like a normal boy , thinking about how naked she was beneath the sheet . 
 yet , instead of being repulsed , she was ... she was relieved to know he did n't find her unattractive . 
 and he 'd obviously seen almost all of her , too . 
 `` if you tell anyone you saw me naked , i 'll kick your ass . '' 
 he dropped the cotton swab on the nightstand and then reached over and tilted her chin up with his index finger . 
 `` i would n't tell anyone . '' 
 his voice came out a little deep , and he sounded completely sincere . 
 he ran his finger over her lips . 
 `` you are n't going to kiss me , '' she said . 
 `` we 'll see about that , '' he said and then he did it . 
 he kissed her . 
 * * * how it went from a simple kiss to him stretched out beside her , the sheet down at her feet and his shirt off , was a mystery . 
 a delicious one . 
 his mouth moved from her lips to her neck and then lower . 
 she moaned , lost in how good it felt . 
 but when his hand softly , seductively slid down below her waist , she grabbed it , and swallowed a big dose of reality . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she muttered and sat up . 
 `` i ca n't ... we ca n't . '' 
 she heard him inhale and she knew he was filled with want and desire just as she was . 
 but supposedly it was even worse on a guy . 
 it had always been hard on lee before ... before she let things go all the way . 
 the thought of lee had her breath catching again . 
 tears filled her eyes and all she could think was how she 'd gone down this road already . 
 she 'd given herself to lee and look where that 'd led her . 
 `` go take a cold shower . '' 
 she gave him her back and pulled the sheet over herself . 
 he took several deep breaths of air , and after a few long seconds he said , `` i did n't mean ... i was just going to kiss you . 
 shit , '' he said , his voice filled with self-loathing . 
 `` i never meant to take advantage of the fact that - '' `` you did n't . '' 
 she closed her eyes . 
 `` did n't take advantage . 
 i went there with you . 
 but ... we should n't have ... gone there . '' 
 `` to soon ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` too everything , '' she answered . 
 too good . 
 too real . 
 too much like it meant something really special . 
 too much to have to deal with losing later on . 
 `` if you 're not going to shower , i am . 
 we need to get back to shadow falls . '' 
 she hated the anger in her tone and hoped he understood it was n't because of him . 
 it was because of her . 
 she simply could n't let herself go down this road again . 
 * * * in the shower she heard a phone ring and listened as steve told burnett they would be back in a couple of hours . 
 he took a shower after her , and thirty minutes later , they got into a hotel elevator , one she had no memory of coming up in . 
 had he carried her ? 
 she hated not knowing something . 
 hated knowing she 'd been that vulnerable . 
 once they arrived in the crowded lobby , he led her into the hotel 's restaurant . 
 a complaint rested on her lips , but she remembered she 'd eaten today and he had n't . 
 so she shut up and followed the hostess when steve told her they needed a table for two . 
 he ordered a steak and baked potato and some sweet tea . 
 she ordered french onion soup , about the one thing she could actually enjoy , and a diet coke . 
 when the waitress left with their order , steve looked at her , still wearing an apology in his eyes . 
 yup , he felt guilty for things getting out of hand . 
 but she did n't put all the blame on him . 
 she could have stopped it . 
 should have stopped it . 
 `` how 's the shoulder ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she reached up and touched where she 'd been stabbed . 
 `` completely healed , '' she said . 
 then she remembered something they 'd talked about earlier . 
 `` did you learn medicine from your mom ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` sometimes she 'd volunteer at different free clinics . 
 i used to go with her on weekends . 
 i 'm a fast learner on some things . '' 
 she suspected he was a fast learner in all things . 
 she had n't seen it at first , but intelligence lingered in those big brown eyes . 
 `` and you do n't want to be a doctor ? '' 
 `` i did n't say i do n't want to be a doctor . '' 
 `` but you said ... i mean i got the feeling when you talked about your parents that you did n't want to do what they wanted you to do . '' 
 `` she wants me to go into medicine for humans because that 's where the money is . 
 i want to train to treat supernaturals . 
 that 's where my skills will be the most useful . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i see . '' 
 the waitress dropped off their drinks . 
 della twirled a straw around her glass and watched the bubbles rise to the top . 
 `` my parents wanted me to be a doctor , too . '' 
 `` and you do n't want that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` hell , no . 
 i want to go into criminal justice . '' 
 `` a lawyer ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't want to defend the law . 
 i want to enforce it . 
 before i was turned , i was thinking fbi or cia . 
 now i 'm thinking fru . 
 which is why i did n't want burnett to know i 'd screwed up . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you did n't screw up . '' 
 `` i got stabbed . 
 that 's pretty screwed up . '' 
 she jabbed her straw into her drink . 
 `` we were up against a whole gang of rogue vampires . 
 the fact that we got out of there alive is a freaking miracle . '' 
 she gave the straw another race around her glass . 
 `` but you 're the one who saved us . 
 the one who came up with a plan , and then again with the werewolves . '' 
 `` yeah , but you were a little busy trying not to let that rogue were/vampire kill you in the ring . 
 and when the weres showed up you were already stabbed and bleeding like crazy , but you still stood up . '' 
 `` i did n't do shit when they came , '' she muttered , ashamed of herself . 
 `` you stood up and faced them and let them know you were n't ready to be their dinner . '' 
 he looked down at his own glass for a second . 
 `` honestly , i was totally impressed with you . 
 the whole time , i 'm freaking out inside . 
 hell , my knees were shaking and you were like this epitome of calm . 
 i kept looking at you and thinking if you could do this , i could , too . '' 
 she let go of a deep breath . 
 `` i was n't calm . 
 i was freaking out , too . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` well , that 's why you 're so good at this , della . 
 you did n't seem scared . 
 not once . 
 you can do this . 
 i personally do n't like the thought of you putting yourself in danger , but do n't ever think you screwed up . 
 you kicked ass in that ring . '' 
 his compliment felt like a big hug . 
 and as she constantly told kylie and miranda , she was n't much of a hugger . 
 looking down at her drink again , the realization hit . 
 she used to be a hugger , but now when anyone wrapped their warm arms around her it reminded her of how cold she was . 
 suddenly , she realized when steve had kissed her and touched her she 'd forgotten she was cold . 
 for the first time since she 'd been turned , she 'd felt normal again-felt ... human . 
 damn that felt good . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she looked up briefly and hoped he understood how much she meant it , because she did n't want to have to express it any more than just offering the word . 
 the waitress dropped off their food . 
 della spooned the french onion soup into her mouth , bypassing the cheese . 
 but as the warm , tasty broth danced on her tongue , she could n't help but think how good steve 's blood tasted . 
 how good his kisses were . 
 how it felt to be touched and not think about being cold . 
 when she 'd showered , she 'd noticed a hickey between her shoulder and left breast . 
 she was glad he 'd left his mark on her . 
 but she was equally glad it was n't permanent . 
 it would fade in a few days . 
 and that 's the way it should be . 
 because once they were back at shadow falls this was over . 
 done . 
 she simply could n't put her heart on the chopping block again . 
 lee , along with her parents , had taught her how hard it was to love someone . 
 how easy it was for them to disappoint you . 
 she did n't love steve , not yet , but these last thirty-six hours had taught her how easy it would be to let herself go there . 
 when someone was genuinely nice your heart welcomed them inside . 
 add the whole good-looking thing and him being such an awesome kisser to the scenario , and her heart had a welcome mat ready to toss down , a marching band , and banners with flashy letters reading , come on in . 
 and that was unacceptable . 
 she could n't fall in love with steve . 
 nope . 
 no way . 
 as soon as they returned to shadow falls , she was back to being the old della . 
 solo . 
 she had miranda , and she had kylie . 
 as soon as kylie returned . 
 della did n't need a guy making her feel special , making her feel beautiful , making her feel ... human . 
 steve picked up his knife and cut a piece of steak . 
 `` oh , when i spoke with burnett earlier this morning he mentioned that he went to see kylie . '' 
 della 's heart swelled . 
 `` he knows where she is ? 
 is she coming back ? '' 
 `` he must know because he said he 'd seen her , but he did n't say anything about her coming back . 
 he just said to tell you that she was okay and that she asked about you . '' 
 that was kylie , always worried about others before she worried about herself . 
 the girl was an idiot . 
 well , not an idiot . 
 she was just one of those really caring people . 
 sort of like the damn shape-shifter della was having lunch with . 
 della dipped her spoon into the onion soup . 
 `` well , if he knows where she is , then i can just go and bring her back . '' 
 `` kidnap her ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` if i have to , yeah . 
 she belongs at shadow falls with miranda and me . '' 
 steve chuckled . 
 `` you 're not serious , '' he said . 
 `` the hell i 'm not , '' della snapped . 
 `` kylie 's coming home and that 's all there is to it . '' 
 * * * home . 
 della felt it as she landed outside the fence at shadow falls about thirty minutes later . 
 funny , how the place had started to feel that way . 
 of course , maybe that was to be expected when she no longer belonged with her parents . 
 steve landed and transformed . 
 `` we should go to the front . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she pulled out her phone . 
 `` i 'm calling burnett and telling him i 'm here , then i 'm jumping the fence . 
 i just want to go to my cabin and relax ... i do n't want to be interrogated right now . '' 
 she wanted to have time to regroup in her head . 
 burnett answered on the second ring . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` we 're here . 
 right outside the fence on the east side of the property . '' 
 `` good . 
 we 're having dinner now . 
 why do n't you come over ? 
 there 's a surprise . '' 
 `` i 'm tired . 
 not in the mood for surprises . 
 i just want to take a shower and relax . 
 can we talk tomorrow ? '' 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 his tone grew dark , concerned . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she growled . 
 when she hung up , steve started walking over to her . 
 she watched the way he moved , like a lion , lithe and with purpose . 
 he stopped right in front of her and brushed a strand of hair back behind her ear . 
 `` you know , i kind of do n't want to go back . 
 i liked it just being you and me . '' 
 she 'd liked it , too . 
 too much . 
 she caught his hand and lowered it from her face . 
 swallowing a lump of regret , she forced herself to say it . 
 part of her had hoped she would n't have to spell it out for him . 
 but that was the coward 's way out . 
 and della tsang was n't a coward . 
 plus , steve deserved to know up front that it was n't him . 
 it was her . 
 `` look , i ... i enjoyed this . 
 everything . 
 i really did , but ... it 's over now . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` why ? 
 it does n't have to be . '' 
 `` yeah it does . '' 
 her heart suddenly grew heavy . 
 too heavy for her chest . 
 `` i do n't ... i 'm not ... i 'm not ready for this . '' 
 she waved a hand between them . 
 that look of apology filled his eyes again . 
 `` i told you i did n't mean for that to happen . 
 i 'm not going to pressure you to take it there . 
 it 'll happen when it 's supposed to happen . 
 i 'll be patient . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't mean just that . '' 
 concern tightened his brows . 
 `` then what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean us ... period . 
 us being an item , us being an ` us . ' 
 i 'm not up for that . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` why ? 
 i thought we got along great . '' 
 `` why is n't important . 
 it 's just the way it is . 
 i 'm not going there . 
 i 'm completely happy the way things are , happy with me ... not being a couple . '' 
 it was such a huge mistruth she could hear her swollen heart doing all sorts of erratic thumps , each one hitting against her sternum and calling her a lying bitch . 
 `` no , '' he said , `` i ca n't accept that . '' 
 `` you 're going to have to accept it . 
 because that 's just the way it is , steve . 
 we went on a mission and we did great . 
 we did what we were sent to do and thanks to both of us the world might be a little safer . 
 but what happened between us needs to end . 
 i 'm not right for you . '' 
 he studied her . 
 `` who are you right for ? '' 
 he asked , sounding jealous . 
 `` i 'm not right for anyone , '' she said and her heart did n't race or mark that as a lie . 
 she had loved already . 
 loved and lost . 
 `` it 's over , steve . 
 just accept it . '' 
 she started running and right before she leapt over the fence she heard him . 
 `` we 'll see about that . '' 
 his words rang in her ears . 
 a promise or a threat , she did n't know . 
 but the idea of it being a promise chased away the biggest part of the pain she carried in her heart . 
 as she walked inside her cabin , she breathed in the scents of home-the smell of miranda 's fruity shampoo , and her scented candles . 
 della could even pick up the scent of kylie 's favorite lotion . 
 standing in the living room , della let herself feel the tiniest bit of pride that she 'd completed the mission . 
 the feeling reconfirmed that she wanted to pursue a career in catching bad guys . 
 walking into her bedroom , she opened her bottom drawer and pulled out the pictures . 
 images of her and her family , and others of her and lee . 
 all captured moments with emotion . 
 memories that now hurt to think about . 
 she started to rip them all up , but then on second thought , she dropped the pictures of her family back into the drawer . 
 some things she could n't give up on . 
 but others ... she tore the snapshots of her and lee into little pieces and let the tiny specks of paper rain down into the garbage . 
 then she went to her bed and flopped down on her back and stared at the ceiling . 
 we 'll see about that . 
 steve 's words echoed in her head like the lyrics of a song-a good song , one that crawled into your head and replayed itself over and over . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 life might have thrown her some punches this last year , but della tsang did n't go down easy . 
 she was just going to punch back . 
