 chapter one sam it begins like usual , the slightest disturbance to my sleep , making me toss and turn until i 'm in that place between rest and wakefulness-not fully coherent , but enough so i could have groggy thoughts . 
 there is pain , not the kind of pain that would make you squirm , just enough to make you feel uncomfortable . 
 it kind of squirms around in my limbs , like adrenaline , but not as insistent , making my body twitch . 
 my eyes pop open , and i shoot up off the couch , not bothering to grab a t-shirt or the shorts that lay nearby . 
 i wo n't need them . 
 i move silently like a cat-like a hound-to the door and slide the lock over and let myself out . 
 it 's cold out . 
 the air does n't shock me back into myself . 
 i do n't even shiver . 
 then i 'm racing through the yard , over the grass , and past the barn . 
 i hear the horses in their stalls , alerted at my presence , but i ignore them and keep running . 
 my bones come unhinged and realign . 
 my spine stretches , begins to reshape , and my body hunches . 
 black , thick fur sprouts , replacing the smooth skin of my human arm and then finally the switch in my brain flips . 
 i am no longer human . 
 i am hellhound . 
 but i 'm still me . 
 only this me can give in to the frustration and sadness that seems to well up inside my human skin until i 'm so full and there 's nowhere else for it to go . 
 and so it sloshes there . 
 it soaks in until i feel like i 'll drown . 
 i hate it . 
 that 's when the hound takes over . 
 i ca n't really deny it . 
 it 's like a summons , a calling , a command . 
 usually i can tell it no , or push back , but when you 're full of sloshing emotion there 's nowhere to push it back to . 
 so i give in . 
 i run . 
 i lose all thought . 
 it 's just me , the night , and nothing else . 
 it 's a kind of freedom i 've never felt before . 
 and then i wake up . 
 * * * i looked down . 
 i lay in the forest , the dirt and leaves beneath me wet and cold . 
 confusion clouded my mind at first , until i realized it happened again . 
 how many times had it been now ? 
 four ? 
 five ? 
 i honestly could n't remember . 
 the nights were starting to blur together to make up one very long nightmare . 
 you 'd think i 'd feel better after this kind of run , after this kind of mental release . 
 there 's nothing else like it . 
 to completely shed the skin of who you are , to be able to completely forget every thought and worry that filled you . 
 but that 's the thing . 
 i might have purged the feelings that sent me out there , but they were always replaced with something more . 
 something worse . 
 i pushed up onto my knees , holding out my arms and hands , looking down . 
 please , do n't let it be there . 
 it was . 
 blood , dark and drying , caked my arms and stomach . 
 it outlined my fingernails and was splattered on my palms . 
 i swallowed back a gag . 
 i stumbled to my feet , looking around for a body . 
 everything around me was completely undisturbed . 
 there was n't even a leaf out of place . 
 the night was alive with the sound of birds and wildlife . 
 no one out here was afraid . 
 except for me . 
 and what was i afraid of ? 
 me . 
 i looked over my body , hoping to find a wound , some deep bleeding cut . 
 there was n't one . 
 there never is . 
 and so i headed back home , all the while wondering whose blood covered me and whether or not i killed someone . 
 heven the sweet scent of apples filled the cool air as it rustled through the leaves of the apple trees . 
 the twisting branches were in full bloom , abundant with bright red fruit , and the long paths between the rows of trees were nothing but ankle-high grass dotted with apples already fallen from their stems . 
 even through everything this past summer , sam and i had made this place grow . 
 we found the time to be here , we cherished it , and we kept our special place alive . 
 it was thanking us now with plentiful sweet fruit . 
 but as we stood here in this place that meant so much to us , we were n't thanking it for the fruit . 
 we asked it for something more . 
 for all the time we nurtured it , we asked it for the same . 
 for logan . 
 `` we ask that you provide a safe haven , that you cocoon this young body in protective soil , that your leaves provide shade in the summer and your roots provide warmth in the winter . 
 we ask for every apple you produce that you equal that in peace for logan because he deserves no less . '' 
 my voice was husky with sorrow and heavy with pain . 
 `` for this we promise we will continue to water your soil , prune your branches , and respect this land as sacred . '' 
 sam squeezed my hand and my words fell away . 
 we stared down at the turned earth already beginning to show signs of growth . 
 mums in every shade were planted in large bunches around the simple concrete plaque dug into the ground , and a white marble cross rose out of the delicate yellow flowers . 
 silently , sam twisted off an apple from a nearby branch and set it in the center where the casket had been lowered into the ground . 
 when he straightened , he reached for my hand once more . 
 i dashed away a tear as we stood there , the breeze embracing us , and the trees rustled their answering promise . 
 logan 's body would be at peace here and his soul would be at peace in heaven . 
 the real challenge was for us to find the same . 
 i looked over at sam , noting the dark rings beneath his eyes and the way his lips drew down . 
 he still had the same golden good looks , but they did n't glow as they used to . 
 the death of his little brother hit him hard . 
 it hit us all hard . 
 when we came home from hell , from trapping beelzebub 's soul and hecate 's old-lady body -lrb- by binding her powers with the petals from a flower that grows on an island in hell -rrb- in the very cell in which they contained kimber , we were n't celebrating . 
 yes , it was a victory , but that temporary triumph was eclipsed by everything we had to sacrifice to get it . 
 like the death of logan , the death of my mother , and the loss of my mother 's soul , which is now chained to the floor of hell . 
 not to mention i made friends with riley , an old hellhound frenemy of sam 's , to help me get sam out of hell-which he did ... but he also stole the treasure map and gave it to beelzebub , the evil prince of hell by whom riley happens to be enslaved , due to a family curse . 
 i also discovered that i 'm the soul reaper and meant to release all the captured souls from hell , thus weakening every one of the seven princes of hell . 
 my head was beginning to hurt . 
 and that was n't even the half of it all . 
 i still remember the look on gran 's face when i came up the porch steps , looking ravaged , with some people she 'd never met and logan 's body . 
 i started confessing things about hellhounds , fallen angels , witches , and trips to hell . 
 i thought she would grab up the phone and have me committed . 
 at the very least , i thought she would call me crazy . 
 she believed every word i said . 
 i spilled everything . 
 i told her i saw my dad , her son , and she cried when i told her he was doing just fine . 
 i told her about logan . 
 i told her that all those days he 'd been weak and sick was because a demon took over his body and destroyed it . 
 i told her he 'd basically been dying until he , in an effort to protect me , was stabbed by beelzebub . 
 we could n't call the police . 
 what would we say ? 
 trying to come up with a lie to cover up a boy 's death-a boy who ran away to be with us-wasn ' t something we were prepared for . 
 so we gave him a funeral . 
 here at the farm , surrounded by everyone who loved him . 
 we buried his body here in the orchard , and we visited him every day . 
 three weeks had passed since we said good-bye to logan , but it felt like only hours . 
 the days were turning shorter , the air getting cooler , and the leaves on the trees were taking on a burnished gold that reminded me of sam 's eyes . 
 it was into his eyes that i stared now . 
 but he was n't staring back . 
 he looked beyond me , into the orchard , and his eyes were panicked . 
 `` fire ! '' 
 he yelled and burst into action , running away from me and away from the flames . 
 i whipped around to see , and yes , there was a fire . 
 again . 
 the smoldering flames mesmerized me . 
 they were ever changing , ever growing , and always moving . 
 the fire devoured whatever it touched , like it was starving , insistent for more . 
 i liked its tenacity . 
 part of me even liked the destruction ... destruction that i now wielded control over . 
 `` heven ! '' 
 sam yelled insistently from somewhere close by . 
 it was enough to snap me out of my trance . 
 the reality of the situation hit me like a ton of bricks . 
 the fire i 'd been praising only moments before , the fire i claimed control over , was now completely taking over . 
 a four-letter word slipped between my lips and hung in the air around me until i dashed forward . 
 i skidded to a stop before the apple tree , watching as angry red and yellow flames consumed the twisting branches . 
 having an affinity for fire was n't all it was cracked up to be . 
 especially when a spark of sorrow , anger , or stress could quickly consume all things around me . 
 i shook my head a bit , forbidding the climbing of the flames to entrance me again , and raised my hands , palms out toward the tree . 
 i had to get this under control before the whole orchard went up in flames . 
 that was n't exactly keeping the promise i just made to the land about treating it sacredly . 
 i concentrated on the crackling of the wood , the intense heat , and i took a deep breath . 
 the air around me smelled like a bonfire . 
 i focused on the heat , the urgency of the flames , and i tried to dial it back . 
 i tried to calm the burn . 
 another tree caught fire , and an entire branch was engulfed in flames . 
 the fire was unrelenting , consuming the tree greedily , working toward its center . 
 i watched a perfectly ripe , red apple taken over by flames practically melt off the tree . 
 sam stepped around me and held up what he ran to grab . 
 he pressed the button and white foamy spray shot out and covered the trees . 
 the air instantly began to cool as white spray floated around , sticking to the now blackened tree branches and reminding me of snow . 
 when all the burning ceased , he dropped the red can and turned to me . 
 `` what does it say about me that my boyfriend hauls a fire extinguisher everywhere we go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that you 're really hot ? '' 
 he said . 
 i swear there was a hint of a smile on his lips . 
 `` ha-ha . '' 
 i sighed and looked back at the mess . 
 `` i tried to stop it . '' 
 `` do n't be so hard on yourself . '' 
 he said , wrapping an arm around my shoulders . 
 `` easy for you to say . 
 you do n't light everything on fire when you 're upset . '' 
 `` no , i just morph into a hellhound and run off into the woods . '' 
 a giggle escaped my lips , but then i frowned . 
 it really was n't funny . 
 sam had really great control , but he 'd been `` disappearing '' sometimes lately , and now i knew why . 
 `` but at least i do n't have a potty mouth , '' he continued . 
 `` i do not ! '' 
 i protested . 
 `` i heard what you said a few minutes ago , '' he teased . 
 i sighed . 
 he laughed . 
 it was a real laugh and it made me do a double take . 
 i had n't heard him laugh like that in weeks . 
 something inside me lightened a little bit . 
 i reached up and cupped his face . 
 `` there 's a sound i have n't heard for a while . '' 
 `` i guess your naughty behavior brings it out of me . '' 
 he lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` well , then perhaps i should be naughty more often . '' 
 i pressed my lips lightly against his , and he hooked his arms around my waist and pulled me closer . 
 the front of my body was completely against his without an inch to spare between us . 
 his lips were warm and pliant and they molded themselves to mine in a way they had n't in weeks . 
 god , could that boy kiss . 
 he had a way of stamping out every thought , every whisper , every single thing around us until there was only his lips upon mine . 
 i threaded my fingers through his hair , knotting them in , taking up residence and meaning to stay , when he pulled me away from him and looked at me . 
 he was breathing too hard to speak and his eyes were glittering like the sun . 
 i delved my hands deeper into the tangles of his hair , trying to snatch him back , but he shook me . 
 `` hev , '' he rasped and his voice scratched over me , leaving goose bumps in its wake . 
 how was i supposed to think when he sounded like that ? 
 `` heven , '' he said again when i did n't respond . 
 `` we 're on fire . '' 
 yes . 
 yes , we were . 
 `` i like fire , '' i murmured and tried once more to pull him close to me . 
 this time he untangled my hands and grabbed my wrists . 
 `` no , literally . 
 we 're on fire . '' 
 i followed his gaze down . 
 `` crap ! '' 
 i yelled and began stomping my feet . 
 my shoes were practically gone and the ankles of sam 's jeans were glowing as the fire burned up toward his knees . 
 i dropped down and began slapping at the flames on his legs , making gasping sounds when parts of the fabric came off in my hands . 
 finally , i got the flames out and stood , looking down at the damage . 
 my shoes were half melted and sam looked like a pirate with his jeans completely burned away to his shins , leaving the ends blackened and frayed . 
 i looked up . 
 `` i caught you on fire . '' 
 his lips twitched . 
 `` i caught my boyfriend on fire . '' 
 `` i guess it 's a good thing your boyfriend is flame retardant . '' 
 i groaned , but then it turned into a laugh . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to . '' 
 my laugh fell away . 
 `` it 's just , well ... '' i felt my cheeks heat and knew i was blushing . 
 really ? 
 blushing ? 
 you 'd think after everything we 've been through together , some hot-okay , extremely hot-kissing would n't be embarrassing . 
 `` i get it , '' sam said , stepping closer . 
 `` i have n't exactly been ... easy to be around . '' 
 `` well , that 's true , '' i said with a smile . 
 `` you really should start showering more often . '' 
 i wrinkled my nose and stuck out my tongue . 
 he laughed , another real laugh , and my heart skipped a beat . 
 his smile fell away . 
 `` i know i have n't been smiling much , but i 'm going to try and change that . '' 
 `` i 'll take you any way i can get you , even grumpy and stinky . '' 
 he lifted his arm and took a sniff of his armpit and i laughed . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` not too bad . '' 
 `` yeah , because i 've been doing your laundry and i sprayed you with body spray last night after you fell asleep , '' he widened his eyes . 
 `` you did not . 
 i would 've heard you come down the stairs . '' 
 since we came home , sam had been staying here at the farm . 
 on the couch . 
 gran did n't like the thought of him being alone at his apartment after logan ... i laughed . 
 `` okay , i did n't . 
 but i did come downstairs to check on you . 
 you did n't even move when i kissed you . '' 
 his eyes were disbelieving , but i could see the churning gears in his head as he tried to remember something he slept right through . 
 `` you were tired , '' i said , letting him off the hook . 
 being trapped in hell had to have been exhausting . 
 you 'd think i would sleep better these days , but knowing my mother 's soul is trapped in hell does n't make sleep very easy . 
 that and the fact i was so used to sam being in bed with me it was weird without him . 
 `` i 'll be more alert from now on , '' he promised , something shifting behind his eyes . 
 i knew his promise was n't for me because he knew i would never expect that . 
 it was to himself because he considered himself our protector and sleeping on the job was n't allowed . 
 `` do n't exhaust yourself , sam . '' 
 i warned . 
 `` after everything ... '' i began , but he shook his head and my words fell away . 
 `` i think he 's okay , '' he said , low , looking back to where logan was buried . 
 i nodded , not trusting my voice to speak . 
 i did n't know how long it would take sam to make peace with logan 's death , but from what i was seeing today i 'd say he was on his way . 
 i was n't sure what caused the change in him this morning , but whatever it was , i was thankful . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` i think so too . '' 
 we stood there silently for long moments as something shifted in the air around us . 
 i prayed it was healing . 
 then sam reached out and threaded his fingers through mine . 
 `` gran 's probably waiting . '' 
 `` probably , '' i agreed . 
 `` well , then , come on , pyro . '' 
 he smiled and tugged me toward the house . 
 `` maybe some answers will put out some of that fire that boils inside of you . '' 
 `` ha-ha-ha , '' i said . 
 but really , i hoped he was right . 
 today was a day i should have been waiting for anxiously . 
 really , it was a wonder three weeks had passed without me deciding i could n't wait another minute to find out what gran knew . 
 because , apparently , i was n't the only one who 'd been keeping secrets . 
 when i admitted i had confessions to make , she said she did too . 
 but logan 's death and all of my admissions had turned out to be more important , and her secrets were put on hold . 
 but as fall took hold of maine , i began to grow restless . 
 i began to want to know why gran was n't as shocked by the basket of unreal i served her . 
 and today was that day . 
 today was the day to start moving again , however slowly . 
 and so we went to hear gran 's confession . 
 chapter two riley staring up through the dark , i listened as the light footsteps drew closer , keeping up with my little charade of sleep until the very last second . 
 it was pitch black in here , so dark there were no shadows , but i did n't need to see the movement of a shadow or a dark shape to sense when something was there . 
 at the very last second i sprang up , kicking out my legs and arching my back to jump into a standing position . 
 my hands were ready , reaching for the newest creature that had come planning to defeat me , and i yanked it closer , letting a growl echo through the dark . 
 i felt its surprise ; i caught it off guard and i used that to my advantage . 
 stupid demon . 
 they were all stupid . 
 i gripped its throat with one hand , squeezing until it made sick gurgling sounds . 
 it began kicking and pulling at my hand , but i was n't letting go . 
 i leapt from the bed , dragging it with me , and went across the room toward the massive fireplace where i smashed the back of its head against the black granite mantle . 
 the demon went slack in my hands . 
 with a sigh i dropped the body at my feet and reached out for the lighter -lrb- actually , a small blow torch -rrb- and with a click the kindling in the fireplace roared to life . 
 flames , hot and orange , shot up and out , illuminating the dark bedroom . 
 i picked up the demon and tossed it into the hungry flames . 
 ever since i came here they 'd been coming , daily , sometimes hourly . 
 they all wanted a piece of the guy who dared take over beelzebub 's place . 
 they thought they could beat me . 
 they thought i would just surrender this power . 
 i would n't . 
 the stupidest ones-the ones who thought they were clever-came at night . 
 they thought they would get me in my sleep . 
 like i would fall for that . 
 i had the hearing of a hellhound ; it never failed . 
 i could hear them coming a mile away , and when i slept , i did so with weapons . 
 the fire crackled and i watched as the last of the demon was devoured by flames . 
 it occurred to me then that it was strangely quiet in my bedroom . 
 the kind of quiet that meant all hell was about to break loose . 
 slowly , i pivoted , wishing i 'd gotten at least one hour of sleep . 
 but it seemed sleep was n't something i would be getting tonight . 
 the room was filled with demons , fifteen at least . 
 they all stood in a semi-circle around me . 
 i was grateful the fireplace was at my back or else i would 've been surrounded . 
 that would have been a bitch . 
 they stood , staring and grinning maniacal grins , just waiting to pounce . 
 the body in the fire had been a decoy , a way to keep me busy as they silently filed in the room and readied for attack . 
 they thought they had me . 
 they were wrong . 
 i shot into action , leaping backward and reaching into the burning flames -lrb- it 's rather convenient to be fireproof -rrb- and pulling out a log , blazing with fire . 
 the demons rushed closer until they saw what i was doing . 
 i launched it at the closest demon and hit it square in the face , its wild white hair catching on fire and its face blackened and dented . 
 it dropped on the ground , making horrible screeching noises , and began to thrash about . 
 i ignored it and focused on the other two that rushed me from both sides . 
 i threw a swift roundhouse kick to my left and then a punch to my right . 
 i crouched low , reaching into the ankles of my boots and pulling out identical daggers . 
 when i stood to my full height , i stabbed both the demons again . 
 i had to kick them to dislodge their bodies from the blades . 
 they both joined their friend in the fire . 
 a hand fell onto my shoulder , gnarled with yellowed nails that were so long they looked like talons . 
 i rammed the blade through its owner 's chest and it disintegrated before me . 
 out of nowhere a chair came hurtling through the room and caught me on the shoulder . 
 i stumbled and fell into yet another attacker , who promptly sank his nasty teeth into my shoulder . 
 i gave a shout of pain as another demon launched himself at me , and the three of us went down in a tangle of arms and legs . 
 my shoulder bled , i was tired , and now i was thoroughly pissed . 
 a great snarl ripped out of my throat as i let my body shift . 
 i like the feeling of a shift . 
 my bones elongated and realigned , my spine curved , and my body was freed of the rules that bound it as a human . 
 i had so much more power as a hellhound , and i liked power . 
 it took barely seconds for me to complete the shift , and i ripped through the two demons who pulled me onto the floor with ease and pleasure . 
 when i stretched to my full hellhound size , some of the demons fell back , hesitating in their plan to attack . 
 i did n't hesitate at all . 
 i shredded through at least three more , scattering bodies around my room like leaves scatter in the fall . 
 as i fought , my brain assessed the situation . 
 this was a first . 
 usually they came in small groups or alone . 
 they wanted to out me , to take over my spot . 
 while an ambush was probably the best way to kill me , it also would make it hard to determine who got the top spot once i was dead . 
 but i was n't dying tonight . 
 i wanted to groan when the bedroom door flung open and light spilled in from the hallway . 
 how many more were there ? 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 a powerful voice commanded . 
 all the demons in the room stopped attacking me and stepped back . 
 i took the chance to take out the closest three . 
 a booming laugh rang out as a man paraded into the room , stopping directly across from me . 
 he was tall , probably over six feet , had broad shoulders and black hair pulled back into a ponytail at the base of his neck . 
 he also had a goatee that was long and hung off his chin . 
 it looked greasy and scraggly and it was probably full of bugs . 
 he was dressed in black leather pants , a white dress shirt , and black leather boots . 
 he radiated power . 
 `` get out ! 
 all of you ! '' 
 he commanded , and i watched as all the demons left standing scurried out the door . 
 i shifted to my human form as the guy surveyed the bodies around the room . 
 he made a sound of surprised appreciation , then turned back . 
 by that time i 'd already shifted and armed myself with weapons . 
 `` put those away , '' he said , looking pointedly at the daggers in my hand . 
 `` you wo n't mind if i do n't listen , '' i said , gripping the daggers tighter . 
 he flung his hand out and they ripped from my hands and buried themselves to the hilt in the nearest wall . 
 walls made of granite , something those daggers should n't have been able to penetrate . 
 i resisted the urge to change because i needed my voice . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` do n't question me ! '' 
 `` you 're in my house . 
 i do n't take orders in my house . '' 
 the man actually chuckled . 
 `` i see why they call you what they do . '' 
 who ? 
 i pretended what he said did n't make me curious . 
 `` i was in the middle of something , so if you would leave ... '' i motioned to the door . 
 he appeared directly in front of me , but inches away . 
 `` i came here with no intention of killing you , but you are making me rethink that decision . '' 
 `` you should try to be more decisive , '' i said , drawing another dagger from nearby . 
 i learned quickly to stash weapons throughout this castle . 
 the man pinned me with a glare and spoke in a language i never heard before . 
 all the bodies in the room turned to dust . 
 his little show of power had the light bulb going off inside my head . 
 `` i did not come here to fight you , '' the man said . 
 `` i do n't need your land . 
 i do n't want it . '' 
 `` which one are you ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the seven princes . 
 which one are you ? '' 
 he stroked his goatee and studied me for a moment . 
 `` i am leviathan . '' 
 `` so if you did n't come here to kill me , why did you bring along so many friends and sneak into my home in the middle of the night ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i wanted to see for myself what kind of warrior you are . '' 
 `` you came . 
 you saw , '' i said and motioned for the door . 
 `` beelzebub wo n't stay wherever you put him for very long . '' 
 it sounded like a warning . 
 i said nothing , giving no indication that the idea of beelzebub 's return bothered me in the least . 
 `` what is your claim here ? '' 
 leviathan asked . 
 `` why take his place ? '' 
 `` i have my reasons . '' 
 `` perhaps i could help you . '' 
 `` seems i do n't need help for something i already have control of . '' 
 i was pretty sure helping me was not the reason a prince of hell sneaked into my house in the middle of the night . 
 leviathan 's eyes narrowed . 
 i stared at him , unwilling to back down . 
 `` making an enemy of me is n't a smart move , boy . '' 
 `` i was n't aware we were friends . 
 did you plan to sleep over ? '' 
 my body hit the wall with a sick cracking sound . 
 i was pretty sure something in my back snapped , and i bit down on my tongue to keep from crying out . 
 my legs beneath me buckled and i slid to the floor . 
 leviathan crouched in front of me , his considerable frame blocking all else from view . 
 a fine sweat broke over my skin from the pain , but still i looked in his eyes . 
 `` what did beelzebub have over you ? 
 what caused you to want him gone ? '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 `` i could set him free . 
 i know you hide him in the dungeon . '' 
 well , shit . 
 this was n't good . 
 i was n't about to beg this man not to do anything . 
 it would only make it more attractive . 
 `` if you really wanted him set free , you would 've done it . 
 perhaps my locking him up is of benefit to you as well ? '' 
 he lifted an eyebrow and seemed to consider my words . 
 `` none of us have ever liked beelzebub , the gluttonous fool . 
 besides , it might be fun to watch what happens when he does get out . '' 
 i swallowed , the pain in my back causing my stomach to churn . 
 `` how thoughtful of you . '' 
 leviathan grunted and stood . 
 `` i am more generous than my brothers . 
 such a burden to bear . '' 
 he looked down at me and smiled . 
 `` but the show to come , that will be worth not killing you now . 
 i do not envy you . 
 not at all . '' 
 he walked out of the room without looking back . 
 as he went , the daggers he 'd managed to lodge into the wall fell to the floor with a clattering sound . 
 i shifted my gaze to the mess on the floor from the broken chair , the ashes that had drifted from the fireplace , and the blood-red rug that was torn . 
 `` jeeves ! '' 
 i yelled , wincing at the pain in my back . 
 something was definitely broken . 
 i healed fast , but this felt pretty bad . 
 a short demon wearing a black suit with a black bowtie came into the room . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` clean this mess up ! '' 
 i barked . 
 he surveyed the room silently . 
 his scarred features , from when i melted off half his face with a torch , did n't change . 
 then he looked back at me , noted my condition , and hesitated . 
 i growled , low and mean , and then forced myself to my feet . 
 `` if you think a broken back will keep me from torturing you , you got another thing coming . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 the demon i called jeeves began cleaning the room . 
 i half drug myself to the bed , where i managed to lie down and close my eyes . 
 i wondered how long it would take to heal . 
 chapter three heven `` your father met your mother when they were very young . 
 they were just a little bit older than you are now , '' gran said . 
 cole straightened at the mention of our father , the father who he did n't even know about until a couple months ago . 
 in the chair right beside him , kimber listened aptly , probably glad that for once she was being told the secrets the same time as everyone else . 
 gemma was standing next to the coffee pot , trying not to watch cole ... or his ex , who he was practically attached at the hip with since we pulled her out of hell . 
 `` yes , i know , '' i said , fidgeting in my chair . 
 `` mom told me that . '' 
 `` did she tell you how they met , exactly ? '' 
 `` well , no . '' 
 where is she going with this ? 
 `` your grandpa introduced them , '' gran said with a faraway look in her eye . 
 her aura bloomed with the color of love -lrb- pink -rrb- at just the mention of her deceased husband . 
 but beneath the pink were some muddy colors that indicated whatever she was about to spill was n't going to make me very happy . 
 i was about to urge gran to get on with it when she spoke again . 
 `` your grandpa was a supernal being just like your father and just like cole . '' 
 `` i figured as much , '' i said , wondering why it was such a big deal . 
 `` he knew he was a supernal being . 
 we all knew it . 
 we knew because an angel came to him , much like airis came to you . 
 he was asked to carry out certain acts here on earth . 
 i never knew exactly the things he did . 
 he never told me and i never asked . 
 what he was doing was very important , but it was dangerous and he never wanted to give anyone cause to come after his family for information . 
 but there was this one night ... we were on the cusp of a blizzard , the worst maine had seen in years . 
 the skies were heavy and gray and the air was so frigid it practically shimmered with ice . 
 he was running late and i was worrying he would n't make it home before the snow started . 
 your father was about to go out and look for him when he showed up . '' 
 the coffee maker beeped and i watched as gemma pulled down some mugs and started pouring the dark , steaming liquid into the cups . 
 `` he had someone with him . 
 a girl . 
 she was dressed all in black , with heavy makeup and wild hair that fell around her shoulders . 
 she came around the side of the car , looking tough as nails , but when she stepped through that door ... '' gran pointed at the door in the kitchen and smiled . 
 `` she was n't nearly as tough as she wanted us to believe . '' 
 gemma handed me a mug and i breathed in the strong scent of the brew . 
 `` your grandpa had found her somewhere , i have no idea where . 
 she 'd gotten into some trouble and had nowhere to go . 
 with the blizzard coming there was no time to find her somewhere to stay so he brought her home . '' 
 gran smiled and the pink in her aura brightened . 
 `` he told me later he knew i always wanted a daughter so he got me one . '' 
 cole cleared his throat as gemma added like half a ton of sugar into a mug , adding a dash of cream , and then handed it to him . 
 he looked at her intently when he reached for the cup . 
 i noticed she tried to avoid his stare but was n't exactly successful . 
 then , gemma turned away to hand a coffee cup to kimber who immediately wrinkled her nose . 
 `` i do n't drink black coffee . '' 
 gemma made a face and set the mug at her elbow . 
 `` what does this have to do with my mom ? '' 
 i tried to ignore the cat fight brewing between kimber and gemma . 
 `` the girl was your mother , '' gran said , getting up to get some caramel-flavored creamer out of the fridge and hand it to kimber . 
 kimber gave gran a genuine smile and poured some in her mug . 
 then she slid it across the table to me . 
 i added some to my cup , then about half the bottle to sam 's . 
 `` she stayed with us for a week , during the blizzard , and then your father drove her home . '' 
 `` i thought she did n't grow up in this town ? '' 
 i said , confused . 
 `` no , she did n't . 
 she lived a few towns over . 
 i do n't know how she got where she did . 
 she and your father got very close while she was here . 
 i think it was love at first sight . 
 i could tell she was nervous about going home , but she went . 
 then a few weeks later she showed up at the door with a pregnancy test in her hand . '' 
 i glanced at cole . 
 he looked away . 
 `` we did n't know your mother was also pregnant , cole , '' gran said . 
 `` jason dated cole 's mother for quite a while before madeline came here . 
 i do n't think he wanted to hurt anyone . '' 
 `` but he did , '' cole said , no doubt thinking of his mother . 
 `` madeline 's parents kicked her out when she told them she was pregnant . 
 she was alone and she was a very fearful girl . 
 she was always looking over her shoulder and she was naturally afraid to be pregnant . 
 jason felt very protective of her , of you , '' she said , looking at me . 
 `` your grandfather seemed to feel the same way . 
 so madeline moved in . 
 as soon as she and jason graduated , they got married and then that fall , she had you . '' 
 `` and he dumped my mother , '' cole muttered , looking into his mug . 
 gran turned toward him . 
 `` yes , jason chose to live his life with heven 's mother . 
 he wanted a relationship with you . 
 i used to hear him on the phone with your mother , begging her to let him see you . 
 she was very hurt and she refused . 
 i do n't blame her . '' 
 `` he never tried to see me when i got older , '' cole retorted . 
 `` no , he did n't . 
 because on heven 's first birthday everything changed . '' 
 `` what happened on my birthday ? '' 
 i asked , a chill finding its way up my spine . 
 not even the warm mug of coffee could ward it away . 
 `` you were upstairs asleep in your crib . 
 it was very late and your mother and i were cleaning up the kitchen from your birthday party . 
 jason and your grandpa were watching tv in the living room . 
 the baby monitor was on the kitchen counter and all of a sudden madeline and i heard the mobile over your crib begin to play and you started to cry . 
 then a voice said , `` hush , little baby , do n't you cry . 
 i 've come to collect an eye for an eye . '' 
 gran visibly shuddered but continued to talk as her aura bloomed dark colors that i 'd never really seen around her before . 
 `` madeline went racing upstairs with the rest of us trailing after her . 
 when we got to your room we found a man with dark hair , standing in the center of the room , with you in his arms . 
 he told madeline because she broke her word to him he was taking you in fulfillment of their agreement . '' 
 words from my mother 's letter rushed back to me . 
 `` i will not allow you to suffer for my mistakes a moment longer . 
 i must go ... he 's waiting . '' 
 was this `` he '' the same one gran told us about now ? 
 was it beelzebub ? 
 `` you 're telling us someone tried to kidnap heven when she was one ? '' 
 sam said , frown lines on his face . 
 `` yes . 
 but it was n't just anyone . 
 i 'm pretty sure it was this beelzebub you speak of . 
 the way he seems to think you belong in hell , the way he seems to think he has a claim on you . '' 
 `` wait a minute . 
 my mother and ... beelzebub ? '' 
 this was just unreal . 
 there was no way my mother could be connected in any way to a prince of hell . 
 `` there 's no way . '' 
 i denied . 
 `` he thinks i belong down there because he 's psycho . 
 because i had that scroll and now because i 'm the soul reaper , the person destined to release all the stolen souls in hell and cause him to lose some of his power . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm saying , honey , '' gran said gently . 
 `` the reason all those things have happened to you is because of something that happened with your mother before you were ever born . 
 it marked you . '' 
 her words cause my heart to skip a beat . 
 marked . 
 marked by evil . 
 it was true . 
 all those times my mother told me i was marked by evil , she was telling me the truth . 
 she was right . 
 a heavy , warm hand reached out and pulled my chair closer , the wooden legs scraping across the floor . 
 then sam wrapped an arm around my shoulders . 
 `` so what happened ? 
 did beelzebub take heven ? '' 
 kimber asked . 
 `` no , '' gran said , levelly . 
 `` your father managed to get heven away from him and then your grandfather went after him . 
 they had a terrible fight . 
 your grandfather was hurt and beelzebub got away . '' 
 `` he did n't come back after that for two years . 
 on your third birthday . 
 you looked so cute that year in your fairy princess costume , flitting from house to house , hauling that orange pumpkin that was half the size of you . '' 
 `` wait a minute , '' i said , confused again . 
 `` you make it sound like halloween . 
 my birthday 's two weeks before halloween . '' 
 `` actually , honey , it 's not . 
 your birthday is halloween . 
 after the incident on your first birthday and given what was in your mother 's past , she forbade us all to celebrate it on that day and she changed it to a couple weeks before . '' 
 i jumped out of my chair . 
 `` she changed my birthday ? '' 
 `` it frightened her that it was on halloween , '' gran said . 
 `` you ca n't just change someone 's birthday ! '' 
 i was n't really upset because the day was changed , but because of the reasons and because it was actually on halloween ... i was beginning to see why my mother thought i was marked . 
 suddenly i understood why i never went trick-or-treating , except at the mall when the stores gave out candy . 
 i understood why she would n't let me go to kimber 's huge halloween parties back in junior high ... she thought beelzebub was going to come and claim me . 
 i shuddered . 
 sam watched me pace and said , `` maybe you should tell us what happened that night when she was three . '' 
 `` beelzebub came back . 
 he grabbed heven off someone 's lawn and took off with her . 
 your grandfather gave chase and when he caught them , he stabbed beelzebub with a dagger he carried . 
 when jason reached you , you were crying and your grandpa was on the ground , holding his chest . 
 he was rushed to the hospital where ... '' gran paused and took a sip of her coffee . 
 i stood at the door , looking out into the yard , and i answered . 
 `` where he died . 
 they said it was a heart attack . '' 
 i turned back to look at gran . 
 `` it was n't , was it ? 
 beelzebub killed him . '' 
 `` i think so , '' gran admitted . 
 `` after that , your mother devoted herself to god and the church . 
 she thought if she prayed hard enough and repented for whatever she did it would keep beelzebub away , keep you safe and anyone else from dying . '' 
 tears welled in my eyes and spilled over . 
 beelzebub had taken so much from me and now i found out he took even more than i realized . 
 my grandfather died protecting me . 
 gran lost her husband . 
 i glanced at cole . 
 cole lost his father , because once my dad realized evil was after his daughter and wife , the safest thing he could do for cole would be to pretend he was n't his . 
 `` i 'm sorry , cole , '' i whispered as sam got out of his chair to come across the room and wrap his arms around me . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` because of me , you could n't have a relationship with dad . 
 he probably stopped trying to see you because he knew it was safer for you . '' 
 i watched the realization blanket cole 's face , and he looked at gran who nodded . 
 `` when i realized you were likely getting involved in this anyway , i figured there was no reason to keep that secret anymore . '' 
 `` but why not tell us it all then ? '' 
 i asked , wiping a tear from my cheek . 
 `` honey , i had no idea how bad things had gotten . 
 your mother did n't want you to know and she thought by you being here , away from her , you were safer . 
 i had suspicions things were happening , but i also suspected sam was protecting you . 
 it was n't until recently when sam was n't here and you got so sick that i started worrying things were worse than i thought . 
 finally , i decided since your mother was n't here anymore i did n't have to keep my mouth shut any longer . '' 
 `` i do n't understand how any of this happened ! 
 how did my mother ever get involved with beelzebub ? '' 
 i ran my hands through my hair , frustrated . 
 `` i do n't know , '' gran said . 
 `` she never told me and i never asked . 
 i suspect your grandfather knew , but he is n't here to tell us , either . '' 
 `` what about dad ? 
 did he know ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 he was able to protect you and your mother for many years before he died . '' 
 `` oh . 
 god . '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` did beelzebub kill him too ? '' 
 `` oh , no . 
 no . 
 i honestly think your father 's death was because he interrupted an armed robbery while on duty and was shot . '' 
 it did n't make me feel any better . 
 whether my dad 's death was beelzebub 's fault or not , my mother 's , grandfather 's , and logan 's were . 
 he was killing off my entire family . 
 when everyone around you is dead ... beelzebub 's words came back to me , haunting me . 
 he was making good on his promise . 
 a little whimper escaped . 
 who would be next ? 
 i rushed out of the house and down the porch steps into the yard . 
 the sun was going down and the long-sleeved t-shirt i wore was n't enough to keep me warm , but i kept going . 
 i dug the cell phone out of my pocket , hit a few buttons , and waited while it rang . 
 `` i 'm busy . 
 you know what to do . '' 
 beep . 
 i let out a frustrated cry . 
 `` why did you even get a phone if you are n't going to answer ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` i have n't heard from you in weeks . 
 i want to know what you know . 
 now . '' 
 i disconnected the call and brought my arm down , tempted to throw the phone , but a hand shot out and grabbed it . 
 `` you called riley ? '' 
 `` it 's been weeks , sam . 
 he should 've found out where the souls are by now . '' 
 sam took a deep breath . 
 i could see him reining in his dislike for his former roommate . 
 `` you knew him finding where they are was a long shot . '' 
 `` you mean him actually telling us if he found them , '' i said , then sighed . 
 sam shrugged . 
 `` that too . '' 
 just after we got back from hell , riley took off , saying he was going to go take over where beelzebub left off . 
 from down there he 'd be able to locate the souls , and he 'd tell us where they were so i could go free my mother along with all the others being fed off of by the seven princes of hell . 
 after riley betrayed me , i had n't wanted anything to do with him . 
 but then he helped us trap beelzebub and hecate , and he seemed to want to make up for the things he 'd done , so when he offered to help us find the souls-i call it the soul graveyard-we agreed . 
 besides , having eyes in hell seemed like a good idea . 
 but what good were eyes in hell if they never called you back ? 
 `` you think he 's going to betray us again , '' i said , flat . 
 `` i would n't be surprised . 
 i think relying on riley for anything is a very bad idea . '' 
 `` he 's killing off my family , sam , '' i whispered , staring at the low-lit sky . 
 a breeze ruffled the trees and goose bumps prickled my arms . 
 a navy hoodie fell around my shoulders and sam 's scent filled my senses . 
 i pushed my arms through the sweatshirt and leaned back against his chest . 
 his arms came around me and i closed my eyes . 
 `` what do you think went down with your mom and beelzebub all those years ago ? '' 
 he asked against my ear . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 if it was anyone else besides gran saying those things about her i would 've laughed in their face . 
 she was the most prim and proper person i 've ever known . 
 she was religious to a fault , and i ca n't imagine her getting involved in anything beelzebub would be near . '' 
 `` maybe she had a bad home life as a kid ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she never talked about her parents . 
 they were n't close . 
 but if they really did kick her out when she got pregnant , i understand why she would n't want to see them . '' 
 `` well , at least we know why gran did n't seem to mind us burying my brother here or the fact that you 're dating a hellhound . '' 
 `` i think she 's relieved i 'm dating a hellhound , me being marked and all . 
 she 's probably glad i did n't bring home a zombie . '' 
 his chest shook against my back as he chuckled . 
 `` i 'm way better looking than a zombie . 
 and i wo n't eat your brains . '' 
 i groaned and looked up at the sky . 
 `` hey . 
 no more of this marked stuff . 
 who cares that some prince of hell laid claim to you when you were a baby ? 
 it does n't make you evil . 
 it makes you a target . '' 
 `` then how come everyone else is dying and not me ? '' 
 `` you 've had your turn with that too , '' he said , his voice going hoarse . 
 i turned in his arms and buried my face in his neck . 
 `` i 'm tired of people dying . '' 
 `` yeah , babe . 
 me too . '' 
 i pulled back . 
 `` it just makes me more determined to release those souls . 
 not only will it bring them peace , but it will take away some of beelzebub 's power . 
 maybe once some of his power is gone he wo n't bother with us because he 'll be so busy trying to get it back . '' 
 `` which means collecting more souls . '' 
 `` that could take years and years . 
 gemma thinks this will set him back for a very long time . '' 
 `` i know you 're scared and anxious , hev , but this is n't something we 're going to be able to do overnight . 
 it 's going to take time to find them . 
 hell is a very big place . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i pulled back to start pacing . 
 `` but i ca n't help but feel this urgency . 
 this need to get it done quickly . 
 who knows how long beelzebub and hecate will stay trapped ? '' 
 `` riley has a lot of faults , but i do think he would at least tell us if beelzebub got out . '' 
 `` and kimber still has no powers , so we know hecate 's are still bound , '' i said , thinking about the fact that my bff made a deal with hecate , queen of witches , to become a witch . 
 all she had to do was betray me-which she did gladly . 
 when we bound hecate 's powers , it bound kimber 's too . 
 much to her annoyance . 
 `` see ? '' 
 sam said reassuringly . 
 `` we have some time . '' 
 yes . 
 but how much ? 
 chapter four the vile the sounds of gunshots followed by the tortured wail of a woman were like music to my ears . 
 i smiled , walking down the sidewalk of a rundown neighborhood . 
 the riffraff on the street corner eyed me menacingly , stuffing their hands into the oversized hoodies that hung from their too-thin frames . 
 i met their eyes in challenge . 
 let them pull whatever weapon they harbored . 
 it would be no match for my bare hands . 
 i continued by , no one yet daring to cross me . 
 even though they wanted to . 
 my fine clothes and expensive watch all but made these hungry thugs drool . 
 these men and women were hungry here . 
 hungry to feed their empty bellies and their empty souls . 
 it is here that i collect . 
 i gather . 
 i paused at the corner , pretending to bend down to adjust my shoe and allowing the thick black cashmere coat to fall around me , creating a curtain , presumably hiding my eyes from anyone daring enough to attempt to rob the rich guy who did n't see it coming . 
 just as suspected , someone stood from their perch and rushed me . 
 a silver gun glinted in his steady hand . 
 before he could shoot , i had him pinned on the ground and the gun pointed at his head . 
 `` i. . . 
 i did n't mean nothin ' , man , '' the kid said , his eyes darting between me and the gun . 
 i smiled , allowing my teeth to show and the glamour that covered them to slip . 
 the kid made an embarrassing squealing sound and wet himself . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you 're the only one who had the guts to rush me and you ruin it by pissing your pants . '' 
 `` what the hell are you ? '' 
 i was impressed his voice was steady . 
 `` i 'm here to offer you a solution to your hunger . 
 money , power , respect . '' 
 his dark eyes narrowed . 
 `` you do n't run this territory . 
 you got no power here . '' 
 `` that 's where you 're wrong . '' 
 i blinked and the car coming around the corner behind us slammed into the side of a brick building . 
 with a flick of my wrist it exploded into flames . 
 the kid 's eyes widened and i could see his hands shake . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` your new boss . '' 
 i lifted the kid to his feet and handed him his gun . 
 he took it with obvious precaution . 
 `` i 'd like to offer you a deal ... '' from across the street , something slithered from a dark alleyway . 
 it clung to the shadows as its eyes darted about . 
 i started its way . 
 `` wait ! 
 what deal ? '' 
 the kid called out , clearly annoyed i would dare walk away from him . 
 i did n't turn back . 
 i did n't need to . 
 i lifted my hand and his strangled sobs filled my ears . 
 i heard his body hit the ground with a thump and i smiled . 
 i did n't have time for deals right now . 
 i stepped into the dank alleyway as the creature slithered closer . 
 its scales were rough and dry , which made a scraping sound across the hard pavement . 
 `` how dare you disturb me here , '' i snapped . 
 `` m-masssterrrrr ... '' the creature spoke . 
 `` i bring newsss from home . '' 
 `` it better be important or you will suffer . '' 
 i growled , emphasizing my final word . 
 its body moved restlessly . 
 `` yessss , m-masssterrrr . '' 
 i grunted . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 the hissing voice was irritating . 
 i reached out and grabbed it by the neck , lifting it off the ground . 
 when it flailed about , i squeezed harder , causing it to choke on its disgusting tongue . 
 `` show me . '' 
 it did n't respond because it could n't as i traveled into its mind and saw everything he came to tell . 
 white-hot burning rage filled me . 
 `` how dare he ! '' 
 i thundered . 
 windows from nearby buildings shattered with my cry . 
 i threw the creature away from me , wanting to kill . 
 flames began to lick up my legs and then i disappeared . 
 riley the bad thing about living in hell -lrb- well , okay one of the bad things -rrb- was that i did n't heal as quickly as i thought i should , or maybe it was just that having part of your back broken was n't something my body could deal with on its own . 
 who knew ? 
 after getting no sleep and being extremely grouchy with pain , i decided i had enough . 
 i managed to get myself in my jeep . 
 i drove to the sea of black sludge -lrb- water down here -rrb- and got out of the jeep to look up at the sky . 
 i had n't seen the devourer in weeks , but i really hoped i would see him today . 
 i stood there for what felt like hours -lrb- probably only about three minutes -rrb- and then i got mad . 
 so i reached into the black sludge and pulled out a demon , killing him instantly . 
 i tossed his body aside and reached for another , repeating the process until i had a nice pile of dead demons . 
 `` who wants lunch ? '' 
 i called , wiping the sweat from my brow and leaning against the side of the jeep . 
 seconds later a large figure appeared in the sky . 
 its bright-colored feathers were an assault to my senses and i wished i could see him as he used to look-a scaly old dragon . 
 now he looked like a giant bird from sesame street . 
 the devourer landed near the dead bodies and looked at me . 
 i waved him toward his lunch . 
 `` i got you a present . '' 
 the devourer did his thing , opening up his great jaws , and created a strong wind that threatened to suck me forward . 
 i watched as what little souls the demons had left were sucked up into his mouth , their bodies turning to ash . 
 when his lunch was had , the dragon began to turn away and i reached into the driver 's seat to grab a bag , then pushed away from the jeep . 
 `` oh , no you do n't . 
 i need a ride . '' 
 the dragon turned back , eyeing me dubiously . 
 i narrowed my eyes and stepped toward it as i spoke . 
 `` i know you understand me . 
 i know you do n't like me . 
 i do n't really care . 
 you owe me for that little snack you just had . '' 
 the devourer stretched out its neck and put its nostrils up against my chest and sniffed . 
 he nudged me in the side-the side where something was broken-and then looked at me . 
 `` yes , it 's broken . 
 thanks for that . 
 did n't hurt at all . '' 
 he gave a great snort , blowing bad dragon breath in my face , and then lowered his wide body so i could climb on . 
 he was n't gentle with his flying , and i thought about kicking him several times . 
 but seeing as how we were , oh , a thousand feet in the air , i figured i would refrain-i did n't need any more broken parts . 
 when he landed next to his lair , i climbed off feeling worse than when i got on . 
 i gave him a dirty look . 
 `` i 'm not giving you any candy . '' 
 the dragon turned his back . 
 i half drug myself through his cave toward the entrance to the island of hell . 
 my left leg was going numb and i was pretty sure that was n't a good thing . 
 when i stepped out of the cave and onto the island , i squinted against the blinding bright sunlight . 
 when you live in hell-you tend to forget how bright the sun is . 
 i was still kind of amazed this place even existed . 
 life in hell ... it was quite the concept . 
 when heven and sam first found this place the devourer would n't let me come ... apparently he sensed darkness within me-and yeah , maybe a dash of betrayal . 
 i took the treasure map from heven and gave it to beelzebub . 
 it did n't get me anywhere-except lectured by heven and punched by sam . 
 i blamed it all on the curse i drug around with me . 
 being born a hellhound and enslaved to do beelzebub 's bidding was n't something i could really control , but it certainly controlled me for a lot of years . 
 or so heven pointed out . 
 little goody-two-shoes -lrb- that would be heven -rrb- seemed to think despite the curse , i could still choose to be good . 
 it was something to think about . 
 it 's one of the reasons i was living here in hell , trying to find the soul graveyard for heven . 
 that was a good deed . 
 it would also get beelzebub off my back so i could maybe think more about choosing to be good . 
 it was a hard choice because being bad was so fun . 
 sometimes . 
 right now it hurt like hell . 
 ana 's stone cottage came into view . 
 she had the french doors open and the white curtains billowed through the open space . 
 as i hobbled closer , ana came out onto the stone patio . 
 her face registered surprise , but then she smiled . 
 i liked that smile . 
 could n't remember the last time someone smiled when they saw me . 
 then her smile fell away , but she did n't turn . 
 she came quickly toward me . 
 i smirked . 
 the ladies always came quickly . 
 `` riley ? 
 are you injured ? '' 
 ana said , stopping at my side , looking up at me through bright green eyes . 
 `` having some trouble with my back . 
 i was hoping you might fix me up . '' 
 we made it to the patio and i leaned against the small table there . 
 `` come inside , '' she said , wrapping her hand around my arm and drawing me away from the support and inside the doors . 
 funny how her light touch made me feel better . 
 `` here , sit down . 
 i 'll make you some tea . '' 
 she left me standing in front of an overstuffed couch , and i stared down wondering how bad it would hurt to sit down . 
 eh . 
 standing here did n't feel any better . 
 i dumped my bag on the floor and prepared to sit when ana came rushing back in the room with a white mug with golden glitter dancing in the steam . 
 `` here , drink this . '' 
 she handed me the cup . 
 `` it 's very hot , '' she cautioned as i took a huge gulp . 
 it burned all the way down and my eyes started to water . 
 still , that pain was a preferable to the pain in my back . 
 i took another huge gulp , leaving only a little bit at the bottom of the cup , and i sighed . 
 heat hit my chest and spread out , reaching through my limbs and returning the feeling to my left leg and foot . 
 i emptied the last of the liquid as my back healed itself , the pain ebbing away . 
 `` i 'm not sparkling like a girl , am i ? '' 
 i thought of the time i 'd seen heven drink it -lrb- well , actually it was just poured down her throat because she was unconscious -rrb- and her whole body sparkled like she dumped half a bottle of body glitter on herself . 
 `` of course , but in a very manly way . '' 
 ana smiled . 
 i grunted . 
 everything i did was manly . 
 `` are you feeling better ? 
 should i make more ? '' 
 ana reached for the cup i held . 
 `` i 'm good . 
 you could make a fortune off that stuff . '' 
 `` no one is supposed to know about this stuff . '' 
 ana reminded me . 
 `` right . '' 
 i agreed , sitting down on the couch without so much as a twinge of pain . 
 `` the devourer brought you here ? '' 
 ana asked , sitting across from me . 
 `` i bribed him with a snack . '' 
 ana laughed . 
 she had a light laugh ; everything about her was light . 
 it was such a stark contrast to the dark i was used to . 
 `` so what do you do here all day all by yourself ? '' 
 `` i take care of the island , i pray , i cook , and i like to read . '' 
 `` do n't you ever get bored ? '' 
 i was bored just listening to that list . 
 she smiled . 
 `` no . 
 i like it here . '' 
 `` you cooking anything now ? 
 i 'm starving . 
 jeeves is a horrible cook . '' 
 `` who is jeeves ? '' 
 `` he 's my-uh-butler . 
 i 've been living in beelzebub 's castle . '' 
 `` you 've been living in hell ? '' 
 she seemed concerned by this . 
 `` yup . 
 figured it was the best way to keep an eye on beelzebub and that old witch . 
 plus , i told heven i 'd try to find the soul graveyard . '' 
 `` the what ? '' 
 `` it 's what she 's been calling the place the princes have hidden all the stolen souls . '' 
 `` but hell is a horrible place . 
 you ca n't live there . '' 
 i actually did n't think it was that bad . 
 i had power , servants , and a castle all to myself . 
 ` course i did n't think she would understand that so i kept it to myself . 
 `` just trying to be helpful . '' 
 `` hmmmm . '' 
 ana watched me and i felt like i was caught in a lie . 
 but then she smiled . 
 `` well , you 're in luck because i 'm hungry too . 
 i 'm sure there 's something in there we can eat . '' 
 `` ca n't wait . 
 you 're bound to be a better cook than jeeves . '' 
 `` oh , no , '' ana said , shaking her head . 
 `` i 'm not cooking for you . 
 you 're going to help me . '' 
 she pulled me up off the couch and walked toward the kitchen . 
 `` i do n't cook . '' 
 `` if you eat , you cook . '' 
 i pursed my lips and shrugged . 
 i did n't have anything better to do . 
 for a woman who lived alone , she sure was stocked with food . 
 every cupboard and shelf was filled with supplies . 
 her refrigerator was full of fresh produce and cheese and her freezer was stocked with meat . 
 `` where do you get all this food if you never leave ? 
 you hiding a walmart on this island ? '' 
 `` what 's a walmart ? '' 
 `` i 'll take that as a no , '' i muttered . 
 `` walmart 's a place you go to buy everything you can think of . 
 it 's crowded , it smells , and the people there are weird . '' 
 `` then why do you go there ? '' 
 she asked , wrinkling her nose . 
 `` because they have everything . 
 and it 's cheap . '' 
 ana nodded with a blank look on her face . 
 `` my supplies and books get delivered . 
 i get a basket on my doorstep every thursday . '' 
 `` from who ? '' 
 `` i think from the angels . 
 i never see them . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she took some vegetables out of the fridge and began chopping them . 
 `` because what i do here is solitary-the less people know about me and what i do here the safer the island . '' 
 `` but i 'm here . '' 
 and i was far from safe . 
 `` is that allowed ? '' 
 that observation made her grow quiet . 
 i actually felt bad because i was afraid i upset her . 
 i actually had n't meant to . 
 it was hard to wrap my head around the fact that she 'd never left this island and had barely any contact with others . 
 i watched as she took a long loaf of bread with a golden crust out of a cupboard and handed it to me . 
 `` slice this , please , '' she said . 
 eventually i found a knife and started sawing away at the bread . 
 after a few minutes , ana spoke . 
 `` i guess it 's okay . 
 i am meant to help heven and you 're helping her so i do n't think it would be a problem for you to be here . '' 
 she did n't sound one hundred percent convinced , but i was n't going to point that out . 
 i was hungry and did n't want her to kick me out before i got to eat . 
 `` what in the world are you doing to that baguette ? '' 
 she gasped and snatched the knife out of my hand . 
 `` cutting it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` like you told me . '' 
 `` more like maiming it ! '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` maybe you should sit down before more innocent bystanders are harmed . '' 
 i snatched a hunk of the mutilated bread and jumped up to sit on the counter . 
 `` does n't taste mutilated . '' 
 ana shook her head . 
 `` we have chairs . '' 
 `` i did n't want to rob you of my presence by going way over there . '' 
 she laughed out loud . 
 i wanted to hear the sound again . 
 a few minutes later , she handed me a full plate with buttered bread , an omelet with veggies and cheese , and a side of bacon . 
 i shoved as much as i could into my mouth . 
 `` this is way better than jeeves 's . '' 
 `` so if you do n't cook and this jeeves is so bad at it , what do you eat ? '' 
 `` power bars , snack cakes , mostly junk . 
 i do go up to earth and get pizza and stuff sometimes . '' 
 `` i do n't know what any of that is , '' ana said . 
 `` except for pizza . 
 that 's pretty good . '' 
 `` all these years and you 've never had ho hos ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i set down my now empty plate and grabbed my bag . 
 i dumped the contents onto the counter where we were eating . 
 about a dozen snack cakes fell out along with an ipod , some ear buds , and some power bars . 
 `` what is all this ? '' 
 ana asked , smiling . 
 `` treasure , '' i said , pushing aside the oatmeal cream pie and the nutty buddies and grabbing up the package of ho hos . 
 i tore open the clear wrapper and snatched ana 's fork out of her hand and shoved one of the chocolate covered rolls under her nose . 
 `` eat this . '' 
 she took the snack in her fingers and smelled it . 
 `` a bite . 
 take a bite , '' i said . 
 she bit into the chocolate and then pulled it back . 
 i could see the swirls of white cream in the center . 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` i see why you live off these . 
 it 's heavenly . '' 
 i smiled smugly . 
 `` coming from an angel , that 's high praise . '' 
 then i paused . 
 `` you are an angel , are n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she answered , but she was n't looking at me . 
 she was peeling the chocolate coating off the cake and eating it . 
 i watched , fascinated , as she ate all the icing and then began to unroll the chocolate cake and use her finger to eat the white cream . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i usually shoved the whole thing in my mouth at once . 
 she looked up . 
 the bright green of her eyes shocked me sometimes . 
 `` enjoying this . '' 
 i opened up an oatmeal cream pie and the nutty buddies . 
 `` here , try these . '' 
 `` all of them ? '' 
 `` wo n't know which one you like best until you do . '' 
 i ate the bacon off her plate while she tried all the different snacks laid before her . 
 when she sampled them all , i asked for the verdict . 
 `` i like this one best , '' she said , pointing to the ho hos . 
 `` the ladies love chocolate , '' i said , half to myself . 
 `` what ladies ? '' 
 `` never mind , '' i said , finishing off the oatmeal cream pie . 
 `` so where 's your wings ? '' 
 `` my wings ? 
 i do n't have any . 
 there 's no need with the job i do here . 
 they would just get in the way . '' 
 i looked down at her plate of food and she pushed it toward me . 
 i did n't have to be told twice so i picked it up and started eating . 
 `` you know you could learn to cook , '' ana said as she peeled the icing off the second ho ho . 
 `` i do n't have electricity in my castle . 
 how is it you have it here ? '' 
 `` magic , '' she said simply as she licked the cream off her finger . 
 i momentarily forgot what i was talking about . 
 `` magic . '' 
 i echoed . 
 she nodded . 
 seemed to me there was plenty of power and magic in hell so i was n't really sure why beelzebub did n't use some of his to make his castle a little more comfortable . 
 `` so have you found the stolen souls yet ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` well , hell is a very big place . 
 i am sure it will take time . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i agreed . 
 i did n't want to admit i had n't really been looking that hard . 
 at first , i looked around , banging some demons ' heads to try and find the place , but i came up empty . 
 then the demons started challenging my position down here and my focus switched to keep the power and position i had-and yeah , gaining more . 
 i liked power . 
 but sitting here now-with ana-i felt a little guilty i had n't tried harder . 
 i did n't like feeling guilty . 
 `` well , i got ta be going . '' 
 ana 's eyes widened a bit-in disappointment ? 
 - before she smiled . 
 `` yes , well , i am sure you are very busy . '' 
 i shoved my things back into my backpack-leaving behind the other unopened package of ho hos-and zipped it up . 
 `` thanks for fixing me up . 
 i do n't heal as fast down here . '' 
 ana nodded . 
 `` whatever you broke would have taken weeks to heal . '' 
 `` good as new now , '' i said , standing in front of her , dragging out my time here . 
 `` well , if you happen to need more , you know where i am . 
 good luck with the search . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i stood there a second longer . 
 then i turned and headed for the doors . 
 `` oh , and thank you for the junk food ! '' 
 i grinned to myself but did n't turn around . 
 i walked until i came out the devourer 's cave on the side of hell . 
 it looked even more depressing than usual . 
 the brightly colored dragon was there and turned its eyes on me as i came toward it . 
 an idea formed in my head . 
 `` i need to find some stolen souls and you 're going to help me . '' 
 chapter five heven riley never called me back . 
 over the past two weeks or so i left several messages , none of which ever got a return call . 
 i was beginning to agree with sam in that relying on riley might not be the best thing to do . 
 i wanted to like riley-part of me did like him-but i could n't ignore the things sam said about him anymore . 
 riley only did something if it got him something in return . 
 he was n't reliable . 
 he was n't nice . 
 he 'd most likely betray me again , and maybe it was time i just face the facts . 
 riley was n't going to help me . 
 i took a seat at the lunch table next to sam , who was already inhaling his first sandwich -lrb- gran packs him two -rrb- . 
 he smiled and leaned over to give me a kiss on the cheek as he chewed . 
 he smelled like turkey . 
 `` enjoying that sandwich ? '' 
 `` gran 's the best . '' 
 i opened my lunch bag as cole and kimber walked into the cafeteria . 
 i noticed how they seemed to draw a few stares . 
 i was n't sure if it was the fact that people could n't decide if they were back together or if it was because kimber just was n't as flawless as she used to be . 
 i heard a few whispers in the hall about kimber and why she was n't as hot as last year . 
 most people seemed to think it was because she was brokenhearted when cole dumped her . 
 but here they were showing up for school together -lrb- cole was driving her -rrb- , sitting at lunch together , and people were confused . 
 not that i cared that people were whispering . 
 they did it about me too , only this time around i could n't care less . 
 i did n't try to hide my scar and avoid eye contact either . 
 i dressed nice -lrb- today 's outfit was jeans and a lightweight yellow sweater -rrb- and i pulled my hair back when i felt like it -lrb- today it was in a ponytail -rrb- . 
 let them look . 
 `` hey , guys , '' i said when they sat down at our table . 
 cole smiled , but kimber did n't say anything . 
 i would n't really call us friends anymore , but after everything we went through we could n't pretend to be strangers , either . 
 besides , after being trapped in hell and having her soul ripped out of her body , kimber needed people around her that understood -lrb- or at least tried to -rrb- . 
 her parents had n't even noticed she 'd been almost two weeks late coming home from italy . 
 and as far as i knew , she was spending most of her time with cole . 
 `` crap , '' kimber said . 
 `` i forgot my water . '' 
 `` want me to get you one ? '' 
 cole asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 she sighed , then began to pout . 
 `` if i had my powers i could just poof my water here . '' 
 `` still nothing at all with your powers , right ? '' 
 sam asked her . 
 she shook her head , her red ponytail swinging . 
 her hair was pretty , but it was n't as shiny and bouncy as it used to be . 
 `` no . 
 the old hag must still be bound , '' kimber said , narrowing her eyes at the mention of hecate . 
 `` that 's good , then . 
 at least we know they 're still trapped . 
 the minute hecate gets out she 'll find a way to unbind her powers . '' 
 `` at least i would have mine back too , '' kimber said , her voice wistful . 
 i would rather kimber not have her powers . 
 after all , she did betray us all to get those powers . 
 who knew what she 'd do when her magic was returned to her ? 
 `` now i 'll have to drink cafeteria water . '' 
 she complained , looking at me like it was my fault . 
 `` it 's bottled at least , '' i offered . 
 she grimaced . 
 cole handed her his bottle of water . 
 it was n't the brand she usually drank , but it was a better than `` cafeteria '' water . 
 she brightened and gave him a smile . 
 beside me , sam paused in inhaling his lunch when a new figure came into the cafeteria . 
 sean . 
 last year at kimber 's lake birthday bash , his girlfriend andi had gone missing . 
 the police labeled her a runaway and as far as i knew , no one had seen her since that night . 
 `` he still looks pretty messed up , '' cole said , following sam 's gaze . 
 `` i do n't talk to him much anymore . 
 ever since andi ... he kind of keeps to himself . 
 he is n't even playing football this year . '' 
 `` no one 's heard from her at all ? '' 
 i asked . 
 sam pushed his food away . 
 `` she 's probably dead , '' kimber said matter of fact . 
 we all turned to stare at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` like you were n't thinking it too . '' 
 none of us denied it , but we all fell silent . 
 a few minutes later kimber turned thoughtful . 
 `` you know , she probably got drunk and drowned in the lake that night and no one saw . '' 
 sam started packing up what was left of his food . 
 i gave kimber a dirty look . 
 had n't we all seen enough death lately ? 
 talking about it was just wrong . 
 then she gasped , the cap to her water bouncing to the floor . 
 `` the hand ! '' 
 cole paused in reaching for the cap . 
 `` the what ? '' 
 `` when i first got my magic , i went out into the lake and did some stuff . '' 
 i saw a shot of fear through her eyes and i sat forward to listen . 
 kimber was n't one to be afraid . 
 `` and this hand-a skeleton hand-came to the surface . 
 i about peed myself . '' 
 `` you saw a skeleton hand in the lake ? '' 
 sam asked , his eyes intent on her face . 
 his feelings seemed to spike and spill over to me through our mindbond . 
 something had him afraid but also sad . 
 i turned in my seat toward him . 
 kimber nodded . 
 `` maybe it was a piece of andi . '' 
 sam looked down at the table . 
 `` can we not talk about bodies and skeletons while i 'm trying to eat ? '' 
 cole asked . 
 `` oh ! 
 i forgot . 
 i did bring my water . 
 i left it in my bag . '' 
 kimber brightened , skeletons long forgotten , and got up and rushed from the room to grab her fancy water . 
 sam grabbed up his sack and glanced at his watch . 
 `` i got ta go . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` yeah , okay . 
 i 'll see you later ? '' 
 `` i 'm working a double , remember ? 
 come by the gym tonight and we 'll do your training there . '' 
 the senior class was offered a work-study program with the option of getting out of school early every day so they could go to work . 
 since sam is emancipated and paying for his own rent and food , working is essential , and this is just one more way he can get in more hours . 
 at first i was n't thrilled because i had too many classes left to complete to graduate to qualify for the work-study program , so i was stuck here all day . 
 but it was good for sam , and i was n't about to complain about anything that made his life easier . 
 plus , because he worked so much during the day , he sometimes had the evenings off and that meant he could spend them with me . 
 except for the one day a week he worked a double . 
 which happened to be today . 
 his chair scraped back and he slapped cole a high five and then turned to me . 
 `` i 'll see you later . '' 
 i began . 
 sam grinned , his teeth flashing white , and he tackled me , sweeping me and the chair i sat in down toward the floor , holding me so i did n't hit the floor , and then he kissed me , loud and sloppily . 
 i laughed around his kisses . 
 then he righted my chair , planting one last solid kiss on my lips . 
 `` see ya later , baby . '' 
 i was still smiling when i uncapped my water to take a sip . 
 when i lifted the bottle to my lips , i noticed cole staring at me with a disgusted look on his face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , lowering the bottle . 
 `` you two are gross . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` have you still not talked to gemma ? '' 
 a pained expression crossed his eyes before he blanked it out and looked down at his food . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` cole , that 's ridiculous . 
 you ca n't avoid each other forever . '' 
 `` i 'm not avoiding her . '' 
 `` that 's not true and you know it . '' 
 i scowled . 
 `` why do n't you at least let me tell you what i learned when i. . . '' 
 my voice faded away as i thought about what i did to gemma . 
 `` when you mind-robbed her ? '' 
 cole said blatantly . 
 i swallowed and nodded slowly . 
 during the summer a new ability surfaced . 
 whenever i touched someone i could ask them a question and be instantly transported into their mind and the memory they were seeing at that moment-usually the answer to the question i wanted to know . 
 it makes me feel like i 'm robbing someone of their private thoughts and feelings ... hence the term `` mind-robbing . '' 
 cole sighed . 
 `` sorry . 
 that was rude . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i said , but he shook his head and sighed . 
 `` i already know how she feels . '' 
 `` you what ? '' 
 i asked , thinking i had n't heard him right . 
 `` i talked to her . '' 
 `` you just said you had n't . '' 
 `` i have n't since then , '' he half growled . 
 well , this was a touchy subject . 
 but i was n't about to let it go . 
 `` you know she loves you , then ? '' 
 i said , gauging his reaction . 
 i could n't understand why he was so grouchy if he finally knew how she really felt . 
 unless of course she lied to him about it . 
 `` yeah . 
 but she still wo n't be with me , '' he said , losing interest in his lunch . 
 `` did she tell you why ? '' 
 i prodded . 
 i did n't want to blurt out what i knew if he did n't know it too . 
 he made an impatient sound in the back of his throat and looked at me . 
 `` she thinks that me being with her is only going to ` taint ' me and ruin my eternity . '' 
 the tone of his voice told me everything i needed to know about his opinion on that . 
 before i could respond , he said , `` it 's the dumbest thing i ever heard . 
 who gets punished for loving someone ? '' 
 he leaned forward and lowered his voice . 
 `` i mean , really , heven . 
 of all the bad shit we 've seen , you think me and gemma together would be what god is worried about ? '' 
 he shook his head like he was trying to understand . 
 `` i see your point . '' 
 i agreed . 
 `` but i also see hers . '' 
 `` of course you would , '' he muttered . 
 `` women . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i protested and threw my napkin at him . 
 `` us ` women ' just want you to not be doomed for eternity . '' 
 `` so freaking dramatic . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` and it is n't for anyone else to say how i live this life or the one i get after i die . 
 that 's my choice . '' 
 i did n't have a comeback for that one . 
 `` so what are you going to do ? '' 
 i said after a few minutes of uncomfortable silence . 
 all the air expelled from his lungs in one big whoosh . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's been hard to do anything because i spend so much time with kimber . '' 
 `` what 's up with that anyway ? '' 
 `` she needs me right now . 
 being trapped in hell messed her up , heven . 
 and her parents did n't even notice she was gone . 
 they are n't even in town right now . 
 they 're never home . 
 i went over there after everything happened ... '' his eyes turned grim . 
 `` she was sleeping in the closet because she was so scared . 
 she was alone in that huge house . '' 
 `` you feel responsible for her , '' i said , feeling a pang of regret for everything kimber went through in hell . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do . 
 we were together a long time , hev . 
 i know she 's a bitch and she acts all superficial , but she is n't , not really . 
 she does n't have anyone . 
 she 's alone and scared . '' 
 guilt burned through my insides like a shot of alcohol going down my throat . 
 i hated that feeling . 
 i felt guilty that she was going through so much and i was n't there for her . 
 guilty because i remember lying in the hospital after china 's attack and being scared and confused . 
 no one would come see me , but she did . 
 she came with nail polish and playing cards . 
 she acted like nothing happened . 
 it kept me sane . 
 but a lot happened since then . 
 how could i forget everything she 'd done to me ? 
 to sam ? 
 to all of us ? 
 could i ever trust her again ? 
 `` she betrayed me , '' i snapped . 
 i did n't want to feel guilty about this , and it made me angry that cole reminded me to feel that way . 
 `` she also gave us that last marble that got us out of hell , '' cole said quietly . 
 `` not sam , '' i shot back , remembering being drug out of hell and leaving sam trapped behind . 
 `` she told me the reason she got locked up . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` did she insult hecate 's hair ? '' 
 `` she tried to get the map back , '' cole explained . 
 `` i guess after she talked to you , learned the truth about everything , she felt guilty . 
 she tried to get it back , so hecate locked her up . '' 
 all the anger and sarcasm drained out of me . 
 `` she tried to get it back ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` well , that 's something to think about , '' i murmured . 
 cole looked across the room and i followed his gaze , watching as kimber entered the cafeteria , her fancy water in hand . 
 i noticed how she did n't make eye contact with anyone , and she kept her head high . 
 i noticed how people whispered about her as she passed and she pretended not to hear . 
 then i saw her lock her eyes on cole and the way she looked at him ... it was as if she 'd been stranded at sea for days and he was her lifeline , slowly towing her to safety . 
 kimber smiled . 
 and that 's when i knew . 
 i knew kimber might not be as changed from who she used to be as i thought . 
 and i also knew she was still in love with my brother . 
 maybe there was a chance kimber and i could be friends again . 
 i was n't sure . 
 but i was sure cole did n't belong with her . 
 he belonged with gemma . 
 and if i had anything to do with it , cole and gemma would work things out very , very soon . 
 sam i glanced up and down the hallway , making sure it was pretty much empty . 
 kimber had her head buried in her locker as i approached , and i wondered if maybe this was a good idea . 
 it probably was n't , but there was no one else to talk to and she was probably the only one that could help . 
 assuming she agreed to help . 
 with kimber you never quite knew . 
 `` can we talk ? '' 
 i asked , keeping my voice low . 
 kimber jumped a little and then poked her head around her open locker door to look at me . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 i adjusted my backpack strap on my shoulder and looked away . 
 `` look , if i tell you something , can we keep it between us ? '' 
 this got her attention and she smiled . 
 `` oohhh , a secret . '' 
 she capped some kind of makeup in her hand and tossed it into her locker , grabbed her water , and shut the door . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` i 'm serious , kimber . 
 not a word . '' 
 she crossed her arms and leaned her shoulder against the wall of lockers . 
 she was enjoying my discomfort . 
 `` who else knows about this ? '' 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 `` no one . '' 
 her eyes lit up . 
 `` not even heven ? '' 
 `` forget it , '' i said and started to walk away . 
 she caught the sleeve of my t-shirt and pulled me back . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i wo n't tell anyone . 
 swear . '' 
 she held out her pinky finger and i stared down at it . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` it 's a pinky swear . '' 
 she grabbed my hand and hooked her pinky around mine and shook . 
 `` now it 's sacred . '' 
 i did n't think her touching her pinky with mine made anything sacred , but if that kept her mouth shut i was n't going to argue . 
 `` you said you saw a skeleton hand in the lake . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` i 'm not crazy , '' had she heard that rumor around the school , too ? 
 `` i know that . 
 you 're right . 
 it was andi 's hand . '' 
 she drew back . 
 `` are you playing games with me ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` no . 
 listen . '' 
 i stepped closer . 
 `` china-the hellhound that was trying to kill heven ? '' 
 when she nodded , i continued . 
 `` she was at your party . 
 she killed andi . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 kimber shrieked . 
 down the hall someone looked our way . 
 `` shhh ! '' 
 `` sorry , '' she mouthed and motioned for me to go on . 
 `` she did it because she looked like heven , and china wanted me to think it was her . '' 
 `` that 's sick . '' 
 `` i did n't know what to do . 
 heven did n't know about me then . 
 no one knew , and if the cops came and started asking questions ... '' `` you dumped her body in the lake , did n't you ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes and sighed . 
 `` i did n't dump it . 
 i placed it there . 
 gently . '' 
 kimber snorted . 
 `` whatever helps you sleep at night . '' 
 `` that 's the thing . 
 it does n't . 
 i feel guilty . 
 i went back there to , you know , bring her body back up so it could be found , but it was nothing but bones . '' 
 kimber nodded like she understood . 
 `` i want her family and sean to stop worrying . 
 i want them to be able to get on with their lives . '' 
 `` what does this have to do with me ? '' 
 `` i was thinking maybe you could use your magic to bring up the body , so it 's all still together and can be found . '' 
 her mouth flattened . 
 `` i do n't have my power anymore . '' 
 `` no . 
 but you might someday . 
 maybe then ? '' 
 i saw refusal come into her eyes , but then it disappeared and she nodded . 
 `` yeah , okay . 
 but i make no promises on that hand . 
 who knows where it is now ? '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i felt better just knowing andi might get some peace . 
 kimber shook her head . 
 `` what else have you done that we do n't know about ? '' 
 i stared at her , silent . 
 she sighed dramatically . 
 `` fine . 
 do n't tell me . '' 
 `` look , i do n't want anyone to know . 
 not heven , not anyone . 
 the less people that know the better . 
 i do n't want heven implicated in case someone ties the body to me . 
 i want everyone to be able to deny any knowledge . '' 
 `` except for me . '' 
 `` something tells me you can handle it . '' 
 that made her look smug . 
 i wanted to laugh because it had n't really been a compliment . 
 `` do you really think i 'll get my powers back ? '' 
 `` you miss them ? '' 
 when she nodded , i said , `` they did n't seem that strong down in hell . '' 
 `` that 's because i was in hell , with my soul out of my body . 
 trust me . 
 i can do stuff . '' 
 i hoped i could trust her . 
 if she sold me out to the cops , it would n't be the first time she 'd backstabbed someone . 
 chapter six the vile i stalked through the cave . 
 the things i saw moments ago were unacceptable . 
 how had this happened ? 
 someone would pay for this . 
 i would not have it ! 
 the wall of fire was thick , hot and blazing . 
 it should be no match for the kind of power that resided behind it . 
 i reached through the burning flames and opened up the cell door . 
 a decrepit body came forward , along with a soul without a body . 
 i lifted my hands and spoke , pulling the body and spirit through , enjoying their screams of pain as they were burned . 
 they deserved that and more . 
 as they cowered on the floor , i waved another hand to put out the fire . 
 without the angry roar of the flames , the dungeon plunged into silence . 
 i hated silence . 
 it was too still . 
 `` what is the meaning of this ? '' 
 i roared . 
 `` how could you allow this to happen ? '' 
 `` we were tricked , '' the hag of an old woman said on her knees before me . 
 `` my powers have been bound . '' 
 `` how could anyone , a mere girl , bind your powers and trap you on your own land ? '' 
 the old hag looked up . 
 `` the dust , the golden dust , '' she muttered . 
 `` she has the power of the sun . '' 
 this i did not know . 
 this i had not seen . 
 `` tell me more . '' 
 `` she must have found where the flower grows . 
 she could lead us to it . '' 
 i heard the desperation in her voice , the pleading behind her words . 
 i wanted to punish her , but i wanted that flower . 
 i wanted its location . 
 i reached into my pocket and brought out a black velvet pouch . 
 her eyes widened in hope . 
 i grabbed a handful of the black powder and threw it at her . 
 instantaneously , a heavy cloud of black surrounded her . 
 within , purple lightning cracked and flashed . 
 when the dust settled , hecate stepped out , no longer the burned , old hag . 
 she was young and beautiful once more , with onyx hair and flawless skin . 
 around her shoulders was a blood-red cloak . 
 she smiled triumphantly , as if she won . 
 i threw out my hand and the age of the old hag began to creep up her hands and turn her skin paper thin , allowing the veins and wrinkles to show through . 
 she began to shriek as she held up her hands and watched her newly returned beauty fade away . 
 `` i returned your powers to you , unbound them , but only because i want that flower . 
 i want its location . 
 you will find it . 
 if you do not , i will reduce you to that blithering , weak hag and let you rot for your eternal life in misery . '' 
 that wiped the smug look off her face . 
 `` of course , your highness . '' 
 another flick of my wrist and the aging of her hands and arms faded away . 
 `` get out of my sight . 
 when you find it , bring it to me . '' 
 she was gone before i even finished talking . 
 i turned my attention to the soul hovering nearby . 
 it was dark and twisted and utterly disappointing . 
 `` you allowed a girl , a weak , little girl defeat you . 
 you thought i would not notice how you are taking more and more power ? 
 you may be the prince of gluttony , but i will not have it ! 
 no one will have more power and control than me ! 
 no . 
 one ! '' 
 on the floor , the soul quivered . 
 i wished i could kill beelzebub for ever thinking he would be able to gain more power than i . 
 he was probably draining the stolen souls faster than they were being gathered , all in an attempt to overthrow me ! 
 i stomped my booted foot down on the soul , then raised it and stomped again and again . 
 `` you are nothing but dirt beneath my shoe ! 
 nothing ! '' 
 i spat . 
 `` in your quest for power you have lost control of your domain . 
 you are an embarrassment . 
 an abomination . 
 i should leave you trapped with no body and no power . '' 
 the soul moved about , no doubt wanting to speak , to make weak excuses for his mistakes . 
 `` you are the personification of gluttony , but never before have you let your vice get the best of you . 
 you became gluttonous in your need for power and then for revenge . 
 look where it 's gotten you ! 
 you disgust me ! '' 
 it flinched as i reached my hand right through the dark mass and grabbed hold . 
 i jerked my fingers and curled them close to my palm . 
 i felt the ripples and waves of pain and i laughed . 
 i gripped harder , twisting , creating agonizing pain to the spirit . 
 no doubt between the torrents of suffering he wondered how i could do this , and the thought of his doubt in me fueled my anger further . 
 i could do anything ! 
 the soul was flickering when i finally released it , floating down onto the cave floor and lying motionless . 
 `` i was called away from my gathering , from my twisting . 
 i had to come here to clean up your mess and to remind you i am in charge here and always will be . '' 
 i turned toward the creature lurking in the corner . 
 `` find me a body ! '' 
 it rushed off to do my bidding and i turned back . 
 `` never mind the revenge you have been seeking . 
 you want to torture some little girl . 
 fine . 
 i do not care . 
 but when you start drawing more and more power from hell to fuel your fight-when i get wind of ideas that you think you can win over control here ... '' the soul began moving , flopping around . 
 `` you will be punished . 
 i can not have a ruler here who does n't know his place ! '' 
 `` you will be banished to earth . 
 away from the home you love to rule and the land and power you have greedily gathered . 
 your home is now being invaded by someone new , someone who surprisingly is gaining some control and who no doubt knows who rules here . 
 you will not be allowed back here until i am convinced you understand who your king is ! '' 
 just then the creature came back , dragging behind it a struggling , pleading body . 
 `` i said a body ! 
 not a live being . '' 
 i blasted the creature and he turned to dust before my eyes , leaving the man in shock . 
 i killed him too . 
 once his soul floated away , off to twist in the confines of hell , i pushed a new soul in . 
 seconds ticked by and then the limbs straightened and stretched , the lungs filled with breath , and the body rose . 
 `` you dare banish me to earth ? 
 to that vile place ? '' 
 i fisted my hands and brought them toward my body , bringing with it beelzebub 's soul , partially ripping it from the body i just gave him . 
 `` wait . '' 
 he choked . 
 i held his soul there , suspended , half in half out . 
 `` you dare question me ? '' 
 `` n-no . '' 
 upon his defeat , i shoved his soul back into the body . 
 `` go to earth and prove to me that you know your place beneath me . '' 
 `` wait , '' he said pathetically , no doubt trying to worm his way out of punishment . 
 sick of looking at him , i sent him away , spiraling toward the place he hated . 
 the place where he ruled no one . 
 with that complete , i left the cave . 
 i had somewhere else to be . 
 riley stupid dragon . 
 apparently my decision to use this overgrown bird as my personal tour guide was n't a very good one . 
 trying to get him to go where i wanted was like trying to get milk from a turtle . 
 i hunched forward a little more , digging my hands into his overly bright feathers , and braced myself against the wind and the uneven way he soared through the sky . 
 `` take me to the souls , '' i told him . 
 i had no idea if he understood what i was saying , but heven talked to him sometimes and he seemed to know what i was saying earilier ` so i thought maybe i 'd give it a try . 
 it seemed like we flew over the black , thick sludge forever . 
 it was endless and dark , and i was starting to wonder if the devourer was somehow just going in circles without me realizing . 
 but then an expanse of rough granite ground with a fine layer of the gray ash appeared . 
 the landscape did n't change at first . 
 it looked a lot like beelzebub 's land-barren and wasted-but then things began to change . 
 the ride became a little less boring . 
 this place was different . 
 it was developed . 
 small buildings dotted the area below with hard granite paths between them as streets . 
 i nudged the dragon and pushed my hands down , hoping he 'd get the message and fly a little lower to the ground so i could get a better look . 
 he actually listened and dropped from the sky , practically in a free fall . 
 i gave a shout of surprise and buried my hands deeper into his feathers , trying to swallow everything in my stomach threatening to come up . 
 i threw my head back and released shout of excitement . 
 this is what i was talking about . 
 who needed a rollercoaster when you could ride a dragon ? 
 he began to straighten out , but we were n't as close as i wanted to be , and when i tried to nudge him down some more he turned his head and glared at me , tipping himself until i was hanging on and trying not to fall off . 
 `` i get the hint ! '' 
 i yelled and he straightened back out . 
 i decided to never fly on him again . 
 overgrown bird . 
 i turned my attention down and looked at the buildings . 
 they actually looked like houses . 
 in fact , if it were n't for the stale air , the ashy , dark quality to everything around us , i might mistake this place for a rundown neighborhood . 
 all the houses were built out of some sort of stone with dark metal roofs . 
 they were n't overly large and were a mix of square and triangular shapes . 
 what was also surprising were the street lamps . 
 they were actually lit up and not with fire . 
 i thought of all the time i sat around in the dark or carried a giant torch like i was a caveman . 
 did this place have electricity ? 
 we continued to fly over houses and buildings . 
 i spotted a few inhabitants-they were all demons of course . 
 but it was shocking to see how they were essentially living ... it was almost civilized . 
 where are we ? 
 the buildings began to grow fewer and farther between , and then i noticed how a river also ran through this part of hell , bubbling and moving along at a snail 's pace . 
 we followed it for a while and then i saw where it led . 
 to a castle . 
 the river surrounded the castle like a moat , and the residence jutting up from the center reminded me of the ice castle superman lived in . 
 it was all jagged edges and black stone . 
 some parts rose higher than the others , creating an uneven look . 
 i was n't sure if there were windows , but we were n't yet close enough for me to tell . 
 there was an overly large drawbridge lying across the moat , creating a path to the humungous double doors that looked to be made of steel . 
 this must be the home of one of the seven princes . 
 each must have their own land that they dominate . 
 i wondered who dominated this part . 
 i dug my heels into the dragon and he gave a snort , dropping from the sky again until i thought he was going to plummet into the ground , leaving me broken and bloody . 
 just at the last possible second , he snapped out his wings and sank ever so gently to the ground . 
 `` showoff , '' i muttered . 
 in response , a row of razor-sharp teeth were thrust in my face as i climbed off the bird . 
 `` if that 's your idea of a smile , let me inform you about this little thing called a dentist . '' 
 i must have offended him because he flew away . 
 whatever . 
 i began snooping around the land , looking for clues as to whose place this might be . 
 not that i would know the difference . 
 we really needed to make a list of all these dudes . 
 i knew a couple already . 
 let 's see ... there was leviathan , of course . 
 one would n't forget the backbreaker . 
 of course , beelzebub , the bane of all our existences , and i had heard a few of the demons at my castle whispering about mammon and some dude with a name that started with as ... i just thought of him as ass , because no doubt he was one . 
 there was no one moving around the castle , which irritated me because i could n't find out what i wanted to know . 
 i decided to do what any good neighbor would do and just ring the doorbell . 
 i crossed the wide drawbridge , noting that the moat was stocked with demons , and then approached the front door . 
 shame there was no doorbell . 
 i raised my hand to knock and the door swung open , revealing a demon in a suit and tie . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the demon asked , looking me over . 
 `` i was gon na ask you the same thing . '' 
 `` do you have business with leviathan ? '' 
 figures . 
 it was the backbreaker 's castle . 
 `` actually , i do . '' 
 i lied , looking past him into the castle , which was completely lit up-with lights . 
 i pushed past the demon and walked into the expansive foyer , noting the marble tiles on the floor , the huge black chandeliers hanging from the ceilings , and a staircase that had been carved out of granite and polished until i could see my reflection . 
 this place made my castle look like a dump . 
 `` wait here . 
 i will tell the master you have arrived . '' 
 the demon took himself off into probably what was another fancy room . 
 of course , i did n't listen to him . 
 i wandered through a large room with a fireplace , a desk , and paused beside a large flat-screen tv . 
 i shook my head sadly . 
 all this time i could 've been watching football . 
 how had he pulled all this off ? 
 electricity , nice furniture , television . 
 why did n't beelzebub have any of this ? 
 there was a door off the room i was in so i opened it and looked inside . 
 i think my jaw hit the floor . 
 it was a showroom . 
 for harleys . 
 i rushed into the room , taking in every chrome and leather detail of fully restored harley davidson motorcycles from just about every year . 
 man , they were sweet . 
 i 'd always wanted a motorcycle . 
 heavy footfalls from behind had me looking over my shoulder as leviathan entered the room . 
 `` it is you , '' he said , narrowing his eyes . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` nice place you got here , '' i said . 
 `` you were n't invited . '' 
 `` sure i was . 
 your little demon there '' - i motioned to the one who let me in and hovered at door watching - `` told me to make myself at home . '' 
 leviathan 's eyes flared and he turned an accusing stare on the demon who shook his head profusely . 
 `` no , no , that 's - '' he did n't get a chance to finish because he was incinerated where he stood . 
 i stared at the small pile of dust . 
 `` that was harsh , '' i said . 
 leviathan swung back to me . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` well , really , i stumbled upon this place by accident , but now that i 'm here , you can explain something to me . '' 
 he arched an eyebrow . 
 `` how in the hell do you have electricity and tv ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` are you envious ? '' 
 that idea seemed to please him . 
 then i remembered another little fact about the seven princes . 
 they each encompassed one of the seven deadly sins . 
 leviathan 's must be envy . 
 `` just because those things are n't important to beelzebub does n't mean the rest of us do n't enjoy such luxuries . '' 
 `` but how ? '' 
 `` you just saw me incinerate my servant with the flick of my hand and you ask me how ? '' 
 `` so you have all this through your power ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 i knew beelzebub was collecting power . 
 leviathan said as much when he stormed my castle . 
 he 'd been greedy in collecting it . 
 he must be saving it because his land was derelict and primitive . 
 so what exactly was he planning to do with it all ? 
 it all came back to the stolen souls and the power they generated . 
 `` where are the stolen souls ? '' 
 i asked , gauging the prince 's reaction . 
 his face snapped up to mine . 
 `` what do you know about the souls ? '' 
 his voice was deadly quiet . 
 `` i know they 're here , somewhere in hell , chained to the floor . '' 
 his eyes narrowed and suspicion vibrated off him in waves . 
 `` is that why you 're here ? 
 do you seek the power of the souls for yourself ? '' 
 i would go with that . 
 better than him knowing i wanted to help set them free . 
 then he turned thoughtful . 
 `` i 've heard murmurings of the soul reaper being found . '' 
 he pinned me with an intense stare . 
 `` are you him ? '' 
 so the others did n't know about heven . 
 the only one who knew her identity was beelzebub . 
 interesting . 
 `` never heard of him . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` well , i should be going , '' he stepped in my path . 
 `` i wondered why you were here . 
 i wondered what a renegade like you would be doing picking a fight with someone like beelzebub . 
 someone you have no chance of defeating . '' 
 i titled my head . 
 `` you 're probably right . 
 now if you 'll excuse me , i better get on with being defeated and killed . '' 
 i wanted out of there . 
 i had to think . 
 i had to talk to heven and sam . 
 he laughed , a great booming sound that echoed around the motorcycles . 
 `` i can not let you leave . 
 you should n't have come here . 
 you were smart not to show me your hand when we first met because i allowed you to live . 
 i did n't care when i thought your war with beelzebub would n't affect me , but i see now that it does . 
 those souls are very much my business , and i am sure whatever you are trying to do will not benefit me at all . '' 
 `` i do n't take it well when people try to kill me . '' 
 i warned , my voice coming out as half a growl . 
 his response was to send one of the large , ornate chandeliers hanging above hurtling down with a great arching sweep . 
 i braced myself and , instead of running , leapt at it , stepping up and using my weight to send it swinging back toward him . 
 he leapt out of the way as the chain broke and i went flying with the fixture into the other room . 
 i let go , pushing myself away from it as it plunged through a window on the far edge of the room . 
 tinted glass shattered everywhere and i slid across his desk , scattering everything and then landing on the floor with a thud . 
 he made an outraged sound as i wasted no time , shifting right there behind the desk and then lunging across the room , taking his feet out from under him and pinning him to the floor . 
 he fought against me , of course , managing to avoid my snapping teeth and most of the swipes from my claws . 
 i did manage to get him once , right in the chest , shredding his shirt and drawing blood . 
 i was flung off him then by some invisible force -lrb- what is it with all these guys from hell and that stupid invisible force ? -rrb- 
 , but i landed steady on all fours and lunged at him again . 
 his response was to throw me into the fireplace , which was raging with fire . 
 silly prince . 
 fires are for humans . 
 i stood up on my hind legs , inside the mouth of the fireplace as the flames licked around me . 
 and then i kicked out a few burning logs , effectively catching his very fancy rug on fire . 
 the fabric caught like bone-dry timber in a forest fire and immediately his study was blazing . 
 he looked at me then , pure hatred burning in his eyes , but there was also something more . 
 he underestimated me . 
 i loved when people did that . 
 with a sharp growl , i left the fire and lunged again , right through the living flames he was trying to avoid . 
 you think with all their power they 'd somehow manage to get a body that was indestructible . 
 i guess he was too busy watching football . 
 beneath me , the carpet slid , and i used it like a flaming skateboard to skid closer to him , watching as he backed away . 
 he waved his hands using more of that invisible power and the flames went out . 
 smoke wafted through the room , making the air heavy and thick . 
 i shot to run past him , but he caught my tail , yanking me back , and i jerked around , sinking my teeth into the flesh of his hand . 
 i 'm pretty sure i cracked some bones . 
 he released me , howling , and i knew it was time to leave . 
 i rushed into his showroom , shifting back into my human form , and jumped on one of the harley 's with a skull and crossbones on the tank . 
 `` close the drawbridge ! '' 
 leviathan ordered from the other room . 
 the key was in the ignition and i grinned , gunning the engine . 
 the purring sound it made was sweet . 
 he appeared in the doorway , dripping blood , covered in soot and looking mighty deadly . 
 i drove forward , leaving skid marks on the marble and hunching forward over the handle bars . 
 he jumped out of the way as i sped past and through the foyer , right out the open front door . 
 there was a surprised demon outside , trying to close up the drawbridge as fast as he could , but it was only half raised . 
 i looked at him and grinned . 
 then i pulled back on the throttle and let loose , flying forward up the drawbridge and then shooting out across the moat into the open sky . 
 i landed hard on the other side , the engine of the harley sputtering slightly , but i revved it again and it came back stronger than ever . 
 i could hear commotion behind me . 
 i could hear leviathan screaming , but i did n't look back . 
 i grinned , gave a shout of victory , and sped off , leaving billowing grey dust in my wake . 
 chapter seven heven when the final bell for the day rang , i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 whoever said senior year was the best clearly did n't know anything . 
 how was i supposed to care about parties and dances or even college when my mother 's soul was trapped in hell and my family was being wiped out by a prince of hell who just happened to think he had claim on me ? 
 i went to my locker to gather what i needed before heading out to my car . 
 -lrb- actually , it was my mom 's car ... i always wanted a car of my own , but i had n't wanted it this way . -rrb- 
 with my packed bag in hand , i slammed the locker and headed toward the doors that led to the parking lot . 
 there were groups of people everywhere , talking and laughing . 
 i wondered if maybe i would be among them if my life had n't so drastically changed in the last year . 
 i was almost outside when i glanced down the hallway and saw cole and kimber . 
 he was carrying a duffle bag and she was walking along beside him with her cheerleading bag in her hand . 
 i wondered how that was going . 
 being head cheerleader and the most talked about girl in school had to be interesting . 
 i pushed away from the doors and walked down the hall , calling out to cole . 
 he stopped and turned around , smiling , and i noticed kimber was a lot slower to turn . 
 it did n't escape my notice that her aura flared red as i approached , telling me her jealousy toward me was n't gone . 
 it made me doubt what i was about to do . 
 `` heading to football practice ? '' 
 i asked cole . 
 `` yeah , and if i 'm late coach 'll make me do extra laps . 
 i got ta go . '' 
 he gave me a grin and turned to leave . 
 kimber made a move to follow him and his aura flared with cloudy , dull colors . 
 `` kimber , wait , '' i said . 
 `` i was hoping we could talk . '' 
 she stopped and turned back , and as he got farther away , cole 's aura cleared up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 kimber said impatiently . 
 `` i want you to come stay with us , '' i rushed out before i could change my mind . 
 `` you what ? '' 
 she said , a look of disbelief on her face . 
 i could n't blame her . 
 i could n't believe what i was saying either . 
 `` i know your parents are n't home . 
 they never are . 
 i 'm sure staying at your house is ... '' i looked for a word that would n't put her on the defensive . 
 `` boring . 
 there 's plenty of room at the farm , so why not come stay there ? '' 
 `` you , me , and sam all under the same roof ? '' 
 she looked at me like i had five heads . 
 `` gran , too . '' 
 i reminded her . 
 suspicion bloomed around her , but underneath that the vibrant red lost some of its vibrancy and i also noticed there was an increase in the amount of green and blue in her aura . 
 cole was right . 
 she needed someone and the idea of not living alone appealed to her . 
 even if that meant living with me . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i told you , so you wo n't be alone . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` what do you care if i 'm alone ? 
 you made it clear we are n't friends anymore . '' 
 `` we were friends for a long time , kimber . 
 best friends . 
 we 've been through a lot together , and i feel partially responsible for what happened to you . 
 i figure this is one way i can help . '' 
 `` i do n't want your pity . '' 
 `` i do n't pity you . 
 i said i feel partially responsible not totally . 
 you did most of this to yourself . '' 
 anger and jealousy flared around her and i held up my hand to stop whatever nasty thing she was about to say . 
 `` look , the offer stands . 
 think about it . 
 if you want to come over after cheer practice , i 'll be there . '' 
 i left her standing there watching me as i walked away . 
 i could hardly believe i just invited her to live with us . 
 i must be insane . 
 but then i remembered the relief in cole 's aura when i called kimber away from him . 
 maybe if i gave kimber somewhere else to be , she would n't be with him all the time . 
 maybe he would get a break . 
 but what about me ? 
 what would living with kimber be like ? 
 i had a feeling it might be more than i bargained for . 
 * * * i parked in the back of the lot next to sam 's old truck , grabbed my duffle bag , and headed for the entrance . 
 my previous thoughts about college came back and i realized i had no clue whatsoever if i even wanted to go . 
 and if i did go , what would i study ? 
 what was i interested in ? 
 i did n't know . 
 the thoughts hit me like a pitcher of ice water . 
 i had no idea who i was . 
 i mean , yes , i had become strong , capable , and comfortable in my skin . 
 i no longer cared what other people thought of me . 
 i was n't the carefree , fun-loving girl i was before all of this happened to me . 
 i was in love with sam . 
 i cared deeply for my family . 
 but , since becoming scarred and meeting sam , my life had pretty much been taken over with survival . 
 who was i ? 
 what were my interests ? 
 my passions -lrb- beside sam -rrb- , my dreams ? 
 at least sam had this place . 
 this gym might not seem like much to some people , but for sam , it had been a lifeline for a long time . 
 when he did n't have a job , this place gave him one . 
 when he felt like he 'd been spinning out of control , this place showed him control . 
 living as man and hellhound had to be physically demanding , yet he met those demands and challenged them . 
 i completely understood why he would want to be a personal trainer . 
 i 've seen how he is with clients here and also how he is with me in training . 
 he knows how to get results and he does it in a way that 's supportive . 
 he was n't at the front desk when i walked inside . 
 i glanced into the main workout area with all the treadmills and cardio equipment , but i did n't see him in there either . 
 knowing he was around somewhere , i went into the ladies ' locker room to change out of my jeans . 
 the gym was fairly quiet . 
 it was the time of day between the rush of people fitting in a workout on their lunch hour and the after-work rush . 
 i was alone in the bathroom and i enjoyed the quiet , figuring if kimber showed up tonight at gran 's i probably would n't have quiet again for who knew how long . 
 i changed into a pair of black yoga pants with a zebra print fold over waistband and a pink tank top and pulled my hair back into a high ponytail . 
 as i was bending down to tie my sneakers , everything went dark . 
 you 'd be surprised how dark a locker room could be when it had no windows , only one door , and no natural light . 
 i froze , not being able to see my own hand in front of me , and stayed crouched low to the ground , bent over my shoe . 
 i braced both hands on the cold tile floor and waited for the power to come back on . 
 i figured it would only be a momentary flicker . 
 but as the seconds dragged into minutes , i began to think maybe it would be longer . 
 just as i was about to get up , i did n't so much as hear something but felt it . 
 almost like a brush of air against my shoulder . 
 i turned my head but of course saw nothing . 
 then almost immediately i felt the same sensation on the back of my neck . 
 i shuddered and jumped to my feet . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 my voice seemed to echo in the dark , empty room . 
 from across the room , inside a bathroom stall , a toilet flushed . 
 my heart began to pound . 
 a sink from the same side of the room turned on and i heard the rush of running water . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i called . 
 no one was in here . 
 no one but me . 
 that meant whoever else was in here was a what . 
 something light brushed against me again and it caused my skin to contract . 
 i felt it pull in tight against my frame like it was trying to slink away from whatever was there . 
 i whipped around when the showers turned on , the sound of spraying water filling my ears . 
 i turned , putting my back to the lockers , and then i was shoved , something light pushing me back with enough force i fell into the lockers , my head bouncing off the hard metal doors . 
 i did n't have time to call out . 
 because i was invaded . 
 i was firmly up against the wall when something seemed to surround me . 
 dark tendrils of energy wrapped around my arms and legs , winding their way across my body , squeezing and tightening . 
 i felt like someone plunged a needle deep into my vein , sending a cold , lethargic liquid directly into my blood stream and effectively began to knock me out . 
 i was drowsy . 
 just as my eyes began to flutter closed , the bands wrapped around me , pulled me forward , then slammed me back against the lockers . 
 my teeth snapped together with a violence that broke the stupor which had overcome me . 
 fight ! 
 i lifted my arms and kicked my legs , trying to shake off whatever it was that surrounded me . 
 i managed to loosen whatever it was , but not get free . 
 i slammed myself into the lockers again , hoping to stun it , but all that accomplished was giving me some bruises . 
 heven ! 
 sam 's voice broke through my mind . 
 i 'm in the locker room , i told him as i made a dash for the showers . 
 i bumped into everything in the room it seemed-lockers , benches , walls . 
 i used the sound of the showers as a beacon and soon came upon them , stepping in , slipping on the wet floor , and catching myself on a vinyl shower curtain that hung from one of the stalls . 
 the whole rod came down and the curtain draped over me like a bad halloween costume . 
 i tossed it aside and stepped under the spray . 
 of course the water was ice cold and shook my limbs some more , hoping this thing , this presence , would wash down the drain . 
 it seemed to work . 
 i began to feel the dark energy sliding off my body like soap suds heading toward the floor . 
 as i imagined it swirling around my ankles and down into the drain , i could 've sworn someone whispered my name . 
 heven . 
 sam afternoons at the gym were pretty quiet on a weekday like today , and most days i just did paperwork , restocked the water cooler , or did homework at the desk . 
 today , all of those options seemed too tedious . 
 the idea of sitting still was taxing . 
 my body wanted to move . 
 i felt a little on edge but was n't really sure why . 
 it was a little bit of a relief that heven and i were training today . 
 maybe it would burn off this extra energy that seemed to haunt me . 
 i went back to the storage room where we kept extra equipment to see if there was anything that might be of use during training , and when i opened the door i was greeted with a big pile of mess . 
 i 'm a guy , so any other time i would 've rummaged around for what i wanted , then backed away , pretending i had n't noticed the colossal-sized disaster behind the door . 
 but today was n't really an ordinary day , so i started cleaning . 
 maybe i would get bonus points with my boss . 
 or maybe the urge to shift would take over and i 'd start to panic . 
 right as i picked up a pair of twenty-pound dumbbells , i felt the telltale spike in my blood and a prickling sensation across my scalp . 
 not here . 
 i told myself . 
 not here and not today . 
 i put the dumbbells on the rack nearby and took some deep , shuddering breaths . 
 it did n't help . 
 i went back to working , thinking i could distract myself from the feeling . 
 a few moments later , i picked up a pair of goggles that belonged in the pool area and i squeezed them so hard they snapped in half . 
 i dropped them onto the floor and rushed out of the storage area toward the back door , flinging it open and stepping out into the chilly air . 
 i leaned against the brick of the building , putting my hands between my back and the wall to stop their shaking . 
 i was not going to shift . 
 i would not allow it . 
 a shadow made its way across the ground , a big dark shape that moved right over my feet . 
 i looked up just as something disappeared over the top of the building . 
 the urge to shift hit me again , and i bent forward , resisting the urge . 
 off to my right and down the alleyway there was a loud bang and i thought i saw someone leap out of a dumpster . 
 sam , someone seemed to hiss . 
 i took off along the concrete , intent on the dumpster and whoever was behind it . 
 when i got closer i heard the pounding feet of someone running away , but when i made it to the opposite side the person was gone , disappearing around the corner and onto the street . 
 i did n't have time to chase them . 
 i was supposed to be inside , working . 
 as i was walking back to the gym , another dark shape loomed overhead and then something in the dumpster behind me started clamoring around . 
 it sounded like it was trapped inside and was bouncing between all the walls , trying to find the exit . 
 attack . 
 fight . 
 destroy . 
 i blacked out then . 
 i saw nothing . 
 heard nothing . 
 felt nothing . 
 all i knew was the pounding in my body and the fight to shift . 
 the blackness seemed to go on and on and on . 
 until something cut through . 
 something was wrong with heven . 
 i could feel her struggling . 
 i could feel her alarm . 
 she needed me . 
 my eyes flew open , filled with the view of the alleyway and the dumpster . 
 i looked above me , expecting to see something . 
 it did n't matter because there was n't anything there and the noise inside the dumpster stopped . 
 heven ! 
 i shouted through my mind . 
 i 'm in the locker room . 
 i practically ripped the back door off the frame as i rushed inside . 
 i did n't even pause at the ladies sign on the locker room door , but tore inside , not really knowing what i would find but praying it was n't bad . 
 the lights were out and i reached over , flipping the switch and searching the room for her . 
 i followed the sound of running water and found her in the shower . 
 she stood there under the spray , fully clothed , with the shower curtain tangled by her feet . 
 she held out her arms , staring down at herself , with the same look she got when she thought a spider was climbing on her somewhere . 
 but there was n't anything on her . 
 except water . 
 `` heven ? '' 
 i asked warily . 
 `` do you see anything ? '' 
 she asked , blinking the water from her eyes . 
 `` no . 
 was someone here ? 
 a demon ? '' 
 i looked around the room , searching for someone else . 
 i tilted my head when i caught the sound of more running water from the other side of the locker room . 
 `` are the sinks running ? '' 
 she nodded and so i went to shut them off , ducking into each stall to check for an intruder . 
 when i came back heven reached out and shut off the shower and looked at me . 
 `` i look stupid . '' 
 i suppressed a grin . 
 `` not stupid . 
 wet . '' 
 `` there was something here , sam . '' 
 all trace of humor fell away . 
 `` who was it , heven ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it was n't a demon . 
 it did n't feel like a person or thing at all ... '' `` what did it feel like ? '' 
 `` energy . 
 dark energy . 
 like it was angry . '' 
 goosebumps rose on her arms . 
 `` can you feel it now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 it 's gone . '' 
 `` have you ever felt it before ? '' 
 `` not until just now when the power went out . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` the power did n't go out , heven . '' 
 `` well , i was n't standing around in the dark for fun , '' she replied . 
 `` the light was just off . 
 i flipped the switch when i came in . 
 everything out in the gym works fine . '' 
 `` i was n't imagining it , '' she said , almost to herself . 
 i reached into the stall and wrapped an arm around her shoulders . 
 her skin and clothes were freezing . 
 `` i believe you . '' 
 she nodded as i led her back toward her locker . 
 i noticed how she seemed to study everything in the room , looking for some sign she had n't been alone . 
 `` he would n't have been able to do this , '' heven said . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` beelzebub . 
 he could n't have been here . 
 he 's still trapped in hell . '' 
 i thought about the alleyway and my sudden urge to shift . 
 had that been beelzebub ? 
 was that what stirred the hound inside me ? 
 i glanced at heven who was shivering and soaking wet . 
 `` why do n't we bag training for today ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i have more clothes in my locker . 
 i 'll just change . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 she nodded and i did n't push the issue . 
 the fact was i wanted her to train . 
 i wanted her to be as strong as possible in case i was n't there when she needed protection . 
 heven i pushed myself hard in training , until sam refused to do anymore . 
 i wanted to keep going , but i knew by the stubborn set of his jaw and his tense shoulders even the sweetest of smiles would get me nowhere . 
 by the time i headed back toward the locker room , the gym was packed full of after-work health nuts , and just about every cardio machine was full . 
 there was even a zumba class going on in one of the rooms in the back . 
 i decided to skip the shower . 
 just the idea of going back in there creeped me out . 
 i 'd just shower when i got home . 
 i did n't bother changing , either , just grabbed my bag and threw one of sam 's hoodies over my workout clothes . 
 sam was busy on the way out so i just waved to him and headed out into the parking lot . 
 it was dark and cold out , but the lot was pretty well lit thanks to two light posts in the center . 
 i hit the lock button on my keychain and the tail lights blinked in response . 
 i yanked open the door and climbed into the car . 
 before pulling the door shut behind me , i tossed my bag over into passenger seat . 
 then i froze . 
 i turned . 
 i tried to hold back a scream . 
 it came out anyway . 
 there was a man sitting in my car . 
 i jumped back out just as i noticed that when my gym bag hit him , he did n't even move . 
 it was still sitting in his lap . 
 standing there in the open door , i leaned down and peaked inside . 
 i half expected him to yell `` boo ! '' 
 and grab me . 
 he did n't . 
 i turned on the little light on the ceiling , squealing at having to reach my arm inside the car , and yanked it back as fast as possible . 
 the man 's skin was ashen and gray . 
 his lips were purple . 
 he was dead . 
 there was a dead man sitting shotgun in my car . 
 ew . 
 shotgun . 
 i looked at him again for bullet wounds . 
 there were n't any . 
 i expelled a heavy breath and barely noted it was cold enough my breath was visible against the night . 
 slowly , i reached back in and switched off the overhead light . 
 then i shut the door . 
 when i walked back into the gym to the front desk , sam was bent over a scheduling book . 
 he looked up when i said nothing . 
 `` heven ? '' 
 he stood up and the stool he was on tilted over and crashed to the floor . 
 he knew it was bad just from the look in my eyes . 
 `` there 's a dead body in my car , sam . '' 
 i said it so low it was barely a whisper . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 he asked equally as low . 
 a laugh bubbled from my lips . 
 you know your life is a crap circus when your boyfriend asks if you know the identity of the dead body in the front seat of your car . 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 he nodded . 
 `` watch the desk , okay ? '' 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 `` unless you want to drive home with him , i planned to move it . '' 
 `` where are you going to put it ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 i knew the thing to do here was call the police . 
 but i did n't want them poking around me and my family , wondering why i might be the kind of girl that attracts dead bodies . 
 i nodded and sam disappeared out the doors . 
 and i stood there and waited while my boyfriend hid a dead body . 
 i decided then that law enforcement was definitely out as a career choice for me . 
 i had too many skeletons in my closet for a job like that . 
 a woman walked past me on her way out the gym . 
 panic had me lunging forward and grabbing her by the wrist . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i said . 
 she turned around , looking at me with alarm . 
 i forced myself to smile and hopefully not look like i was hiding things . 
 like dead bodies . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just could n't let you leave until you told me where you got that adorable top ? '' 
 i said , pretending to admire her lime-green tank . 
 the woman relaxed and smiled , launching into some story about a coupon and a clearance rack . 
 i made all the appropriate noises and nods , even throwing in a comment about the matching headband in her hair . 
 sam walked in a few minutes later and nodded . 
 i finished my conversation with the lady and gave her a wave as she went out the door . 
 then i marched over to the desk . 
 `` where did you put it ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` the less you know the better . '' 
 was he serious ? 
 like i already did n't know enough to do twenty-five to life . 
 `` sam . '' 
 i protested . 
 he shook his head . 
 sam , i said more forcefully through our mindbond . 
 we 'll talk about this later , he said as a few more people passed by and one approached the desk . 
 i sighed . 
 `` i 'll see you at home . '' 
 he nodded and went to help someone while i went back out into the night . 
 thankfully , i saw no more dead bodies . 
 chapter eight sam i stepped outside and expelled a long breath , feeling my chest begin to cave with the lack of oxygen . 
 it felt good . 
 and i stood there a moment doing a mental check of the hound inside me . 
 i seemed to be in control . 
 my training session with heven must have helped . 
 but it had n't come soon enough . 
 i could 've used this control just a couple hours before . 
 maybe if i had n't been so distracted , perhaps i would 've been able to do something about whatever went on in that locker room . 
 but i did manage to keep from shifting and running off so that was a good sign . 
 maybe that meant i was finally gaining back control . 
 but right now i had bigger things to worry about . 
 like a dead body . 
 i did a quick sweep around the building , making sure there was no one lurking , no one watching from the shadows . 
 i stayed in my human form but tried to tap as far into the honed senses the hound in me possessed to make certain the area was clear . 
 it was , so i doubled back through the parking lot , avoiding the direct glare of the lampposts , and headed for heven 's car . 
 a pit of dread knotted into my stomach and sat there like a heavy rock . 
 it was n't because i had to see a dead body . 
 it was n't because i had to hide it . 
 i 'd done those things and worse . 
 really , i was thinking about the condition of the body . 
 i told myself it probably was n't gruesome . 
 heven had been upset , but not freaking . 
 granted , she 's seen her share of nasty stuff too . 
 i could n't shake the image of someone slinking through the parking lot with a body they then stashed in heven 's front seat . 
 like she would n't notice . 
 not that i thought this was random . 
 oh no . 
 this was deliberate . 
 and so was whatever went on in the locker room earlier . 
 i wanted to kick myself for not sensing something was up . 
 right when i started to feel her panic , she reached out to me . 
 maybe if i sensed something sooner i would 've seen something , heard something , been able to do something . 
 this had beelzebub written all over it . 
 that guy had powers and abilities that seemed unmatched . 
 if anyone could come around and torment heven without me sensing it , it was him . 
 but he was trapped . 
 he was n't able to do something like this from the confines of a cell . 
 he did n't even have a body ... it was energy . 
 dark energy . 
 heven 's words sliced through my head , drawing me up short . 
 is n't that what a soul was , really ? 
 energy ? 
 power ? 
 of course it was because otherwise , the princes down there would n't be chaining souls to the floor of hell . 
 they fed off the energy , the raw power . 
 had beelzebub managed to get out ? 
 had he come for heven before he even got himself a body ? 
 no . 
 impossible . 
 beelzebub would n't go two seconds without finding himself someone to use . 
 besides , riley would 've called if they got out . 
 standing between my truck and heven 's car , i yanked my cell and dialed riley . 
 voicemail . 
 big surprise . 
 `` call me . 
 i have a dead body to discuss . '' 
 i hung up and smirked . 
 that would get his attention . 
 riley could n't resist something as entertaining as a dead body . 
 shoving the phone back in my khaki 's , i glanced around making sure i was still alone . 
 then i pulled open the passenger door of heven 's car . 
 with trepidation in my limbs , i looked down . 
 it was a man . 
 tall . 
 blond . 
 wearing jeans and a black coat . 
 his face was unmarked , and i expelled a breath . 
 i looked at his hands , which were resting in his lap . 
 unmarked . 
 i reached in and unzipped his coat and spread the fabric to look at his chest . 
 besides a t-shirt sporting the logo of a really lame band , it was unmarked . 
 no sign of injury or cause of death . 
 i felt relieved . 
 my knees weakened from the intensity . 
 yes , i believed this had the makings of something beelzebub would do , but i also worried about something else . 
 another idea formed in the back of my brain . 
 what if i 'd been the one to leave this body here ? 
 usually i was sure of myself . 
 normally , i never would have thought something like this about myself . 
 yes , i have killed . 
 but i am not a killer . 
 the only times i 've killed were when i had to , when someone i loved was threatened . 
 but shifting , blacking out , and then waking with blood all over me , waking in places i did n't remember ... it made a guy wonder . 
 maybe when i lost those couple minutes and ended up in the alley , i 'd somehow dragged a body here . 
 no . 
 that was just insane . 
 i might be hurting people during my lost time , but i would never hurt heven . 
 never . 
 and leaving a dead body in her car was n't exactly the same thing as leaving a love note . 
 i forced all thoughts of my responsibility in this out of my head . 
 now , what does a guy do with a body in the middle of a public parking lot ? 
 i did n't exactly have a lot of options . 
 i reached behind me and opened the driver 's side door of my truck . 
 it was a very old truck so it had wider floor space than a lot of the newer ones . 
 i grabbed the guy by the front of his coat and lifted him out of heven 's seat and then quickly put him in my truck , on the floor . 
 he was stretched almost all the way across with his feet almost falling out , so i used my foot to shift them forward and then slammed the door , peeking through the window . 
 it was dark inside , but i could make out the body . 
 but if no one was looking for a body , i did n't think they 'd see it . 
 i sensed something above and looked into the onyx sky . 
 there was some movement , a shape flopping through the dark . 
 just a bird . 
 a car pulled into the lot and parked in an empty spot in the middle , and i figured that was my cue to leave . 
 i headed back inside to finish my shift . 
 i wondered what i was going to do with the body when i left . 
 i wondered where it came from and if riley would call me back , but mostly i wondered when i was going to stop blacking out . 
 heven gran was in the kitchen , cutting up a thick loaf of italian bread when i walked through the door . 
 my stomach growled at the sight . 
 `` just in time for dinner , '' she said with a smile . 
 `` do i have time to take a shower first ? '' 
 `` yes , the homemade macaroni and cheese is still in the oven . '' 
 `` i 'll make it my fastest shower ever . '' 
 gran laughed . 
 on my way out of the kitchen , i paused . 
 `` kimber did n't happen to come by , did she ? '' 
 `` no , '' gran said , looking up . 
 `` was she supposed to ? '' 
 `` i kinda asked her to come and stay with us . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 gran set down the knife and turned her full attention toward me . 
 `` i thought after everything , you were n't really friends anymore . '' 
 `` we are n't . 
 well , i think we are n't . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i feel bad for her . '' 
 gran nodded emphatically . 
 `` i understand . 
 her parents are n't very loving . '' 
 i snorted . 
 that was an understatement . 
 `` well , cole has taken it upon himself to be her knight in shining armor , '' i said , making a face . 
 `` i was hoping if she came and stayed here he would n't have to spend every waking moment with her . '' 
 `` cole 's a good boy . 
 he 's like his father . '' 
 is that a good thing ? 
 sometimes i wondered if my dad only married my mother because he felt compelled to protect her-and me . 
 i wondered if mom never got pregnant , would dad have stayed with cole 's mother ? 
 if that were true , i did n't want cole to end up like my father , with a woman out of responsibility , not love . 
 i felt awful for thinking such a thing , like i was somehow insulting everything my father did for me . 
 my father was a good man . 
 i never , ever doubted it . 
 but did his goodness cost him the life he really wanted ? 
 gran said he loved mom , and they always acted like they were in love . 
 `` heven ? '' 
 gran said , pulling me out of my thoughts . 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` is it okay that i asked kimber to stay here ? '' 
 `` sure , honey . 
 you know this house is always open . '' 
 i went upstairs to take a shower , rifling through my drawers for some clean clothes . 
 i was rummaging through my panties when there was a loud thump at the window . 
 i stood up , hands full of lace and cotton , and glanced at the window . 
 i did n't see anything but the night sky , so i shrugged it off and threw all the underwear back into the drawer , except for my favorite -lrb- they were pink -rrb- and then i yanked open another drawer for some sweatpants . 
 thud . 
 i looked up again . 
 thud . 
 this time i saw a dark shape hit the window and bounce back . 
 almost as if a bird had hit the window and then flew away . 
 but it seemed awfully large to be a bird . 
 i went over to the glass and looked out . 
 there was n't anything there . 
 i waited for long moments just looking out into the dark , watching for shadows , for movement , for anything . 
 after a few minutes of nothing , my stomach growled and i gave up . 
 i was hungry . 
 i was sweaty . 
 i had enough of weird occurrences for the day . 
 thankfully my shower was uneventful . 
 when i stepped into my bedroom afterward , kimber was there , and i figured my hopes for an entire uneventful evening just went up in flames . 
 she was perched on the end of my bed with one leg crossed over the other . 
 she wore black leggings , an oversized pastel-pink sweater , pastel-pink uggs with argyle patterned tall socks peeking out the tops , and to top it all off , a heather-grey ruffled scarf draped around her neck . 
 i also noted her hair looked a lot shinier than it had for a long time . 
 `` you came , '' i said , suddenly feeling kind of frumpy in my sweats . 
 at least i took the time to braid my hair so it fell over my left shoulder . 
 `` did n't have anything better to do , '' she said , all her attention on the phone in her hand . 
 i felt awkward and slightly uncomfortable . 
 if someone told me a year ago that one day i would n't know how to act around kimber , i would 've laughed . 
 things between us had always been fairly easy . 
 her room was my room and vice versa . 
 but , here , now she seemed out of place . 
 i was searching for something to talk about when she broke the silence . 
 `` you hear about the bodies ? '' 
 my thoughts immediately went to the unliving passenger in my car . 
 how did she know about that ? 
 `` ummm , no , '' i said , trying not to make it sound like a question . 
 she finally glanced up from her phone . 
 `` i see you still love your sweats , '' she quipped , looking me over . 
 `` and you 're still fashionable as ever . '' 
 her aura flared with pleasure and i hid my smile . 
 `` yes , well . 
 a girl must look her best , '' she replied . 
 `` all the girls were talking about it at practice today , '' she said , moving onto the topic . 
 `` apparently the police have found a couple dead bodies over the last couple weeks , and the killings ... they have n't been clean . '' 
 `` like they were tortured ? '' 
 i asked , going across the room to turn my desk chair and sit down facing kimber . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` maybe . 
 they have n't released what 's been done , but it got out that it 's been pretty gruesome . '' 
 `` well , i hope they figure out who 's doing it . '' 
 `` i guess hell is n't the only place bad stuff happens , '' she murmured , her aura going cloudy . 
 `` you doing okay ? '' 
 i asked , wondering what it was like to be trapped somewhere and have your soul leave your body . 
 she stiffened . 
 `` of course . 
 do n't i look okay ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 you look great . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` but i know all about masks , kimber . 
 i know how people can hide , and i think you hide behind your nice clothes , hair , and makeup . '' 
 she stood up abruptly and looked at the door . 
 i could n't help but notice that her aura never cleared . 
 `` look , i 'm not trying to upset you . 
 if you do n't want to talk , we wo n't . '' 
 i got up and pushed the chair back beneath the desk . 
 `` come on , let 's go eat . 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 if gran had n't been at the table , the entire meal would probably have consisted of kimber and me glaring across the table at each other between bites of cheesy goodness . 
 but thankfully she was there and the atmosphere around us seemed to relax . 
 still , kimber 's aura remained cloudy . 
 in fact , as i chewed , i noted it seemed to be growing dark . 
 `` why do you keep staring at me ? '' 
 she snapped , drawing my attention to her face . 
 `` sorry , '' i replied and looked at gran for some help . 
 she seemed to want to know the answer as well , so i shoved another bite into my mouth so i did n't have to reply . 
 we finished the meal a few minutes later and i busied myself , making a plate for sam and setting it inside the oven to help keep it warm . 
 i glanced at the clock , wishing his shift was over already but knowing he still had a while . 
 gran went from the room and kimber 's phone went off and she picked it up after glancing at the screen and smiling . 
 pink bloomed around her and i knew it had to be my brother . 
 `` is that cole ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` he just got home from football practice . 
 i 'm going to go see him later . '' 
 `` you 've been spending a lot of time with him lately . '' 
 her eyes flashed to mine . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so are you guys getting back together ? '' 
 i asked , the words practically sticking in my throat . 
 i knew they were n't , but i wanted to see what she was thinking . 
 `` looks that way . '' 
 she said it in a way that dared me to challenge her . 
 it made me mad . 
 `` you ca n't seriously think my brother is going to take you back after everything you 've done . '' 
 she lifted a perfectly waxed brow . 
 `` you said it yourself . 
 we 've been spending a lot of time together . '' 
 `` because he feels responsible for you ! '' 
 i shot out . 
 a very long second stretched by and then she narrowed her eyes . 
 black bloomed around her head and reached out in long tendrils , curling through the other colors in her aura . 
 i gasped . 
 `` kimber ... '' she ignored me and advanced . 
 `` he might feel bad about everything i 've been through , but even if i had n't been trapped in hell , he would 've come back to me . 
 he always does . '' 
 seriously ? 
 how self-absorbed could one person be ? 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he loves me , '' she added . 
 `` he does not ! '' 
 i burst out . 
 she jerked like i slapped her . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` i said he does n't love you anymore , and you need to stop taking advantage of the fact that he 's a nice guy . '' 
 she laughed . 
 somewhere in the house a door slammed . 
 `` kimber ... '' i said warily , very afraid that i knew what was going on . 
 `` he does love me ! '' 
 she argued . 
 the curtains above the sink ruffled with a gust of air that seemed to come out of nowhere . 
 kimber did n't seem to notice any of this . 
 she was so intent on making me believe something i never would . 
 `` is that why you asked me to stay here ? '' 
 she said , her eyes narrowing . 
 `` you do n't like the fact that we 're getting close again ? 
 are you jealous , heven ? 
 did you want cole all to yourself ? '' 
 with every word she spoke , she stepped closer , until i was up against the counter and she stood directly in front of me . 
 i was n't scared , but i did n't like being this close . 
 the black in her aura was still alive and it began snaking toward me . 
 `` are you feeling okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she smiled . 
 `` great . 
 in fact , i have n't felt this ... alive in a long time . '' 
 `` i think - '' i began , but she cut me off . 
 `` if you 'll excuse me , i have a boyfriend to see . '' 
 i could n't let her out of this house . 
 as much as i wanted to deny it , it seemed her magic was coming back . 
 she was mad ; she was feeling vengeful , like she had something to prove . 
 i did n't want her anywhere near cole like this . 
 she was pulling open the door when i stopped her . 
 `` he 's in love . '' 
 she turned back , a smile curling her pink lips . 
 `` you admit it , then ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` but it 's not you he loves . '' 
 energy crackled through the air as she pivoted around to stare at me . 
 `` what did you just say ? '' 
 `` i 'm not trying to hurt you , kimber . '' 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 telling her it was gemma when she was like this was n't a good idea . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 all the windows began to rattle and the door flew open to bang against the wall . 
 the room was instantly filled with the cold night air . 
 kimber 's eyes widened . 
 she looked at the door , then back at me . 
 she smiled . 
 then she lifted her hands in front of her , spreading her fingers and wiggling them around . 
 the half-cut loaf of bread resting on the island lifted and suspended in the air . 
 the knife followed . 
 soon all the utensils and counter appliances in the entire kitchen were up and dangling in the space usually only filled with oxygen . 
 kimber looked at me and laughed . 
 all the lights in the house flickered and the tv in the other room came on , its volume extremely loud . 
 `` heven ? '' 
 gran called from upstairs . 
 with a great snap , everything floating in the kitchen slammed back down at once . 
 but the door caught in the wind and moved back and forth , the curtain waving wildly . 
 kimber walked from the room , striding confidently onto the back porch . 
 i ran after her , as her purse seemed to materialize in her hand . 
 `` wait ! 
 where are you going ? '' 
 i called . 
 she turned back , retrieving a set of car keys from the bag . 
 `` to see cole . 
 i 'm going to tell him about your lies ! '' 
 she yelled the last part and her car hummed to life , the headlights blinding me . 
 i held up my arm to block some of the brightness . 
 `` your powers are back . '' 
 `` and i 've never felt more powerful , '' she said . 
 `` you need to stay here , now more than ever . '' 
 i felt myself lifted , my feet dangling above the stairs on the porch . 
 kimber yanked her wrist like she was pulling a rope , and i was pulled out into the yard , still hovering over the ground . 
 `` put me down . '' 
 i growled . 
 `` tell me who it is . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i 'm going to find out , you know . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 but not tonight . 
 not while you 're all drunk with magic . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` that 's exactly what i am ! 
 drunk with magic ! '' 
 my body was lifted higher and sent sideways until i was pinned to the roof of the porch . 
 the rough shingles snagged my sweatshirt and scratched at my back . 
 i tried to get up , but i could n't . 
 she was strong . 
 a lot stronger than i realized . 
 i watched from the roof as she walked around her vw bug and climbed into the driver 's seat . 
 she smirked at me through the windshield and gave me a snotty little wave . 
 so i lit her car on fire . 
 i reached down into the heat in my center and concentrated on the hood of her car . 
 she gave a scream of outrage when flames engulfed the pretty red paint and the metal of the front end began to groan . 
 i looked at the front tire next , smiling when the rubber began to melt . 
 kimber bolted out of the car and stared at me through the flames . 
 then she waved her hands and they went out . 
 then i was dropped from the roof like a sack of potatoes . 
 i braced for the landing , but it did n't hurt . 
 that must 've been her doing , because even though it was n't too far of a fall , it would n't have been painless . 
 i got up and went to the car , staring at the blackened , smoking front end . 
 `` you owe me a car , '' she said , surprisingly without heat . 
 `` i should n't have done that , '' i said , realizing her car was now completely totaled . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` for once , you do something that is n't all goody-goody and you ruin it by apologizing . '' 
 `` kimber - '' she shook her head and pulled out her cell . 
 `` who are you calling ? '' 
 `` cole . 
 i need a ride home . '' 
 `` stay here . '' 
 she glanced up . 
 `` seriously . 
 i just made everything in your house float , pinned you to a roof , and then you lit my car on fire . 
 you think we should live in the same house ? '' 
 i looked at her aura . 
 there was still a cloud of black , the aura of a witch , but her other colors were in there too , and they were no longer cloudy . 
 that must 've been because her powers were coming back . 
 but beyond the black and the other colors that made up her aura , i also read something else . 
 fear . 
 doubt . 
 loneliness . 
 what i told her about cole rattled her . 
 it made her doubt what she thought she had . 
 i realized i 'd stripped away her safety net , the one thing she was sure of . 
 i sighed . 
 she was watching me , phone still in hand , but she was n't dialing . 
 `` we are n't exactly what i 'd call friends , '' i began and she snorted . 
 `` but we used to be . 
 and we 're kinda in this mess together . 
 the invite to stay here still stands , but let 's try not to destroy the house or each other , ` kay ? '' 
 she studied me for long moments , and i saw the decision in her aura before she even spoke . 
 `` truce ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i really am sorry i ruined your car . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i wanted a new one anyway . '' 
 `` did you bring your stuff with you ? '' 
 i asked , going back up the porch steps . 
 i opened the door and turned as two very large suitcases followed by a duffle bag floated past me into the house . 
 `` how much magic do you have , exactly ? '' 
 i asked when she followed her luggage into the house . 
 she only smiled . 
 i did n't really take that as a good sign . 
 kimber and a lot of magic was n't really a good combination . 
 as we went up the stairs toward kimber 's new room , i decided i better warn gemma . 
 it was only a matter of time before kimber found out where cole 's heart lay . 
 of course , that was n't my only problem . 
 there was something a lot bigger at stake here than just my brother 's love life . 
 the return of kimber 's power ... it meant something . 
 something big . 
 hecate was out of the cell . 
 and that meant beelzebub probably was too . 
 chapter nine sam the gym was finally empty , my shift was finally over , and the day was coming to an end . 
 now all i had to do was figure out what to do with the dead body stashed in my truck . 
 when i got close to my truck i realized i was n't alone and i stopped , waiting for whatever was there to appear . 
 as if on cue , a large figure began to rise out of the bed . 
 it was hunched over so all i could see was the curve of a back and slowly ... the set of wide shoulders ... the light skin against the dim lighting . 
 and then the person shot up the rest of the way , leaping out of the back and landing on the pavement with a thud . 
 i reacted , leaping forward , grabbing them and executing the perfect headlock . 
 as i was about to bring up the pointed end of my key into the person 's face , i heard a laugh . 
 he was very full of himself . 
 i shoved the figure to the ground and crossed my arms over my chest . 
 `` riley . '' 
 he laughed and got to his feet , turning to face me . 
 `` in the flesh , '' he quipped . 
 i knew he could n't resist a dead body . 
 he was twisted . 
 `` long time no see , '' i said . 
 `` awww , did ya miss me ? '' 
 `` do n't you ever check your phone ? '' 
 `` about that . '' 
 he began . 
 `` you really need to talk to heven . 
 all those messages are starting to sound a little des-per-ate . '' 
 he sang the last part . 
 did he ever have a conversation without inserting high doses of jackass ? 
 when i did n't reply , he sighed dramatically . 
 `` fine . 
 sorry i did n't call you back . 
 reception in hell is a real bitch . '' 
 okay , i 'd give him that . 
 `` and finding a charger is even worse , '' he added . 
 `` you must come up here sometimes . 
 ca n't you check them then ? '' 
 `` i have n't been up for a while , '' he said vaguely . 
 `` define a while . '' 
 `` week and a half . '' 
 i was surprised . 
 i figured he 'd be up here more than that , barely able to stand being down there . 
 maybe hell agreed with him . 
 he certainly did n't look like it 'd been a rough stay so far . 
 `` have you found the soul graveyard ? '' 
 `` yeah ... no . '' 
 i knew counting on him was a waste . 
 `` what have you been doing all this time ? '' 
 `` a little of this , a little of that . '' 
 `` riley . '' 
 i growled . 
 `` it 's not that easy , okay ? 
 turns out those princes do n't want anyone to know where they stash their power . '' 
 `` you 've seen them ? '' 
 `` not all of them . 
 mainly just the one . 
 do n't even ask me how to say his name . 
 dudes down there have the longest names . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` we had tea and cake . 
 it was a lovely visit . '' 
 i stared at him and waited . 
 `` he invaded my castle with demons and broke my back . '' 
 he admitted . 
 i waited some more and he went on . 
 `` so i returned the favor . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` never mind . 
 it does n't have anything to do with your souls . '' 
 `` if you are n't going to keep us informed on what goes on down there , then there 's no point to you being there . '' 
 he glanced at me . 
 i wished heven were here . 
 she was good at reading people , and in that moment i knew there was something to be read from riley . 
 i swear it almost seemed he wanted to be down in hell . 
 but that was crazy . 
 why on earth would he want to be there ? 
 `` i 've been looking . 
 hell 's a lot bigger than we realized . 
 each of the seven princes has their own kind of ... kingdom . 
 some of their lands have homes and electricity . 
 they actually look civilized . '' 
 `` are they ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` of course not . 
 they 're filled with demons . '' 
 `` how did they manage all that ? '' 
 i murmured , trying to wrap my head around actual civilization in hell . 
 `` and why have n't we seen any of it before ? '' 
 `` i guess you could say each prince has his own way of ruling his land . '' 
 riley went on . 
 `` apparently all those luxuries like heat and electricity are options to everyone down there . 
 beelzebub must not have wanted it . '' 
 `` but how is it possible ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` magic . '' 
 i scoffed . 
 `` magic ? 
 more like power from the stolen souls . '' 
 `` that too , '' riley allowed . 
 i wondered how much of that power would be diminished when we released the souls . 
 i also wondered after we did it if we would have all seven princes after us instead of just one . 
 `` so what 's this about a dead body ? '' 
 i walked over to my truck and pulled open the door , motioning inside . 
 he came over and saw , then looked at me . 
 `` sam . 
 you really should clean out your truck more often . '' 
 `` someone left it in heven 's car . '' 
 riley glanced at me sharply . 
 `` be straight with me . 
 is beelzebub still trapped in the dungeon ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 but he did n't seem that confident in his reply . 
 `` riley ... '' i warned . 
 `` he was there last time i looked , '' he said . 
 `` which was ? '' 
 `` two days ago ... '' i swore . 
 `` so you do n't know . '' 
 `` uh , i think i 'd know if someone stormed my castle in an angry rage because they wanted it back . '' 
 `` your castle ? '' 
 `` possession is nine-tenths of the law . '' 
 `` there is no law in hell . '' 
 he made a face . 
 `` let 's just dump this body and go eat . 
 i 'm starving . 
 i have n't had real food in days . '' 
 we argued for ten minutes about where we should take it . 
 all riley 's ideas were strange and twisted and he said all of mine were boring . 
 finally , he sighed . 
 `` let 's just go dump it in the lake . '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 visions of andi and her remains at the bottom of the lake flashed before me . 
 i glanced back at the man in my truck . 
 i did n't kill him -lrb- at least i did n't think so -rrb- and there was no sign of foul play on him -lrb- except for the fact he was in my girlfriend 's car -rrb- , so i decided to take a risk . 
 `` come on , '' i told riley and climbed in , leaving the body where it was and fitting my feet around it . 
 when riley was in , i pointed the truck toward the alley behind the gym and stopped a couple buildings down beside a very large dumpster . 
 i left the engine running and then yanked him out by the coat and set him beside the trash bin against the wall of the building . 
 then i stripped him of his coat -lrb- it had my fingerprints on it -rrb- and tossed it behind the seats inside the cab . 
 i could feel riley 's stare when i climbed back in and shut the door . 
 i glanced over at him . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 i was entirely serious . 
 i was tired of hiding bodies , coming up with lies and ways to disguise the fact that someone died . 
 i may not have known this man , but someone did , someone who probably would want to know what happened to him . 
 i did n't kill him and i was n't going to act like i did by disposing of his body . 
 i did n't bother explaining any of this to riley . 
 i doubted he would understand . 
 and frankly , i was tired of talking to him . 
 `` yep , '' i said and drove away . 
 the vile i watched them from the darkness ... beneath the cloak of shadows . 
 they were so caught up in what they were doing they did n't even know i was lurking ... planning ... plotting . 
 it appeared these two had an alliance of some sort . 
 the light one seemed to be wary of the dark one ... perhaps the dark one held more power . 
 he was definitely more corrupt . 
 living in hell and being bound to beelzebub made sure of that . 
 i was impressed with the way he managed to stir everything up when he invaded that gluttonous prince 's castle . 
 he could be an asset to my team , to my twisting . 
 the light one , he appeared more stable , more able to resist the temptation of the twisted part inside him . 
 yet , i knew it was there , could be cultivated , could be stirred ... could be used . 
 perhaps i had been too hasty in tossing hellhounds out of hell all those centuries ago . 
 these two sure looked interesting and so full of evil possibilities . 
 why , even at this very moment they were dumping a dead body in an alleyway . 
 it would n't be my first choice for disposing of a body , but it would do . 
 a satisfied smile curved my lips as i watched . 
 tomorrow , when the body was discovered , just a little more hope that the world was n't as bad as it seemed would slip away . 
 one more person-perhaps more-would be swayed to my side , toward the darkness . 
 with a little more urging on my part , i would have more warped citizens roaming the earth and causing even more corruption . 
 i rubbed my hands together in anticipation . 
 someday i would gain enough power here to completely take over . 
 it might take hundreds or thousands of years , but i was a patient man . 
 i would enjoy every corruption , every perversion between now and then . 
 i would savor the taste of goodness ' death and i would feast on the souls of the dead . 
 yes , these two hellhounds with their uneasy alliance would be a perfect fit for my plans . 
 it might take a bit of coercing to get them to agree . 
 but i did n't mind the work . 
 it would all pay off in the end . 
 and me ? 
 well , i would have two very loyal and nasty hounds to do my bidding . 
 heven i heard sam 's truck coming up the drive and rushed down the stairs and out onto the porch to meet him . 
 i heard kimber following , probably wondering how i was going to tell him beelzebub had gotten free , but i did n't look back at her . 
 yes , i needed to tell him what was going on , but i also just wanted to see him . 
 sometimes amidst chaos it was nice to feel grounded . 
 sam grounded me . 
 his love was like a weight that kept me tethered to reality . 
 it keep me from spinning away into the unknown . 
 he pulled up next to kimber 's car . 
 i know he noticed the condition it was in , but to his credit he did n't jump out asking me if my inner pyro had been at it again . 
 i was just about to greet him when the passenger side door opened and riley stepped out . 
 he looked the same as always-dark hair that had grown and now fell into his very dark , piercing eyes and a body that looked hard as ever . 
 `` you came after all , '' i said as he moved around the truck . 
 he did n't look at me . 
 he was busy staring at the charred remains of the vw bug . 
 `` who barbequed the car ? '' 
 he asked as kimber came out on the porch behind me . 
 `` kimber and i had a disagreement , '' i said shortly . 
 riley laughed . 
 sam lifted just one of his eyebrows in silent inquiry . 
 i shook my head . 
 do n't ask , i told him . 
 `` as you can see , i 'm still in one perfect piece , '' kimber announced , coming to stand beside me . 
 i stifled an eye roll . 
 riley snorted . 
 `` i 've seen better , '' kimber made a sound in the back of her throat . 
 `` please . 
 you would n't know beauty if it hit you over the head . '' 
 riley grinned and motioned to himself . 
 `` hell-o , definition of beauty is standing right here . '' 
 kimber was n't amused . 
 i was . 
 riley was exactly the kind of torture i 'd endure seeing kimber put up with . 
 she turned to me . 
 `` why is he here ? '' 
 `` i think you know why , '' i told her . 
 `` i 'm starving , '' riley said . 
 `` please tell me you have food . '' 
 he came up the steps , brushing by kimber , causing her to stumble . 
 `` watch it , red . 
 do n't get in the way of a man and his meal . '' 
 she let out an outraged wail and the next thing i knew riley was lifted off his feet and pinned against the roof of the porch . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 riley said , flailing his arms and legs to no avail . 
 sam appeared at my side instantly , staring up at riley with a grim expression on his face . 
 `` kimber . 
 put riley down , '' i said . 
 `` apologize , '' she bit out , looking up . 
 riley crossed his arms over his chest and stared at her . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she growled . 
 `` you might be able to catch a few bugs up there for supper , '' she shot out , then went inside , slamming the door behind her . 
 `` what a witch , '' riley mumbled . 
 `` she has her powers back ? '' 
 sam said , ignoring riley . 
 i nodded . 
 `` they came back when she was here earlier . 
 we were arguing ... '' i glanced up at riley and then back at sam , lowering my voice . 
 `` about cole . '' 
 `` why cole ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i might have told her he was in love with someone else . '' 
 sam sighed . 
 `` i can hear you , you know , '' riley said dryly . 
 then he raised his voice so it would carry inside . 
 `` ai n't no wonder red 's having issues in the man department . 
 no one wants to date crazy ! '' 
 something inside banged and then riley hit the ground with a sharp smack . 
 i looked at him . 
 `` do you think you could maybe stop instigating her ? 
 we have to live here with her and she 's already mad enough . '' 
 `` live here ? '' 
 sam asked . 
 `` i asked her to stay with us for a while . '' 
 i explained . 
 `` i thought it would keep her away from cole . 
 plus , now that she has her powers back , it might be a good idea to keep an eye on her . '' 
 `` good luck with that , '' riley said , then went in the house . 
 i did n't hear any yelling so i thought maybe kimber had gone up to her room . 
 `` i thought he 'd never leave , '' sam said , pulling me into his arms . 
 he rested his chin on the top of my head and i let out a sigh . 
 `` glad you 're home , '' i mumbled against him . 
 `` yeah , me too . '' 
 `` what did you do with the body ? '' 
 `` i left it in the alleyway behind the gym . '' 
 i pulled back , searching his face . 
 `` do you think that was a good idea ? '' 
 sam shrugged . 
 he looked tired . 
 he opened his mouth to explain and i put my fingers over it . 
 `` forget it . 
 it does n't matter . 
 you did what you thought was best . '' 
 `` i love you , '' he said against my skin . 
 i smiled and pulled my fingers away . 
 `` love you . '' 
 inside , cupboards banged and i heard the refrigerator door open . 
 i sighed and went in the house , sam following along beside me . 
 i grabbed his plate from the oven and riley tracked my movements , scowling when i handed it to sam . 
 i smiled . 
 `` relax there 's more . '' 
 i shooed him over to the table and began to make him a plate . 
 `` so when did he get out ? '' 
 i asked riley . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` beelzebub . 
 that 's why you 're here , is n't it ? 
 to tell us he escaped . '' 
 sam shook his head . 
 `` he did n't know . '' 
 `` what have you been doing down there , riley ? '' 
 `` causing trouble , '' he said , but then he glanced away and i knew he was doing more than that . 
 `` did you find the souls ? '' 
 `` what is this , twenty questions ? '' 
 i took that as a no and handed him a heaping plate of warmed macaroni and cheese . 
 he attacked the plate with single-minded precision . 
 i put the rest of the bowl in the microwave to heat , knowing he was going to eat it all . 
 what 's he doing here ? 
 i asked sam . 
 i 'm not really sure . 
 he glanced at riley . 
 maybe he was just hungry . 
 `` i 'm going to call cole and gemma . 
 they need to know about beelzebub . '' 
 sam nodded while i made the phone calls . 
 when i hung up , i said , `` they 're coming over . '' 
 riley still had n't looked up from his almost empty plate . 
 i sighed and brought the bowl with the rest of the noodles and slid it under his nose . 
 `` i love you , '' he said , not bothering to look up . 
 sam bristled , but i laughed . 
 `` how long has it been since you 've eaten ? '' 
 `` i had some - '' he began , then seemed to stop himself and shrugged . 
 `` a while . '' 
 i looked at sam . 
 he shrugged too . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 men . 
 `` have you even tried to find the souls ? '' 
 i asked , sitting down next to sam . 
 `` they are n't just sitting out in the open , '' riley replied . 
 then he set down his fork . 
 `` but i have an idea . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` and let me tell you , the devourer is a real pain in the ass . 
 i do n't know how you get him to do anything . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 `` more like what did he do to me ... '' `` i 'll bring extra sinckers next time i go down there . 
 you probably traumatized the poor thing . '' 
 `` it 's a giant dragon . '' 
 riley pointed out . 
 `` with a brain the size of a peanut . 
 he does n't get traumatized . '' 
 the gas burner on the stove lit ' flames shot from beneath the cook top . 
 riley looked between me and the flames . 
 `` we 're inside the house , heven . '' 
 sam reminded me , placing a hand over mine . 
 i took a deep breath and looked away from riley toward the flames . 
 i tried to get them to go out , concentrating on them until fire was all i saw . 
 nothing . 
 gemma appeared in the doorway between the kitchen and family room , walking into the room and seeing the flames . 
 she grabbed a nearby dishtowel and slapped the fire a few times until it went out . 
 `` are you having trouble controlling the fire ? '' 
 she asked , turning toward me . 
 i nodded . 
 gemma saw riley sitting at the table . 
 `` i can see why . '' 
 `` great to see you as always , gemma , '' he muttered . 
 she smiled . 
 i looked at riley . 
 `` stay away from my dragon . '' 
 `` gladly . '' 
 `` you said you had an idea ? '' 
 sam asked him , trying to get the conversation back on track . 
 riley nodded as a truck pulled up next to the house . 
 `` might as well wait until cole comes in , tell us all at once , '' i said , and a few seconds later cole walked through the back door , eyes going straight to gemma . 
 `` hey , guys , '' cole said , still looking at only her . 
 `` gems . '' 
 `` hey , cole , '' she replied , returning his look . 
 if these two were n't careful , they would start a fire of their own . 
 kimber bounced into the kitchen , breaking the silent tension . 
 `` cole ! '' 
 she went right up to him , wrapping her arms around his waist for a hug . 
 cole hugged her back , but the expression on his face was pinched . 
 gemma turned away to search the fridge for a bottle of water . 
 `` so what 's going on ? '' 
 cole asked , dislodging himself from kimber and going to sit at the table next to riley . 
 `` my magic came back ! '' 
 kimber burst out like it was great news . 
 `` he got out ? '' 
 cole said , going right to the heart of the matter . 
 `` we think so . 
 riley has n't checked yet . '' 
 i explained . 
 `` it would explain what happened earlier , '' sam told me . 
 `` what happened earlier ? '' 
 gemma asked , walking toward the table . 
 her hair was down and falling around her face in large waves . 
 kimber watched her as she moved . 
 i explained about the locker room and the body . 
 then sam explained what he and riley did with it . 
 `` it has to be him , '' cole said when we were done . 
 i nodded . 
 `` it 's the only explanation . '' 
 `` maybe he 's the one who 's responsible for the other bodies too , '' added kimber , who was silent up until now . 
 `` what other bodies ? '' 
 sam asked , fully alert . 
 she explained what she told me earlier . 
 everything about sam changed ... tightened . 
 i did n't think anyone else noticed , but i sure did . 
 his anxiety practically attacked me through the mindbond . 
 `` it could n't have been beelzebub , '' riley put in . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 kimber demanded , mad that he was shooting down her theory . 
 `` because he was trapped last time i checked , which was only two days ago . 
 you said those bodies were found over the course of a couple weeks . '' 
 `` and you just got your magic back tonight , '' i said , then looked at her . 
 `` right ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` if they got out weeks ago , you 'd have had your magic back then . '' 
 `` unless it took a while for hecate to get it back , '' gemma suggested . 
 riley was shaking his head adamantly . 
 `` it 's been in the last two days . '' 
 `` it does n't matter , '' cole said . 
 `` the point is they 're out . 
 we all need to be more careful now . 
 who knows what he 's going to do ? '' 
 he looked at gemma when he spoke , as if her safety was the most important thing to him . 
 and judging from his aura , i would say it was . 
 kimber watched cole carefully . 
 thank goodness she could n't read auras . 
 `` i 've got to release those souls , '' i said , almost to myself . 
 it was going to be a lot harder now that he was out and we did n't know where he was . 
 `` about that , '' riley began . 
 `` like i said , hell is huge . 
 i 've been looking around . 
 there 's no sign of them . 
 i think the only way we 're going to find them is if we follow one . '' 
 `` follow one ? '' 
 gemma asked . 
 he nodded . 
 the princes steal them . 
 then they have to take them to the graveyard . 
 why do n't we just follow a prince around until he steals a soul and then watch and see where he takes it ? '' 
 sam nodded . 
 `` it could work . '' 
 `` of course it could . '' 
 riley scoffed . 
 `` i thought of it . '' 
 `` egotistical , '' kimber muttered . 
 riley flashed her a smile and she rolled her eyes . 
 `` how are we going to find another prince ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` riley says they have their own land , like kingdoms down there . 
 he can show us where to go and then we can follow him . '' 
 `` i think we should stay away from leviathan . 
 he 's a little ticked at me for the moment . '' 
 `` riley . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` he had it coming . '' 
 he got up from his chair and started rummaging through the cabinets again . 
 when he found a box of ho hos he got this weird look on his face and then went outside . 
 i looked at sam , who just shrugged , and then riley reappeared with a backpack in hand , which he proceeded to stuff the entire box into . 
 `` like those much ? '' 
 kimber asked . 
 `` something like that , '' he said and continued to explore . 
 i offered to make him a sandwich and he offered to eat two . 
 `` so when should we go down there ? '' 
 i asked while spreading mayo on slices of bread . 
 `` we have school tomorrow . 
 and a football game friday night . '' 
 kimber pointed out . 
 `` plus , i 'm planning a party . '' 
 `` a party ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my annual halloween party , '' she said like it was obvious . 
 `` you did n't think i was going to let all this crazy get in the way of that , did you ? '' 
 `` i guess i thought stopping beelzebub from killing people might be more important . '' 
 i found it extremely ironic we were planning our trips to hell around our school and party schedule . 
 `` well , excuse me for wanting to have a life . '' 
 she sniffed . 
 `` it 's almost your birthday , hev , '' cole said , and i glared at him . 
 was he taking her side ? 
 i would like nothing more than to forget about my birthday this year . 
 finding out it was n't on the day i thought it was and the reason it was changed was because a prince of hell tried to kidnap me on the real date twice ... well ... that put a damper on things . 
 `` this weekend ? '' 
 i ventured . 
 `` i have to work saturday , '' sam said . 
 `` why do n't we let riley make sure he really has gotten out and where he is ? '' 
 gemma suggested . 
 `` running off to hell without knowing any of these things is asking for trouble . '' 
 `` i do n't think riley should go back down there , '' i said . 
 gemma was right . 
 we needed to know more about what beelzebub was up to . 
 riley looked at me like i had three heads as he grabbed a sandwich off the counter . 
 `` i 'm going back to hell . 
 to my castle . '' 
 it was my turn to look at him funny . 
 `` he 's going to want his castle back . '' 
 `` too bad , '' riley said , shoving a humungous bite into his mouth . 
 `` that 's suicide , '' sam told him . 
 `` please , '' riley said . 
 `` he wo n't kill me . 
 i 'm supposed to be his errand boy , remember ? '' 
 `` what 's he talking about ? '' 
 kimber asked me . 
 `` riley 's cursed . '' 
 kimber laughed . 
 riley scowled . 
 gemma slid into the chair next to cole at the table . 
 he shifted slightly so he was closer to her . 
 she looked at him but said nothing . 
 kimber stopped laughing and went dead silent . 
 her aura bloomed black . 
 `` kimber ... '' i began , but she ignored me . 
 `` it 's you , '' she said low , looking at gemma . 
 gemma gave her a puzzled look . 
 `` what ? '' 
 kimber stood , her chair clattering to the floor as she pinned cole with an accusing look . 
 `` you 're in love with her ? '' 
 cole got to his feet . 
 `` kimber ... '' everything in the kitchen began to float for the second time that day and outside a clap of thunder broke through the sky . 
 `` cool trick , '' riley said and kept eating . 
 gemma seemed to realize things were about to turn ugly so she stood as well and said , `` we 're not together . '' 
 kimber glared at gemma , and sam 's empty dinner plate flung off the table , heading straight for gemma . 
 cole stepped protectively in front of her and knocked the plate out of the way . 
 `` that 's enough , '' he said . 
 but protecting gemma was the worst thing he could have done . 
 the red and black in kimber 's aura began to battle . 
 the windows and doors began to shake . 
 sam , who was closest to kimber , reached out and grabbed her arm . 
 `` come on , '' he said . 
 `` let 's go outside . '' 
 kimber shook him off , but she did storm outside . 
 `` i think i should go , '' gemma said . 
 `` stay . 
 let 's see how mad she 'll get , '' riley said . 
 we all ignored him . 
 gemma walked into the family room and cole followed . 
 i went after them both , wanting to explain . 
 when i walked in they were standing beside the couch , only a few feet between them . 
 `` you promised , cole , '' gemma was telling him . 
 `` i have n't come to see you at all , '' he said and held up his hands . 
 `` i 'm not touching you . '' 
 `` you should go talk to her . 
 tell her there 's nothing between us . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he growled . 
 `` i wo n't lie . '' 
 `` but it 's the truth . 
 there 's nothing between us . '' 
 `` we might not be together , but nothing has changed . 
 i 'm still in love with you . '' 
 gemma 's face softened for a moment , but then she turned away . 
 `` wait , '' i said , coming farther into the room . 
 `` i need to apologize . 
 i invited her here to stay ... i thought cole would n't have to spend so much time with her . '' 
 `` it 's fine , heven . 
 this is n't your fault . '' 
 `` but i 'm the one that told her you were in love with someone else . '' 
 he pinched his nose with his thumb and finger . 
 `` i did n't tell her who it was . 
 i guess she could see it . '' 
 `` i 'm going to go , '' gemma said , her voice hoarse . 
 cole looked like he wanted to ask her to stay , but he did n't say anything . 
 `` i 'll be in touch to see what riley learns when he goes back to hell , '' gemma told me . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' she replied , and then she was gone . 
 cole looked like he wanted to punch something . 
 `` damn , '' he said to no one and then he turned to me . 
 `` i better go talk to kimber . '' 
 he went into the kitchen and out the back door into the yard as sam stepped into the room . 
 `` where 's riley ? '' 
 i asked warily . 
 `` stuffing everything he can find into that bag of his . '' 
 `` he 's out , sam , '' i said . 
 `` beelzebub is out . '' 
 `` we do n't know that for sure . '' 
 he hedged . 
 i gave him a look and he sighed , holding out his arms . 
 i stepped into them . 
 at least he did n't try to tell me it would be okay . 
 we would have both known he was lying . 
 i closed my eyes and pressed myself closer to him , wondering what beelzebub was going to do to my family next . 
 chapter ten riley i hefted my newly stocked backpack over my shoulder and glanced into the living room . 
 sam and heven were in there , being all touchy touchy , so i figured that was my cue to leave . 
 before heading out the back door , i grabbed a soda from the fridge and popped the top . 
 halfway down the porch steps , i paused when i heard the crazy one screech . 
 `` you better tell me right now you are not in love with that ... that ... fallen angel . '' 
 she wailed . 
 `` i mean , seriously , cole . 
 i 've never seen her in anything but jeans and boots . '' 
 `` calm down , kimber , '' cole replied and i grinned , taking a seat near the big bush at the bottom of the steps . 
 i was n't in a hurry and eavesdropping was fun . 
 especially when you eavesdropped on crazy . 
 and kimber was c-r-a-z-y . 
 `` do you have any idea what i 've been through tonight ? '' 
 crazy said . 
 `` she invited me to stay here and then she toasted my car ! 
 it 's completely undrivable ! '' 
 `` well , what did you do to her ? '' 
 cole asked . 
 `` always taking up for heven , '' she said , and i snickered , glancing around the bush to see her throw her hands up in the air . 
 the red curls on her head bounced around with her movements . 
 `` i 'm not always taking up for heven , '' cole said wearily . 
 i kind of felt bad for the guy . 
 i mean , he was essentially caught between three women . 
 clearly the guy did n't have a clue to the rules every guy knew about the ladies . 
 rule number one : never let them know you got other ladies . 
 rule number two : if the ladies find out about each other , make them each believe they 're the most important . 
 rule number three : distract them by telling them they 're beautiful . 
 even if it is n't true . 
 `` i know having your car ruined must 've been hard . 
 how about i help you find a new one after school tomorrow ? '' 
 `` you will ? '' 
 she said , forgetting about heven . 
 `` sure . 
 you can get one as stylish as you are . '' 
 `` my bug was stylish , '' she growled . 
 i peaked around the bush again , hoping she 'd dangle him in the air by his toes . 
 he stepped closer to her . 
 `` well , sure . 
 but personally , i always thought you should n't drive a red car because it paled in comparison with your hair . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 maybe he was n't too bad at dealing with the ladies after all . 
 kimber smiled . 
 `` i do have good hair . '' 
 he nodded and i bit back a laugh . 
 that dude was so whipped . 
 something in my backpack shifted and i hoped whatever it was did n't crush the box of ho hos i grabbed for ana . 
 `` about gemma , '' kimber said , bringing up the real topic of the night . 
 cole sighed . 
 `` do n't worry about gemma . 
 we are n't together . '' 
 she crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` but you want to be ? '' 
 `` it does n't matter what i want , '' cole said . 
 `` she does n't want me . '' 
 i could hear the frustration in his voice and i winced . 
 if i could tell he was n't too happy about gemma 's decision , then crazy kimber would pick up on it in seconds . 
 but she surprised me by not calling him out . 
 instead , she wrapped her arms around his waist and pressed herself against him . 
 i thought about getting up then , busting up the moment . 
 i did n't want to watch them make out . 
 `` just proves she does n't deserve you , '' kimber said and then leaned up on tiptoe-i never noticed how short she actually was-and pressed her lips to his . 
 something hot coiled in my stomach as i watched her kiss him and i did n't really know what it meant other than the fact it was time for me to leave and i stood up . 
 cole was n't exactly returning her kiss , but he did n't pull away either . 
 a few long moments passed when he put his hands on her shoulders and pushed her back . 
 `` we 're just friends now , kimber . 
 we are n't getting back together . '' 
 kimber did n't respond . 
 she just walked away from him , back toward the house , and i watched as he wiped her kiss from his mouth . 
 `` we 'll see about that , '' she murmured as she went past me up the steps . 
 cole pulled his truck keys out of his pocket and looked at me . 
 `` you need a ride ? '' 
 it beat walking . 
 my jeep ran out of gas down in hell and i had yet to refill the tank . 
 `` mind if we stop at the gas station so i can get some gas for my jeep ? 
 `` no problem , '' he said and climbed in the truck . 
 when we pulled onto the main road , i looked at him and grinned . 
 `` so you and kimber , huh ? '' 
 i have no idea why i asked . 
 it 's not like i cared . 
 he made a sound . 
 `` no . 
 definitely not . 
 i 'm in love with gemma . '' 
 `` be still my heart , '' i mocked , putting a hand over my chest . 
 `` you 're so lame , dude . '' 
 `` you 're the one that was kissing the one who is n't gemma . '' 
 `` you 've met kimber . 
 if i would 've pushed her away she would 've turned the house upside down . 
 literally . '' 
 `` good luck with that , '' i said , smirking . 
 `` i feel bad for whoever ends up with her for the rest of his life . 
 that dude 's gon na need all the help he can get . '' 
 i grunted . 
 at least he would n't be bored . 
 we pulled into the gas station and i filled up five of their largest gas jugs and loaded them into the back of cole 's truck . 
 then he drove me to the portal and helped me set the jugs in the grass beside the fountain . 
 `` how are you going to get all those through with you ? '' 
 cole wondered . 
 `` i 'll take what i can through now and then come back for the rest . 
 i have a couple marbles in my backpack . '' 
 `` what 's it like being down there all the time ? '' 
 my thoughts went to ana . 
 i pictured her light wheat-colored hair and her vibrant green eyes . 
 i remembered the way she licked the white cream of the snack cake off her finger and smiled in delight . 
 i cleared my throat when i realized he was waiting for an answer . 
 `` hot . '' 
 he did n't ask any more questions , so i said , `` thanks for the ride , man . '' 
 `` i was n't doing anything anyway , '' cole replied . 
 `` hey , cole ? '' 
 i asked and he looked back . 
 `` i 've known gemma a long time . 
 i think she blames herself for callum 's death , '' i said , thinking about the grandfather i never knew . 
 `` getting through her walls is n't going to be easy , but i think you can do it . '' 
 cole seemed surprised i would say something like that , that i would offer something more than a sarcastic comeback . 
 `` thanks , '' he said after a minute . 
 i grinned . 
 `` sure . 
 but if i were you i 'd keep her away from crazy . '' 
 he did n't even ask me who crazy was because he knew exactly who i was talking about . 
 i was still laughing when he drove away . 
 * * * hell was hot . 
 it had n't been a lie when i said it to cole . 
 it was the sneaky kind of heat , a dry heat , the kind you did n't really notice until you were so dehydrated you were dizzy and your clothes were wet with sweat . 
 i managed to get all the gas jugs into hell in two trips . 
 then i went to where i left the jeep and filled up the gas tank . 
 i was n't surprised it was still where i left it and also intact because everyone on beelzebub 's land knew it was mine and they knew i 'd kill them if they messed with it . 
 i was n't sure how many `` people '' i had to kill to instill the correct amount of fear of me , but i stopped counting a long time ago . 
 killing was n't that hard for me . 
 i was n't like sam ; i did n't feel bad about the life i drained away . 
 i did n't think about the people that were left behind . 
 i always thought it was the curse that made me that way . 
 but maybe it was just me . 
 in my opinion , if i did n't kill them , it would only give them the opportunity to kill me later . 
 it was good time management . 
 with the gas tank full , i threw the almost empty jug into the back and got in . 
 i left the rag top up because it was so dusty here and drove to where i left the other cans . 
 when i pulled up there were three hulking demon 's fighting over the jugs sitting out in the open . 
 i ran them all down with the jeep . 
 when i jumped out to get what was mine , one of them peeled themselves off the granite and lunged at me . 
 i flung the can at him , keeping hold of the handle but letting loose some of the liquid . 
 he was doused in seconds and then i pulled a lighter out of my pocket , struck a flame , and lit him on fire . 
 he ran off through the empty landscape of hell , his screams echoing through the ashy air . 
 i ran over a few more demons on my way back to the castle -lrb- what ? 
 that 's what jeeps are for . -rrb- 
 and parked by the drawbridge , which was up . 
 i laid on the horn until it slowly began to lower . 
 i stormed into the castle where jeeves was waiting in the entry hall . 
 `` why was the bridge up ? '' 
 i barked . 
 `` we ... uh ... '' he stuttered , glancing at me . 
 i grabbed a lit torch off the wall and held it to the side of his face i had n't yet burned and he seemed to find his vocabulary . 
 `` we did n't think you were coming back . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i growled . 
 `` because our real master got out . '' 
 i cocked an eyebrow and slowly lowered the raging torch to his skin . 
 it began to melt and drip down toward his chin . 
 he screamed . 
 it did n't bother me . 
 `` who 's the master here ? '' 
 i said dangerously soft . 
 `` you are , '' he wailed and some of his face dripped on my shoe . 
 i dropped the torch onto the floor and walked through the hallway , through the `` sitting '' room and threw open the door to the dungeon . 
 i stomped down the stone stairs and into the dark hole below . 
 the cell where we trapped beelzebub and hecate was at the end and i went there , stopping where the wall of fire should be . 
 it was n't . 
 i looked into the cell , turning so i was sideways and my back was toward the wall . 
 i was n't about to have jeeves come up behind me and push me in because he was upset about his face . 
 i did n't know if this cell was still spelled or not , but i was n't about to find out . 
 the cell was empty . 
 there was no shriveled old witch . 
 there was no twisted soul without a body . 
 so it was true . 
 they were out . 
 i started back down the hallway , skidding to a stop when i saw jeeves standing at the bottom of the stone stairs . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 i snapped , preparing myself for a battle when beelzebub appeared wanting to take back his address . 
 `` i have n't seen him , '' jeeves cowered . 
 i noted the skin on his face was no longer dripping and had settled into a mass of scars . 
 `` are you lying ? '' 
 i growled . 
 `` no ! 
 i swear . 
 i knew he was out ... i heard him ... but he never came upstairs . '' 
 `` you heard him get out and you did n't come to tell me ! '' 
 i demanded . 
 it did n't matter if i was here or not when it happened ; the entire staff in this house knew they were to come find me and keep me informed of everything that went on here . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' jeeves said , following along behind me as i stomped back upstairs . 
 `` he was here . '' 
 `` did that heat scramble your brain ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you already said beelzebub was here and he got out . '' 
 `` no , '' jeeves explained , glancing around and lowering his voice to hushed tones . 
 `` we did n't come for you because he was here . '' 
 was he still talking about beelzebub ? 
 there was a new kind of fear on his face . 
 the kind of fear i knew for a fact i had n't inspired . 
 i was mean , but i did n't make the demons here shake . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` he let them out . 
 it was n't us , '' jeeves said , still looking around the room like the boogeyman was going to pop out and yell , `` boo ! '' 
 `` tell me who ! '' 
 i roared , my patience breaking . 
 jeeves stepped closer to me and whispered . 
 `` the devil . '' 
 heven a strange sound awakened me from a deep sleep and i lay there for long moments , listening , trying to pinpoint what it was . 
 i kept my eyes closed until i was certain there was no one else in the room with me . 
 thud . 
 thud . 
 thud . 
 it was coming from outside the window . 
 it was the same sound i heard before . 
 i pushed back the covers and climbed out of bed , creeping closer to the window . 
 the curtains were drawn and the blinds were closed . 
 very slowly , i pulled back the curtains . 
 thud . 
 thud . 
 thud . 
 it was almost as if something was trying to get in . 
 here 's goes nothing . 
 i told myself and pulled the cord , lifting the blinds , revealing the night . 
 i reached over , unlocked the window , and pushed it up . 
 if something wanted in , i 'd let it . 
 and then burn it to a crisp . 
 i waited a few minutes , ready to leap out of the way , but nothing happened . 
 several moments ticked by and then something hit the side of the house , making me jump . 
 i braced my hands on the windowsill and leaned out , looking to see what was there . 
 off to my right and next to me something black hit the house . 
 it was large and i let out a little squeal , moving to rush back inside . 
 it bounced back , flapping its wide wings and lifting up into the air . 
 it flew unevenly , kind of like a butterfly , but this was no butterfly . 
 i would have thought it was a bat if it was n't so big . 
 it circled around and came back , heading for me once more , and i realized i was still hanging my head out the window like an idiot . 
 i hurried inside and slid the window closed just at the bird-thing hit the glass , vibrating it beneath my hands . 
 it was just a large ball of black . 
 i could make out nothing-no features , no face , nothing . 
 except for the fact that it was creepy . 
 i shuddered and went away from the window to wake sam . 
 maybe he would know what it was . 
 i headed for the stairs , wishing sam would sleep in his room already , but he still refused because to him it was logan 's . 
 halfway down the staircase i could have sworn that something outside howled . 
 a long , lingering kind of sound that echoed through my ears . 
 forget being quiet . 
 i raced the rest of the way over to the couch , stumbling a bit , trying to catch myself but failing and falling right on top of sam . 
 only sam was n't there . 
 the couch was empty . 
 i sat up , pushing away the tangle of blankets and switching on the lamp on the end table . 
 `` sam ? '' 
 i whispered , going into the kitchen , thinking he might be getting a drink . 
 then i wandered into the bathroom , but he was n't there either . 
 taking a chance , i crept back upstairs , pushing open the door to logan 's old room-the room that was now for sam . 
 the air smelled stale and unused and the bed was still perfectly made from the last time gran cleaned . 
 where is he ? 
 i went back downstairs and stood next to the couch , looking down . 
 a pair of shorts still lay by the bed and so was his t-shirt . 
 wherever he was , he was n't dressed . 
 worry began to break through my curiosity and i glanced over at the front door . 
 it was unlocked . 
 maybe he heard that thing outside and went out on his own to see what it was . 
 i resisted the urge to call out through our mindbond . 
 if he was out there with that thing , i would n't want him to get distracted and possibly hurt . 
 i went outside , down the steps , and out into the grass . 
 `` sam ! '' 
 i whisper-called . 
 `` are you out here ? '' 
 a snort and a low growl resonated above my head and i looked up just in time to see the bird thing descending down over me . 
 i threw my arms over my head and ran back toward the house . 
 something claw-like dug into my hair and twisted , pulling my head back and causing me to cry out . 
 i tried to run , but it was holding me and the more i struggled the more my hair became tangled . 
 i grabbed at its foot and tried to untangle myself , but the feel of it made me shudder and pull back . 
 it was all rough and sandpapery . 
 and then it started growling . 
 if i was n't the strong girl i knew i was , i would 've peed myself right there . 
 so , instead of peeing myself , instead of screaming -lrb- okay , maybe i did that ... but only a little -rrb- , i found the flame that always seemed to be lit within me and i used it . 
 it must have lit on fire because it began to make these sounds ... sounds that would keep me from peaceful sleep for a very long time-part wail , part scream , and part screech . 
 it began to flail about wildly . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 i cried , finally reaching up and untangling my hair . 
 i raced up onto the porch , pressing myself against the door as the creature turned flaming ball dropped from the sky and onto the ground . 
 i watched as it burned , making sure the flames did n't spread , until the fire began to die down . 
 heven . 
 sam 's voice startled me , drawing my attention away from the creature . 
 sam ? 
 where are you ? 
 i was so relieved that he was reaching out to me , that he was n't hurt . 
 i 'm near my hometown . 
 shock rippled through me . 
 that was so far away ... what are you doing all the way over there ? 
 what happened ? 
 are you hurt ? 
 no . 
 i need you to come get me . 
 there was something in his voice . 
 something that was n't right . 
 did this have something to do with his reaction when kimber told us about the dead bodies ? 
 it did n't matter . 
 nothing mattered except making sure he was okay . 
 i 'm coming right now . 
 i ran into the house and grabbed my keys , which were thankfully right next to the door , and then back out into the yard . 
 i skidded to a stop just feet away from the creature that attacked me . 
 it was definitely dead . 
 it lay there in a blackened and burned heap , with dark gray tendrils of smoke curling up into the cool night air . 
 i looked above me , making sure there was n't another one lurking and then i left it there and ran for my car . 
 sam escape . 
 it 's the only coherent thought i could form . 
 i wanted to escape from my cage , to let it all go . 
 to run . 
 and so i did . 
 i came to , groggily , lifting my shoulders and torso of the ground , looking around for something i might recognize . 
 nothing here was familiar . 
 the sky was still dark , but the stars were fading and i knew in just a couple hours time twilight would break and night would be in the past . 
 i wished i could leave all this in the past . 
 get up from here , walk home , and never think about it again . 
 but i was once again covered in blood . 
 it was warm this time . 
 sticky and thick . 
 i did n't recognize this place , but it felt vaguely familiar . 
 i was in an empty lot-a large grassy area without any trees . 
 i stood up , doing what i usually did , which was to search for dead bodies . 
 there were n't any . 
 my thoughts went to the things kimber told us about the police finding dead bodies around the county . 
 bodies that were mutilated , gruesome . 
 it scared me . 
 is the hound inside me killing ? 
 am i spiraling out of control ? 
 my thoughts died away when i realized i was in a park . 
 a park i did know . 
 i was n't far from where i grew up . 
 in fact , only blocks away . 
 across the street from the park was a small neighborhood and i darted toward the houses , trying to stay within the darkest areas of the yards . 
 there had always been this one house that hung their laundry out to dry ... there ! 
 i jogged toward the home , which thankfully had clothes on the line . 
 a few more weeks and it would be too cold to dry them this way . 
 i pulled down a pair of grey sweatpants and quickly stepped into them . 
 they were still damp and freezing cold from hanging outside , but i was n't going to complain . 
 at least i was no longer naked . 
 i found a grey t-shirt also and pulled it over my head . 
 it was too small , but it was better than nothing . 
 then i melded back into the shadows of the yard to decide what to do . 
 i do n't know how i ended up this far away . 
 i must have run at a punishing pace to get here . 
 i was tired-exhausted in fact , but that could be from never getting an actual night of sleep . 
 walking home would take forever and when i was n't there in the morning , heven would worry . 
 i wanted to shield her from this . 
 i could n't anymore . 
 heven . 
 i reached out to her mind , wondering if my voice would wake her . 
 sam ? 
 where are you ? 
 i 'm near my hometown . 
 what are you doing all the way over there ? 
 what happened ? 
 are you hurt ? 
 i looked down at the blood on my hands . 
 i was fine . 
 no . 
 i need you to come and get me . 
 i 'm coming right now . 
 i told her where the park was and that i 'd be waiting there near the trees . 
 and then i waited . 
 and waited . 
 i wondered what i would do if i discovered it really was me killing those people . 
 how could i continue to live with heven and gran ? 
 i could n't put them in danger by being there . 
 and then my thoughts turned to where i was . 
 my hometown . 
 my parents were just streets away . 
 did they ever wonder about me ? 
 about logan ? 
 did they ever regret chasing their sons away ? 
 did they deserve to know that one of us was dead ? 
 i 'm here , sam , heven said and suddenly all i could think about wass seeing her . 
 about touching her . 
 everything would be fine once i was with her . 
 she sat in her car , pulled on the side of the road beside the park . 
 the sun was coming up now , but the sky remained gray . 
 maybe it would rain . 
 when i stepped out of the trees and walked toward her she got out of the car and ran toward me . 
 i did n't run , but i did keep my eyes on her . 
 i did feel the steady rhythm of my heart excel at the sight of her . 
 and then she stopped in front of me , looking at the clothes that were n't mine , the smears of dried blood on my arms , and , no doubt , the empty look in my eyes . 
 `` oh , sam , '' she whispered and wrapped herself around me . 
 her skin was warm and she smelled like home . 
 i hugged her too tightly . 
 i crushed her so close she made a small sound , but when i tried to pull away , she tightened her grip and murmured , `` it 's okay , '' into my ear . 
 she often says i 'm the one who saved her-from herself , from china , from beelzebub ... but in truth , she 's the one who saved me . 
 she 's the one who loved a boy that no one else would . 
 she 's the one who gave me her heart even though i did n't deserve it , and she 's the one who made me feel like i was worth something more than nothing . 
 without her i 'd be a man with two halves . 
 it 's her that binds both parts of me together . 
 maybe i had n't realized until that moment just how wholly hers i was , but i did now . 
 it was there with a sparkling clarity that no dust could ever cover . 
 `` thanks for coming , '' i whispered . 
 she pulled back and smiled . 
 `` where you go , i follow . '' 
 but i did n't want her to have to follow me to places that very well could be crime scenes . 
 my crimes . 
 i wanted better for her . 
 `` i think we should talk . '' 
 she nodded , linking our fingers and tugging me toward the car . 
 i knew i would never give her up-i never could-so the only thing i could do was figure out a way to fix this . 
 to stop what was happening . 
 the reclaim control of the beast inside me . 
 but i was n't going to be able to do it alone . 
 i glanced at heven , who squeezed my hand reassuringly before letting go to climb in the driver 's seat , and i knew without a doubt i would n't have to . 
 chapter eleven the vile it seems sending that foolish prince to earth was one of my more brilliant ideas . 
 he stirred things up , created chaos , and took away hope from many . 
 it made my job easier . 
 twisting the souls of people , turning them against god is much more difficult when they are full of hope . 
 but once they have seen god ca n't really protect them here , that my evil and corruption is like the plague , which has no cure , they are much more easily swayed to come to the dark side . 
 after all , if they come willingly , there are many more benefits . 
 like not being chained to the floor of my domain . 
 i looked into the field where the light one sat , just inside the cover of the trees . 
 he was shaken . 
 he doubted himself . 
 he could n't understand why the beast in him was winning out over the carefully cultivated control he has enjoyed his entire life . 
 i took a deep breath , enjoying the stench of disquiet in the breeze . 
 perhaps stomping out that light in him would n't be as difficult as i first believed . 
 perhaps with just a few more nudges in the right direction , he would be eager to join me in my perusal of tipping the balance here on earth in hell 's favor . 
 perhaps with him and the dark one 's help , it would be a much faster pursuit than i thought . 
 i did n't have to find beelzebub and tell him to keep doing what he was doing . 
 the idiot probably did n't even know he had this desired effect on the hound . 
 he was just doing what he always did , acting out of vengeance . 
 not that there was anything wrong with vengeance . 
 except vengeance was a dish best served cold . 
 as in the cold that only a dead body can feel . 
 if he really wanted vengeance , he would have just killed them all by now . 
 instead , he seeks something else , something i was sure had to do with power . 
 it would n't take me long to figure it out . 
 and when i did ... i would serve my vengeance exactly the way it should be . 
 cold . 
 heven he looks shaken up . 
 in all the time sam and i have been together , i 've seen him in just about every possible emotional state a person can go through . 
 i 've seen what he 's like angry , wounded , afraid , and devastated . 
 i 've seen him happy , in love , and carefree . 
 i 've even seen what he looks like in death -lrb- thank you , airis -rrb- . 
 in all the many ways i 've seen sam , i 've never seen him quite like this . 
 i was n't yet sure what it was i saw in him , but i knew it scared me . 
 that and the fact that he had dried blood all over him . 
 i went through a starbuck 's drive-thru after we left the park and ordered some bagels and coffee . 
 sam did n't really like coffee , but i ordered him the sweetest one they had and then asked for whipped cream in hopes he would drink it . 
 well , that and the sugar and caffeine would put some of that golden color back in his skin . 
 once i paid and they handed out our order , i pulled forward into a parking spot for a few minutes to get out the bagels and stir my coffee . 
 i watched sam as he gave his white mocha a try and i waited for a reaction . 
 `` pretty good for coffee , '' sam said , but i barely heard his words because the red around his fingernails was slightly disturbing . 
 i pulled my attention away and smiled . 
 `` i knew you 'd like that one . '' 
 he looked at me with a grave expression on his face . 
 `` are you afraid ? '' 
 a strangled sound ripped from the back of my throat and i set my coffee in the cup holders between us and turned in my seat to look at him . 
 `` no . '' 
 he had turned away , so i said , `` look at me . '' 
 when he did i continued . 
 `` i will never , ever be afraid of you , sam . '' 
 `` even if i 'm a killer ? '' 
 something inside me felt bruised at the fact he thought he was a killer and i would n't love him anyway . 
 `` you could get out of this car right now and kill everyone in the parking lot , sam . 
 when you were done i 'd drive your getaway car . '' 
 he made a face . 
 `` that is seriously disturbing , heven . '' 
 `` the truth disturbs , '' i quipped . 
 he smiled and something inside me whispered he was going to be okay . 
 `` how about this , then . '' 
 i leaned over and touched his cheek . 
 `` there 's nothing you could say to me right now that would ever change the way i feel about you . 
 i loved you yesterday . 
 i love you today and every single tomorrow we get . '' 
 i ran a hand through his messy golden hair and he caught it to bring it to his lips and kiss my palm . 
 when i pulled back i handed him his coffee . 
 `` drink your latte . '' 
 i pulled the car out of the lot and onto the main road . 
 `` tell me what 's going on . '' 
 `` i think i might be the one who 's leaving all those dead bodies the cops are finding . '' 
 the bagel felt like a lump of rock scraping all the way down my throat , and i took a sip of my latte to help it along . 
 after i swallowed i looked at him . 
 `` i do n't believe that . '' 
 `` i 've been shifting unexpectedly , mostly at night , and then i wake up in places i do n't remember being and sometimes i 'm covered in blood . '' 
 sam mentioned he was shifting a lot more lately , but he never said he could n't remember or that he was bloody . 
 `` how long have you been doing this ? '' 
 `` a few days after logan 's funeral . '' 
 `` so that 's probably what it is-stress and grief . 
 a lot 's happened recently . '' 
 `` i thought that too . 
 but a lot of stuff 's been happening for a long time , heven . 
 you died . 
 then someone tried to kill you . 
 then you almost died again . 
 none of that sent me over the edge . '' 
 `` but logan ... '' but i was n't his baby brother . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 i loved logan . 
 more than anyone ... aside from you . '' 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 `` if your death did n't do this to me , then his should n't either . '' 
 `` but i came back . '' 
 `` it is n't logan , hev . '' 
 he said it with absolute certainty . 
 `` i 've been feeling better about him . 
 i talked to gemma . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 i asked , trying to keep my eyes on the road , but it was hard when he kept saying things that made me want to look at him . 
 `` she saw me one night . 
 i 'd shifted again and was running through the woods behind gran 's . 
 she called out and i guess i woke up or whatever . 
 we talked about logan . 
 she told me about heaven . '' 
 `` she told you about heaven ? '' 
 i asked , shocked . 
 gemma barely ever talked about herself at all and her talking about heaven seemed even less likely . 
 he nodded . 
 `` she said she knew logan was happy , that i should n't grieve so hard for someone who 's at peace . '' 
 `` is that why we have n't been to see him every day lately ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i thought it was helping ... it is helping , but i keep doing this . '' 
 he held up his hand , staring down at the red stains . 
 `` you 've never seen a body ? '' 
 `` never and i 've looked . 
 i 've searched . '' 
 he stared out his window with a tight jaw , and i sipped my coffee , trying to think . 
 after a few minutes i said , `` you were n't responsible for those people , sam . '' 
 `` you heard kimber . 
 their bodies were damaged . 
 scratched , bloody , and bruised . '' 
 i would say we should consider the source , that kimber might be making it up , but i had seen the reports too . 
 `` just because some people turn up dead , looking like an animal has attacked them , does n't mean you 're the one who did it . '' 
 `` does n't mean i did n't , either . '' 
 i reached across the seat and grabbed his hand . 
 `` it was n't you . '' 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 and that 's when i knew what it was i saw in him : doubt . 
 he doubted himself . 
 i stopped the car . 
 right there in the middle of the street . 
 `` heven , what are you doing ? '' 
 `` do n't do that , '' i said softly . 
 he just looked at me . 
 `` ever since we 've met , you 've always known exactly who you are . 
 you 've never doubted yourself , or who you were , even when it seemed the universe was trying to make you something else . '' 
 `` okay , let 's say i 'm not the one killing those people . 
 how do we explain this ? '' 
 he held up his bloody hand . 
 `` i 'm sure there 's a perfectly logical explanation . '' 
 he snorted . 
 a driver behind us blared their horn , then sped past shouting something at me as they drove . 
 we both laughed . 
 `` we 're going to be late for school , '' sam said when i started driving again . 
 `` what a shame . '' 
 he picked up the paper bag containing his bagel and went to reach inside . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i said and used one hand to pull some hand sanitizer out of the center console . 
 `` here . '' 
 i thrust it at him and he took it with a grim expression on his face . 
 `` this stuff is n't going to wash away whatever happened . '' 
 `` i know that . 
 but at least you wo n't be eating whatever happened . '' 
 `` i probably already did , '' he muttered as he squirted a bunch of the clear liquid onto his hand . 
 i pretended not to hear him . 
 that was a gross thought . 
 i really hoped it was n't true . 
 sam school already started by the time we got home and i decided i did n't really feel like going anyway . 
 i had a shift at the gym after school and i was so tired i just wanted a shower and some sleep before i went . 
 heven turned off the engine and just sat in the car , looking at the steering wheel for long moments . 
 `` heven ? '' 
 `` i know this is really bad timing , but there 's something i need to show you . '' 
 she got out of the car and instead of going up the steps to the door , she went around toward the front of the house . 
 i followed , not saying anything , just waiting . 
 `` that is if it 's still there , '' she said from ahead , looking over her shoulder through her blond hair . 
 `` if what 's still there ? '' 
 she came to a halt and looked ahead as i came to a stop next to her . 
 `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 there was a large blackened lump lying in the grass . 
 the grass around it was burned and charred as well . 
 i looked at heven for an explanation . 
 `` i heard this sound the other day when i was in my room . 
 i thought a bird had just flown into the window and i did n't think any more about it . 
 but then i heard it again this morning when i was sleeping . '' 
 `` that is not a bird . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i came downstairs to find you , but you were n't there , so i went out in the yard and it sort of attacked me . '' 
 `` heven why did n't you tell me about this sooner ? '' 
 i felt like crap knowing while i was out running around doing who knew what , she was here alone , being attacked by ... by ... well , that . 
 i walked a little closer to it to see if i could tell what it was . 
 `` we were busy . 
 and besides , i killed it . '' 
 `` i see that . '' 
 i nudged it with a stick i found nearby . 
 it did n't move , but some blackened ash fell off in a big chunk . 
 heven came to my side and stared down at it . 
 `` look at its feet , '' she said with a shudder . 
 `` they look like chicken feet , all sharp and spindly . 
 i have no idea how it supported its big body on such thin feet . '' 
 its feet did look like chicken feet . 
 i used the stick to flip out one of its wings and it fell across the grass . 
 `` it looks like a bat , '' i said , noting the black wings with thin veins running through them . 
 they were paper thin but appeared strong in the places that were n't damaged by fire . 
 `` it 's too big to be a bat , '' heven said , `` and it made weird sounds . '' 
 `` what kind of sounds ? '' 
 `` it 's hard to explain . 
 i heard something howling out here too . '' 
 i looked up at her , forgetting the charred chicken-bat at my feet . 
 `` you heard howling and you came outside ? '' 
 `` i was worried about you . '' 
 `` do n't go outside in the middle of the night looking for me again . '' 
 her chin got that stubborn tilt to it , and i shook my head . 
 `` promise me , heven . '' 
 she relented and nodded her head , but i knew if she thought i was out here and in trouble , she would n't keep the promise . 
 i would n't have either . 
 that just meant i had to stop this shifting and running away thing . 
 i needed to be at home where i could watch out for her . 
 the door to the house opened and kimber came out onto the porch . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` i 'm now late for school ! '' 
 we both turned to face her and i guess the dead thing in the yard came into her line of sight because she said , `` ew . 
 what is that ? '' 
 `` it attacked me last night . '' 
 she sighed dramatically . 
 `` i swear , heven , you are a magnet for weird crap . '' 
 heven smiled . 
 `` why are n't you at school ? '' 
 `` ummm , hell-o ? 
 someone toasted my car . '' 
 she looked at heven expectantly . 
 `` oh ! 
 i forgot . 
 sorry . 
 let me get dressed and we can drive in together . '' 
 heven smiled at me before rushing into the house . 
 `` hurry up ! '' 
 kimber called after her . 
 then she looked back at me . 
 `` are you ready for my party ? '' 
 she had this look in her eyes like she was up to something . 
 `` sure , '' i replied warily , while i wondered how i could get out of it . 
 `` i decided to make it a combined halloween and birthday party for heven . '' 
 guess that meant i was n't getting out of it . 
 `` does heven know that ? '' 
 `` i just thought of it , '' she replied , like that explained everything . 
 i was n't about to argue with her . 
 she might turn me into a frog . 
 `` i 'm sure it 'll be awesome , '' i said , going past her up the stairs . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 she said , wrinkling her nose , like she just now noticed my appearance . 
 `` do n't ask , '' i replied . 
 `` is it always like this here ? '' 
 she wondered out loud , staring at the blackened lump in the yard . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i grinned . 
 she went off into the kitchen and started talking to gran and i went upstairs . 
 heven was in her room , pulling on a pair of jeans with rips in them and a long-sleeve pink sweater . 
 i watched as she released her braid and combed through the blond strands , which were now hanging around her face in waves . 
 she turned and saw me and smiled . 
 `` i would stay , but kimber might have a cow . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'm just going to shower . '' 
 `` get some sleep , '' she said , grabbing her bag and stopping in front of me . 
 `` use my bed , not the couch . 
 i do n't like you sleeping down there . '' 
 `` i miss sleeping in here with you , '' i said , pulling at a strand of her hair . 
 `` me too . '' 
 she leaned into me . 
 she smelled good . 
 `` heven ! '' 
 kimber yelled from somewhere downstairs . 
 heven sighed . 
 `` i 'll see you later ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 when she was gone , i went into logan 's room-my room-to get some clothes before i showered . 
 i stood there for a long time just staring at the bed and the candy wrapper still sticking out of the drawer in the night stand . 
 gran walked by the room and saw me . 
 she stopped and i saw her take in my appearance . 
 `` is everything okay , sam ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 she smiled and came into the room . 
 `` sam , do n't you think it 's time you stopped calling me ma'am ? 
 you can call me gran like everyone else . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i know it 's unusual to allow my granddaughter 's boyfriend to live here with us , but we live an unusual life . '' 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 i replied and smiled . 
 `` this is your home , sam . 
 you 'll always be welcome here . '' 
 her words meant more to me than she 'd probably ever know . 
 my own parents did n't want me around after they found out about the hellhound . 
 they acted ashamed and afraid of me . 
 a real home was something i had n't had for years now , something i did n't really know i would have again until i met heven . 
 when i did n't say anything else , she went to leave the room but stopped and turned back . 
 `` you know , i do n't think logan would mind sharing his room with you . '' 
 my mouth titled up . 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` in fact , being in here might make you feel closer to him . '' 
 she disappeared around the corner and i stood there for a moment longer staring at the bed . 
 maybe she was right . 
 maybe i needed to stop thinking about this as logan 's room but as mine instead . 
 chapter twelve heven i used to love driving to school with kimber . 
 sometimes we 'd turn the radio up loud and sing along with our favorite songs . 
 others i would hold a fashion magazine in my lap and we 'd decide if the upcoming trends were hits or misses . 
 we always had a good time . 
 it was n't anything deep or profound , but it was fun . 
 two best friends enjoying life and being girls . 
 and then everything changed . 
 i got scarred . 
 i got scared . 
 kimber 's jealousy of me seemed to take on a life of its own and then everything spiraled out of control . 
 i do n't know where my best friend went or where i could find her again . 
 sometimes i wondered if she even existed anymore under the expensive clothes and styled hair . 
 kimber had changed . 
 so had i. . . 
 yet i still felt like i was me . 
 kimber felt irrevocably different since she came back from hell . 
 yes , she was still obsessed with her hair and shoes , but she was more reserved and sometimes i wondered what exactly went on inside her head . 
 our drive today was fairly quiet . 
 she was doing something on her iphone and just stared out the window , watching the scenery go by . 
 we were almost to school when she said , `` so i 'm telling the girls the party at my place on halloween is also a belated birthday party for you . '' 
 i glanced away from the road to look at her . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because it 's your birthday . '' 
 `` i do n't really want to celebrate this year . '' 
 and i was n't sure which day i wanted to use as my birthday-the actual day or the one i 've been celebrating my entire life . 
 she made a sound in her throat . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you finally can go to one of my halloween parties and you do n't want to ? '' 
 the way she said it made me wonder if she was only making it partly for me so i would come . 
 `` i 'm surprised you want me there . '' 
 `` cole will want to see his sister on her birthday . '' 
 `` so this is about cole ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 `` i do n't want to forget it , '' i said as i pulled into the back of the parking lot . 
 she grabbed up her bag off the floor , but i grabbed her arm . 
 `` everyone thinks we 're still friends , '' she said in a rush . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so i ca n't not celebrate my bff 's birthday . '' 
 `` so you 're only doing this for appearances . '' 
 she did n't say anything and looked away . 
 `` okay , i 'll come . '' 
 i released her arm and climbed out of the car . 
 when i straightened , she was watching from the rear end . 
 `` so are we ? '' 
 she asked , her voice not holding any of her usual kimber flair . 
 `` are we what ? '' 
 `` friends . '' 
 `` i thought you hated me now because of everything that happened with cole . '' 
 `` i thought you hated me because i took the scroll from you . '' 
 then she rolled her eyes . 
 `` i agreed to move in with you . 
 i would n't have done that if i hated you . '' 
 `` well , i asked you to move in . '' 
 `` yeah , to keep me away from cole . '' 
 `` i just want him to be happy . '' 
 and that is n't with you . 
 `` so do i , '' she countered and we stood there staring at each other , the banter between frenemies over . 
 then we both started laughing . 
 `` you 're such a bitch sometimes . '' 
 `` you 're no picnic either , '' i responded as we began walking into the school . 
 `` you 're too skinny . 
 you make me look fat . '' 
 `` oh , please . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 we walked into the front office and the receptionist looked up . 
 `` girls , do you have a tardy slip ? '' 
 kimber sighed a pathetic sigh . 
 `` oh , mrs. schuster , it was horrible , '' she began , dropping her bag on the floor and leaning on the counter . 
 `` we could have been killed ! '' 
 `` oh my ! 
 what happened ? 
 tell me all about it , '' she cooed and patted kimber on the shoulder . 
 i had no idea what kimber was pulling , but i did my best to look pathetic , too . 
 i might be use to battling a witch and evil prince from hell , but my chemistry teacher was scary and i need a note . 
 `` i stayed up late studying last night for my history test this morning and then got up extra early so i could be here on time , '' she said and then whimpered . 
 i knew she was lying and even i felt bad for her . 
 `` and then on my way to school , my car caught on fire ! '' 
 she ended dramatically and dropped her forehead onto the countertop . 
 she got the desired reaction . 
 i suppressed the urge to laugh . 
 kimber never stayed up late studying . 
 in fact , she probably did n't even know her history teacher 's name . 
 `` goodness ! 
 that is horrible . 
 you could have been seriously injured ! 
 what did you do ? '' 
 `` i pulled to the side of the road . 
 the flames were so close to me i could feel the heat ! 
 but before i got out of my pretty red car i made sure to grab all my books . 
 and then i stood on the side of the road while my entire engine burned ! '' 
 `` oh , what you 've been through , '' the receptionist cooed and then looked at me . 
 of course kimber saw . 
 i was beginning to think she had eyes in the back of her head . 
 `` my parents are out of town , again . 
 and so i called heven . 
 she came and waited with me while the fire department came and put out my car . 
 it 's ruined ! '' 
 `` there now . '' 
 mrs. schuster patted her on the back and then reached for her pen and scribbled off two excuses , handing one to kimber and one to me . 
 `` here , '' she said . 
 `` after everything you girls have been through , i think you deserve an excused tardy . '' 
 kimber smiled brilliantly , her eyes still watery . 
 i swear she should be an actress . 
 only kimber could turn the fact that i torched her car into something that would benefit her . 
 `` oh , thank you , '' she wailed and threw her arms around the blond woman who smiled . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 now get to class . '' 
 out in the hallway , i looked at kimber . 
 `` thanks for the note . '' 
 she grinned . 
 at the end of the hallway , she stopped walking and looked at me . 
 `` truce ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` truce . '' 
 we parted ways , me going to chemistry and her going to history , and as i walked i thought maybe even after everything , kimber and i might still be friends . 
 * * * before walking into class i took a deep breath and braced myself . 
 yes , i had a note , but mrs. engles would probably still torture me for being late . 
 i was late once before and my punishment was to stand at the front of the room , beaker in hand , and try to mix the longest , most complicated element equation problem known to man . 
 it ended with me dumping the wrong thing into the wrong bottle and a volcano of blue foam erupting all over the table and oozing down onto the teacher 's shoe . 
 i still had nightmares about that foam . 
 i reminded myself that my chemistry teacher was n't the worst of my problems and pulled open the door and walked inside . 
 the buzz of voices and laughter caught me off guard because usually the room was quiet as a tomb . 
 when people noted someone entered the room , a hush fell over the group and everyone looked up from their desks , staring at me . 
 i waited to hear the teacher call out my name . 
 heven ! 
 what 's your excuse this time ? 
 except she did n't say a word . 
 i did a double take at her desk that was perched at the front of the room like a throne overseeing its court and saw she was n't there . 
 odd . 
 she always sat at her desk . 
 i looked around the room , searching for her disapproving stare but still coming up empty . 
 `` she is n't here , '' someone in the front row said . 
 `` we do n't have a teacher today ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the kid shrugged and turned back to his lab partner to continue his conversation . 
 i debated on leaving the tardy slip on mrs. engles 's desk , but i decided against it . 
 why tell her i was late at all if i did n't have to ? 
 i shoved the slip into my bag as i took my seat at the table in the center of the room . 
 `` is there a substitute ? '' 
 i asked alexis , my partner at the table . 
 `` have n't seen one . 
 we 've been sitting in here alone all period . '' 
 just then the door to the room flung open and mrs. engles walked in . 
 she was dressed as she usually was , in a black pencil skirt and a blouse , but her clothes did n't look as neat as usual . 
 her blouse was half untucked , her skirt was wrinkled , and her shoes did n't match -lrb- i 'm sorry , but brown shoes do not go with a black skirt -rrb- . 
 her dark hair , which was usually pulled into a sleek bun , had strands falling around her face and neck . 
 she did n't address the class as she walked to her desk , briefcase in hand , dropping it on the floor by her chair . 
 but she did stumble in the heels that she wore and i swear i heard her utter a cuss word under her breath . 
 alexis looked at me and widened her eyes . 
 i shrugged . 
 everyone had fallen quiet because 1 -rrb- if you talked in her class you got detention and 2 -rrb- she was acting weird . 
 to further her weirdness , she shuffled around the neatly stacked papers on the desk , picking up a few here and there to skim over them . 
 then she dropped the one in her hand and i watched it flutter back down to land on the new mess . 
 `` as you can see , i 'm running late today , '' she began , stepping to the first lab table and picking up a clear glass beaker to examine . 
 as she finished her sentence , she set it back down . 
 `` so today will have to be a free period . '' 
 everyone just stared at her . 
 she patted her hair . 
 `` well , you would think when a teacher announces you can do nothing there would be some kind of celebration . '' 
 again , no one said anything . 
 in fact , you could have heard a pin drop in that room . 
 she scowled . 
 `` would you rather i assign a ten-page paper ? '' 
 someone from the back row raised their hand . 
 she motioned for them to speak . 
 `` we do n't write papers in chemistry . '' 
 a few people snickered . 
 again , alexis looked at me , but this time she mouthed , `` o-m-g . '' 
 mrs. engles did n't seem too pleased to be laughed at and opened her mouth to no doubt unleash a wicked assignment on us , but then the bell rang signaling the end of class . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief and hurried to grab my stuff and go . 
 `` heven ! '' 
 mrs. engles snapped just before i could clear the door . 
 i felt my shoulders slump when i turned back . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i want to see you in this room after school . '' 
 crap . 
 she somehow knew i was late and tried to hide it from her . 
 the office probably told her when she arrived . 
 i ought to stop by the office and thank mrs. schuster for blabbing . 
 `` yes , mrs. engles , '' i said and escaped into the hallway . 
 the way this day was going , she was sure to assign me that ten-page paper and make it due tomorrow . 
 * * * when the final bell of the day rang , i trudged toward the chemistry room , thinking of excuses the whole way to get me out of a ten-page paper . 
 i even briefly considered telling her that the last time i was given a paper i had to stay up late for i got attacked , landed in the hospital , and ended up with scars and nerve damage on my face . 
 i was n't kimber , though , and that just seemed really dramatic . 
 mrs. engles was at the back of the room when i came in . 
 she was doing something in the storage closet , muttering under her breath . 
 i cleared my throat and she spun around . 
 more of her hair had fallen from her bun and she had a coffee stain on her white blouse . 
 `` you wanted to see me ? '' 
 i asked , the tardy excuse clutched in my fist . 
 she smiled . 
 it was n't really that friendly . 
 `` i need a student to help me with an experiment we 're going to try in class tomorrow . '' 
 so this was n't about me being late to class ? 
 `` well , i actually have somewhere i 'm supposed to be . '' 
 i lied . 
 she came forward , her heels pounding against the tile floor . 
 it 's like she does n't even know how to walk . 
 and she snatched the note out of my hand . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 she scanned the paper , looked up at me , and smiled . 
 `` you were late to my class this morning ? '' 
 so were you ! 
 i wanted to argue , but i did n't think it would get me anywhere . 
 `` you have a choice . 
 help me now or write that paper tonight . '' 
 like that was even a choice . 
 `` what do you want me to do ? '' 
 i said , dropping my bag onto the floor . 
 she smiled and gestured to the front lab table . 
 why anyone would be so excited about science is beyond me . 
 `` i have laid out a variation of substances all containing different elements that will react with one another in different ways , '' she began and a little piece of my brain died . 
 of boredom . 
 `` let 's start with this one . '' 
 she thrust a beaker filled with what looked like water into my hand . 
 `` pour that into this one here . '' 
 she pushed another glass bottle toward me , this one with a whitish substance in it . 
 i did what she asked and poured the liquids together . 
 they mixed and turned orange . 
 the teacher seemed pleased and wrote something on a pad of paper on her desk . 
 `` now these , '' she said , pushing two more beakers at me . 
 i did and this time the liquids fizzed and turned green . 
 the teacher wrote something else in her notes . 
 `` next , '' she said and gave me yet more things to combine . 
 i was beginning to wonder if the paper would have been a better option . 
 i poured them together , waiting for the colors to change , but this time something else happened . 
 when the liquids combined , they seemed to mix , expand , and turn to a cloudy fog . 
 it began to move upward , filling up the entire beaker until it began spilling over the rim . 
 instead of sliding down and dripping on the table , the fog spread out into the air . 
 and then it began to glow . 
 the thick fog turned a neon green , forming a cloud that hung low over the entire table . 
 i stepped back and looked at the teacher . 
 she was watching the creation with a weird smile on her face . 
 `` was that supposed to happen ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she looked at me and something dark slithered behind her eyes . 
 `` of course . '' 
 the green cloud began to move , creeping farther into the classroom and skulking toward me . 
 call me crazy , but i did n't really think letting some glowing crap that erupted from a jar touch me was a good idea . 
 i stumbled backward , tripping over my bag and reaching out to catch myself on the corner of mrs. engles 's desk . 
 only i did n't catch myself . 
 i fell backward onto the floor with her notepad landing in my lap . 
 i looked down and her notes jumped right off the page at me . 
 i 'm out . 
 i 'm watching . 
 who will be next ? 
 i gasped and leapt to my feet . 
 but the green fog was above me , so i ended up crouching , trying to stay out of its path . 
 i tossed the notepad aside and gripped my bag . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i said to my teacher , thinking i already knew . 
 `` whatever do you mean , heven ? 
 is everything all right ? '' 
 her voice sounded completely normal , but the fog wrapped around her head until she was a faceless person standing there before me . 
 an electric green tendril of fog seemed to break away from the massive cloud and slither toward me . 
 i scrambled for the door , crab-walking backward until i fell out into the hallway . 
 the tendril stopped in the doorway , almost like it was staring at me , waiting for the order to attack . 
 `` heven ? '' 
 mrs. engles called from inside the classroom . 
 `` come back , dear . 
 we have experiments to finish . 
 what . 
 ever . 
 i jumped to my feet and ran down the hall , ignoring the calls of my teacher the entire way . 
 heven sleep was elusive . 
 the more tightly i closed my eyes and wished for it , the harder it was to attain . 
 finally my eyes flew open and i rolled onto my back to stare up at the ceiling . 
 how was i supposed to sleep knowing beelzebub was out there ? 
 and i just could n't shake the feeling he was closer than we knew . 
 it was almost like i could feel him lurking . 
 he 's in hell , i told myself . 
 there was no reason to worry tonight . 
 i did n't even have to worry anymore about him prying his way into my dreams . 
 he could n't . 
 right after logan 's funeral when sam came to stay here , he did n't feel right about sneaking into my room every night , but before he could start sleeping on the couch he had to break those threads so i 'd be able to sleep without him next to me , keeping the dream walker at bay . 
 so he 'd gone into my mind using our mindbond and broke every last thread beelzebub left behind . 
 it was a relief knowing i could sleep without fear , but it turned out actually falling asleep was a lot harder than it should be . 
 i missed sam . 
 i missed the heat of his body , the feel of his skin . 
 i even missed him hogging the covers . 
 and now it was even worse because i wondered if he was going to stay in the house all night or if he was going to shift and run off into the night with no memory of what he was doing . 
 the door to my room opened a bit and a figure slipped into the room . 
 i watched as sam crept closer to the bed , not making a sound as he moved . 
 sam ? 
 he paused in his path and looked at me . 
 you ca n't sleep , either ? 
 no . 
 i tried sleeping in lo-my room tonight . 
 he said . 
 did n't go so well ? 
 how am i supposed to sleep when you 're only one wall away ? 
 i smiled and lifted up the covers , inviting him in . 
 he glanced at the door . 
 i really should n't . 
 just for a few minutes ? 
 i asked . 
 he debated for another few seconds and then slid into the bed beside me . 
 he was like the missing piece to my puzzle and i fit against him perfectly and sighed , laying my head against his shoulder . 
 i missed this . 
 me too . 
 so tell me what you 're still doing awake . 
 just knowing he 's out , wondering what he 'll do next . 
 sam tightened his arm around me . 
 soon as those souls are free , he wo n't be able to hurt us anymore . 
 do you really think it will weaken him that much ? 
 maybe . 
 maybe not . 
 but even if it does n't , i think he 'll be too busy trying to rebuild the graveyard to care about us . 
 i hoped he was right . 
 was it hard being in logan 's old room ? 
 it was n't as hard as i thought it would be . 
 then why ca n't you sleep ? 
 ca n't help but wonder where i 'll be when i wake up . 
 i 've been thinking about that . 
 i think i might know how we can find out what you 've been doing when you shift . 
 how ? 
 i 'll mind-rob you . 
 he stilled and i knew he was considering it . 
 i do n't think it will work , he said after a few moments . 
 why not ? 
 because you ca n't see something i do n't remember . 
 but the hound will remember . 
 i 'll see what he sees . 
 `` no , '' he spoke out loud , his voice flat . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` because if i really am killing people that is n't an image of me i want burned in your brain . '' 
 `` you were n't killing people , sam . '' 
 `` we do n't know that . '' 
 `` we will if you let me do this . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` you really believe i 'm not the one killing those people ? '' 
 i lifted my head and folded my arm over his chest , resting my chin on my arm , and looked at him through the dark . 
 `` i really do n't believe it 's you . '' 
 he reached up and combed his hands through my hair . 
 finally he spoke , but it was into my mind . 
 okay . 
 i smiled . 
 it 's going to be just fine . 
 you 'll see . 
 he did n't look convinced , but that was okay because i was convinced enough for both of us . 
 i was already touching him , my full body almost in contact with his . 
 all i had to do was ask him a question , concentrate , and be pulled into his mind , into his memories . 
 before he could change his mind , i did it . 
 i asked him what he does when he shifts in the middle of the night . 
 then i closed my eyes and waited to be shown the answer . 
 * * * i could n't see anything-sam could n't see anything , but i knew he was running . 
 he was moving so fast i could feel the wind pulling at the dense fur covering his body . 
 what a rush . 
 is this what it felt like to be in his other form ? 
 i really wished i could see what he was seeing . 
 i tried to push aside the feeling of exhilaration and freedom of the run and really focus on sam and what he was thinking , feeling , and seeing . 
 i needed to completely slip into his memory and not cloud it with my own thoughts . 
 he needed this . 
 we both did . 
 the ground did n't feel hard underfoot like it did when i ran . 
 it felt as though i was running on a mattress , on a padded surface . 
 my body did n't seem to jolt as much with every pounding step . 
 instead , my feet seemed to absorb the steps i took and because of that i was able to go over the ground in leaps and bounds . 
 my body felt strangely unhinged and loose . 
 there was more freedom of movement as an animal ; my body more readily moved with precision . 
 hunt . 
 attack . 
 destroy . 
 those were the thoughts that began to pound through my mind-sam 's mind . 
 as i became more accustomed to this body i was able to focus more on what was going on inside his head . 
 he blinked and it seemed that whatever veil had been keeping me from seeing what he did was lifted . 
 it was dark and we were somewhere near the farm . 
 sam recognized the scent of his surroundings . 
 his run slowed to a jog and he started looking , searching for something he seemed to sense . 
 why ca n't i tell what that is ? 
 it was as if his brain did n't function that way . 
 it did n't focus on what he thought he was seeking out . 
 he only felt there was something wrong , something that needed him here . 
 he acted purely on instinct as he made his way through the carpet of fallen leaves , not making any rustling sounds or stumbling over any of the uneven ground . 
 the forest was so still in the afterhours of the day that i had no idea what he could possibly think was out here . 
 he sensed something and jerked up his head . 
 i could feel his ears jerk upward so he could hear better . 
 i heard it too ... it was a faint sound , the sound of air moving , of someone approaching . 
 but it was n't a someone ; it was a something . 
 a deep snarl ripped out of sam 's throat and all the muscles in his body bunched and squeezed as he leapt up into the air . 
 a sharp pain stung his back and he let out a growl , twisting away from the pain and dropping back down onto the ground . 
 he landed on all fours and then burst forward with an intense amount of motion as he began to attack whatever was there . 
 i could n't see what it was . 
 i could see nothing at all . 
 it was as if he were blind and only had use of the other four senses . 
 it was entirely frustrating . 
 it was also terrifying . 
 the sounds that ripped from his throat were sounds i 'd only heard on tv shows that i thought were made up . 
 the fragments of thoughts he did have were only of destruction . 
 i felt the gnash of teeth against bone . 
 i felt soft flesh give way to meat , and i felt the aggressive way he brought down his opponent . 
 there was no hint of remorse here , no thought of backing down ... to the hellhound side of sam , it was kill or be killed . 
 and then all fell quiet . 
 all i could hear was the thumping of his heart against ribs . 
 his limbs were tired , but they were still strong and i thought maybe he would shift then , that everything would switch over and i would see sam lying on the ground covered in blood . 
 but that did n't happen . 
 the hound did n't seem to be finished hunting . 
 this time he did n't run . 
 he walked . 
 i could feel something in his mouth . 
 he was pulling something along . 
 i prayed it was n't a body . 
 i was reminded of the time when i still cheered and the girls woke me up in the middle of the night and tied a blindfold over my eyes . 
 they led me to a car and drove me across town where we then walked outside down toward the lake . 
 it was disorienting then because i was walking , taking twists and turns , hearing sounds and feeling sensations , but i had no way of knowing if what i was experiencing was true . 
 i had to trust my friends to guide me . 
 what about this hellhound ? 
 did i trust it to guide me ? 
 now that the fight was over , he seemed to be less intent on the hunt . 
 he did n't seem to want to hurt everything that stepped into his path . 
 i counted this as a good sign . 
 as proof that sam was n't doing the things he thought . 
 sam stopped walking . 
 he still had his jaws clamped hard around something and he tipped his nose up and sniffed the air . 
 the sound of water was in the background and then he started moving forward . 
 his front paws sank into wet mud and water lapped around them . 
 panic seized me . 
 i did n't like water . 
 but sam did . 
 he felt no fear at all about wading farther out into the depths . 
 i could n't see where he was . 
 i could n't see the kind of water he waded into . 
 it could be dark . 
 it could be deep . 
 it could be deadly . 
 and then he pushed himself away from the edge and water wrapped itself around him . 
 it saturated the fur covering is body and added weight to his already bulky frame . 
 he still did n't panic , even towing whatever it was he 'd carried through the forest . 
 and then he dove beneath the water 's surface . 
 i was going to drown . 
 i could n't breathe ... someone grabbed ahold of me and yanked . 
 i fought against them . 
 sam ! 
 `` heven ! '' 
 an urgent whisper cut through my panic and i gasped , opening my eyes and seeing him inches from my face . 
 `` sam . '' 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 he gripped my arms tighter , giving me a little shake . 
 `` nothing . 
 i-you went into the water ... '' a low curse cut through the space between us and he pulled me closer , whispering apologizes into my ear . 
 `` we never should 've done that . '' 
 i pulled back to look at him again . 
 `` it feels a lot different to be in an animal 's form . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` did it scare you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it was just intense . '' 
 his face grew bleak . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 i could n't see anything . '' 
 this seemed to surprise him . 
 `` nothing ? '' 
 `` for a few minutes i saw the woods . 
 but then whatever came ... after that it was all dark . '' 
 `` what came ? '' 
 he demanded , his fists bunching the sheets between us . 
 `` i could n't see that either . 
 but you-the hellhound-wanted to kill it . 
 it 's all you could think about . '' 
 he looked horrified . 
 `` did i ? '' 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` and you felt it all , '' he murmured to himself as he withdrew from me just a little . 
 i pushed myself closer . 
 `` i was n't scared . 
 once it was dead , your mind seemed to be more relaxed . '' 
 `` the hellhound in me is n't vicious . 
 whenever i shift , i do n't always want to kill , '' he explained . 
 i wondered if he worried i would think less of him now . 
 `` i know that , '' i said , bringing my hand up to his cheek . 
 even still , i was in awe at how he balanced and controlled that part of him . 
 i could see how it could easily overcome him . 
 `` what about the water ? '' 
 `` i think you were , uh ... '' `` dumping the body ? '' 
 he finished for me . 
 `` we do n't know it was a body . '' 
 `` it was something the hound wanted dead . 
 it 's not a far leap . '' 
 `` i did n't hear any yelling or calling out . 
 there were no signs of a human there . '' 
 `` is that all you saw ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm sorry it was n't more . '' 
 `` it 's not your fault , babe . '' 
 i still wished i could have done more . 
 i pulled him back down beneath the covers with me and he stared up at the ceiling . 
 `` stay in here , just for tonight . '' 
 he turned his head to look at me . 
 `` i 'll watch over you . 
 you can sleep . 
 if you try to get up , i 'll wake you . '' 
 he kissed me . 
 long . 
 slow . 
 deep . 
 i tucked my arms around him and stroked the hair above his ear until finally he slept . 
 it just seemed impossible to me that the person lying here against me was anything other than good , that he would kill because he could . 
 what exactly had he been doing that night in the woods ? 
 i searched my mind for an answer . 
 i went over everything i felt in his memory with a fine-tooth comb . 
 but the truth of it was ... i just did n't know . 
 chapter thirteen riley he was n't here . 
 i searched every inch of this castle -lrb- it took forever -rrb- . 
 i searched every nook and cranny in this place . 
 i found some bodies . 
 i found some bones . 
 i even found a couple demons trapped in jars . 
 but i did not find beelzebub . 
 where could he have possibly gone after being set free . 
 i would 've bet everything i had , which admittedly is n't much , that the first thing he would 've done was come after me for taking over his humble abode . 
 unless he was somewhere lurking , waiting for the perfect time to strike . 
 maybe he was off gathering the other princes to storm the place together . 
 no . 
 from what i learned here , the other princes barely got involved with one another unless they had to . 
 and none of them seemed to like beelzebub so i doubt they 'd bend over backward to help him out in any way . 
 except of course for leviathan . 
 he had a slight grudge against me . 
 `` jeeves ! '' 
 i bellowed . 
 he appeared within seconds . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i 'm going out . 
 i 'll be back later . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i want you to do something while i 'm gone . '' 
 `` what is it , sir ? '' 
 `` find out where beelzebub is . 
 find out what he 's doing . '' 
 he got that look on his face and i knew he was thinking about the devil . 
 i admit the dude was intimidating , being the ultimate evil ruler and all . 
 but i was n't about to admit to thinking that . 
 instead , i sighed heavily . 
 `` jeeves , '' i began . 
 `` the devil might have been here , but he 's gone . 
 i 've been through every inch of this place . '' 
 jeeves nodded enthusiastically . 
 `` so get over it ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` when i get back i want answers ! '' 
 he ran off into the darkness of the castle and i headed for my jeep . 
 i had a prince to visit . 
 it did n't take as long as it did last time to get to leviathan 's land . 
 traveling by jeep instead of dragon was definitely preferable . 
 i knew the moment i drove onto his land because the jeep was immediately surrounded by large black crows with red eyes . 
 the crows followed along with the route i drove and when i stopped beside the large gray castle , they landed on the hood and sat motionless , staring at me through the windshield with beady , blood-colored eyes . 
 `` please , '' i groaned and got out of the jeep . 
 `` does he think a pack of birds is going to scare me away ? 
 next time i want roasted protein i 'll be sure to come a hunting . '' 
 the birds did n't say anything to that and i walked over his drawbridge , which was wider and thicker than mine , toward the giant double doors . 
 before i got to them , they opened with a whoosh , blowing my hair and shirt back . 
 leviathan stepped out . 
 he looked the same-ponytail , goatee , ugly scowl . 
 `` you must have a death wish , '' he said . 
 `` coming back onto my land . '' 
 `` i see you got the place cleaned up , '' i quipped . 
 `` congrats . '' 
 `` seize him ! '' 
 leviathan ordered and the birds morphed into men . 
 well , demons to be exact . 
 they all had very long , dark-colored dreadlocks with leaves and dirt adorning them . 
 they were also naked and had deformed hands . 
 there were five of them . 
 i could have taken them . 
 had they not all jumped me at once . 
 i managed to wrestle myself to my feet , with one holding back both my arms and legs , and the fifth one standing closer by , ready to do whatever it was that these things did . 
 `` you should have yelled , ` off with his head ! ' '' 
 i told leviathan . 
 `` it would 've been much more dramatic . '' 
 `` your head is n't the only thing that 's coming off , '' he replied . 
 finally he made a good come back . 
 the birds with dreads started to wrestle me away , so i called out , `` i came to tell you he 's out . '' 
 `` stop ! '' 
 leviathan said , and the men turned back to face their prince . 
 `` beelzebub is out ? '' 
 `` yep , checked his cage myself . '' 
 he stroked his chin . 
 `` i 'm surprised you still walk . '' 
 `` i have n't seen him . 
 i thought maybe you might have . '' 
 he studied me closely , trying to decide if i was lying . 
 i guess i passed his test because he answered . 
 yay for me . 
 `` no , i have n't . '' 
 `` have you heard anything about where he might be ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i even included the birdmen in my question . 
 `` why would i tell you even if i had ? '' 
 he asked , narrowing his eyes . 
 i shrugged off the demons and stood upright in the center of their circle . 
 `` you might be interested to know who let him out . '' 
 `` i might . '' 
 `` the way i see it , this is an exchange . 
 you tell me your information and i tell you mine . 
 then i 'll drive off your land and not come back . '' 
 `` who says i 'm letting you leave ? '' 
 `` i do . 
 because you 'll want to see what he does to me for taking over his castle . '' 
 leviathan grinned . 
 `` true . '' 
 he studied me once more . 
 `` all right , then , i know nothing . 
 i did n't even know he was out until now . '' 
 `` he has n't come here looking for help with his battle with me ? '' 
 `` no , but if he does i will gladly accept . '' 
 `` big surprise there , '' i said . 
 `` now tell me who set him free . '' 
 `` the big man himself , '' i answered . 
 `` the devil . '' 
 `` lucifer ? '' 
 he said , straightening a little and glancing at the demons at my side . 
 an uneasy stir went through them all . 
 i nodded . 
 `` where is he now ? '' 
 `` have n't seen him . 
 according to my staff at the castle , lucifer set beelzebub free and then they both disappeared . '' 
 `` leave now , '' leviathan ordered . 
 `` what , no refreshments ? '' 
 i called out . 
 leviathan turned back in the center of his wide doorway . 
 `` if lucifer has seen fit to become involved in whatever battle you have with beelzebub , i want no part in it . '' 
 my respect for lucifer went up a notch in that moment . 
 that guy knew how to instill some fear . 
 `` leave , '' he ordered again . 
 this trip was pretty much a bust , so i headed back to the jeep . 
 `` oh , and renegade , '' he called . 
 `` allow me to repay the mess you left the last time you were here . '' 
 there was no warning . 
 i was once again surrounded by the demons who grabbed me by the arms and legs and then the fifth one made a solid roundhouse kick to my lower back . 
 i heard it crack as my knees buckled and i fell onto the ground . 
 i groaned . 
 the pain was so sharp i could barely draw a breath . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i wheezed . 
 `` the same spot ? '' 
 they all went inside and i lay there writhing in pain as the drawbridge was drawn up , blocking the door . 
 well , shit . 
 i army-crawled to the jeep and managed to pull myself in . 
 how did one drive with a broken back ? 
 not well . 
 not well at all . 
 in fact , i hit a lot of demons , ran through a house , and nearly went over a small cliff . 
 all of it by accident this time . 
 every jolt , bump , and demon i flattened made me call out in pain . 
 finally , i came to a stop at the side of the wide expanse of black sludge . 
 i did n't think i was going to be able to swim across to the dragon 's lair . 
 i did n't have a choice . 
 i opened the door and fell out of the jeep onto the ground and then rolled myself into the water . 
 it was thick , dark , and pulled at me like a greedy , hungry man . 
 demons came at me and i fought them off . 
 i wanted to shift , but the pain was so intense i was afraid it would break me more . 
 my vision began to darken and blur . 
 my head dipped under the water more and more until i could n't lift it above any longer . 
 i was n't afraid of drowning . 
 hellhounds could n't drown . 
 but i did start to feel afraid . 
 afraid that i would sink down into the black depths , unable to find the surface and wallowing in pain until my body slowly healed itself . 
 no one would know where i was . 
 would anyone even care ? 
 the black sludge was going to swallow me whole and there was nothing i could do to stop it . 
 heven something tickled . 
 even before i was fully awake i started wiggling my nose , trying not to sneeze . 
 i heard a deep rumble and i smiled , cracking my eyes open just a little so all i saw was a pair of honey-colored eyes staring back at me . 
 i reached up , pushing away what was tickling me , and it disappeared . 
 `` careful , '' sam warned softly so i opened my eyes all the way to see a perfectly shaped red rose in his hand . 
 this time when i reached for it he handed it over , directing my fingers between the thorns . 
 `` happy birthday , '' he said as i brought the rose to my nose and inhaled its floral scent . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i told him , pulling it back to study it once more , but i barely got the chance to look at its silky red petals because he pushed it and my hand aside and lowered himself closer until it lay forgotten on the pillow beside us and he was kissing me in a way that made me forget my name , let alone my brand new age . 
 he pulled back too quickly and glanced at the door . 
 `` gran 's making you breakfast , '' he explained . 
 i pushed back the covers to immediately have them flipped back over me . 
 i felt my eyebrows travel up my forehead . 
 `` did n't you just tell me to get up ? '' 
 `` no , i said we did n't have much time . '' 
 he lowered himself onto the side of the bed and i scooted over to make more room . 
 `` but i think we have time for presents . '' 
 `` presents ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 he grinned . 
 `` but i already have this , '' i said , picking up the rose again and holding it against me . 
 `` give me your hand , '' `` which one ? '' 
 he looked confused so i took pity on him and thrust my right one out . 
 he took my hand with his left one and then with his right he slid something over my middle finger . 
 i smiled and pulled my hand back . 
 it was a super slim silver ring , a thin band with a silver u in the center . 
 i looked at him , puzzled , not really sure what the u meant . 
 he chuckled and pulled my hand back , sliding something else onto the same finger . 
 then i pulled my hand back . 
 it was another ring identical to the first but instead of a u there was a silver heart . 
 i looked up at sam and smiled . 
 `` one more , '' he said , and i gave him my hand as he slid yet another ring on top of the other two . 
 this one was the letter i. i pulled it back and stared down at my hands . 
 i `` heart '' u. i love you . 
 three perfect silver stacking rings that spelled out the words i would never hear enough from him . 
 `` it 's too much , '' i protested even though i had no earthly intention of giving back any of them . 
 he smiled . 
 `` you like it ? '' 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i asked , looking down at them . 
 `` they 're beautiful . '' 
 `` i thought you could use something from me that probably was n't some key to some ancient thing we were going to go through hell for . '' 
 `` i love that bracelet too . '' 
 `` it was nice . 
 until every demon within a thousand-mile radius started chasing us around for the key . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` did you buy this from some woman on the street ? '' 
 i teased , thinking of the way he met gemma . 
 he made a cross sign over his heart with his finger . 
 `` cross my heart , it came from the mall . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` you went to the mall for me ? '' 
 sam hated the mall . 
 he grimaced and then nodded . 
 i reached out and pulled him to me , leaning back against the pillows and flexing my fingers against his head , kissing him , and nipping at his bottom lip with my teeth . 
 he groaned and i kissed him deeper , letting our tongues tangle and our lips mingle . 
 i had only been awake for five minutes and this was already the best birthday of my life . 
 it 's going to get better . 
 he answered my thought as he kissed me , and i playfully bit at him for hearing it when i was n't directing it at him . 
 gran began calling for us , saying something about breakfast , but i could hardly make out what she was saying because i heard all the thoughts running through sam 's head . 
 i felt my cheeks heat as a particularly seductive thought traveled through is brain and made its way into mine . 
 sam ! 
 his chest rose and fell with a silent laugh , but his lips never left mine , and his hands ... his hands began to travel to places that only his hands had been . 
 he groaned and i knew he heard that thought as well . 
 i 'm the only , he told me as he ran his hand higher , beneath my tank , until his rough skin brushed against my smooth , secret skin . 
 i made a sound of agreement and then he pulled back , pressing a kiss to my nose and taking a deep breath . 
 sometimes i miss my apartment . 
 it is hard to get alone time here . 
 as if to prove the point gran yelled up the stairs again . 
 i giggled . 
 sam rolled off me and i admired my ring again before bouncing out of bed and pulling on some sweats over my tank and shorts . 
 `` i 'll shower after we eat . '' 
 sam nodded and i followed him from the room , taking my rose with me , smiling . 
 on my way out the door , i caught a glimpse at the calendar on the desk . 
 this year we were celebrating on the actual day i was born . 
 a day that was n't just my birthday . 
 it was also halloween . 
 chapter fourteen riley something warm and heavy settled over my face . 
 it seemed to jerk me out of the void that swallowed me whole . 
 there was a presence very near , hovering over me , and whatever was on my face made it so i could n't see . 
 my arms shot out , gripping the demon that thought it had me , and i rolled , putting myself on top-putting myself at the advantage . 
 but my movements came to easy . 
 pushing through that thick sludge should be much harder . 
 when i moved whatever was shielding my vision fell away and i blinked against my clearing sight . 
 i 'd expected to see nothing but darkness . 
 i expected to see a demon licking its chops , thinking i was a meal . 
 i had n't expected ana . 
 her face was skewed with fear as her fingernails bit into my shoulders as my weight pinned her to the mattress . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i muttered , looking around . 
 i was in a bed . 
 a very large bed draped in white . 
 it had white curtain things hanging around it and the very large , open window on the other side of the room let in a breeze that teased the curtains . 
 ana made a small sound beneath me and my attention went back to her . 
 she was completely beneath me . 
 i was n't wearing a shirt and the sheets were tangled around my waist . 
 i might be able to get used to this . 
 `` riley , '' ana said , her voice breathless . 
 `` i ca n't breathe . '' 
 `` breathing is overrated , '' i said and brushed a blond strand of hair from her face . 
 what the hell was i doing ? 
 acting like cole , that 's what . 
 i rolled off her , back over onto the pillow that bore the indent of my head . 
 ana slid out of the bed and returned to a chair that was pulled up as close to the mattress as she could get it . 
 something cold had me shifting , and i reached under me and pulled out a wet washcloth and stared at it . 
 ana reached out and took it from me , returning it to a large white bowl filled with water sitting on the table beside the bed . 
 had she been washing my face ? 
 is that what i felt ? 
 something in my chest tightened . 
 `` do you remember what happened , riley ? '' 
 i thought back to the last memory i had . 
 pain so great i could n't feel my limbs and being swallowed by the dark , ominous sludge in hell . 
 wondering if anyone would even care to find me . 
 i glanced at ana . 
 she was watching me intently . 
 `` how did i get here ? '' 
 `` the devourer brought you . '' 
 she explained . 
 `` he flew up to the house and dropped you in the grass . '' 
 the devourer ? 
 `` you were covered in that black oily stuff and so was he . 
 for a minute ... '' she said and her voice dropped to a hoarse whisper . 
 `` for a minute i thought you were dead . '' 
 she glanced away and i swear i caught the shimmer of unshed tears and my heart slowed to a lethargic beat . 
 thump ... thump ... thump . 
 would she care if i died ? 
 would she have wondered where i was if the dragon had n't found me ? 
 `` ana ? '' 
 her eyes lifted and she smiled . 
 `` sorry . 
 it was hard to see you that way . '' 
 she busied herself wringing out the towel in the bowl and gripping it in both hands . 
 `` i could n't get you inside so i brewed some of the tea and poured it down your throat outside . 
 it seemed to heal you enough that you were able to help get yourself in here , but once you hit the bed you passed out again . '' 
 i glanced down at myself-not a mark on me and no trace of the black sludge anywhere . 
 `` i gave you some more tea and you 've been sleeping ever since . '' 
 i leaned back on the pillows to think . 
 leviathan 's demons must have done more damage to me than the first time he broke my back . 
 or maybe i did the damage trying to get here . 
 i had n't thought i was going to make it . 
 i was shocked the devourer pulled me out of the water like that . 
 i was shocked he would do anything to help me . 
 i guess i would n't be referring to him as an overgrown bird anymore . 
 `` riley ? '' 
 ana 's soft voice cut into my thoughts . 
 i turned my head to look at her . 
 in that moment i wondered how many ugly people god had to create because he used up all his beauty creating her . 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 she reached up cautiously with the cloth in her hand , watching me , trying to gauge my reaction . 
 when i did n't move-in fact , i barely breathed-she continued slowly pushing the wet hair off my forehead and using the cloth to wipe my brow . 
 i closed my eyes for a minute , enjoying the way her hands felt moving over my skin and brushing through my hair . 
 and then i opened them so i could watch her more . 
 `` me and a certain prince of hell do n't really get along , '' i said by way of explanation . 
 `` he did this to you ? 
 he ... beat you and then threw you into that stuff ? '' 
 her hand had come down to rest in that place between my collarbone and my shoulder , slightly gripping the skin there . 
 her hands were warm . 
 without thought , i reached my hand up and covered hers . 
 `` i was trying to get here . 
 that 's why i was in the water . '' 
 with the hand i was n't holding , she tossed the cloth back into the bowl and then laid her free hand on the bed between us . 
 `` i 'm glad you made it . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 thanks for taking care of me . '' 
 we sat there not speaking , listening to nothing but the sounds of the crashing waves outside and staring at each other through the fading light of day . 
 `` how long have i been here ? '' 
 i asked , finally breaking the silence . 
 `` a day . '' 
 then her forehead wrinkled and she said , `` you must be starving . 
 i made some food a while ago . 
 let me get you some . '' 
 she stood , but i would n't release her hand so she could leave . 
 `` i 'm not that hungry . '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 she said , a smile lighting up her face . 
 `` you 're always hungry . '' 
 `` not today , '' i said , my voice coming out in a low baritone . 
 a look of concern crossed her features and she sat on the edge of the bed , fitting her hip so it was against my side and she was turned toward me . 
 `` are you feeling okay ? '' 
 she leaned over and the scent of wildflowers tickled my nose and filled my senses . 
 she pulled her hand free and placed it on my forehead . 
 `` do you still feel pain ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` do you feel like you need more sleep ? '' 
 i shook my head again . 
 her brow puzzled and she seemed to be deep in thought . 
 then she said , `` i do n't know why you could n't be hungry , then . '' 
 she was so utterly innocent and inexperienced that the hound inside me let loose a low whine that echoed in my head . 
 `` kiss me , '' i said , the words barely making it from my throat . 
 my request had her sitting back , staring down at me dumbly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that 's why i do n't want food . 
 i 'd rather have you instead . '' 
 her cheeks turned pink . 
 it was the exact color streaking through the sky outside with the setting of the sun . 
 `` have you ever kissed someone before ? '' 
 i drawled . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` has anyone ever kissed you ? '' 
 again , she shook her head . 
 `` lay it on me , '' i said , feeling my lips curve upward . 
 `` i-i ca n't , '' she said , getting up from the bed . 
 i caught her around the hips and pulled her back down . 
 `` it 's really quite simple , '' i said , sitting up away from the pillows so we were face to face . 
 `` all you have to do is lean in , very close , '' i said low and leaned just ever so slightly closer , `` and press your lips to mine . '' 
 she was watching me , looking between my lips and my eyes . 
 i did n't move any closer . 
 i wanted her to come to me . 
 we stayed like that for a long time , so long i 'd just about given up . 
 if it had been any other lady , i would have grabbed her and crushed her lips to mine . 
 if it had been any other lady , i would have given her a kiss to end all kisses . 
 but she was n't just some lady . 
 she was special . 
 i began to pull away and she laid her hand on my arm , the lightest touch , and then she came forward . 
 she closed the distance between us and pressed her lips to mine . 
 she held herself there , her full lips taunting mine , and i was practically shaking with the need to crush her against me . 
 but i did n't . 
 i did , however , bring my hand up and run it through the length of her hair , my fingers trailing through the silky ends and then resting between us . 
 she pulled back , her gaze colliding with mine , and she smiled . 
 `` i got you some ho hos , '' i blurted and then wondered what the hell i was thinking . 
 it was like my brain threw up the first words it happened to string together to form a sentence . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 she asked , her eyes lighting up . 
 i nodded . 
 `` but they 're in my jeep in hell . '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' she said , slipping from the bed and landing on the floor with a soft thud . 
 `` are you hungry now ? '' 
 i was n't , but i nodded anyway . 
 my answer seemed to please her and she went off to find me something to eat . 
 i looked up at the ceiling , feeling lighter than i had ... ever . 
 i could n't understand it . 
 that kiss was nothing that would boil a man 's blood . 
 it was n't the kind of kiss that would ignite a firestorm of passion until i could think of nothing else . 
 it had been chaste . 
 it had been innocent . 
 it had been the best damn kiss of my life . 
 the knowledge hit me like a ton of bricks . 
 suddenly , crazily , i felt as if i was being pulled back under the sludge and it pressed in on me , weighed me down until i could n't fight back , and i was just sinking ... lower , lower still . 
 i had to get out of here . 
 i had to think . 
 ana entered the room carrying a tray full of cut-up fruit and a bowl of soup . 
 the very air around her was utterly serene and the feeling of being trapped in that water lifted enough that i could breathe . 
 `` i hope this is okay , '' she said , her words almost shy . 
 god , i was so jaded compared to her . 
 what the hell was i doing ? 
 but i could n't find the energy to leap off the bed and go running from the house . 
 i wanted to be here . 
 she made me feel ... well , i did n't know how she made me feel and i did n't want to think about it . 
 `` it 's good , '' i said and then grinned . 
 `` you know me . 
 i 'll eat anything . '' 
 she handed me the tray and then sat down in the chair by the bed . 
 i took the first bite of food because i did n't want to hurt her feelings . 
 the third , fourth , and fifth bites i shoveled into my mouth were because it was good and i liked to eat . 
 `` so how 's the hunt for the soul 's going ? '' 
 `` we have n't found them yet . 
 but we have an idea on how to find them . '' 
 i said , finishing the bowl of fruit and starting in on the soup . 
 it was some kind of chicken with big , fat biscuit things in it . 
 i liked it . 
 `` well , that 's good . 
 i 've been wondering about you . '' 
 then she glanced at me sharply . 
 `` and heven and sam , of course . '' 
 i nodded around bites . 
 `` speaking of , i really have to go . 
 i was doing something for them ... trying to find out information when i got hurt . '' 
 her serene nature might make me feel better , but that did n't mean the thunderstorm of feelings was n't still churning somewhere inside me . 
 plus , i really did want to know where beelzebub was . 
 `` hey , do you happen to know what day it is ? '' 
 i asked ana , trying to calculate in my head . 
 but since i seemed to lose one , i was a little behind . 
 she nodded . 
 `` it 's october thirty-first . '' 
 `` halloween , '' i murmured . 
 she nodded again . 
 i uttered a curse and set the tray of food aside and pushed back the covers , getting out of the bed . 
 then i froze . 
 i looked down and expelled a breath of air . 
 i was wearing a pair of boxer briefs . 
 thank god . 
 i was n't sure why i felt the need to wear them this morning , but i was sure glad i did . 
 i would surely have blinded her innocent eyes . 
 i smirked at the thought . 
 i looked around , trying to see if any of my clothes were left . 
 ana noticed and went across the room to get a neatly folded stack and bring it over to me . 
 `` they were a mess , but i managed to clean them up , '' `` thank you , '' i said , feeling guilty for reasons i could n't name . 
 i began pulling on the cargo pants and long-sleeved t-shirt and she went back to pick up the tray . 
 `` you seem upset about today 's date . '' 
 `` it 's heven 's birthday . '' 
 `` oh ! 
 that sounds like fun ! '' 
 i had a feeling heven was thinking different , but i did n't really want to drag ana into all that darkness . 
 it was a place she did n't belong . 
 `` yeah . 
 they 're having a party for her and i need to go . '' 
 `` of course you should be there . '' 
 ana agreed . 
 `` will there be dancing at the party ? '' 
 i thought about kimber then . 
 i have no idea why . 
 probably because she was the one having the party . 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 `` i love to dance . '' 
 she swayed a little on her feet and smiled . 
 how lonely it must be for her to be here day after day , year after year with no one but herself for company . 
 my stomach clenched a little and i pulled the rest of my clothes on , found my shoes , and shoved my feet into them . 
 then i turned to ana . 
 i looked at the bed with the rumpled sheets . 
 i looked at the bowl of water she used to clean me . 
 no one had ever taken care of me like this before . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 ana asked , setting down the tray and coming toward me . 
 `` i do n't know how to thank you for what you did , '' i said honestly , not trying to hide my feelings behind a joke . 
 `` if it was n't for you , i might still be in that ocean . '' 
 `` well , that was the devourer who pulled you out , not me . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 it was so odd to think of that dragon as anything other than a pest . 
 `` but you did all this . '' 
 i motioned at the bed . 
 `` you do n't have to thank me , '' she said , and i knew she meant the words . 
 `` can i come back ? 
 to see you , i mean . '' 
 `` will you bring me a box of those chocolate things i like ? '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` you got it . '' 
 `` tell heven i said happy birthday . '' 
 i went to the door , but hesitated , knowing i had to go , but not really wanting to . 
 before i could think too much about it , i closed the distance between us and pulled her against me , wrapping my arms around her and fitting her face in the crook of my neck . 
 she wound her arms around my waist and hugged me back and we stood like that until i could hear the clock ticking inside my head . 
 then i pulled back and walked away . 
 i did n't turn or look back . 
 i wanted to . 
 and that 's exactly why i did n't . 
 when i came out of the mouth of the devourer 's cave , he was there , almost like he was waiting for me . 
 `` i 'm not really sure why you would 've done that for me , '' i told him . 
 he blew some hot air out of his nostrils . 
 it smelled , but i did n't even crack a joke . 
 man , i was going soft . 
 `` this definitely deserves some snickers next time i see you . '' 
 i have no clue if he understood what i said , but he offered me his back and i climbed on . 
 i was n't exactly in a hurry to get back into that water . 
 this time around , riding him was a lot smoother and i realized the last time he was just being a pain acting the way he was . 
 a few minutes later he touched down where my jeep was parked . 
 i jumped off his back and looked at the dragon . 
 his nose was covered in bright blue feathers . 
 i reached out and gave them a pat . 
 `` thanks , bud . '' 
 he snorted again and flew away . 
 i pointed the jeep in the direction of my castle , but halfway there some demons flagged me down . 
 it was the one of the demons i let out of the jar i found and the one i called oscar . 
 he looked like he lived in a garbage can at one point so i thought the name fit . 
 i stopped the jeep and looked out the window . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` we 've been searching for you , '' oscar said . 
 `` you found me , '' i replied . 
 `` we have news . '' 
 `` i ai n't getting any younger over here . '' 
 `` rumor is beelzebub was banished . '' 
 `` banished ? '' 
 i echoed . 
 `` by who ? '' 
 but then the answer hit me . 
 there was only one dude with enough badass that could do that . 
 `` him , '' oscar whispered and the other nameless jar demon nodded . 
 maybe i would call him jarhead . 
 `` so where did he get banished to ? '' 
 `` earth , '' jarhead replied . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 i yelled and hit the gas , leaving oscar and jarhead in my dust . 
 when the demons were no longer in sight , i stopped the jeep , parked , and dug one of the marbles out of my backpack . 
 the whole time i searched , the story gran told us about how beelzebub tried to kidnap heven on her birthday-on halloween-kept running through my head . 
 he was unleashed from the cell . 
 he was angry at heven . 
 he was banished to earth . 
 heven was on earth . 
 today was halloween . 
 i busted open a portal and jumped through , hoping i could get there in time to warn them , hoping i was n't too late . 
 chapter fifteen sam `` i ca n't believe i let her talk me into this , '' heven groaned as she glanced out the window at the sinking autumn sun . 
 i smiled . 
 `` and it 's , like , freezing outside . '' 
 she went on . 
 `` maybe she 'll have marshmallows to roast , '' i said , thinking of the last party we went to at kimber 's house on the lake . 
 except last time it was her birthday ; tonight it was heven 's . 
 heven smiled . 
 `` that was fun . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` but then i fell into the lake . '' 
 `` do me a favor and stay off the dock tonight . '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's going to be a problem . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` you know this party is n't really for me , right ? 
 it 's just an excuse for her to have a party . '' 
 `` is n't halloween enough of an excuse ? '' 
 `` i was never allowed to go to kimber 's halloween parties , '' heven said , her voice turning serious . 
 `` at least now you know there was a reason . '' 
 `` actually , i kind of wish it was just because my mom was a freak , '' she said , looking at me and flashing a smile . 
 her smile always made the muscles in my stomach bunch . 
 `` if you 're worried about tonight , about something happening , we do n't have to go , '' i told her , fully prepared to turn the truck around . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not going to hide from him . 
 besides , kimber 's halloween bashes are supposed to be legendary . '' 
 `` do you think everyone will show up ? '' 
 she made a face . 
 `` oh the entire school 's going to be here , just watch . 
 kimber might be the most talked about girl at school right now , but she still knows how to throw a party . 
 besides , it will just give people more to talk about . '' 
 `` but everyone thinks your birthday was two weeks ago , right ? '' 
 i asked , passing by the already packed driveway and having to park on the street . 
 `` yes , they just think we 're celebrating late . '' 
 we climbed out of the truck and walked around the side of the house toward the sprawling back deck . 
 i enjoyed the view of heven in front of me in her tight pair of jeans and boots , looking up past her bottom half once or twice when her blond hair shone in the moon rising in the sky . 
 i could n't help but glance toward the woods that bordered the house , remembering the last party here and how china watched us until she dragged an innocent girl into the trees and killed her . 
 i shook my head against the memory and pushed it back , but reminded myself that even though china was dead , there was still danger lurking . 
 heven stopped toward the top of the steps and turned around . 
 i was on a lower step so she was actually at my eye level . 
 `` you okay ? 
 you seem a little ... '' she tilted her head , trying to read me through the mindbond . 
 `` distracted . '' 
 `` just stay close , tonight , okay ? '' 
 `` i think i can manage that . '' 
 she pressed a quick kiss to my lips , then went the rest of the way up the stairs . 
 there was a ton of people here . 
 i actually would believe close to the entire school was spread out all over the wide property . 
 there were people on the upper deck , where we were , people on the lower deck , people dancing out on the lawn where a dj set up a huge booth with flashing lights and a glowing jack-o-lanterns . 
 there were people on the dock , people on the lakeshore , and people coming in and out of the house , where it looked like there was a huge setup of food . 
 `` this is even bigger than her party last year , '' i said to heven over the thumping music . 
 she nodded and took my hand , pulling me through the crowd on the deck . 
 people stopped us along the way to slap me high-fives and the girls gushed over heven 's clothes . 
 i noticed when they talked to her sometimes their eyes strayed to the jagged scar that ran down her cheek . 
 if she noticed them looking , she acted like she did n't . 
 not once did she duck her head or lower her eyes . 
 she looked everybody head-on and smiled . 
 she was beautiful . 
 and even those that stared at first stopped when they realized she could care less about the mark on her face . 
 if she did n't care , they did n't , either . 
 kimber weaved her way through the crowd , appearing before us and pulling heven into a hug she did n't return . 
 kimber did n't seem to notice and she pulled back and smiled . 
 `` happy birthday ! '' 
 `` thanks , '' heven yelled over the music . 
 it was some song i never heard before . 
 `` you look great ! '' 
 kimber did a little turn showing off the long purple dress she wore that was belted at the waist with a giant orange belt . 
 she was wearing about a dozen necklaces around her neck , high-heeled boots , and to top it all off , a witch 's hat was perched on the top of all her red hair . 
 irony at its best . 
 heven waved at someone in the house and pointed in their direction to me and i nodded . 
 before i could follow , kimber stepped into my path , smiling . 
 `` ready to have some fun tonight ? '' 
 now why did that make me nervous ? 
 `` what are you planning ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` nothing but a scary good time ! '' 
 she cackled just like the witch she was and then disappeared into the crowd . 
 maybe she meant it as a joke . 
 it sounded more like a threat . 
 heven there was a huge fountain in the center of the great room inside the house , just off the back deck . 
 orange liquid poured over three tiers and down into a huge black bowl adorned with spiders . 
 on the very top tier was a sign that read `` witches brew . '' 
 people around me were laughing and moving around to the music and others were filling plates over at the giant buffet . 
 kimber definitely knew how to throw a party and people knew it . 
 that 's why this place was so packed tonight . 
 sam came to my side as i was sliding a black plastic cup beneath the waterfall of punch and i glanced up at him as i took a sip . 
 it burned the entire way down my throat and i coughed a little . 
 this was not just punch . 
 whether that was courtesy of kimber or one of the people attending , i had no clue . 
 sam laughed at my face and took the cup , setting it beside the fountain . 
 `` spiked ? '' 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` there 's soda over there . '' 
 he pointed and i followed him over where there were liters of unopened soda . 
 i opened up a bottle and poured some into two cups . 
 `` i heard she went to rehab in switzerland , '' someone said , coming up behind sam and me , and i cocked my head to listen . 
 `` i heard she went crazy when he dumped her and spent like twenty grand of her daddy 's money , '' someone else said . 
 `` yeah , it was all on pills and that 's how she ended up in rehab . '' 
 the people behind us laughed and i looked at sam . 
 he gave me a knowing look . 
 they were talking about kimber and where she was after the trip to rome this summer . 
 i knew , of course , rumors were flying about her and cole , but i had no idea things were this ridiculous . 
 `` got ta admit , though , she still knows how to throw a party . '' 
 i turned around from the table and looked at the rumor spreaders . 
 they saw it was me and all took on an acute look of constipation . 
 `` heven ! 
 happy birthday ! '' 
 one of the girls said . 
 i used to cheer with her . 
 kimber still cheered with her . 
 `` thanks , '' i said , smiling . 
 `` it was a week ago , right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded , even though technically it was two weeks . 
 i kind of enjoyed watching the discomfort on their faces as they tried to figure out if i overheard them talking about the girl they all thought was still my best friend . 
 `` well , it was great seeing you guys tonight , '' i said , taking sam 's hand and stepping away as they made room for us to get by . 
 but then i turned back to them and leaned in . 
 `` i better go find kimber . 
 since she just got out of rehab , i better keep an eye on her around that huge fountain of spiked punch ! '' 
 the mouth of the girl i used to cheer with dropped open and i pivoted away . 
 on our way out the door sam laughed . 
 i grinned . 
 `` ten to one they 're now trying to figure out where this new scar on my face came from . '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 he caught my hand and pulled me around . 
 `` you 're not self-conscious about that anymore , are you ? '' 
 i tilted my head to the side . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't care what people think about me anymore . 
 as long as you 're in my corner , everyone else can just go to rehab . '' 
 he grinned and lifted my hand with my new rings , kissing the place where they wrapped around my finger . 
 `` seriously ? 
 this is a public place . 
 you 're grossing everyone else out , '' said a sarcastic and familiar voice from behind . 
 i looked around sam and saw riley lounging against the deck railing . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it 's a party . 
 i like parties . '' 
 `` well , stay away from the orange fountain inside . 
 it 'll put a hole in your esophagus . '' 
 i warned him . 
 `` sounds delish , '' he replied and pushed away from the railing and went inside . 
 i watched him through the glass doors as he went and filled up a cup with the spiked brew . 
 then he took a drink of it . 
 he made a face as it went down , looked at his glass , shrugged , and added some more . 
 then he wandered off to the other side of the room where all the food was . 
 `` what do you say me and you hit the dance floor ? '' 
 sam whispered in my ear . 
 i spun to look at the crowd of dancing bodies . 
 `` you do n't like to dance and i 'm not so good at it . '' 
 `` but i like to touch you and i do n't care if you step on my feet . '' 
 riley stuck his head between us . 
 `` what are we talking about ? '' 
 his breath reeked of punch and there was a cookie in his hand . 
 `` dancing , '' i replied . 
 `` the ladies love to dance , '' he said , taking another drink . 
 `` i do n't know how you can stand that stuff . '' 
 `` it 's a man 's drink . '' 
 he glanced at sam . 
 `` you drinking soda ? '' 
 sam scowled . 
 why did riley insist on pushing his buttons ? 
 `` so has there been any sign of you know who at your place ? '' 
 i asked , drawing his attention away from sam . 
 `` that 's actually why i 'm here . 
 word on the street is your boy got himself banished , '' he said , shoving the whole cookie into his mouth . 
 `` banished ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 pissed off the big guy down there . '' 
 `` you mean lucifer ? '' 
 sam asked . 
 riley nodded . 
 `` every time someone mentions his name they practically pee their pants . '' 
 `` where did he send him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 there was a sinking feeling in my stomach that i already knew the answer . 
 `` earth , '' he said grimly , glancing at me . 
 `` that explains the gym and the body , '' sam said darkly . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i tried not to let it scare me that it was halloween , a day on which beelzebub had a history of trying to kidnap me , and we now knew he was here somewhere and not down in hell . 
 `` and maybe the other bodies from the news . '' 
 sam turned thoughtful and there was a little bit of relief on his face . 
 i hated to think of anyone suffering the wrath of beelzebub , but i also did n't want sam to think he was killing innocent people . 
 `` look , you need to keep your eyes open . 
 he 's probably closer than you think . '' 
 riley directed his warning toward sam , and i rolled my eyes at his machismo . 
 did he not think i could handle this ? 
 he drained the cup in his hand and looked off to the side . 
 `` i 'll leave you two to your dancing . '' 
 sam stepped out of his path , but i caught the sleeve of his shirt . 
 `` wait . 
 what happened to you liking a party ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 there seemed to be a little bit of loneliness around him and i was n't sure why . 
 i did n't like to think of him leaving here and going back down to hell . 
 it was awful there . 
 i 'd done nothing but avoid it for weeks . 
 but the only reason i was able to do that was because of riley . 
 maybe he did have some kind of ulterior motive for being down there . 
 maybe he did like the power and the control . 
 even still , he was here , giving us updates , watching out for us . 
 i did believe he 'd looked for the soul graveyard and even though he had n't found it yet , i knew he would be there when we did . 
 should n't i be there for him now ? 
 `` dance with me , '' i told him . 
 his eyes snapped to my face . 
 then he glanced at sam , who looked like he swallowed an entire mouthful of spiked punch , and grinned . 
 `` are you a good dancer ? 
 i got a rep to protect . '' 
 `` i 'm lousy , '' i admitted . 
 he pursed his lips as if to consider his reputation . 
 `` it is your birthday , so i guess i can make the sacrifice . '' 
 `` gee , thanks , '' i muttered . 
 `` my gift to you , '' he said generously . 
 sam snorted . 
 `` actually , i did get you something , '' riley said , reaching into his pocket . 
 sam crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 curiosity had me leaning forward . 
 he grinned and pulled out a silver fork and handed it to me . 
 `` i figured with beetlejuice running around and all you might need some protection , and since this is your weapon of choice ... '' his voice trailed away and he held out the fork , handle first . 
 i laughed and took the utensil , holding it up to look at it . 
 `` it 's the nicest fork i 've ever seen . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i stole it off the buffet table . 
 kimber 's loaded . '' 
 sam was looking between the two of us like we 'd just beamed down from mars . 
 `` a fork ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` when you were in hell i used one to kill a demon so i carried it around in my pocket in case i needed it again . '' 
 he looked horrified and i realized this would n't be funny to him . 
 the fact that i was using forks to fight off demons while he was trapped in hell ... i cleared my throat and slid the fork into the back pocket of my jeans . 
 `` i 'll just put this away , '' i said . 
 then i glanced at riley . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` you owe me a dance . '' 
 `` i 'm going to use the ladies ' room first . '' 
 i went through the house to the bathroom , where there was a long line . 
 instead of waiting , i bypassed the line and went farther into the house , where it was darkened . 
 i supposed to discourage people from venturing into these rooms . 
 i walked up the stairs , through kimber 's bedroom , and into her adjoining bathroom . 
 i did what i needed to do and checked my hair in the mirror and adjusted the multicolored chunky knit scarf draped over my white t-shirt and purple cardigan . 
 when i came out of the bathroom , a figure to my right moved and i jerked , my hand going to my back pocket and the fork stashed there . 
 then i realized who it was . 
 `` gemma ? '' 
 `` hey , heven , '' she said as she slid one of the dresser drawers closed . 
 `` are you snooping ? '' 
 i asked , amusement in my voice . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` just trying to get to know the resident witch . '' 
 more like the girl who was trying to get her hooks into cole , but i did n't say that out loud . 
 `` she 's still staying at my place . '' 
 `` it has n't really kept her away from cole . '' 
 `` i 'm trying . 
 it 's hard because she 's very persistent . '' 
 `` i do n't like her . '' 
 `` not many people do . '' 
 `` there 's an awful lot of people here tonight . '' 
 `` free food , lakeside party , music ... '' i listed and gemma nodded . 
 `` have you seen cole yet tonight ? '' 
 `` not yet , have you ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 've been laying low . '' 
 `` maybe for one night you should n't . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean it 's my birthday and i want you to have a good time . 
 find my brother and dance with him . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she murmured , but i could see in her eyes she wanted to . 
 `` come on , gemma . 
 it 's a party . 
 there 's a ton of people . 
 it 's not like you two are alone in sam 's apartment . '' 
 she got this kind of faraway look in her eyes when i said that and i wondered what happened the time they had been alone at sam 's . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said , grabbing her by the wrist and pulling her out into the hall and back toward the party . 
 `` i should go , '' she protested , digging her boots into the floor . 
 `` riley 's here . 
 he said there 's a rumor going through hell that beelzebub got banished to earth because lucifer 's angry with him . '' 
 `` he could be anywhere , '' she frowned . 
 i nodded . 
 `` maybe you could stick around just in case he shows up . '' 
 `` you think he will ? '' 
 `` i would n't put it past him . '' 
 in fact , i was surprised he had n't showed up sooner . 
 besides the stunt he pulled at the gym , i had n't seen him . 
 it was unlike beelzebub to be so quiet . 
 i would have expected him to try and kidnap me at least three times by now . 
 `` you do n't seem very scared , '' gemma noted . 
 `` i 'm scared , '' i admitted . 
 `` but hiding at home does n't work , either . '' 
 `` i 'll stick around , '' she promised . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i grabbed her hand , trying to steer her out of the house . 
 `` there 's too many people out there . '' 
 i released her . 
 `` maybe you could find my brother and take a walk by the lake . '' 
 when she did n't refuse immediately , i smiled . 
 `` you know you want to , '' i sang . 
 her lips titled up . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` awesome . 
 now if you 'll excuse me , i left sam and riley alone . '' 
 gemma grimaced . 
 `` have fun , '' i called over my shoulder . 
 `` happy birthday , '' she returned . 
 so far so good , yet i realized the night was far from over . 
 sam i was standing on the lower deck , soda in hand , watching heven and riley dance . 
 he was actually smiling in a non-snarky way and she was bouncing up and down , flipping her hair back and forth . 
 just when i was about to think maybe riley was n't as awful as i thought , he moved in closer to heven and put his hands on her hips . 
 then he looked up at me and wagged his eyebrows . 
 loser . 
 heven smacked at his hands , but she was laughing . 
 `` what does she see in that guy ? '' 
 cole said , joining me at the railing , his own drink in hand . 
 `` i have no idea , '' i replied . 
 i guess i did , though . 
 riley was entertaining and sometimes he was funny . 
 i guess i tended to be a little serious , and with people around us dying all the time , it was hard to lighten up . 
 maybe riley was just comic relief for her . 
 of course , the way riley was with her when he thought i did n't see made me think it might be more . 
 like they might be friends . 
 i did n't get it . 
 it annoyed me . 
 but it made heven happy and it seemed to keep riley from being a nastier version of himself , so i was n't going to complain . 
 `` i 'm just glad it 's you she 's with 'cause i ca n't stand that guy , '' cole said into my ear over the music . 
 `` you used to hate me too , '' i reminded him . 
 he grinned . 
 `` not anymore . '' 
 i held up my fist and he bumped it against mine . 
 i took a drink of my soda and watched riley completely ignore a blonde who was trying to dance with him . 
 he turned back to heven and the girl sulked away into the crowd . 
 it made me wonder if riley had more than friendly feelings toward heven ... `` what did it feel like to die ? '' 
 cole asked , interrupting my thoughts . 
 i glanced at him . 
 `` that was totally random . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 i wondered if he had more than soda in his cup . 
 he was waiting for an answer so i gave him one . 
 `` i did n't feel it . '' 
 `` it did n't hurt ? '' 
 `` no , but it 's not like i was shot or attacked or anything . 
 airis did it . 
 it was quick . 
 one minute i was here ... and the next i was n't . '' 
 `` how long were you gone ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` few minutes , maybe . '' 
 `` did it hurt when she brought you back ? '' 
 `` no . 
 why are you asking me all this ? '' 
 `` i 've just been thinking about death . '' 
 i understood that . 
 there had been a lot of it lately . 
 `` gemma wo n't be with me because she thinks it risks my life after i die . '' 
 `` you mean in heaven ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 this was interesting party conversation . 
 i glanced back at heven to make sure she was okay . 
 she was still dancing it up with riley . 
 it was beginning to annoy me . 
 `` so ? '' 
 i prompted cole when he said no more . 
 `` so i was thinking if i died and came back , then she could n't use my dying as an excuse anymore . '' 
 he was definitely drinking more than soda . 
 `` cole . 
 you ca n't just die and then come back to life . 
 who would bring you back ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i get to keep my body when i die . 
 all i have to do is come back here from heaven . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` it 's not like you can call a cab . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` too crazy , huh ? '' 
 `` look , man , i get it . 
 you want to be with gemma . 
 dying is n't the answer . 
 dying only makes you dead . '' 
 `` well , then what should i do ? '' 
 `` do what every guy on this planet does when he wants a woman . '' 
 he looked at me like he had no clue what that was . 
 `` wear her down , my friend . 
 wear . 
 her . 
 down . '' 
 `` is that what you did to my sister ? '' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest and glared at me . 
 `` all this ? '' 
 i gestured to myself and grinned . 
 cole snorted . 
 `` she did n't stand a chance , '' i added and took a sip of my drink . 
 `` oh , and jewelry does n't hurt . '' 
 `` right , '' cole said . 
 `` wear her down , '' he muttered to himself . 
 my eyes caught a figure standing at the edge of the crowd . 
 `` yep , '' i said . 
 `` no time like the present . '' 
 he followed my gaze , his eyes stopping on gemma immediately . 
 `` she came , '' he said , sounding shocked . 
 `` see ? '' 
 i told him . 
 `` you 're already wearing her down . '' 
 he drained the last of his cup and looked around for somewhere to put it . 
 i snatched it out of his hand and slid mine down into his , and he grinned . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he went off toward gemma and i turned back to watch riley dance with my girl . 
 except they were n't in the spot they had been . 
 i scanned the dancers , looking for them , figuring they 'd just moved with the crowd . 
 except i did n't see them at all . 
 not in the center or at the edge of the dance floor . 
 they were gone . 
 chapter sixteen heven three girls . 
 that 's how many `` ladies , '' as riley calls them , tried to slip themselves between me and him while dancing . 
 he was a pretty good dancer . 
 actually , i guess riley was a pretty smooth guy all around . 
 every time a girl approached , he ignored her . 
 i thought that was his way of playing hard to get at first . 
 but then when they tried to get his attention or bump me out of the way , he moved so he was closer to me and there was no room for her . 
 after the brunette stormed off in a huff , i wiggled a little closer and put my hand on his arm . 
 he spun me in a circle and then grinned . 
 i laughed . 
 `` so how come you 're ignoring all the ladies ? '' 
 i said , mocking the way he always said it . 
 `` the ladies are n't the birthday girl , '' he yelled over the music . 
 `` uh-huh , you ca n't use that charm on me , '' i called . 
 `` what gives ? '' 
 he spun me in a circle again . 
 i bumped into someone and yelled out an apology . 
 `` geez , heven , '' riley said when i turned back . 
 `` you suck at dancing . '' 
 `` yet another reason to find a new partner . '' 
 `` i 'm not in the mood to entertain the ladies tonight . '' 
 `` because ... '' i prompted . 
 he got this stubborn clinch in his jaw and i knew i was going to have to drag it out of him . 
 just then someone tapped me on the shoulder . 
 it was a guy in my chemistry class . 
 riley crossed his arms and glared at the guy , making his eyes dart around nervously . 
 i rolled my eyes and smacked riley in the stomach . 
 `` dj wants you to come to his booth ! '' 
 the guy in my class yelled over the music . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` he just asked me to come get you . '' 
 `` okay , thanks ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 the guy nodded and then glanced at riley before slipping into the crowd . 
 i began weaving through the dancers to get to the booth . 
 i stopped beside the platform and waited for the dj to see me . 
 riley stepped up next to me and the guy saw us a waved . 
 `` i hear it 's your birthday ! '' 
 he yelled over the music . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i have a little birthday present for you , '' he said and grinned . 
 it was n't a grin that inspired good feelings inside me and i was n't sure why . 
 so i focused in on his aura . 
 there were colors , like a normal aura had . 
 oranges , blues , some red . 
 but there was something that made nervous . 
 it was cloudy . 
 i could see no reason why a guy who was seemingly having a fantastic time essentially hosting a huge party would have a cloudy aura . 
 unless , of course , beelzebub was involved . 
 i glanced at riley and wet my lips nervously . 
 `` how did you know it was my birthday ? '' 
 i yelled to the dj . 
 `` i have my ways , '' he said with a hard glint to his eye . 
 beside me , riley stiffened . 
 now that statement could be taken two ways . 
 1 -rrb- kimber told him and planned this whole thing or 2 -rrb- beelzebub hijacked this poor guy 's body and was about to kidnap or try to kill me . 
 option number one was looking pretty darn good . 
 `` what the hell is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 riley demanded . 
 `` you 'll see , '' he intoned . 
 before we could do or say any more , kimber called to the crowd over a microphone and that 's when all the drama began . 
 sam riley would n't let anything happen to her . 
 he would n't . 
 i knew this . 
 it did n't make me feel any better . 
 sam , i 'm right here by the dj booth . 
 heven 's voice quelled the budding panic rising inside me . 
 i looked over toward the booth and she was there , standing right next to the dj with riley right at her back . 
 he looked at me and nodded , like we had some unspoken pact to keep her safe . 
 i guess maybe we did . 
 heven caught my eye and waved , and so i waved back , then pushed away from the railing to make my way through the crowd . 
 riley 's time with heven was over . 
 halfway there , kimber materialized at my side and smiled . 
 `` wan na see a cool trick ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i tried to walk away but found my feet were somehow stuck to the ground like my shoes had been glued down . 
 `` kimber , '' i growled . 
 she smirked . 
 `` wan na see my trick now ? '' 
 like i had a choice . 
 `` sure , '' i replied . 
 kimber produced a microphone from somewhere in that dress and flipped a little switch . 
 `` how 's everybody doing tonight ? '' 
 she called and her voice bounced all through the yard . 
 the dj heard her talking so he turned the music way down . 
 `` i 'm seeing an awful lot of treats going on around here this halloween but hardly any tricks ! '' 
 the crowd went nuts . 
 kimber ate it up like she was being crowned queen . 
 `` trick or treat , everyone ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` trick ! '' 
 the crowd yelled . 
 `` you asked for it , '' she said and then dropped the mic . 
 an eerie hush fell over everyone as they stood there waiting for some lame party trick to happen . 
 at first nothing happened at all , and i glanced at kimber who was still at my side , eyes closed with a weird smile on her face . 
 she stretched her fingers toward the ground and that 's when it began . 
 `` look ! '' 
 someone yelled out on the dock and pointed toward the center of the lake . 
 the water was taking on an electric green color that seemed to start at the bottom and rise up as the water churned . 
 bubbles boiled and rose up , popping just above the surface and streaking the air with the same bright green in the water . 
 people began to chant , `` bubble , bubble , bubble . '' 
 and kimber began to laugh . 
 a bolt of lightning lit up the sky and with a crack it hit the water , causing a neon tidal wave to rise up and then crash , drenching everyone near the lake . 
 everyone went nuts , clapping and whistling . 
 people around us were telling kimber it was her best halloween party yet . 
 she gave a little bow and people clapped and then she turned to me and winked . 
 `` i did that just for you . '' 
 i wanted to ask her what she meant , but then the dj spoke into his sound system , drawing everyone 's attention . 
 `` did you know we had a birthday girl in the house ? '' 
 everyone cheered . 
 `` everybody say happy b-day to heven ! '' 
 he started playing the `` happy birthday '' song and everyone sang along . 
 kimber had a funny look on her face . 
 `` how did he know it was her birthday ? '' 
 she said almost to herself . 
 `` maybe because this party is for her ? '' 
 i ventured . 
 kimber snorted . 
 `` yeah , for those that know it 's her birthday . 
 but for everybody else , it 's just a kickass halloween bash . '' 
 after the words left her mouth , she slid a glance at me with a guilty look on her face . 
 i should 've known when kimber said it was a party for heven , she actually meant it had been a way for her to look good by saying it was for heven . 
 really , this had all been about kimber . 
 the song ended and instead of playing another , the dj spoke into the sound system again . 
 `` the birthday girl and i have cooked up a little halloween fun for you all to enjoy . 
 so hang tight . 
 it 's on its way . '' 
 i glanced back over at heven who had a strange look on her face . 
 riley did n't look too thrilled , either . 
 the `` monster mash '' began to play and i hurried through the crowd , stepping up by the platform just in time for me to hear the dj say , `` i hope you like your birthday gift , heven . '' 
 i reached out and took her hand , pulling her down next to me . 
 riley followed , not once putting his back to the dj until we were several yards away . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked heven . 
 `` i could just kill him now . 
 save us the trouble later , '' riley said . 
 heven actually seemed to consider it , but then she rolled her eyes . 
 `` you ca n't kill someone for acting strange at a halloween party . '' 
 `` he was acting strange ? '' 
 `` he knew it was her birthday , '' riley told me . 
 `` kimber might have told him , '' heven said , looking hopeful . 
 `` kimber did n't tell him , '' riley and i said at the same time . 
 heven sighed and nodded . 
 `` did he touch you ? '' 
 i asked , looking her over . 
 `` say anything that was n't in english ? '' 
 i could n't help but think about the story gran had told us when beelzebub tried to kidnap heven as a child all those years ago . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 he just wanted to tell me happy birthday . '' 
 `` yeah , and cook up a halloween surprise from you to everyone else , '' riley said . 
 heven grimaced . 
 `` i 've had enough surprises to last me a lifetime . '' 
 i looked toward the dj booth . 
 he looked at me and grinned . 
 the hound in me stirred . 
 was that beelzebub ? 
 was he here , in that guy 's body , just waiting for an opportunity to strike ? 
 i was thinking about riley 's suggestion when there was a commotion down at the water . 
 someone was crying and then a girl screamed . 
 `` there 's a body ! '' 
 heven sam was the first to turn and rush forward toward the commotion by the lakeshore . 
 but even in his concern , he reached for me , tucking my hand beneath his arm and pulling me along with him . 
 i glanced behind me at riley who was close behind , and i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 i knew i could handle whatever came my way tonight . 
 i knew i was strong enough to take care of myself , but it was still nice to know i had the two strongest guys on my side . 
 there was a small group of people gathered down by the water , standing in a semicircle , all gazing down at where the water lapped at the sandy shoreline . 
 it was completely dark out now and the water looked like a pool of onyx that the shadow-filled sky fell down to meet . 
 two shades of night coming together to form the perfect backdrop for what everyone stared at . 
 two girls were crying and when we got close enough they turned away , moving so we could see the skeleton . 
 it stood out among the dark , bones that appeared pearly white as they lay there rattling every time a swell of water rushed forward , pushing them and drawing them back , pushing them and drawing them back , as if the lake itself could n't decide to keep the remains or let them go . 
 i shivered when my eyes focused on the dark holes in the skull , the eye sockets that once held eyes that allowed this person to explore the world around them . 
 i wondered about the last thing they saw . 
 had it been the dark , crushing weight of the water swallowing them whole ? 
 had it been the angry face of a killer ? 
 stop it , sam said , cutting into my thoughts , reaching up to cup the back of my head with his hand . 
 do n't do that to yourself . 
 then he was stepping away to stand just over the remains , remains that appeared somewhat intact . 
 the two crying girls moved out of his way , while the two guys still stood there looking at it like it was an exhibit at a museum . 
 sam crouched down and looked the body over , his eyes stopping at the body 's hand . 
 it was missing . 
 `` we need to call the police , '' one of the girls said between sobs . 
 her friend pulled a phone out of her coat pocket and stared down at it like she did n't know how to use it . 
 riley cleared his throat and stepped forward a bit . 
 `` looks like a bad party trick to me . '' 
 everyone turned their eyes to him . 
 one of the guys next to sam narrowed his . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 `` he 's a friend of mine from where i used to live , '' sam answered and the guy scrutinizing riley relaxed . 
 `` you really think it 's not real ? '' 
 one of the girls sniffed , looking at riley with hope in her watery eyes . 
 `` this is a halloween party , is n't it ? 
 did n't our hostess just do something to the lake ? 
 she probably put this here to just trick some people . '' 
 kimber seemed to materialize right next to riley . 
 she smiled under her witch hat . 
 `` girls , do n't be so dramatic ! 
 of course i put that there ! 
 i guess i took the joke too far . '' 
 `` so it 's fake ? '' 
 a guy with dark hair asked , going over to put an arm around his crying girlfriend . 
 kimber looked offended . 
 `` please . 
 do you really think i would allow a dead body to wash up on the night of my halloween party ? '' 
 one of the girls smiled . 
 `` i guess not . '' 
 kimber nodded . 
 `` forget about this . 
 go have fun . 
 enjoy the bash ! '' 
 the four did n't seem to want to hang around and they walked up the yard toward the huge mass of people dancing . 
 `` seriously , kimber ? 
 you did this tonight ? '' 
 sam said , pinning her with an angry stare . 
 `` you did n't exactly give me a specific date , '' she countered . 
 `` is this body real or not ? '' 
 i cut in , realizing there was more going on here than i thought . 
 `` do n't you remember andi , heven ? '' 
 kimber said . 
 i gasped and looked down at the pile of bones . 
 `` that 's andi ? '' 
 `` heven , '' sam began , and i knew by the tone of his voice she was somehow a casualty of my life . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i asked miserably . 
 `` china , '' he replied low . 
 `` that bitch got around , '' riley said . 
 `` you knew she was down there , in the lake ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he nodded , looking at the ground . 
 `` i asked kimber to bring her up so she could be found in one piece . 
 so her family would know what happened to her . '' 
 another death . 
 another family touched by the struggle raging between me and hell . 
 when was this going to end ? 
 `` why did you lie just now ? '' 
 i said , turning to kimber . 
 `` we really do need to call the police . '' 
 `` i will , '' she said , `` but not in the middle of the best party i 've ever had . 
 what a downer . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry that giving some girl who was murdered some peace is so disrupting for you , '' i spat . 
 `` we need to call now , kimber , before any of her ... washes away , '' sam said . 
 she waved her hand . 
 `` she 's not going anywhere . 
 i made sure of it . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 i 'm calling the cops , '' i said , pulling out my phone . 
 the song that was playing turned off and the dj 's voice came over the sound system . 
 `` who 's ready to get their freak on ? '' 
 the crowd cheered . 
 `` this next song is courtesy of the birthday girl , '' he said . 
 he was laughing when a song came on , cutting him off . 
 it was an intense song and the crowd started dancing erratically and then a horn cut through the music and a fog machine came on , filling the dance floor with a dense , heavy fog that glowed with the same neon green we 'd seen in the lake . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 kimber said . 
 `` i did n't order a fog machine . '' 
 she turned to me . 
 `` did you do this ? '' 
 `` no , i did n't know anything about this . '' 
 we watched as the thick fog curled around the dancers , winding its way through the bodies , surrounding them , pressing in on them until it was hard to see them at all . 
 the music seemed to pump louder through the speakers and more fog was released from a machine that we had n't even seen , but this time it traveled toward the deck , reaching for the people there , wrapping around them and tinting everything an electrified green shade . 
 `` something is n't right , '' i murmured , just as the fog began to stretch toward us . 
 `` gross ! '' 
 kimber said and then surrounded the four of us with some kind of clear bubble that kept out the green tendrils . 
 the fog did n't seem to like being stopped . 
 it actually seemed to collect itself , grow thicker , until we could n't see anything except for it , and then it reared back and rammed the bubble with a force mist should n't possess . 
 `` i knew i should 've killed that guy , '' riley growled . 
 `` cole 's out there . '' 
 i worried . 
 `` what is this stuff ? '' 
 sam looped one arm over my shoulder and across my chest , pulling me so my back came up against him and i could feel the muscles in his body begin to shake . 
 i glanced over my shoulder at the grim expression on his face as i felt the telltale flood of adrenaline push through his veins . 
 `` sam ? '' 
 i asked , knowing all too well what was going on . 
 he pushed me toward riley and i stumbled , riley reaching out to steady me . 
 `` what the hell , sam ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i 'm trying to hold it off . '' 
 his voice was like a growl and he shut his eyes , breathing hard . 
 then his eyes opened and i gasped . 
 they were pure , glittering gold . 
 `` watch heven , '' he demanded through gritted teeth . 
 `` sam . '' 
 i started forward to do something . 
 to help . 
 riley yanked me back and anchored me at his side . 
 i frowned at him , but he ignored me . 
 `` is he going to shift ? '' 
 kimber asked , her eyes going wide . 
 i think the answer was fairly obvious . 
 `` oh , no , '' kimber said and then she shut her eyes and began to chant in a low voice . 
 a great wind seemed to stir through the trees and the bubble that surrounded us swayed a little with the force of it . 
 riley tightened his arm around me as kimber raised her hand toward the sky and pulled . 
 a great howling force rushed through the area , so strong i heard the water lapping at twice the speed it normally moved . 
 the bubble rocked and shook beneath our feet like there was an earthquake and the ground just below our feet was going to crack open and swallow us all whole . 
 the green fog that hung heavy in the air was blown away , scattering out into the center of the lake and dissolving , raining down into the water , leaving splash marks where it fell . 
 the wind died down and the bubble around us disappeared . 
 i wrenched free from riley 's grip and stumbled toward sam , falling against his chest and reaching up to take his face in my hands . 
 `` get back , '' he ground out . 
 `` no . '' 
 i pulled his face down so i could stare into his sparking eyes . 
 everything 's fine . 
 we are n't hurt . 
 look at me . 
 i 'm okay . 
 i repeated the words over and over until the gold in his eyes gave way to their normal whiskey color . 
 the muscles in his body relaxed with only a tremor going through them every few seconds . 
 he took a shuddering breath and looked back at me , like he was just now seeing me for the first time . 
 `` i think i 'm good . '' 
 he looked exhausted . 
 like whatever had just gone on around us had been nothing to the battle raging inside his body . 
 i nodded , lowering my hands away from his face but linking our hands . 
 i glanced at riley , who was watching sam . 
 kimber drew all our attention . 
 `` what the crap was that stuff ? '' 
 we all turned toward the party . 
 everyone was dancing . 
 not just the people on the dance floor but on the upper and lower deck . 
 there were even people dancing on the dock . 
 but that was n't really the weird thing . 
 it was the way they were dancing that was so odd . 
 lazy , sluggish movements that were slightly embarrassing to watch . 
 they all rubbed against each other , undulating and vibrating like some kind of nightclub full of drunken people . 
 the girls all flung their hair from side to side , swaying their hips , and the guys ... the guys all had a serious case of grab hands . 
 gross . 
 as we stood there staring , a fly buzzed around my head and landed on my nose . 
 `` it 's beelzebub , '' i said with certainty . 
 `` he 's here . '' 
 `` he 's in the dj , '' sam said , and we all looked over at the booth . 
 the man was pulling a pair of oversized headphones off his head and he looked up , flashing us all a triumphant smile , and then he turned to run away . 
 riley and sam took off running , past the booth , chasing after beelzebub , who disappeared into the woods . 
 the guys did n't hesitate to lunge right into the trees as kimber and i stood there watching . 
 i was just about to rush after them when they burst out from the woods , looking over their shoulders and up into the air . 
 what could only be described as a flock flew out from the trees and began to lunge at sam and riley . 
 their big black bodies and long papery thin wings looked very familiar . 
 oversized bats is exactly what they looked like as they dove and flew through the night sky . 
 but then i saw their heads . 
 they did n't have the head of a bat . 
 they had the head of a wolf . 
 large snouts with protruding razor-sharp teeth , black sunken eyes , and ears that stuck up like a doberman 's . 
 as one lunged at sam , reaching with the feet that were too spindly for such a fat creature , it howled . 
 `` aaaoooooool . '' 
 `` is that a werewolf or a bat ? '' 
 kimber asked , staring in shock . 
 `` i think it 's both . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 she whined . 
 `` like things were n't creepy enough around here already . '' 
 `` beelzebub must be using them as a distraction to get away . '' 
 one of the werebats howled again , lunging at riley , creating a large scratch in his forearm . 
 even from across the yard , i saw his blood begin to run . 
 and then all hell broke loose . 
 right there in the middle of the party with the majority of the student body close by , riley and sam began to shift . 
 chapter seventeen sam attack . 
 destroy . 
 kill . 
 it was a mantra that pounded through my veins , the rhythm to which my heart beat . 
 i saw nothing but the enemy , filthy creatures that wanted to tear into my flesh with their claws and teeth . 
 i leapt into the air , opening my massive jaws , and bit down , closing over an extended wing , and as i barreled back to the ground , the creature came with me . 
 it tried to get away . 
 it emitted a roar that might have made me cower if my roar was n't far more intimidating . 
 i avoided its avid jaws and ripped into it , the taste of copper flooding my mouth . 
 i tore at it again and again until it stopped moving , and i pushed away to do the same to another . 
 the site of fire momentarily caught my attention , but then i forgot about it as my mind zeroed back in on the only thing that mattered . 
 attack . 
 destroy . 
 kill . 
 something broke into my single-minded precision . 
 a voice . 
 sam ? 
 we got them all . 
 you and riley , you have to get into the woods . 
 there are too many people here . 
 it 's dangerous for you . 
 i blinked . 
 the smell of carnage wafted to my nose and i recoiled . 
 i looked around at about a dozen broken and bloodied bats with wolf heads . 
 i looked over at riley who motioned his head toward the trees . 
 i followed but then turned back to seek out heven . 
 she was heading toward the crowd of students , people who acted like they had n't noticed two giant hellhounds had just done battle with flying werebats . 
 they all were still writhing to the music in a way that made me think that fog had put them in some kind of trance . 
 just as heven reached the edge of the crowd , a werebat swooped down from out of nowhere . 
 i leapt forward to attack , but as it lowered above her head , it burst into a ball of flames and she glanced over at kimber , who then flung the flaming bat out into the lake where it thrashed around before sinking slowly out of sight . 
 i 'm right behind you , she said as she bent to pick up a dagger that lay on the ground . 
 i turned , going into the woods where riley was already in his human form , leaning against a tree . 
 i shifted too and we just looked at each other . 
 `` that was new , '' riley quipped . 
 `` do n't you ever get tired of killing things ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not when it 's me or the other guy . '' 
 i guess that 's why i did it too . 
 because if i did n't , i 'd be the one lying dead . 
 me or someone i loved . 
 i turned back to see if heven was coming . 
 i could see her at the edge of the trees , talking to cole . 
 `` you coming ? '' 
 riley said , walking toward the lake . 
 `` coming where ? '' 
 `` in case you have n't noticed , you 're covered in blood . '' 
 i looked down . 
 he was right . 
 i had a flashback of all the times i 'd woken up somewhere covered in blood , looking just like this . 
 could this be what 's happening ? 
 riley watched me as i stared down at the stains on my hands . 
 `` you 're acting weirder than usual . '' 
 i shook myself and we walked to the lake and dove in . 
 it was freezing , of course , but it did n't really bother me . 
 it 's not like i was capable of freezing to death , but the frigid water did wash away whatever fog was left in my mind . 
 when all the blood was gone , i joined riley back on the shore , shaking my arms and legs to get rid of some of the water . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you care ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 i debated , then gave him a rundown of how i would shift unexpectedly and then not remember anything afterward . 
 `` sammy 's gone on a killing spree , '' riley said , smiling . 
 i guess that 's what i got for trying to have an actual conversation with riley . 
 but since he was the only other hellhound around this place , i thought he might get it . 
 i shouldered past him , thinking about punching him just once when he spoke . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like those things before . 
 have you ? '' 
 `` not until the other day when heven killed one at the farm . '' 
 `` they were at the farm ? '' 
 `` i only saw one . '' 
 `` when we were fighting them just now , things kind of went hazy for me . '' 
 `` hazy how ? '' 
 i stopped walking and turned to face him . 
 `` like all i could think about was killing them . 
 nothing else seemed to register . '' 
 `` yeah , that 's how it was for me too . '' 
 `` did you get bitten ? '' 
 i shook my head , looking at my arms . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` me either , '' he said . 
 i could see him trying to make a connection , just like me a million times before . 
 `` maybe something about those things makes us rabid . '' 
 `` is that even possible ? '' 
 `` we just got attacked by neon fog , a witch blew it away , and then a pack of half-werewolf , half-bats tried to make us dinner . 
 yeah , i think it 's possible . '' 
 yeah , i would say at this point anything was possible . 
 kimber and heven appeared carrying a bag of clothes i kept in my truck . 
 `` cole got this , '' heven said , tossing me the bag . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i unzipped the bag and started rummaging through it . 
 `` everyone okay ? '' 
 heven nodded . 
 `` yeah , that fog seemed to put everyone in a trance . 
 they did n't even seem to notice what was going on . '' 
 `` i only have one pair of shorts . '' 
 i glanced at riley . 
 he sighed dramatically . 
 `` fine , but be ready to fend the ladies off when i come out of the woods . '' 
 `` yeah right , '' kimber muttered . 
 `` i saw you sneaking a peak , '' he told her and grinned . 
 she made a gagging sound , then waved her hands . 
 my entire body was clothed in a matter of seconds . 
 dark jeans , a long-sleeved thermal shirt , a zip-up hoodie , and a pair of nike 's . 
 these clothes were nicer than any of the other stuff i could afford . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 riley growled behind me . 
 heven started laughing and i turned to see . 
 he also got some new clothes . 
 his pants reminded me of mc hammer ; they were made of gold material and the crotch hung down to his knees . 
 he was n't wearing a shirt , but a button-up vest with glitter on it , and he had a purple scarf draped around his neck . 
 to top it off , a large gold hoop earring dangled from his right ear . 
 i laughed . 
 `` you look like a genie that 's having a fashion crisis . '' 
 he growled and looked at kimber . 
 `` i 'm going to choke you with this gay-ass scarf . '' 
 we all laughed when he lunged after her and tripped over his pants . 
 `` red ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she sighed and waved her hands in his direction . 
 his genie apparel was replaced with an outfit that looked a lot like mine , but instead of the hoodie , he got a black leather jacket and a pair of black boots . 
 `` better , '' he said gruffly . 
 cole and gemma appeared , and since they both seemed very alert , i assumed they were n't near the fog when it swept through the crowd . 
 `` did you get him ? '' 
 cole asked , scanning the ground . 
 `` get who ? '' 
 riley asked . 
 `` beelzebub . '' 
 riley and i looked at each other and four letter words tumbled from our mouths . 
 how had we forgotten about him ? 
 `` he 's probably long gone by now , '' gemma said . 
 `` that 's why he unleashed those werebats . '' 
 `` have you ever seen one of those before ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 she nodded . 
 `` whatever you do , do n't get bit . 
 if the bite does n't kill you , it 'll infect you . '' 
 `` what about scratches ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said , a crease forming in her forehead . 
 `` did you get scratched ? '' 
 riley and i both nodded . 
 `` do you feel different ? '' 
 we both shook our heads . 
 she nodded . 
 `` that 's good . 
 maybe hellhounds are immune to other shifters ' poison . '' 
 the upbeat music from the party switched over and a slow song began to play . 
 as we were heading back , a howl cut through the night behind us . 
 heven looked at me and then we were all running back through the woods , following along the lakeshore . 
 behind me i heard kimber cry out and then a loud thump . 
 when i turned she was pushing herself up off the ground , looking down at whatever caused her to fall with a horrified look on her face . 
 another howl cut through the night , this one much closer than the last , and then a werebat plunged from a tree just above kimber , reaching its talons out to toward her , closing around her hat and ripping it away . 
 she screamed again , throwing her hands up over her head , but it was n't needed because riley threw himself at the werebat , yanking it from the sky and slamming it into the ground . 
 he landed a hard blow to the side of its head and then stepped back . 
 `` heven , can i get a light ? '' 
 within seconds , the creature was flaming and just like before , kimber sent it out to sink into the lake . 
 riley reached down and pulled kimber up , angling himself just slightly in front of her , between her and what she 'd been trying to get away from `` found the dj , '' riley said , staring down at the body . 
 heven wrapped her hand just below my elbow as we all walked over , and riley shook his head . 
 i pulled my arm away gently and turned to her . 
 `` stay here . '' 
 she did n't argue and i suspected it was because she did n't want to see the condition of the body . 
 he was definitely dead . 
 the werebat had n't wasted anytime and made a feast out of his remains . 
 kimber made a small sound in her throat and turned away . 
 cole put his nose into his elbow . 
 `` what should we do with him ? '' 
 riley asked , his voice flat . 
 i was n't about to dump another body in the lake . 
 i was n't doing that ever again . 
 `` just leave him . 
 the cops will find him eventually . '' 
 kimber pulled out her cell phone . 
 `` it will be sooner rather than later , '' she said as the screen lit up . 
 `` i 've got two dead bodies and an entire houseful of people who probably do n't even know their own names . '' 
 i watched as she keyed the numbers 9-1-1 into the phone . 
 then before hitting send , she looked up at all of us . 
 `` party 's over . '' 
 heven i hung up the phone and went over to the window where sam stared out into the backyard . 
 he held out his arm as i approached and i fit myself into his side . 
 `` what 's going on down there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` kimber 's putting on a show , '' he murmured . 
 i leaned my head against his shoulder . 
 `` what she does best . '' 
 `` well , tonight it 's worked in our favor . '' 
 i looked out into the yard , which was still lit up from the party . 
 several police officers with black nylon jackets with the word coroner plastered in white across the back were working down by the shoreline , and several other officers without the black jacket were combing the woods that surrounded the house . 
 kimber stood in the center of the now empty dance floor with her arms wrapped around herself and a drawn look on her face . 
 `` for once she might not be acting , '' i said , looking at her aura and reading the fear and hurt there . 
 i felt sam nod . 
 `` well , after everything that went on tonight , i think you might be right . '' 
 after kimber called the police and reported a found body and the disappearance of her dj , the evening took a definite somber turn . 
 everyone at the party stayed in that weird trance-like state until the police sirens cut through the cold october night . 
 it was like a hypnotist suddenly snapped his fingers and yelled `` awake ! '' 
 because everyone was suddenly completely aware of where they were and the fact the cops were coming . 
 everyone scattered like ants at a picnic , leaving behind sam and me , cole and gemma , riley and kimber to come up with a story about the bodies . 
 thankfully , we had enough time to clean up the carnage of the werebats before the cops arrived and the guests at the party noticed and started asking questions . 
 just as the cops were climbing out of their cruisers and slamming the doors , kimber insisted we all go in the house and leave dealing with them to her . 
 it did n't seem like the worst idea because it was her house and if we all stood around trying to explain , we might look suspicious . 
 `` did you talk to gran ? '' 
 sam asked . 
 `` yeah , she said it was fine we were staying here tonight . 
 she 'll see us in the morning for a big breakfast . '' 
 `` you 're lucky to have her . '' 
 `` we are , '' i corrected , reaching up to kiss the side of his neck . 
 sam stiffened and i looked outside to see two officers carrying a zipped-up body bag no doubt containing the dj 's body . 
 kimber saw and threw her hands up over her face , her shoulders shaking . 
 i could n't tell if she was faking her emotion or not . 
 but it was clear the officer was uncomfortable around her distress . 
 `` maybe i should 've stayed out there , '' i murmured . 
 `` it really was n't fair to leave her dealing with all this . '' 
 `` she is n't by herself , '' sam replied and motioned with his chin to the corner of the lower deck . 
 `` what 's riley doing out there ? '' 
 my head lifted under his shrug . 
 `` he 's been out there since the police showed up . 
 i guess he 's just watching . '' 
 i watched him for a few moments . 
 he did n't move ; he just stood there in the shadows and stared at kimber and the officers while she answered question after question . 
 `` can you hear what they 're saying ? '' 
 i asked sam . 
 `` most of it . 
 it 's mostly routine . 
 kimber 's saying all the right things . '' 
 `` they 're going to want to question everyone who was here . '' 
 `` probably . '' 
 i moved away from the window , not really wanting to see anymore . 
 living it had been enough . 
 `` there 's still a few minutes of your birthday left , '' sam reminded me . 
 `` it 's probably better that it just be over . '' 
 `` it ca n't be over . 
 not yet . '' 
 he moved closer to me , grabbing me around the shoulders and turning me to face him . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 i smiled up at him . 
 `` because i have n't got a dance with my girl yet . '' 
 the husky quality to his voice was like visiting a foreign country and hearing someone with an accent speak an ordinary word , but it somehow was seductive . 
 `` riley says i 'm a horrible dancer . '' 
 `` riley 's an idiot , '' he said as he wrapped his arms around my waist and drew me into the circle of his personal space . 
 i looped my arms around his neck , linking my fingers as our feet began to shuffle over the floor and he swept me around in a slow circle . 
 `` there 's no music , sam . '' 
 `` you 're all the music i need , '' he murmured , his breath tickling my ear and making every hair on my neck rise . 
 the lighting in the room was scarce because we did n't want the officers outside to see us standing in the window and so we danced to the music of our pounding hearts as the darkness folded around us , creating a moment as intimate as if i were standing before him completely undressed . 
 i liked when i lowered my head to his chest , i fit perfectly , my head reaching just below his chin . 
 `` i think this is my favorite part of today . '' 
 `` mine too . '' 
 `` sam ? '' 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 he said , the sound vibrating through his chest and tickling my cheek . 
 `` why did n't he try to kill me tonight ? '' 
 his arms tightened around me , but he did n't say anything until we ' made a full turn . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` but you have an idea . '' 
 i knew he 'd been thinking about this like i had . 
 `` we both know it 's weird he 's been out of that cell for this long and has n't really come for me . '' 
 `` he has n't exactly left you alone , either . '' 
 i thought about tonight , the night at the gym , and even what happened after school in the chemistry lab . 
 i thought about the werebats that seemed to fly around my house at night , colliding with the window like they were trying to get inside to eat me . 
 was he trying to scare me ? 
 drive me out of my mind and then come for me ? 
 did he think i would put up less of a fight ? 
 `` riley said something to me that night you found that body in your car , '' sam began . 
 we still moved in lazy circles . 
 our feet bumped together , and i was still tight in his embrace . 
 it seemed odd that this moment could still feel romantic when we were talking about death and kidnapping . 
 i guess it did n't matter what the topic was when i managed to steal a few precious moments alone with sam . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i snuggled in a little closer against him . 
 `` the other princes in hell , they do n't know who the soul reaper is . 
 they know beelzebub found him , but he never told anyone who it was . '' 
 `` maybe he did n't have time , '' i reasoned . 
 `` we locked him up right after i admitted who i was . '' 
 he shook his head and his chin rubbed against the top of my head . 
 `` he 's been out . 
 he might be here on earth , but he could 've sent word . 
 hecate knows too . 
 where has she been ? 
 she 's been way too quiet . '' 
 i 'd almost forgotten about hecate . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 `` i wish i was n't , '' he murmured . 
 `` you think he would tell the others who i was . 
 the odds of me being killed would definitely be in his favor then . '' 
 `` i wo n't let them hurt you , '' he vowed . 
 it was a sentence he repeated faithfully almost from the day we met . 
 back then it had been a phrase to hold on to , a promise that made me less afraid . 
 it made whatever i looked over my shoulder for less frightening and more manageable . 
 i 've grown stronger since he first started saying those words to me . 
 i now know i do n't need him to save me , that i could do that all on my own . 
 yet the words still meant something . 
 they meant i was n't alone . 
 they meant i never would be . 
 and they gave me hope that when all the dust settled from this war that raged between me and hell , sam would still be there-we would still have each other . 
 `` i do n't think he wants me dead anymore , sam , '' i whispered . 
 `` if he did , they 'd be coming for me . '' 
 `` he wants something . '' 
 sam agreed . 
 `` he wants you . '' 
 why ? 
 the unanswered question hung in the air . 
 neither of us asked it because we did n't yet know the answer . 
 i tipped my head back and looked up , noting there was a molten gold lightning storm in sam 's eyes . 
 `` too bad for him . 
 i 'm already taken . '' 
 his lips were possessive when they covered mine . 
 he was n't rough or mean , but it was as if he wanted to embed some kind of territorial mark within me , that he wanted to leave no doubt to anyone exactly to whom i belonged . 
 i kissed him back with equal passion . 
 i did n't mind being owned by him . 
 if there was one place i belonged , it was in his arms . 
 being with him did n't feel like binds or chains . 
 it felt free . 
 he pushed the cardigan off my shoulders , sliding it over my arms until it fell away , and he tossed it on the bed . 
 he reached up to unwind the scarf draped around my neck as my hands when to the zipper on his hoodie . 
 then the door to the room opened . 
 light from the hallway flooded the room and sam and i pulled apart to see kimber sweep into the room followed by cole and gemma . 
 we 're going to have to move to switzerland to get some time alone , sam said through our mindbond . 
 apparently , i replied . 
 `` i 'm sorry to interrupt your make-out session , '' kimber said , but it was without some of her usual snark . 
 `` but i wanted to tell you the cops are gone . '' 
 she looked tired and pale . 
 her aura was subdued-even the black color that marked her as a witch seemed smaller-and i knew tonight 's events weighed on her . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 riley stepped into the room as i spoke , leaning against the wall and crossing his arms over his chest . 
 `` peachy , '' she replied . 
 `` how suspicious are the police ? '' 
 sam asked . 
 `` they are n't . '' 
 she sniffed . 
 `` not at all ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they were , but i took care of it . '' 
 i glanced at sam to see if he understood what she meant and i could tell by the look on his face he did n't . 
 riley snorted . 
 `` she used her magic to influence how they viewed tonight 's events . '' 
 my eyes shot to kimber . 
 she turned around and glared at riley . 
 `` do n't think i did n't see you snooping around out there , watching . '' 
 riley yawned . 
 `` kimber , '' i began and she twirled back around , her hair falling over her shoulders . 
 `` i did what i had to do , heven . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i did n't exactly lie . 
 i just made sure none of us were going to be suspects . '' 
 `` thanks , kimber , '' cole said from behind her . 
 `` we appreciate you handling it . '' 
 she turned to face him , completely ignoring gemma . 
 `` did that fog touch you ? 
 where were you when it started spreading . '' 
 `` i was n't near the house when it all started . 
 we did n't know about it until the wind started howling and i thought it might be you . 
 i got close enough to see that stuff being blown away and then those bats showed up . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you did n't get hurt , '' she told him , pink blooming in her aura . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're okay , too . '' 
 only when he said that did kimber acknowledge gemma 's presence , almost as if she wanted to be certain she heard that cole had been concerned about her . 
 `` i do n't think beelzebub will be back tonight , '' gemma said , ignoring kimber 's stare . 
 `` me either , '' sam agreed . 
 `` good . 
 we can talk about all this doom and gloom stuff later . 
 i 'm exhausted and i want a shower , '' kimber said , walking toward the door . 
 i wondered if all the magic she used had somehow drained her energy and that 's what made her so subdued . 
 then she stopped and said , `` you guys remember where everything is , right ? '' 
 i nodded and so did cole . 
 `` i 'll see you in the morning . '' 
 on her way past riley , she stopped and looked at him . 
 `` you 're staying ? '' 
 i was surprised he was invited . 
 he glanced at her with an unreadable expression on his face . 
 then he smirked . 
 `` depends . 
 are the sheets a high-quality thread count ? 
 i ca n't possibly sleep on anything less than six fifty . '' 
 she snorted and the colors in her aura actually brightened . 
 `` like you know anything about thread count . '' 
 `` you 'd be surprised the things i know , '' he said slyly . 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` come on , then . 
 i 'll show you to your room . 
 it has a shower . 
 you should use it . 
 you smell . '' 
 they disappeared from the room . 
 i could hear them bickering all the way down the hall . 
 `` i 'll see you guys later , '' gemma said . 
 `` i 'll walk you out , '' cole called and followed her from the room , pulling the door shut behind him . 
 `` i did n't think they would ever leave , '' sam said . 
 `` right ? '' 
 `` now where were we ? '' 
 he asked , a smile pulling at his lips , and he grabbed hold of my scarf and slowly began towing me forward . 
 `` right about here . '' 
 i unzipped the hoodie and slid my hands beneath both his shirts . 
 he made a sound in the back of his throat as we proceeded to pick up exactly where we left off . 
 * * * `` the discovery of three more bodies during this last weekend of october have left the police more desperate than ever for any kind of lead that will shed some light onto the death epidemic that seems to be spreading over what was once considered a sleepy maine town . '' 
 the voice of the female newscaster was the first thing that sam and i heard when we left the bedroom and wandered into kimber 's sprawling upgraded kitchen . 
 her grim report had the warm feelings of spending the night in sam 's arms evaporating into the chilly morning air . 
 as we turned the corner , i could see kimber standing at the granite-topped island , cupping a latte in her hands and staring at the tv mounted on the wall . 
 behind her , riley sat at the island , a huge bowl of cereal in front of him as well as a steaming cup of coffee . 
 `` late last night , police responded to a call from one of the upscale homes that bordered one of the many lakes in our area . 
 what they thought would turn out to be a teenager 's halloween prank ended in two body bags and added to a death count that just wo n't stop rising . '' 
 the picture on the screen cut to a shot of an ambulance with flashing lights pulling up to the entrance of the hospital , the back doors being opened , and two body bags being wheeled inside . 
 `` the coroner 's office has not yet announced the identity of one of the bodies found , only telling eyewitness news they would be using dental records to depend on a positive id , which leads this reporter to believe the condition of one of the bodies was different than the others that have been found throughout the county as of late . '' 
 i stopped at the counter next to riley , my eyes glued to the tv . 
 he glanced up and pushed the coffee in front of me . 
 i lifted the brew to my lips , waiting for the reporter to continue . 
 `` the identity of the second body found has already been released . '' 
 she looked down at a card in her hand and then back at the screen . 
 `` john matthew reynolds , known simply as johnny to his friends , seems to have been the latest victim of whoever has been leaving a trail of death over the past few weeks . 
 marks on the body are consistent with the others found and police are determined now more than ever to put a stop to these horrific murders . '' 
 i looked at sam to see if he just realized the same thing i did , but he was still watching the report with a grim look on his face . 
 a picture of the dj from last night flashed onto the screen . 
 he was grinning in the picture and he was very young . 
 anger welled up inside me at the senseless loss of yet another life . 
 the skillet on the stove , where eggs were scrambling , burst into flames and kimber shouted , setting down her coffee and grabbing up a towel to beat at the flames . 
 it did nothing but catch the towel in her hand on fire . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 she screeched , looking at the flaming towel , and riley dropped his spoon , milk splattering everywhere , to go around the counter and grab the towel out of her hands and toss it in the sink . 
 then he reached over and grabbed the flaming pan to toss it in the sink too . 
 he used the spray feature on the spigot to douse the flames until the only thing left was the very strong scent of burned eggs and metal . 
 kimber turned to me with anger in her aura . 
 `` seriously , heven ? 
 i was hungry ! '' 
 `` sorry , '' i muttered , wondering when i would get the ability to put out the fire once i started it . 
 sam shut off the tv and went to get a mug from the counter . 
 `` how do you use this thing ? '' 
 he said , staring at the built-in latte station . 
 `` do n't touch that , '' kimber cried and went over , flinging herself between him and the machine . 
 `` no one messes with my coffee . '' 
 then she hit a few buttons and within minutes , sam had a cup of coffee in his hands . 
 `` well , now we know who 's been leaving the bodies all over town , '' i said as riley took back the coffee he gave me and took a sip . 
 kimber rolled her eyes and started making another cup . 
 `` like we did n't know it was n't beelzebub all along , '' riley said . 
 sam and i glanced uneasily at each other and riley set the coffee down . 
 `` you thought it was you ? '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` you think waking up with some blood on you means you 're a murderer ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you would think that . 
 pansy . '' 
 i smacked riley in the head and kimber handed me a new coffee . 
 `` we still do n't know for sure it was beelzebub , '' sam said , his voice tight . 
 `` so let me get this straight , '' kimber stated . 
 `` you think beelzebub is body-hopping around town and when he 's done with the body , he just dumps it ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 `` that does n't explain how the bodies get into such bad shape . 
 beelzebub is immature and mean , but i ca n't see him wasting his time defacing a body he already killed , '' sam said , drinking the coffee kimber gave him . 
 after he sipped it , he looked down in the cup and back at kimber . 
 `` this is good . '' 
 `` of course it is . 
 i made it , '' she said like it was obvious . 
 `` he 's obviously the one that brought the werebats here . 
 we saw what it did to the dj last night . 
 who 's to say they have n't done that to every body he 's dumped ? '' 
 i pointed out . 
 `` i agree with heven , '' riley said , slurping the milk out of his bowl . 
 `` besides , golden boy here '' - he hitched his chin at sam - `` does n't have it in him to go on a murder frenzy . '' 
 sam did n't seem completely convinced , but he did n't argue , and kimber was busy making herself a bagel . 
 riley pushed away from the island . 
 `` i got somewhere to be . '' 
 where could he possibly need to be ? 
 `` do n't you think you should stick around ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` for what ? 
 to help clean up that colossal mess from last night ? 
 no , thanks . '' 
 `` we need to make plans , riley . 
 we need to find those souls , set them free , and weaken beelzebub , now more than ever , especially if he 's the one killing people here . '' 
 kimber returned to the island with a bagel slathered with cream cheese and riley snatched half of it off her plate and took a huge bite . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 kimber yelled . 
 he ignored her and looked at me . 
 `` how about this ? 
 you meet me in hell when you 're ready to go soul hunting . 
 okay ? 
 better make it sooner rather than later because he 's just going to keep killing people . '' 
 he snatched the remaining bagel half right out of kimber 's hand and grinned . 
 `` thanks for the food , red . '' 
 he left , the back door shutting firmly behind him . 
 `` he has got to be the most annoying person i 've ever met ! '' 
 kimber wailed . 
 `` i agree . 
 but he 's right , '' sam said , gazing out the door riley just left through . 
 `` we need to quit putting it off and make a trip to hell . '' 
 cole shuffled into the room , his hair all mussed from sleep . 
 `` we 're going to hell ? '' 
 kimber 's aura brightened at the sight of my brother and i suppressed a groan . 
 `` appears so , '' i answered . 
 `` well , not today , we are n't . 
 did you see the mess outside ? 
 it 's going to take all day to clean up . '' 
 kimber sniffed . 
 her aura , which moments before was clear and bright , was suddenly cloudy with a burst of mustard color . 
 was she nervous about going back to hell ? 
 i could n't really blame her after she was trapped there for so long . 
 in fact , if i were truly honest , is n't that the reason i 'd been putting it off as well ? 
 i was n't exactly eager to get back to the place where so many bad things happened . 
 `` we probably should clean all this up , '' i agreed . 
 kimber seemed relieved when i agreed with her . 
 `` one more day wo n't hurt anything . '' 
 at least , i really hoped it would n't . 
 chapter eighteen heven the school parking lot was half empty when sam pulled my car into the lot . 
 `` are we early ? '' 
 i wondered as he put the car in park and gazed out the windshield . 
 kimber snorted . 
 `` us ? 
 early ? 
 uh , no . 
 but we are n't late . '' 
 `` well , it looks like most of the school will be getting late slips today . '' 
 `` not me , '' kimber said , opening up the back door to get out . 
 `` after spending half the weekend lying to the police , convincing them we were n't involved with the crap that went down at the party , and then spending the other half cleaning it up , i do n't have the energy to put on a performance for mrs. schuster . '' 
 she closed the back door and i leaned back in my seat , not feeling too eager to go inside . 
 this weekend left me feeling drained as well . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 sam asked , pulling on one of my pigtail braids falling over my shoulder from beneath a knit purple hat with a yellow butterfly on the side . 
 `` not really , '' i said and gave him a small smile . 
 `` how about we ditch kimber and school and go wherever the road takes us ? '' 
 `` we 'd have to come back eventually . '' 
 i sighed heavily , releasing all the air from my lungs , making me hunch forward slightly . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` we ca n't put this off forever , hev . '' 
 sam reminded me gently . 
 `` well , not with graduation this spring . '' 
 `` i 'm not talking about school and you know it . '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` i just ... is it awful i felt relieved when beelzebub ran off before we could catch him ? '' 
 the smirk he wore faded away and he turned in the seat so he faced me more fully . 
 `` no , hev . 
 it 's not awful . 
 a lot has happened in the past year-longer if you count the night china attacked you and left you for dead . '' 
 `` the night you saved me and took me to the hospital , '' i said , remembering the night my mind had refused to share with me for so long . 
 `` yeah , that night , '' he murmured and ran his fingers down my cheek . 
 `` no one blames you for needing a break . 
 we all needed one . '' 
 `` but now break 's over . '' 
 he nodded , looking solemn . 
 but even his solemn expression could n't quell the warm honey color of his eyes . 
 `` it 's time to finish this . 
 we need to move on . '' 
 i knew he was right . 
 i knew i could n't put off what i was coming to think of as my final facedown with beelzebub . 
 my mother deserved peace in death and we deserved peace in life . 
 if only we knew what he was up to , because i knew he was up to something . 
 it wo n't matter what he 's up to when you release the souls and take away his power , i told myself . 
 i just prayed no one else died along the way . 
 sam and i climbed out of the car and started through the parking lot , the whole place seeming eerie and silent . 
 i was just about to ask sam if he was thinking the same thing when kimber came running down the sidewalk toward us . 
 sam and i jogged to meet her halfway and when she stopped , her eyes were wide and her aura was all over the place . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` inside . 
 now . 
 you have to see this . '' 
 the three of us rushed inside , the door banging behind us and echoing in the hall . 
 `` where is everyone ? '' 
 i asked , my voice hushed . 
 `` come on , '' kimber said , grabbing my arm and pulling me around the corner and into another where students were loitering in the halls and digging through their lockers before the bell rang . 
 `` what are we looking for ? '' 
 sam asked . 
 just then a locker door slammed shut and the person behind it shuffled their way down the hall toward us . 
 a sound hissed between my lips . 
 the guy , his name was jeremy , looked completely out of it . 
 not only that , his skin had this green cast to it and his eyes were surprisingly vacant . 
 he walked stiffly , like his legs forgot how to bend , and his shoulders were hunched like his bones forgot how to support his frame . 
 `` he looks like a zombie , '' i murmured . 
 then i glanced at kimber . 
 `` is he a zombie ? '' 
 `` he is n't trying to eat our brains so i would think not . '' 
 as if to prove her statement , he continued by like we were n't even there . 
 when he bumped into sam with his shoulder , he stopped , turned , and raised his empty , red-rimmed eyes to sam 's face . 
 `` jeremy , man ... you okay ? '' 
 sam asked him cautiously . 
 he made a sound between a grunt and a groan and then shuffled off down the hallway . 
 `` okay , so maybe we should tell the nurse he is n't looking so hot , '' i said . 
 `` it is n't just him , heven . 
 it 's everyone , '' kimber said , gesturing to the rest of the people in the hallway . 
 she was right . 
 they all had that green cast to their skin , they all moved like stiff zombies , and barely anyone said two words . 
 the girl on the far end of the hall kept coughing , deep whooping coughs she did n't cover with her hand . 
 my chemistry lab partner walked by and i hesitantly tapped her on the shoulder , calling out her name . 
 `` alexis ? '' 
 the girl swung around . 
 her usually glossy brown locks were tangled and dull . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 her eyes did n't seem as vacant , but she stared at me for long minutes like she did n't understand what she said . 
 finally , she spoke . 
 `` not feeling ... too ... hot . '' 
 then she glanced at kimber . 
 `` great party . '' 
 kimber smiled as alexis moved off down the hallway . 
 `` you know it was a good party when even a half-zombie says so . '' 
 kimber and i gasped at the same time . 
 `` the party ! '' 
 sam 's face drew grim . 
 `` the fog . '' 
 we all nodded . 
 `` it somehow made everyone sick . '' 
 `` almost the entire school was at your house , '' i told kimber . 
 `` that would explain why half the school is n't here . '' 
 the girl down the hall began coughing once more . 
 `` and the rest are here to spread their disease . '' 
 `` do you think it 's contagious ? '' 
 i worried . 
 `` ew . '' 
 kimber whined . 
 `` i do n't think sticking around here and finding out is a very good idea , '' sam said . 
 we ran toward the door , but i stopped when i heard the drone of a tv just a few doors down , inside the office . 
 instead of going out the door , i went to listen . 
 `` heven ! '' 
 kimber hissed as she and sam ran to catch me . 
 there was a medium-sized flat screen hanging on the wall inside the school office , and i stopped just inside the door to hear the local news report . 
 `` doctors are baffled this morning by the epidemic that seems to be sweeping the students at windham high , here in maine . 
 it began yesterday when students began coming into the er with flu-like symptoms and a green cast to their skin . 
 the students also exhibit lack of response to everything and everyone around them . 
 doctor 's are scrambling to put a name to an illness they have never seen before . 
 the staff here at the local hospital is working around the clock to find some kind of treatment for the outbreak . 
 `` at this time , it is unknown how the virus began , but doctor 's are led to believe it originated at the high school , as ninety-eight percent of the affected are students . 
 the remaining two percent is staff . 
 `` police , who are now involved , are currently en route to the school to close off the building and do a sweep of the interior , where they are hoping to find some answers . 
 eyewitness news would also like to report that , at this time , all schools in this county are closed and will not reopen until further word from officials . '' 
 `` we need to get out of here before the police get here and start wondering why we 're the only ones not sick , '' sam said from behind me . 
 `` yeah , magic will only go so far in convincing them we are n't involved in any of this . '' 
 kimber agreed . 
 there was some movement off to the right in the corner of the office , and then mrs. schuster began to cough . 
 it was the same deep , hacking cough afflicting the girl in the hallway . 
 `` mrs. schuster ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she turned from the file cabinet , a stack of papers in her hand . 
 she looked down at them like she could n't figure out where they came from and then she looked back up at me . 
 there was no recognition in her eyes , and her skin , while not as green as the kids in the hallway , was definitely not its normal color . 
 `` she 's got it , too , '' i murmured to sam and kimber . 
 `` we need to help her . '' 
 `` we ca n't help her if we 're in jail , '' kimber hissed . 
 `` so we 're just supposed to leave her here ? '' 
 it just felt wrong to do that to a woman who always bought our lame stories and wrote us late notes . 
 `` the police are on their way , hev . 
 they 'll help her , '' sam told me , reaching for my hand so he could lure me away . 
 i glanced back at mrs. schuster . 
 she was n't looking at us any longer but staring off into space like it was the best movie she 'd ever seen . 
 `` you 're going to be okay , '' i told her , not knowing if she could hear me . 
 `` help is on the way . '' 
 `` heven , '' sam implored . 
 `` we really should go . 
 we have no idea if this is contagious . '' 
 i guess it did n't really matter . 
 we 'd been in here too long . 
 if it was airborne we were all going down . 
 i did n't say that to sam as we made our way back down the hall toward the doors , giving a wide berth to the students who still roamed the halls . 
 `` why are they even here ? '' 
 kimber wondered . 
 `` maybe they did n't know school was closed . 
 we did n't . 
 besides , they do n't really seem all that coherent . 
 maybe their brains are just on autopilot and going to school is what they always do , '' i replied , watching a senior football player lumber down the hall . 
 `` do you think the doctors are going to be able to cure an illness caused by beelzebub ? '' 
 kimber asked . 
 `` i hope so , '' sam said , his words not sounding very confident . 
 the sound of muffled sirens outside signaled that the police had arrived and would be entering the building very soon . 
 kimber jogged to the door and glanced out the long vertical window beside it . 
 `` great ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` they parked out there on the street between the school and the lot where we parked . '' 
 `` let 's go out the door on the other side of the building , the one in the gym . 
 we can walk around to the parking lot after the cops are all inside , '' sam suggested . 
 the halls at a school , when empty , were long , echoing corridors that seemed far too still than any hallway should ever be . 
 they were n't very bright because all the light was in the classrooms off the hall and the bare floors and walls gave everything a kind of abandoned feeling . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief when the double doors of the gym came into view , knowing just beyond them was a short walk to the outside , to a place that did n't feel so creepy . 
 in the hallways behind us i could hear the police walking through , questioning the wandering students and searching for answers . 
 in just a matter of time , the entire building would be swarming with cops . 
 i thought of mrs. schuster and hoped they were with her , getting her some help . 
 kimber pushed through the gymnasium doors first , peering in to make sure there was n't anyone there . 
 `` all clear ? '' 
 sam asked , stepping forward to look over her shoulder . 
 i did n't hear her response because my attention was caught at the very end of the hall by a figure in the shadowy stairwell . 
 she was standing there , staring at us , not saying a word , just watching . 
 as i stared back she drew something from behind her ... a glass beaker , and it was bubbling with the same green mist from the chemistry lab and from kimber 's party . 
 it was my chemistry teacher . 
 or should i say , it was beelzebub in my chemistry teacher 's body . 
 she grinned at me , raised the beaker , and waved it around as the green stuff wafted out around her . 
 then she turned and disappeared up the stairs , leaving a trail of poison behind her . 
 without another thought , i took off down the hall after him . 
 maybe it was n't the smartest thing in the world , to chase after a man who made it his mission to torment me and in a building filling with cops , but if i did n't chase after him-if i did n't try to stop him-he 'd just keep hurting people . 
 `` heven ! '' 
 sam called after me , doing his best to keep his voice hushed . 
 i looked over my shoulder as i ran . 
 `` he 's here ! '' 
 i replied , then started for the steps , doing my best to avoid the remains of the neon fog . 
 riley she opened the door before i even knocked . 
 it was like she could sense i was there . 
 or she 'd been waiting . 
 i would 've been blind not to notice the pleasure that came into her eyes when she saw me standing outside , hoping to come in . 
 `` riley , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` how was heven 's birthday party ? '' 
 she stepped back , letting me in , and as i brushed by her she noted the overly full backpack on my back . 
 `` what in the world is that ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 i grinned . 
 `` i brought supplies . '' 
 `` chocolate ? '' 
 she asked , hopeful . 
 `` i owed you some ho hos anyway . 
 the last ones i got you were ruined . '' 
 i dropped the bag on the side of the couch and reached in , pulling three big boxes of snack cakes out and then going back in for popcorn and candy . 
 `` what 's all this ? '' 
 `` movie food . '' 
 `` what 's - '' i groaned , cutting her off . 
 `` please do n't tell me you 've never heard of a movie . '' 
 `` i wo n't tell you . '' 
 `` deprived , '' i muttered and pulled out a portable dvd player . 
 `` prepare to have your mind blown . '' 
 she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` that does n't sound like a good thing . '' 
 `` eat your chocolate , '' i commanded and went about turning on the player and sticking an adam sandler movie in the side . 
 i sat down on the couch and propped up my feet , settling the player in my lap as the previews and advertisements began to play . 
 ana sat down beside me , her eyes fastened to the screen in fascination . 
 `` you like it ? '' 
 i asked her , watching her watch the screen . 
 she smiled and nodded . 
 `` good . 
 now hand me that bag of popcorn . '' 
 she handed me the bag and it made a lot of noise while i opened it , and then the movie started . 
 `` riley ? '' 
 ana asked as the credits rolled across the screen . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 `` you just came here to show me this ... movie ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 to hang out . '' 
 being here with her was a lot better than cleaning . 
 i paused in chomping on the popcorn . 
 `` should i go ? '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` oh , no . 
 i want to see this movie you told me about . '' 
 i settled a little farther into the cushions . 
 `` get comfortable . 
 you 're about to laugh your ass off . '' 
 she did what i said , leaning back so her shoulder was right against mine and her head tilted close so she could stare at the tiny screen . 
 yeah . 
 this was definitely better than cleaning . 
 after the movie ended and i ate almost all the snacks -lrb- except for all the ho hos -rrb- , she looked at me . 
 `` are you sure you did n't come here for anything else ? '' 
 `` you did n't like my movie ? '' 
 i scowled . 
 she laughed . 
 `` no , i did . 
 it was very funny . 
 i did n't know people acted like that , '' she said , smiling again . 
 `` i just ... you never said how heven 's birthday party went . '' 
 `` eh . 
 it was your typical party . 
 too much food , too much drink , and too much drama . '' 
 `` so you did n't have a good time ? '' 
 `` i 've had better . 
 why are you so interested in heven 's party ? '' 
 `` i 've never been to a party before , '' she said shyly . 
 `` you really are n't missing much , '' i said and grunted . 
 i caught the disappointment in her eyes and sighed . 
 `` it was on the lake . 
 she had a bunch of lights strung up in the trees and a big stage-a wooden floor-spread out for people to dance . '' 
 ana 's eyes lit up . 
 `` was there music ? '' 
 `` very loud music , '' i said , thinking about the dj and beelzebub . 
 `` did you dance ? '' 
 she asked , not picking up on my thoughts . 
 `` with heven . '' 
 `` i 've never danced with anyone before . '' 
 i tossed the dvd player onto the cushion beside me and stood . 
 `` first time for everything , '' i said and held out my hand . 
 she slipped her hand into mine and i tried to ignore how soft her skin was and how small her fingers felt . 
 `` this is how we usually do it , '' i said , pulling her in close and lifting her arms up around my neck and wrapping my hands around her waist . 
 `` then you kind of shuffle your feet in a circle , '' i explained , my voice going husky . 
 she glanced at me as she moved . 
 `` am i doing it right ? '' 
 `` uh-huh , '' i said , my body humming at how close she was . 
 all i could think about was the last time she kissed me . 
 i wanted to do it again , but this time i wanted to show her what a real kiss was like . 
 without thinking , i pulled her a little closer against me . 
 `` you danced with heven ... like this ? '' 
 she asked , her cheek against my chest . 
 i smirked as i imagined the look on sam 's face if i had . 
 `` uh , no . 
 it was a little different . '' 
 `` different how ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` not as close , '' i murmured , wishing we did n't have to talk at all . 
 of course she kept yapping cause that 's what women did . 
 `` have you ever danced this close with anyone before ? '' 
 her voice was soft , her question hesitant . 
 i knew i had , of course i had but in that moment i could n't recall a single face or a single moment to make it true . 
 `` no . '' 
 we moved in a circle , not speaking , and then she lifted her head from my chest . 
 `` i like dancing better than the movie . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , unable to look away from the green of her eyes . 
 `` me too . '' 
 i heard a few waves crash against the shore , more powerful than usual , and felt the wind pick up through the window . 
 i untangled one of my hands from around her and reached up , brushing away the hair from her face . 
 my gaze dropped to her lips , to the light pink softness calling my name . 
 i began to lower my mouth toward hers , our dancing stopped , and we were just two people standing in the center of a quiet room ... two people with desire swirling between them . 
 the low rumble of thunder had her springing back , away from me , alarm and something else on her face . 
 `` does it rain here ? '' 
 she shook her head , pulling her gaze away from me . 
 `` no , '' she murmured and i felt a wall go up between us . 
 `` i should probably ... '' she said , looking around for an excuse to make me leave . 
 `` yeah , i got ta go . 
 stuff to do , '' i said , stepping away , going toward the door , leaving before she could kick me out . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 she said . 
 i glanced over my shoulder . 
 `` do n't you want your bag ? '' 
 `` keep it , '' i said and pulled open the french door . 
 `` riley , wait , '' she said again , hurrying up behind me . 
 `` i. . . 
 i. . . '' 
 her forehead creased like she could n't find the words to say what she wanted to say . 
 i reached out and slipped her hair behind her ear . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i get it . '' 
 `` no , i. . . 
 i do n't know how to explain . '' 
 she looked so torn in that moment that all i wanted was to put her back together . 
 `` maybe next time you will . '' 
 she glanced up . 
 `` you 'll come back ? '' 
 i nodded , not missing the relief and that same look i saw in her eyes earlier ... the one i could n't name . 
 `` okay , i 'll see you then . '' 
 i left then , wandering down to the beach , watching the crashing waves , and staring out at the blue . 
 it was then i realized what that look was in her eyes . 
 guilt . 
 i did n't want her to feel guilty about being near me . 
 but i did n't want to stay away , either . 
 chapter nineteen heven he was waiting for me in the chemistry lab , just like i knew he would . 
 the green fog spilled from the room , snaking out into the hallway and creating clouds that hung low to the floor , lurking ... creeping ... waiting ... i shuddered at the thought of walking through it to get inside . 
 i thought of the empty green faces downstairs and the worried expression on the journalist 's face as she reported the `` epidemic '' sweeping the high school . 
 there was no epidemic . 
 there was only a madman 's revenge . 
 my teacher appeared in the doorway , her black pencil skirt and blue blouse looking less than fresh , her hair completely out of the normal bun she styled it in . 
 i wondered if she was anywhere inside her body or if beelzebub killed her the first time he took over her skin . 
 part of me hoped she was dead , that she was n't somehow trapped inside with him . 
 that was a fate worse than death . 
 sam and kimber ran into the hallway , calling out my name , and i held up my hand . 
 `` stay back . 
 this stuff is everywhere . '' 
 i cautioned , watching as the fog drifted ever so closer . 
 `` heven , let 's go , '' sam called out . 
 `` when i said it was time to stop procrastinating , i did n't exactly mean right this second . '' 
 but i did n't get to choose when to fight . 
 i never had . 
 i could hide for as long as i wanted , avoid the inevitable , but i always knew it was coming . 
 and by avoiding it ... by avoiding it , i 'd allowed beelzebub to bring his tirade to earth . 
 now might not have been the ideal time , but there would never be an ideal time to confront beelzebub . 
 sam started down the hall after me and beelzebub/mrs . 
 engles made a tsking sound . 
 `` better tell him to stay back . 
 would n't want him to fall prey to this nasty virus going around . '' 
 `` do n't come any closer , sam . '' 
 i warned , backing away from a tendril reaching out for my shoe . 
 `` oh , you 're safe , '' he said , watching the fog fondly . 
 `` i made sure the soul reaper could n't be harmed by this . '' 
 `` heven ! '' 
 sam demanded , wanting me away from beelzebub . 
 `` but you 're the only one i want alive , '' he said , eyes narrowing . 
 he wanted me alive ? 
 `` i thought you wanted me dead , '' i replied , flat . 
 `` why do n't you come in and we can talk about it ? '' 
 being alone with beelzebub was n't something i cared to experience . 
 `` no ! '' 
 sam yelled , running down the hall a little more . 
 beelzebub sent the fog rushing toward him . 
 at the end of the hall , kimber screamed and threw up her hands , blocking it from going any farther , stopping it just before it hit sam . 
 `` i suggest you do what i want before things get ugly . '' 
 `` you want to talk ? '' 
 i asked dubiously . 
 `` for now . '' 
 i swallowed and looked back at sam . 
 then i nodded . 
 sam made a sound , a cross between a groan and a roar , and then yelled my name . 
 `` wait for me outside . 
 i 'll be out soon . '' 
 `` heven , this is nuts ! 
 get away from him . '' 
 it probably was n't the brightest thing i 've ever done , but i wanted to know why he suddenly thought i should live , and i also wanted sam and kimber out of the building before the cops showed up and hauled them out . 
 trust me , sam . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 please go . 
 wait outside . 
 if you 're not out in five minutes i 'm coming in , he threatened , his words reverberating through my brain and giving me a headache . 
 make that three minutes . 
 i did n't look back as i stepped into the lab . 
 i was afraid if i did i would change my mind and run away . 
 instead , i stepped forward , right into the green cloud , feeling it swallow me whole , and walked right into a meeting with my enemy . 
 the fog was very thin in the room , just barely visible by the windows and hovering just above the floor by the desk at the front of the room . 
 my reflex was to hold my breath , to try not to breathe it in , because even though beelzebub said it was n't going to make me sick , i did n't trust anything he said . 
 it was probably a trap . 
 i was probably going to get sick and die , giving him exactly what he wanted . 
 calm down , i told myself . 
 thinking about my impending doom was n't going to help the situation . 
 i turned my attention toward beelzebub . 
 the first thing i noticed was that he was barefoot and his toenails were painted pink . 
 a pair of black high heels were sitting by the desk at the front of the room . 
 he caught me looking at them and said , `` do you see the kind of things i must endure to get near you ? '' 
 `` do you want me dead or not ? '' 
 i said , ignoring his words . 
 `` you 've been mine , you know , since the day you were conceived . '' 
 again , the reference that this all somehow started with my mother . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` she made me a promise she did n't keep . 
 and so her promise fell to you . '' 
 vague . 
 his answers were vague . 
 i could try to get more , but the actuality was i would never know if he told the truth . 
 the answers i needed had died with my mother . 
 `` so you tried to kidnap me as a child . '' 
 `` it is n't kidnapping when you rightfully belonged to me ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 it was weird seeing my teacher with such fury on her face . 
 sure , she was a real pain in the neck , but she 'd never been cruel . 
 i decided to fast-forward a few years . 
 `` why have n't you tried to kill me ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i have come to realize having you alive is much more beneficial . '' 
 he stalked toward me and i was n't as intimidated as i probably should be , probably because he was disguised a woman who was n't much larger than me . 
 `` the soul reaper has a unique ability-a control-over the souls in hell that no one else possesses . 
 and since i possess you , i wield control over power that will not only make me more powerful , but will make me all powerful . '' 
 was i hearing things or did he just say he was going to overthrow the devil ? 
 `` i 'll never do what you want , '' i told him . 
 `` you will . 
 because if you do n't i will go on a killing spree that makes what i have done since being banished here look like fun . '' 
 his lips curled back over his teeth in a menacing snarl . 
 `` and i will start with that boy you will do anything for , and once he 's dead , i will go after that old woman you live with . '' 
 my heart iced over at the mention of gran . 
 she was too good to be part of this . 
 she 'd already lost too much . 
 i 'd do anything to keep him away from her . 
 and from sam . 
 he saw the defeat in my eyes , the look of utter despair on my face , and he smiled , a sick , satisfied smile that showed his victory . 
 `` ah . 
 i knew you would see it my way . '' 
 i heard the police rushing up the stairs , likely following the same trail of green i had . 
 `` what a shame . 
 our time is up , '' beelzebub said . 
 `` i am working on a way to get back into hell , and once i do i 'll be coming for you . '' 
 his words sent an ominous shiver down my spine . 
 as i stood there , his soul separated from mrs. engles 's body and floated upward toward the ceiling , high out of reach , and over to an open window where it disappeared into the sky . 
 mrs. engles 's body stood , suspended by something unseen , for one moment longer and then it crumpled to the floor in a heap , her dead eyes wide , seeing nothing . 
 i heard the police drawing closer and i knew i had to hide , to get out , because if they found me here with a dead body , no amount of explaining would remove suspicion . 
 i ran into the tiny storage area off the classroom and crouched behind a shelving unit piled high with books and materials just as men rushed into the room and over to the body . 
 one man crouched over her , putting two fingers to her neck , waiting for a pulse that would never come . 
 finally , he sighed and looked at his friend . 
 `` she 's dead . 
 call for backup . '' 
 the other man spoke into the radio fastened to his shoulder , requesting assistance on the second floor of the school and reporting the body . 
 then the two of them bent low , inspecting her , looking for signs of death . 
 i took the moment and scurried from the room , rushing out the back door of the classroom and running down the hall . 
 i went the opposite way , away from the steps i knew the police would use , and i prayed the back stairwell would remain empty until i could get out . 
 all i heard was the pounding of my heart as i rushed as silently as i could down the stairs and around the corner . 
 an exit door came into sight and i all but cried out in relief . 
 i wanted out of here so badly my bones trembled with it . 
 just as i was about to bolt out the door , something from around the corner shot out and grabbed me , pulling me backward and forcing me up against the wall . 
 sam i paced in the stairwell , wanting to burst back upstairs and rip the head right off his body . 
 in that moment i did n't care that it really would n't kill him . 
 i did n't care that he 'd just rush off to find another body . 
 the satisfaction of ripping him apart even for just a second would be worth it . 
 but endangering heven would n't be . 
 and endangering her is exactly what would happen if i forced my way in there . 
 `` the police are coming , '' kimber whispered . 
 `` we need to move . '' 
 we ran out of the stairwell and into the gym , our footsteps echoing as we went . 
 `` here ! '' 
 kimber called and disappeared beneath the bleachers . 
 i swerved to follow just as the door to the gym opened and an officer poked his head inside . 
 we held our breath as he looked around the room and then turned away , yelling , `` clear ! '' 
 he let the door slam behind him as he ran off in the opposite direction . 
 `` she picks right now to have a face-to-face with the creepy dude ! '' 
 kimber muttered . 
 `` could her timing be worse ? '' 
 that 's exactly why he wanted to meet with her . 
 that guy fed off drama . 
 i moved to run back up there , to see what was going on , but kimber caught my arm . 
 `` give her a minute . 
 she 'll be down . '' 
 `` i ca n't just leave her up there with him . '' 
 i growled . 
 `` well , running through the halls will only get both of you caught . '' 
 `` go get the car , '' i told her , yanking the keys from my pocket and shoving them at her . 
 `` pull it down the street , past the lot . 
 we 'll meet you there in a couple minutes . '' 
 she nodded , taking the keys , and then ran to the door , opened it a crack , and glanced out into the hall . 
 when it was clear , she gave me a thumbs-up and disappeared . 
 i really hoped she did n't just speed away and leave us stranded here . 
 i went out into the hallway , rushing back the way we came . 
 when the sound of many footsteps reached my ears , i fell back , slipping around the corner and flattening myself against the wall . 
 they all ran past , rushing up the stairs and saying something about a dead body . 
 alarm slapped me like a championship fighter in a boxing ring . 
 i knew she was n't dead , but the fact there was a body anywhere near her could n't be good . 
 i stepped out from the hall just as heven turned the corner and ran in my direction , all attention on the exit door . 
 behind her i heard another rush of officers racing for the stairs . 
 as she rushed by , i grabbed her and pushed her up against the wall , covering her body with mine as the officers around the corner ran past and up the stairs . 
 sam ! 
 you scared the crap out of me ! 
 heven exclaimed . 
 that 's what you get for making me leave you alone with that monster . 
 like i had a choice ! 
 she said as i backed off , and she pulled away from the wall . 
 i inspected every inch of her , from head to toe . 
 she appeared unharmed except for the wild look in her eye . 
 my anger softened just a little . 
 you always have a choice . 
 not when he threatens you and gran . 
 he threatened gran ? 
 my anger spiked again . 
 i 'll tell you after we get out of here . 
 where 's kimber ? 
 i sent her for the car . 
 we did n't say anything more as we rushed out of the building , cautiously taking every turn and jumping at every noise . 
 finally , the car came into view and we both made a dash for it , jumping in as kimber peeled away from the curb like we 'd all just robbed a bank . 
 `` could you have taken any longer ? '' 
 kimber complained as we turned the corner , the school finally out of sight . 
 `` gee , kimber , so sorry to have inconvenienced you , '' heven snapped . 
 she took another sharp turn , one that would take us away from home . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` relax , '' she replied . 
 `` i 'm going to cole 's . 
 i want to make sure he did n't go to school and get infected . '' 
 heven collapsed against the back seat and stared out the window . 
 `` what happened in there ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 she sighed heavily and i felt bad for demanding answers so fast , but it seemed time was running out . 
 `` he wants me to come live with him in hell so i can help him overthrow the devil . '' 
 i was actually surprised . 
 i mean , i knew this guy was egotistical , maniacal , and plain stupid , but even i never thought he would take on the devil . 
 and to drag heven into it ... the hound in me stirred and i pushed it down , doing my best to control the anger trying to consume me . 
 kimber snorted . 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 when we did n't laugh , she looked at heven through the rearview mirror . 
 `` you 're serious ? '' 
 `` at this point i could n't even make this stuff up , '' she said , weary . 
 `` your power over the souls , '' i said , low , trying to work it all out in my mind . 
 `` guess so . 
 i guess being the soul reaper does n't just mean i can set them free . 
 i guess it means i have control over them . '' 
 `` that explains why he has n't told the other princes about you . 
 he does n't want anyone to know what he 's up to , '' i said , finally understanding . 
 `` or he does n't want the competition , '' kimber added , taking another too-sharp turn . 
 `` i guess it 's good he did n't tell . 
 otherwise , all of them might be after you . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` it makes sense . 
 he has n't tried to kill you at all since he found out who you were . '' 
 `` no , he 's just unleashed a pack of werebats , an infectious disease , and body-hopped around maine , '' heven replied . 
 `` and that 's all we know about ! '' 
 kimber said , chipper . 
 `` not helping , '' i called . 
 she pulled into cole 's driveway and heven breathed a sigh of relief when she saw his blue puck-up in the drive . 
 kimber turned to look at her . 
 `` you coming ? '' 
 `` his mom is n't a fan of mine , '' she said , shaking her head . 
 `` right . '' 
 kimber agreed . 
 `` well , i 'll see you later ! '' 
 she jumped out of the car , then poked her head back in . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'll fill cole in on everything . '' 
 i waited for heven to argue , to try and come up with an excuse that kimber should n't spend time with her brother , but she did n't say anything . 
 it showed me how upset she was about what just happened . 
 kimber disappeared into his house and heven looked at me . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 she stayed in the back seat as i jumped in the front , turning the ignition and looking over my shoulder at her . 
 `` where to , miss daisy ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` home . '' 
 she did n't say much the whole ride home , but because of our mindbond i had a front-row seat to her inner thoughts . 
 usually , i tried not to listen , but her silence bothered me and i wanted to know what she was thinking , so i tapped in , trying to get a handle on her thoughts . 
 what could my mother have promised beelzebub all those years ago to make him come after me this way ? 
 it was n't her fault i was the soul reaper . 
 that was just a cruel twist of fate . 
 although , i guess it really was n't . 
 i was already on beelzebub 's radar anyway . 
 why not pin the title on me and spare someone else the pain ? 
 when we pulled up to the house , i turned to look at her . 
 `` you know i 'll never let that happen , right ? '' 
 i said quietly . 
 `` you 're not going there with him . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i know . '' 
 then she said , `` but , sam ? '' 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 `` we 're going to have to work fast . 
 he 's already working on a way to get back into hell . 
 once he does , stopping him is going to be a lot harder . '' 
 `` then we 'll work fast , '' i said . 
 `` once those souls are released , he wo n't be able to force you down there . '' 
 no , then he 'll just go back to trying to kill me . 
 the thought slipped right from her head and into mine . 
 it seemed we were caught in a vicious circle , and we were the hamsters , destined to keep running on the wheel , never getting anywhere but always running . 
 there was a way out of all this . 
 all i had to do was find it . 
 my brainstorming was interrupted by the rush of adrenaline through my limbs . 
 i fumbled with shaking hands to get out of the car , stumbling into the grass and fighting the impulsive urge to shift . 
 heven was beside me , calling my name , trying to talk to me , but i barely heard her voice . 
 all i heard was the insistence of the animal inside , the need to let it out . 
 and then i gave in . 
 well , not so much gave in as surrendered . 
 the urge was just too great and i shifted right there in the yard , my senses becoming more acute , the drive to hunt all encompassing . 
 hunt . 
 kill . 
 destroy . 
 those were the last thoughts i heard as i took off through the yard and blackness overcame me . 
 chapter twenty heven the change came over him so quick that i barely had time to think , let alone try and stop it . 
 what was causing him to shift like this ? 
 was what happened at the school so stressful that he just snapped ? 
 it just did n't feel right . 
 sam was n't the kind of guy to buckle at the first sign of stress . 
 i watched as he started running through the yard like he chased some unseen prey . 
 i took off after him , realizing very quickly there was no way i was going to be able to keep up . 
 so i veered off , rushing into the barn and ushering jasper from his stable . 
 i did n't bother with a saddle , swinging myself up onto the horse with ease . 
 riding bareback was n't the easiest thing to do , but losing track of sam would be worse . 
 i guided jasper out of the barn and into the yard , my eyes scanning for the dark shape of the hellhound . 
 i saw it disappearing into the orchard and gave the horse a kick , pointing him in the right direction . 
 i asked a lot of the horse , pushing him to his full potential as we raced after someone i could no longer see . 
 every now and then i 'd catch a glimpse or hear a sound that told me i was going in the right direction . 
 when we got deeper into the woods , jasper tried to slow his pace . 
 i gave him another easy nudge , trying to get him to speed up again , and he started prancing around like he sensed something i did n't . 
 great , i thought . 
 i 'm so not up for another meeting with beelzebub and his newest body . 
 `` shhh , '' i soothed jasper , eyes scanning the trees , looking for something i could n't see . 
 i managed to get the loyal animal to go a bit deeper into the trees before he reared back and had me grappling to hang onto his neck . 
 `` whoaaa , '' i called out . 
 `` easy , boy . '' 
 but there was no calming the horse . 
 and soon i saw why . 
 a werebat appeared from the sky , swooping at us , snapping its jaws and trying to make us lunch . 
 i focused my inner flame and the bat caught on fire , falling to the ground , where it flopped around until it stopped moving altogether . 
 jasper was still beyond upset , but i managed to calm him enough that i was able to get off-okay , fine , i fell off , but it did n't hurt-and i smacked him in the rump , sending him in the direction we came from , back to the safety of the barn . 
 i heard a lot of commotion ahead of me and i ran forward , weaving around trees , leaping over fallen logs until i burst through , coming face to face with the small lake the bordered gran 's property . 
 sam was there , still in hellhound form , and he was going after two werebats with ferocity that scared me . 
 it was almost if he were rabid . 
 he snatched one bat out of the sky and attacked as the other one swooped over his head , reaching out with its creepy chicken-like claws . 
 i sent that one to the barbeque . 
 it howled in pain as flames engulfed its weird body . 
 the bat sam wrestled with finally fell silent and he looked up , his molten gold eyes spearing me , and chills raced over my skin . 
 the way he looked at me ... like he did n't know who i was . 
 he stepped forward , his body low to the ground . 
 i stepped backward . 
 he stepped forward . 
 i stepped backward . 
 he dropped into a crouch , looking at me like i was a fresh cut of steak , but before he could do anything else i said his name . 
 `` sam . '' 
 i stopped retreating and stepped closer . 
 `` it 's me . '' 
 he tilted his head , listening , and i stepped closer again . 
 `` i followed you so we could finally figure out where you were running off to . '' 
 i held out my hand palm up and waited for him to come closer , and when he did he pressed his cold nose against my skin . 
 i laughed . 
 his eyes changed , turning less molten and more honey . 
 he shot past me and into the trees , coming out seconds later in his human form . 
 his body was smeared with blood . 
 `` i shifted again , '' he said , looking down at himself . 
 `` i followed you . '' 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 he looked up swiftly , his eyes taking in every inch of me . 
 `` of course you did n't . '' 
 `` what was i doing ? '' 
 he wondered . 
 `` killing those werebats . '' 
 i pointed to the one he just killed . 
 just beyond it there were several other bodies littering the ground . 
 `` this is their blood ? '' 
 he asked , dubiously looking down at his smeared skin . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` i watched you with them ... all you could focus on was killing them . 
 it 's like you were - '' i said , but he finished for me . 
 `` rabid , primal . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` that 's exactly what it was like . 
 like your actions were completely beyond your control . 
 you felt it too ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't remember what i feel , but riley , he suggested that something about them might make us frenzied . '' 
 `` he felt like this too , that night at kimber 's ? '' 
 i asked , hope filling me up inside . 
 he nodded . 
 i let out a little squeal and raced over to him , ready to throw my arms around him , but then i stopped just short of touching him . 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'll hug you after you shower . '' 
 `` all this time , '' he said to himself . 
 `` all this time i thought i was killing people . '' 
 `` and you were killing werebats . '' 
 he thought about it a little longer , mulling the words around in his head , and then he looked up at me and grinned . 
 `` thank god . '' 
 i grinned back and the two of us stood there grinning like idiots for who knew how long . 
 `` but if i was killing these things this whole time , where are all the bodies ? '' 
 he said finally , his smile fading away . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` did you eat them ? '' 
 the look on his face was priceless . 
 `` that 's disgusting , heven . '' 
 `` hey , i 've seen you when you 're hungry . 
 it is n't always a pleasant sight . '' 
 his teeth flashed with his quick smile . 
 `` i did n't eat them . '' 
 `` maybe you hid them . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i did n't really care where they were . 
 i was just happy he finally realized he was n't a cold-blooded killer . 
 `` maybe , '' he echoed . 
 `` i 'm going to rinse off , '' he said and without hesitation dove into the lake . 
 it seemed to me he was in there a really long time . 
 not once did his head surface , and i reminded myself he could n't drown . 
 still , as the minutes ticked by i grew more and more nervous , just waiting for him to come up for air . 
 i saw the ripples in the water first and then the bubbles . 
 finally his head broke the surface and he wiped the water from his eyes . 
 `` gheesh , that took forever , '' i said , unable to hide my relief . 
 he swam over to the shore and stepped out , going over the dead bats and tossing them all into the water one by one until there were no more left . 
 `` so much for not hiding anymore bodies in a lake , '' he said to no one in particular . 
 the disgust in his voice was clear . 
 `` sam ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he rinsed himself off once more and then left the water , coming to stand at my side . 
 `` you were right . 
 i hid them all . 
 in the lake . '' 
 i glanced at the water , water i was already uneasy around , and imagined the bottom of it full of dead werebats . 
 i suppressed a shiver and gave sam a smile . 
 `` well , at least you cleaned up after yourself . '' 
 he groaned . 
 `` look , who cares ? 
 it 's not like they were people or even innocent . 
 they were brought here by beelzebub . '' 
 a cold wind blew through the bare trees and a few snowflakes floated from the sky . 
 `` yeah , you 're right . 
 come on . '' 
 he put an arm around my shoulder . 
 `` let 's go back to the house . 
 you 're going to get cold . '' 
 `` i 'm not the one who 's naked . '' 
 `` would you like to be ? '' 
 he wagged his eyebrows at me and i laughed . 
 `` let 's get inside and then we 'll talk , ` kay ? '' 
 `` i did n't hear a no , '' he drawled . 
 the house came into view and so did cole 's truck . 
 sam groaned . 
 `` alone time is really hard to come by around here . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i 'll see what they 're up too . 
 you go find some clothes . '' 
 sam dashed around the front of the house and i continued around the side where i was assaulted with kimber 's whining . 
 `` you do n't need to call her , '' she whined . 
 `` she does n't need to be here . '' 
 cole sighed . 
 `` yes , kimber , she does . 
 it 's why she 's here , to help my sister . '' 
 kimber 's aura was full of red and i knew the minute i spoke up i would be the target of her anger and jealousy , even if it was meant for someone else . 
 he pressed a button on his phone and kimber snatched it out of his hand . 
 `` what is it with her , huh ? 
 what does she have that i do n't ? '' 
 he reached for the phone , ignoring her words , and she tossed it into the bush growing by the porch . 
 a growl rumbled out of his throat . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 he snapped as he fished the cell phone out of the shrub . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` i 'm in love with her ! '' 
 he burst out , his voice echoing around us . 
 `` not you ! 
 her ! '' 
 he flung his arms wide , gripping the phone in his hand . 
 then in a quieter voice , he said , `` we 're never going to be together again , kimber . '' 
 she stood there , the force of his words like a slap to her face , and she was momentarily speechless while cole dialed the phone and spoke in low tones to gemma . 
 then he hung up and jammed it into his pocket . 
 i moved forward , figuring i 'd eavesdropped enough . 
 cole saw me coming and stepped toward me . 
 `` kimber told me what happened . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 've had worse days , '' i said , giving him a smile . 
 he pulled me in for a hug and i returned it , assuming he probably needed one too . 
 `` i called gemma , '' he said into my hair . 
 `` she 's on her way . '' 
 i pulled back and nodded . 
 `` how about you ? 
 that was intense , huh ? '' 
 i slid a glance over at kimber who was watching us with a frown on her face . 
 cole cursed and rubbed a hand down his face . 
 `` i did n't mean to yell at you , kimber . '' 
 she sniffed , her aura smoothing out just a little . 
 then gemma appeared . 
 kimber 's aura went crazy again , and i sighed . 
 it was going to be a long afternoon . 
 `` heven , '' gemma said , coming to my side and doing her best not to look at cole -lrb- she did n't do a very good job -rrb- . 
 `` what happened today ? '' 
 i opened my mouth to explain when sam practically ripped the hinges off the back door , rushing out into the yard . 
 `` sam ? '' 
 i asked , knowing something was wrong . 
 `` there 's more , '' he said , his eyes flashing gold . 
 he rushed out into the yard , looking up in the sky . 
 everyone else was completely confused , so i explained . 
 `` he can sense the werebats . 
 there were some here earlier , too . '' 
 as if i conjured them , three swooped down out of the sky , howling and flapping their paper-thin wings . 
 sam was shaking . 
 i could feel him wanting to shift and trying not to , so i ran closer to him , saying , `` we 've got this . 
 they 're outnumbered . '' 
 `` right , '' he said as one charged him . 
 he caught it by the foot and slammed it into the ground . 
 i lit it on fire and turned . 
 gemma had already brought down one and cole brought down another , which was struggling against the ground where he pinned it . 
 `` cole ! '' 
 gemma said , tossing him a dagger , which he caught and used to finish off the bat . 
 bats gone , i turned to sam to smile , but that wild look was still on his face . 
 `` there 's more . '' 
 all the horses inside the barn began making noise and panicking and we all turned to see about five more werebats rise up over the roof and fly toward us . 
 a brief flash of weariness overtook me for a moment . 
 i was so tired of fighting all the time . 
 but i pushed it away to brace myself and take down a few more creatures . 
 `` barbequed bat , anyone ? '' 
 i said , concentrating on one of the larger ones and lighting it on fire . 
 it landed too close to the barn and caught some hay on fire so sam and i ran over to put it out , smothering it before it could get out of control . 
 while we were there , another bat attacked , its huge head coming right toward me , but sam knocked it out of the sky with a metal rake that was lying by the hay . 
 `` nice shot , '' i told him once it was dead . 
 we turned back to the others only to see they 'd been finished off by gemma , cole , and kimber . 
 bodies were everywhere . 
 `` dragging all these things to the lake is out of the question , '' i said . 
 `` uh , yeah . '' 
 sam agreed . 
 `` let 's just bag them up and we can have a bonfire later , '' i suggested . 
 he nodded and i called out to the others , `` be right back ! '' 
 `` do you think gemma will know a way to vaccinate everyone from school ? '' 
 i asked sam as we rummaged around in the tack room for supplies to bag up the werebats . 
 `` if anyone would know , it 's her , '' he said . 
 i found a big box of extra-large black trash bags in the back of one of the cabinets and stood up . 
 `` think fast , '' i said and launched the box at his head . 
 he caught it , of course , and then faked that he was going to throw it at me . 
 i flinched like an idiot , then laughed . 
 `` like i would actually throw this at you , '' he scoffed . 
 `` i threw it at you , '' i shot back . 
 `` i demand equal treatment ! '' 
 `` uh-huh , 'cause if this thing hits you in the face and leaves a mark , gran will have my ass . '' 
 `` gran loves you , '' i said , walking closer . 
 `` i love you , '' he said , dropping the bags on the floor and pulling me close for a too-short kiss . 
 `` you did good out there , '' i told him . 
 `` you did n't shift this time . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i think just knowing its them makes it easier to control , you know ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i agreed , going in for another kiss . 
 but we were interrupted . 
 by someone 's scream . 
 all traces of our happiness evaporated like rainwater on a hot day as we raced from the barn to see what was going on . 
 maybe we had n't gotten them all . 
 maybe one of them was n't actually dead . 
 i skidded to a stop just outside the barn to see kimber huddled close to cole who was sitting-more like slouching-on the ground . 
 kimber looked wildly around and when her eyes landed on sam and me , they flared in panic . 
 `` cole 's hurt ! '' 
 i ran to his side and crouched down next to him . 
 `` cole , what happened ? '' 
 his forehead was damp with sweat and when he looked up at me , his pupils were dilated . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 one of those bats bit me is all . '' 
 `` the werebat bit you ? '' 
 kimber cried and began pacing . 
 `` how deep is it , cole ? '' 
 sam asked , stepping closer . 
 he pulled away the hand he cradled to his chest and held it out . 
 i bit back a gasp . 
 it was bad . 
 his hand was ripped up and looked like a bloody , meaty mess , and underneath all the hamburger that had been his flesh , i could see bone . 
 i glanced at sam , who gave me a worried expression . 
 he might be infected . 
 no , no , no , no . 
 `` cole , '' i began and laid my hand on his shoulder . 
 he reared back and roared , lunging at me . 
 i fell backward and he came forward as if he were going to attack . 
 i gasped and then sam was there , grabbing him by the back of the neck and yanking him backward . 
 i heard some muffled shouting and cursing , but i could n't pull my eyes away from my brother . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 he blinked his eyes and looked at me like he was just seeing me for the first time . 
 then he looked at sam , who was still gripping the back of his neck . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 blood was oozing down his arm , red ribbons of his life draining away and dripping into the grass beneath him . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he yelled , trying to pull away from sam . 
 `` gemma . '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` she can heal him . '' 
 i looked around past sam and cole to kimber who was standing there with this weird look on her face . 
 i knew instantly she 'd done something . 
 i was about to ask her where gemma was when i caught some movement and heard a thud . 
 i looked past kimber and to my left and there she was . 
 trapped in a giant bubble . 
 she was yelling and beating at it , trying to break free . 
 two daggers lay at her feet from failed attempts at getting out . 
 `` let her out ! '' 
 i screamed at kimber , jumping to my feet and going toward gemma . 
 `` she thinks he 's hers , '' kimber said coldly . 
 `` she has healing powers ! 
 she can heal cole . 
 that is if it 's not too late ! '' 
 i said , desperately . 
 kimber looked at cole who was still being restrained by sam , although needlessly because he looked like he was about to pass out . 
 kimber waved a hand and gemma fell forward , out of the bubble that was now gone . 
 she ran forward , not even looking at me or kimber and pushing sam out of the way . 
 she put one arm beneath cole 's shoulders and lifted him slightly off the ground as she sat , folding half his head and torso into her lap . 
 `` is this all i had to do to get you to touch me ? '' 
 cole said , his words slightly slurred . 
 gemma made a sound in her throat and then raised her hands over his chest . 
 kimber started forward , but i grabbed her by her perfect ponytail and jerked her backward . 
 `` i swear i will burn every last hair on your head off if you even breathe too deeply , '' i threatened . 
 no one else said a word as gemma 's hand emanated a soft golden glow that traveled down and covered cole 's chest and then spread out over his entire body , making him look like he was a nightlight in a dark hallway . 
 gemma 's head was bent over , her hair falling around their faces so i could n't see , but i heard her speak softly every so often . 
 `` is she chanting ? '' 
 i asked sam in hushed tones . 
 i knew he could hear everything . 
 he glanced at me . 
 `` no . '' 
 i nodded . 
 it was n't a stretch to realize she was probably telling him how much she loved him . 
 kimber made a sound and i glanced at her and she fell silent . 
 i do n't know how long we all stood there , waiting for gemma to stop , waiting for her to move and for us to see that cole was going to be fine . 
 i thought about the wild look in his eyes when he lunged at me , and i prayed her healing would somehow get rid of the infection that was no doubt spreading through his bloodstream like ants on a tossed away crumb . 
 when the healing glow died away , gemma hunched farther over cole , like she was so tired she could n't hold herself up , and they sat there like that for long , quiet minutes . 
 finally , my brother stirred . 
 his legs bent and then straightened out and the hand that had been uninjured reached out and buried itself in the hair on the back of gemma 's head . 
 she pulled back slightly to look at him , but he would n't let her go far . 
 i felt like a voyeur spying on a moment meant to be private when she lifted the hand that had been bitten and ran her fingers over the newly healed skin . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 she asked just loud enough so i could hear . 
 `` better than i have since the last time i held you . '' 
 she must have laughed because her back rose and fell . 
 `` technically , i 'm holding you . '' 
 `` even better . '' 
 `` let me see your eyes , '' she told him , tossing her head back , trying to flip her hair over her shoulder . 
 it did n't work so cole used his hand to sweep it up and away from her face . 
 it was a curtain lifted and we had front row seats to their show . 
 her face was slightly pale , but her cheeks were flushed . 
 she hunched herself around him in a way that was so protective i thought of a piece of glass guarded by a piece of steal . 
 but then i looked at cole and he was far from something as fragile as glass . 
 his chest , which had grown since the summer , spilled out of her small lap and he smiled with pleasure as his head reclined against her chest . 
 he had blood smeared on his cheek and his shirt , but you would never know he 'd just been injured seemingly beyond repair by the way he looked at her . 
 it was exact same look i 'd seen on sam 's face a dozen times before . 
 gemma tipped cole 's face up and leaned back to allow in more light and looked into his face , studying his eyes , which never once left her face . 
 she sighed in relief and so did i. `` i think you 're going to be okay . '' 
 `` it still hurts , '' he said . 
 her face fell and her forehead creased . 
 `` tell me where . '' 
 her hand began to run over his chest , down his arm , and toward the place where he 'd been bitten . 
 he caught her hand and brought it up to his chest . 
 `` here , '' he said , placing it over his heart . 
 he leaned up , closing the distance between their faces . 
 i was so drawn in by the way they acted together that only part of me heard kimber and her angry growl . 
 just as cole was about to kiss gemma , magic intervened . 
 kimber intervened . 
 gemma was ripped away from him and tossed a few feet away where she rolled across the ground and then lay for long seconds before pushing herself up off the ground . 
 cole rushed to her side , pulling her to her feet as she swayed a little . 
 `` you healed me too much . 
 you 're weak . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' gemma protested . 
 cole swung around to pin kimber with a seething look of anger and disgust . 
 `` after everything i 've done for you this is how you repay me ? '' 
 kimber narrowed her eyes . 
 `` if you think i 'll stand here and watch you make out with this-this fallen angel , then you do n't know me very well . '' 
 something in cole 's eyes went flat and he stepped away from gemma and toward kimber and me . 
 `` i know you plenty . 
 that 's exactly why i would much rather kiss this angel . '' 
 kimber gasped and her aura flared with hurt . 
 i have to admit after what she just pulled with gemma and not allowing her to heal cole , i did n't really feel bad for her . 
 `` an angel ? '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` if she was a real angel , then where are her wings ? '' 
 behind cole gemma gasped and he spun as the rest of us looked in her direction . 
 huge white wings burst out from behind her . 
 they were brilliant , with feathers that looked like the softest thing you could ever touch . 
 but that was n't what was so stunning . 
 what was more stunning was the look on gemma 's face . 
 if i 'd ever wondered if she missed her wings , i never would again . 
 she had this look of utter ... longing and thrill spilling over her face . 
 she looked behind her , reaching out to touch the downy feathers , a light gasp escaping her lips . 
 `` gems ? '' 
 cole breathed . 
 he was no doubt as stunned as i was by the way she looked . 
 she looked up at cole with the most beautiful expression i would ever see anyone wear . 
 `` is that what they looked like ? '' 
 kimber said nastily , breaking the hushed silence that had fallen over us all . 
 `` before they began to rot and die ? '' 
 before our eyes , the wings turned gray and began to crack , the feathers peeling away like old paint on a piece of wood . 
 gemma made a strangled sound and then shut her eyes against the sight . 
 cole lunged at kimber , grabbing her by the shoulders and shaking her so her head rolled around on her shoulders . 
 `` stop it right now . '' 
 and just like that the wings disappeared . 
 cole shoved kimber away and went to gemma 's side . 
 she stood there looking more naked and unveiled than ever . 
 `` hey . '' 
 cole reached out and touched her cheek . 
 the contact seemed to snap her out of whatever memory she was trapped in . 
 she blinked and pulled away from my brother and fixed her steely gray eyes on kimber . 
 `` you should have walked away when you had the chance . '' 
 `` bring it on , '' kimber said , stepping forward . 
 i gave sam a worried look and he frowned . 
 `` kimber , '' cole said with deep warning in his tone . 
 a dagger appeared in gemma 's hand and she sent it spiraling through the air right at kimber 's face . 
 just before impact it stopped midair and kimber smirked as it turned itself around and went barreling back toward the woman who launched it . 
 gemma dodged it with ease and came forward to take what i assume was a more hands-on approach with kimber . 
 kimber saw her coming and seemed to take a deep breath and pull energy from everything around us . 
 i almost felt the ground and air around us draining like a battery . 
 `` kimber , no ! '' 
 i cried , leaping forward just as kimber threw the swirling energy ball at gemma , who skidded to a stop and stared . 
 then cole was there yelling her name and shoving her out of the way . 
 gemma was n't hit . 
 but cole was . 
 he dropped out of the air and landed on his side , where he lay unmoving . 
 i do n't know who screamed louder , but we all raced to his side , gemma making it there before the rest of us , and she gently reached out and rolled him onto his side . 
 his eyes were closed . 
 his face was pallid . 
 gemma raised her hands above his chest as kimber wailed his name over and over again . 
 she tried to lunge at him , but i shoved her back , fury making my body shake . 
 `` do n't you dare even think of touching him or , so help me god , i will burn you where you stand . '' 
 her face paled as she stared at me . 
 `` i did n't mean - '' she began , but i turned my back , not the least interested in what she had to say . 
 we all stood there silently and watched as gemma healed my brother for the second time . 
 my heart slowed until i thought it might stop , but it did n't , and every single time it did beat , it felt like someone was sitting on my chest with a five hundred-pound weight . 
 we waited . 
 we waited . 
 and then gemma looked up at me , her eyes rimmed with red . 
 `` a very long time ago i learned the hardest thing i 've ever learned . '' 
 she fell silent and looked away . 
 then she looked back up at again . 
 `` it 's even harder now . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , my voice barely audible . 
 `` you ca n't heal someone who 's already dead . '' 
 kimber began to wail , falling to her knees , trying to crawl toward cole , reaching for him . 
 `` do n't touch him ! '' 
 i screamed , and then sam was lifting her away , carrying her out of my sight . 
 i stood over my brother , who gemma just announced to be dead , and heard nothing but a buzzing in my ears and saw nothing but grief that was so all-encompassing i thought i might die too . 
 gemma laid her head on cole 's chest and did something i thought i 'd never see . 
 she cried . 
 and as she lay across him , i prayed she 'd cry harder , that she would cry for both of us , because i could n't . 
 the tears would n't come . 
 all i could do was stand there . 
 all i could was stand there and stare ... at my brother ... my dead brother . 
 chapter twenty-one heven how do you say good-bye to someone who was supposed to live as long as you ? 
 how do you sit at a funeral and listen to a priest talk in past tense about someone who is still so vividly alive in your head ? 
 i could n't . 
 i got up in the middle of listening to what was supposed to be an uplifting , comforting sermon about cole and i walked out of the heavy double doors , not even glancing once at any of the stares i drew . 
 these people had no idea . 
 they had no idea of the damage death had done to my life . 
 they had no idea what the aftermath was for someone who 'd lost every single one of their family members except for one . 
 one that now sat in the church , hunched at sam 's side , with tissues fisted in both hands . 
 the cold air was a blast to my face when i finally made it outside , but i barely noticed as i went down the church steps and wandered to the middle of the parking lot . 
 i stopped and turned , looked up , and stared at the figure sitting on the roof . 
 she was dressed in black-black coat , black jeans , and black leather boots that came to her knees . 
 her face was unnaturally white against all that dark , and i realized she looked exactly as i felt . 
 drained . 
 drained of all feeling and life . 
 when she saw me staring at her , she stood and went down the back sloping part of the roof and jumped out of sight . 
 i wandered back to the steps and sat down , pulling my coat a little closer around me . 
 i looked up at the gray cloudless sky and i wondered if cole was watching us . 
 gemma appeared and she sat down next to me , saying nothing . 
 being next to her comforted me because i felt like my brother left part of himself here and that part now resided inside gemma . 
 slowly , i leaned down until my head was resting on her shoulder . 
 she did n't try to pull away and so we sat there , staring out at the empty cars and not speaking . 
 after a while she broke the silence . 
 `` i 'm really glad he got a funeral . 
 the last time ... '' her voice broke and she was silent a moment before continuing . 
 `` when callum died i could n't tell anyone . 
 i had to bury him there in the forest and no one could give him the good-bye he deserved . '' 
 `` my brother did n't deserve this . '' 
 `` i 'm going to kill her . '' 
 it was n't a threat . 
 it was n't a question or a hope . 
 it was a fact . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` he was wrong , '' she said after a while . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` he told me it was n't over between us . 
 he told me he was going to prove it to me . '' 
 i heard her swallow , the saliva in her mouth scratching down her throat . 
 `` i really wanted him to . '' 
 i put my arm around her , pulling her a little closer to my side . 
 `` part of me is so sorry . 
 so sorry i had n't just given in and had a little time with him . 
 but the other part of me , the other part is glad because i know he 's in heaven and he wo n't be punished because of me . '' 
 i was n't sure what i thought about gemma and cole 's relationship , but i guess it did n't matter now because they would never get the chance to see . 
 `` i 'm leaving for a while , '' gemma told me . 
 `` i wish you would stay . '' 
 `` i ca n't stay here . 
 here is ... him . '' 
 i understood that . 
 it was the same reason sam did n't want to sleep in the room he thought of as logan 's . 
 `` but you 'll be back ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 unfinished business . '' 
 by that i knew she meant kimber . 
 i did n't try to talk her out of it . 
 kimber meant nothing to me . 
 a hazy memory from the past . 
 she was just someone i used to know . 
 `` you 'll always be my family . 
 my sister . '' 
 `` you 'll always be mine , '' she replied . 
 a few moments passed by and then the giant bell on top of the church began to ring . 
 gemma got up and walked away without looking back . 
 i wondered when i would see her again . 
 * * * it was nearly a week after cole died . 
 nearly a week after i dialed 9-1-1 and the paramedics came to the farm , announced him dead on arrival , and zipped a body bag over his face . 
 it was nearly a week ago today that the doctor came out and told a waiting room full of devastated people that cole had suffered a heart attack likely from a preexisting heart condition that no one ever knew he had . 
 his mother had looked at me then from across the room , her eyes piercing me until everything else around us fell away and all i could hear was her silent accusation . 
 you . 
 you did this . 
 my baby is dead because of you . 
 sharp , stinging pain brought me out of my thoughts and i looked down at the slice in my finger . 
 blood welled to the surface and i stuck my finger in my mouth because i 'd rather do that than see the blood . 
 i 'd seen too much bloodshed already . 
 the half-peeled apple lay discarded in my lap as i stared out into the sky-the sky that promised snow . 
 a pair of feet appeared in my line of site and i looked up , blinking at riley like he might be a mirage . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 `` hey , '' i replied , pulling the finger out of my mouth and putting it in my lap . 
 he sat down next to me . 
 `` where 's sam ? '' 
 `` work . '' 
 `` it 's cold out here . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` as soon as i listened to your message i came . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` cole , huh ? '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` that sucks , '' he said and put his arm around my shoulders . 
 i felt the cold that he mentioned then . 
 he was so warm that everything around us seemed frigid . 
 i leaned into him a little farther . 
 `` are n't you going to make some sarcastic remark ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not today . '' 
 we sat there for a while and then he pulled away , took the knife and the half-peeled apple from my lap , and began where i left off . 
 i watched him for a minute and then he glanced at me . 
 the dark ends of his hair curled around his neck and hung over his ears . 
 from this close i could see the deep cobalt that made up his eyes . 
 `` i wish i could see your aura . '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` no , you do n't . '' 
 `` you 're different . '' 
 `` different how ? '' 
 `` hell 's changed you . '' 
 `` hell 's changed us all . '' 
 and with his words i knew he saw the way we all suffered . 
 he felt what we 'd been through , too . 
 he just hid what he saw behind sarcasm and jokes . 
 `` but it 's different for you . 
 you 've changed for the better . 
 how has hell changed you in a good way , riley ? '' 
 `` i have n't changed for the better , '' he told me , his glance sliding away . 
 `` you 're just upset . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 but my being upset has never changed how i looked at you before . '' 
 `` touche , '' he quipped . 
 i gave him a light shove and he smiled . 
 `` i like you , riley stone . '' 
 `` you 'd be the first . '' 
 `` i thought the ladies loved you . '' 
 i joked . 
 something around him changed , just slightly . 
 was this about a girl ? 
 `` most of them , '' he replied , concentrating on the new apple in his hands . 
 `` most ? '' 
 `` some girls are just too good for a guy like me . '' 
 he said it lightly , but i heard the weight behind his words . 
 `` i do n't believe that , '' i said , bumping my shoulder into his . 
 he did n't reply and i got the feeling he was done talking about it , but i was n't ready to let it go . 
 i was about to push for more when a car pulled up to the house . 
 i stiffened so riley did too , looking up sharply at the visitor . 
 he grunted when he saw who it was , but when i did n't relax , he glanced at me and then back to kimber climbing out of her new car , still as shiny as the day she bought it . 
 i wrapped my hand around the muscle just above riley 's elbow as if he would anchor me and keep me from clawing out her eyes . 
 `` heven , we need to talk , '' kimber said , stopping in front of her car and looking at me . 
 her hair was limp , her skin was pale , and she was actually wearing a dreaded pair of sweatpants . 
 `` get off my property before i make you , '' i said , low . 
 riley looked at me sharply . 
 `` does n't she live here ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 kimber 's lower lip wavered and it made me angry . 
 `` i would never hurt him . '' 
 i felt my nails dig into riley 's arm . 
 `` you have to know that , heven . 
 i loved him . 
 more than anything . '' 
 the grass beneath her feet suddenly caught on fire . 
 she jumped backward and glared at me . 
 so i lit the new patch under her feet too . 
 she jumped back . 
 the fire followed . 
 this went on until the yard looked like it was full of polka dots . 
 `` want to fill me in here ? '' 
 riley murmured out of the side of his mouth . 
 `` she killed my brother . '' 
 this seemed to shock riley and he looked at kimber who was finally getting a break from flame hopping . 
 `` her ? '' 
 he said , pointing at kimber . 
 `` yes , her , '' i snapped . 
 `` it was an accident , '' she implored . 
 `` okay , she was trying to kill gemma and cole got in the way , '' i said through clenched teeth . 
 the bush near the house went up in flames . 
 `` oookay , time for you to go , red . '' 
 riley got up and went over to kimber , grabbing her by the arm and forcing her toward her car . 
 `` i want to explain , '' she told riley . 
 `` clearly no one here wants to hear it . 
 leave or become barbeque . '' 
 he shoved her into her car and shut her door against whatever she was saying . 
 the fire in the bush grew larger by the second . 
 heven ? 
 sam said , no doubt picking up on my stirring emotions . 
 kimber was here . 
 how much damage ? 
 not nearly enough , i replied as i watched her drive away . 
 beside me riley was putting out the fire with a nearby fire extinguisher . 
 i 'll be home soon . 
 i 'll be waiting . 
 riley dropped the red can at his feet . 
 `` this happen often ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` how about instead of lighting anything else on fire , you go make me a pie with these apples ? '' 
 he looked so hopeful i smiled . 
 `` there it is , '' he said . 
 `` why are you here , riley ? '' 
 i asked , still smiling . 
 `` you called . '' 
 `` that 's it ? 
 no sign of beelzebub ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 he 's still here on earth , causing trouble . '' 
 i glanced back to where kimber had driven away . 
 earth did n't need beelzebub around to make trouble . 
 it seemed we humans made enough on our own . 
 the truth was he 'd been very quiet . 
 i had n't seen or heard from him since that day at the school . 
 `` i want those souls released , riley . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` no , i want them released now . 
 as soon as possible . '' 
 `` as soon as we can find them - '' he began , but i made a sound , cutting him off . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' i started . 
 `` i 'm tired , riley . 
 i 'm tired of people dying . 
 i 'm tired of hurting , of wondering . 
 i 'm tired of knowing my mother is suffering . 
 i 'm going to find those souls . 
 i 'm going to do it soon and then beelzebub and hecate wo n't be able to hurt us anymore . '' 
 i did n't realize i 'd been crying until riley wiped a tear off my cheek and rubbed it on his jeans . 
 `` let 's do this , '' he said . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 heven in a strange way the death of my brother was a motivator . 
 i wanted time to grieve , time to really mourn the people we 'd lost . 
 i realized i would never truly be able to have that until this was over and beelzebub was too busy trying to build up his power source -lrb- stolen souls -rrb- to come after me and my loved ones anymore . 
 i wanted to hide . 
 i wanted to dig out one of those oversized hoodies i used to wear , comb my hair over my face , and stay inside alone , but that was n't an option anymore . 
 i was past that . 
 i knew that was n't the answer . 
 the only way i was going to truly get my life back , to truly have the time and space i desperately wanted to grieve , was to fight . 
 so fight i would . 
 today was the day . 
 today was the day we were going into hell and i was going to find those souls no matter what it took . 
 i owed it to myself and to my mother . 
 my mother and i had a complicated relationship the final year of her life and the hurtful things she said to me before she died still rang in my ears . 
 i probably would n't ever forget the way she hurt me . 
 but that had only been a small piece of our time together . 
 for almost my entire life she did nothing but love me and my father . 
 i do n't know what happened to her before i was born , before my dad came into her life . 
 i do n't know the path she walked on or the choices she was forced to make , but i did know whatever those choices were , they probably were n't easy . 
 i knew better than anyone that sometimes the choices we make are n't always the best ones , but in certain moments there are limited choices that a person can make . 
 sometimes those we have to choose from are n't what we want , so we pick the one we can live with most and then we pray it turns out okay . 
 i guess in the end things did n't turn out okay for her . 
 but if she had n't made the choice she did , she might not have had all those wonderful years with me and dad . 
 that was something . 
 was n't it ? 
 i thought so . 
 i also thought she deserved for me to remember some of the good times we had together and not just the bad . 
 and that 's what brought me here , to the house we used to live in . 
 with a heavy sigh i taped closed another box and stacked it in the corner , then sank onto the bed . 
 i took a moment to look around the bare walls and empty closet . 
 the mattress dipped when sam sat beside me , hooking his arm around my waist and pulling me into his side . 
 `` we 're not going to get it all done today . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i want to empty out the desk . 
 then we can go . '' 
 `` we already have a heavy day planned , hev . 
 do n't push yourself . '' 
 `` i know , but after the desk , this room will be finished . '' 
 i got up and went to the small desk against the wall . 
 cleaning out my mom 's house was n't something i ever thought about doing . 
 sure , i knew the day would come , but i always thought i 'd be much , much older . 
 we still had most of the house to box up , but i wanted to get her bedroom done , her most personal space out of the way . 
 this was the most difficult room for me and i figured the sooner i got it done the better . 
 i began putting all her office supplies in a box and then all the papers and books she worked on for the church in a separate one so i could take it to the church office sometime next week . 
 sam was there beside me , cleaning out the three side drawers , labeling and sorting . 
 `` i think we should call it a day , '' sam said , not too much later . 
 `` we can come back for the boxes tomorrow . 
 there probably wo n't be any school then , either . '' 
 `` i never even got the chance to ask gemma about some kind of cure for the students , '' i murmured . 
 they were all still sick and being treating for an illness no one could diagnose . 
 as far as i could tell from the news , not that many more new cases had occurred so at least it did n't seem to be spreading , but no one was getting better , either . 
 `` hev . '' 
 sam grabbed my wrist . 
 i stared at the contrast between his skin and mine . 
 he was golden and warm looking , while i was much more pale and cool looking . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 i nodded , but then i noticed something i had n't before . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i asked , focusing on a small box sitting on the desk . 
 he looked down at it . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it was in the very back of the bottom drawer . 
 i figured you would know . '' 
 `` i 've never seen that box before . '' 
 it was just a plain box , really , the size of a small shoebox and entirely black . 
 it had a small silver lock hanging off the latch . 
 `` is there a key ? '' 
 `` did n't see one , '' he replied . 
 instead of searching for the key , he reached out and gave the lock a great tug and it broke in his grip . 
 why would my mother keep a box with a lock on it ? 
 what could possibly be inside that was worth locking away ? 
 i 'd already gone through all her jewelry and gran had already gotten all her important papers . 
 i pulled back the lid and looked inside . 
 surprise flickered through me . 
 `` it 's just pictures . '' 
 `` pictures ? '' 
 sam asked , looking down . 
 i reached into the box and grabbed the handful of pictures and sat in the wooden desk chair . 
 `` whoa , '' i said as i thumbed through them . 
 sam leaned over my shoulder to see . 
 `` is that your mom ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said incredulously . 
 `` she 's so young here ... and different . '' 
 she could n't have been more than my age in these photographs and she was very beautiful with her long , glossy hair and petite frame . 
 but my mother had always been beautiful so that was n't the surprising thing . 
 what was surprising was how she was dressed and what she was doing in the pictures . 
 she was dressed all in black-black jeans , black boots , t-shirt , and even a black leather jacket . 
 she had on a lot of eye makeup , which included heavy black eyeliner . 
 but that was n't the most shocking thing . 
 nope . 
 the most shocking was that she was sitting on the back of a harley davidson motorcycle . 
 the guy sitting on the front was n't my dad . 
 `` you 're mom was a biker chick ? '' 
 sam asked dubiously . 
 `` no . '' 
 i protested even as i stared at the truth in my hands . 
 `` i mean , this must have been before i was born . '' 
 the other pictures were a lot like this one , all of them featuring my mother dressed in black with some dark-headed guy that was n't my dad . 
 there were other kids too , all of them dressed similarly . 
 in some of the pictures they were smoking and drinking beer . 
 a few were taken at night around a bonfire . 
 `` this is so not the mother i knew . '' 
 `` well , gran said the first night they met her she was different than how you knew her , '' sam said . 
 as if to prove his point , i looked at the final picture in the stack . 
 it could n't have been taken much later the other shots because my mother looked the same age except she 'd traded in her scary biker look for a fresh face with no makeup and plain jeans and a t-shirt . 
 my dad was in the picture , standing next to her with his arm around her waist and smiling his charming smile . 
 `` weird , '' i said and put the pictures back inside the box . 
 why would she keep these ? 
 clearly she did n't want everyone to see them or they would n't be hidden in a drawer in a locked box . 
 if she was that embarrassed about her teenage years , why not just throw them away ? 
 i could n't imagine my mother as a biker , partier kind of girl . 
 she 'd always been the kind of woman who kept to herself and was involved in the church . 
 now , granted , she did n't become obsessed with the church until after my dad died , but i always figured it was her way of dealing with her grief . 
 i puzzled for long moments over the box and the photos , about the parts of my mother that were a mystery . 
 but the only conclusion i could come to was i would never truly know those parts of her life because she was dead . 
 the only family i had left now was gran . 
 with a sigh i picked up the lid to close up the box of unanswered questions . 
 i wondered what sam kept as a reminder of his old life , the life before he turned into a hellhound and was cast out of his home . 
 nothing , he replied , answering my unspoken question . 
 my true life did n't start until i met you . 
 i leaned up and pressed a soft kiss to his lips and then picked up the box with the remnants of my mother 's past and placed it in one of the cardboard boxes we 'd already packed . 
 `` i think that 's it . 
 you ready to go ? '' 
 `` i 'm starving , '' sam said , glancing at his watch . 
 `` let 's go get a pizza . 
 then it will be time to meet riley at the portal . '' 
 we both hefted a couple boxes -lrb- okay , sam grabbed like four and i took one -rrb- and headed downstairs . 
 when sam was out on the front walkway , i remembered i left my purse in the kitchen and rushed back inside to grab it . 
 the house was almost dark , as the sun had gone down quite a while ago and the only light in the kitchen was filtering in from the back porch light that was left on . 
 having lived here i was comfortable moving around without the lights , and i remembered exactly where i left my purse . 
 it was still lying beside the kitchen sink . 
 i dropped the box on the island and grabbed up the bag , slinging it over my shoulder , and turned back for the box . 
 a noise , kind of a groaning sound , came from behind and i turned , peering over the box . 
 it was coming from the sink , more specifically , the faucet . 
 i watched as the silver spigot began vibrating and humming , the groaning becoming louder . 
 before i could do anything , something like electric blue smoke began pouring out . 
 i thought water only came out of faucets . 
 i took a step back only to bump into the island . 
 the blue smoke/mist went over the side of the sink and poured down onto the floor where it began to take shape . 
 the shape of a demon . 
 i threw the box at it and watched in mild surprise as the box went right through it . 
 this was a first . 
 most demons i fought were solid . 
 how was i going to kick its butt if my fist went right through it ? 
 sam ! 
 there 's a demon . 
 not even two seconds later sam burst through the front room and came racing into the kitchen where the demon and i were staring each other down . 
 it had n't made one move toward me , even after i threw the box at it . 
 it just stood there grinning . 
 the hair on the back of my neck stood . 
 move back , heven . 
 put some distance between you and it . 
 it was an ugly demon , its entire body that electric blue color and its feet hooved . 
 it had white hair and a white goatee , once again reminding me of a goat . 
 it also had very large , curled horns protruding from its forehead and large pointy teeth . 
 i took a step to the side , trying to get around the island , but my movement seemed to break whatever was holding the demon back . 
 it made this strange sound and opened its mouth wide . 
 i mean , like , half its face stretched and became a carnivorous gaping hole . 
 i braced myself for a sucking wind and a pull , but that did n't happen . 
 instead , a blue mist , exactly like what came out of the sink , rushed out and wrapped around my body . 
 it did n't hurt , but it tingled . 
 it made me feel itchy , like a million little bugs were racing over my skin . 
 and then everything seemed to happen in fast-forward . 
 sam rushed the demon , leaping over the island . 
 but instead of landing on it , he was held in midair , wrapped in the same blue fog that held me . 
 i tried to reach out to him , but i could n't . 
 i felt weak and small ... so small . 
 the demon began turning back into the mist and rushing back up into the faucet , pulling me along with him . 
 there was no way i 'd fit inside a spigot . 
 but i did . 
 and i was getting farther away from sam , farther away from the kitchen . 
 `` sam ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 he roared my name and fought against the blue mist that somehow turned to concrete around him , trapping him . 
 and then i was gone and there was nothing but darkness . 
 chapter twenty-two sam i hit the floor with a sharp slap the second the blue mist disappeared . 
 i scrambled to my feet and went to the sink , grabbing the faucet and ripping out the counter where it was attached . 
 i looked at the spout . 
 i looked at the long hose connected to the bottom of it . 
 i even looked under the sink inside the cabinet . 
 there was nothing . 
 i screamed and threw the faucet . 
 it crashed through the nearby window , the hose still hanging inside . 
 what the hell just happened ? 
 i 'd never , not once in all my experience with hell and demons , seen anything like that . 
 that demon was different . 
 it was stronger than the rest . 
 it had abilities i was n't suspecting . 
 it had heven . 
 heven ! 
 i shouted through our mindbond . 
 when she did n't answer i yelled again . 
 a strange feeling seemed to seep into me . 
 it started from the very center of me and spread , pushing through my limbs and numbing my brain . 
 what was i thinking again ? 
 i looked at the broken window and busted sink . 
 my mind was so still , so quiet and empty . 
 then an image formed in my head . 
 it pushed out everything else , taking all my attention . 
 it was the picture of heven 's mind , exactly as i remembered it from when i 'd gone in and broken beelzebub 's threads . 
 as i watched , the thread i knew was hers and mine came into view . 
 it was strong and sturdy , a shimmering gold in the dark . 
 it snapped in half . 
 the shimmering gold faded to a dull , lifeless color . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried . 
 but it was too late . 
 the bond was broken . 
 i fell to my knees , blinking away the awful vision . 
 it was n't possible . 
 mindbonds did n't break . 
 ever . 
 unless death separated the bonded . 
 heven was n't dead . 
 she was n't . 
 from my knees i looked back up at the ripped apart faucet . 
 i hunched forward and threw up between my hands . 
 everything in my head felt scrambled . 
 death . 
 broken . 
 gone . 
 the words pounded through me like the frantic beating of a heart . 
 i tried to think , to form a coherent thought , but it was so hard , so hard to hold onto my words and then put them together to form sentences . 
 heven is gone . 
 dead . 
 bond broken . 
 insane . 
 mindbonds were n't meant to be broken . 
 when a bonded person died , the one left would slowly go insane ... my head snapped up . 
 i could feel the lightning gold whipping through my eyes . 
 anger like no other coursed through me and i pushed to my feet , my hands balled into fists . 
 beelzebub did this . 
 he finally succeeded in taking her away . 
 all that time we thought he had a reason for not coming after her , it was all just a game . 
 a way to get us to drop our guard . 
 soon , very soon , i would be completely incoherent and my life would be over too . 
 until then ... i was no longer bound to any honor code . 
 all the control , the twisted parts of me that i contained ... unleashed . 
 heven it was dark here . 
 and cold . 
 i had no idea how much time had passed or how long i 'd spent here . 
 everything around me , inside me , felt empty . 
 it was a far worse feeling than pain . 
 something was missing , something vital . 
 i looked to my left , not really able to make out anything because it was so , so dark , but i could hear something . 
 a solitary sound . 
 something dripping . 
 it was a slow drip , not really a drip , more like a plop , plop , plop , but slow , so agonizingly slow . 
 focus . 
 something was missing ... what was it ? 
 why could n't i hold on to a single thought ? 
 why was it so quiet here ? 
 i was n't used to quiet ... quiet . 
 i gasped . 
 horror spread through my limbs . 
 i knew what was missing . 
 i knew why i felt so empty . 
 sam . 
 when he did n't answer , i said it again . 
 over and over i reached out through our mindbond , but not once did he answer . 
 my mindbond with sam was gone . 
 plop ... plop ... plop . 
 i began to whimper . 
 riley even though i could n't see the island , i knew i was nearing it . 
 everything in my body , including the tension coiled within my shoulders , began to ease . 
 just the thought of being this close to her was enough to lift a hundred-pound weight off my shoulders . 
 i did n't like the fact that she affected me this way , that i was running here for peace , but i had to . 
 before stepping through the glamour , i turned and glanced over my shoulders one last time , making certain i had n't been followed . 
 nothing and no one moved . 
 there was n't even the hint of a sound . 
 everything was still . 
 i turned back and a few more steps brought me through the glamour , and my eyes automatically began tearing , adjusting to the new brightness . 
 everything here was so different than the place i now called home . 
 a loose term , really because i did n't really have a home . 
 maybe i should say it 's the place i was now inhabiting . 
 i blinked and pushed aside those thoughts while taking in the island . 
 everyone called it the ` island of life ' and i guess i could see why . 
 there was n't anything here that looked even wilted . 
 the grass was a shade of green so brilliant i was certain the shade did n't even exist up on earth . 
 the sky was impossibly blue , which looked even more blue against the fluffy white clouds dotting the sky . 
 there was a breeze blowing here , always , because of the closeness to the ocean . 
 ocean that just beyond this glamour was thick and sludge-like , black and crawling with death . 
 but not here . 
 here it was the purest shade of turquoise with white sand and foamy white waves that crashed rhythmically against the sides of the island , lulling everything here into a soft cadence . 
 i found the bag i kept at the edge of the sand and quickly pulled on a pair of jeans and a plain black t-shirt . 
 my hair was wet from the ocean and drops of water kept slipping into my eyes and i brushed them away as i walked away from the sea and toward ana 's cottage , which was still a slight distance away . 
 the grass here was long , brushing against my calves as i walked . 
 i kept my gaze on the house and its pale stone exterior and glossy large windows . 
 i wondered what ana was doing , where i would find her today . 
 i did n't see her outside tending to the ever-blooming , never-fading purple flowers that flourished around the house . 
 i did n't see her by the sea , staring out at the expanse of water as her silky strands of hair floated around her face . 
 maybe she was inside , in the kitchen , cooking up whatever that stuff is she always makes that tastes so good . 
 the french doors opened and ana stepped out . 
 i felt my lips curl into a smile , thinking to raise my hand when she looked my way . 
 how had she known i 'd be here ? 
 but she did n't look my way . 
 her eyes did n't even flicker in my direction . 
 she turned back toward the door and watched as someone came out behind her . 
 i stopped in my tracks and stared at the man . 
 an angel . 
 he was tall and muscular , his body looking like it was carved from granite . 
 there was n't a mark or flaw anywhere on his skin , which was golden and glistening like he lived in the sun . 
 he wore no shirt , only a pair of jeans . 
 his hair was blond and long enough to be pulled into a ponytail at the base of his neck . 
 it was n't these things that told me he was an angel . 
 what told me that were his wings . 
 they were enormous , white and pristine . 
 they appeared softer than anything i 'd ever seen before . 
 i hated him instantly , violently . 
 my hands curled into fists at my sides and my nails dug into my flesh . 
 i watched in disgust as the angel stood in front of ana , who had to crane her neck just to see the man 's face . 
 he smiled down at her and reached out , grasping her hands . 
 i wanted to pluck every single one of those snow-white feathers from his wings . 
 his lips moved and he spoke softly , rapidly . 
 i tried to hear what he said , but the wind carried his words in another direction . 
 ana nodded and then the angel walked forward and spread his massive white wings and flew off . 
 he did n't look back once . 
 ana stood there and watched him fly away , never once looking away from the sky , even after the angel was gone . 
 was she sorry he was gone ? 
 anger , swift and hot , burned through my veins . 
 all the ease i felt upon my arrival vanished . 
 she 'd lied to me . 
 she said no one ever came here . 
 she said she knew no one . 
 i covered what was left of the distance between us in seconds , coming to stand just behind her . 
 still , she did n't turn . 
 it was the first time she did n't acknowledge my presence , for surely she knew i was right behind her . 
 was she now sickened at the presence of me-a hellhound-and hoping her angel would n't see me ? 
 `` ana , '' i said , my voice hard and cold , my fingers flexed with the need to grab her and spin her to face me . 
 she stiffened , her shoulders going tense and her indrawn breath suspended in the air between us . 
 even with her surprise , which seemed suspicious , she did n't turn to face me . 
 pissed off , i gave in and grabbed her wrist , pulling her around . 
 i was about to say something harsh when i caught a glimpse of her face . 
 her chin was wobbling and those crystal-clear green eyes were liquid with unshed tears . 
 i was n't prepared for tears . 
 for this . 
 never once in all my time here had i ever seen even one hint of unhappiness , one hint of sorrow . 
 to think of her this way shifted my anger away from her and refocused it , ten times stronger , onto whatever put that look in her eyes . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 anna looked up at me , blinking back the worst of her tears . 
 `` that was lorn . '' 
 i blew out a breath and my fingers dug into her arm . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` he 's my match . '' 
 just then a large wave crashed against the shoreline bordering her house , a deafening sound that seemed to shove her words at me even more forcefully . 
 i dropped her arm like i 'd been burned . 
 i did n't know for sure what that meant , but i was n't stupid . 
 `` your match ? '' 
 i yelled as another wave crashed . 
 this time drops of sea water sprinkled my arms . 
 ana looked out at the water , her wheat-colored hair whipping back from her pink cheeks . 
 i followed her gaze to note the sea was more stirred up than usual and i wondered if what she felt caused the change . 
 frustrated and angry , i grabbed her arm and towed her toward the house . 
 she came , stumbling a bit , but i did n't slow . 
 when i slammed the glass door behind us , it rattled , but i did n't care as i towed her into the great room . 
 the house looked as it always looked : welcoming and peaceful . 
 yet i did n't feel welcomed . 
 i felt pushed away . 
 the scent of her mouthwatering cooking wafted from the kitchen and for once my stomach did n't grumble . 
 it revolted . 
 i released her and stalked over toward the fireplace , staring down at the logs stacked neatly in the hearth . 
 i heard her draw in an uneven breath and glanced her way . 
 she was smoothing her windswept hair away from her face . 
 she appeared composed , but i knew better . 
 i could smell her unease . 
 `` i did n't think you would be by today , '' she said , lifting her eyes to me . 
 i turned away . 
 `` how upsetting to get caught in a lie . '' 
 `` i did n't lie to you . '' 
 the way her voice stayed calm and level only fueled my anger . 
 `` you told me you were pure , that you had to remain pure for the island , for the glamour and the magic to work . '' 
 like a fool , i believed her . 
 when , really , she lied because she could n't stand the thought of being near me . 
 `` that is the truth . '' 
 a low growl ripped through my throat . 
 she would lie , even now , even after she 'd been caught . 
 my insides felt tight and all my muscles shook with my effort to control myself . 
 she was n't what i thought . 
 i 'd been stupid . 
 without looking back i went for the door , bolting past the fireplace to reach out and grasp the handle , yanking the door open . 
 i would never come back here again . 
 `` i only just met him today , '' ana said , her voice a little less calm than before . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i turned . 
 `` you seemed familiar to me . '' 
 she did n't seem to hear my crude remark and she walked over to the overstuffed aqua couch and sank into the corner . 
 `` i 'd been told this day would come . 
 i was told it was something to rejoice . '' 
 she looked up at me , spearing me with those brilliant green eyes . 
 `` why do n't i feel that way ? '' 
 my hand slid from the handle of the door and it swung shut . 
 i stood there wondering what kind of game she was playing . 
 `` i never lied to you , riley . '' 
 her voice always made my name sound like something it was n't . 
 like something someone actually liked . 
 `` i am pure . 
 i am to remain pure until my match arrives ... '' her voice fell away and so did her stare . 
 she looked down at the colorful braided rug covering the wooden floors . 
 `` what does he have to do with anything ? '' 
 `` before i was the keeper here , my mother was and her mother before that , and so on . 
 i wo n't live forever , riley . 
 my daughter will take over for me someday . '' 
 `` your daughter , '' i said , working the words around in my head . 
 without realizing it , i stepped into the room , closer to her and farther from the door . 
 as i moved , my thoughts aligned and fierce realization dawned . 
 `` you ... you 're supposed to have a daughter with him ? '' 
 `` yes , he was chosen to ... '' her words fell away . 
 `` to have sex with you ! '' 
 i roared . 
 she did n't look at me , but she gave a small nod . 
 my hand closed around the closest thing near me , the vase of wildflowers on the mantle , and i hurled it through the air . 
 it hit the wall and shattered , glass and water flying everywhere . 
 my chest heaved as i looked for something else to throw . 
 my hand closed over the logs in the hearth and i launched one through the air . 
 it hit the wall with a sickening thud . 
 `` you 've been saving yourself for him , '' i spat . 
 `` for an angel . '' 
 `` i was n't saving myself , '' she said , seemingly unruffled by my anger . 
 `` i was remaining pure for the island . 
 for the magic . 
 it 's what i was made for . '' 
 `` so you do n't get a say ? 
 he 's just going to come back here and stay until you ... you get pregnant . '' 
 an image of her holding a slightly rounded belly and smiling drew me up short . 
 i jerked like i 'd been slapped . 
 `` it 's only one time . 
 it only takes once . '' 
 i stared at her , my anger actually dying away until i felt numb inside . 
 `` so what ? 
 he comes here and you ... you let him touch you ... and then he leaves you here , he leaves his kid here , and he never comes back ? '' 
 `` i will raise my daughter and someday she will be the keeper of the island . '' 
 i never thought of myself as good . 
 i always knew my views were skewed , but the thoughts i was having ... made me wonder if maybe there was n't any goodness in me at all . 
 maybe i 'd been in hell too long , because suddenly , unflinchingly , i hated heaven . 
 how could a place like that , a place that claimed to be good and light , make this innocent woman live isolated on an island her entire life ? 
 how could they choose her path so clearly and not allow her the freedom of choice ? 
 how could they send that freaking white-winged ... pansy to have sex with her ? 
 she was not his . 
 i wanted her . 
 i felt as if i was being sucked into a vortex with the realization . 
 sure , i 'd always been attracted to her . 
 i was attracted to practically any female . 
 and i liked her-she smelled good and she always fed me and she was nice . 
 but that is n't why i came here to the island . 
 was it ? 
 i came here for the peace , for the color and the break from being in a place too bleak and empty . 
 i was n't much of a man , but the emptiness had a way of taking what i was piece by piece . 
 i looked out the window at the crashing waves and the brilliant sky . 
 everything was perfect . 
 it was n't this perfection that had kept me coming back . 
 it was her . 
 she was n't mine . 
 i turned away from the window . 
 she was no longer sitting on the couch , but standing , looking at me . 
 `` this is my duty . 
 this is why i am here . '' 
 `` do you want him ? '' 
 i had to force the vile words from my lips . 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 i rushed across the room and grabbed her arms to shake her . 
 `` do you want him ? '' 
 `` no , '' she whispered , the single word breaking in shame . 
 i pulled her against me , wrapping my arms around her like vices , unwilling to let her go . 
 i laid my cheek against the top of her head and breathed in . 
 her scent was so clean and light . 
 her arms wound around my waist and she pressed her face farther into my chest , and i found myself wishing i had n't put on a shirt . 
 i would give anything for her skin to touch mine . 
 i pulled her back , cupping her face in my hands and staring down . 
 `` i 'll take you away from here . '' 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 no ? 
 `` you said - '' `` i know what i said , but it does n't change anything . 
 i have to do this . '' 
 my fingers flexed , digging into her scalp . 
 she reached up and grabbed my wrists . 
 `` i wo n't allow it . '' 
 i growled . 
 `` it is n't your choice . '' 
 she tried to pull back , but i held tight and kept her close . 
 emotions pummeled me and left me raw . 
 i did n't want to want her like this . 
 i pushed my face in close , breaking that barrier of space that was always between us . 
 i heard her heartbeat pick up . 
 i knew she was affected by this . 
 by me . 
 `` what about you ? 
 what 's your choice ? '' 
 her eyes fluttered but then refocused and looked into me . 
 `` i do n't get a choice . '' 
 i kissed her . 
 i crushed my lips against hers and pulled her close , wrapping myself around her . 
 she struggled , tried to push me away , but her struggles were halfhearted and died the instant my hand ran the length of her back . 
 she made a sound and then her fingers were threading through my hair , and her lips began to move beneath mine . 
 chills prickled my scalp and i groaned , shifting , moving , trying to get closer . 
 i could n't get close enough . 
 the space between us seemed canyons wide . 
 i demanded she open for me , my tongue sweeping into her mouth , exploring every last possible place within her . 
 i wanted her . 
 she was n't mine . 
 my blood boiled as i kissed her again and again and i lifted her off the ground , her legs blissfully wrapping themselves around my waist . 
 she pulled back , her eyes wide and unfocused , her breathing ragged and shallow . 
 her lips were swollen and her cheeks were flushed . 
 without thinking , i pressed a single , light kiss to her lips and pulled back , looking in her eyes once more . 
 her hand unwound from my hair and ran along my jaw until the pad of her thumb brushed my bottom lip . 
 i lowered my lips again , but she drew back . 
 `` do n't kiss me again . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i must remain pure . 
 i. . . 
 i. . . '' 
 `` you still choose him ? '' 
 i asked incredulously . 
 did that kiss not affect her the way it did me ? 
 `` i told you . 
 i do n't have a choice . '' 
 anger burned through me once again . 
 i felt its white hot flames licking my veins . 
 i felt my eyes narrow . 
 `` what if i take that choice away right now ? '' 
 a few steps took me to the couch where i laid her , covering her body with mine . 
 at first she seemed distracted by the weight of my body , the feel of my touch ... but then my words got through her fog . 
 `` i can not ! '' 
 her eyes widened and she began to push at my chest . 
 `` i can . 
 he wo n't want you anymore if you are n't pure . '' 
 i ran my hand down her side . 
 she gasped . 
 from shock or pleasure i have no idea . 
 `` you would n't dare force yourself on me ! '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` force ? 
 i would n't have to force you . '' 
 she would come willingly the minute i began touching her . 
 tears sprang to her eyes . 
 `` please do n't do this . 
 if i. . . 
 if i give in to you , then the island will be lost . 
 the glamour will fall and it will be unprotected . 
 the life , the hope of hell , will be doomed . '' 
 none of that sounded that bad . 
 but the tear that fell down her cheek was awful . 
 without thinking i leaned down and kissed it . 
 it was cool against my lips . 
 her brilliant eyes met mine . 
 `` you know how i feel . 
 i can not hide it anymore . 
 ca n't that be enough ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i pushed away from her . 
 turning my back . 
 `` you want me to walk away and just let him have you ? '' 
 `` he will never have me . 
 you will . '' 
 so i was supposed to let him take what was mine ? 
 let him use her and then throw her away ? 
 let her be here alone , raising a child-a child that is n't mine-with no one ? 
 `` no , '' the word ripped from my throat . 
 `` and what of my duty ? 
 what of yours ? '' 
 `` my duty ? '' 
 i asked , turning . 
 `` you 're here in hell for a reason . 
 you would turn your back on your friends ? '' 
 she pushed up off the couch and stood behind me . 
 of course i would . 
 but i would n't admit it . 
 she took my silence as my agreeing with her . 
 `` i can not turn my back on this island , like you can not to your friends . 
 we can not be selfish . '' 
 `` i can do my ` duty ' and still be with you . '' 
 `` i can not . 
 this island must remain hidden . 
 the magic , the life of this island can not be lost . 
 if i were to be with you , the island would be found , the life of hell would be destroyed . '' 
 `` you want me to walk away . '' 
 it was n't a question . 
 i turned and stepped close , close enough she could feel my body heat , close enough her scent mingled with my senses and made my fingertips ache to touch . 
 please do n't send me away . 
 `` yes . '' 
 white-hot rage burned me . 
 i grabbed her , shook her , and raised my hand to strike her . 
 at the last moment i stopped and shoved her away , her body hitting the couch . 
 i grabbed up the lamp and threw it , sending it crashing into a window . 
 wind , fierce and howling , came through the broken glass . 
 i looked out the window at the dark clouds gathering in the sky . 
 i was too enraged to be in awe of the first sign of a storm . 
 the waves crashed violently along the shore and the wind ripped through the glass . 
 i turned back to ana , who was standing in the center of the room . 
 `` good-bye , riley . '' 
 i rushed back across the room , a snarl ripping from between my teeth . 
 she held out her hands . 
 `` do n't touch me . 
 you 've already touched me too much . 
 the island is becoming unbalanced . 
 the weather , it 's responding to me and what 's going on inside me . '' 
 the urge to throw her on the ground and cover her body with mine was so strong my hands were shaking . 
 i liked the fact that every time i touched her she became less pure . 
 because that meant she became more mine . 
 the only thing that stopped me was the genuine fear in her eyes as she looked out into the sky . 
 what would happen to her if she disobeyed her duty ? 
 would she be punished ? 
 would she be tossed into hell ? 
 i was in hell . 
 she would be with me , but hell was n't the place for her . 
 she would die . 
 her spirit would break in such a bleak place . 
 she would become a shell of the woman i loved . 
 and i did love her . 
 i had to leave . 
 my love was poison . 
 i went to the door and flung it open . 
 `` riley , '' ana called , her voice laced with regret . 
 at least i hoped it was regret . 
 she deserved some pain for this . 
 i did n't want to be the only one with wounds . 
 i looked over my shoulder , meeting her green eyes for the final time . 
 neither of us said anything . 
 then i turned and left . 
 mere steps from the cottage i morphed and ran , racing onto the beach without looking back . 
 when i was steps from the devourer 's cave , i stopped and looked up . 
 the sky was no longer darkening and the blue was becoming brilliant again . 
 the wind was just a breeze now and the water was no longer angry . 
 she was right . 
 i was n't good enough . 
 i made her less pure , unclean . 
 with that thought i stepped through the cave to walk back to where i clearly belonged . 
 hell . 
 i climbed out of the thick , black sludge and up onto the hard floor of hell . 
 the demons in the water must have sensed my burning anger because they all gave me a wide berth as i swam back from the devourer 's island . 
 i 'd been hoping for a fight . 
 i wanted to hurt something-to kill it . 
 it had been stupid of me to fall for ana . 
 she was too good for me and she practically said as much . 
 i did n't bother morphing into my human form-i was n't feeling particularly human anyway . 
 i shook out the muck still coating my fur and turned to go find something to kill . 
 then i was going to rip this place apart until i found those stolen souls . 
 taking away power from the powerful seemed like a pretty good idea right now . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 said a voice from my right . 
 i turned . 
 it was hecate . 
 she had a hood pulled over her head , but i knew it was her . 
 what was she doing here ? 
 of course i could n't answer and i did n't bother to change so i could . 
 a witch no one had seen for weeks and she chooses this day-this moment-to show her face ? 
 she could go back to wherever the hell she came from . 
 she came closer , appearing to float because the thing she was wearing was so long . 
 `` why would you be over here where there is nothing but a sea of water ? '' 
 she would call that crap water . 
 she probably drank it . 
 i showed my teeth at her and growled . 
 `` you 're hiding something , riley stone . '' 
 i turned my back and walked away . 
 i was n't about to run . 
 if she wanted a fight , i 'd give her one . 
 besides , i was n't the only one hiding something . 
 she was too , and i was going to find out where those souls were . 
 now . 
 i did n't want to shift back but finally had to because i could n't drive my bike as a hound . 
 i briefly considered just running and leaving the bike where it was , but i liked ripping through hell with it . 
 every time i got on it and revved the engine , it was like a slap in the face to leviathan . 
 i pulled on a pair of jeans that i 'd rolled up on the back of the harley and then climbed on , taking off through the dull , sunless land . 
 i thought about the storm that had been brewing on the island , about how ana said it was reacting to her mood . 
 i hoped she was feeling that tumultuous inside . 
 i wanted her to feel some of the pain i was . 
 i wanted her to regret ever turning me away . 
 as i drove closer to the castle , the air became much thicker than usual and off in the distance i saw smoke funneling up into the sky in great billows . 
 leviathan . 
 he picked the wrong day to come back for his bike . 
 i gunned the engine , pushing the bike as fast as it would go . 
 i wanted to fight . 
 i wanted to pound someone so hard they lay there for a week . 
 but it was n't leviathan . 
 it was sam . 
 chapter twenty-three sam my truck was old , so when i put my foot all the way to the floor , it groaned in resistance . 
 all these years i drove a piece of crap because i could n't afford anything better . 
 i worked job after job so i could prove to everyone i could take care of myself . 
 i stood up to china . 
 i refused to cover up the carnage she left behind . 
 for what ? 
 for everything i ever loved to be ripped away from me . 
 everything i tried to be good for was gone . 
 my brain shorted out , completely blanking from thought , and all that remained was the anger swirling around inside me . 
 i did n't know why i was so angry . 
 i did n't understand why i felt like there was a hole in my chest the size of a bowling ball . 
 i cut the engine and sat staring numbly at the farm house . 
 a little of the anger i felt faded away and was replaced with a familiar and warm feeling . 
 this place meant something to me ... but i could n't quite place exactly what . 
 i stepped into the house , the back door banging closed behind me . 
 gran was at the sink , facing away . 
 `` well , there you are ! 
 i was wondering when you two would be home . 
 did everything go okay ? '' 
 she turned , her face losing some of the happiness it held . 
 `` sam ? '' 
 she questioned . 
 `` is heven with you ? '' 
 the names cut through me like a spear , tearing a rift the size of a valley inside me . 
 i shot away from the door , through the kitchen , and raced up the stairs , ignoring gran 's calls behind me . 
 i collided with something at the top of the steps , the body giving way and falling backward . 
 kimber let out a sharp sound of surprise and then looked up at me with annoyance in her eyes . 
 i did n't apologize . 
 i just kept going , past her toward the space that called to me like a siren . 
 `` sam ? '' 
 she said from behind . 
 i ignored her and threw open the door , stepping into the bedroom that my body craved . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 the familiar scent that was heven filled me up inside , whistling through that hole that resided in my chest . 
 my eyes searched for her , sought out every corner , every place inside the room . 
 they wanted to see a person that was n't there . 
 `` sam ! '' 
 kimber snapped , jerking my arm , drawing my attention . 
 i stared at her , not really thinking , only hearing that silence inside my head . 
 `` what happened ? 
 where 's heven ? '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 my thoughts were jumbled , but i knew enough to know she should n't be here . 
 `` i left something behind . 
 i came to get it before you got home . '' 
 her voice took on a solemn tone . 
 what was i doing here ? 
 how did i end up here ? 
 this is n't where i was supposed to be . 
 i had things to do ... damage to invoke . 
 i shoved my way past her and went back down the stairs . 
 i could hear her following me , racing down the steps , but i did n't turn back . 
 in the kitchen , gran stood there with this fearful look on her face . 
 `` sam . 
 tell me what 's happening . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' i said , the words ripping from my throat . 
 i physically could n't say the words . 
 i could scarcely believe them . 
 `` got ta go . '' 
 i pushed out the back door , palming my truck keys , slid in , and revved the engine . 
 just as i threw it into reverse , kimber jumped into the passenger seat . 
 her door slammed as i took off down the drive , throwing up gravel and dirt in my wake . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 kimber demanded . 
 i stared out the windshield , my mind not focusing on any one thing . 
 `` are we going to get heven ? '' 
 she asked . 
 that name , that name did things to me . 
 it made me feel hollow but electrified at the same time . 
 the sting of anger was sharp and i pushed down on the gas a little bit more . 
 `` sam ! 
 tell me what 's going on . 
 where in the hell is heven ? '' 
 i looked over at her . 
 `` gone . '' 
 her face paled and i watched all the color drain from her skin , making her look as empty inside as i felt . 
 `` watch out ! '' 
 she screeched , grabbing the handle on her door and pointing to a car traveling right at us . 
 i jerked the truck to the left , the blasting horn from the oncoming traffic jumpstarting my brain . 
 i swerved out of the path of the car and slammed into a light pole . 
 the truck 's old metal frame wrapped around it like a wobbly piece of jell-o . 
 smoke from the ruined engine filled my nostrils as i lay hunched over the steering wheel , a warm trickle of blood running from my forehead and dripping off my nose . 
 drip ... drip ... drip . 
 i shot up straight in my seat , my eyes seeking , looking , searching for something . 
 for someone . 
 beside me kimber groaned , sitting up and looking at me like i had four heads . 
 she was n't who i was looking for . 
 i flung open the door and got out , my legs wobbling as i stood there and stared numbly at the totaled truck . 
 something inside me told me i should be upset . 
 something told me i actually really loved this old truck . 
 i ignored that voice and then it died away until all i heard was silence . 
 people were stopping at the accident , talking to me , holding out their phones . 
 i saw their mouths moving , but i heard nothing . 
 someone to my right reached out and touched my arm . 
 i turned to look at them , my eyes knowing exactly who i wanted to see . 
 but it was n't right . 
 i felt empty . 
 kimber materialized beside me , telling people everything was fine , ushering them back their cars . 
 eventually , i tuned out her voice and whatever she was doing and i started to run , something shiny and red catching my eye , and i stopped , turned . 
 someone who stopped to offer us help had a nice car . 
 it was a candy-apple red convertible with a black ragtop . 
 the door was open from where they 'd gotten out and ran to help . 
 the engine was running . 
 i heard the screams of protest from the owner as i got in and put the car in drive . 
 kimber opened the passenger door and leaned down , staring at me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` leaving . '' 
 i hit the gas and she ran alongside the car before jumping in . 
 her door slammed shut as i fishtailed around a turn and punched the engine once more . 
 i did n't stop . 
 why should n't i take this car ? 
 who was going to stop me ? 
 no one . 
 `` do you have any idea how much magic it 's going to take to clean up the fact you just stole a car ? '' 
 she screamed at me . 
 i sped through the streets of portland , ignoring street signs and traffic lights . 
 finally , the fountain came into view , the portal to hell . 
 the portal to revenge . 
 i sped up , revving the engine and peeling the tires , aiming the car right at the stone fountain . 
 it was like playing a game of chicken with something incapable of leaping out of the way . 
 kimber was screaming , punching me in the arm and telling me to stop , but i did n't . 
 i just kept driving . 
 just when my brain started telling me i was going to crash , the portal sucked us in and the car landed in hell . 
 i did n't stop driving . 
 i hit the gas and tore across the vacant land , pointing the car in the direction of the man i was going to kill . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 she squealed . 
 `` did you just drive us into hell ? '' 
 beelzebub 's castle came into view , all towering black granite and obscurity . 
 the car fishtailed when i slammed on the brakes . 
 dust and ash rose around the car like a cloud . 
 `` stay here , '' i growled at my unwanted passenger and got out and stalked over the drawbridge , throwing open the door and stomping inside . 
 a little demon appeared with a scarred up face . 
 something about those scars stirred something within me , but i was n't quite sure what it was . 
 he tried to run when he set his eyes on me , but i grabbed him by the back of the head and slammed him up against the wall . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 i snarled . 
 `` master riley is n't home . '' 
 i had forgotten riley was living here ... that detail had slipped my mind . 
 `` beelzebub . 
 i want to know where beelzebub is . '' 
 `` i have n't seen him . 
 he is n't here . '' 
 i drove my fist through the demons back and felt my knuckles hit the wall on the other side of his body . 
 he disintegrated right out of my grip . 
 if beelzebub was n't home i 'd make sure he understood my message when he finally did show up . 
 i stalked through the house , knocking over furniture , setting things on fire with the torches hanging from the walls . 
 it was n't enough . 
 i wanted more destruction . 
 i pushed my way into another room and in the center were four very large jugs of gasoline . 
 i smiled , picking up one and pouring out a very short trail of gas leading to the cans , then i replaced the one i was using and walked toward the door where there was yet another flaming torch . 
 i yanked it off the wall and held it down , catching the trail of gas on fire . 
 i stood there and watched it burn , snaking across the floor , kind of like a game of dominos , except this game was explosive . 
 when the fire line had a few inches left to burn , i dropped the torch and walked from the room , retracing my steps to the door . 
 three . 
 two . 
 one . 
 the gas cans blew with an incredible force , rocking the house and crumbling granite . 
 i was thrown forward , pieces of wood and rock flying around me . 
 several pieces hit me , cutting into my arms and cheek , but i ignored the pain and stood up to continue my way out of the castle . 
 i walked out of the burning house , stepping through the flames that grabbed at me angrily , persistently , but could do nothing to the man who was fireproof . 
 besides , my insides were already carnage . 
 there was nothing left of me but skin and bone , and not even that was fun for a fire to destroy . 
 i walked across the drawbridge , the flames eating it as i walked , and when i stepped onto the ground on the other side of the moat , the wooden boards collapsed , plunging into the black sludge . 
 several demons that lived in the muck began to shriek as they , too , caught fire , but i did n't turn back to see . 
 they deserved what they got . 
 kimber was standing next to the car , staring at the burning house with shock all over her face . 
 i began looking around for something else to destroy when a fast-moving figure came into my line of sight . 
 dust flew up behind it almost as if it were running away . 
 as it got closer i realized it was a motorcycle and the man driving it was someone i knew . 
 i stood there and waited , the heat of the explosion at my back , for riley to arrive . 
 when he did , the bike skidded to a stop and he stared between the castle and me with a wild look in his eyes . 
 `` did you blow up my castle ? '' 
 he roared . 
 i shrugged , my brain going fuzzy again . 
 riley looked over at kimber who was still standing there in shock and climbed off his bike and gave me a hard shove . 
 `` sam ! 
 what they hell did you do ? '' 
 i stared at him . 
 something was missing inside me . 
 i could n't think . 
 i. . . 
 `` sam ! '' 
 riley shoved his face as close to mine as he could . 
 `` where 's heven ? '' 
 heven . 
 the name brought a streak of clarity like the sun on a cloudy day . 
 how could i have forgotten her name ? 
 i focused on riley , his face coming into focus . 
 `` heven , '' i said , my voice feeling raw and the word ripping from my chest . 
 this was n't like the other times when i thought she was dead , the times when i grieved so deeply i thought i might break in two . 
 that 's how i knew what i was about to say was irrevocably true . 
 because only the truth could take away cohesive thought . 
 only the truth could drive me slowly , madly insane . 
 only the truth could rip away my lifeline to reality . 
 she was gone and i was on my way out . 
 riley grabbed my shoulder , gripping it hard , forcing me to look into his face . 
 `` heven what ? '' 
 `` she 's dead . '' 
 riley something was wrong . 
 sam was standing in front of my castle , my completely destroyed castle , and the look on his face was something i did n't understand . 
 kimber was pacing behind us , her face pale and drawn , and i wondered how these two ended up together and what could possibly make the redhead who never shut up speechless . 
 i forgot about ana for a second as i looked at him , demanding answers , not quite understanding why it seemed he was only half there . 
 and then he said the words . 
 words i did n't realize would hurt so much when spoken . 
 heven was dead . 
 i stood there for a long time , gripping his shoulder and staring into a far too vacant face , and understood why he looked the way he did . 
 memories of her flooded my brain-her laughing , rolling her eyes . 
 i could almost feel her smacking me in the ribs when i smirked and said something stupid . 
 i saw her holding up a fork , grinning . 
 i saw her crying and felt the weight of her leaning into me ... someone like that should n't be dead . 
 someone who liked me when everyone else told her not to . 
 someone who forgave me for my betrayals . 
 she never pushed me away . 
 and now she was gone . 
 `` no , '' i told sam . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he blinked at me , the inside of his eyes hollow . 
 `` the mindbond is gone . 
 broken . '' 
 i looked at the castle , no longer seeing it as mine , but seeing it as the home of the man who killed my best friend . 
 `` i 'm tearing this place apart until he shows up , '' sam said , drawing my stare . 
 `` and then i 'm going to spend the rest of the time i have left killing him . 
 over and over again . '' 
 `` i know the next place we can destroy , '' i said , looking at the convertible parked nearby . 
 `` that your ride ? '' 
 sam nodded . 
 `` i 'll drive . '' 
 that nobody home look he had going on was starting to freak me out . 
 kimber was still standing in front of the car , and from the look on her face she had n't known about heven until now , either . 
 sam was already in the passenger seat when i stopped next to her . 
 `` heven 's dead ? '' 
 she whimpered . 
 i nodded . 
 `` but how ? '' 
 `` i have no idea . 
 i do n't think he could tell me even if i asked . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around herself and looked back at the fire . 
 `` look , i can give you a lucent marble . 
 go home . 
 i 'll deal with sam . '' 
 `` cole is dead , '' she said quietly . 
 `` heven is dead . '' 
 then she looked at me . 
 `` i do n't have anyone left . 
 i 'm coming . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't have time to play babysitter . '' 
 she dropped a colorful phrase on her way into the back of the car , a phrase i had n't even heard before . 
 i pointed the car in the direction of leviathan 's castle , thinking destroying his land was a good place to start , and then we 'd move on until everyone 's land was burning . 
 sam stared out the windshield like a mannequin , and i wondered what was going on inside his head . 
 from what i knew about mindbonds , they were n't meant to be broken . 
 if one person died , the bond was severed and then the remaining one slowly went insane until they died too . 
 beelzebub had taken everything from me . 
 he took my grandfather , callum . 
 he cursed me from the day i was born , forcing upon me some kind of darkness that wrapped itself around my soul and squeezed until i was no longer worthy of love . 
 ana 's love . 
 i might still be alive , but he cost me my life . 
 i saw the outskirts of the town that bordered leviathan 's land and i prepared to push the car harder when something-someone-fell from the sky , landing on the ground ahead of us and uncurling , standing up and planting two strong legs into the ground , almost like he was challenging us . 
 i glanced at sam . 
 `` run him down , '' he growled . 
 i laid the pedal to the metal and the scent of melting tires filled the air as the car raced over the uneven ground , barreling straight for the man who dared stand in our way . 
 two feet from colliding with the man , he threw up his arms and with them power radiated outward . 
 the power was so great it was white and it pushed toward us like a tidal wave , slamming into the hood of the car , ripping away the ragtop , and sending us into a spiral . 
 the car spun around-how many turns it made , i was n't sure-before jerking to a complete stop . 
 we all stared out the windshield over the dented hood at the man who still stood in exactly the same spot . 
 i climbed out of the driver 's seat , going around to the front of the hood where sam and kimber joined me , and we all stood there , measuring each other up , preparing for some kind of battle . 
 `` i 'll watch your back if you watch mine , '' i said , low , to sam . 
 he nodded . 
 `` let 's take this dude out then wipe out the town . '' 
 he hitched his chin toward the cluster of houses about half a mile away . 
 we started forward when the man held up his hands . 
 `` allow me to introduce myself . '' 
 `` i do n't need to know your name to kill you , '' sam said , the hound within him calling to the one within me . 
 the man looked pleased with himself for sam 's threatening retort . 
 `` i knew you had it in you , '' he said . 
 the knowledge of who he must be began to push past the rage from ana 's refusal and the pain from heven 's death . 
 `` sam . '' 
 i caught his arm as he moved forward . 
 `` wait . '' 
 if this guy was who i thought , then challenging him would only get us to a faster grave . 
 `` allow me to introduce myself , '' he said . 
 `` i am lucifer . '' 
 `` you expect us to believe you 're the devil ? '' 
 sam said . 
 behind us , kimber made a choking sound . 
 `` i do n't expect you to believe anything . '' 
 `` you 're smaller than i am , '' sam observed . 
 `` how does that saying go ? '' 
 he wondered out loud . 
 `` oh yes , it is n't the size of the dog in the fight , but the size of the fight in the dog . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` when one has enough power to essentially win any fight , he does n't need big muscles . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i drawled . 
 `` i 've heard size matters . '' 
 irritation flashed over his face , causing it to look like impenetrable stone . 
 `` i 've enough of this conversation . 
 i 've come to offer you a deal . '' 
 a deal with the devil ? 
 it was almost cliche . 
 sam was back to looking vacant and i wondered if he even heard any of this . 
 it appeared i was going to have to do the thinking for both of us today . 
 of course , this was the moment kimber decided to open her mouth . 
 `` no one is stupid enough to make a deal with the devil . '' 
 she snorted . 
 lucifer 's eyes snapped to her and i angled my body in front of her , blocking her from sight . 
 the last thing i needed was her blabbing her big mouth and getting us all killed . 
 `` shut up , '' i growled out of the side of my mouth . 
 she made a sound like she was going to protest and i turned my head to glare at her . 
 `` shut , it , red . '' 
 i growled and thankfully , she fell silent . 
 `` what kind of a deal ? '' 
 i asked , turning back to lucifer . 
 `` i 've been watching you two ... both a renegade of your kind . 
 i could use men like you on my side . '' 
 `` you want us to work for you ? '' 
 i scoffed . 
 he could n't actually be serious . 
 but he was . 
 he was completely serious . 
 `` with my power and your abilities and instincts , your take charge attitudes , we could be unstoppable . '' 
 he actually thought sam could be swayed to the dark side ? 
 i mean , i could understand why he might think i would be interested -lrb- maybe i was -rrb- ... but sam ? 
 sam might as well join the boy scouts and learn how to knit . 
 i glanced at him now to see what kind of reaction he was having to this offer . 
 he did n't look offended . 
 in fact , he looked ... intrigued . 
 well , shit . 
 `` now , really is n't a good time , '' i said , putting my arm out around sam . 
 `` my bud here is having a bad day . '' 
 `` what a shame , '' lucifer said , not sounding in the least bit sorry . 
 `` perhaps the death of his mate would be less of a blow if i promised revenge ? '' 
 sam stiffened beneath my arm . 
 `` how did you know about heven 's death ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 he smiled . 
 `` you son of a bitch , '' i whispered . 
 `` you 're the one who killed her . '' 
 `` it 's true . 
 i thought the light one needed a bit of persuasion to join me . '' 
 sam let out a roar i was pretty sure burst my eardrum and shoved me aside so hard i fell onto the ground . 
 he leapt into the air , shifting , his body contorting and changing faster than i 'd ever seen before . 
 pieces of clothing fluttered down onto the ground around us as he shot forward , gunning for the man who just admitted murder . 
 `` get in the car , '' i told kimber and then prepared to shift , preparing for a battle that would only end in my death and realizing maybe death would n't be as bad as being rejected and cursed . 
 lucifer lifted his hands and shot out the white-hot power , aiming it right at sam who was so far gone with grief and rage he just kept barreling toward it . 
 just as it was about to overcome him , something happened . 
 it seemed to bounce off him and fling back at lucifer . 
 the devil was unprepared for the unexpected , and it knocked him down , flat on his back . 
 what the hell ? 
 i looked behind me where kimber was standing , feet apart , wind blowing her hair around her in fiery waves as she held out her hands , focusing on what was going on . 
 she somehow threw the power back at lucifer . 
 lucifer was going to make her pay for that . 
 sam pounced on the surprised man , getting in one great swipe of his claws and lifting his arm back to take another swipe when he was thrown off , bouncing off the ground with a crack and then lying still . 
 i was n't sure who to run to , who needed protection more , so i settled for a spot somewhere in the middle of kimber and sam . 
 lucifer got to his feet , blood dripping off his chin . 
 the left side of his face was practically skinless , with deep gouges marring the skin . 
 `` it seems i underestimated you , '' he said , not sounding as angry as i thought , which only worried me more . 
 i watched as his face healed itself , the skin knitting back together and smoothing out in seconds as if nothing happened to him at all . 
 sam got to his feet , crouching low and preparing to attack again . 
 `` he 's never going to join you , '' i yelled . 
 `` you just admitted to killing the woman he loves . 
 he 's no good to you now anyway . 
 without the mindbond he 's going to slowly go insane and die . '' 
 behind me kimber made a sound . 
 i really wished she would just get in the car . 
 `` i see , '' lucifer said , staring at sam . 
 `` what if i told you she was n't dead ? '' 
 everything around us stopped . 
 the air became so still i began to wonder if lucifer 's statement did n't suck it all out of this place . 
 `` are you saying heven is n't dead ? '' 
 i asked , flat . 
 sam began to pace the ground , back and forth , back and forth . 
 `` that 's exactly what i am saying . 
 i could n't very well kill her until i understood the full impact it would have on my recruit . '' 
 sam let out a sharp growl that pierced the dark sky . 
 `` how do we know you are n't just saying this ? 
 that this is n't some kind of trap ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` why , it 's simple . '' 
 lucifer replied . 
 `` i 'll show you . '' 
 chapter twenty-four sam he lied . 
 he spoke only lies . 
 he only tried to give me hope so i would join him , so i would give in to the darkness within me and become just like him . 
 the proof of her death was undeniable ; it reverberated inside the walls of my body , trying to find a place to settle , trying to find a place to latch on and kill me too . 
 his blood shined bright on my claws . 
 it was the blood of a killer , the blood of the man who twisted my soul , who was responsible for making me part animal , part man and now he was responsible for taking away the one thing in this world that i loved most . 
 i almost welcomed insanity . 
 i welcomed the idea of slipping away inside my mind , of not really having to think , remember . 
 but before i could completely lose myself , give up and let go , i had to do some more damage . 
 i was done listening . 
 i wanted more blood . 
 i was about to attack when his words broke through my broken thoughts . 
 `` i 'll show you . '' 
 show me what ? 
 he dropped his hands by his sides and spread his fingers wide . 
 then , slowly , oh so excruciatingly slow , did he lift them . 
 when they were at his shoulder level a sound off to my right filled the air . 
 it was a sucking sound . 
 the sound of something being pulled out of a place that wanted to hold on to whatever was trying to escape . 
 we all looked that way . 
 we all stood and stared at the only thing there : the black sludge river . 
 something was rising up out of it , something round and covered in the black , insistent goo . 
 it lifted higher and higher until it cleared the surface of the water and floated there . 
 globs of the black junk slowly dripped away , sliding back into the river , leaving behind a large , clear bubble . 
 piece by piece the contents of the bubble began to reveal itself to us . 
 piece by piece my mind began to realign . 
 thoughts began to clear and recognition began to dawn . 
 i saw the familiar cascade of white-blond hair and the hint of pale skin . 
 i saw a slim body unfold and eyes blink open , looking past their cage and seeking me out , landing on me and spearing me to the very core . 
 heven . 
 a low whine ripped from my mouth as i watched the bubble , now completely devoid of the black sludge , float toward us . 
 it was just out of reach , high enough that i could n't touch if i tried , and it came to a stop next to the man controlling it . 
 lucifer . 
 heven had n't been taken and `` killed '' by beelzebub . 
 it had been someone far worse . 
 she fell forward , hands splaying against the bubble , looking down at me . 
 i could see her mouth moving , her chest heaving as she screamed something over and over again . 
 `` sam ! '' 
 she was calling my name . 
 she was n't dead . 
 she was alive . 
 i shifted , my animal form melting away to my human one , all my limbs trembling with the need to touch her , to feel her . 
 images from the past few hours were like an onslaught to my newly awakened brain and pulled at my attention , trying to taunt me with what i had done . 
 i pushed it all away . 
 all i could see , all i wanted to see in this moment was her . 
 i ran toward the bubble , rushed forward so i could somehow pull her down . 
 `` ah-ah , '' the devil cautioned , holding out his hand and halting my progress . 
 `` now you have proof . 
 you can see with your own eyes that she is not dead . 
 she is very much alive . '' 
 `` let her go , '' i said , my voice sounding strange to my ears . 
 i was aware of riley coming closer to stand just behind me , covering my back . 
 in that moment he was the only one i would have chosen to be there . 
 `` i am happy to let her go , just as soon as you agree to join me . '' 
 join him ? 
 clearly while my brain was joggled , i missed an important conversation . 
 i glanced at riley , lifting a brow . 
 `` he think 's we 're renegades . 
 he wants us to join his team . '' 
 `` aligning myself with you would be like sealing my own death , '' i replied , looking back at lucifer . 
 i may not be completely dead , but all the parts of me that were worth anything would be . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` but it 's your death or hers . '' 
 he allowed the bubble to lower , bringing heven into my line of sight . 
 she had tears on her face , dirt on her clothes , and anger in her eyes . 
 she looked at me and began to yell , but i could n't make out her words . 
 i still could n't hear her . 
 i looked back at lucifer . 
 `` so you 're saying if i agree to join you , you 'll let her go and never try to kill her again ? '' 
 `` you have my word . '' 
 i stood there weighing my options . 
 i did n't have any . 
 i could make a deal with the devil and sacrifice the soul i worked so hard to maintain and save heven , or i could refuse and die anyway , taking heven with me . 
 there was no choice . 
 i knew what i had to do . 
 i glanced back at heven who was shaking her head no , crying , trying to get my attention . 
 then i looked back at lucifer , who was calm , cool , and collected . 
 i would be too if i knew i was going to get my way . 
 then i opened my mouth to say yes . 
 i opened my mouth to make a deal with the devil . 
 heven he could n't hear me . 
 i could hear everything they were saying , i could see the torment sam had been through , and i could see the steely acceptance , the determination to save me while sacrificing everything he worked so hard to be . 
 i banged on the bubble , crying out in frustration because it muted my words , made me stand by helpless and watch the horrific scene unfold before me . 
 no . 
 fight . 
 this is n't over . 
 memories flooded through me , memories of the night i was attacked , of waking up in the hospital disfigured and scared . 
 visions of walking through the halls at school , hiding under a hoodie while people whispered , while they pointed . 
 i saw my mother telling me i was evil , her lying in a coma , and i remembered standing in the heavy rain at her funeral . 
 i thought about cole , his grinning face and the love he felt for gemma , love he would never be allowed to share . 
 finally , i remembered sam , the night he told me the truth , changed before me , scaring me so bad thought left my brain . 
 i felt his lips upon mine , the fast rhythm of his heart against my skin , and i remembered the night he first told me he loved me . 
 we had n't come this far ... we had n't lost this much to give in now . 
 i stopped banging on the bubble , the thin veil between me and everyone else , and i stared at it . 
 i reached down inside myself , holding on to the memories that fueled me , and i used them to stoke the fire that always burned within , and then i shot it out of me . 
 i used every last bit of strength i could muster and blasted flames so hot and so intense even the devil 's magic , the power of the enclosure around me yielded . 
 it started as a hole the size of a quarter and it grew . 
 it spread like a disease , taking over inch by inch until i was able to push past it and jump free , landing on the ground between sam , the man in which my heart resided , and lucifer , the man who was trying to take away everything i had left . 
 wait ! 
 i screamed inside my head , so loud every bone in my body trembled , and i focused inward knowing our mindbond had n't been destroyed , knowing it was the one thing strong enough that not even the devil himself could take away . 
 even if sam had lost faith , i had n't and i would believe enough for both of us . 
 a sound behind me had me turning . 
 sam had fallen to his knees , but he was staring at me with recognition in his eyes . 
 listen for me . 
 i 'm still here . 
 i wo n't ever leave you . 
 heven . 
 his voice was felt like a single star on a cloudy night . 
 it was the fire within that would never go out and the answer to a dying man 's prayer . 
 i know exactly what you 're about to do . 
 i absolutely forbid it . 
 his eyes narrowed as i watched him . 
 you will not stop me from keeping you alive . 
 no , but i will stop you from killing yourself in the process . 
 `` it appears that maybe i should have spent more time watching you as well , '' lucifer said , drawing my attention away from sam . 
 `` that 's quite a power you have there . '' 
 i looked up as the last of the bubble burned away and then disappeared . 
 `` you might be interested in a deal as well , '' he said , spearing me with his dark , all-encompassing gaze . 
 i blinked , clearing myself of the sticky , spidery web he was trying to weave . 
 `` what if we make you a deal instead ? '' 
 `` heven , '' riley cautioned from behind and i glanced at him , really seeing him for the first time since being pulled out of the dark sludge . 
 for once he looked ruffled . 
 `` trust me , '' i told him and turned back . 
 sam was at my side , his fingers slipping into mine and squeezing . 
 everything was going to be okay . 
 `` why would i make a deal with you when i 'm the one holding all the cards ? '' 
 lucifer asked . 
 `` are you forgetting your little problem ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i have no problems . '' 
 `` so you banished beelzebub to earth for fun ? '' 
 `` i would hardly call that fool a problem , '' lucifer snapped . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i said boldly . 
 `` how many souls have you managed to collect since he arrived on earth ? 
 how much chaos have you managed to reign ? '' 
 `` i do n't need to reign chaos because he 's doing it for me . '' 
 `` how many souls ? '' 
 i persisted . 
 i was aware that riley had made his way to my other side , so i was flanked by the two men i trusted most . 
 behind me i heard someone move closer and noted that sam was suddenly fully dressed , but i did n't turn . 
 i did n't acknowledge her presence . 
 `` i admit , collecting has been down . '' 
 there it was-the opening i was waiting for . 
 it was small , a crack even , but sometimes even the finest cracks gave way to crumbling . 
 `` i would imagine having someone as immature , ruthless , and cruel as him up on your hunting grounds makes things more difficult than needed . 
 what if i had a way to rid you of that problem ? '' 
 `` rid me of an immortal prince ? '' 
 lucifer scoffed . 
 `` you might be powerful , but not even i am that powerful . '' 
 `` i 'm not talking about killing him , '' i said . 
 `` just ... putting him out of commission . '' 
 `` you talk as if i do n't like the chaos he creates . 
 chaos is my livelihood . 
 it 's what turns a soul to my side . '' 
 `` to an extent , '' i agreed . 
 `` but look at everything he 's done . 
 he 's brought his wrath to earth . 
 he 's killed people brutally , leaving the bodies to be found . 
 he 's unleashed a pack of werebats on innocent people , and he 's made an entire town sick with some unknown plague . 
 fear is high in maine . 
 and when you have so much fear , people look to god for help . 
 you can not turn even the darkest of souls in their hour of need . 
 you might need chaos , but fear ... fear is bad for business . '' 
 i felt sam 's eyes on me so i glanced at him , my eyes colliding with his , and he spoke to me like we were the only two people in the room . 
 my god , heven , you have grown . 
 the strength and will you omit is brighter than the sun . 
 all this time i 've loved you and protected you ... you did n't need me to protect you . 
 you needed me to get out of your way so you could show everyone just how utterly amazing you really are . 
 you loved me when i could n't love myself . 
 you carried me when i could n't walk . 
 you offered to die so i could live . 
 you , sam , are the very definition of strength . 
 if i am strong it 's because you shielded me until i could find the strength once dormant inside me . 
 if i do n't need protection , it 's because you protected me so well i was able to stop fighting long enough to learn how to shield myself . 
 do n't ever , not for a single second , think that you ever need to get out of my way . 
 i want you here . 
 right here beside me . 
 forever . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 lucifer 's voice interrupted the silent exchange . 
 `` mind chatting , '' riley replied , the hint of snark returning to his voice . 
 `` it 's what they do best . '' 
 `` i could just let beelzebub destroy your precious town and move on to other places . 
 the world is very big . 
 lots of corruption to be had ! '' 
 lucifer snapped . 
 i tore my eyes away from sam and looked back at the devil . 
 `` yes , beelzebub 's poison is contained right now . 
 but when the town , the state is destroyed-what then ? 
 fear will spread like wildfire and he 'll move on to another place and another town . '' 
 `` i 'll send him back to hell . '' 
 lucifer shrugged . 
 `` yes , where he can continue gaining power to try and overthrow you . '' 
 `` that will not happen . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 'm sure you know who i am . 
 perhaps instead of making a deal with you , i 'll take the deal beelzebub offered me . '' 
 `` he offered you a deal ? '' 
 `` someone is out of the loop , '' riley quipped and i smiled . 
 `` he offered me a permanent place in hell at his side . 
 as i am the soul reaper , i control the stolen souls . 
 and if he controls me ... '' i let my words dangle in the air . 
 `` i 'll kill you first . '' 
 he snarled . 
 `` or you could let me release all the stolen souls from hell , thus weakening all the princes in hell and guaranteeing you 'll have absolute power . '' 
 he laughed-a maniacal laugh . 
 `` allow you to release all my stolen souls ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` and in their place we will chain beelzebub to the floor of hell . 
 i am sure his soul is more powerful than all the others combined . '' 
 `` i wo n't stop collecting , '' he said , almost like a warning . 
 `` we wo n't ask you to , '' i replied . 
 sam cleared his throat and spoke . 
 `` the only thing we ask is that you and your minions leave us and our family alone . 
 forever . '' 
 `` forever is a very long time . '' 
 `` forever is nothing when you have eternity to live , and we do not , '' sam replied . 
 lucifer turned thoughtful . 
 finally , he spoke . 
 `` i 'll agree to your deal . '' 
 i felt excitement spread through me until he held up a finger . 
 `` but . '' 
 `` but , what ? '' 
 riley asked . 
 `` but you will get no help from me . 
 if you want to release the souls , find them on your own . 
 you want to chain beelzebub to the floor of hell ? 
 you 'll have to find him . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` deal . '' 
 we turned to walk away when he called out to us . 
 `` just remember , if you fail , your souls will be ripe for the picking . '' 
 something cold and dark slithered down my spine as we walked toward the car . 
 if it had n't already been clear , now it was crystal : failure was not an option . 
 heven riley and kimber climbed into the car and started the engine . 
 i was about to duck into the back seat when sam grabbed my arm and pulled me around , right into his arms . 
 i smiled against his chest , enjoying the feeling of him against me . 
 did it feel gone to you too ? 
 he asked me . 
 the mindbond ? 
 yeah . 
 i 've never heard silence so loud . 
 emptiness , he said , the word echoing through my mind . 
 it must have been the sludge ... or maybe the bubble . 
 i 'm so glad that 's over . 
 i 'd like to never repeat today ever again . 
 i barked a laugh against his shirt . 
 me either . 
 he pulled away and looked down into my eyes . 
 we 're going to get our lifetime , heven . 
 i can feel it . 
 you think a lifetime will be enough for us ? 
 baby , i 'm going to love you so good a lifetime will feel like forever . 
 i smiled . 
 that 's a deal i do n't mind taking . 
 he groaned and rested his forehead against mine . 
 `` we just made a deal with lucifer . '' 
 `` check that off our bucket list . '' 
 his shoulders shook with laughter . 
 `` after all this the only thing on my bucket list is to watch paint dry . 
 that 's about all i think i can handle . '' 
 i made a tsk-tsk sound . 
 `` i think we can handle a little more than that . 
 like sitting in a rocking chair on the back porch . '' 
 he laughed . 
 riley leaned over the passenger seat . 
 `` you two can make plans to act like old people later . 
 we got shit to do . '' 
 sam pressed a quick kiss to my lips and i pulled away , already hating the fact i had to sit in the back seat with kimber . 
 but i never got that far . 
 a harsh shrieking sound filled the sky as the looming shape of the devourer came into view . 
 he landed barely two feet from the car and shrieked again . 
 `` something 's wrong ! '' 
 i said , rushing to my favorite dragon 's side . 
 he shrieked at me again and i stopped just short of touching him . 
 his feathers were dull and lifeless , his eyes looked cloudy and his head hung like he was too tired to hold it up . 
 `` what 's the matter , buddy ? '' 
 i asked gently , stepping forward and reaching out to stroke his side . 
 when i pulled my hand back , feathers fell off his body , landing on the ground beside my feet . 
 i looked at sam . 
 `` something 's wrong . '' 
 riley approached , studying the dragon , and then his eyes settled on the feathers lying at my feet . 
 `` ana , '' he murmured , and then his body spasmed and he looked at me . 
 `` there 's something wrong with ana ! '' 
 the devourer shrieked again , a painful sound that made me think he was agreeing with riley . 
 `` can you take us there ? '' 
 i asked the dragon . 
 he dropped low to the ground , allowing the four of us to climb onto his back , riley taking the front position and hunching low over the dragon 's neck . 
 it made me think this was n't the first time he had taken a ride on the devourer . 
 `` hurry , '' riley said as his great wings lifted us up into the air . 
 `` take us to ana . '' 
 i 've never heard that kind of worry in riley 's voice before . 
 i 've never heard him sound afraid . 
 what had he been doing all this time down in hell ? 
 had he been spending time with ana ? 
 the dragon shot through the air , toward the island , and i prayed ana was okay , that nothing was wrong . 
 for her sake . 
 and for riley 's . 
 riley something was wrong . 
 as we flew , the once brightly colored feathers of the devourer grew duller and duller and fell from his body , leaving bald patches in their wake . 
 he was weak . 
 carrying four people on his back was a chore of determination for the great dragon , yet he refused to give up . 
 we flew over the black ocean , for once the water looking something other than slow . 
 it moved in big waves , choppy and violent . 
 i wondered what could have the power to churn it up like this , but i was afraid i already knew . 
 ana . 
 when i left her the last time , the weather on the island was something other than perfect . 
 she told me it was because of her emotion , that i was making her unstable . 
 so i left . 
 without my presence what could be creating a storm so great it was leaking out into hell ? 
 a picture of hecate flashed into my mind . 
 she 'd been there when i crawled out of the ocean . 
 she 'd been watching me with suspicious eyes and asking me what i was doing there . 
 had she somehow figured out where i 'd been ? 
 all these weeks i was down here , is that what she was doing-following me-hoping i would lead her to the one thing that would bring greater power than control of the souls ? 
 was hecate on the island with ana ? 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 i snapped at the devourer and he shook his wings to try and do my bidding . 
 he literally fell out of the sky when his lair came into sight . 
 the four of us were left holding on as he crashed into the ground , where he lay and did n't get up . 
 i climbed off while heven rushed to soothe the dragon . 
 i ran . 
 i ran through the cave , racing to reach the other side , searching for the light at the end of the tunnel . 
 it was there , but it was n't nearly as brilliant as it usually was . 
 i stepped onto the other side and into a ravaging storm . 
 rain pelted me from all angles , rain so cold it felt like a million sharp knives cutting into my skin every second . 
 wind pulled at my clothes and hair , pushing me back the way i came until my limbs had to strain against it to not lose any ground . 
 the ocean waves were violent and menacing . 
 they rose up out of the sea like a threatening tsunami and then crashed just before the shore , sending furious sprays into the once vibrant green grass . 
 as i approached ana 's cabin , lightning and thunder broke through the sky , lighting up the churning sky and rumbling the ground beneath my feet . 
 `` ana ! '' 
 i roared , the wind carrying away my voice before it could be heard . 
 i did n't stop yelling . 
 i screamed her name over and over until my voice was raw and i was at the back door , which was already open , all the glass shattered and the wooden frame beating against the stone wall as the wind knocked it around . 
 i rushed into the house , shoving my hair out of my eyes and looking wildly around , desperately wanting her to come rushing out of the kitchen and throw herself into the safety of my arms . 
 i rushed through each room , screaming her name , and each time coming up empty . 
 the hard knot in my chest seemed to grow . 
 the house was empty . 
 inside her bedroom a floodgate of emotion ripped out of me and i slammed my fist through the bedroom window , the glass slicing through my skin and causing blood to drip . 
 where are you , ana ? 
 i stood there beside the window , bleeding and heaving , when movement outside caught my eye . 
 there was a woman concealed by a blood-red cloak , hunched forward and leaning over someone lying on the ground . 
 the figure in the cloak shifted and i caught the sight of wheat-colored hair . 
 i roared and threw myself out the window , ignoring the way the remaining glass tore open my skin . 
 the pain i felt was nothing compared to what i was going to do to hecate . 
 i raced over the grass and launched myself at her , landing on her back and rolling , my arms closing around her middle and taking her with me . 
 we rolled for several turns . 
 she fought against me , but i would n't let go . 
 she tried shooting magic out her palms , but her aim was untrue and most of it fired up into the storming sky , creating explosions of power . 
 finally we stopped rolling . 
 i had her pinned down on the ground , her face in the mud . 
 my mother used to tell me men did n't hit women . 
 i was n't much of a man . 
 i reared back my fist and struck her in the back of her neck , making her body jerk . 
 i reared back to do it again when the earth around us seemed to explode and grass and dirt flew up in chunks . 
 i turned my head to protect my eyes and caught a glimpse of ana lying on the ground , struggling for air . 
 i pushed off the witch and ran to her side , skidding to a stop beside her and scooping her up in my arms , pulling her into my lap . 
 i leaned over her , keeping the rain from hitting her face , and pushed the drenched , heavy strands of her hair out of her eyes . 
 she blinked up at me , her green eyes coming into focus . 
 `` riley , '' she said , her voice hoarse . 
 my blood boiled when i noted the strangulation marks around her throat . 
 `` hey , baby girl , '' i said , trying to sound like there was n't something inside me that was dying . 
 `` you were supposed to stay out of trouble . '' 
 `` hecate found the island ... '' she coughed and made a face like it hurt . 
 `` she followed you . '' 
 `` i should have stayed away , '' i said , hating myself just a little bit more . 
 `` do n't say that . 
 i - '' whatever she was about to say was cut off when hecate pushed herself off the ground and sent some kind of magic spiraling our way . 
 i threw myself on top of ana , covering her body with mine , and the ground exploded once more . 
 rocks and dirt pummeled me as i shielded ana . 
 `` she wants the flower , riley , '' ana cried in my ear . 
 `` you ca n't let her get it ! '' 
 `` riley ! '' 
 another voice yelled , coming up the path . 
 i looked up to see heven , sam , and kimber running toward us . 
 `` look out ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` hecate ! '' 
 as i warned them hecate flung more magic . 
 it landed at their feet , exploding , causing them to fall backward . 
 then , out of the flying dirt and rock , kimber stood . 
 she braced her legs into the broken soil and set her eyes on hecate . 
 if there was anyone who might be able to fight hecate , it was red . 
 crazy had its advantages . 
 the two witches began to fling power at one another , and i used the opportunity to get ana out of the line of fire . 
 when i wanted to go in the house , she shook her head , saying `` flower . '' 
 i walked around the house , carrying her in my arms until we reached the bank where the flower grew . 
 i sat her down on her feet and she would have crumpled if i had n't caught her . 
 `` what did she do to you , ana ? '' 
 `` she took some of my power . 
 the island has been compromised . 
 i 'm going to lose what power i have left very soon . '' 
 i was n't sure what it meant , but she seemed to grow weaker by the moment , and it scared me . 
 i did n't like feeling scared . 
 heven and sam ran up beside me , heven 's eyes appraising the way i held ana against me and taking on an understanding glint . 
 `` heven ! '' 
 ana said , and heven rushed forward . 
 `` you must protect the flower ! 
 above all else , the flower must make it out of here . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 heven agreed . 
 there was something about the way ana talked that sounded like she did n't expect to make it out . 
 `` here , '' ana said , reaching beneath her shirt with unsteady hands to pull out a black velvet satchel . 
 `` it 's all i had time to make . 
 make it last . '' 
 heven took the sack and handed it to sam who shoved it into one of the pockets in his cargo pants . 
 a great rumble cut through the ground , shaking everything like an earthquake , and i heard hecate cackle . 
 heven glanced over her shoulder and then back . 
 `` kimber wo n't be able to hold her off much longer . '' 
 `` take the flower and go . 
 someone will find you , someone who will be able to protect it , '' ana said . 
 heven and sam kneeled down in the dirt beside the flower , the flower that still glittered like there was n't a war raging around it , and began to dig it up . 
 `` get lots of soil ! '' 
 ana instructed , her voice practically a whisper . 
 she looked at me helplessly , with fear in her eyes . 
 `` get lots of soil , '' i yelled at them and they nodded , scooping great handfuls of it up . 
 sam ripped off the hoodie he was wearing and made a sort of makeshift sack that they dumped all the soil into . 
 hecate cackled again and then she appeared at the edge of the yard . 
 i wondered if kimber was dead . 
 `` get the flower , '' i yelled at heven and she jammed her hand deep into the soil and lifted out the fragile flower and placed it in the homemade bag . 
 `` go ! 
 get out of here , '' ana said , trying to sit up . 
 heven rushed to her side , showing her the flower . 
 ana smiled a brilliant smile as the glittering of the flower made her skin glow . 
 `` heven , let 's go ! '' 
 sam shouted and yanked the black satchel out of his pants and tossed it at her and then shifted . 
 heven tucked the flower and the last of its dust into her arms and then climbed on the hellhound 's back . 
 hecate took aim at them as he shot across the yard , away from danger , and she might have made the shot if she was n't struck down by a jolt of something at her back . 
 guess kimber was n't dead after all . 
 `` i 'm going to get you out of here , '' i told ana . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` yes , there is no more island anymore , '' i shouted over the storm , and as if to prove my point , the roof of her cottage caved in . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' ana said , laying a hand on my arm . 
 `` i 'm dying . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i roared . 
 `` no , you are n't . 
 i 'll get you out of here and then everything will be just fine . '' 
 `` i ca n't go with you riley . 
 i 'm not allowed . '' 
 time seemed to slow after the words left her lips . 
 i dropped down onto my knees , still holding her against me , and looked down into her once vivid beauty . 
 `` i want you , '' i told her . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i know . 
 i want you too . 
 i will treasure the time i did have with you forever . '' 
 `` please do n't die , '' i said , suddenly understanding the times i 'd seen sam almost break down . 
 `` i 'm not really dying , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm just leaving this life to enter another one . 
 i 'm going home . '' 
 i did n't understand . 
 her home was here . 
 her home was with me . 
 as i stared at her , an angel lowered himself from the sky . 
 he was bare-chested and well muscled . 
 the storm did n't seem to touch him at all . 
 he was completely dry and unruffled . 
 i recognized him immediately as lorn . 
 ana 's match . 
 `` you ca n't have her , '' i roared , tightening my hold around her . 
 `` that 's not for you to decide , hound , '' the angel said . 
 he thought he was better than me . 
 he was . 
 did n't mean i would n't kick his ass . 
 `` riley , you have to let me go . 
 i broke the rules . 
 i let you come here , i. . . 
 i felt for you . 
 the fact that lorn has even come for me at all is a blessing . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i yelled over the whipping of the wind . 
 even if it had been still i would have yelled . 
 the storm outside was no match for the one that seemed to rage inside my chest . 
 `` home , '' she said , a smile lighting up her face . 
 `` heaven . '' 
 `` come with me now , '' lorn said , looking at ana . 
 `` or you will not be welcome at all . '' 
 she nodded like she understood , and anger lit my insides . 
 how could she just do what he said ? 
 why would she just go with him ? 
 how could she just leave me behind ? 
 `` riley . '' 
 her hand reached up and gripped my shirt . 
 `` we are n't meant for each other . 
 this can not be . '' 
 i wanted to hit something . 
 i wanted to rage and fight . 
 i wanted to kick lorn 's ass . 
 instead , i looked into ana 's green eyes . 
 eyes that i would always see when i looked at summer grass , and nodded . 
 `` i 'm going to give you what you want . '' 
 then i handed her to lorn . 
 when i would 've turned away , she grabbed my wrist , pulling me back . 
 `` do n't let this harden you , riley stone . 
 you 're going to find your place someday and you will understand . '' 
 i brought her hand up and pressed a kiss to her palm . 
 lorn gave me a cold stare and flew up into the sky , taking ana away . 
 i did n't have long to wallow because i was knocked off my feet by hecate . 
 she scrambled over me , toward the spot where the flower had once grown . 
 she pawed through the dirt , looking for something that was no longer there . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` no ! '' 
 there was satisfaction in knowing she was n't going to get what she was after , in knowing i was n't the only one not getting what i wanted . 
 i rose up , ready to attack her , to lay all my rage and pain into making her pay . 
 she looked at me , realization in her eyes , and then she smiled . 
 like a puff of smoke she disappeared . 
 robbing me of my chance at revenge . 
 i stood there alone , the fury of the storm still strong , and stared up at the sky where ana had gone . 
 her words echoed in my mind . 
 do n't let this harden you . 
 i was already hard . 
 but , now , i also knew what it was like to feel broken . 
 chapter twenty-five heven the sounds of kimber and hecate followed us as we raced to get the flower to safety . 
 the vision of riley 's face as he held ana in his arms blurred my vision worse than this torrential downpour ever could . 
 how had i completely missed that he 'd fallen in love ? 
 my heart ached for him , knowing it was likely they would n't be allowed together . 
 why did life always have to be so hard ? 
 why did it have to hurt so much ? 
 because if everything was easy it would n't be worth it . 
 sam 's words cut through my inner monologue and rang with truth . 
 he was right , of course . 
 did n't make it hurt any less . 
 sam broke free of the devourer 's cave and skidded to a stop next to the great dragon , whose breath was still labored and shallow . 
 i climbed off sam 's back , patting him like i would a horse , and his golden eyes rolled . 
 `` sorry , '' i said , sheepish . 
 `` habit . '' 
 the dragon made a sound and i rushed to his side . 
 `` everything 's okay , '' i soothed . 
 i held up the hoodie that held the flower . 
 `` we saved the flower . '' 
 his eyes wandered back toward the cave and i figured he was wondering about ana . 
 `` she 's going to be okay too . 
 i think she 's going to go home , to heaven . '' 
 he stared at the entrance to the cave for long moments , almost like he was thinking about someone else , before turning his eyes back to me . 
 i stroked a hand down his wide , feathered snout , ignoring the way the feathers shed . 
 sam came up behind me . 
 `` what should we do now ? '' 
 he asked , his body now back in human form . 
 `` we need to hide that flower . '' 
 `` ana said someone would come for it . 
 someone we could trust . '' 
 `` who could possibly come that we would trust enough to give them this flower ? '' 
 sam wondered out loud . 
 he was right . 
 there was barely anyone left to trust . 
 `` you can trust me , '' a familiar voice said , as she walked out of the cave . 
 `` gemma ! '' 
 i cried , rushing toward her , a smile breaking my face . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` i did n't think i 'd ever see you again . '' 
 i wanted to hug her , but my arms were full with the hoodie and flower . 
 `` i - '' gemma began but was cut off by another familiar voice behind her . 
 `` she 's been with me . '' 
 i completely forgot about the load in my arms as i stared at the person who walked out of the cave . 
 it would have landed in a heap had it not been for gemma , who reached out to snatch it out of the air . 
 `` oh my god . 
 cole ! '' 
 i rushed forward , running toward my brother , who i was sure i would never see again . 
 i plowed into him , nearly knocking us both over , and he laughed and wrapped his arms around me . 
 `` sister , '' he said , and i could tell he was smiling . 
 i was n't ready to let go just yet , and i hugged him harder , squeezing him until my arms ached . 
 `` i thought you were dead ! 
 what happened ? 
 how 'd you get here ? '' 
 i said , all the words muffled and jumbled against his chest . 
 he laughed and i heard it rumble through his chest before he pulled me back to stare down into my face . 
 his eyes were bluer than they 'd ever been , his skin clearer , and his face truly happy . 
 he looked wonderful . 
 `` explain ! '' 
 i demanded . 
 he grinned and looked over my shoulder at gemma , his eyes holding a little extra twinkle . 
 `` turns out gemma was wrong , '' he told me . 
 `` wrong ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` loving her is n't a punishable crime . '' 
 `` i want the details ! '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i 'd let you mind rob me and see for yourself , but , uh ... there 's things in my head that little sisters should n't see . '' 
 `` cole . '' 
 gemma groaned . 
 he wagged his eyebrows at me . 
 `` long story short : i got to heaven . 
 i told them i was in love with one of their fallen and if that meant i could n't have my body , then they could take it right then . 
 they told me i was allowed to keep my body , and then they offered me a job . '' 
 `` a job ? '' 
 sam said , joining the conversation . 
 `` actually , they offered us both a job , '' gemma added . 
 `` what 's the job ? '' 
 `` we 're the new keepers of the flower , '' cole said , motioning to the bundle gemma cradled in her arms . 
 `` well , if there was anyone we trust enough to give it to , it 's both of you , '' i said . 
 then i squinted at cole . 
 `` so you 're still dead ? '' 
 then i looked at gemma . 
 `` and you 're still fallen ? '' 
 cole nodded . 
 `` i 'm still dead . 
 i 'm not ever coming back , hev . '' 
 his face grew a little somber at that , but then gemma started talking and his focus shifted to her . 
 `` i 'm not fallen anymore , but i did n't get any wings . 
 all the fighting i 've been doing for all these years , the protecting of earth , earned me back my angel status . '' 
 she glanced at cole . 
 `` and the fact that i put him above my heart and would n't act on my feelings . '' 
 `` hmph , '' cole said , but then he smiled . 
 `` we were told that we were perfect to take the flower and the island and protect it . 
 they realized it was a mistake to keep ana and all the other caretakers alone . '' 
 `` so you two get to be together after all ? '' 
 `` forever , '' cole said , looking at gemma , his eyes warming . 
 `` death looks good on ya , '' sam told him , holding up a fist . 
 cole bumped his fist against sam 's and grinned . 
 `` guess this time death was the answer , '' he told him . 
 `` you got me there . '' 
 sam conceded . 
 i had no idea what they were talking about . 
 i glanced at gemma and she shrugged . 
 then i realized something . 
 `` the island ! 
 it 's destroyed . 
 hecate found it and - '' gemma and cole were nodding , like they already knew what i was telling them . 
 `` we know . 
 there 's a new island . 
 it 's been relocated to a secret place , '' gemma said , her eyes growing serious . 
 `` you ca n't tell us , '' i said , flat . 
 `` no , '' cole said . 
 `` no one will ever know its location . '' 
 `` i 'm never going to see you again , am i ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he shook his head slowly , his face drawing down into a frown . 
 i hugged him again , trying to memorize every last detail about him that i could . 
 `` i 'm going to miss you , cole . 
 so much . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` yeah , me too . '' 
 he pulled back , tucking a stray hair behind my ear . 
 `` take care of yourself , huh ? 
 stop getting into so much trouble . '' 
 i nodded , unable to speak because tears clogged my throat . 
 finally , i said , `` i 'm glad you have gemma . 
 i want you to be happy . '' 
 `` i will be , sis . 
 and so will you . '' 
 he spoke the words with utter certainty , and i wondered if with death came knowledge or if someone up in heaven told him so . 
 the ground beneath our feet began to rumble and shake . 
 lightning cracked through the sky . 
 i worried about riley . 
 `` we got ta go , '' cole said , glancing at gemma , who nodded . 
 my heart turned over at the idea of letting him go so soon after just getting him back . 
 he turned to sam . 
 `` watch over my sister . '' 
 sam nodded . 
 `` good luck , man . '' 
 they did that fist bump thing again and i turned to gemma , giving her a one-armed hug around the flower . 
 `` thank you so much for everything , gemma . 
 you 'll always be my sister , no matter where you are . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` and you are mine . '' 
 the ground shook again , this time more violently . 
 cole stepped over to gemma , wrapping an arm around her shoulder and pulling her into his side . 
 he pressed a kiss to her cheek and whispered , `` i told you i 'd pay any price . 
 so worth it . '' 
 the look of utter joy on her face was enough to keep me from crying as they disappeared from sight . 
 we stared at the space they 'd been for long moments after they were gone . 
 one of my biggest wishes had always been for my brother to be happy . 
 and now he would be . 
 forever . 
 heven we were still standing in the same spot , staring at the space my brother and gemma had been , when riley and kimber came ripping through the cave . 
 `` i do n't mean to interrupt your vacation , but the island is collapsing into the sludge , hecate 's still on the loose , and we need to get the hell out of here , like yesterday , '' riley said as silver bolts cracked through his dark eyes . 
 kimber was standing just behind him , looking pretty worn out from her fight with hecate . 
 riley saw me looking at her and he angled himself so he blocked her from sight . 
 `` now 's not really a good time for a bash crazy party . '' 
 `` i am not crazy ! '' 
 kimber snapped behind him . 
 i did n't feel like fighting with kimber anymore . 
 i did n't feel like hating her for everything she 'd done . 
 sure , not that long ago i thought we might be able to get back to some sort of friendship , but then she killed cole . 
 no , she had n't meant to do it . 
 but she did . 
 and that was something i would never forget . 
 maybe i would forgive her , especially knowing that cole got his happy ending after all , but it would n't be today . 
 today i no longer hated her ; any feelings i had for kimber pretty much were gone . 
 the ground under us began to crack and separate , widening apart until sam and i were on one section and riley and kimber were on another . 
 `` we 've got to get out of here ! '' 
 sam said and behind us the devourer made a sound . 
 the weakened dragon had pushed to his feet and was crouching down , waiting for us . 
 sam grabbed my hand and we ran over the unsteady ground toward the devourer and climbed on his back . 
 `` riley ! '' 
 i yelled , looking at him and kimber who were still trapped on the other side . 
 riley said something to kimber i could n't hear and then he shifted , his clothes shredding and eyes flashing . 
 kimber climbed onto his back and riley backed up and then took a running leap across the divided ground , airborne over the black sludge . 
 i gasped when a demon leapt out of the water , grabbing for him , but he snapped his jaws and then landed on our side and ran toward the dragon . 
 kimber climbed off his back and riley shifted back into his human form . 
 the devourer made a sound at him , tossing his head in riley 's direction . 
 to my surprise , riley smiled and patted its head . 
 `` i knew you 'd wait for me , bud . 
 thanks . '' 
 i glanced at sam and his face mirrored my shock . 
 had riley bonded with the dragon he used to refer to as an `` overgrown bird ? '' 
 i guess stranger things had happened . 
 `` red , how about some clothes ? '' 
 riley said , preparing to climb onto the dragon . 
 kimber waved her hand at him and he was covered by jeans , boots , and a black leather jacket . 
 then she turned her magic on sam and covered him too . 
 the minute riley was on the devourer 's back , we took off up into the air , and i watched as the last of the dragon 's lair was swallowed by the black sludge . 
 i was a slightly worried about the four of us on the dragon 's back , knowing he felt so weak , but he seemed to be handling our extra weight okay , and for a moment i allowed myself to take a deep breath . 
 `` how 's your soul feel ? '' 
 sam said over the rushing wind as we flew . 
 i did an inner check , making sure i did n't feel any of the telltale signs that my soul was beginning to separate from my body . 
 it was n't . 
 i felt fine . 
 in fact , nothing inside me even felt tempted to try to escape , to twist . 
 everything felt ... right . 
 like i was finally being who i was meant to be all this time . 
 i felt myself smile . 
 `` i 'm good . '' 
 i leaned forward so riley could hear me from his position on the front of the dragon . 
 `` we need to find those souls . '' 
 he nodded and leaned down over the devourer . 
 `` if you know where those soul 's are , now is the time to show us , '' he shouted . 
 the devourer looked back , his eyes connecting with me , and i nodded . 
 his wings snapped out and he glided in an arch through the ashy , sunless sky . 
 we flew silently for a while over barren landscape , and then it started to change , to become ... populated ? 
 `` this must be one of the princes ' land riley was telling us about , '' sam said , leaning up and talking in my ear . 
 it was unlike anything i would have imagined . 
 after seeing the wasteland that beelzebub called home , i thought they would all have similar lands . 
 well , i was totally wrong . 
 it kind of looked like the pictures i 'd seen of las vegas . 
 it was like a mini city with tall buildings made of silver steel , long strips of one-story buildings with gold lights lining the rooftops , and archways over the roads that blinked with many different colors . 
 there were even a couple cars that drove beneath the archways , speeding along like they were out for a thrill ride . 
 and in the center of it all was ... a castle . 
 a golden castle , gaudy with all the bling all over it . 
 it even had a giant fountain with alternating sprays of real water that would shoot out of the center and then dance with each other . 
 i blinked , thinking i was seeing things , but when i opened my eyes again it was all still there . 
 `` why do i feel like i just stepped onto the set of a movie where the gangsters rule the city ? '' 
 sam said . 
 it did kind of look like a place only the mob would run . 
 exactly the kind of place i did n't care to visit . 
 just as the thought entered my mind we seemed to drop about twenty feet out of the sky . 
 kimber let out a shriek and i looked up to see the devourer trying to regain the height that we lost . 
 he fumbled through the sky a bit , unable to take us any higher and the ride feeling like we were on the most turbulent airline flight in the history of the world . 
 my stomach leapt into my throat and i swallowed , trying to push it back . 
 `` he 's too weak , '' riley yelled over his shoulder and then hunched over the dragon 's head . 
 we continued to sputter through the sky , lower and lower until i thought we might crash into one of the high-rises . 
 sam grabbed me around the waist , locking his arms , bracing us for the impact . 
 with one great last heave , the dragon managed to throw out his wings to propel us gently onto the ground . 
 the four of us scrambled off him and i ran up to his head where he looked at me with apology in his eyes . 
 `` it 's okay , big guy , '' i said , stroking his neck . 
 `` it 's been a long day and we 're a heavy load . '' 
 his breath was warm when he blew it out , fluttering the ends of my hair . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 kimber asked from behind . 
 `` keep searching . 
 the souls might be close . 
 we 've come a pretty long way . 
 maybe they 're just beyond this prince 's land , '' i said , turning to really look where the dragon brought us down . 
 this place was even more over the top from the ground . 
 you practically needed sunglasses with all the lights and bling . 
 `` well , '' i said , trying to be positive , `` at least we do n't need a flashlight . '' 
 riley snorted . 
 `` this place looks like vegas vomit . '' 
 `` we should probably put some distance between us and these buildings . 
 we do n't really want anyone wondering what we 're doing . '' 
 sam cautioned . 
 `` what about the devourer ? '' 
 i looked back at the dragon lying on the ground , looking exhausted and gray . 
 `` we 'll come back for him . 
 no one 's gon na mess with a soul eater , '' riley said . 
 `` we 'll be back , '' i told him , hoping he understood . 
 the four of us moved away , trying to avoid the brightest of lights . 
 but it did n't matter , because we 'd already been seen . 
 we barely got anywhere before a black limousine pulled up in front of us , blocking our path . 
 we all stopped as the door to the long ride opened and a man unfolded himself from the back seat . 
 `` are these the renegades i 've been hearing whisperings of ? '' 
 he asked before he was even fully out of the limo . 
 `` tell me which one of you exploded beelzebub 's castle and stole a harley from leviathan ? '' 
 he sounded almost like he was pleased to see us . 
 we all stood there , staring , not saying a word . 
 i mean , really , what was there to say when you crash-land in the middle of a mobster paradise and then are greeted by a man who looked like he was probably a pimp ? 
 he was dressed in black slacks , black dress shoes that had been shined so much i was sure i would be able to see my reflection in them , a white dress shirt that was open halfway down his chest -lrb- gag -rrb- and about ten different gold chains hanging around his neck . 
 he had gold earrings in both his ears , rings on almost all his fingers , and a pair of aviator sunglasses with diamonds on the sides over his eyes -lrb- did someone forget to tell him there was no sun here in hell ? -rrb- . 
 his head was shaved completely bald , but he had a goatee that was made up of black hair . 
 sam and riley immediately angled themselves in front of kimber and me and i did n't bother trying to move around them . 
 i did n't really care to have a front row seat of this guy 's fashion show . 
 `` no one wants to admit to the fun they 've been having ? '' 
 he said when we all continued to be silent . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 sam asked . 
 i peaked around sam to see the man smile . 
 `` asmodeus , prince of lust . '' 
 `` well , that explains that , '' kimber muttered . 
 `` pleased to meet you . 
 now if you 'll excuse us , we were just passing through , '' riley said , and we all moved forward as one unit . 
 asmodeus laughed like we made a really funny joke and then the sound fell away abruptly . 
 `` i 'm afraid that i can not allow you to just leave . '' 
 of course not . 
 nothing is ever easy . 
 `` we were n't really asking . '' 
 riley growled . 
 `` yes , well , you can image my dilemma . 
 all the damage you have caused around hell , well , it would just be irresponsible of me to let you go and just destroy my beautiful home . '' 
 `` we wo n't destroy anything , '' i said , stepping out around sam . 
 `` you have our word . '' 
 his eyes snapped to me the minute i revealed myself . 
 `` well , '' he said , looking me over , `` are n't you positively lust-worthy ? '' 
 sam stiffened . 
 i smiled . 
 `` thank you . 
 i can assure you we wo n't cause any problems . 
 we 're on our way out . '' 
 `` to where ? '' 
 he asked , not taking his eyes off me . 
 i wanted to squirm under his gaze , but i forced myself to remain still . 
 `` to ... '' my voice trailed away when i realized i had no good cover story . 
 `` to a place that is none of your business . '' 
 riley snapped . 
 annoyance flashed in asmodeus 's eyes . 
 `` you 're the one leviathan wants , are n't you ? '' 
 he said , finally looking away from me and to riley . 
 `` he said the one he was after had a mouth . '' 
 riley grinned . 
 this was about to turn ugly . 
 we were wasting precious time that could be spent searching for the souls . 
 the longer we were down here , the greater the chance more things could go wrong . 
 and then kimber stepped around riley . 
 `` you 'll have to forgive him . 
 he has the manners of a toad , '' she said , her voice all smooth and soft . 
 asmodeus 's eyes about fell out of his head . 
 kimber had changed her appearance so she no longer looked battle weary and dull into something that would rival a showgirl . 
 her red hair was down around her shoulders in big glossy waves , her makeup was flawless right down to her peachy lips , and her dress was gorgeous . 
 it was all deep green silk , hugging every curve she had , and her thin waist was further accentuated by a thin black ribbon of silk with a diamond broach securing it . 
 she was wearing a necklace made completely of diamonds -lrb- or crystals -rrb- and it hung right down into the peak of cleavage showing . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 asmodeus said , turning so he was facing kimber . 
 `` kimber , '' she said , stopping at his side and holding out her hand like she expected him to take it . 
 `` i have the unfortunate luck of being dragged through hell by these ... renegades . '' 
 asmodeus took her hand , kissing the back of it like she was royalty , and to her credit she did n't cringe at all , though her aura went all cloudy so i knew she was n't enjoying the attention . 
 `` my dear , you are far too magnificent to be with the likes of these people . '' 
 `` what 's a girl to do ? '' 
 she worried . 
 `` i 'll take care of you . 
 you 'll never want for anything again . 
 you will be treated like the queen you are . '' 
 her aura went muddy again and i watched her take a deep breath . 
 `` so if i stay here with you , you 'll let them go ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` i do n't know - '' kimber snatched away her hand . 
 `` i just do n't think i can stand to see them anymore . 
 oh , the things they 've put me through . '' 
 asmodeus grabbed up her hand again . 
 `` of course . 
 yes . 
 fine , they can go , but you will stay . '' 
 `` no , '' sam argued . 
 `` we are n't leaving her here . '' 
 asmodeus got an angry look on his face and i remembered he was n't just a guy who looked like a pimp . 
 he was prince of hell , powerful beyond any of us , and making him angry was not a good idea . 
 kimber laid a hand on the prince 's arm . 
 `` give me one moment ? '' 
 `` for you , anything . '' 
 she smiled and then walked toward us , her smile falling away when her back was to the prince . 
 `` what the hell are you doing , red ? '' 
 riley asked , grim . 
 `` getting you a free pass out of here . '' 
 she sniffed . 
 `` we ca n't just leave you here , '' sam argued . 
 kimber and i locked eyes . 
 up until this point i had said nothing at all . 
 was i really going to let my old best friend make this kind of sacrifice for us ? 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` please , heven . '' 
 she scoffed . 
 `` you are n't the only one that can act like a martyr , you know . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 she sighed . 
 `` i deserve this . 
 after what i did to cole ... '' her words fell away . 
 sam opened his mouth to say something and i cut him off . 
 `` you think this makes up for you killing him ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but at least this way no one else gets hurt . '' 
 `` except for you , '' riley said . 
 `` i owe you this much , heven , '' kimber said , looking me in the eyes . 
 her aura rang with truth . 
 she really was doing this because she thought it was her way of making up for all the bad things she 's done . 
 i nodded . 
 i was going to let her do this . 
 she moved to turn away and i caught her wrist . 
 `` kimber . '' 
 i released her when she turned back , sorrow filling her aura . 
 `` do n't stay down here forever . 
 find a way out . '' 
 she gave me a half-smile . 
 `` you know me . 
 i always land on my feet . '' 
 we looked at each other for a few more long moments . 
 `` thank you . 
 for doing this , '' i finally said . 
 she smiled and then straightened her shoulders and turned back , walking to asmodeus 's side . 
 `` now , go ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` get out of here where i 'll never have to see you again ! '' 
 sam and i began to walk away . 
 riley hesitated , staring at kimber until she glanced his way and mouthed the word `` go '' to him . 
 and then there was only sam , riley , and me . 
 as we walked away i heard kimber being ushered into the limo and asmodeus once again exclaiming over her beauty . 
 i did n't look back . 
 looking back was useless . 
 all that was left was to look ahead . 
 chapter twenty-six heven we walked forever it seemed . 
 the mood that cloaked us was sullen and dark . 
 not even riley found it in him to make a few snarky quips to lighten the mood . 
 it had been a long road to the path i was on now . 
 i used to be a sparkly teenager , carefree , beautiful , and without a care in the world . 
 but then i was attacked , disfigured , stalked , killed , brought back to life , and given a destiny i did n't really want . 
 but destiny waits for no one . 
 my destiny meant the end of life for some people that i truly loved-my mother , cole , logan ... even my grandpa who died for me before i even knew what life would bring . 
 but destiny also brought me some good things . 
 like sam . 
 and even riley . 
 it showed me i was stronger than i ever knew . 
 it showed me i was beautiful no matter what my face looks like and it showed me life was a gift-a gift that i fully intended to make the most of . 
 as soon as we got out of hell . 
 `` do you think we 'll ever find these souls ? '' 
 riley asked , drawing me out of thought . 
 `` absolutely , '' i said , knowing with every inch of my being we were getting close . 
 `` we 're almost there . '' 
 `` how do you know , hev ? '' 
 sam asked . 
 `` because i can feel them , '' i replied , realizing it was true . 
 they called to me , a song no one else knew , a secret only i was told , and a path only i could walk . 
 riley could have looked for these souls for years and he never would have found them . 
 because he was n't the soul reaper . 
 i was . 
 `` they 're just ahead , '' i said , my voice becoming hushed and the insistence within me building , creating coiled tension that i wanted so badly to release . 
 i began to run , toward a place i could n't see , facing an endless horizon of gray , but knowing deep within me they were there and they were waiting . 
 sam and riley ran after me , not knowing , but trusting me enough to believe . 
 and then i stopped . 
 i looked down . 
 i was standing at the edge of a cliff , looking out over a vast display of land below . 
 a land overfull with writhing souls . 
 finally , we 'd made it . 
 we 'd arrived at the soul graveyard . 
 it was a sight i would never ever forget . 
 in a way it was much more tame than i imagined this place to be-but that almost made it worse . 
 because the souls here were suffering , immeasurably , and while i had a taste of what being trapped in black nothingness was like , i knew i had no idea how these souls suffered . 
 sam and riley stepped forward and i took a moment to draw strength from the two men flanking me . 
 `` it really is like a graveyard , '' sam said , his voice hushed . 
 that 's exactly what it was like . 
 an awful , sad graveyard of stolen souls . 
 i stared out at the expanse of nothing . 
 the landscape was bare , looking as if it had been burned and all signs of life snuffed out . 
 ash fell from the lifeless , empty sky and covered the ground , giving it a tomblike feel . 
 the souls were left out in the open , in the middle of nowhere where surely the urge to run and find a way out would tempt them , would make them ache for escape ... yet there was no way to escape because they were held in place by chains . 
 it was cruel . 
 there were thousands of them . 
 i could tell the ones that had been here the longest because they were shriveled and dark , the core of the soul black and empty . 
 whatever hope they had about being allowed peace in death had long been destroyed . 
 but there were others-others who had been here less time-or maybe they were those who 'd never given up hope . 
 their souls were lighter , brighter , and i knew they would find peace . 
 some of them fought the chains that held them , but most just seemed to accept the fact there was no escape . 
 my mother was among these souls . 
 had she given up hope ? 
 would she find peace ? 
 `` we need to get down there . 
 we need to break the chains , '' i said , unable to look at the sight laid out before me any longer . 
 `` the ground slopes down into the valley over there , '' sam said , pointing around to the side of the cliff we were on . 
 `` let 's go , '' i urged , turning to run . 
 my enthusiasm was short-lived . 
 because when i turned i came face to face with my own personal demon . 
 beelzebub . 
 he was back in the body of a dark-haired man with a wide chest and shoulders . 
 my first instinct was to step back , to cower . 
 everything about him repulsed and terrified me . 
 he 'd killed so many people i loved , and i knew-knew without a doubt-he would n't hesitate to kill anyone i had left . 
 it was in that fear i suddenly found strength . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i said , planting my feet and lifting my chin . 
 i would n't back down . 
 never again . 
 `` did you think i would allow you to set these souls free , taking away the source of my power ? '' 
 well , i 'd hoped . 
 `` i thought you were banished from hell , '' sam said , standing strong at my side . 
 `` details , '' he said , like it did n't matter . 
 `` it seems the commotion you all started over on the island was the perfect diversion for me to get back . '' 
 a low growl caught in riley 's throat at the mention of the island where ana once lived . 
 `` seems with all the uproar going on , it 's the perfect time for me to take control . '' 
 he stepped toward me and snatched my arm . 
 `` come along , '' he said , yanking me forward . 
 `` let us go introduce the souls to their new ruler . '' 
 i jerked backward , trying to dislodge the hold he had on my arm , but his grip held strong . 
 a low sound emanated from within sam and he moved closer . 
 beelzebub sneered . 
 `` stand down , beast . '' 
 and before any of us could do or say anything , he literally stepped right off the cliff , dragging me with him . 
 i screamed as i dropped through the air , plummeting toward the unforgiving ground . 
 my stomach pushed its way past all the organs in my body and lodged in my throat . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , but sam called out my name and they snapped back open . 
 i tried to look up , to somehow reassure him i would be okay , but all i could see was the solid ground and how quickly it approached us . 
 my entire body spasmed , tightening in on itself and trying to ready for the impact that would surely crush my bones . 
 beelzebub landed like a cat on his feet , and i landed just as gracefully beside him . 
 i looked around wildly , taking stock of my body and wondering why nothing inside me screamed with unbearable pain . 
 i could only assume the reason i was n't a crumpled mess of shattered bones and skin was because he somehow protected me . 
 even though i was unharmed , my legs wobbled uncontrollably , my stomach still was n't where it belonged , and my heart ... well , i was lucky it had n't exploded inside my chest from beating so hard . 
 `` did that scare you ? '' 
 he asked in mock concern . 
 `` what a shame . '' 
 i ripped my arm from his grasp and stumbled backward , falling onto my butt , the hard landing effectively shoving my stomach back where it belonged . 
 i swallowed back a wave of nausea and then got to my feet , trying not to stumble . 
 do n't let him win , i told myself . 
 i 'm coming , heven , sam told me , and i looked up to where i 'd stood only seconds before . 
 it made me shaky all over again to see the sheer distance i 'd fallen . 
 please , be careful-both of you , i told him , not bothering to hide the desperation in my thoughts . 
 i watched as sam and riley raced across the edged of the cliff toward the slope that would bring them to my location . 
 it was n't a short distance and i knew it would be minutes before they could reach us . 
 instead of feeling fear that i was standing here alone with the man who was responsible for my worst nightmares , i was relieved . 
 i did n't want sam or riley anywhere near him . 
 i knew when they reached my side all hell would break loose-another fight of epic proportions . 
 i shivered when i remembered the last epic fight we had with beelzebub , the fight when logan died . 
 no one else was going to die . 
 i would n't to allow it . 
 i speared him with a look and the flames started at his feet , incinerating his shoes and burning away his pants . 
 i stood there watching , waiting for him to scream in agony , for him to run around in circles , in need of help . 
 it did n't happen . 
 he smirked at me instead . 
 `` did you really think i would n't have taken some precautions with you-given our history with flames ? '' 
 seriously ? 
 i finally get a cool power as a human flame thrower and he finds a way around it . 
 i did n't bother to try to put out the fire . 
 it would n't work anyway , and besides , even knowing he would n't burn to death , it gave me some satisfaction to watch him ablaze . 
 he put the flames out himself , giving me a dirty look . 
 `` stop trying to kill me . 
 you 're only wasting the energy best used to boss around my souls . '' 
 his words angered me-angered me so deeply i actually saw spots before my eyes . 
 `` they are n't your souls . '' 
 i growled , taking on the same kind of snarl i 'd seen only sam manage . 
 up until this point i 'd never really felt like the soul reaper . 
 sure , the title was bestowed upon me , but i had n't actually felt what it meant until coming to the edge of that cliff , peering over its jagged edges , and looking out over the vast open space meant for suffering . 
 these people had hopes and dreams , family and friends ... they 'd loved and been loved . 
 and now look at them . 
 reduced to being someone else 's meal . 
 in truth , they belonged to no one but themselves and the evidence of that was in the chains that bound them . 
 for if they truly belonged here , they would n't have to be held down . 
 `` how dare you ? '' 
 i snapped , advancing on him , forgetting about the powers he held , forgetting all the wicked things he 'd done to me . 
 `` how dare you take away someone 's right to die in peace ? '' 
 i do n't know what he saw on my face , i do n't know what he saw in my eyes , but he actually took a step back . 
 he seemed to realize his action as well and a look of utter loathing and disbelief crossed his face . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` you dare try to intimidate me ! 
 me ? '' 
 he threw up his hands and used that invisible power he brandished so well , lifting me off my feet and throwing me backward through the air . 
 my body groaned when i hit the ground , but i jumped right back to my feet . 
 i suspected he , once again , shielded me from worse injury , but i was n't about to thank him . 
 i lit him on fire again , knowing it would n't really hurt him but needing to do something . 
 it served as a distraction , taking his attention away from me and back to his burning body . 
 i took the chance to run at him , going in low and tackling him . 
 he landed on the ground with a hard oomph and me straddling his waist . 
 the flames still burned , enveloping us both in a curtain of raging red . 
 heven ! 
 what the hell are you thinking ? 
 get away from him ! 
 run . 
 sam 's voice was insistent in my head , but i was n't listening . 
 i was done running . 
 i was going to see this through . 
 beelzebub was n't going to kill me . 
 he already made that clear . 
 i was worth more alive . 
 and he 'd already hurt me so many times that he could n't possibly do worse . 
 i might not be able to kill him , but i could make him suffer . 
 i reared my hand back , noting how the flames wrapped around my skin like a glove , like a caress . 
 then i plowed it into beelzebub 's face . 
 `` that was for my mother ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 his head actually jerked under the force of my hit and his eyebrow caught on fire . 
 he screamed in shock . 
 he was used to me cowering , running . 
 i hit him again , feeling the sting in my hand from the force of my hit , and i smiled . 
 `` that was for logan ! '' 
 he sputtered , bucking beneath me , ready to throw me off . 
 `` oh no you do n't . '' 
 i growled and drove my fist into his nose . 
 i was rewarded with the splattering of blood across his face . 
 `` and that ... '' i snarled as flames roared around us , burning holes in my clothes and making sweat drip off my skin . 
 `` that was for me . '' 
 `` you bitch ! '' 
 he roared , throwing up his hands and tossing me away violently . 
 my body flailed like a ragdoll tossed through the air and i knew with utter certainty that this time when i hit , he would n't shield me from injury . 
 but i did n't care . 
 it felt so good to punch him that i would take any punishment . 
 i swear to god , heven , you 're going to kill me , sam said . 
 i 'm not going to make it . 
 god , baby , i 'm not going to be able to catch you . 
 it 's okay , sam , i said . 
 and then i hit the ground . 
 sam did n't catch me . 
 but someone else did . 
 a bunch of someones , actually . 
 where i landed-where i should have landed-was right in the center of the graveyard among the souls . 
 my souls . 
 they had risen up , allied together to form a sort of net to cushion my fall . 
 instead of smacking into the ground and being stricken with immeasurable pain , i landed softly-so softly , in fact , i did n't even lose my breath . 
 the souls glowed around me , hopeful and protective , wrapping my body in security and gratitude . 
 gratitude just for coming , for trying to set them free . 
 my eyes filled with tears , blurring my vision , as they lowered me ever so carefully to the ground . 
 i stood immediately , very careful where i set my feet , trying not to harm them or disrupt any kind of comfort they might have been able to find where they lay . 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered . 
 `` i have n't done anything yet to deserve your gratitude , your help , but i swear to you , i will . '' 
 i heard the pounding of feet and looked up to see sam and riley skid to a stop at the edge of the souls . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i called to them . 
 `` stay back . '' 
 sam 's chest heaved and sweat poured down his face . 
 i could see the whites of his widened eyes , and i felt the panic that filled him . 
 it 's going to be fine , sam , i told him , knowing with absolute clarity it was . 
 `` that little show of defiance will not go unpunished , '' beelzebub roared , drawing our attention . 
 he began to stomp toward me , right into where the souls were chained , his feet pounding them . 
 each step he took speared me . 
 i could feel their pain ; i knew he was hurting them . 
 rage swelled inside me . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i cried , and not far from the souls a fire began to blaze . 
 `` how dare you treat human beings this way ! '' 
 he laughed , a cold maniacal laugh . 
 `` all i see here are batteries . '' 
 tears prickled the backs of my eyes as i looked around for something , anything i could use as a weapon . 
 i was so angry i shook . 
 i began picking my way through the souls , doing my best not to hurt them . 
 beelzebub began to laugh , his feet stomping harder , and he kicked out , sending one of the souls still filled with hope into the air , only to be cruelly dragged back down by the chains that held it . 
 i swear i heard it cry . 
 a strangled sound escaped me and i changed course , moving faster , going straight for him . 
 he narrowed his eyes and lifted his hands once more to toss me with his stupid , invisible power . 
 `` you coward ! '' 
 i spat . 
 `` you can keep throwing me back , but i 'll keep coming . '' 
 i felt rather than saw sam pacing the edge of the souls , measuring the distance between us . 
 stay back , sam . 
 do n't come closer . 
 this is between him and me . 
 you ca n't honestly think - he began , but i cut him off . 
 yes . 
 i do . 
 this fight has always been between him and me , and it ends now . 
 i felt a stirring inside me , a stirring around me , and i knew what it meant . 
 i smiled . 
 `` bring it on . '' 
 i taunted beelzebub , planting my feet among the souls and reaching my fingertips toward the ground . 
 he flexed his fingers-the smallest of movements , the tiniest of gestures . 
 i felt the power fling from him . 
 i ignored it , reaching down past the deepest parts of me , past my heart and my soul , into a place i never knew was there . 
 and i began to draw power . 
 it came from the hardness beneath my feet , from the air around my hands . 
 the connection i felt to the souls was the source , and in that moment they were indeed like batteries . 
 the biggest damn batteries you would ever find . 
 my eyes snapped up toward beelzebub and the invisible power barreling straight toward me , and i lifted my arms and pushed . 
 everything around us slowed . 
 time might have stopped . 
 i felt the breath that filled my lungs . 
 i felt every single heartbeat that pumped blood through my veins . 
 i felt the tremor that moved through sam as he readied himself to shift and leap into the fight , and finally , finally i felt the irrefutable strength that i had always harbored deep within . 
 there was a great , sharp crack in the space between my nemesis and me , our power colliding . 
 the final battle between us raged . 
 when i would have normally thrown my arm over my face and hunched toward the ground , i did n't . 
 when i would have screamed and flinched , i stood tall . 
 i made no sound . 
 i looked out over the souls , their forms solidifying . 
 in fact , i actually caught the outline of a face , of the person that once owned the soul . 
 it smiled . 
 a ripple tore through the air so forcefully i was knocked off my feet . 
 my hair blew backward and ash from the ground stirred up around us . 
 i watched as the powers-so great-fought for control , and i planted my feet once more , standing behind my best defense . 
 i thought of hope . 
 of love . 
 the power before me seemed to split beelzebub 's in two , shattering it , and it fell like rain among us . 
 and then my power-the power that came from within and fueled by the souls-barreled forward , knocking him over , slamming him into the ground where he lay motionless among the beings he dared to call batteries . 
 the souls quivered around him , rising up and almost blocking him completely from view . 
 they seemed to look to me for approval , and i nodded , granting them whatever permission they sought . 
 beelzebub was swarmed instantly . 
 he began to scream ; he began to choke and fight . 
 i backed away carefully . 
 the sounds of whatever they were doing to him made my stomach churn . 
 when i got toward the edge , my foot caught on a chain and i fell backward , but my momentary panic was cut short when warm , strong arms encircled me from behind . 
 i glanced up and over my shoulder at sam as he towed me gently against him . 
 `` i got you , '' he said , smiling . 
 i reached up to touch his cheek , my finger leaving a smudge of ash against his perfectly golden skin . 
 `` this is n't the hallmark channel . '' 
 riley cut in . 
 `` and there 's a prince over there being ... eaten or something by an angry mob . '' 
 he pinned me with a stare . 
 `` what the hell did you just do ? '' 
 sam 's arms tightened around me , giving me a little squeeze , and i knew he understood as well as i did . 
 `` i used the power i always had and ended this war . '' 
 we all looked back to beelzebub , whose voice had grown hoarse from yelling and the sounds he made became more mottled and gurgling . 
 he was completely besieged under the souls that could reach him . 
 they were angry , angrier than i , and they finally had the chance to exact some kind of revenge . 
 i do n't really know what they did to him . 
 i do n't understand how those without bodies could kill a man , but as i watched him die , i understood the power within us was the most potent kind . 
 soon , his body went still , and the souls began to absorb it . 
 as it disappeared , the spirits doing the absorbing grew a little brighter . 
 beelzebub 's colorless soul drifted out of the melee and floated up , fumbling a bit like he was in a stupor . 
 `` quick ! '' 
 i cried , yanking the backpack off my shoulders and dumping everything out onto the ground . 
 `` put him in here ! '' 
 `` uh , yeah right , '' riley said with a dramatic eye roll . 
 i shot him a look . 
 `` in here , '' i demanded . 
 sam and riley shot forward , each grasping at the soul and it slipping right through their fingers . 
 he began to float higher , out of their reach , and i pinned him with a stare . 
 i was n't called the soul reaper for nothing . 
 i held up the backpack , pulling it open wide , and i stared at the soul , my gaze penetrating its empty depths until i found the core of its essence . 
 it was dark and twisty , so perverse in nature that i actually lost my grip on it for a moment and had to take a breath and renew my concentration . 
 but i did and then i pushed inside once more with my mind and took control , ignoring the attempts it made to force me out . 
 come to me , i demanded . 
 come to me . 
 against its struggles , it did as i instructed . 
 it floated toward me until it hovered just over the opening of the bag . 
 inside , i commanded . 
 it dropped inside and i quickly zipped up the bag , gripping it in both hands . 
 sam and riley were nearby , staring at me in shock . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` remind me not to piss you off anymore , '' riley said . 
 i snorted . 
 `` proud of you , '' sam mouthed and i actually blushed under his pride . 
 apparently i could be a total badass but still fall prey to girlish tendencies when my boyfriend paid me a compliment . 
 the soul in the bag began to struggle , making me forget my `` girlish tendencies . '' 
 i might have beat beelzebub and trapped his soul , but this still was n't over . 
 i stared at the souls and their indestructible binds . 
 `` how do we break the chains ? '' 
 i wondered , reaching down to yank on one . 
 it did n't budge . 
 sam 's hand wrapped around the chain below mine and he gave a hard yank . 
 the chain broke and the soul burst free . 
 it shot high up in the colorless sky , so high it disappeared . 
 but then it dropped back down and hovered nearby . 
 it twitched and kind of paced back and forth like it was confused . 
 `` it does n't know how to get out . 
 it does n't know where to go , '' i said . 
 this was something i had n't thought of at all . 
 i thought once i found the souls and set them free , they would all float up to heaven and be at peace . 
 i should have known nothing was that easy . 
 especially not in hell . 
 `` i have to help them crossover , '' i said , looking up at the guys . 
 `` do n't look at me . 
 i do n't know what to do . '' 
 riley shrugged . 
 `` if only this job came with an owner 's manual , '' i said wistfully . 
 sam grinned . 
 `` how about we get them all free , then figure out what to do with them . '' 
 i nodded and we all got to work trying to free the souls . 
 sam stopped in front of a black , twisted soul and frowned . 
 `` we should n't release these . 
 they 're already twisted . 
 the minute we let them free , they 'll turn into demons that we 'll just have to kill . '' 
 `` yeah , let 's only free the ones that look like they are n't twisted . '' 
 i agreed and went back to work , trying to break the chains and failing miserably . 
 after a few minutes i let out a frustrated yell . 
 `` i ca n't break any of these . 
 this is going to take forever . '' 
 sam and riley stopped breaking the chains to stare at me . 
 `` there has to be a better way . '' 
 then i remembered . 
 i reached into my pocket and pulled out the black velvet satchel filled with the last bit of dried flower petals ana gave me . 
 `` thank you , ana , '' i whispered . 
 i looked up at the guys . 
 `` i 'll use this . '' 
 but how to spread it out so it covered them all ? 
 there was a noise above and i looked up . 
 the devourer soared down and landed a few feet away . 
 he did n't look nearly as weak as when we left him at asmodeus 's land . 
 `` where 'd you get your energy from ? '' 
 i asked , running over to his side . 
 he regarded me with a silent stare . 
 `` not going to tell me , huh ? '' 
 when he did nothing else i climbed onto his back . 
 `` since you 're here , can i have some help ? '' 
 the devourer lifted off the ground , hovering above sam and riley , so i tossed down the bag containing beelzebub . 
 `` hold onto this , '' i called as we rose higher into the sky . 
 i loosened the drawstrings on the satchel that held the petal dust and poured some out onto my hand , preparing to sprinkle it over the souls . 
 `` but what about the black souls , the ones we do n't want to free yet ? '' 
 sam called from the ground . 
 `` this dust will only work on those souls that have hope , a little life in them that can still be saved . 
 the magic in this dust will fail to work on something evil . '' 
 i do n't know how i knew , but i did , and i trusted myself . 
 i nudged the dragon toward the center of the graveyard . 
 i held up my palm and began to blow gently on the dust . 
 at first it did n't seem to do anything , but then i began to notice this golden glow , this shimmering light that began to fall like gentle rain and spread over the souls . 
 i kept blowing the dust as the devourer gently flew in a wide arch over them all . 
 it was magical . 
 everything began to shimmer and the ash falling from the sky stopped . 
 the light began to grow brighter and more intense as the dragon touched back on the ground . 
 sam was there and reached out , lifting me off its back as we all watched in fascination at what was happening . 
 it was a beautiful sight ... then the screaming started . 
 it was tortured and loud . 
 the wailing sounds that came out from the glittering gold cloud were nothing short of horrible . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 sam yelled . 
 `` it 's the black souls . 
 they 're upset because they 're not being allowed to go free , '' i cried , hoping the horrible sounds would soon stop . 
 just then the lighter souls began to burst into the sky . 
 hundreds of them were shooting up and out of the gold . 
 it was a joyous sight and everything we 'd been through to get here suddenly seemed small compared to what these souls had been through . 
 soon , the gold dust began to thin out and the last of the souls shot into the sky . 
 golden glitter littered the ground and shimmered , a ray of sun in contrast to all the dead here in hell . 
 when the last of the souls were free , i turned from the glittering graveyard to see thousands of souls gathered around , almost like they were waiting for me to tell them what to do . 
 i looked up at the sky , wondering what to do next . 
 behind me , riley let out a low whistle . 
 `` heven , '' sam called , something strange in his voice . 
 i looked over my shoulder , out over the graveyard ... it was littered with dead bodies . 
 `` if you 'll just excuse me for one minute , '' i told the massive group of waiting souls -lrb- like i was some kind of hostess in a restaurant . 
 how was i supposed to know what soul etiquette was ? -rrb- 
 and joined the guys who were looking out over the bodies . 
 `` must be the twisted souls that remained chained . 
 maybe the dust somehow gave them their form back . '' 
 `` they would 've been better off as they were , '' riley said . 
 sam snorted . 
 `` for once i agree with you . '' 
 the bodies were demons , of course , and demons were never attractive , but these seemed more hideous than the others , probably because of everything they had to endure . 
 i almost felt happy for them that they were now spared the agony of being captured . 
 `` body removal was n't really in my plans today , '' sam said . 
 it was n't in mine , either . 
 `` just leave them . 
 it 's not like this place would be any prettier without them lying around cluttering up the place , '' said riley . 
 i was n't really sure that was the best thing , either , but it might be our only option . 
 i needed to get the souls out of here and we needed to figure out how to chain beelzebub . 
 `` let 's leave them . 
 see how beelzebub likes being chained with a bunch of dead , '' sam said , surprising me with his callousness . 
 i glanced at him and he shrugged . 
 `` after everything this guy has pulled '' - he held up the backpack that held a struggling dark soul - `` he deserves worse . '' 
 in the end it did n't really matter . 
 the decision was made for us . 
 `` look , '' i said , pointing to where the gold dust glittered on the ground . 
 we watched as it faded away , sparkling no more , and turned gray and lifeless like the rest of hell . 
 just as the last of it blinked away , all the leftover demon bodies turned to dust and disappeared . 
 `` we need to do something with him , '' sam said . 
 `` this bag is n't going to hold him much longer . '' 
 the backpack was being pummeled from the inside out , swinging around in sam 's grip as beelzebub fought against the thick fabric and zipper . 
 behind me the souls grew restless . 
 i could feel their sorrow and sudden unease . 
 i glanced back at them , noting the way they trembled . 
 `` i need to get them out of here , like now . '' 
 `` go , '' sam said . 
 `` riley and i can handle this . '' 
 the idea of splitting up was n't really in my plans , but i knew they could handle it . 
 i felt a rueful smile tug my lips . 
 `` you do realize you just suggested that i go off in hell , alone . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` you do n't need me to protect you anymore . '' 
 he was right . 
 i did n't . 
 i had n't needed his protection for a long time . 
 i needed something more important from him . 
 you 've got that too , hev . 
 his voice floated through my mind . 
 my heart 's been yours from the day i first saw you . 
 i smiled . 
 riley sighed dramatically . 
 `` if you two do n't stop i 'm going to let beelzebub out just to avoid puking . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'm going . '' 
 `` be careful , '' sam called as i climbed on the back of the devourer . 
 `` meet me at the fountain in portland , '' i called and gave them a wave as we took off into the sky , the souls trailing behind me like some weird parade . 
 i swear some days my life was just a little too hard to believe . 
 `` to the inbetween , '' i told the devourer as we soared through the sky . 
 it was the only place i knew to take them , a place where they would be safe and could cross over into heaven . 
 i just prayed airis would n't take one look at me and refuse them all entry . 
 chapter twenty-seven sam i watched her fly off into the depths of hell on the back of a dragon with a group of souls following behind . 
 even when i shifted the very first time , when i burst out of the kitchen and into the backyard , i never imagined all this . 
 i do n't think anything could have prepared me for what the next few years of my life would bring or the kind of things i would willingly do to protect the people i cared about most . 
 but i did n't regret any of it . 
 as i stood there in the worst place that ever existed , holding on to a bag filled with a dirty , stained soul , and watched the girl i loved more than anything fly off to finish this once and for all , the only thing i felt was proud . 
 `` are we gon na do this or what ? '' 
 riley asked , but when i looked at him he , too , was staring after heven as she disappeared from sight . 
 `` yeah . 
 let 's do this . '' 
 `` so how does one chain a soul to the floor of hell , exactly ? '' 
 riley wondered . 
 `` we 'll just use one of the chains , '' i said , stepping forward to reach for one and then stopping . 
 `` where the hell did they go ? '' 
 `` turned to dust with the bodies , '' fantastic , i thought , tightening the grip on the bag as it swung around . 
 `` someone 's getting angry , '' riley sang . 
 `` you actually did it , '' a voice from behind called . 
 riley and i turned to face lucifer , who was standing a few feet away looking out over the empty graveyard . 
 `` what a shame . 
 i was hoping you all would end up dead . '' 
 really . 
 what did you expect to hear from the devil ? 
 `` sorry to disappoint you , '' i said dryly . 
 `` where is beelzebub ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` did you manage to fail at something ? '' 
 i held up the bag . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` i 'm impressed , '' lucifer said , raising his eyebrows . 
 `` i know you 're the devil and totally vile and all , '' riley said casually , `` but do you think you might give us a hand in chaining him down ? '' 
 lucifer sighed . 
 `` i might as well . 
 i do need some source of power down here until i can build up a collection . '' 
 he said it so reasonably . 
 like stealing and feeding off souls was ordinary . 
 i guess to him it was . 
 he came forward and reached for the bag . 
 my eyes narrowed and i pulled it back . 
 `` please . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` like you could stop me if i wanted to take it . '' 
 he had a point . 
 damn it . 
 i handed over the bag and watched as he released the very angry soul of beelzebub . 
 he shot up into the sky only to be pulled back down by some unseen force that lucifer wielded , until he was low to the ground and struggling against the invisible binds . 
 `` i really need to get some of that invisible magic stuff , '' riley muttered . 
 we watched as the soul was dragged into the middle of the graveyard and black chains pushed through the granite floor , growing like slithering vines and shackling themselves around the soul , rendering him useless . 
 `` i warned you against your greed , '' lucifer said in a commanding tone . 
 `` you thought i would n't realize what you were trying to do ? 
 you thought i would allow you to come in here and take the very place i have built ! 
 i condemn you to the graveyard . 
 let you serve as an example of what happens to those who go against me ! '' 
 and then he turned away from the lonely , confined soul and looked at us . 
 `` are you sure i can not convince you to join me ? '' 
 we both shook our heads . 
 `` i could kill you for refusing . '' 
 `` we had a deal , '' i said , reminding him . 
 `` we do this and you let us be for the rest of our lives . '' 
 `` there is that , '' lucifer allowed . 
 `` what a pity . 
 we could have created beautiful chaos together . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll manage on your own , '' i said , knowing there was nothing i could do to stop him from continuing to spread anarchy . 
 `` yes , now if you 'll excuse me , there is bedlam to be had . '' 
 and then he disappeared . 
 `` funny , i thought he would kill us , '' riley said . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' i replied , not wanting to hang around to see if he 'd come back . 
 `` fine , but you 're getting a marble . 
 i 'm done with that black sludge . '' 
 he said it in a way that made me wonder what made him so tired of it . 
 `` fine , '' i agreed as we walked toward the nearest river of nasty . 
 `` so where did you get that convertible anyway ? '' 
 riley wondered . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` stole it . '' 
 i tried to remember , but the memory was hazy . 
 all the time i spent without the mindbond was . 
 `` what happened to the truck ? '' 
 `` gone , '' i said , wondering what kind of mess i was going to have to deal with when we got back to earth . 
 i vaguely remembered kimber doing whatever she did to cover it up , but i had no idea if it worked . 
 that problem did n't seem very big , all things considered . 
 i would deal with it when this was over . 
 `` think heven 's okay ? '' 
 riley said , looking up in the empty sky . 
 `` yeah , i do , '' i said , not needing to reach out through our mindbond , but trusting enough with my heart that she could take care of herself . 
 i got the marble and we made it back to the fountain in portland , my eyes searching for heven but seeing she was n't there . 
 doubt began to creep in , fear that something happened down there and she needed me . 
 i was pondering the fountain , thinking of jumping back in , when riley slapped a heavy hand on my shoulder . 
 `` give her five , '' he said . 
 `` if she is n't back i 'll help you rip up hell . '' 
 i nodded and turned to face riley , the guy i used to hate . 
 `` thanks for everything , man , '' i told him . 
 `` i guess you are n't so bad after all . '' 
 `` this is n't some sappy chick flick , dude . '' 
 i snorted and held up my fist . 
 he bumped his into mine . 
 that was the closest to a declaration of friendship riley and i would ever have . 
 but it was enough . 
 i glanced back at the fountain , waiting for heven to arrive . 
 waiting for all this to be over . 
 almost there , this was almost over . 
 another minute dragged by and still i waited . 
 we have n't come this far too lose it all , have we ? 
 heven in my haste to get the souls to safety and into the inbetween , one slight detail slipped my mind . 
 the fact that in order to cross through the gate of hell you had to cross through a wall of fire and a body of water . 
 as we approached the solid wall of flames , i realized even though i could pass through without being burned to death , the souls might not have the same luxury . 
 but we had n't come this far to turn back now . 
 it seemed i was facing one of my greatest challenges . 
 could i do it ? 
 could i control that wall of fire long enough to extinguish the flames for us to pass ? 
 starting fires was n't a problem for me , but putting them out ... that was a challenge . 
 and since i did n't even start this fire , i had no clue if it would even listen . 
 but fire was fire , right ? 
 i hoped so . 
 cause if i failed this , the souls would be lost . 
 i took a deep breath , fighting back the rising nerves as we drew closer and closer to the flames . 
 i can do this . 
 i concentrated on the hot center inside me , on the flame that always burned . 
 and then i told it to go out . 
 i pictured me as a child , all blond and innocent , before a cake lit with birthday candles , both my parents and grandparents beside me with joyful smiles on their faces . 
 i felt my lungs fill with air as they told me to make a wish . 
 and then i whispered what i truly wanted and i released the breath and blew toward the candles . 
 the heat of the fire was closing in on me . 
 i knew were close , oh so close to the flames , yet i held on to that image-to that little girl who 'd been filled with hope as she blew out the mountain of candles on her cake . 
 with a great gust , all the flames went out and i was smiling at the curling smoke and the pink frosting beneath the candles . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 we flew through the gates of hell , not one flame in sight . 
 the souls darted up alongside the dragon , flanking us , and emotion so strong welled up inside me that my chest felt overly full . 
 i looked over my shoulder and the flames sprang back to life , burning brilliantly like they had n't just been silenced . 
 i did it . 
 i found the control buried deep within me and now the souls would finally know peace . 
 we flew into the white , the blank canvas that was the inbetween , and in the absence of everything we all grew still . 
 i waited , praying airis would n't turn her back on us , that she would arrive and welcome them all as they should be welcomed . 
 i was beginning to get nervous she was n't going to show when she finally appeared . 
 her white dress , blond hair , and perfect skin were flawless , as they 'd always been . 
 i could n't even imagine the way i looked , but i knew it did n't matter . 
 there were far more important things than looks . 
 `` airis , '' i said , not waiting for her to ask me to speak . 
 `` i 've freed the souls that were trapped in hell . 
 please allow them passage into heaven . '' 
 she looked at me and then out over the golden glow of the souls all crowded around me . 
 `` you strayed from your path more than once , '' airis said , her gaze returning to me . 
 `` you made choices that - '' `` please , '' i said , `` do n't punish them for my actions . '' 
 she continued on like i had n't even spoken . 
 `` yet you still prevailed . 
 the good in you , heven , runs deep , and while i may not agree with the way you fulfilled your destiny , my opinion is not the most important . '' 
 did airis just admit she was wrong ? 
 figures she would disguise it in her garbled way of speaking . 
 `` god has been watching . 
 he has seen all . 
 your mistakes have been forgiven and your triumphs are rejoiced . '' 
 she arched her hand out in front of her , pulling back the veil , opening a curtain of white and revealing to me a sight so stunning tears ran down my face . 
 `` welcome , souls . 
 where you once were wayward , you now are found . '' 
 airis smiled . 
 the souls around me rushed forward , zipping past the curtain , racing to their peace , to their eternity . 
 i cried for them . 
 fat , silent tears of joy because i could feel their love , gratitude , and relief . 
 and when they disappeared completely , my eyes took in everything they could from the other side , memorizing , committing it all to my photographic memory so i could call upon this moment for the rest of my life . 
 and then someone appeared . 
 someone on the other side . 
 he stepped forward through the light , a smile so bright on his face that i cried out . 
 it was logan . 
 he waved at me . 
 every broken and sad piece of him was gone . 
 he was whole , healthy , and he was happy . 
 i waved back and then he ran off laughing , in chase of something i could n't see . 
 i wiped my eyes , trying to clear my vision , wanting a clear shot of this gift i was given . 
 airis cleared her throat and i noticed there was still one soul that had n't crossed . 
 it was hovering nearby like it waited for something . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i asked , knowing it was her . 
 she rushed at me , all golden glow and happiness . 
 she wrapped her soul around me , in the warmest hug i would ever receive and she held herself there , squeezing me tight . 
 my eyes closed , more tears finding their way down my cheeks , and i was filled with her image , her smiling face no longer laced with suspicion and doubt . 
 her eyes were clear and they looked at me with nothing but love . 
 i am so proud of you , daughter . 
 you never gave up , not when the world was cruel and even i , your own mother , did n't believe in you . 
 i 'm so sorry for not being strong enough . 
 for not being able to protect you . 
 my weaknesses are n't yours to bear . 
 you are far stronger than i ever was . 
 i do love you . 
 i never stopped . 
 please forgive me . 
 `` i forgive you , '' i whispered . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 her soul squeezed me once more and then she was gone , floating through the curtain and into heaven where she belonged . 
 i blinked against the onslaught of tears and as the veil was closed , i saw her and my father join hands and walk into a brilliant golden light . 
 together . 
 `` it 's time for you to go , '' airis said gently as i sat there and cried . 
 i nodded . 
 `` what about the devourer ? '' 
 airis smiled and looked at the dragon fondly . 
 `` he 's home now . '' 
 i climbed off the devourer 's back and he swung his head around to look at me . 
 `` you 're the best dog a girl could ever have , '' i told him . 
 he blew out a breath and ruffled my hair . 
 i laughed . 
 `` thank you , '' i told him , placing my hand on his snout . 
 he blinked and then he faded away until he , too , was nothing but a soul that airis guided into heaven . 
 airis turned to me and smiled . 
 `` i have a feeling we will meet again , but not for many , many years . '' 
 i would have said thank you , but she sent me home before i could utter the words . 
 one moment i was in the vast empty inbetween and the next i was standing right beside the fountain in portland . 
 `` heven ! '' 
 sam called , running around the edge to sweep me into his arms . 
 `` there you are . 
 i was starting to worry . '' 
 he pulled me back to look at him , staring down at my tearstained face . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i saw logan , '' i said , new tears brewing . 
 `` he 's so happy , sam . '' 
 `` you saw ... '' his voice trailed away and he crushed me against him once more . 
 `` thank god . '' 
 we stood there a long time , wrapped up in each other 's arms , and for the first time in so long , breathing felt easy . 
 i pulled back . 
 `` beelzebub ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` he wo n't be a problem for us , ever again . '' 
 he laced his fingers through mine . 
 `` come on , i 'll buy you a bubble tea on the way home . '' 
 we started walking away when i saw riley standing beside the fountain , watching us . 
 `` riley ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` come on . '' 
 slowly , he shook his head . 
 i glanced at sam and pulled my hand from his . 
 `` give me a minute . '' 
 i went to stand before riley , looking up into his very deep , blue eyes . 
 `` you 're not coming with us are you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` where will you go ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 i understood we were n't the only ones that had been through a lot and who had lost . 
 riley lost too . 
 and for all his jokes and snide comments , i knew riley felt his losses very deep . 
 he needed to grieve for ana . 
 he needed to grieve for himself . 
 he needed to figure out who he was going to be now that he was n't shadowed by beelzebub 's curse . 
 i took his hand in mine . 
 `` you 'll always be my family , riley , '' i told him softly . 
 `` when you 're ready , come home . 
 we 'll be waiting for you . '' 
 `` you might be sorry you said that , '' he said , his lips pulling up at the corners . 
 `` never . 
 i 'll be sorry if you do n't come back . '' 
 `` i 'll be back , '' he said , `` and i 'll probably be hungry . '' 
 i laughed and threw my arms around him , hugging him hard . 
 `` i love you , riley stone . '' 
 he stilled , his arms hanging stiffly at his sides , but i did n't care . 
 i continued to hug him until slowly his arms folded around me and he was hugging me back . 
 `` careful , '' he whispered . 
 `` sam might get jealous . '' 
 i laughed and pulled back . 
 `` come home , riley . 
 sooner rather than later . '' 
 he nodded and then turned and walked away . 
 i knew i would see him again , because in the end , people always come home . 
 even if it was only because they were hungry . 
 epilogue heven `` i present to you the newest graduates of windham high school ! '' 
 the principal announced into her microphone . 
 everyone around us stood up and cheered , throwing their square caps with tassels into the air . 
 i was a high school graduate . 
 high school had been nothing like i imagined it would be , but looking back , i really could n't picture it any different . 
 i looked at all the grinning , laughing faces around me and smiled . 
 turns out whatever beelzebub did to the student body and some of its teachers , it went away the minute he lost his power . 
 the doctors and news stations were still exclaiming over the strange virus and the miraculous recovery of everyone in the town . 
 the werebats disappeared , sam regained the iron-clad control he had over the hound inside him , and everything pretty much went back to normal-whatever that was . 
 alexis ran up to me , her cheeks pink from excitement . 
 `` so is it true ? '' 
 she asked boldly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i replied , smiling . 
 `` did kimber really run off to italy with some guy she met there last summer during our trip ? '' 
 my stomach tightened at the mention of kimber , but i forced myself to keep smiling . 
 `` you know kimber . 
 she loves adventure ! '' 
 alexis smiled like she finally had the answer to one of life 's unsolved mysteries . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 she said and ran off . 
 `` hey , guys , i told you it was true ! '' 
 i heard her yell . 
 the truth was i did n't know if kimber got out of hell or if she was still there . 
 what i did know was that kimber could take care of herself and if she was still down there , it was probably because she wanted to be . 
 maybe it was a copout . 
 maybe i should try and find her . 
 maybe someday i would . 
 but not today . 
 sam idled up to my side , both our caps in his hand . 
 `` did i ever tell you how hot you look in that gown ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i look like i 'm wearing a garbage bag . '' 
 `` best trash has ever looked , '' he quipped . 
 i smiled . 
 `` smile , you two ! '' 
 gran said , coming in close for yet another picture . 
 `` gran , how many more pictures are you going to take ? '' 
 i groaned . 
 `` humor an old woman , '' she implored . 
 we got our picture taken for the millionth time that day . 
 `` come on , then . 
 i have last-minute things to do before the party , '' she said , tucking the dreaded camera into her purse . 
 `` we 'll be right there ! '' 
 i called as she walked away . 
 sam wrapped his arms around me and planted a solid kiss to my lips . 
 `` so what 's a girl who 's conquered hell and high school all in the same year do next ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i tilted my head to the side and smiled . 
 `` college . '' 
 he laughed and i pulled him close for another kiss . 
 the end 
