 chapter one reyes gripped two dangling rusted iron chains , one in each hand , as he stared down at sweet dove 's bondage platform . 
 she 'd tortured him in exactly this place for an entire century . 
 she 'd bound and hurt him at other locations as well , but this had been her favorite . 
 the platform smelled damn familiar , old blood and sex . 
 his nostrils flared . 
 remembered pain flowed through him , and his brain misfired all over again , his rational mind winking in and out . 
 he struggled to hold it together , something he needed to do if he wanted to keep angelica out of sweet dove 's hands . 
 sweet dove had pulled them out of the starlin masked ball so that he still wore his roman military costume complete with breastplate . 
 but on sweet dove 's orders , angelica had changed into a black dominatrix outfit . 
 sweet dove seemed out of character in a cream silk skirt and sheer , long-sleeved white blouse displaying a gold bra beneath . 
 she looked more like a sexy businesswoman than a vile sadist . 
 but then she 'd just revealed the truth to him that she was scorpion , the owner and founder of the starlin slaver organization that had abducted angelica and sold her at auction a little over a week ago . 
 slowly he shifted his gaze to sweet dove , who stood to the right of the platform staring at him , and smiling from her cruel , curved-bow lips . 
 such a small mouth for a sadist . 
 her dark-blue eyes glinted with malevolent hope . 
 her light-red hair , almost ethereal as it flowed away from her face , gave her a strangely innocent look as did her pale skin . 
 sweet dove wanted him to say yes to her , so that like old times , he 'd be chained down and under her control again . 
 once he was bound , she would be free to do whatever she wanted . 
 she could hurt him as much as she liked . 
 she could even kill him . 
 in former times she 'd come close again and again during her sessions with him , and he 'd begged for death . 
 but she always brought him back , and at times she even wept at how close she 'd come to losing him . 
 he was under no illusions about the woman . 
 incapable of normal feelings , she 'd been a rabid dog upset she might lose a favorite chew toy . 
 angelica 's voice entered his mind , a sudden quiet sound that pierced the cacophony . 
 reyes , come back to me . 
 i 'm here . 
 i 'm with you . 
 you 're not alone . 
 still holding the chains he pivoted slightly toward her . 
 angelica . 
 all too human in his dangerous vampire world and the biggest surprise of his long-lived life . 
 she stood on the left side of the platform , meeting his gaze and wearing her black leather dominatrix costume , the one sweet dove had insisted she wear . 
 she was so beautiful with large warm brown eyes . 
 her dark hair , pulled back in a grecian arrangement , heightened her strong cheekbones , giving her a vulnerable appearance . 
 she was sweet dove 's opposite in every way . 
 he did n't want her to die , but because sweet dove was an ancestral and powerful beyond words , there was a strong chance neither of them would make it out of this room alive . 
 sweet dove had made it clear that he either let her bind him in chains on this table once more or he 'd be kicked out of the starlin group for good . 
 the decision seemed an impossible one to make . 
 if he left right now , he 'd forfeit decades of effort spent positioning himself within starlin , a slaver group that abducted tens of thousands of human females each year . 
 most of the slaves died within the first two years of captivity , and starlin made it their extremely profitable business to replace those numbers as needed . 
 but if he stayed , he risked angelica 's life and most certainly his own freedom , if not his mortality . 
 he held angelica 's gaze . 
 i ca n't keep you safe . 
 if i 'm chained down , and she chooses to hurt you , there 's nothing i can do . 
 i know , but we have to take the chance . 
 if we do this , you 'll be on the starlin board and you 'll have access to all the information you need to bring down this wretched organization . 
 please , reyes . 
 besides , you heard what she said . 
 if you do n't do this , she 'll revoke your membership . 
 then what will we do ? 
 you 'll go home and be safe . 
 i 'll start over . 
 sweet dove interjected . 
 `` interesting . 
 the two of you are communicating telepathically . 
 that 's an exceptional level of power . 
 but what are you saying to each other , i wonder ? 
 and why does your slave look you directly in the eye ? 
 this one needs a lesson or two in proper submissive behavior . '' 
 reyes heard the threat . 
 she 'll hurt you , angelica , if you do n't respond accordingly right now . 
 i 've got this . 
 angelica shifted to face the table , then lowered the upper half of her body onto the platform , extending her arms in sweet dove 's direction . 
 `` forgive me , mistress . '' 
 the table was so large that her fingertips just breached the halfway mark , but he feared what sweet dove would do next . 
 if she decided to inflict pain , angelica would get badly hurt . 
 reyes started to warn angelica to move away , that she was in danger . 
 but the next moment sweet dove launched and caught her by the wrists . 
 angelica started to scream . 
 reyes could feel sweet dove 's preternatural power , the charge that flowed up both angelica 's arms so that she screamed in pain . 
 but he felt immobilized , unable to do anything to help her . 
 if he acted , sweet dove would start to suspect his loyalty to the slaver lifestyle . 
 but hearing angelica in pain was tearing at his heart . 
 `` do n't you love that sound , reyes ? 
 the timbre of your slave 's pain grips me between my legs . 
 i could listen to this for hours . '' 
 sweet dove 's lids were low , her lips swollen . 
 reyes had to make a decision . 
 once more , however , angelica reached into his mind , surprising him all over again . 
 we can do this , reyes . 
 he stared at angelica , at her bowed head , at the strained appearance of her neck as sweet dove continued to hurt her . 
 she panted between screams , yet her thoughts were clear , her intentions unwavering . 
 reyes , say yes . 
 she winced , then screamed again . 
 after a moment she added , i want to go down this path with you . 
 i have a strong premonition that we must do this thing . 
 he could n't believe it . 
 despite the pain she endured , she wanted to move forward . 
 he would be bound in chains , angelica would dominate him and have sex with him , and sweet dove would watch . 
 sweat beaded on his forehead . 
 because he and angelica wore matching blood-chains around their necks , he felt her pain as well as her conviction about the situation . 
 but he hated the thought of his former captor having this much power over him again . 
 as sweet dove continued to pummel her with painful energy , angelica slowly turned her head to once more meet reyes 's gaze . 
 he saw her determination , and suddenly his own decision was clear . 
 `` so you want to ride me , slave ? 
 to treat me as i 've treated you ? 
 to chain me down on this table ? '' 
 `` yes , master . '' 
 more than anything , reyes . 
 she shook now from the pain sweet dove inflicted , and tears rolled down her face . 
 `` beautiful , '' sweet dove murmured . 
 she turned to meet reyes 's gaze as well . 
 `` you 've trained this one so well that she begs for it . 
 i can feel her desire for you . 
 she wants this . 
 she 's learning to enjoy the pain . '' 
 he made his decision for the simple reason that he wanted to do this with angelica more than anything else in the world . 
 he wanted to be bound by this worthy woman , whose kind generous spirit soared miles above sweet dove 's low , sadistic heart . 
 he wanted to allow a woman he trusted to have complete power over him . 
 to angelica he sent , i 'll do it , but only because it 's you . 
 angelica 's eyes lit up , and he felt her siphoning his power more than ever . 
 he watched as a surge of power suddenly entered angelica 's arms and met sweet dove 's preternatural charge until sparks flew above the point at which her hands gripped angelica 's arms . 
 how was she doing that ? 
 but sweet dove laughed . 
 `` i believe this means you 've brought her into complete submission , reyes , because these are sparks of love . 
 only her love and devotion to you could cause this kind of reaction . 
 i 'm very impressed . '' 
 `` release her , sweet dove . 
 let her chain me down . '' 
 as reyes unbuckled his metal breastplate sweet dove turned her attention to him , releasing angelica at the same time . 
 sweet dove took a couple of steps in reyes 's direction , and with the intention of keeping her focus off angelica , he slowly removed his short white tunic . 
 sweet dove licked her lips , her gaze strafing his body . 
 `` reyes , '' she murmured . 
 `` you 've grown so muscular over the years , and your tattoos excite me . '' 
 * * * as sweet dove lusted after her former slave , angelica rubbed her wrists . 
 she breathed a sigh of relief when the intense pain vanished as quickly as it had come . 
 she drew herself upright and wiped her cheeks , then turned her attention to reyes as well . 
 the sudden turn of events , when she and reyes had discovered that sweet dove was the powerful force behind starlin , that she was the terrible entity known as scorpion , still had her head reeling . 
 beyond that , the woman 's ancestral power stunned her . 
 angelica 's connection to reyes and her siphoning of his power on an almost constant basis had served to condition her more and more to this hidden vampire world . 
 for that reason she understood the gravity of her situation more clearly than she otherwise would have . 
 sweet dove had weight in this world and terrible power . 
 reyes would never be able to stand against her unless he , too , embraced his ancestral abilities . 
 yet he resisted , fearing that he would become corrupt like sweet dove or the woman 's equally sadistic right-hand man , engles . 
 she forced herself to focus , to think . 
 the masked ball had turned into a minefield that she had to learn to navigate very quickly or she 'd die . 
 somehow she and reyes had to find a way to survive the bondage performance , because he 'd said it exactly right : once sweet dove had control over them she could do whatever she wanted , and reyes would n't be able to lift a finger to stop her . 
 angelica held the flogger in her hand , the one with the strange , snake-head handle . 
 her tight black leather bustier pushed her br ** sts into full mounds and cinched in her already small waist . 
 the pants , made up of strips of black leather , were open at the crotch . 
 she hated the way they felt , but they at least had the advantage that she would n't be completely na ** d during the performance . 
 but she 'd never done anything like this before . 
 sweet dove sidled up to reyes . 
 he was completely na ** d now , the swirls of the hawk tattoos spread over his back now visible . 
 sweet dove traced a finger over his tats . 
 he looked magnificent as he held his former captor 's gaze , his expression hard , commanding , no longer her slave . 
 the blood-chain at angelica 's neck vibrated heavily with his emotion , a deep hatred that swelled through him . 
 angelica felt how much he despised the woman 's touch . 
 when sweet dove placed her hand on his shoulder , something deep inside angelica began to writhe , then sharpen with rage . 
 she moved swiftly , faster than a human , another sign she was bonded to reyes and siphoning his power . 
 placing herself between reyes and sweet dove , angelica laid the flogger against sweet dove 's throat . 
 `` this is my show . 
 i 'm the dom here . 
 got it ? '' 
 she held sweet dove 's gaze and felt the woman 's power like a storm against her skin . 
 she continued to draw from reyes , pulling his power into her and strengthening the muscles of her arms . 
 it would take so little for sweet dove to kill her . 
 because sweet dove did n't attack , angelica took quick charge of the situation , whirling to face reyes . 
 `` get on the table , slave , and do it now . 
 you are mine to command . '' 
 what possessed her to be so bold ? 
 maybe a strong survival instinct , because if she did n't play this exactly right she would die . 
 and she knew one thing about bullies of every kind : they give way for demonstrations of strength , at least for a time . 
 reyes , i 'm yours right now . 
 i 'm going to ride you and make you come . 
 do you want me ? 
 reyes held her gaze , his nostrils flaring . 
 the scent of his desire flowed around angelica as he focused his attention solely on her . 
 he even slid his hand to his arousal and stroked himself . 
 more than you can imagine . 
 but she had a role to play , so she slapped his hand with the flogger . 
 `` you 're not to touch yourself unless i say so . '' 
 he withdrew his fingers , but his c ** k stiffened even more , and her own desire rose . 
 `` on the table , slave . '' 
 if she was going to pull this off , she had to be tough . 
 but she still kept herself positioned between reyes and sweet dove . 
 `` yes , get on the table , reyes . '' 
 sweet dove spoke over angelica 's shoulder . 
 when reyes started to move in response to sweet dove , angelica got within inches of his face and all but shouted , `` you are mine to command , not hers ! 
 you will obey only me ! 
 do you understand , slave ? '' 
 his eyes widened slightly in surprise . 
 to his mind she sent , follow my lead . 
 i think i know a way out . 
 aloud reyes said , `` yes , mistress . '' 
 sweet dove jerked angelica 's shoulder , pulling her around to face her . 
 but angelica lifted her chin and stared straight into her eyes . 
 instinctively she knew the only way this would work was if she faced up to the devil . 
 `` you 're not in charge , sweet dove . 
 if you refuse to let me do this my way , reyes and i will leave right now . '' 
 `` you do n't have that kind of say . 
 you 're a slave . '' 
 `` not wearing this outfit . 
 right now , i 'm a dom and i call the shots . '' 
 again sweet dove 's power felt like a storm against angelica 's body as she let angelica feel that she could crush her with a thought . 
 yet she could n't back down . 
 when death did n't follow and sweet dove did n't lay a hand on her , angelica turned toward the table . 
 she threaded the flogger through one of the strips of leather on her thigh and passed by sweet dove toward the head of the table . 
 she reached down , ignoring the sickly odor , and slapped the wood platform , her gaze fixed on reyes . 
 `` i want your head here , slave . 
 now . 
 i 'm going to chain you up and do things to you . '' 
 still in an aroused state , reyes levitated while stretching out . 
 he positioned himself on the table faceup . 
 do you trust me ? 
 reyes closed his eyes . 
 implicitly . 
 i could n't do this otherwise . 
 i know . 
 angelica took one of the shackles . 
 sweet dove had infused the metal with a preternatural charge . 
 only at this moment , feeling the unearthly power of the chains , did angelica hesitate . 
 reyes could bust out of a regular iron shackle , but not one charged like this . 
 if her plan to keep standing up to sweet dove did n't work , she and reyes really would be in serious trouble . 
 but she 'd already made her decision . 
 taking the shackle in hand , she clamped it around reyes 's wrist . 
 he winced as the preternatural charge took hold . 
 the length of the chain stretched his arm a few inches above the table and at a right angle to his body . 
 she moved swiftly around the platform and clamped the other shackle to his right wrist . 
 his eyes were slits , but she could see he watched her . 
 she could also feel his pain and even a low level of fear at being bound again . 
 more than the discomfort , however , she felt his desire . 
 his c ** k stood upright , and he tracked her as she crossed to the foot of the platform to shackle each ankle . 
 but once all four limbs were bound , reyes arched his back and groaned . 
 he was in pain . 
 she turned toward him , remembering how badly the charged shackles had hurt her once , the same night as the auction . 
 are you okay ? 
 he held her gaze . 
 i 'm fine . 
 too many memories . 
 how bad is the pain ? 
 tolerable . 
 sweet dove intruded once more , approaching the table and stroking reyes 's thigh . 
 angelica watched reyes 's eyes widen with horror and panic . 
 she could n't let this continue , and on instinct she opened herself up to his power , letting it flood her this time . 
 suddenly , and much to her surprise , angelica levitated across the table and in a swift motion pushed sweet dove away . 
 her momentum caught sweet dove hard in the chest , and the woman flew backward , hitting the old stone wall , then falling on her ass to the floor . 
 angelica felt her own hair flying around her face , having come completely undone from the tight grecian rolls she 'd worn for the masked ball . 
 her voice resonated with a strange vibration as she shouted at sweet dove . 
 `` you 're not to touch him ! '' 
 sweet dove levitated to her feet , her eyes blazing with rage . 
 `` how dare you , slave ! 
 i 'll do as i please . '' 
 `` no , you wo n't . '' 
 angelica had never felt like this in her life , full of power and a fire of her own . 
 she stared down the monster that had hurt reyes . 
 `` you wanted a sex performance and i 'll give you one , but only if you keep your hands off and let me have my way . 
 and i swear that if you come near him again , i 'll tear every red hair from your head before i let you touch him , my existence be damned . '' 
 sweet dove froze , her eyes wide . 
 after several long seconds her shoulders finally relaxed and a lascivious expression overtook her face . 
 `` well , are n't you a surprise ? 
 i knew you had potential , that you had the capacity to take a lot of pain , but now i 'm seeing something else . 
 you could become like me . '' 
 `` i do n't give a f ** k if i could become like the god of the underworld , i just want you to back off and let me do my thing . 
 you told me to dominate this man , and that 's what i intend to do . '' 
 once more she drew reyes 's power into her and let it flow , so that her hair moved around her shoulders . 
 sweet dove finally lifted both hands in surrender . 
 `` please , do whatever it is you wish to do . 
 i wo n't attempt to intervene again . '' 
 though she could hardly trust sweet dove to keep her word , angelica nodded once firmly , then turned toward reyes . 
 glancing down at his hips , she was astonished to find he was still fully aroused . 
 she met his gaze . 
 you liked this little standoff ? 
 it 's you , angelica . 
 i 'm hard for you . 
 a shiver of pure desire ran through angelica . 
 you 're hard for me ? 
 only for you . 
 she resisted smiling and instead withdrew the flogger from the strip of leather on her thigh . 
 she slapped it against her hand . 
 will this hurt ? 
 i mean , how much of this can you take ? 
 bring it . 
 i 've had a thousand times worse . 
 slap me hard for effect . 
 trust me . 
 i 'm a vampire , remember ? 
 angelica knew that if she did n't make this good , make it a real show , the bitch would n't buy it . 
 forgive me , she sent . 
 she lifted her arm and brought the flogger down hard once on his left pec , then his right . 
 like a butterfly wing , reyes responded . 
 ca n't you do any better ? 
 she met his gaze , wanting to know the truth , but his eyes were at half-mast and his c ** k twitched . 
 you 're enjoying this . 
 i 'm enjoying you . 
 another shiver traveled through her . 
 she could n't believe her harmless attempt at flirtation all those weeks ago at the ocean club had led her here . 
 she forced herself to forget about sweet dove and instead to savor the body she 'd come to know so thoroughly over the past week . 
 for the next several minutes angelica used the flogger on reyes , slapping his arms and chest , building a rhythm into the calculated series of strikes . 
 his body reddened , but the whole time reyes writhed and his arousal stiffened . 
 she stroked his c ** k with the flogger and watched the tip weep , then she went to work on his legs . 
 by the time she reached his feet most of his body had a red hue , but he writhed and was breathing hard , his eyes closed . 
 she had no doubt he was in a profound state of arousal . 
 she secured the flogger once more between strips of leather , then moved to the side of the platform . 
 she dragged a finger up his body , digging in slightly with her fingernail , and took a long moment to look at him . 
 she slid her palm over the muscular contours of his arms , his pecs , his chest . 
 she leaned close and kissed him on the lips , then sucked his ni ** les in turn . 
 her body was already heated up ; still she took her time to explore him with her lips and tongue . 
 she started biting him hard , which caused grunts to leave his throat . 
 she came close many times to drawing blood , but he kept encouraging her to make a show of it . 
 reyes , you 're magnificent . 
 and i love what you 're doing to me , that you have control of me . 
 i did n't think it could be like this , so erotic . 
 but it 's all because of you . 
 his words , the beauty of his body , the taste of his skin as she bit him , had built an inferno of desire within her . 
 i need you , reyes . 
 then take me . 
 she climbed up on the platform to straddle him , guiding her wet body over his thick cock . 
 she moaned as she eased down on him , then arched her back and ground her hips . 
 she savored all that he was , the size and feel of him . 
 angelica , my god . 
 she opened her eyes and met his gaze . 
 his lids low , he pushed up with his hips , letting her feel him . 
 oh , reyes , i want more , but you 'd better stop . 
 aloud she said , `` you do n't move unless i tell you to move , slave . '' 
 `` yes , mistress . '' 
 she leaned over him and kissed him on the lips . 
 open for me . 
 yes , mistress . 
 he sounded teasing . 
 do n't do that , not in my head , or you 'll have me laughing . 
 she worked him with her hips , setting a steady rhythm . 
 reyes parted his lips and she drove her tongue inside . 
 he groaned . 
 after a moment she rose up , flexing her hips . 
 meeting his gaze , she said , `` take over , slave , and make it good . 
 make me come . '' 
 the chains jangled as reyes started to pump into her , lifting his h * ps in quick , pleasurable jabs . 
 she cried out , the sensation deep and hitting her just right . 
 i 'm close . 
 she trembled . 
 scream if you can . 
 the louder the better . 
 no problem . 
 he moved vampire fast , which brought her orgasm flowing in a stream of intense pleasure . 
 she screamed long and loud , as the ecstasy flowed up her well and abdomen , gripping her stomach and tightening her br ** sts . 
 she rocked her h * ps against what was still so hard , taking the last of her pleasure . 
 she leaned over him , breathing hard , her hands on the wood platform . 
 `` you have n't lost your touch , reyes . '' 
 sweet dove 's voice sent a sudden jolt of fear through angelica . 
 she 'd forgotten the woman was even there . 
 but with his c ** k buried inside her , angelica was in a vulnerable place . 
 she started to rise up , to place herself in a more powerful position physically , but sweet dove 's hand was on her shoulder . 
 the woman let her power flow in a hot , painful arc . 
 angelica groaned , her body twisting , trying to get away . 
 but sweet dove had her pinned in place with just the pressure of her hand . 
 `` sweet dove , stop this right now , '' reyes shouted . 
 `` we 've done what you wanted . '' 
 `` even though your slave performed adequately , she has misbehaved and needs to be disciplined . '' 
 * * * this was just what reyes had feared , that sweet dove would take charge and he 'd be unable to protect angelica . 
 `` you 've gotten what you wanted . 
 now release us both . '' 
 `` do n't be a fool . 
 we 're just getting started . '' 
 `` i 'm not your slave anymore . '' 
 he took his cue from angelica 's earlier attitude toward sweet dove and matched the woman 's haughtiness with his own . 
 `` you owned me for a century , but those days are gone . 
 i like being a slaver . 
 you taught me extremely well . '' 
 tears now flowed down angelica 's cheeks . 
 sweet dove released angelica 's shoulder and transferred the same flow of power to reyes 's chest . 
 he barely held back a serious shout of pain , but the last thing he wanted was for sweet dove to gain even a moment of pleasure from hurting him . 
 reyes , fight her . 
 i have a feeling you can break free right now . 
 what do you mean ? 
 i do n't know . 
 but i sense something within you , something i 've never felt before . 
 i think it might be your ancestral power . 
 he felt it as well , that angelica fed him in ways he did n't understand and made him want to be more than he was . 
 ignoring the pulses of pain that radiated through his chest because of sweet dove 's hold on him , he shifted his gaze to angelica . 
 his ancestral power rose in response , calling to him , begging for release . 
 reyes , the sensations have grown stronger . 
 can you tap into your power ? 
 maybe you can even break free of these bonds . 
 i feel them , i do , but i 'm not sure . 
 despite his current predicament , reyes held back . 
 he 'd fought becoming like sweet dove for so long , always rejecting even the idea of embracing his ancestral power . 
 reyes , please listen to me . 
 i can tell that sweet dove wo n't let us go . 
 you have to do something . 
 i feel her vile intentions like a fire on my skin . 
 he knew angelica was right , but he had to try a different tack first . 
 shifting his gaze to sweet dove , his body now trembling with pain , he said , `` let us go . 
 you 've accomplished what you 'd hoped for . 
 you made me in your image . 
 so let me continue on my slaver path , sweet dove . 
 you owe me this . '' 
 `` i owe you ? '' 
 she trilled her laughter . 
 `` i owe you nothing , reyes . 
 you owe me . 
 you are my slave , now and forever . '' 
 angelica 's voice punched through his mind . 
 find that power , reyes . 
 do it now . 
 she 's gearing up . 
 angelica was right . 
 sweet dove had never intended to let him go . 
 but how the hell could he break free ? 
 the only way he 'd have the smallest chance would be to use his latent ancestral ability . 
 he knew that a double blood-chain would gain him instant access to his ancestral power , but there was another way . 
 before the blood-chains were invented to speed up the process , those with latent ancestral dna could connect with the power , usually in times of great stress , and bring the ability to life . 
 and even angelica sensed he could do it . 
 sweet dove began slowly increasing her power . 
 his body shook now with pain , but he held back . 
 closing his eyes , he grew very still . 
 he dove deep within himself , focusing on his ancestral power . 
 he 'd never considered the possibility before of having anything to do with this power since so many of the ancestrals were heavily corrupt , like both engles and sweet dove . 
 but right now , his life as well as angelica 's depended on him finding the strength to break free of the preternatural chains . 
 as though coming from far away , he heard sweet dove 's voice as she issued command after command . 
 `` obey me , reyes . 
 submit to me . '' 
 but he ignored her . 
 he had to tap into his ancestral power or he 'd die on this table , because the last thing he 'd ever do was place himself in sweet dove 's hands again . 
 reyes , she 'll kill you . 
 i can feel it in her . 
 she 'll let you die before she releases you from these chains . 
 he wanted to reassure angelica , but he had to stay focused . 
 he reached his ancestral power , which resided like a deep water table within his body and his soul combined . 
 at the same moment angelica screamed . 
 sweet dove must have figured out what he was doing and , in an attempt to distract him , was hurting angelica again . 
 he struggled to stay focused . 
 his primary instinct shouted at him to stop sweet dove from torturing angelica . 
 but what could he do if he did n't have added power ? 
 he turned all his attention back to his ancestral storehouse . 
 he began to sink within it and felt an absolute rush of sensation , like nothing he 'd ever known before . 
 he felt strengthened from within and without at the same time . 
 a second sensation followed , like the tightening of a bond , which he knew would complete his rise to ancestral status if he allowed it to form . 
 but he did n't want that , at least not now . 
 he did n't trust the ancestrals he knew and would n't allow himself to become one of them . 
 by pulling back slightly the impulse of the bond melted away , yet he could still draw from his power . 
 when he felt he 'd gained enough to break free of the preternaturally charged shackles , he began the long glide back to consciousness . 
 angelica , if you can , reach down and grab hold of me . 
 can you do that ? 
 too ... much ... pain ... she could n't move . 
 sweet dove had her trapped in pain . 
 he knew that sensation . 
 he 'd lived with it for a century . 
 he flooded every muscle in his body with the stream of ancestral power . 
 he focused on the shackles at his arms and wrists . 
 as the power coalesced , reyes opened his eyes and saw that sweet dove was distracted by angelica 's pain , that she was feeding off her suffering . 
 her attention sidetracked , in one burst of energy reyes broke out of each shackle , rushed toward angelica , and gathered her up in his arms . 
 before sweet dove had the time to react , he shifted to altered flight and flew straight up and out of the cavern system . 
 he wanted to keep going , but he had a powerful instinct about the situation that if he did n't play this moment right , he 'd get kicked out of starlin then and there . 
 angelica , we have to return . 
 i must speak with sweet dove . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 she trembled in his arms . 
 no , i get it . 
 you have to mend this bridge right now or she 'll revoke your membership . 
 exactly , but i hate taking you back there . 
 please , do n't worry about me . 
 i 'm siphoning your power and healing as we speak . 
 he circled back quickly to sweet dove 's torture cave and found her crumpled on the floor , against the cave wall . 
 as he touched down in front of sweet dove , the woman 's eyes rolled in her head as she worked to recover . 
 she looked up at him , squinting . 
 `` you broke free . '' 
 `` i did . 
 you 'll never own me again , sweet dove . 
 but you 've made me what i am today . 
 i 'm a slaver now and this slave belongs to me , to use as i see fit . 
 i would n't mind becoming your lover , though , if you 're open to it . '' 
 sweet dove sat up and her vision finally came together . 
 `` even after i tried to enslave you , then to kill you ? '' 
 `` now that i know i can occasionally tap into my ancestral power , that you ca n't hold me , i 'm open to a relationship . 
 your ruthlessness excites me . '' 
 she got a look on her face that he 'd seen before , a very calculating expression . 
 at one time he would have shuddered , knowing that nothing good could follow . 
 but after having escaped just now , he had no fear that she could ever capture and hold him again , not like before . 
 `` i 'll have to think about it , reyes . 
 i 've never thought of you as true lover potential , but it might work . '' 
 `` we could be excellent partners as well . 
 i have a head for business and already have ideas about ways we could expand the starlin enterprise . '' 
 `` you did quite well for yourself after you escaped me , and i 'll admit i 'm impressed by that . 
 i suppose this means i 'll need to adjust my thinking , but you 'll have to give me time . 
 i 've thought of you as just a slave for so long , it never occurred to me you could become something else in my life . '' 
 he used words she could understand . 
 `` but i want more , sweet dove , so much more . 
 i have ambitions and want to fulfill them . '' 
 she gained her feet and stroked his arm . 
 `` i guess we 're more alike than i ever understood . 
 we 'll talk again . 
 soon . 
 perhaps when the final event of the festival is over . '' 
 he almost pressed her about the one thing she 'd promised , a place on the starlin board of governors , but he knew he 'd reached his bargaining limit . 
 `` yes , we 'll talk after the masked ball at the crystal dome . '' 
 she glanced at angelica . 
 `` and maybe by then you wo n't be so encumbered . 
 it would please me if you would get rid of your slave . '' 
 reyes actually smiled , because he had every intention of faking angelica 's death immediately following the masked ball . 
 `` that wo n't be a problem . '' 
 with that he returned to altered flight and shot toward his home in the como cavern system . 
 once arrived , however , he recalled that angelica could n't handle flying that fast . 
 when he touched down in his bedroom , he released her , apologizing . 
 `` i forgot . 
 angelica , i 'm so sorry . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 she blinked at him . 
 `` i 'm not hurting anymore . 
 once you tore me away from sweet dove , the pain stopped . '' 
 `` no , i mean , do n't you have a headache ? '' 
 previously when he did n't take altered flight slow enough , angelica would experience a pounding headache that made her sick for a long time after . 
 she shook her head , then her eyes went wide . 
 `` oh , because you moved so fast during altered flight . '' 
 she put a hand to her head . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i 'm fine . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i guess because i tapped into my ancestral power . '' 
 she held both his arms and frowned slightly . 
 `` that 's right . 
 does this mean you 're an ancestral now ? 
 although i 'm not sensing much of a difference . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , i 'm not , but i did make use of the power . '' 
 her lips curved slowly . 
 `` you broke out of those chains . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i did . '' 
 he still could n't believe he 'd accomplished the impossible . 
 `` while it was happening i felt so much from you , what you were going through , even while that bitch was hurting me . 
 i could sense you reaching deep , and i knew the moment you connected . 
 everything began to shift . 
 most of the pain sweet dove was inflicting drifted away . 
 and the way you looked when you were free , like a triumphant warrior . '' 
 he turned in a circle . 
 `` you have no idea how wonderful this feels . 
 all those years with sweet dove i was powerless , but now i feel as though i could do anything . '' 
 `` you know , there were a couple of times i did n't think we 'd make it out alive . '' 
 reyes reached for her , pulling her into his arms . 
 he kissed her deeply . 
 i 'm so grateful to you . 
 she drew back , smiling . 
 `` we did it , reyes , and you were damn brilliant going back like that , saying what you did just to keep her hooked . '' 
 he searched her face , her brown eyes , how wild her hair looked because of all that she 'd done . 
 `` and the way you siphoned my power . 
 you even levitated . 
 did you know that ? '' 
 `` oh , that 's right , i did . 
 i was just so intent on keeping sweet dove away from you . '' 
 she shuddered . 
 he held her waist and pulled her close , connecting his h * ps with hers . 
 `` you stunned me , angelica . 
 she could have decimated you with one carefully aimed thought , but you faced up to her like a warrior . '' 
 `` i suppose it was foolish , but i 'd reached this point where i did n't care if i lived or died . 
 i just knew i could n't have her anywhere near you , not with you chained down . '' 
 his heart swelled as he kissed her again . 
 he 'd never been so happy , so full of excitement , in his life . 
 after a moment he drew back , his body on fire once more . 
 `` i 'm not sure you remember this , but before we went to the masked ball i promised you something , and right now i intend to deliver . '' 
 she looked wonderfully confused . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` maybe i should just show you . '' 
 he lifted her in his arms and carried her to the bed . 
 throwing the comforter back , he settled her near the edge . 
 `` should i get out of this costume ? '' 
 her hand fell to the bustier . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` not yet , because we 'll be taking care of you . '' 
 she put a hand to her chest , her eyes widening . 
 `` what do you mean , ` we ' ? '' 
 chapter two desire poured through angelica , a rush of sensation that brought a warm flush to her cheeks . 
 she remembered now . 
 reyes had spoken about being able to split into two beings . 
 apparently he was going to do that now , but she could n't imagine what it would be like to have two reyeses tending to her . 
 her breathing grew labored as he stepped away from the bed . 
 she felt his power sing through the blood-chains . 
 as she watched him closely , he became a blur first , then suddenly there were two of him . 
 the first one moved toward her . 
 `` i 'm the primary and i 'll do the speaking . 
 my secondary self just engages . 
 so what i want to know first is , what 's your pleasure ? '' 
 her lips parted , but her mind got jammed with all the images of the ways she wanted to touch him , or rather them , and to be touched . 
 finally she just shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 everything . '' 
 reyes smiled , a wonderful smirk that let her know she was in for an extraordinary treat . 
 more of reyes , a lot more . 
 his primary self drew up close and leaned down to her kiss her , his hands fondling the swell of her br ** sts . 
 after a moment he drew back , moving his hands lower . 
 `` you have one of the smallest waists i 've ever seen . '' 
 `` i like your hands around me . '' 
 when he rose up unexpectedly , his secondary self , now at the foot of the bed , levitated just enough to catch her at her waist as well , only he dragged her to the end of the bed . 
 he began working the leather pants off her hips . 
 angelica knew where this was headed , and desire streamed once more . 
 reyes leaned close , and while his secondary self continued to work the strange leather pants off her , reyes kissed the swell of her br ** sts . 
 he slid one hand beneath the lace , fondling her , then finally freed each nipple from the lace . 
 he settled in to nurse on her , which of course caused flames of pleasure between her legs . 
 when the secondary reyes had removed her stilettos and the snug pants , he moved between her legs . 
 she cried out as his mouth settled on her down low and he began to suck . 
 the pleasure of her ni ** les and her clitoris being sucked at the same time had her on the brink so fast , she clutched at the sheet beneath her fingers . 
 the sounds of the suckling alone were almost too much . 
 `` reyes , what are you doing to me ? '' 
 he kept tugging on her nipple . 
 how close are you ? 
 can you come like this ? 
 very close and yes , it would take so little . 
 at the exact same moment , both reyeses sped up their movements , the secondary 's tongue flicking her down low so fast that she was coming before she knew what was happening . 
 she released a series of cries and gasps . 
 because she 'd orgasmed so recently , her flesh was still tender , which made the sensation sharper and even better than before . 
 she writhed on the bed . 
 both reyeses slowed their movements , but continued to lave her low and kiss and suckle her br ** sts in turn . 
 after about a minute they settled in as before , and began nursing on her in earnest in both locations . 
 she whimpered and grabbed at his shoulders with one hand and reached low to caress his head with her other . 
 reyes , she whispered through his mind . 
 and again he sped up suckling her nipple fast and at the same time flicking her with his tongue low . 
 just like that , yet another orgasm sped through her so that she groaned and arched her neck . 
 she could n't believe this was happening . 
 this time he eased back from both places , watching her and smiling . 
 `` what would you like now ? '' 
 she glanced from one to the other . 
 `` how are you doing this ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i can battle like this as well , but i do n't really know the physics . 
 i just can . '' 
 `` i guess i do n't really care . 
 i love having two of you here , tending to me . 
 come close , one on each side . '' 
 he lifted her toward the center of the bed . 
 the secondary reyes stretched out on her left , the primary on her right . 
 she kissed each of them in turns , two mouths to savor , two bodies . 
 using her hands , she once more savored his muscular dips and swells . 
 she took her time , sucking on ni ** les and pecs , tracing her tongue down abdomens . 
 two cocks as well . 
 she rose up on her knees and took one in each hand , rubbing slowly , thumbing each crown . 
 she watched their shared pleasure as each gaze roved her chest , the swell of her br ** sts . 
 she released their cocks and unhooked her bustier , letting her br ** sts free . 
 each sat up and took a breast . 
 two mouths feasted on her , causing her to clench hard between her legs . 
 she had n't thought making love with reyes could get better , yet here she was , ready to lose her mind from so much pleasure . 
 `` make love to me , '' she whispered , her voice hoarse . 
 each lay back down , and she resumed her place between them . 
 the primary reyes pulled her toward him , kissing her as he moved his c ** k between her legs . 
 he angled his h * ps and found her entrance , pushing inside . 
 she cried out . 
 he felt so good buried inside her . 
 the reyes at her back kissed her neck , her shoulders , and drifted his lips to her bu ** ocks . 
 he nibbled and licked until she was panting . 
 `` do you want my blood ? '' 
 she asked . 
 both men groaned . 
 the one now behind her positioned himself at her neck and bit down with his fangs , then began to suck . 
 in front of her , reyes held an arm over her chest , keeping her in place . 
 at the same time he slowly rocked his h * ps into her , driving his c ** k in and out . 
 he kissed her eyelids , her cheeks , her lips . 
 she was overcome with sensation , especially when the secondary reyes moved in closer , nestling his thick c ** k between the cleft of her bottom . 
 he rubbed himself in quickening thrusts . 
 she reached behind her to caress his shoulder . 
 reyes , this is so wonderful . 
 and i 'm close again . 
 so am i. your blood is like heaven , and feeling your body in so many places at the same time is erotic as hell . 
 faster . 
 both men moved faster , sucked harder . 
 the primary reyes thrust his tongue deep into her mouth , the secondary , wedged between her cheeks , used the pressure to work his cock . 
 suddenly ecstasy arrived , like a powerful wave crashing down on her . 
 they were three , moving as one , shouting , screaming , crying out . 
 the secondary reyes moved swiftly behind , his c ** k tight between her butt cheeks and jerking hard . 
 primary reyes curled his hips , pumping between her legs in quick thrusts , shouting as he came . 
 she 'd never known such pleasure . 
 and the sensation kept rolling , so that the bed shook and her heart ached . 
 she loved this so much , being surrounded by two powerful male bodies , both reyeses . 
 affection , maybe even love , flowed through her as she reached the pinnacle once more . 
 was this love ? 
 did she love the man who drank her blood and plowed into her body in the most wonderful way ? 
 she felt possessed , even enchanted , by the vampire holding her captive in his arms . 
 only after a long euphoric minute did the bed begin to settle . 
 angelica breathed hard , as did both men . 
 a soft vibration ran through reyes , and she watched as the secondary form joined the primary and became one body again . 
 angelica could barely keep her eyes open as reyes rolled her onto her back . 
 she felt as though she could float , and her mind was suffused with a delicate euphoria that kept every thought at bay . 
 she savored the fact that reyes was still buried deep inside her , that in this moment they were one , they were equals , they were bound . 
 she wrapped him up in her arms and he kissed her repeatedly . 
 there was an eternal feel to the moment , helping her to believe that no matter what happened in the coming days or weeks , this time with reyes could never be taken away from her . 
 this was wonderful . 
 he drew back , still connected low , and thumbed her cheek . 
 `` i feel the same way . 
 you 've changed everything for me , angelica , and for that i 'll always be grateful . '' 
 he made love to her again and again that night . 
 and more than once , she fell into deep conversation with him about his family life and his home in venezuela where he 'd grown up . 
 he shared that when he 'd made his fortune and bought the property back , he 'd also worked to retrieve all their family possessions , many of which went back several centuries . 
 his mother 's family was celtic with red hair and blue eyes , though his father had a spanish heritage , which explained reyes 's coloring : dark hair , light eyes . 
 `` my mother had a large collection of small silver boxes , handed down through generations . 
 i was able to get most of them back . '' 
 `` they have great meaning to you . '' 
 `` my mother treasured them , so yes , great meaning . '' 
 angelica felt an odd tingling sensation pass through her . 
 `` what was her name ? '' 
 `` faylen . 
 she had dark auburn hair and was very beautiful . '' 
 `` i have no doubt . '' 
 but there it was again , some kind of tingling , but she did n't know what it was , like a memory that just would n't surface . 
 he had told her that faylen had died shortly after sweet dove had enslaved reyes , yet something about that nagged at angelica . 
 she just did n't know why . 
 the conversation moved on , and she forgot about the odd sensation . 
 reyes told her about the rock shelf that overlooked a rich tropical valley below , and she wished she could see his south american home . 
 but she probably would n't . 
 she 'd be going home soon , right after the last starlin event at the crystal dome . 
 * * * over the next couple of weeks and through the continuous stream of starlin events , she accompanied reyes to a host of parties . 
 they stayed only long enough to support reyes 's cover as a slaver before leaving . 
 reyes would then take her back to his bedroom and , before long , back to his bed . 
 she was sore in the best way and treasured every joining , though she tried hard not to think about the fact that soon she would be heading home , back to california . 
 although it was likely reyes would insist on relocating both her and her mother to a different state . 
 he feared someone from starlin would happen to see her and the nightmare would start all over again . 
 how far away that world seemed to her now : her simple accountant 's life , her mother 's infirm condition , the boredom she 'd endured in her day-to-day routine . 
 the thought of returning did n't hold even a spark of interest for her , except to be with her mother . 
 and she really hated the thought that once she left reyes 's world , he might be forced to resume some sort of physical relationship with sweet dove in order to gain access to the information he needed to take starlin down . 
 she shuddered at the thought . 
 each day , usually at mealtime , reyes would spend an hour or two on the starlin web site to familiarize himself with the organization . 
 he 'd also exchanged several e-mails with sweet dove since he 'd broken out of his chains . 
 angelica read the e-mails as well , and would have been appalled by the sadistic nature of the content if she had n't come to understand how vile sweet dove really was . 
 reyes continued to play sweet dove by tempting her with explicit , sexual suggestions , but at the same time dwelling on the importance of an equal partnership with her . 
 sweet dove in turn seemed to have gotten over her rage that reyes had escaped her shackles and would never be returning to her as her slave . 
 angelica knew the careful line reyes walked with sweet dove . 
 he had to convince her that acting as a consensual partner could be more fulfilling than the slave-slaver relationship sweet dove really wanted . 
 and with each exchange sweet dove seemed to be relenting a little more . 
 it seemed sweet dove wanted him even more , now that she could n't have him . 
 the day before the masked ball at the crystal dome , the finale for the three weeks of starlin events , reyes surfaced from studying the organization 's web site . 
 he sat at the table in the sitting room , his laptop open . 
 `` i think we need to do something to corroborate my plan to fake your death following the masquerade tomorrow night . '' 
 angelica did n't mind discussing the details , but she had no heart for thinking about how soon she 'd be separating from reyes . 
 she sat on the nearby couch , sewing a long black cat 's tail onto the back of her bustier . 
 the simple costume would serve for the masked ball : bustier and thong , a headband with a pair of cat 's ears , a few whiskers glued to her face . 
 but the tail had come loose . 
 without looking up at him , she asked , `` you mean something beyond telling your fellow sadists that you got overzealous in one of our bondage sessions and i died ? '' 
 he drummed his fingers on the table . 
 `` i think i have to add something . 
 i mean , part of the way i kept engles away from you all this time was by making it clear i did n't hurry the torturing of my slaves . '' 
 remembering this part of his charade , she smiled a little . 
 `` you mean all those times you boasted about liking to ` season your meat over a long period of time ' ? '' 
 he shook his head and she could feel his dismay through the shared chains . 
 `` i had to say something to explain your lack of bruises and cuts , and for the most part i think it worked . '' 
 angelica tied the final knot , then set the thread and needle aside . 
 she gave a tug on the tail and , satisfied , finally met his gaze . 
 `` so what do you have in mind ? '' 
 `` i think i know a way we can effectively create some realistic bruising without actually hurting you . '' 
 her lips curved . 
 `` is this a new ancestral power you have n't told me about ? '' 
 he returned her smile , and for just a moment she was caught all over again . 
 he was gorgeous when he smiled , and his blue eyes lit up in a way that actually made her heart hurt . 
 for the first time she realized she really did n't want to leave reyes . 
 he answered her question . 
 `` no , this has nothing to do with any newly acquired abilities from having tapped into my ancestral power for that very brief moment . 
 actually this is a trick i once saw eve do . 
 she has a way of using makeup to create exactly this kind of effect . '' 
 as the owner of the ruby cave and a famous stage personality in the sex-club trade , eve would know all the tricks . 
 `` does she actually add bruising for her performances ? '' 
 from what reyes had told her , eve might be into bdsm , but she had strict rules governing her shows . 
 `` no , she does n't believe in any kind of torture , just dominance . 
 but on halloween she likes to plant a few zombies in her audience just for fun , and let me tell you those monsters look real . '' 
 angelica smoothed her hand down the soft cat 's tail . 
 `` and after i 'm all dressed up in black-and-blue , you 'll show me off at the masked ball . '' 
 `` i think it would add to my credibility since i intend to fake your death . 
 if it looks like i 've lost control with you before , the whole thing will be more plausible when i suddenly announce that i lost it again in one of my bondage sessions and you did n't make it . '' 
 angelica thought for a moment . 
 `` you know , i think this is a really good idea . 
 and after the masked ball , we can come straight back here and set the stage in your game room . 
 maybe you could hang me from the chains or something . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` that 's an excellent idea . 
 and with the right makeup , trust me , you 'd look really dead . '' 
 he thought for a moment . 
 `` afterward , i could post the pics on the starlin web site , maybe blog about it . 
 yep , this will go a long way to support my claims that i 've killed you and dumped you in the ocean . '' 
 angelica barely blinked about the dumping part . 
 reyes had told her more than once that the middle of the ocean had become the favorite disposal ground for the sadist set . 
 with the matter settled reyes opened the laptop once more , but a minute later he gave a shout of triumph . 
 `` listen to this . 
 sweet dove has agreed to meet with me in private during the masked ball . 
 she wants to begin discussions about our long-term relationship on both a business and a personal level . '' 
 he turned to meet her gaze . 
 `` angelica , she 's agreed to bring me in as a partner . 
 do you know what this means ? '' 
 she felt his excitement and could n't help but smile . 
 `` you 'll have access to all the information you 'll need to tear down starlin . '' 
 `` that 's exactly what it means . '' 
 but angelica felt uneasy . 
 she did n't trust sweet dove , and something about the proposed meeting made her skin crawl . 
 * * * the next night , with a few hours to go before the masked ball , reyes 's housekeeper informed him that eve had arrived . 
 reyes had known eve a long time , decades in fact . 
 she was one of the key attractions at the erotic passage , a vast sex-club network in the como cavern system which he had often visited over the years . 
 he counted her as a friend , and she was one of the few people in his world he trusted without question . 
 with angelica beside him , he greeted the blond beauty . 
 she was an amazonian type and , with stilettos on , was even taller than reyes . 
 she wore her long blond hair held away from her face with a simple headband . 
 even without her usually extravagant stage makeup she was a striking beauty , with ice-blue cat eyes , a straight nose , strong cheekbones , and arched brows . 
 she had a direct way of looking at everyone that spoke of her confidence . 
 she kissed reyes on each cheek , then turned to offer her hand to angelica . 
 `` i 'm eve . 
 i saw what you did for reyes at the after-auction party , just after the performance of my acting troupe , when he 'd mentally checked out . 
 you did good . '' 
 she smiled , showing lovely straight teeth . 
 `` but you really should bind him to a table , wear a little leather , make use of a flogger . '' 
 she broke off , glancing from one to the other . 
 `` wait a minute . 
 what 's with those smiles ? '' 
 reyes took angelica 's hand and shook his head . 
 `` ca n't get much past you . '' 
 going through the recent experience with angelica had changed something for him , as though breaking free of the chains had truly ended the decades of slavery for him . 
 eve 's smile broadened . 
 `` so you really did it ? 
 i 'd love some details . '' 
 reyes wagged his finger . 
 `` not gon na happen . 
 but you were right . 
 it worked for both of us , i think . '' 
 he looked down at angelica who smiled up at him , her eyes shining . 
 they 'd escaped death together on that table , but it was all the lovemaking afterward , day after day , that had his heart aching right now . 
 `` so where would you like to do this ? '' 
 eve glanced around . 
 reyes gestured toward the staircase . 
 `` how about we take this to my bedroom ? '' 
 `` now that 's a place i 've begged to see all this time . 
 i 'm honored . '' 
 reyes had refused a dozen entreaties to share eve 's bed . 
 he valued her friendship too much to cloud it with sex , even though she 'd assured him repeatedly that she was n't a clingy sort and would never have had expectations of him beyond sex . 
 had he been tempted ? 
 hell , yes , but right now he was glad he 'd stuck to his guns . 
 he pulled angelica close to his side , lifting her off her feet , then levitated to the second story , eve close behind . 
 once within he closed the door , and after settling both eve and angelica in the sitting room , he swore eve to secrecy . 
 he then told her about his desire and efforts to destroy the starlin group . 
 eve listened wide-eyed . 
 `` so let me understand . 
 you bought angelica at auction and now both of you are pretending to support a slave-slaver relationship because you 're undercover ? '' 
 `` exactly . 
 but this group is heavy into torture , and i need some kind of proof that i 've been hurting angelica or i wo n't be able to move higher up in the organization . '' 
 though the last bit was n't the entire truth , given that he 'd soon be sweet dove 's partner , he felt it necessary to keep eve in the dark , especially where sweet dove was concerned . 
 the less she knew , the better . 
 eve leaned close to reyes . 
 `` i want you to know how much i appreciate that you 're going after starlin . 
 i never said anything all this time about the company you 've kept , but now i understand and i 'm so proud of what you 're doing . '' 
 she included angelica as well , grabbing for her hand and giving a squeeze . 
 `` for what you 're both trying to accomplish . '' 
 reyes nodded . 
 `` the moment i escaped my own slavery , i set my mind to it . '' 
 eve nodded several times , but said nothing more . 
 reyes let the moment breathe as his own dedication to the mission filled his mind all over again . 
 eve often purchased slaves , but always with the end goal of setting them free . 
 they were like-minded . 
 finally he asked , `` so you think you can create some realistic bruising ? '' 
 eve rose to her feet and placed her oversized makeup case on the table , then turned to look angelica over . 
 `` this will work best and be more accurate if the bruises are all over the body , which means , my dear , that you 'll need to take your clothes off . 
 you can keep your underwear on . '' 
 `` whatever it takes . '' 
 angelica reached down and slid the long t-shirt she wore over her head , kicked off her shoes , then stripped out of her pants . 
 a shiver went through reyes . 
 he 'd made love to her a lot over the past two weeks , but the sight of her wearing just her bra and a very sheer black thong worked on him all over again . 
 angelica turned toward him , her cheeks flushed . 
 she covered the blood-chain at her neck with her fingers . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 but she laughed . 
 he shook his head back and forth several times . 
 `` it 's just that ... what can i say ... i mean look at you ... '' he waved a hand toward her several times , looking her up and down . 
 eve laughed at him and said , `` reyes , maybe you could focus on some paperwork or something . '' 
 he cleared his throat , grabbed his laptop , and moved to a nearby club chair . 
 `` i 'll leave you to it . '' 
 of course he might have had his gaze glued to his laptop screen , but he could still hear the two women . 
 eve said , `` there 's just one thing . 
 to make this as realistic as possible , i should add a preternatural charge to each bruise . 
 it 'll cause some mild discomfort , but the charge will invade the skin and deepen the appearance of the wound . '' 
 reyes glanced at eve and intervened . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't want anything like that . 
 you 're not to hurt angelica . '' 
 but angelica pivoted slightly in his direction . 
 `` nonsense . 
 we want this to be realistic . 
 i say do it . '' 
 eve smiled . 
 `` i like your spirit . 
 how about i try out a preternatural punch , then you can tell me how many of these you think you can take . '' 
 `` done . '' 
 `` hey , '' reyes called out , trying to stop the madness . 
 `` do n't i get a say ? '' 
 but the women ignored him . 
 eve placed her fist against angelica 's abdomen and let loose , but angelica barely flinched . 
 `` easy-peasy , '' angelica said . 
 she touched her abdomen . 
 `` that hurt a little , but look at the redness . '' 
 she glanced at reyes . 
 `` i can take it , really i can . 
 this is n't bad at all . 
 i just wish i 'd known about this technique . 
 we could have done this sooner , starting at the after-auction party . '' 
 `` fine , '' reyes said , though he scowled . 
 angelica turned back to eve . 
 `` try a cut this time . '' 
 at that reyes jumped from his seat , setting his laptop aside , and drew close to angelica once more . 
 `` i 'm drawing the line . 
 no cuts . '' 
 both women stared at him , brows raised . 
 `` i 'm serious . '' 
 eve exchanged a glance with angelica . 
 `` we can see that . '' 
 `` how about just one cut ? '' 
 angelica suggested . 
 reyes shook his head . 
 `` what 's with you ? '' 
 `` it 's simple . 
 we 've got scorpion 's attention and we should capitalize on that . '' 
 even though sweet dove was scorpion , he knew angelica could n't mention sweet dove 's name without arousing eve 's curiosity . 
 and right now reyes did n't want anyone to know about sweet dove . 
 getting as close as he could to the woman was the key to gaining access to starlin 's internal organization . 
 once he had that information , he could take starlin down piece by piece . 
 but he hated the thought of angelica being cut in any way . 
 reyes turned to angelica . 
 `` please do n't do this . 
 i ca n't explain it , but i do n't want to see you cut . 
 maybe you can handle it , but i ca n't . 
 the bruises will be hard enough for me to look at . '' 
 angelica put her hand on his face . 
 `` fine , no cuts , not even fake ones . 
 i was n't thinking of how this might affect you , only of the end result . '' 
 she reached up and kissed him , a gesture that brought his breath up short . 
 he wanted more and again became acutely aware that she wore only a bra and a miniscule thong . 
 if eve had n't been in the room ... angelica smiled . 
 `` go back to your laptop because right now my blood-chain is singing . '' 
 he shook his head , turning away from her once more , and headed back to his chair to explore the latest posts on the starlin web site . 
 * * * with each charged punch , angelica took a deep breath and let the resulting pain flow out of her . 
 eve would then spread on a layer of makeup in different shades of purple , blue , gray , and even some pink . 
 some of the splotches were small and others large to indicate she 'd been hit by different kinds of objects . 
 when eve was satisfied with the look of each bruise she added another preternatural charge , which would act like a tattoo and make the effect semipermanent . 
 a series of showers would fade and then eventually cause the wounds to disappear . 
 adding a dusting of light cream powder to angelica 's face and just a hint of blue beneath her eyes gave the impression that angelica had been brutalized . 
 when eve was done angelica turned toward reyes . 
 `` so how do i look ? 
 damaged enough ? '' 
 reyes , who 'd been buried in the laptop and scowling , glanced up . 
 if she 'd had any doubt how well eve had done , reyes 's horrified reaction as he stood up and nearly dropped his laptop spoke of the success of the project . 
 `` holy shit , '' he murmured . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` of course i am . 
 eve did n't really hurt me . '' 
 angelica turned toward eve . 
 `` she 's just that good . '' 
 `` i am , '' eve said . 
 having packed up her case , she closed it with a snap . 
 `` sorry , kids , but i have to go . 
 i have a performance in an hour and my own makeup to do . '' 
 she turned toward angelica . 
 `` you 're a damn fine soldier and i 'm proud to have known you . 
 i hope you 'll stick around , and if you 're smart , you 'll get reyes to take on the double-chains . 
 which reminds me ... '' eve pulled out the bottom drawer of the large case , and withdrew a familiar-looking red leather box . 
 before eve could tell her what was inside , angelica 's single chain vibrated heavily . 
 `` wait . 
 you 've got the double-chains in there , do n't you ? 
 the ones that would take reyes to ancestral in the blink of an eye . '' 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 eve extended the case to her . 
 but before angelica could lift the lid to see what the chains even looked like , reyes moved in and grabbed the box . 
 he barked at eve . 
 `` how the hell did you get these and why would you think i 'd want them here even for a second ? 
 or that angelica would want a permanent relationship with me ? 
 and you know how i feel about the ancestral calling . '' 
 angelica stared up at him . 
 she knew he 'd resisted rising to ancestral status for a long time , but she 'd never seen him so worked up . 
 eve said , `` not all ancestrals are bad , and a majority of the traditions are worth reviving . 
 i use some of the ancient ancestral chants in my shows , you know i do . 
 our society has just hit a bad stretch , but that will change , especially with men like you taking charge . 
 the ancestrals at the top of the slaver food chain have brought us all down . 
 they 've perverted the use and meaning of their power . 
 and though i appreciate that you 've keep me ignorant of much of what 's going on within the starlin slaver organization , and i do know it 's for my own protection , i 'm convinced you 'll need a lot more power to face them . 
 you should at least consider embracing your ancestral status . '' 
 reyes stared at the box , shaking his head . 
 `` not gon na happen . 
 and i still do n't understand how you even got these . '' 
 `` rumy sent them over and told me to give them to you the next time i saw you . 
 and no , i do n't know how he got them or how he obtained your blood to make them . 
 but you know rumy . 
 he 's so well-connected because of owning the entire erotic passage network that i 've come to believe he could do anything he set his mind to . '' 
 `` you should just take them back . '' 
 when he shoved them at eve , however , angelica took hold of the box , wrested it from reyes 's grip , and pressed it to her chest . 
 she stepped away from him , lowering her chin . 
 `` i do n't care what you say , we 're keeping these . 
 it does n't mean we have to use them , but just in case this whole damn thing goes south , i want them close by . 
 got it ? '' 
 reyes blinked a couple of times , his mouth agape . 
 `` i 'll ask again , what 's gotten into you ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i can explain . 
 but when you were bound in those horrible , rusted , smelly chains , i felt your ancestral power . 
 it was beautiful and i did n't fear you at all . 
 and eve 's right . 
 your world needs men like you , good men , full of this kind of power and taking charge . '' 
 he took on his stubborn look , the one that moved his jaw from side to side as he ground his molars . 
 `` fine , keep them . 
 but it does n't mean i intend to put them on anytime soon . '' 
 `` and i would never force you to , but i 'm with eve . 
 i think you should consider rising to ancestral status . 
 i know you , reyes . 
 i know your heart , your character , everything you are . 
 to me , you will always be the young man with a dozen stacks of books in his room intent on changing your world . 
 that 's the man who should wear the double bonding chains . '' 
 reyes held her gaze for a long moment , and the chain at her neck vibrated with a new emotion , something she had trouble identifying . 
 but it fell somewhere close to reyes being stunned by what she 'd just said . 
 she knew he had trouble believing that anyone could think highly of him . 
 she understood the cause as well , which made her furious with sweet dove all over again . 
 reyes glanced down at the box she held in her hands and , though he grimaced , muttered , `` fine . 
 i 'll think about it . '' 
 to eve he added , `` thanks for bringing them by . '' 
 eve kissed reyes on the cheek . 
 `` hang in there . '' 
 turning to angelica , she did the same , adding , `` glad you 're here taking care of our guy . 
 if you can stomach it , stick around . 
 we can use you right now . '' 
 with that she stepped away , waved to each of them , then shifted to altered flight . 
 angelica watched her disappear through reyes 's desk . 
 she was now so used to seeing people come and go like ghosts that she barely blinked . 
 for some reason , as she turned back to reyes , it hit her that after tonight 's gala event she and reyes would start the process of separating . 
 she 'd always known this moment would come , but after making love with him as much as she had over the past couple of weeks , she did n't want to leave . 
 in fact it felt as though they were just getting started . 
 but on so many levels she 'd already pushed the bounds of her own safety , and to continue on past the final event would really be tempting fate . 
 she was going to suggest they get ready for the masked ball when reyes took the box from her and set it on the table . 
 he then took hold of her hands . 
 `` it 's really hard for me to see you like this , even if the bruises are mostly fake . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but eve did a wonderful job , and it will give credence to the upcoming ruse that we 'll be staging . '' 
 * * * reyes stared into her familiar warm brown eyes and for some inexplicable reason his chest grew abnormally tight and his throat hurt . 
 he repressed a heavy sigh as he nodded . 
 `` i guess our time together is almost over . 
 it 's been wonderful , angelica , to have you with me , i want you to know that . 
 and i 'll take every precaution to keep you and your mother safe , and if we need to i 'll help relocate you both to a different part of the country . '' 
 `` i know you will . '' 
 her gaze flitted away from his , then back . 
 `` but i 'll miss you , more than i can say . 
 i just wish this was n't such a mess , i 'd want to stay otherwise . '' 
 `` you would ? '' 
 he could n't explain exactly how he felt or why he was so surprised . 
 from the first , angelica had expressed admiration for him , and sharing his bed with her over the past couple of weeks had been one of the finest experiences of his life . 
 he 'd come to know every inch of her body , and he loved looking deep into her eyes when he brought her to ecstasy or when his own body shook with passion . 
 the blood-chains he shared with her might have enhanced the experience , but the bond could n't manufacture what was n't there . 
 and right now , as he held her gaze , he wished that he could build a life with her . 
 but that was impossible . 
 his body and soul were deeply scarred , brutalized by his captivity . 
 he was n't truly fit to be with a woman . 
 besides , all his energy for years to come had to be focused on making his world right . 
 taking angelica home would relieve him of the false hope her presence in his life continually pressed on him , and he 'd be better able to fulfill his starlin takedown goals without her . 
 putting his relationship with her back into its careful mental compartment , reyes took a long look at all the bruises , his expression solemn . 
 `` these have such a realistic appearance . 
 are you sure you 're okay ? 
 you 're not hurt ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 and remember , i 'm siphoning your power all the time . 
 i might not heal as fast as you do , but i can feel a low level of healing going on right now . '' 
 he touched her shoulder . 
 `` i can see that you are , but i wish now i 'd never suggested this . '' 
 angelica shook her head . 
 `` i completely disagree . 
 this will cement your reputation , especially after all the fuss you made about ` seasoned meat ' and ` auctioning me off at my six-month transition . ' '' 
 she shuddered . 
 he smiled down at her , then pulled her into his arms . 
 he kissed her , a deep penetrating kiss . 
 he wanted her to feel just how much he appreciated all that she 'd done , especially how bravely she 'd carried off her role as his slave from the time he 'd bought her at auction . 
 drawing back slightly , but still holding her close , he said , `` you 've done so well . 
 i 've said this often , but you 've amazed me . 
 you 've shown such tremendous courage , when you should have fallen apart . 
 and now this , letting yourself essentially take on some tattoos to prove that i 'm into the lifestyle . '' 
 she flung her arms around his neck and kissed him hard in return . 
 he loved this about angelica , that she never held back , not in her role as his slave , not in bed , not in her obvious affection for him . 
 the word love rolled around in his head as he held her tightly . 
 he did n't want to let her go , and as the kiss continued he once more let her feel the depth of his admiration for her . 
 his body heated up , and the cooing sounds she made let him know he could have carried her then and there back to the bed . 
 but he feared he 'd forget all about the ball and , because sweet dove was expecting him , he had to go . 
 the final act must be played out . 
 drawing back slowly and reluctantly , reyes pressed his forehead to hers . 
 `` i will miss you more than i can say . '' 
 `` i know . 
 same here . '' 
 she released a heavy sigh , then added , `` i guess we 'd better get ready for the ball . '' 
 an hour later he flew angelica to the crystal dome , a place he 'd never been before , though it was legendary in starlin circles . 
 the cavern was magnificent and huge , a giant geode of white crystal , carved and polished for the most part , with a few crystals left upright for unique seating and decor . 
 the entire ceiling was a smooth dome , lit from behind , an engineering feat all by itself . 
 he walked her through the archway , then drew her off to the side . 
 she wore a simple cat 's costume , adding at the last minute a pair of long black gloves , and he 'd opted for a bodyguard look with a snug black t-shirt , leather pants , steel-toed boots , and a simple black mask . 
 the din from the ball in full swing made conversation impossible except through telepathy . 
 angelica squeezed his arm . 
 this place is amazing and so beautiful . 
 too bad this group has charge of the room . 
 he knew what she meant . 
 they stood just to the side of the opening against the wall . 
 the floor sloped in an easy grade toward a low stage about thirty yards distant where the band stood in disarray , guitars on the floor . 
 is everyone here drunk ? 
 she asked . 
 or high . 
 i would say i 'm disgusted , but i need a harsher word . 
 i just do n't think there is one . 
 all this beauty wasted on such a useless set of people . 
 just keep your eyes lowered if you can . 
 will do . 
 though he was once again attached to angelica with a leash , he held her arm tightly and kept her close to him . 
 they 'd arrived at the crystal dome late , hoping to make an entrance , but instead found a drunken orgy in progress and not much dancing . 
 half the band was engaged in either fellatio or full-on intercourse . 
 as though attempting to earn his keep , the drummer sustained a sultry rhythm . 
 most of the slaves were naked , bruised , and cut-up . 
 screams rang out here and there . 
 this is the finale ? 
 angelica glanced around , but scowled . 
 if anyone throws up on me , we 're outta here . 
 i see engles . 
 he 's waving to us from the left of the stage and he 's looking you over . 
 ah , now he 's smiling and nodding . 
 he approves of the bruises . 
 bastard ! 
 and could he have worn a larger codpiece for his renaissance costume ? 
 i believe i now understand the concept of hatred . 
 i detest that man . 
 reyes leaned close . 
 just keep the fire from your eyes . 
 he then kissed her ear , nibbling . 
 although that fire is my favorite part of who you are . 
 reyes . 
 her voice , whispering his name through his mind , put a fist around his heart that squeezed hard . 
 he would miss that as well , the woman speaking telepathically with him . 
 do we have to go to engles ? 
 she asked . 
 here 's a thought . 
 maybe you should just take me back to bed and keep me there for , oh , i do n't know , the next century . 
 do n't tempt me . 
 and he was tempted , especially since she wore a short black bustier and thong , as well as long black fingerless gloves . 
 her black cat costume consisted of a pair of ears , a few whiskers glued to her cheeks , and a tail she kept wrapped around her arm the way she 'd once wrapped up her auction scarf . 
 he remembered her then , completely nude , her eyes flashing with rage against the audience , and yes , he was tempted . 
 engles will break his arm waving that hard at us . 
 reyes shifted his attention back to engles . 
 he 'd be meeting with sweet dove soon . 
 i think we 've been summoned . 
 we 'll head in his direction . 
 but as they began to move , angelica squeezed his arm . 
 reyes , i 'm getting one of those visions again . 
 what did you call them ? 
 a revisiting vision . 
 you mean about this place ? 
 nearby , in fact very close . 
 reyes 's heart rate started to climb . 
 every time angelica had experienced a vision , he 'd learned something important . 
 tell me which way to go . 
 engles will just have to wait . 
 here to the left . 
 reyes touched the wall , but the smooth crystal was a solid panel all the way across . 
 i 'm not seeing a door anywhere along here . 
 reyes , my head is practically spinning . 
 can you shift to altered flight and pass through ? 
 what i need to see is on the other side of the wall . 
 i 'll take it slow . 
 even though engles would probably come after them , reyes moved slowly and passed into a series of rooms , a long hallway between . 
 this looks like an accounting setup . 
 shit , angelica , i think this is the starlin group 's main offices . 
 i think you 're right . 
 do you see the arched doorway at the end ? 
 we need to go there . 
 now . 
 reyes followed angelica 's directions , moving faster now . 
 he felt it as well , a profound sense of urgency . 
 the archway led to a room with a long conference table and tall padded chairs . 
 a wall of bookshelves opposite and a waterfall at the far left end told reyes exactly where he was . 
 i 've seen pictures of this place on the starlin web site . 
 this is where the board of governors meets . 
 he remained in altered flight , hovering at the end of the table . 
 this was the hub of the organization , in the outer offices and here in this conference room . 
 reyes , i ca n't explain it , but i think we 're close to sweet dove 's office . 
 i have a strong sense of her , that the vision is about her but that we need to be in her space to see it . 
 just tell me which way to go . 
 he felt angelica grow very still . 
 pass through the waterfall . 
 reyes 's heart pounded now as he put them both in motion . 
 he approached the water , then passed through the solid rock wall behind it . 
 when he reached the other side he knew he 'd arrived at the end point of his mission . 
 angelica confirmed his suspicion . 
 this is sweet dove 's office . 
 i can feel it with every bone in my body . 
 he set them both down on what proved to be an antique turkish carpet over a gray-and-cream marble floor . 
 his eye was drawn upward first , to a long , dangerous fissure in the carved rock ceiling above . 
 if that kind of breach in the rock had been in any of his properties , he would have brought in an engineer to look it over . 
 but it was n't the tall ceiling that held his attention . 
 suspended from the rock , over the center of the space , was a large metal chandelier , made up of antique swords hanging free in places and welded together in others . 
 a large antique desk with scrolled legs sat to the side , another waterfall adjacent . 
 to the right of the desk was a chaise longue and a pair of black leather chairs . 
 this was a woman 's room . 
 he could feel that sweet dove had been here , even recently . 
 angelica trembled in his arms . 
 the vision was coming to her . 
 `` reyes , '' she said softly . 
 `` why were we able to get into this room ? 
 would n't sweet dove have set up all kinds of security measures to keep people from flying in here ? '' 
 `` yes , i suppose she would . '' 
 he felt uneasy suddenly . 
 angelica 's sudden swift intake of breath told him the vision had arrived . 
 as soon as it ended , he 'd get her out of the office . 
 then his gaze landed on the very thing he 'd been after all this time . 
 in the center of sweet dove 's desk sat a large laptop . 
 he knew with every fiber of his being that the files in this computer held the information he 'd need to destroy starlin . 
 chapter three caught in the vision , angelica saw sweet dove reclining on the chaise longue , fingering the curls at the top of her head . 
 she wore a white linen dress of some kind and chatted with engles . 
 he rocked the tumbler in his hand . 
 `` and all this time you were scorpion . 
 i 'm dumbfounded , yet in a way , not surprised . 
 you 've always had a clever mind . 
 but why have you told me now ? '' 
 `` because i 'm drawing reyes into my net once more , but he wo n't be satisfied just being my slave . 
 he insists on being my lover , and you were right , his ambitions are even larger than your own . 
 you 've done well , engles , and i want to reward you properly . '' 
 `` then make me a partner . '' 
 sweet dove shook her head . 
 `` not yet , but i may in time . 
 just keep serving me as you have been . 
 and do n't pout . 
 you 'll get your reward , the one you 've been craving for three weeks now . 
 reyes has hardly touched her , you know . 
 you would have loved seeing how masterful she was on my table . '' 
 `` i 've enjoyed your retelling of the moment again and again . 
 the images are very real in my mind . '' 
 engles sipped his drink . 
 `` but how did you restrain yourself with angelica ? 
 a slave , speaking to you in that manner ? 
 addressing you as an equal ? '' 
 `` i was thinking of you , of course . 
 i wanted to kill her with my bare hands for standing up to me , but she 'll suffer infinitely worse in your care . 
 that 's how i resisted the impulse to lay waste to her then and there . '' 
 her small bow lips curved . 
 `` you 'll enjoy her immensely , engles , and she will fight you to the very end , to her rasping , dying breath . '' 
 engles 's hand trembled and the ice cubes rattled . 
 it was hard for angelica to stay connected to the vision when one of the principal players lusted to torture and kill her and the other clearly wanted her dead . 
 but she stayed put , knowing that she would learn something vital . 
 engles 's nostrils flared . 
 `` so you intend to make him your partner in starlin , do n't you ? '' 
 `` we 'll be partners in everything ... eventually . '' 
 engles glanced at the desk . 
 `` i ca n't believe you leave your laptop just sitting there . '' 
 `` no one can get into my office without my allowing it . '' 
 `` but it contains everything about our organization . '' 
 sweet dove smiled . 
 `` every particle of space surrounding my office is preternaturally charged . 
 i repeat , no one can get in unless i will it so . '' 
 angelica did n't understand . 
 she knew that sweet dove had tremendous ancestral power , and that if she said the space was secured through her power , then it was . 
 so how had reyes managed to invade this room ? 
 then it all made sense : the revisiting vision had become the trap . 
 at that moment sweet dove turned in angelica 's direction , confirming her suspicion . 
 angelica felt a stream of power aimed toward her , and the next thing she knew she made actual eye contact with sweet dove , from the past . 
 she had to warn reyes , had to get him out of there . 
 sweet dove had used angelica to lure reyes to her offices through her revisiting vision power . 
 at that moment the vision terminated so abruptly that angelica 's neck snapped back . 
 when she returned to herself , she was lying on the floor on top of reyes . 
 he had a blank look on his face , and she could n't reach him telepathically . 
 the trap had been sprung . 
 she smelled something sickly sweet in the air , the same thing she 'd smelled when she 'd been abducted outside the ocean club . 
 she only had one trick left . 
 as her consciousness began to fade , she reached inside her left glove , pulled out one of the ancestral double blood-chains , and shoved it down reyes 's t-shirt . 
 hands grabbed her shoulders , pulling her away from him . 
 she heard engles 's voice from behind her . 
 `` you 're mine now , sweetheart . 
 everything is as it should be . 
 and if you 're good , you 'll know pleasure . '' 
 her vision began to blur , then fade , and suddenly she was falling . 
 * * * reyes awoke with a burning sensation at his waist he could n't pinpoint . 
 his mind felt fuzzy , like it had been messed with , an all-too-familiar sensation from decades ago . 
 he could n't even open his eyes . 
 he forced himself to concentrate , to gain a sense of where he was . 
 he could n't remember exactly what had happened . 
 one moment he 'd had his arm around angelica , and the next he 'd fallen to the carpet in sweet dove 's office . 
 so where was angelica ? 
 adrenaline spiked and finally he could open his eyes . 
 sweet dove 's preternatural charge flowed through him once more , keeping him chained to the same platform he 'd escaped a couple of weeks ago . 
 the smell of old blood and sex returned to him . 
 he still wore his clothes , though the strange pain at his waist grew stronger , as though something was burning a hole in his skin . 
 he rolled his head from side to side , trying to force his mind to clear , especially in the face of the reality that the woman he loathed had captured him again . 
 he had to escape . 
 he had to find angelica . 
 where was she ? 
 he glanced around the room , but she was n't there . 
 he tried to contact her telepathically , but nothing returned . 
 then he understood two things : sweet dove had removed their single-bonding blood-chains , and she 'd given angelica to engles . 
 * * * angelica awoke slowly . 
 her head was killing her , and she felt ready to hurl . 
 she 'd felt like this more than once when she 'd traveled with altered flight , which meant she 'd been moved swiftly from sweet dove 's office to her present location . 
 she lay facedown on something relatively soft , but her left arm was bent at an uncomfortable angle . 
 `` good , you 're waking up . 
 are you done vomiting ? '' 
 she knew the voice and rubbed her forehead . 
 `` master engles ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 he came into view and had a glass in his hand . 
 `` here , drink this . 
 you 'll feel better . 
 much better . '' 
 she lifted herself up as the glass appeared beneath her nose . 
 `` drink up , sweetheart . 
 you 'll need this because we 're just about to get started . '' 
 she sniffed and wrinkled her nose . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` something that will enhance the experience . '' 
 sudden rage flowed through angelica . 
 engles had dogged her heels from the first , always after her , always hurting and killing women . 
 she took a sip , rose up , and spat in his face . 
 he stood up , his eyelids fluttering . 
 his hands seemed to float away from his body as he pivoted slowly in her direction . 
 when he opened his round brown eyes to stare at her , he bore a familiar predatory expression . 
 he rubbed a hand through his thick wavy hair and smiled . 
 `` you ready for a fight ? '' 
 angelica 's heart pounded heavily against her rib cage . 
 the man was a sadistic killer and she was caught in his snare with no way to escape . 
 she had only one hope . 
 she had to somehow contact reyes , but she had no idea if he was next door or on another continent . 
 she realized as well that sweet dove had removed the single-bonding chains . 
 she was no longer connected to reyes . 
 she felt the double-chain at her wrist , hidden inside the long black glove . 
 it seemed to be burning as well , maybe because the chains were separated and were never meant to be . 
 blood-chains always came with a proximity issue . 
 engles reached a trembling hand toward her and one by one plucked the cat whiskers from her face . 
 the removal of each stung a little , the barest hint of things to come if engles had his way with her . 
 somehow she had to escape , but how ? 
 suddenly he picked her up , levitated , then began moving swiftly from room to room . 
 when she reached the chamber with the shallow pool and the platform , she knew exactly where she was . 
 this was the place reyes had tied her down with scarves , where scorpion had watched her ha ** ng s * x with reyes , and later where reyes had attacked engles when he 'd tried to insinuate himself into their sex performance . 
 engles took her to the table . 
 `` i wanted you here . '' 
 his voice was low and hoarse , full of need . 
 she had only one whisper of a chance to escape . 
 when he dumped her onto the table , she whisked the double-chain from her glove , then slipped it over her head . 
 the sudden power that struck her made her scream in agony . 
 engles jumped away from her , his eyes wide with horror . 
 she put her hand to her throat and once more the preternatural sensation shot through her , burning every part of her body as though tearing her apart and rebuilding her at the same time . 
 `` where the hell did you get that ? 
 stupid woman ! 
 it 'll kill you . '' 
 `` see if i care , you bastard . '' 
 * * * pain suddenly shot through reyes like nothing he 'd ever experienced before , not even at sweet dove 's hands . 
 he shouted , and the burning sensation at his waist beneath his shirt intensified . 
 something was wrong because his captor had n't even gotten started with her usual means of torture . 
 the next moment a wave of anguish flowed through him , something outside himself and it had the flavor of angelica . 
 angelica ? 
 he reached for her through the thick rock walls of the torture room . 
 i 'm here . 
 i just put on the ancestral chain . 
 engles says it will kill me , but i do n't care . 
 i 'd rather die this way . 
 despite the fact that he was in physical agony , reyes fell to a place of vampire stillness . 
 angelica was going to die within the next few minutes . 
 she 'd done the worst thing she could have done : she 'd donned one of the double-chains apart from him . 
 but where was the companion chain ? 
 then he knew . 
 he was in pain because the second chain resided inside his shirt at his waist , and angelica had put it there . 
 but how could he reach it shackled as he was ? 
 his own agony formed a wall around him . 
 sweet dove jumped up on the table and shouted at him , but he could barely hear her . 
 she seemed to be asking what was wrong . 
 `` you have to let me go , '' he shouted . 
 `` never . 
 and this time you wo n't be able to get away . 
 you 'll die here in this chamber before i ever release you . '' 
 so it was all a ruse , her e-mails suggesting a relationship with him . 
 she left the table and opened the cabinet on the wall to his left . 
 her tools . 
 she was n't going to wait . 
 she intended to resume their prior relationship right now . 
 this could n't be the end . 
 he had work to do , an organization to bring down , and mostly he had angelica to save . 
 suddenly his mind grew sharp and focused . 
 only one thought mattered right now : to save angelica no matter the cost . 
 his own life did n't matter . 
 only she did , because he loved her . 
 his thoughts thinned out , his focus turning inward . 
 he loved her . 
 he loved angelica . 
 some of the pain lessened at this thought , and his heart grew full . 
 tears burned his eyes . 
 he 'd never believed he could love , not after all he 'd been through . 
 but right now , knowing that she 'd had the foresight to bring the double-chains along took him the distance . 
 he loved her . 
 he saw it all now , how from the beginning she 'd given him hope that his life could truly be different . 
 each step of the way , as she laid her dignity in the dirt and accepted the role of his slave , as she performed sexually in public when it was the last thing she would have ever done , as she stood up to sweet dove in order to keep his former captor away from him , all these things had given him hope . 
 and he loved her with every broken fiber of his being . 
 but was it too late ? 
 was there anything he could do ? 
 sweet dove had him shackled and held in place with her preternatural power . 
 the only thing he knew for certain in this completely hopeless situation was that he had to tell angelica how he felt . 
 angelica ? 
 i 'm here . 
 she sounded very faint . 
 are you in pain ? 
 dumb question . 
 immeasurably . 
 reyes 's chest hurt , inside and out . 
 i can hardly hear you . 
 it wo n't be long now . 
 angelica , i was a fool . 
 i love you . 
 i need you to know that . 
 you love me ? 
 with all my heart , i just did n't think it was possible for me . 
 i love you , too . 
 even within his head , her voice caught . 
 you love me ? 
 i 'm crazy about you , reyes . 
 he did n't understand . 
 but you never said anything . 
 i felt sure you wanted to go home , to resume your life , to be with your mom . 
 that 's partly true , especially about my mom . 
 but the rest was about my fears . 
 until this moment , i was afraid of staying in your world , but right now all i want is you , at any price . 
 reyes , i do n't know why i thought i could leave you . 
 i know now that i belong here . 
 but reyes , are n't you able to put on the chain ? 
 sweet dove has me shackled . 
 i ca n't reach it . 
 reyes , please try . 
 you have more power than you know . 
 she would n't last long now . 
 he grew very still once more and finally said , sweet dove has intensified the preternatural charge in the shackles , but i 'm going to try to access my ancestral power . 
 she did n't answer for a long moment . 
 when she spoke , her telepathic voice was little more than a whisper . 
 reyes , i love you . 
 if you can do something , hurry , because engles just put on the cat 's claw . 
 as rage poured through reyes he broke communication with angelica . 
 he had to do something , had to figure something out right now , or his woman would be hurt by that bastard even while she was dying . 
 sweet dove . 
 reyes shifted his attention to her . 
 this nightmare was her doing , always hers . 
 and as an ancestral she would always have the upper hand . 
 even with his arms extended in the rusty chains , he focused on the blood-chain that sat in a heap at his waistband , burning his skin . 
 he took deep breaths and closed his eyes . 
 the last time he 'd been on this table , with angelica on top , dominating him yet loving him at the same time , he 'd found his ancestral power and had accessed it sufficiently to break free . 
 tonight there would be no holding back . 
 with the chain next to his skin he began reaching within himself once more , diving deep , and in a split second found the ancestral layer that belonged to him as his birthright . 
 this time he plunged into this power , embracing it all , and for a long moment blacked out . 
 when he came to , power surged through him as he 'd never experienced it before . 
 he called to the chain at his waist and felt it respond . 
 he remained focused on it , and the chain moved faster beneath his shirt . 
 suddenly , without the use of his hands , the chain flew over his head and settled around his neck . 
 ancestral power flashed through him in a heavy wave like nothing he 'd known before . 
 he drew his hands into fists and focused on all four shackles at once . 
 sweet dove shouted , `` no ! '' 
 with a burst of ancestral power , he shattered the shackles that had held him prisoner . 
 he broke free of sweet dove 's preternatural charge . 
 she 'd never be able to entrap him again . 
 nothing could ever hold him again . 
 he did n't stay , however , to have his reckoning with her . 
 instead he shifted abruptly to altered flight , focused on angelica , and flew faster than he ever had in his entire life , following the beacon that she 'd become . 
 he found her in engles 's home , on the platform above the long shallow pool . 
 the bastard was naked , as was she , her knees split , his body ready to pierce hers , the cat 's claw suspended above her left shoulder . 
 engles , staring into angelica 's eyes and unaware of reyes 's presence , spoke in a commanding voice . 
 `` you 'll die right now , angelica , with my c ** k buried inside you and blood pouring from your body . '' 
 a red film covered reyes 's vision as he flew to grab engles beneath his arms . 
 he pinned him tight against his chest and with altered flight flew him straight up to the carved rock ceiling of the room , shifted back to levitation at the last moment , and slammed engles 's head into the rock . 
 he repeated this movement over and over , blood and brains flying everywhere until there was little left and nothing to be healed and restored . 
 at the same time , security alarms sounded through the space . 
 reyes dropped engles to the pool at the far end , flew back to angelica , and lifted her up in his arms . 
 he shifted once more to altered flight and headed to his home . 
 i 'll get a healer . 
 you 'll be all right . 
 you have to be . 
 she gasped several times , and just as he reached his bedroom , she spoke , power is flowing through me now instead of hurting me . 
 the chains just needed to be together . 
 the pain has stopped . 
 i 'm okay , truly . 
 i 'm fine . 
 reyes , you have to listen to me . 
 we must get sweet dove 's laptop . 
 now . 
 reyes should n't have been surprised , but he was . 
 angelica had almost been raped , tortured , and killed , but the moment she was free of peril , she addressed the critical issue of the mission , just as she always had . 
 he did n't try to argue . 
 he knew she was right . 
 and because of the deepening ancestral bond between them he also sensed that she was healing swiftly , just as she said she was . 
 he changed course . 
 if he 'd doubted that he 'd risen to ancestral status , he did n't anymore , because the moment he thought about the location of sweet dove 's office , he knew exactly where it was . 
 within seconds he penetrated the preternatural shield around the space and touched down in front of the desk . 
 but sweet dove had guessed his maneuver and held the laptop in her hands . 
 `` by the look of all the blood on you and the fact that angelica lives , engles was n't so fortunate . '' 
 `` he 's dead . '' 
 `` well , that 's too bad , but you and i can still continue . '' 
 reyes stared at her in profound disbelief . 
 he sensed from her what he 'd always felt , that somewhere in the early years of her life her psyche had become so corrupt that she truly believed reyes wanted to be with her , that he wanted to be her slave . 
 on the other hand , she held the laptop , so some part of her must have known the truth . 
 reyes knew that she could destroy the laptop right now , with a single preternatural charge from her hands . 
 if she did , the mission would fail . 
 he ignored the computer and tried a different tack . 
 `` i 'm bonded with angelica now , a double-chain bond . 
 and she 's staying with me in our world . '' 
 he turned toward angelica and saw the glow in her brown eyes . 
 angelica nodded . 
 `` i am . '' 
 she smiled and leaned up and kissed him . 
 then turning to sweet dove , she said , `` you ca n't have reyes , not ever . 
 he 's powerful and you can feel his power , which means you 'll never be able to capture him or hold him . 
 you 're finished , sweet dove . '' 
 the woman still ignored angelica , but as if in a fog , she set the laptop on the desk . 
 reyes forced himself to stay focused on sweet dove . 
 he felt something powerful emanating from his former captor , a heavy vibration that he knew well , that became a painful tingling on his skin . 
 hold steady , he telepathed to angelica . 
 looks like the bitch is going to throw a fit . 
 reyes held angelica close to his side and created an impenetrable disguise around them both , then levitated away from the desk near the waterfall . 
 she ca n't see us , can she ? 
 no , she ca n't . 
 sweet dove became a whirlwind and tore around the room with tremendous speed . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 she shouted . 
 she screamed obscenities . 
 froth poured from her mouth . 
 her eyes were wild and her hair , freed from the usual clip , flowed in angry waves around her body . 
 `` reyes ! '' 
 his name came like a hiss from her lips . 
 her fangs descended , and she began tearing at her arms with the sharp points , pulling out chunks of flesh in her rage . 
 reyes was stunned . 
 she was a monster . 
 angelica 's voice moved through his mind , offering a sensible suggestion . 
 while she goes all whirling dervish on us , why do n't we grab the laptop ? 
 good idea . 
 with great care , he tried to maneuver around sweet dove , but when she almost hit them , he shifted to altered flight , left the room , then reentered behind the desk . 
 angelica whisked the laptop into her arms . 
 reyes , look at the ceiling . 
 the fissure is widening . 
 i think the roof of the cave is about to collapse . 
 i think she 's doing this without knowing it . 
 reyes glanced at the long chandelier made of swords . 
 it swayed overhead . 
 let 's get out of here . 
 returning to altered flight , he hovered not far from the room , close enough to watch as within seconds the ceiling collapsed , burying sweet dove . 
 he waited , expecting her to rise from the rubble , but she did n't . 
 should we leave ? 
 what if she pops up out of there and attacks us ? 
 angelica sounded worried and he did n't blame her . 
 sweet dove had been the author of so much misery , she would n't stop now , not if she had the chance to do otherwise . 
 i think something might have happened to her . 
 i want to have a look , but i 'll keep the disguise tight around us and i wo n't leave altered flight . 
 sounds like a plan . 
 with great care , he passed through the tumbled rock and found her buried . 
 when the ceiling collapsed , the artful chandelier 's couple of dozen blades had cut her up , one of them severing her head from her body . 
 he could n't believe it , but his captor was finally dead . 
 scorpion , the founder of starlin , the woman known as sweet dove , was no more . 
 the feeling of relief that went through him was so profound that he felt light-headed . 
 she 's gone . 
 angelica 's voice gave him substance once more . 
 she 's actually dead . 
 i believed her immortal . 
 she seemed immortal , but there 's nothing like a beheading to change a perception . 
 reyes glanced at her and saw the wry curve of her lips . 
 thank you . 
 for what ? 
 angelica 's brows rose in surprise . 
 for being here , for saying exactly what you just said , for making it real when i 'm not sure i would ever have believed it . 
 with one arm gripping the laptop and her other slung around his neck , she kissed him . 
 take me home , reyes . 
 take me out of this nightmare and back to your bedroom , where i belong . 
 he was n't sure she could have spoken sweeter words . 
 as he launched them away from the cave-in , she said , i just realized that no one else will ever know that scorpion is dead . 
 and engles was her only contact . 
 so not a single member of starlin will have a clue that we have the laptop and therefore the means to do with this organization anything you want to do . 
 reyes , you did it ! 
 you 've achieved what you set out to accomplish . 
 you have everything you need now to take down starlin . 
 you could even pose as scorpion while you get everything set up . 
 drawing near his home , he squeezed her waist . 
 you 're right , but you know something , i 'm not thinking about that right now . 
 he touched down in his bedroom near the table and took the laptop from her , setting it aside . 
 she did n't seem to be aware that she was completely naked , which made him admire her all the more . 
 engles had almost had her , almost taken her life , but she 'd kept her wits and brought them both here to this moment . 
 no , he was n't thinking about his mission right now , only about her . 
 and right now he wanted her in his bed . 
 * * * angelica was n't surprised that reyes had something specific on his mind , so she said the only thing that made sense . 
 `` how about we get you out of your bodyguard clothes , although i must say i like you in a snug t-shirt . '' 
 he smiled . 
 she 'd never seen such a light in his clear blue eyes before . 
 he lifted his shirt off , his muscles flexing and making her take deeper breaths . 
 here was reyes , the man she 'd desired for months . 
 she felt his ancestral power resonating from him and through the double-chain at her neck . 
 he reached toward her , tracing her chain with his fingers . 
 `` i never would have believed this could happen . 
 but you have to know that i have contacts who can work to remove your chain , if you want . 
 it might take some time , but it can be done . '' 
 he frowned as he spoke , and she felt his concern for her . 
 angelica smiled . 
 `` you 're what i want , reyes , with or without the chains . 
 but given the state your world is in and that you 'll become a target as soon as you start taking starlin apart , i think i 'd like to keep this on . 
 i 'm stunned by the level of power that i feel right now and how much i can siphon from you . '' 
 she glanced down at her feet and made a mental decision to levitate . 
 and just like that , she floated . 
 `` wow . '' 
 he caught her around the waist but held on loosely so she could continue to experience the newfound ability . 
 after a moment she slid her arms around his neck , let go of the levitation , and fell against him . 
 he laughed and swung her in a circle . 
 `` you 're alive . 
 i thought i 'd lost you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she held him tightly , even worrying that she was hurting him , a silly thought because he was so physically strong . 
 he gripped her in return , not setting her on her feet , but just keeping her pressed against him . 
 angelica 's eyes filled with tears . 
 `` we almost died , both of us , did n't we ? '' 
 he nodded , his cheek sliding against her hair , his chest rising and falling . 
 she felt the depth of his emotion , the near loss for each of them and the relief that they 'd survived . 
 `` she 's dead , '' angelica murmured . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm so glad . 
 she wo n't be able to hurt anyone else ever again or to use her abilities to create another auction , or betting web site , or method of torture . '' 
 angelica pulled back and her feet finally touched the carpet . 
 she cupped his face with both hands . 
 `` we made it . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i have so much i want to say to you that i hardly know where to start , except that i love you . 
 i should have realized it sooner , but i could n't wrap my head around what was really happening between us . 
 part of me knew and wanted to believe , the part of me that had known love as a child . 
 yet i 'd gone through so much , i was n't sure i had the capacity to feel anything ever again . '' 
 `` i ca n't imagine what that was like for you . 
 i can only speak for myself . '' 
 she chuckled softly . 
 `` i was kidding myself , reyes , when i spoke of leaving , of going back to my old life . 
 i think there was a part of me that was uncertain whether i could measure up in your world . '' 
 `` well , you certainly proved yourself . 
 what made you take the chains with you , and where the hell did you keep them ? '' 
 `` in my gloves . 
 that 's why i chose this pair that went almost to my elbows . 
 as for the why of it , you were being justifiably stubborn about not making use of them , and for very noble reasons . 
 but remember how sweet dove hurt me that first week of my captivity ? 
 i felt her power then , and i knew its flavor and its scope . 
 i believed with all my heart that the only way we would survive , if sweet dove chose as she did tonight to act against us , was if we had her level of power . 
 `` and reyes , my god , your power . 
 it surpasses hers . 
 did you know that 's how it would be ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm convinced that i kept myself blind to my potential . 
 of course being her slave all that time and kept in a subservient position helped me feel constantly less than sweet dove . 
 but i feared so much that i would become corrupt like her or like engles . 
 even now , i know i 'll need to be vigilant . '' 
 she sensed his fear that being an ancestral would change him , but she also knew his character and that so long as he lived he 'd work hard to stay true to his deepest values , the ones his parents had taught him when he was young . 
 `` all i can say is , welcome home , reyes . 
 that 's what i want to say to you . 
 welcome home . '' 
 `` that 's one of the most wonderful things you could say to me , and that 's how i feel . 
 it 's taken all this time , from the first day of my captivity until now , to meet you and be with you in order to find my way home . 
 you 're my home , angelica . 
 in fact , that 's where i want to go . '' 
 `` but this is your home . '' 
 a slow smile overtook his face . 
 `` venezuela . 
 in the cordillera system , high in the mountains near the caribbean coast . '' 
 `` oh , you mean your family home . 
 the one you took back when you made your fortune . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` how about we get cleaned up , pack some clothes , and head there now ? '' 
 `` sounds like a plan . '' 
 angelica soon learned that the double-chain had changed the proximity issue so that while she showered , reyes could remain in the sitting room as he continued to explore sweet dove 's laptop . 
 by the time she 'd emerged wearing jeans and a tank top , her makeup restored and her hair brushed out , she found reyes at the table , in a robe . 
 he still sat at the table , staring at the laptop , chin in hand . 
 he glanced up at her , and she put her hand on the double-chain . 
 he seemed to be in a state of shock . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` it 's all here . 
 every last bit of information i need . 
 it 's clear to me that sweet dove did n't feel in the least threatened . '' 
 `` was it even password protected ? '' 
 reyes shook his head . 
 `` she seemed to have a love of numbers , though . 
 the records here are careful to the penny . 
 her crimes are legion . '' 
 she rounded the table and sat on his lap . 
 he surrounded her with his arms . 
 `` i like you in jeans . '' 
 she kissed him . 
 `` i 'm all packed . 
 ready when you are . '' 
 he closed the laptop lid and headed for his turn in the shower . 
 she stared at the laptop for a long time . 
 part of her was curious , and no doubt in the coming days and weeks she 'd become completely familiar with sweet dove 's organization . 
 for now , however , the horror could rest . 
 more than anything she needed this time with reyes , to just be with him . 
 a half hour later he carried her in one arm , her satchel dangling from his free hand , and flew her at top speed to south america . 
 i have no pain . 
 what ? 
 he squeezed her waist . 
 there 's no more pain when i fly . 
 nor should there be because of my ancestral power . 
 but the truth is i did n't even think about it . 
 although if you 'd suffered in any way , the chains would have told me in a split second . 
 within minutes he slowed , flying into the coastal range of venezuela where the mountains ran along the northernmost section of the country . 
 he flew her to the highest elevation and passed through a forest , then finally drifted through the hard rock walls of the cavern system . 
 my housekeeper has come and gone , so we 'll have privacy . 
 but she 's left a meal of spicy chicken-filled empanadas and a salad . 
 and beer . 
 and suddenly i 'm starved . 
 reyes touched down in the middle of the living room . 
 a thin but very wide waterfall made up the wall opposite , tucked behind a low stone barrier . 
 soft lights lit the dark rock that sparkled with gold-colored minerals . 
 heavy , carved-wood chests and tables sat against the walls but a cream sectional lightened the space . 
 a brightly colored woven rug anchored a solid coffee table . 
 branches of antique candelabra and ornate silver boxes completed the decor . 
 faylen 's boxes . 
 she moved toward one that sat on a dark wood chest . 
 it was one of the larger ones and had intricate carvings on each drawer . 
 `` this belonged to your mother , did n't it ? '' 
 oddly she could almost feel faylen 's presence in the space , and for a long moment she wished , for reyes 's sake , that his mother was still alive . 
 with her hand on the box the room began to spin , faster than ever , a sure sign that a revisiting vision was upon her . 
 again . 
 `` reyes . '' 
 she gestured for him to come to her . 
 `` a vision ? '' 
 `` yes , an important one . 
 please hold me . '' 
 she just had a feeling . 
 an image swept through her of a woman with auburn hair sitting on a cot , her legs shackled . 
 the room had a stand with a pitcher of water and a chamber pot in the corner . 
 angelica 's heart beat hard in her chest . 
 `` i think i 'm seeing your mother . 
 tell me what she looked like . '' 
 reyes took a deep breath as he leaned his head close to hers . 
 `` show me . 
 i have a sense that i 'll be able to see her because of the ancestral chains . '' 
 angelica relaxed against him and let her mind flow . 
 the woman rocked softly on the cot . 
 `` i can see the vision . 
 oh , god , it is her . 
 that 's my mother . '' 
 `` reyes , where is this ? 
 do you know where this is ? '' 
 `` no , that is , it feels familiar . 
 but can you tell me when this took place ? '' 
 revisiting visions were always in the past . 
 angelica was shocked as she turned in his arms , forcing the vision to disappear . 
 `` this vision is of something that occurred just a few minutes ago . 
 reyes , your mother is still alive . '' 
 * * * reyes felt hot and cold at exactly the same moment . 
 he 'd grieved his mother 's death for well over a century . 
 sweet dove had relayed the progress of her demise step by step , how she 'd stopped eating and taking blood and had devolved into blood madness , afterward dying . 
 sweet dove had lied to him . 
 maybe it was the blood-chains or his increasing ancestral power , but he could feel his mother now . 
 he just could n't believe it was true . 
 his mother lived . 
 `` can you sense where she is ? '' 
 angelica asked . 
 he closed his eyes and focused at the same time , letting his ancestral power surge through him . 
 `` she 's alone . 
 dear god , sweet dove kept her sequestered all this time . '' 
 `` do you think she hurt your mother ? '' 
 `` almost two centuries of solitary imprisonment would have been torture enough . 
 but let 's go . 
 she was n't far from sweet dove 's office . '' 
 he held out his arm , and angelica climbed onto his booted foot . 
 the moment she secured a hold on his neck , he shifted to altered flight and sped through rock and into the air . 
 a few minutes later he slowed his approach , diving through more rock , centering his path on the image of his mother . 
 angelica had touched the silver box and the vision had come to her . 
 she had given him so much and now this . 
 a moment later he passed through the final layer of rock . 
 when his boots hit the solid rock floor , he stared at the woman in the white , sack-like dress , still sitting on the edge of her cot . 
 she looked as young as he remembered , and her blue eyes were as full of life . 
 `` you found me , '' she whispered , rising to her feet . 
 `` i knew you would . 
 i never gave up hope . '' 
 she opened her arms , her eyes filling with tears . 
 he gathered her up , holding her tightly against his chest , tears coursing down his cheeks . 
 she clung to him and wept . 
 he did n't think he ever wanted to let her go . 
 at last he murmured , `` i bought our home back , the one at cordillera . '' 
 she drew back and planted her hands on his face . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` as soon as i escaped my captor i began building my fortune . 
 the moment i had enough money to tempt the owner to sell , i bought it back and recovered as many of your things as i could . 
 remember your silver boxes ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 treasures that belonged to the women of my family for centuries . '' 
 `` i found most of them . '' 
 `` brogan reyes , my darling son . '' 
 more tears followed , until eventually she asked , `` but how did you find me ? 
 after all this time ? '' 
 reyes finally released her and turned slightly so that angelica came into his line of sight . 
 `` my woman found you . 
 i had just taken her to cordillera and she touched one of the boxes . 
 she has the revisiting vision gift and saw you here . 
 right here , not fifteen minutes ago . '' 
 his mother left reyes 's side and moved in angelica 's direction . 
 she lifted her hands to angelica , who in turn took them . 
 `` thank you , my dear . '' 
 `` angelica , i 'd like you to meet my mother , faylen reyes . '' 
 angelica nodded as more tears slipped down her cheeks . 
 `` i 'm so happy to meet you , mrs. reyes . '' 
 `` faylen please . '' 
 her gaze fell to angelica 's throat . 
 `` and you 're bonded to reyes ? '' 
 angelica met reyes 's gaze . 
 `` i am . '' 
 reyes felt as though nothing had been so real in his life as what stood before him : a mother believed dead and now come to life , and a woman to whom he would give himself for the rest of his days . 
 `` let me take you home , mother . 
 i 'll go very slowly , which means this will take some time . '' 
 `` i have all the time in the world . '' 
 * * * later that night , with reyes 's mother asleep in a real bed for the first time in almost two centuries , angelica lay in the arms of the man she loved . 
 she knew that , in time , she would reunite with her own mother , though she had no idea how she would explain her vampire husband , the constant wearing of the blood-chains , or that over the years her aging would slow to match reyes 's . 
 but those were small issues to be worked out in the larger scheme of things . 
 she had every confidence that reyes would take down starlin , piece by piece , as he 'd sworn to do . 
 for herself angelica had only one desire , at least for the present , and that was to continue to be a comfort to reyes . 
 she felt a profound sense of wonder from reyes and an ever-flowing wave of emotion that moved back and forth , like the waves at the shore 's edge , rising up on the sand , drifting back , a constant push-pull . 
 she was content , deeply so , and awestruck . 
 she still could n't believe that she 'd been instrumental in metaphorically bringing a woman back from the dead . 
 reyes had never believed she 'd survived the deaths of both her husband and her son . 
 sweet dove 's recounting had seemed entirely plausible to reyes . 
 she stared up at a beautiful piece of red crystal that lay embedded in the slate-colored ceiling , the natural shade of the mountain stone . 
 she shifted onto her side slightly , turning toward reyes and drawing close . 
 she was naked , as was reyes , but he had n't made love to her yet . 
 right now she lay next to him , as each settled into the extraordinary moment of coming home . 
 they 'd spent hours in his mother 's company , sharing the empanadas with her , talking and talking . 
 faylen was very thin and ate only a few bites . 
 her body would take months to fully recover from her captivity . 
 reyes was n't asleep . 
 he lay on his back , also looking up at the ceiling . 
 she rose up slightly . 
 `` you know i 've been turning this over in my mind , and what i do n't get is why sweet dove kept your mother alive . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't really know . 
 maybe sweet dove had planned on using her , or she might have forgotten all about her . 
 you heard what mother said , that a group of caregivers had been in charge of her for decades . 
 she 'd only actually seen sweet dove three times in all those years . '' 
 `` you know what ? 
 i believe in grace . 
 i believe your mother lived so that your life could be restored in just this way . '' 
 he shifted this time , turning to face her . 
 he took her chin in his hand . 
 `` you were the first evidence of grace , more than i ever deserved . '' 
 angelica kissed him softly . 
 `` i have a feeling that we will have many arguments on the subject of what you deserve before you finally give way to my superior opinion of who you are . 
 because if a man ever deserved grace , and all good things , it 's you . '' 
 he searched her eyes and pushed her hair away from her temples . 
 he kissed her forehead and her cheeks . 
 `` i love you , angelica , more than i 'll ever be able to express . '' 
 he made love to her after that , moving slowly over her body , holding her gaze while he brought her to ecstasy . 
 the double-chains added a new layer of intensity . 
 she could even feel his pleasure as he released into her , which brought her crying out as once more she reached the pinnacle . 
 as she fell asleep within the warm comfort of reyes 's embrace , a different kind of vision came to her , something that surprised her beyond words and made her smile . 
 she held a dark-haired baby in her arms , and when he opened his eyes they were as crystal clear as the mountain sky . 
 she 'd been abducted into the vampire world , fallen in love with one of their kind , and would one day give birth to a child who would know only love and security in their care . 
 in the vision reyes came to her , moving in close behind and embracing them both . 
 `` i do n't deserve this bounty , '' he whispered . 
 she smiled . 
 their only real argument , what the man deserved . 
 she turned her head and kissed him . 
 the baby cooed his pleasure . 
 and life was good . 
