 chapter one angelica stood in front of briggs 's ocean club in newport beach , staring up at two well-lit palm trees that flanked the entrance . 
 her heart hammered out a few unsteady beats , since her reasons for being here involved a certain walk of shame she hoped to make sometime the next morning . 
 but now that she was here , her knees felt watery and the butterflies in her stomach had staged a massive riot . 
 she had n't been with a man for a good long stretch of road . 
 so why was she aiming for dark and dangerous when any number of hardworking males around her office would scratch this itch just fine ? 
 she might even fall in love , make some babies , have a life . 
 except she did n't want that kind of life . 
 putting a hand to her stomach , she drew a deep breath . 
 she 'd finally admitted to herself that only one man would do : brogan reyes , a six-five god who looked like he ran black ops missions in his spare time . 
 piercing blue eyes , massive shoulders , and a scruff that made her tongue tingle just thinking about licking a line straight up his jaw . 
 despite her self-confessed need , she remained outside the club , knowing he could be inside . 
 for whatever reason , she could n't make her feet move . 
 she did n't really have time for a man in her life anyway . 
 she had a demanding job as an accountant in a big firm that kept her insanely busy . 
 she should just show some sense , head back to her apartment , pay some bills , drink a tumbler of patron silver , and get some rest . 
 besides , her stilettos pinched like hell . 
 she was n't used to dressing up like this , showing a ridiculous amount of come-and-get-me cle ** age . 
 and she was way out of flirting practice . 
 yet her feet would n't move backward , either . 
 her life had become a serious rut , and if she did n't do something to shake things up she thought she might go mad . 
 a sudden offshore breeze gave her a small push and she finally set her feet in motion , straight for the doors . 
 she wanted this for herself , if only for one night . 
 and reyes was the man she wanted . 
 taking a deep breath , she lowered her chin and crossed the foyer threshold , her black sequin clutch held tight to her side . 
 the hostess smiled . 
 `` welcome to briggs 's ocean club . 
 can i help you with your reservation this evening ? '' 
 the club had a variety of venues , including an upscale restaurant , a huge bar and lounge , and an outdoor patio , as well as live music and dancing . 
 angelica waved a hand to the left , indicating the lounge , and the hostess smiled and nodded . 
 she made her way to the short staircase that descended to the large , noisiest part of the club : the bar . 
 as she walked down the five steps , she quickly scanned the tables and long , polished oak bar , but reyes was n't there . 
 she picked a stool at the end nearest the stairs , and perched . 
 the bartender made his way over . 
 `` angelica , great to see you again . '' 
 `` hey , marcus . '' 
 `` you have n't been here in a while . '' 
 a concerned frown followed . 
 `` how 's your mom ? '' 
 `` she 's doing much better , but thanks for asking . 
 my aunt 's in town to look after her , so i have a reprieve , at least for a couple of weeks . '' 
 `` well , that 's great . '' 
 and it was . 
 angelica could breathe a little and tonight , she could indulge . 
 `` you 're one of my favorite people , you know . 
 lot of spoiled rich kids in this joint . 
 so what can i get you ? '' 
 `` gin and tonic , please . '' 
 `` you got it . '' 
 he moved away to prepare her order , then returned swiftly , drink in hand , laying down a silver coaster first . 
 but he was off almost as fast , greeting a new group and taking orders . 
 marcus had worked at the ocean club for years and knew everyone who frequented the upscale , sexy nightspot that served the young and wealthy of southern california . 
 a gem-like array of bottles ran floor-to-ceiling behind the bar in every color imaginable , a beautiful mosaic against a mirrored wall . 
 low lights and deep maroon glossy walls gave an intimate feel to what was a large space full of linen-covered tables , comfortable chairs , and chattering guests . 
 when several customers got called to their restaurant reservation , a lull allowed marcus to come back to her . 
 he had shoulder-length black hair , dark eyes , and a warm smile . 
 `` you look good in red . '' 
 his gaze fell to the low cut of her neckline , and he waggled his brows . 
 `` hot . 
 very hot . '' 
 she felt a blush climb her cheeks , but she smiled . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she lifted her drink to him . 
 `` i needed that . '' 
 she 'd dressed for the occasion in red silk , sleeveless and cut low . 
 she wore more makeup than usual and had dressed her thick dark-brown hair to flow away from her face . 
 `` so can i help you out tonight ? 
 anyone you want to meet ? '' 
 marcus had a sixth sense where people were concerned , and he had never steered her wrong . 
 she trusted him . 
 squaring her shoulders , she jumped in . 
 `` i 'm wondering what you know about brogan reyes . '' 
 just mentioning his name caused the ever-present butterflies to make a few dive-bombing runs . 
 his brows rose . 
 `` one tough hombre , but i have to say i do n't know much more than that . 
 not sure anyone does . 
 he comes from european money or maybe south american-even that 's unclear . 
 but he must have been educated somewhere in the states because he has no accent to speak of . 
 he 's usually in the lounge on fridays so i would expect to see him and i have asked around , but he keeps his cards close . 
 all i know is that he 's wealthy , does n't make a show of it , and meets business associates here . 
 and no , i do n't know what kind of business . 
 my only concern , but it 's a mild one , is that some of the people he meets give off the wrong vibe . '' 
 she knew what marcus meant-more than one person he 'd had drinks with , though well dressed , had a predatory look . 
 `` you know what it is ? 
 some of the people i 've seen him with do a kind of strip search with their eyes . 
 the last time i was here , i felt like i was being visually weighed and measured , summed up . 
 make any sense ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` that 's a good way of putting it , but i 've never seen reyes pull that kind of shit . 
 i 'll give him that . '' 
 `` i agree . 
 he 's definitely a cut above the company he keeps . '' 
 he leaned his forearms on the bar . 
 `` so is he the one ? '' 
 again her cheeks warmed up . 
 `` i 'm not sure , but i 'm determined to find out . '' 
 `` good for you and for what it 's worth , despite his i-can-beat-the-shit-out-of-anyone look , i like him . 
 he does n't play games and he treats women decently , which says a lot . '' 
 another throng of customers arrived , and marcus moved away to take more orders . 
 angelica swiveled in her seat . 
 the dimly lit room was full of laughter and lots of flirting . 
 windows lined the lounge , with a pair of double doors that led to a crowded patio beyond . 
 outside , tables and chairs surrounded a massive tree covered in white mini lights . 
 music filtered through from the dance club , sometimes with a strong rhythmic beat and other times a slow , sexy groove . 
 as the band moved into the latter , the erotic rhythm of the bass guitar and drums sent another shiver through her . 
 marcus called her name , and when she turned toward him , he winked , then jerked his chin toward the stairs . 
 `` he 's here . '' 
 for a second she could n't breathe , as though all the air had been sucked from her lungs . 
 she let her gaze move slowly toward the entrance . 
 there he was , standing at the top of the short staircase , looking sexy as hell dressed in a black leather coat , blue silk shirt , and tailored slacks . 
 awed as she was by his physical presence , she reminded herself that he was the reason she 'd come here tonight . 
 she sat up a little straighter , drink in hand . 
 he scanned the lounge , just as she had , his gaze moving slowly , then landing on her . 
 she smiled and lifted her glass to him . 
 she 'd hoped for an answering curve of his lips , some indication he might be interested . 
 instead he frowned , though holding her gaze steadily . 
 not the most encouraging note . 
 but the moment of truth had arrived . 
 was there a chance in hell she could persuade a frowning man to at least have a drink with her ? 
 she felt in her gut that her life was poised right on the head of a pin , and what she did next would either catapult her forward or send her back to her apartment and a sad bottle of tequila for comfort . 
 despite his frowns , she made a quick decision . 
 grabbing her clutch , and setting her drink down , she slid off the bar stool and headed in his direction . 
 she 'd come here to talk to him and talk to him she would , even if all he did was tell her to get lost . 
 as she mounted the stairs , he turned back in the direction of the foyer with a slight jerk of his head . 
 with that small movement , hope soared . 
 she found him in the foyer , standing near the tall water feature . 
 as she drew closer , his gaze fell to her cle ** age . 
 she watched desire spark in his eyes , and an answering response raced through her body . 
 still very nervous , she pushed her hair away from her throat , and his gaze followed , his nostrils flaring . 
 he blinked and his lips parted . 
 she had n't been wrong about him ; he was interested in her . 
 yep , he was the one . 
 `` i was hoping to talk to you tonight . 
 i 've seen you here before , of course . '' 
 he searched her eyes . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 angelica 's turn to frown . 
 she 'd hoped for a little ice-breaking chitchat , maybe the promise of a smile . 
 instead his jaw stiffened as once again he held her gaze , frowning . 
 but she was n't about to give up , at least not yet . 
 `` can i buy you a drink ? '' 
 he shook his head slowly . 
 `` not interested . '' 
 well , that was a lie , so she pressed on . 
 `` let me buy you one anyway . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` what 's your game , angelica ? '' 
 her heart skipped a couple of beats . 
 he knew her name . 
 that meant something . 
 swallowing hard , she drew in a deep breath . 
 `` i do n't have a game . 
 i just wanted to talk to you , maybe get to know you . '' 
 `` i never took you for a fortune hunter . 
 guess i was wrong . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` why else would you be talking to me like this ? '' 
 she did n't understand why he suddenly sounded so hostile . 
 it made no sense . 
 `` you think i 'm after your money ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 why not ? '' 
 he was being incredibly rude . 
 `` how do i know you even have a nickel ? '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` women like you always know . '' 
 `` women like me ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 this was not how she 'd imagined her first conversation with him going . 
 `` you know , i asked around and no one knows much about you except that you have ties to europe and maybe south america . 
 your last name sounds spanish enough . 
 and you dress well , but even a monkey could put on a fine suit and cartier watch , and look well shod . '' 
 something passed through his eyes-amusement maybe , she could n't tell . 
 but for a second he seemed almost human . 
 his steely expression returned fast enough , however , and he squared his shoulders . 
 `` let me speak plainly . '' 
 `` oh , you have n't been ? '' 
 `` all right , let me speak more specifically . 
 you do n't belong here in this club and when i saw that you 'd stopped coming , i thought , good , one less gold digger to worry about . '' 
 she compressed her lips but lowered her voice . 
 `` i 'm not a gold digger . 
 you 've got me wrong . '' 
 `` then how about you just stick to your own kind ? '' 
 `` my own kind ? 
 you mean people who work hard , take care of their families , that kind ? '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` go home , angelica , to your little apartment and to the numbers you crunch all day long . '' 
 so he knew the details of her life . 
 that meant something , too , but it also made her a little nervous . 
 had he been checking up on her ? 
 he leaned close , though his voice sounded a little softer , not quite so mean . 
 `` go home and live your life . 
 find some guy who can set you up in a suburb and make babies with you . 
 is n't that what you really want ? '' 
 the question brought her up short , maybe even going to the heart of why she 'd come to the club tonight . 
 she decided to be honest with him . 
 `` i could have had that , i suppose . 
 yet somehow , you were what i wanted . 
 i came here for you . '' 
 he seemed taken aback , surprised even . 
 he huffed an exasperated sigh and took her arm in his hand . 
 `` for f ** k 's sake , just go home . '' 
 but the sudden physical contact had a strange effect on her as she met his gaze once more . 
 desire for him flowed all over again , an unstoppable wave of need that brought tears to her eyes . 
 she could n't explain it as anything other than a bone-deep inner knowing . 
 she knew the man 's cruel words were n't truthful . 
 he was merely trying to drive her away . 
 `` reyes , '' she whispered softly . 
 `` you 're not indifferent . 
 i can sense it . 
 and i promise you , i 'm not after anything , except this . '' 
 she leaned up and kissed him . 
 his lips were moist and sensual and for just a moment , he leaned into her and returned the kiss . 
 when she finally drew back , his eyes flared once more and the grip on her arm increased . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 his voice was now hoarse and deep . 
 she wanted to ask him to take her somewhere , anywhere , but he released her arm and once more adopted a hard expression . 
 `` you 're making a mistake , angelica . 
 and i 'm begging you to leave this club and never come back . 
 you belong tucked up in your safe , very normal life . 
 this one , i promise you , this one will destroy you . '' 
 before she could ask what the hell he meant , he moved past her back in the direction of the bar . 
 angelica did n't know what to think . 
 his words seemed to suggest she was in some kind of danger , or at least she would be if she stayed here . 
 for a long beat , she considered following after him , but the moment had passed . 
 she 'd given him plenty of opportunity to engage with her , but instead he wanted her to go away . 
 she moved forward toward the open front doors of the club . 
 the cool ocean breeze cleared her senses as more customers flowed into the large foyer . 
 she could n't believe she 'd kissed him . 
 she 'd wanted to shake him up , and she was sure she 'd succeeded , at least a little . 
 but apparently not enough for him to ask her to stay . 
 walking toward her car , almost in a daze , his words kept playing over in her mind : that this club or maybe this part of society would destroy her . 
 but what bothered her the most was his reference to her safe life . 
 as she reached her modest camry , a very safe car , she drew her keys from her clutch but got no further . 
 she did n't want to go back to her usual routine , to her normal life . 
 that 's what went through her head , and it made it impossible to put the key in the lock . 
 she knew the kiss had touched him , opened him a little . 
 she could n't be wrong about that . 
 she also thought it possible that if she left now , she 'd never see him again , and that was the last thing she wanted . 
 she had to break through his icy barrier , get him to talk , and maybe at the very least to explain why he thought she was in danger . 
 she put her keys back in her purse and turned around . 
 she had to make one last attempt to reach him . 
 the parking lot was well lit with lots of people coming and going . 
 though there were two rather large , imposing men at the end of her row of cars , she had no reason to feel at risk . 
 there were just too many people around for anything to go wrong . 
 she moved quickly in the direction of the club , and at the same time the two men pivoted toward her . 
 a jolt of fear went through her , an instinct that almost turned her feet around once more . 
 but even if they meant her harm , what could they possibly do with so many witnesses nearby ? 
 she therefore straightened her shoulders and kept on going . 
 however , just as she drew near , she swore the air around them grew oddly distorted , the way heat would look on sun-blasted asphalt . 
 she blinked and the next moment one of the men grabbed her arm , hauled her against his chest , and held her tight . 
 the other pressed a cloth over her nose and mouth . 
 the smell nauseated her , and she struggled hard , kicking and screaming , certain that someone would come to help her or , if not , at least call the police . 
 but her mind started spinning , she could n't feel her feet , then she was falling . 
 three days later brogan reyes sat in a very different kind of club deep in the como cavern system , his nerves on edge . 
 sex slaves of every human ethnicity worked the club table-to-table , while a live stage performance kept the customers on the verge of release . 
 from the earliest time he could remember he 'd survived by playing a role , and tonight was no different . 
 but if all went well , he 'd get the one thing he wanted above everything else : an invitation to become a member of the starlin group . 
 just a few nights from now starlin would host another gala event , and if he played his cards right , he was in . 
 he 'd purchase his first sex slave and become part of the inner circle of one of the most heinous slavery rings in his world . 
 once inside the organization , he intended to bring the whole damn thing down . 
 so he played his role , watching the live stage show and behaving as though he liked that the woman screamed in pain . 
 the dom , covered in leather , used a variety of implements to draw blood . 
 he knew the progression of torture well ; given her pallor , she 'd drop into unconsciousness soon , then another slave would be brought out and the process would begin again . 
 part of him wanted to rush the stage , grab the woman , and get her permanently out of this hellhole . 
 if he did , however , he 'd destroy decades spent building a reputation as a man fully into the lifestyle . 
 he had to perpetually think beyond the present moment , to the thousands of women and men who lived caged in this part of the world , serving the sadistic needs of a hungry , perverse , but well-paying vampire clientele . 
 the club appealed to high-end slavers , with black marble on the walls layered with swaths of emerald crystals . 
 soft lighting hung suspended over numerous linen-covered tables , creating an oddly intimate atmosphere for the horror taking place not just on stage but all around him . 
 many of the clientele brought their own slaves with them to perform fellatio while they enjoyed the evening 's entertainment . 
 ecstatic moans occasionally rolled through the club as waitstaff kept the drinks coming . 
 this club was at the dark end of the lifestyle , where the slaves lived constantly with the threat of torture . 
 but other clubs were worse , involving a snuff element . 
 those , he avoided . 
 he 'd sacrificed a lot to create his cover , but he drew the line at watching slaves murdered for the purpose of sexual gratification . 
 he lifted his now-empty glass to a passing female slave , toggling it slightly . 
 she came toward him on a quick step , eyes flaring . 
 with that one brief signal , he knew her type : she might have entered the world as a slave , but she 'd fully embraced the lifestyle and learned the fine art of turning pain into pleasure . 
 on his periphery he saw that two starlin men sat at a nearby table , no doubt assigned to observe him . 
 he therefore had his own little performance to give , and this slave would be perfect for what he needed to do . 
 she was asian , with straight black hair to her shoulders , and wore a costume made up entirely of chains crisscrossed over most of her body . 
 the chains left nothing to the imagination , revealing bare br ** sts , bu ** ocks , and a narrow black landing strip . 
 `` what 's your pleasure , master reyes ? '' 
 she held her small round service tray toward him . 
 with one hand he placed the tumbler in the center , but with the other he grabbed the chain that ran from the middle of her chest , downward between her legs , then rose to connect high on her back . 
 he pulled , one hard tug . 
 she gasped , her chin quivering . 
 he watched her face as the pain transformed into something sweeter , and in a slow rhythm he worked the chain up and down . 
 `` what i want right now is your mouth on my dick . '' 
 with her dark eyes glittering , she set her tray on his table , then dropped to her knees . 
 she did all the work , unbuckling his pants , licking him , teasing his balls . 
 with his eyes on the stage , she took him deep , her head doing a slow bob as he leaned back in his chair . 
 he was n't happy about the situation , which meant he struggled to physically enjoy the process , but he kept his eye on the prize : proving to the starlin spies that he 'd adopted the slaver way of life . 
 she paused for a moment , looking up at him , and whispered . 
 `` you 're legendary , master . '' 
 she rubbed her thumb slowly over his crown . 
 `` take me home , later ? 
 my owner wo n't even charge , not if he knows it 's you . '' 
 her words pleased the hell out of him , not because she applauded his sexual prowess , but because she 'd inadvertently told him that her owner would treat him just like he did all the big boys at starlin . 
 he 'd worked a helluva long time to achieve this position , spending a large portion of his fortune securing the goodwill of the various club owners . 
 he smiled and leaned close to bite her ear , sinking his teeth hard until he tasted blood on his tongue . 
 he repressed the part of him that wanted more of the sweet-tasting elixir , that wanted a deep draw at her throat , then sat back once more . 
 she looked up at him again , her lips swollen as she breathed hard , clearly enjoying his attentions . 
 `` please , master . '' 
 `` we 'll see . 
 take care of me now and we 'll discuss terms . '' 
 she smiled and went back to work , head bobbing once more . 
 his hatred of the sex-slave world went deep , so to sustain his arousal , he let his mind drift into dangerous waters : into the recent past when he 'd seen angelica at the ocean club . 
 the mere thought of her brought pleasure flowing and his h * ps flexing slightly . 
 angelica . 
 she 'd be his salvation in this heinous situation ; images of her would see him through . 
 he recalled her red dress and the most beautiful display of cle ** age he 'd seen in a long time . 
 she had looked so damn sexy , so beautiful when he 'd first seen her sitting at the bar , her long legs crossed at the knee , her gaze fixed on him . 
 he 'd recognized the invitation and wished like hell he could have taken her up on it , taken her home , made love to her . 
 god knew , he 'd wanted to . 
 the more he focused on those memories , the more his body responded , so he stayed with them . 
 she 'd looked even prettier up close , with large brown eyes , made up just right , her lips shiny with gloss . 
 then she 'd kissed him , one of the biggest surprises of his life . 
 he 'd wanted to keep on kissing her , to lay a line of kisses across the mounds of her br ** sts , to run his hands up her dress , to sink his fingers deep inside her wetness . 
 he moaned and the mouth that worked him sucked just a little harder , a little faster , a perfect response . 
 he saw angelica naked , her layered hair shoved behind her creamy shoulders , her throat exposed , pulse beating in her neck . 
 desire flowed as he saw nothing but her , imagining the feel of her br ** sts beneath his fingers and his mouth sucking each nipple repeatedly until her body responded with heavy undulations . 
 with these thoughts , pleasure soared . 
 he cupped the back of the slave 's head . 
 she knew the signal and sucked faster . 
 but his mind was full of angelica now , her long legs , his knees spreading them wide . 
 he was over her now , pushing his c ** k inside , pumping into her , faster and faster . 
 his lower back tightened and the release came , streaking like lightning through his cock . 
 angelica . 
 she was the one . 
 the one he 'd wanted , desired , needed . 
 as his pleasure peaked he groaned , not caring if he was heard above all the other sounds in the club . 
 angelica . 
 his breathing slowed and he leaned back in the chair , his mind still spinning with the images he 'd created . 
 he frowned as he thought of angelica , of how much he wanted her , how much he wished she were here right now , with him . 
 that would never happen , of course , not in a million years . 
 after a moment the slave leaned back on her heels . 
 she gently tucked him inside his briefs , zipped him up , fumbled with the button , then buckled his belt . 
 all neat and tidy . 
 though she smiled , he saw her drawn cheeks , the pinch at the corner of each eye as she worked to hold back her emotions . 
 he knew what it was to be in her position , to have to engage sexually on demand , often several times a night . 
 fuck this horrible situation and the way this slave had been brutalized . 
 he took her chin in hand and , leaning down , he whispered in her ear , `` you brought me beautifully . 
 thank you . '' 
 when he leaned back again in his seat , her dark eyes grew haunted and she spoke quickly . 
 `` master , please buy me . 
 i would give anything to serve in your house . 
 i know my owner would allow it . 
 like i said , he 'd do anything for you . 
 he says you 're to be the next starlin member . 
 please . 
 i need to get out of here . '' 
 he felt her desperation , but with the starlin boys watching him , he still had his role to play . 
 he steeled himself and took on a bored expression . 
 `` all i want from you right now is another maker 's mark , neat . '' 
 the light of hope died swiftly in the woman 's eyes . 
 she nodded , rising to her feet and moving away as fast as her shackled ankles would allow . 
 he made himself a promise that as soon as he brought starlin down , he 'd start destroying clubs like this one until they were all gone and slavery was a thing of the past in his world . 
 thank god he 'd been able to warn angelica away from the ocean club . 
 what she did n't know , what he had n't been able to tell her , was that she perfectly fit the bill for starlin acquisition . 
 not just because of her beauty , but more important because she had no money to speak of and her closest relative was infirm . 
 earlier in the year he 'd seen the starlin team scoping her , so he 'd done his own surface investigation and learned the basic details of her life . 
 he understood her vulnerability . 
 fortunately , at least until a few days ago , she 'd stopped coming to the club and he 'd been relieved . 
 but the moment he 'd seen her , he knew she was in danger . 
 she 'd never looked more beautiful or sexier and the starlin team had already arrived , hunting for the right women to snatch . 
 he 'd watched her leave the club , then he 'd taken off in the opposite direction , heading back to his home in italy . 
 he just hoped to hell that in the future she 'd stay away . 
 the one thing he 'd learned was that the acquisition teams worked clubs almost exclusively , all over the world , grabbing women and sometimes men to sell at auction . 
 witnesses at clubs were notoriously unreliable-another perfect aspect of the whole setup . 
 his server returned with his drink , but her eyes were now passive , no longer pleading . 
 she moved away slower this time . 
 he felt her despair like a palpable weight in the air , but he kept his gaze fixed on the stage . 
 he drank his whiskey in slow sips and after a few more minutes , from his peripheral vision , he watched the starlin spies leave their table . 
 they would make a full report . 
 if the gods smiled , he 'd get that f ** king invitation . 
 he needed to get the hell out of the club , take a hot shower using plenty of soap , but he remained where he was just in case there were others tracking his movements and reporting , spies he did n't know about . 
 after another hour , and another whiskey , he was about to leave when a slave brought him an embossed envelope . 
 he recognized the starlin insignia , an s with a chain in a circle around it . 
 he strove to calm the surge of adrenaline that rocketed through him . 
 this was it , what he 'd been working toward all these years . 
 breaking the gold seal , he pulled out the card and read . 
 the starlin group extends the warm hand of fellowship and requests your presence at all future events . 
 congratulations and warmest wishes to our newest member . 
 your fellow slaver , master engles . 
 he glanced up at the male slave , whom he knew to be one of engles 's many assistants . 
 engles was the man to impress and reyes had apparently gotten the job done , but it had taken years . 
 `` you may tell your master i am most grateful . '' 
 the slave , his face also a familiar mask of impassivity , nodded once , then left . 
 reyes remained another half an hour , a powerful euphoria flowing through his veins . 
 his forearm rested over the invitation , the physical reminder of what he 'd accomplished . 
 his gaze sought out the slave he 'd used earlier . 
 as she dropped to her knees in front of yet another slaver , a woman this time , he promised himself he 'd get her out along with all the others who had served him while he built his heinous reputation . 
 his plans were finally falling into place . 
 the next auction would take place on friday , followed by several gala parties . 
 on the block would be beauties gathered from every corner of the world , and to cement his reputation he 'd buy his first slave , or even a group of slaves . 
 when the woman on stage finally passed out , the dom tossed her over his shoulder and hauled her away . 
 a round of applause rippled through the audience , along with calls for more drinks . 
 another group of slaves entered the stage to clean up . 
 reyes finally rose to leave . 
 pulling a well-packed money clip from the pocket of his pants , he dropped several thousand on the white linen , then headed home . 
 angelica lay on a hard mattress that smelled of blood and urine , her hands bound behind her . 
 she could n't keep her eyes open and her head felt as if spikes had been jammed through the top of her skull . 
 mostly her arms were killing her in this position . 
 she sensed that considerable time had passed since she 'd last seen reyes at briggs 's ocean club , but she had no idea how much . 
 days , at least . 
 she also had vague recollections of being awakened , forced to drink things she did n't want to , then shoved back down on the same mattress to sleep for long periods of time . 
 her arms had n't always been bound like this-only after she 'd tried to claw one of her captors ' eyes out . 
 she still did n't understand where she was , what was happening to her , or how long she 'd been in what she could only describe as some kind of jail cell set in a cave , a very large cave . 
 `` how 's sleeping beauty ? '' 
 a woman 's voice reached her , sweet and melodious . 
 a spurt of hope swept through her . 
 `` coming ` round , mistress . '' 
 `` well , get in there , strip her down , and let me have a look . 
 the starlin acquisition team said she 's worth at least two million . '' 
 `` yes , mistress . '' 
 hope crashed . 
 angelica tried to sit up . 
 she wanted to fight whoever it was that intended to follow the woman 's orders , but she 'd only made it to her elbow when a hand grabbed her arm and hauled her to her feet . 
 `` hey . '' 
 her protest came out slurred . 
 for this one word , she received a hard slap across her mouth . 
 `` how many times have i told you not to hit the face ? 
 humans do n't heal fast . '' 
 angelica processed this statement , but could n't make sense of it . 
 what did the woman mean by humans not healing fast ? 
 `` sorry , mistress . '' 
 `` bring her closer . '' 
 angelica 's face throbbed as her captor dragged her to the front of the cell , then pulled her upright for inspection . 
 between the pain in her head from whatever drugs she 'd been given and the new blow to her face , she could barely open her eyes . 
 `` closer . '' 
 blinking , she had a blurred view of the bars of her cell and a figure beyond . 
 `` aw , why are you crying , sweetheart ? '' 
 the woman clucked her tongue . 
 `` he did n't hit you that hard . '' 
 `` not crying , '' angelica managed through thickened lips . 
 she might have been , she was n't sure , but like hell she 'd give this she-devil a reason to think small of her . 
 `` well , at least you 've got some spirit . '' 
 the woman tilted her head-that much angelica could determine , but her vision still was n't working right . 
 `` get her clothes off . 
 i need to see the goods . '' 
 at that angelica 's instincts took over . 
 she thrashed in the man 's hold , kicking at him and screaming . 
 of course she could n't do much with her arms bound . 
 still , she fought him hard . 
 something struck the back of her head and all went black . 
 she woke up with a pungent smell wafting beneath her nose . 
 again she came up fighting , but she did n't get far since restraints held her down , flat on her back . 
 and she was naked . 
 she breathed hard , trying to twist , but her ankles were pinned as well . 
 `` you need to relax , princess . '' 
 the woman of the melodious voice had returned , only now she was inside the cell . 
 she drew close to the bed and sat down on a stool beside the putrid mattress . 
 she put a hand on angelica 's throat , stroking down the side of her neck . 
 `` your blood has a wonderful smell , very rich . 
 i 'm tempted to sample you myself . 
 unfortunately , we always promise pristine , never-before-bitten goods to our clientele . '' 
 angelica rocked her head back and forth . 
 `` get the hell away from me . '' 
 she could finally see , despite how badly her head ached . 
 the woman smiled at her , but her dark-blue eyes held a cruel glint , truly malevolent , despite her otherwise angel-like appearance . 
 she looked like something out of an old painting , with light-red hair in a mass of curls , pale skin , small pink lips , and large cornflower-blue eyes . 
 angelica could n't battle the woman , but maybe she could reason with her . 
 `` listen , i do n't belong here . 
 there 's been some kind of mistake . '' 
 the woman 's small lips curved into a bow . 
 `` of course you belong here . 
 you 're built exactly right for our needs . '' 
 a chill ran through her . 
 `` what do you mean needs ? '' 
 `` you 're a woman . 
 figure it out . '' 
 the statement confirmed her worst fears . 
 `` sex . '' 
 `` of course , and all sorts of variations so you 'll never be bored . '' 
 angelica shuddered . 
 `` ca n't you let me out of these restraints ? '' 
 `` no , i ca n't . 
 you almost blinded one of my workers . 
 you must be obedient while you 're in our care , do you understand ? '' 
 the woman slid her hand down angelica 's chest and began caressing her bare br ** sts , moving in slow circles . 
 `` you have very full , exquisite br ** sts , by the way . 
 does that feel good ? '' 
 angelica squirmed , trying to get away from the unwelcome touch . 
 `` i 'm not into women . '' 
 `` they all say that at first , but pretty soon you 'll be doing a lot of things you never thought you 'd do . 
 and given your spirit , i feel compelled to offer a taste of the kind of pain you 'll experience if you do n't do as you 're told . '' 
 the woman took hold of angelica 's left nipple between her thumb and forefinger and pinched harder and harder . 
 angelica twisted , trying to get relief , but the pressure increased . 
 she looked at the woman 's face and saw a kind of euphoria in her features . 
 she was enjoying hurting her . 
 `` sorry , precious , but this is gon na get worse before it gets better . 
 try to relax . '' 
 `` it 's bad enough already . '' 
 she spoke the words between gasps . 
 something that felt like fire began to burn through angelica 's nipple , a burn that kept coming , kept increasing . 
 she heard screams , then realized they belonged to her . 
 `` beautiful , '' the woman said softly . 
 `` i really am tempted to keep you for myself . 
 let 's see how much you can take . 
 i had n't meant to go this far , but you 've got some chops , my dear . '' 
 the fiery pain broadened , expanding through her breast . 
 she shook , cried out , and wept . 
 the pain was beyond bearing . 
 she was sure it could n't get worse , then it did . 
 `` what stamina . 
 i swear i have n't seen someone of your potential in more than a century . 
 you 'll do extremely well on the block , just wait and see . 
 but you 'll need to rein in your spirit if you want to survive , and do n't ever say i did n't warn you . '' 
 her vision began to blacken . 
 as angelica slipped into unconsciousness once more , she saw the woman smile , a final image she 'd never forget . 
 chapter two on friday night reyes straightened immaculate cuffs , held together by black onyx links . 
 his brioni tux , ordered months ago , fit like a glove and looked like the fortune it had cost . 
 shoes , italian leather . 
 watch , limited-edition cartier . 
 he 'd left nothing to chance . 
 what he accomplished at the auction tonight would be the final door he 'd use to enter the starlin world for good . 
 he 'd worked toward this moment for a long time , building his bad-boy , player reputation and finally gaining membership . 
 but having access to all the starlin events was only the beginning and he knew that . 
 there could be no easing off . 
 if anything , he needed to work just a little harder to make sure that the front man for the operation , damien engles , totally bought his cover , the reason he intended to purchase a slave tonight . 
 once he had engles 's support , he could begin pushing the boundaries of the corporation to find out once and for all exactly who was behind the starlin group . 
 only then would he know what steps he 'd need to take to destroy an organization that had enslaved , tortured , and murdered hundreds of thousands of innocent people , human and vampire . 
 his heart thrummed with excitement and with a familiar deep need to pay-it-back-in-fucking-full . 
 the slavery he 'd endured himself for a full century had created his profound wish to change the status quo . 
 slavery had gone on for millennia and maybe that was part of the problem : time had given it a certain acceptability and tolerance . 
 not that he cared . 
 he had one purpose in his life , and he meant to see it through even if he died in the attempt . 
 his reasons were personal since he 'd never found his captor . 
 she 'd eluded him all this time , staying one step ahead of him , living her life in secrecy , perhaps knowing that once he found her , he 'd kill her . 
 however , she had a lot of powers in her arsenal , and one of them was the ability to create intricate disguises . 
 she 'd bought him at auction , or so he 'd been told . 
 he had n't been conscious by the time he 'd been taken to the actual bidding block . 
 he 'd fought his captors hard , something that had appealed to her sadistic nature . 
 the only way they 'd been able to manage him was by binding him with a dozen chains , all enhanced with preternatural power . 
 sweet dove , the only name he 'd ever known her by , had offered the highest bid in sex-slave history . 
 then she 'd torn him down , one drop of blood at a time , one inflicted wound after another , depriving him of sleep and of sustenance , until he 'd become a mass of incoherent thoughts . 
 she 'd rebuilt him with sex , chaining him up and making him come repeatedly with every part of her body , until his soul shut off and he became the animal she 'd craved . 
 he 'd engaged with her then , fully and completely , holding nothing back . 
 yet some part of him had remained intact , and began a painfully slow resurgence , a process that took over a century . 
 by the time he escaped sweet dove 's cavern lair , he 'd had only one thought : to get rid of her kind forever , the sex slavers that used humans and fellow vampires like animals . 
 maybe he had n't found her yet , but in the meantime he 'd undermine the world she 'd helped create and no doubt continued to sustain with her wealth and patronage . 
 as far as he knew she had no association with starlin , but this arm of the sex-slave trade functioned in a way that felt very familiar to him , with layers of secrecy he had n't seen since his time with her . 
 though he believed that a man headed up this organization , somehow he would n't have been surprised to find she was a major contributor , at least on some level . 
 half an hour later he arrived at the auction site , deep inside the underground cavern system . 
 the large ballroom-sized space was beautifully decorated with carved slabs of polished black granite embedded in the rock walls and surrounded by intricate carvings . 
 the floor was made of the same granite . 
 the house displayed large photos of each of the slaves on easels spread around the room , so that buyers could look over the twenty women who would be auctioned that night . 
 servers came up to him , offering drinks and anything else he wanted , bare-breasted beautiful women and men who always revealed what they had to offer . 
 some even looked him over and made overtures . 
 he refused them all , politely , but carried a whiskey as he moved around the large cavern . 
 given that he 'd been gradually making himself known in the darker sex-slave clubs , the presence of so many owners at the auction with their slaves in tow seemed par for the course . 
 most of the captives wore painful collars with leashes attached and very little or no clothing ; they bore plenty of bruises , cuts , and bite marks . 
 public sexual exchange was a given , part of the allure of the lifestyle , so that couches in different configurations were scattered around the room , as well as wingback chairs . 
 like the club he 'd been at earlier in the week , moans sounded through the room . 
 the truth was , when he 'd first witnessed the overt nature of the lifestyle , he 'd questioned his ability to go through with his plans . 
 as sadistic as sweet dove had been , she had n't taken him to public events like these and put him on display . 
 of course , she 'd held brutal private parties and he 'd endured much worse than anything he was witnessing tonight . 
 but what he 'd learned later was that because sweet dove had feared losing him to an aggressive competitor , who might have done anything to get his hands on reyes , she 'd kept him hidden . 
 now , after decades of being in the clubs while he built his reputation , he was fairly immune to the suffering around him , but only because he made nightly promises to himself that he would get rid of this scourge no matter the price . 
 most of the female slaves paraded by proud owners were vampires , prized because they could outlast their human counterparts by decades . 
 but for those men and a few women who wanted the excitement of the more fragile human slaves , who bruised and screamed more easily , the auctions featuring the best human wares brought almost everyone to the monthly events , if only to watch the bidding wars . 
 some of the slaves sold tonight would die quickly at the two-week mark , a weakness of the human race that could n't be predicted or helped . 
 others would perish at a six-month transition , another human phenomenon and one that many who enjoyed the slave lifestyle paid to watch , a sort of snuff version of the vampire world . 
 fortunes changed hands over the betting that went on during transition weeks . 
 when reyes had escaped , he 'd changed his identity , and because sweet dove had kept him locked away , and also because he 'd shaved off his long hair , no one recognized him now . 
 the facial scruff he wore also enhanced his altered appearance . 
 he worked out as well , so that his presence tended to dominate most rooms , so different from what he 'd known as a slave . 
 sweet dove had kept him in a weakened state . 
 about a decade ago , he 'd added a series of tattoos to further establish his new identity . 
 he now sported a hawk with wings that stretched across the top of his back , and a collage covered his upper right arm and shoulder , of foliage and symbols that had great meaning to him . 
 now he was here , playing his role as a slaver and a starlin member . 
 many came up to congratulate him and even to offer the use of their slaves . 
 he thanked everyone , his face almost as impassive as the slaves on their leashes . 
 he ignored the sex going on all around him and took his time viewing the pictures of the slaves who would soon be auctioned . 
 he paused before each nude image , feigning deep interest , but he barely looked at the women . 
 they were heavily made up , another sign of their enslavement , but even looking felt like a violation . 
 the auction had two parts . 
 the first involved the individual slaves ; in the second , several groups of five women sold for one price . 
 he 'd already made up his mind to focus his efforts on purchasing a group of slaves since he 'd save five women instead of just one . 
 he continued to move slowly , sipping his whiskey . 
 the auction had become a time to preen , something popular among this wealthy set . 
 most would go to engles 's after-auction party to celebrate the purchases that would take place tonight . 
 those who successfully bought a slave , or even a group of slaves , would be expected to show off the prize , and especially to demonstrate dominance . 
 he 'd made a complete circuit by the time he reached the last photograph , a woman with dark-brown hair and , as he 'd come to expect , heavily made-up eyes . 
 for a moment , however , as he stared at the portrait , his mind filled with flashes of angelica at the ocean club , of her red dress and soft lips as she kissed him . 
 he stepped closer to the photo , frowning now . 
 he was n't focusing very well , and a strange red haze had started to flow over his eyes . 
 his arms tensed up , then his thighs , his body reacting to what he was looking at before his mind could catch up to what he was actually seeing . 
 the woman in this photo looked like angelica . 
 a terrible sinking sensation grabbed his heart and pulled hard . 
 he shook his head once . 
 he could n't believe it was true , this could n't be true , could n't be her . 
 angelica . 
 he 'd told her to leave the place and never come back . 
 then she 'd kissed him . 
 he could still feel her lips on his , a soft humming against his mouth . 
 afterward , he 'd watched her leave the club . 
 angelica . 
 he wanted to be mistaken , but he would know those eyes , that nose , the shape of her lips as well as his own . 
 she 'd been captured by the starlin group despite his efforts . 
 how the hell had this happened ? 
 how had he not known ? 
 `` she 's the one . '' 
 he turned , his mind still free-falling , to stare into engles 's face . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 the man narrowed his gaze , then took a sip from his tumbler . 
 `` just thought i 'd let you know that she 's mine . 
 the starlin acquisition team who found her somewhere in the states said they had a live one , a real fighter . '' 
 angelica would have fought her captors . 
 he knew that about her , knew her spirit would be part of her appeal . 
 she might seem innocent and have a kind , even vulnerable appearance , but she also had strength of will and courage . 
 hell , she 'd kissed him despite his abrasive attempts to get rid of her . 
 he needed to adjust quickly to this reality , to pull himself together , because the man claiming angelica for tonight 's auction was damien engles . 
 he was the one man whose good side reyes needed to cultivate above everyone else in this soul-sucking room . 
 taking a deep breath , he reordered his senses . 
 he shoved his hand out and engles took it . 
 `` brogan reyes and you 're master engles . 
 very nice to meet you and i want to thank you for my membership . 
 i look forward to many years of , shall we say , pleasurable association . '' 
 he even smiled . 
 his mind might be in turmoil , but yes , he could smile . 
 decades of service to sweet dove had built up a fine skill set . 
 engles held his gaze . 
 the man met him eye-to-eye , straight on , putting him at a similar six-five . 
 his grip was solid . 
 he then added a bit more pressure before he released reyes 's hand , a familiar signal that he considered himself top dog and wanted reyes to know it . 
 starlin 's front man wore a tailored tux , finely cut but of a shimmering dark-blue silk that made him stand out , no doubt by design . 
 he had dark-brown wavy hair that he combed away from his face , thick arched brows , and round , almost innocent brown eyes . 
 his nose was large and aquiline , giving him the look of a predatory bird . 
 he had a deep cleft in his chin . 
 oddly , he looked like the man he was , as though even his features had conspired to reveal a man of violent intention with just enough innocence to lure his victims into a false sense of safety . 
 reyes turned back to angelica 's photo and he sipped his drink . 
 `` she 's very beautiful . '' 
 `` yes , but it 's the expression in her eyes , do n't you think ? 
 i know what they put these women through to get them ready for auction , yet in this photo just look at the glint of rage in her eyes . 
 yes , she 's the one . '' 
 reyes took deep breaths . 
 he knew engles 's preference for fighters , just like sweet dove . 
 he wanted someone he could break to his will . 
 the thought of angelica falling into engles 's hands nearly undid his resolution . 
 he did n't want her hurt like that , her mind and soul destroyed , her body tortured . 
 in addition , engles 's human slaves never lived very long . 
 but he had a job to do , a big one , that went way beyond what would happen here tonight-and that included angelica 's fate . 
 he had to stick to his plan , he had to remember that he was working to save thousands of women from the fate she would soon endure . 
 whatever happened tonight would be a tragedy for her , but he could n't jeopardize his mission for a lone human female . 
 and if she survived her captivity , he 'd make it his mission to find her and take her out of her hell , but right now , he needed to stay tough . 
 more than just angelica 's life was at stake . 
 he lifted his drink to engles . 
 `` i 'm sure this woman will be all that you 're hoping for . '' 
 he 'd intended to walk away , but engles held him back . 
 `` are you bidding tonight ? '' 
 reyes smiled , a broad comprehensive smile he 'd learned to offer all those years ago . 
 `` i came for no other purpose , but i 'm looking for more of , shall we say , a group experience . '' 
 engles clapped him on the shoulder . 
 `` good man . '' 
 he took one last look at angelica 's photo and saw what engles had meant and what would make her tonight 's star . 
 she had a defiant expression in her eye . 
 a slave with spirit always tempted the most sadistic owners . 
 angelica would have done better to have appeared broken and submissive because she would have gained one of the more humane owners . 
 her chances at survival would have increased tremendously . 
 he felt sick in his gut suddenly , that the woman who had kissed him , who had for a brief moment filled him with something like hope , would be sold to engles tonight . 
 he cursed mentally as he signaled to one of the servers . 
 `` what can i get for you , master ? '' 
 `` maker 's mark , neat . 
 make it a double . '' 
 angelica feigned a drugged-out state in the hope of finding her way out of captivity . 
 for the first time in a week , she was outside her prison cell , all her attention focused on her surroundings , on trying to figure out where she was . 
 she searched every wall , looking for a doorway or some kind of access to the outside world . 
 the trouble was , she seemed to be in some kind of cavern system , which severely limited the number of ways out . 
 she stood in a long line of women , each dressed differently in strange costumes that left very little to the imagination . 
 she now understood that she 'd fallen into some kind of sex-slavery ring , operated within a very strange secret society , that kept its women inside a kind of prison . 
 she did n't know where she was or even what part of the world . 
 she 'd been one of dozens of women in the same situation , all held in separate cells in the same prison-like facility . 
 her captors had put her through hell over the past several days . 
 she 'd been stripped of her clothes and tied down , then beaten for screaming that she wanted out . 
 to her surprise , none of the other women had put up such a racket , but then maybe her screams when tortured had taught the rest to keep quiet . 
 in the end they 'd drugged her . 
 at least then , she 'd slept . 
 but a few hours ago the male servant assigned to her had prodded her awake and forced coffee down her throat . 
 the final prepping had begun , as she was bathed , manicured , coiffed , made up , and finally adorned with her costume , such as it was . 
 she wore only a headdress , draped with a long gauzy floor-length scarf in a leopard print . 
 she could appreciate the artistry , except that she was otherwise completely naked . 
 all the other women had adopted submissive attitudes , which pissed her off . 
 if they all fought their captors together , maybe they 'd have a chance of escape . 
 the line moved intermittently , and the several male servants in charge spoke quietly into headphones , prodding the women as needed . 
 no one talked . 
 no one dared . 
 the men carried tasers with them . 
 at the same time a number of shirtless men , real bodybuilder types , who wore black leather pants and carried whips , lined the walls . 
 she did n't need to be a genius to understand the threat . 
 even so , she kept looking for a means of escape . 
 if only she could find a doorway , anything she could slip through , no matter where it led ; she 'd take the chance . 
 every instinct screamed that this would be her only opportunity to escape . 
 hope dimmed , however , when the line reached what looked like the backstage area of some kind of theater . 
 she had n't seen a single door or hallway-nothing that could have taken her away from this . 
 but what were they doing in a theater ? 
 would each of them be required to perform in some kind of strip show ? 
 she glanced down at her br ** sts , beaded in the cold cave air , and she would have laughed if her situation had n't been so horrific . 
 if she was supposed to strip , what would that involve ? 
 taking off the scarf ? 
 as she moved by the wings of the stage , past several rows of curtains and backdrops , she saw the first of the women walking down a runway of some kind followed by applause . 
 definitely a show of some kind . 
 but the next words froze her heart . 
 `` we 'll begin the bidding on this fine chinese ware at ten thousand dollars . 
 do i hear ten thousand ? 
 yes , the gentleman on my left . 
 do i hear eleven ? 
 to the gentlemen in the green blazer . 
 very nice . 
 twelve ? '' 
 when she 'd first realized that she was being held a prisoner , she 'd had many thoughts about what was happening to her . 
 but not one of them had involved being called `` ware '' by an auctioneer , or hearing an audience applauding each bid . 
 reyes sat at a small glass table , one knee crossed over the other . 
 a server hovered nearby just for him . 
 on the other side of the stage , engles sat directly opposite and had already raised his glass , making it clear to reyes yet again that he expected no competition for his bid . 
 but engles was safe from him . 
 he 'd long since made his decision and would stick with his plan , despite the fact that his nerves had grown ragged with waiting . 
 he dreaded seeing angelica walk down the runway . 
 the bids had already started and he feigned his interest in each woman , knowing that as the newest starlin member he would be watched for a long time . 
 even sex slavery had a probationary period . 
 many would be curious about him . 
 others , like engles , would want to know how his loyalties fell . 
 he had an organization to protect so no doubt everyone , including reyes , would require continual surveillance and monitoring . 
 how did reyes know ? 
 because he would have done the same thing , left nothing to chance . 
 engles struck him as the same type of man , in complete control . 
 reyes finished his whiskey , then ordered another , just to keep the edge off . 
 the parade of captive women disgusted him . 
 they were frightened by what was happening to them , and more than one had stumbled in her stilettos on the way down the polished wood runway . 
 he just had to get through the night , win his bid for one of the groups of five , then get the hell home . 
 but when the gavel came down to indicate that number nineteen had just been sold for one-million-five , his stomach twisted into a knot . 
 the new owner lifted her off the stage and carried her to a dark corner . 
 a muffled scream followed . 
 reyes struggled to suppress his rage , reminding himself for the hundredth time to take the long view , that one day this organization would be toast . 
 then angelica appeared at the top of the runway and he fell to a place of intense stillness . 
 time flowed to a stop as he stared at her . 
 he forgot for a moment where he was . 
 he saw only her , the shape of her brown eyes , her straight nose , her full lips . 
 she was an incredibly beautiful woman and carried herself like none of the others . 
 he 'd been right about her : even now her spirit showed . 
 suddenly he wanted to be back at the ocean club , but instead of warning her away , he wanted her in his arms , wanted to take her home , to make her his . 
 he could have protected her then , if only he 'd known what was in store for her . 
 his gaze drifted down her body , to full br ** sts peaked in the cold room , her narrow waist , and the elegant line of her h * ps and legs . 
 she had a narrow landing patch . 
 unlike all the others , she at first refused to move , which caused the tension and interest in the audience to rise . 
 but two doms with whips nudged her , and she finally moved forward . 
 time resumed when the auctioneer started running through a list of assets , including her womanly dimensions and how many sex partners she 'd had . 
 she moved slowly , glancing around the tables . 
 no other slave had done that . 
 her expression slowly filled with disdain , her upper lip curled , her cheeks drawn back . 
 he wanted to warn her that these outward displays would only enflame the audience , but there was nothing he could do . 
 he could only stare , like everyone else . 
 her hair had been piled high on her head , revealing her long tapering neck , while a very long , leopard-patterned scarf , just a few inches wide , trailed from a feathered headdress over her right shoulder , partially covering one breast . 
 she held the scarf in place by wrapping it around her arm as though she kept this one part of her body sacred . 
 she had no idea that an attempt at modesty and the look of defiant disgust in her eyes would have the opposite effect , making her more and not less desirable . 
 he felt the interest of the vampires around him like a wave through the room as the tension level ratcheted up . 
 she paused halfway down the runway and threw her arms wide . 
 `` you 're all a bunch of f ** king perverts . 
 what 's wrong with you people ? 
 ca n't you see that what you 're doing is vile ? 
 that it goes against every honorable code of humanity ? '' 
 the crowd erupted , not in disapproval , but rather in a sudden flood of bids . 
 she looked confused now , not understanding what was happening . 
 but reyes did . 
 she 'd just set herself up as a sadist 's dream , an innocent , worthy woman ready to fight . 
 the auctioneer shouted above the din , `` i have two hundred thousand , do i have three ? 
 three , do i have four ? '' 
 the number kept escalating , and quickly . 
 he saw her mouth move and extended his hearing . 
 her voice had dropped to a confused whisper . 
 `` what 's happening ? 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 he glanced at engles , who was now on his feet , his face red as he called out a bid that launched the number to two million . 
 two million . 
 so fast . 
 slowly , angelica lowered her arms . 
 she searched the crowd , trying to make sense of her surroundings . 
 she pivoted , looking perhaps for one person who would stand with her against this terrible crime . 
 reyes rose to his feet and moved next to the runway as so many others had , needing to see her defiance close up . 
 he now stood no more than three yards away from her . 
 when she met his gaze , her lips parted . 
 she shook her head several times . 
 `` no , '' she murmured . 
 she looked at him with a question in her eyes ; then the answer seemed to dawn on her and her gaze grew cold . 
 `` so you 're one of them . '' 
 he nodded slowly , still staring at her as the bids kept climbing toward four million , engles leading the way . 
 she searched his eyes and he saw profound disappointment , but she could n't possibly know what it would cost him to support her right now . 
 he had a role to play and lives to save . 
 he had his cover to protect . 
 but even as he made up his mind , a different kind of drive rose up in him , one that involved getting her off the stage so that all these other men would stop looking at her . 
 in a strong voice , and against every ounce of reason , he shouted , `` five million . '' 
 `` i have five million from one of our newer bidders , reyes of the venezuelan system . '' 
 the crowd fell silent . 
 `` do i hear five-million-one-hundred-thousand ? '' 
 engles suddenly called out . 
 `` reyes , what the f ** k do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 reyes glanced at engles . 
 `` i want the woman . '' 
 he even offered a show of fangs , just to let engles know he meant what he said . 
 engles met his gaze , staring at him hard , but reyes kept glaring back . 
 `` my bid stands . 
 you offering more ? '' 
 engles slowly shook his head . 
 `` you 'll regret this one day . '' 
 reyes turned in the direction of the auctioneer . 
 `` five million , '' he reiterated in a loud voice . 
 that old saying , a pin drop , fit the moment . 
 no one contradicted engles who did n't have a death wish . 
 the gavel came down in a hard crack . 
 `` sold , the human angelica , to the bidder brogan reyes . '' 
 he moved swiftly toward the stage and held out his hand to angelica . 
 `` fuck that . '' 
 she turned away , moving toward the stage proper . 
 the two doms now stood at the top of the runway , whips in hand , ready to take charge of her if needed . 
 she topped in her tracks . 
 `` shit . '' 
 his decision to buy her might have been impulsive and incredibly stupid , but if he did n't want to lose the entire game , he knew exactly what he had to do . 
 he had to make her submit to him right now , in front of his peers . 
 rising into the air , he levitated in her direction . 
 her eyes opened wide as she stared at him . 
 `` you 're flying . 
 are you on wires or something ? '' 
 she did n't even know the truth about the world she 'd entered . 
 as he landed , he caught her around the waist in a grip so tight that she cried out in pain . 
 `` you 're hurting me . '' 
 a slight roll of laughter moved through the audience . 
 `` just the beginning , sweetheart , '' a voice called out . 
 `` fuck you , '' she shouted at the crowd . 
 but he gripped her harder until she turned to stare at him and felt silent . 
 `` let 's get something clear right now . 
 you belong to me from this night forward . 
 you 're my slave , angelica . 
 got it ? '' 
 he hated that this worthy woman would also have to learn the art of adopting a hated role , but it could n't be helped . 
 he 'd just saved her life , although that was something she probably would n't understand for some time yet . 
 but more than anything , he needed her to submit to him in front of his fellow starlin members . 
 she turned to stare at him , her eyes wide with horror . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 `` because i just bought you at auction , you 're my slave , and you need to learn your place . 
 i want you to show these fine people that you understand your new role . '' 
 using a pressure point between her shoulder and neck , he pinched hard . 
 she cried out in pain . 
 inwardly , he recoiled , disgusted at himself for hurting her , but it could n't be helped . 
 he pushed down on her at the same time so that she began to lower to her knees . 
 a spattering of applause rolled through the club . 
 he kept up the pressure until she 'd landed on the wood runway , her hand gripping the back of his leg for support . 
 `` stop , please stop . '' 
 `` what do you call me , angelica ? 
 use the correct address , and the pain will go away . '' 
 she looked up at him , tears rolling down her cheeks . 
 `` i ca n't believe this is who you are . '' 
 the look in her eyes of pain and disappointment tore at him , but he could n't stop now . 
 he 'd already made an enemy of the one man he 'd needed to keep on his good side ; if he did n't uphold his cover now , he 'd never get inside the starlin inner circle , find the name of the man who ruled this group . 
 `` then i guess you never really knew me . '' 
 he smiled , still pinching her hard . 
 `` now what 's my name ? 
 what do you call me from this moment forward ? '' 
 he increased the pressure so that she cried out again . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't know what to call you . '' 
 `` it 's simple : master . 
 you call me master . 
 say it , loud enough for everyone to hear . '' 
 `` master . '' 
 `` louder , slave . '' 
 `` master . 
 master . '' 
 `` one more time . 
 what do you call me ? '' 
 `` i call you master . '' 
 `` we finally understand each other . 
 good . '' 
 he released his hand from the slope of her neck and she fell forward , facedown on the runway . 
 applause resounded from the ballroom , letting him know he was on the right track . 
 turning to the doms , he called out , `` i want shackles brought to me right now , for both wrists and ankles , preternaturally charged . '' 
 when they stared at him slack-jawed , he shouted in a resonant voice , `` do it now . '' 
 the men leaped like he 'd struck them , though they were thirty feet away . 
 angelica remained prone , only partially conscious . 
 half a minute later the doms returned , levitating in swift flight down the runway . 
 a few seconds more and the job was done , the shackles sealed and cutting into her skin . 
 a third burst of applause sounded and he knew he 'd finally done his job well enough . 
 though he would be wise to stay and parade her around , angelica was in serious pain now and he 'd had enough . 
 leaning down , he gathered her up in his arms . 
 she moaned softly , regaining consciousness . 
 `` my arms and legs hurt and i think my wrists are bleeding . '' 
 her speech was slurred . 
 he hated that he 'd hurt her so much . 
 unfortunately for her , things were about to get even more complicated . 
 for one thing , he intended to shift into altered flight , a form of teleportation that would allow him to pass through solid matter . 
 he 'd be moving fast to get her out of the building , but that level of speed always hurt the average human . 
 `` sorry , '' he whispered . 
 `` but this next bit is really going to cause some pain . '' 
 without trying to explain further , he flew her straight through the cavern wall . 
 her screams echoed in his ears , but she might as well get adjusted to her new reality as soon as possible . 
 within his mind , he formed a picture of the two-story mansion he 'd had built not far from the starlin headquarters and like a homing beacon , the location drew him in . 
 within seconds he landed in his foyer . 
 he was about to explain that they 'd be heading to engles 's after-auction gala , but angelica pulled from his arms , whirled , and threw up all over his entry rug . 
 she shook head-to-foot , the long scarf trailing in the vomit . 
 holding her arm in a strong grip , he held her upright . 
 his housekeeper appeared . 
 `` master reyes ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` mathilde , we have an addition to the household , a human . 
 i just flew her in and she 's airsick . '' 
 mathilde frowned as her gaze took in the shackles . 
 `` master , what have you done ? '' 
 `` just fix her some tea and get her a robe . 
 do it now . '' 
 `` yes , master . '' 
 she left the room , heading back to the kitchen . 
 angelica groaned and tried to lift a hand to her head , but the shackles prevented her . 
 she stared at them . 
 `` you 've bound me with chains ? 
 oh , god , my head hurts almost more than i can bear . 
 and my arms feel like they 're on fire . '' 
 `` you 'll be fine in a few minutes . '' 
 he reached up and unpinned the headdress , letting it fall to the carpet away from her feet . 
 a moment later mathilde and several of her housekeeping staff returned to help with angelica . 
 the women bundled her up in a robe and led her away . 
 even one of the maids turned and scowled at him . 
 they 'd all been slaves at one time or another and each knew exactly what preternaturally charged shackles felt like . 
 of course , they could n't know he 'd just saved angelica 's life by buying her at auction . 
 for five million . 
 his turn to groan . 
 what had he done ? 
 what impulse had led him to throw so many careful plans to the wind ? 
 he could have saved five women tonight and cemented his position in the slavery community at the same time . 
 instead he 'd used up a helluva lot of goodwill to rescue just one . 
 and he 'd made an enemy of engles , the one man he 'd needed to placate . 
 a string of obscenities flew through his head . 
 mathilde returned . 
 `` we ca n't get the shackles off . 
 master , where did you get this woman ? '' 
 two of the servants returned with buckets of water and sponges to work on the rug . 
 he moved past his housekeeper , a woman who had been with him for two decades now , and gestured with a wave of his hand for her to follow him . 
 part of him felt a compulsion to tell her the truth or at least some part of what had happened , but more than anything he needed to salvage his efforts to get into the belly of the starlin group . 
 which meant he needed to figure out what to do with angelica . 
 he moved into his library and waved her in , shutting the door behind her . 
 `` this woman is my slave and will be until i tell you otherwise . '' 
 mathilde glared at him . 
 `` your slave ? 
 i ca n't believe it . 
 you , of all men , when you 've been so tolerant . '' 
 `` the past does n't matter . 
 she 's my slave now , this is my domain and you 're my servant . 
 and you are not to question my decision or to speak of this to anyone outside my employ . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , master . '' 
 `` you 'll be receiving a large parcel from starlin in the next few minutes . 
 i want everything unpacked as soon as possible . '' 
 `` yes , master . '' 
 she pinched her lips together . 
 `` i just do n't understand how you could do this . 
 i lost a most beloved sister to slavers . '' 
 he kept his face impassive , but her horror and disgust mirrored his own . 
 `` i will treat her kindly , mathilde . 
 she will come to no harm on my watch , you for one should know that . 
 i will only tell you that had i not bought her , engles would have had her . '' 
 she gave a small cry , a hand pressed to her chest . 
 engles had bought mathilde 's sister at auction , and by all accounts she 'd died in the middle of one of his sessions with her . 
 afterward he 'd dumped her in the nearest ocean graveyard . 
 tears touched her eyes . 
 `` these are terrible times in our world . '' 
 `` yes , they are , but she 's to be my slave now . '' 
 mathilde nodded , but her shoulders sagged . 
 `` very well , but the shackles have hurt her . 
 can you at least have them removed ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 i 'll do it now . '' 
 chapter three angelica lay on a bed in what the housekeeper had told her was reyes 's guest suite . 
 the kind woman had taken the pins from her hair , removed her ridiculously thick false eyelashes , and wiped her face . 
 for all of that , she found herself grateful . 
 despite the amount of pain she was in , she wanted out of this horrible costume , every bit of evidence removed and destroyed that she 'd ever been on that disgusting runway . 
 `` the master will be here soon to remove the shackles . 
 i 'm sure of it . '' 
 tears streamed from her eyes . 
 she had n't wanted to cry , but she was in physical agony from the steady pulse in her head as well as the horrible sensations flowing up both her arms and legs . 
 a painful sensation , like an electrical charge , emanated from the point that the shackles pressed against her skin . 
 and reyes had done this to her , the man who just a week ago she 'd wanted to take home with her , the man she 'd kissed , the man she 'd thought was the one . 
 now she had an entirely different view of him . 
 it seemed he was n't a man at all , but a beast , an animal , just like her jailers and all those people who 'd participated in the auction . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , forcing the tears to stop . 
 she realized that she had truly known nothing about the man she 'd craved for months . 
 the darkness she 'd seen in him , which she 'd understood as some kind of black ops background , had been far worse than anything she could have imagined . 
 brogan reyes was a slaver . 
 a slaver in some kind of alternate world that she found herself trapped in . 
 the way they 'd flown here and all the oddities she 'd witnessed during her captivity confirmed it . 
 when the housekeeper and the other servants left the room , she would have started looking for an escape route if she had n't been in so much pain . 
 as it was , she could only lie still and endure . 
 the door opened and her captor entered the room . 
 `` angelica , turn toward me and i 'll get the shackles off . '' 
 cringing at the sound of his voice , she rolled on the bed , unable to pull the robe around her ; once more she lay exposed . 
 the shackles were heavy , and a short chain between each set prevented much movement . 
 he looked damn serious as he knelt beside the bed with a tool in his hand that sort of looked like a screwdriver . 
 `` is this going to hurt more than it already does ? '' 
 but he did n't say anything . 
 he just scowled as he placed the tool against the bolt holding together the manacle on her left hand . 
 he tapped and at the same time , some kind of energy flowed . 
 and so did the pain . 
 she screamed . 
 `` mathilde , '' reyes shouted . 
 `` get me a goddamn healer here . 
 now . '' 
 `` i already called . 
 she 's on her way . '' 
 the housekeeper moved back into the room to stand beside reyes . 
 she was very short and wore thick blond braids wrapped around the crown of her head . 
 she sported an equally serious expression . 
 he pulled apart the first shackle . 
 though the weight was no longer there , the pain pulsing up angelica 's arm remained , and the skin at her wrist bled even more than before . 
 she wanted to tell him how much it hurt , but she did n't see the point . 
 he was no longer someone she could ever think of as a friend . 
 he 'd bought her at auction and now no doubt thought of her exclusively as his property . 
 he glanced at her . 
 `` preternaturally charged shackles cause a lot of pain , even when they 're gone . 
 that 's why i called for the healer . '' 
 she did n't want a healer , which sounded very new age and probably would n't be of much use . 
 she wanted a medical doctor , an emergency room , painkillers . 
 and what did he mean , preternaturally charged ? 
 she nodded , but she did n't know what else to say . 
 she 'd entered an extremely sadistic world , an experience that had begun with her abduction , moved on to a strange woman with curly red hair sending shards of pain through her br ** sts , and ended at an auction with reyes controlling her through the shackles he was now removing . 
 he repeated the process with the other manacle , and she screamed again . 
 and just as reyes had said , the removal of the shackles still left her arms feeling as though fire burned up to her shoulders . 
 he turned and went to work on her ankles . 
 when she heard the punch of the tool against the shackle , the same electrical charge ripped through her leg so that she screamed all over again , then started sobbing . 
 the last tap of the tool sent pain flowing through the rest of her body . 
 she writhed and screamed . 
 `` i hurt . 
 oh , god , i hurt . '' 
 `` master ? '' 
 another woman 's voice this time . 
 `` about time you got here . 
 dammit , help her . '' 
 `` yes , master . '' 
 reyes drew back to allow the new arrival to take his place . 
 she had light-brown hair and pinched gray eyes . 
 she knelt beside the bed the way reyes had done . 
 the moment she put her hand on angelica 's head , however , sudden warm waves started passing through her ; like magic , the fire in her arms and legs drifted away as though it had never existed . 
 the relief was so great that angelica sobbed all over again . 
 but the woman continued to work on her , releasing some kind of healing touch with her hand so that in slow stages , even the terrible pain in her head eased up . 
 angelica finally started to breathe again , deep draws into her aching lungs . 
 she lay on her back so relieved that for a long time she could n't even speak . 
 finally , she managed a weak `` thank you . '' 
 the woman nodded . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` i 'm very tired , but my arms and legs no longer hurt and my headache is completely gone . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'm happy to have been of service . '' 
 she rose to leave , but angelica grabbed her arm and pleaded with her . 
 `` you have to help me . 
 i 'm a prisoner here . '' 
 the woman met her gaze , removing angelica 's hand gently at the same time . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mistress , but i treat a lot of slaves . 
 i ca n't do anything for you other than to tend your wounds . 
 have the master call me again if you have any other difficulties . '' 
 `` please , i ca n't stay here . 
 i 'll die if i have to live under this roof . '' 
 at that , the woman bowed to her , a strange , formal movement , but averted her gaze . 
 `` i have to go now . 
 i wish you well . '' 
 she then turned and hurried out . 
 `` please do n't go . '' 
 reyes appeared in the doorway , thunder on his brow as he slammed the door shut . 
 `` do n't ever do that again . 
 do n't ever try to enlist either my servants or anyone else who comes into this house to help you to escape . '' 
 `` i wo n't stay here . 
 i promise you i 'll never stop trying to get away from you . '' 
 her whole body shook as she spoke , but he ought to know the truth : that she would n't remain a victim , that she 'd never give up trying to leave . 
 `` you intend to just walk out the door ? '' 
 `` that would make the most sense . '' 
 she 'd walk out , then she 'd make her way to the nearest police station . 
 `` and where exactly do you think you are that you can just open a door and leave ? '' 
 she looked around , then up at the ceiling . 
 she blinked several times at an intricately carved flow of rock , beautiful in its way , but like nothing she 'd ever seen before . 
 she kept having her thinking knocked sideways at unexpected moments , and this was one of them . 
 other parts of the room looked quite normal : flat walls made of drywall , painted up , trimmed with baseboards and molding around the doorways . 
 though the door was closed , she remembered seeing the hallway when reyes had brought her into this room-she 'd had a glimpse of another intricately carved rock wall . 
 she 'd seen similar walls while moving from her prison cell to the backstage of the theater . 
 she knew then she would n't find a door to the outside anywhere in this house . 
 reyes had built a very large mansion in the middle of a cave . 
 finally , her gaze returned to him . 
 `` where am i ? 
 what is this place ? 
 and how did we get here ? '' 
 he only shook his head , still very grim as he stared down at her . 
 a terrible sensation descended on her that she was in a place even worse than the prison cell she 'd inhabited for the past week and the large room where she 'd been auctioned . 
 she met and held his gaze as she leaned up on her elbows . 
 `` tell me ... please . '' 
 `` the como cavern system , in italy , deep underground . 
 miles underground . '' 
 for the first time since she 'd awakened in her cell , she felt truly and completely trapped . 
 she stared for a long moment at her captor , a man she 'd thought she 'd known well enough to want to take him home with her , yet he lived underground . 
 she 'd never heard of such a thing . 
 other things that did n't make sense returned to her . 
 `` you said the chains had a preternatural charge . '' 
 he nodded slowly , holding her gaze , his expression solemn . 
 `` one of my jailers spoke of wanting to take a draw from my throat . 
 what did she mean ? '' 
 the word hovered just at the edge of her consciousness , but she could n't bring herself to think it . 
 he seemed almost angry as his jaw worked . 
 but a moment later he parted his lips . 
 she did n't at first recognize what she was looking at until his nostrils flared and his upper lip curled back . 
 fangs . 
 like the ones he 'd shown while making his bid and yelling at the other man . 
 fangs . 
 they were real . 
 `` vampires , '' she said barely above a whisper . 
 `` oh , god , this is a vampire world . '' 
 `` a very secret one . '' 
 the room seemed to grow warm and even spin a little . 
 she leaned her head back against the pillows once more and closed her eyes . 
 this could n't be true , could n't be happening . 
 for the past week she 'd tried to assimilate the horror she 'd landed in , but her mind had refused to catch up . 
 instead she 'd operated on some kind of raw instinct that had kept her from knowing the truth , from understanding where she was and what exactly had happened to her . 
 `` angelica . '' 
 when she opened her eyes , reyes stood right next to the bed , his blue eyes dark in the dimly lit room . 
 at least his fangs had disappeared . 
 she held a hand up as though to ward him off , but as she thought back on everything that had happened , one thing really did n't make sense to her . 
 `` i need to know something . 
 will you at least answer a question ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` at the auction , when i said what i said , calling all those people perverts , why did that jump-start the bidding ? 
 why did that make me such a hot commodity ? 
 i thought it would have the opposite effect , make me less attractive . '' 
 `` you really must be naive-or were you just not paying attention ? 
 think for a moment . 
 what do you remember about the audience , those who had come to bid and to observe the bidding . 
 what was going on ? '' 
 `` i saw a lot of na ** d flesh . 
 women , and even a few men , walking around with barely anything on , like those of us on the stage . '' 
 her stomach roiled . 
 `` and there was sex as well , in at least three different places . 
 so that was some kind sick sex club . '' 
 `` keep thinking back . 
 did you hear screaming as well ? '' 
 she nodded , turning everything over in her mind . 
 `` so we 're talking sadism . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` and you belong to this club ? '' 
 he lifted his chin . 
 `` just joined , and you were my first buy . '' 
 she stared at him , once more feeling like she 'd been body-slammed . 
 a week ago , she 'd wanted to sleep with reyes , and now he owned her . 
 he 'd hurt her as well , pinching her shoulder to force her to the runway floor , then putting on the painful shackles . 
 she just could n't believe this was who he really was . 
 he scowled heavily now , his nostrils flaring . 
 she realized suddenly that reyes was angry , but she did n't know why . 
 in fact , he seemed downright hostile toward her , which made no sense at all . 
 he was the one with all the power in this situation . 
 he could hurt her , use her , even torture her if he wanted to . 
 she should be the only angry person here . 
 `` why are you so pissed off ? '' 
 she sat up and swung her knees over the side of the bed . 
 `` i 'm the victim in this situation , the slave . '' 
 `` you want to know why ? '' 
 he took a menacing step toward her , bumping against her knees , a hard light in his eye . 
 she nodded , but he scared her like this . 
 she pulled her robe tight across her chest . 
 `` because you 've just f ** ked up my plans . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 what plans ? '' 
 reyes stared at her for a long moment , wishing angelica had a little less spirit . 
 he had no intention of sharing his mission with her , but she presented a serious dilemma for him . 
 he needed to take a very submissive slave to engle 's after-auction party , not a willful human female full of questions and outrage . 
 in order to sustain his cover , she 'd have to be obedient to him , even frightened of him , throughout the entire event . 
 he 'd all but made an enemy of the one man who could lead him to the power behind the starlin group . 
 but if he took angelica to the party in her present condition , engles would know the truth , that all this time reyes had been fronting , and his cover would be blown . 
 right now he had to get away from her , to think , to figure out just how to get her to submit to him . 
 `` you 're to stay in this room until i summon you . '' 
 he turned on his heel and walked swiftly out of the guest suite , heading in the direction of the foyer and the broad , curved staircase . 
 more than anything , he loathed that she thought him a slaver , but he saw no other way around the issue . 
 he needed her to play a role , and the only way that made sense was if he brought her into submission so that no matter what , she 'd do as she was told . 
 when he reached the foyer , he pulled his phone from the pocket of his tux and called his head of security , ordering guards to be placed at each door of his mansion . 
 to keep angelica safe , he had to make certain she did n't try to leave his house . 
 this exclusive section of the como system housed a lot of starlin members , and if she was caught on the run , angelica could disappear into another slaver 's house and never be seen again . 
 runaways were fair game . 
 he wished to hell he could tell her the truth , but he 'd be risking too much , which meant he had to make her believe that she truly was his slave and her survival depended on doing his bidding . 
 which meant he had to break her will and do it fast . 
 most of the time , it took very little to make a human submit-a threat of pain coupled with the taste of great pleasure beneath his fangs if she obeyed . 
 angelica was n't the typical human female , however , and he worried that if he started down this road he 'd be forced to do things to her that would make him as bad as engles . 
 a cold shudder went through him , but he really did n't have a choice . 
 as he started up the stairs , he heard her bare feet slapping against the slate floor . 
 she called out , `` this is n't right and you need to let me go . 
 i do n't care that you bought me at some kind of freak-ass auction . 
 i 'm not a slave and you ca n't make me one . '' 
 pausing on the third step and gripping the handrail , he turned to stare down at her as he considered his next move . 
 he 'd intended only to retrieve the outfit she 'd need for the party and bring it to her , and afterward make her a couple of serious threats that he hoped might bring her in line . 
 but she 'd just proved yet again that breaking her will would be no simple thing . 
 two of his guards arrived and took up positions on either side of the massive wood front door . 
 she watched them , her brows raised . 
 he thought their arrival could work in his favor because the men were one more signal her brain clearly needed to help clarify her present reality . 
 he held a hand out to her . 
 `` come with me . 
 i think it 's time we had a heart-to-heart . '' 
 she looked wary and did n't move for a long moment . 
 but after glancing once more at the guards , she finally put her feet in motion . 
 he led her up the stairs , then to the east wing that housed his private quarters , recently renovated to enhance his slaver identity . 
 he threw the doors wide , then passed by his bedroom , taking his time so she could see the level of his wealth . 
 money was power , another piece of information she clearly needed to figure out . 
 he had a sitting room on the right , then his exercise and massage rooms , and finally an expansive bathroom with a deep soaking tub in addition to a walk-in shower . 
 she did n't say anything , but she 'd slowed her movements to look around , which he took as a good sign . 
 the last room had cost him over a million , having required the dredging out of tons of rock . 
 but the investment had speeded up his starlin membership since the room had met the approval of several starlin men who 'd come to make an inspection . 
 as he grasped the door handle , he looked back at her . 
 most of her makeup was long gone , and her hair had come down to hang about her shoulders . 
 she was in a state of disarray and looked ridiculously vulnerable as she held her head high . 
 even like this , with reddened eyes , she was damn beautiful . 
 how he hated that fate had somehow put her in this heinous position . 
 she met his gaze . 
 `` so what 's beyond the door ? 
 what is it you need to show me ? 
 i 'm guessing it 's some kind of oversized closet for your billionaire wardrobe . '' 
 `` see for yourself . '' 
 he pushed the door wide , flipped on the lights that dotted the wood ceiling , then stepped aside to make way for her . 
 `` this is the game room , a place you and i will be spending a lot of time , starting now , actually . '' 
 she moved in slowly , then gasped . 
 `` oh , god . 
 what is this ? '' 
 he 'd designed the space based on one of the rooms sweet dove had kept in her sprawling home . 
 she 'd taken him there on an almost nightly basis . 
 the result was essentially a padded torture chamber full of masks , whips , a variety of implements for cutting , two different kinds of tables with straps and stirrups , and a wall of chains and manacles . 
 taking hold of angelica 's arm , he pulled her into the room , then turned to lock the door . 
 he 'd positioned the dead bolt high so that no slave could reach it . 
 she turned to him , wide-eyed , a frown between her brows . 
 `` you ca n't be serious . '' 
 he could explain everything to her , or he could show her . 
 he knew she 'd been through a lot , but she needed to get with the program now . 
 if he wanted to sustain his reputation in this lifestyle , he needed angelica on a leash and her demeanor properly subdued by the time he took her to engles 's home . 
 `` you 're going to learn to obey me , angelica . 
 i wo n't have you fighting me , not here in my home or in public . 
 i own you now , you 're my slave , get used to it and do it fast . 
 i 've been working for years to gain admittance into the starlin group and i 'm not about to let you f ** k it up . 
 `` now , we 'll be going to a party in a couple of hours , and while we 're there i need you on your knees the moment i tell you to get on your knees . '' 
 a look of horror passed over her features . 
 `` to do what ? '' 
 `` i think you know exactly what that means . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` this ca n't be happening and like hell i 'm going down on you in public . 
 i 'd rather die . '' 
 he 'd hoped the mere sight of the room would start softening her belligerence . 
 instead she was more obstinate than ever . 
 time for phase two . 
 he shifted to altered flight , scooped her up , and slapped her against the wall that dangled with chains . 
 he bound her up vampire-fast so that she was once more shackled , and spread-eagled within seconds , her robe gaping wide , her body on display , her feet on the floor . 
 the only difference was that these shackles were n't preternaturally charged and except for their weight would n't hurt her . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he got up close . 
 `` i 've already told you . 
 i 'm helping you get a good picture of your new life so that you can adjust your attitude accordingly . 
 i want you submissive and meek , and it looks like you need a lesson or two to get you started . 
 `` but feel free to shout . 
 scream your head off . 
 this room is soundproof and if one of the servants happens by , well , let 's just say that everyone in this house is loyal to me and serves only me . 
 you ca n't turn a single person in the immediate twenty square miles against me . 
 you ca n't escape , you ca n't run , you ca n't hide . 
 i 'm here . 
 i 'm your master . 
 and you 'll do as i say . 
 do we have an understanding yet ? '' 
 `` i understand that you can go straight to hell . '' 
 he let out a roar of frustration , but her gaze never wavered from his . 
 shit , this was going to get ugly if he had the smallest hope of breaking her will . 
 `` let me go home . '' 
 `` not gon na happen . '' 
 angelica stared at reyes , her captor , a self-proclaimed slaver . 
 her mind was still working to make sense of all that had happened to her . 
 she knew she was still in shock , yet she had to pull herself together enough to withstand his attempts to break her . 
 she got that the man she 'd kissed not long ago , the man she 'd wanted so badly , was a monster , the worst kind , sadistic and brutal . 
 the room spoke of the kinds of things he intended to do to her . 
 in addition , the nature of the auction , as well as the horrible acts going on in that room , made her future clear . 
 yet she rejected all of it , with every ounce of her being . 
 her heart pounded in her chest . 
 `` i 'll never stop trying to escape this captivity . 
 you have to know that . 
 no matter what you do to me right now . '' 
 he moved in closer and pressed a hand to her throat . 
 `` do you know how easily i could kill you , snap your neck , or just choke you to death ? '' 
 he squeezed her windpipe , making it hard to breathe . 
 she felt his latent strength and trembled . 
 `` all i want you to do is submit to me . 
 that 's all . '' 
 though tears bit her eyes , she refused to bend . 
 if she had to die , then so be it . 
 she closed her eyes and waited , but after another few seconds the pressure eased up . 
 she blinked and stared into cold blue eyes . 
 `` how did you enjoy that , angelica ? 
 i can choke you repeatedly without taking your life . 
 how about i do that to you for months or years , only each time i 'll take you just a little closer to death . 
 how does that sound ? '' 
 `` go to hell . '' 
 her voice was hoarse as she spoke . 
 `` i despise you . '' 
 `` what you 're not getting is that i do n't care what you think of me . 
 all i need is for you to say ` yes , master , ' and mean it . '' 
 his hand slid down her throat to her br ** sts . 
 he caressed her , in much the same way that horrible woman had done earlier in the week . 
 `` does that feel good ? '' 
 he was even using the same line the woman had used . 
 `` i hate that you 're touching me . '' 
 `` you can learn to love my touch , or fear it , the choice is yours . '' 
 he pinched her nipple and the same kind of fire that had penetrated her breast at that woman 's hand touched her again , a threat that could get much worse . 
 but now she understood that this was some kind of vampire ability . 
 `` all i have to do is let my energy flow and you 'll be screaming . 
 is that what you want ? 
 pain so bad that you 'll pass out ? '' 
 he leaned close . 
 `` i do n't want to do this to you and you can make it stop . 
 just submit to me , because , trust me , i can keep this up for hours . '' 
 `` she did the same thing to me , only much worse , and i did n't relent then , '' angelica said . 
 `` why would i give in to you now ? '' 
 he released her breast , frowning . 
 `` what do you mean , she ? '' 
 angelica 's knees had started feeling rubbery , and she was grateful he 'd backed off . 
 he had n't hurt her the way the woman had , but he could have and might yet . 
 `` the woman at the prison , with this cloud of red curly hair . 
 she came to see me , said she was tempted to buy me herself . 
 i did n't get it , then , but i do now . 
 she 's a sadistic slaver , just like you . '' 
 he did n't say anything for a long moment . 
 finally , he said , `` describe the woman . 
 what did she look like , besides her red hair ? '' 
 `` why should i tell you ? '' 
 but the moment the words left her mouth , his hand was around her throat again , squeezing . 
 `` what did she look like ? '' 
 his eyes were wild . 
 `` goddammit , angelica , what the f ** k did she look like ? 
 you 've got to tell me . 
 this is important . '' 
 she blinked several times , stunned by the sudden intense look in his eye . 
 the woman meant something to him , something really bad . 
 `` her eyes were a dark blue . 
 she had a small mouth , pale skin . 
 she was beautiful and ugly at the same time . 
 she hurt me . '' 
 `` and she was at the prison , where you were held ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 she did n't know why , but reyes released her throat , then stepped away from her , sweeping a hand down his face . 
 he bent over as if in sudden pain . 
 after a moment , however , he rose up and straightened his shoulders , coming back to himself . 
 whatever memories this woman had evoked , he appeared to have shunted aside . 
 he met her gaze again , his eyes narrowed as though contemplating his next move . 
 `` if pain does n't affect you , maybe the opposite will . '' 
 when he moved toward her this time , she trembled all over again but for a different reason as his gaze roved her body . 
 he drew close , pushing her robe aside . 
 `` you have beautiful br ** sts . 
 that dress you wore at the ocean club still gets me going when i think about it . 
 but what would please you , i wonder ? '' 
 he leaned down and suckled her breast . 
 `` do n't do this , '' she whispered . 
 she 'd had fantasies about reyes before her abduction , all of which she 'd enjoyed . 
 but right now she was horrified that he would do this to her while she was chained to a wall . 
 for some reason it seemed worse to her than the feel of his hand at her throat , or the fire at her breast , that while holding her captive , he would pleasure her . 
 in a louder voice , she said , `` you sick bastard , stop it . 
 i hate what you 're doing . '' 
 he slowly dropped to his knees , looking up at her at the same time . 
 `` you do n't get a say in this , slave . 
 you 've felt the stick , now let me show you the real advantage of surrendering your will to mine . '' 
 his tongue swirled over her sensitive navel , then began a low , purposeful glide toward the flesh between her legs . 
 `` no , please do n't . '' 
 the shackles held her prisoner and there was nothing she could do to stop him as his hands glided up and down her legs . 
 but before his tongue found her most tender flesh , he rose up in front of her . 
 as much as she hated him , there was no denying how handsome the man was , his eyes like the clearest water as he held her gaze . 
 then his nostrils flared as his gaze roved her throat . 
 he slid a hand around the back of her neck , and to her horror she watched as his fangs emerged . 
 `` do n't bite me . 
 do n't you dare f ** king bite me . '' 
 `` you think you 've felt pleasure before ? 
 you have no idea what 's about to happen , and once i 've given you this ride you 'll be begging for more . '' 
 she had little strength left to fight him when he tilted her head to the side , then struck with his fangs . 
 she winced at the sudden sting , but a moment later , as he began to draw from her neck , a new layer of desire rushed through her , a kind of euphoria she 'd never known before . 
 she wanted to scream her frustration at feeling so many unwelcome sensations , but he was right : the pleasure she felt grew more intense with each draw from her neck . 
 it hit her like the strongest drug , and while part of her raged against it , she was powerless to stop the waves of bliss that overtook her . 
 he suckled greedily , groaning as he took her blood down his throat . 
 she felt each draw in a heavy pulse deep between her legs . 
 he slid an arm around her now , caressing her bottom once more , then anchored his h * ps against hers . 
 through his pants , she felt the thick rope of his erection and groaned once more . 
 he arched his hips , pressing into her flesh in just the right way so that she cried out . 
 maybe it was the complete despair of the moment , or the fact that she was fully aroused , but her body took over and she writhed against him , an orgasm building . 
 her whole body felt sensitized so that as his h * ps pressed into her repeatedly , pleasure ran up and down her arms and legs , her back , and over her br ** sts . 
 his h * ps moved faster , pummeling her now with swift strikes that brought her closer and closer to the edge . 
 even his suckling increased in speed . 
 the sound of the moans he made added another layer-so that suddenly she flew straight over the cliff , crying out once more as a lightning flow of ecstasy rushed through her , taking her high into the stratosphere . 
 pleasure peaked , fell back , then peaked again . 
 he kept working her body , kept drinking from her throat , and she cried out repeatedly , pleasure , just as he 'd promised , rolling through her again and again . 
 she finally came back to earth , her body growing quiet as he released her throat . 
 he planted his hands on the wall on either side of her head , staring into her eyes , his expression as serious as ever . 
 he was breathing hard , his brow pinched . 
 she knew without having to be told that though he 'd been aroused , he had n't come and the experience had no doubt left him in pain . 
 for that , she could n't feel bad . 
 he ought to suffer . 
 her legs did n't want to support her and her arms had started to hurt . 
 not that her captor cared . 
 her mind spun in circles . 
 she 'd gone from reyes frightening her to giving her the most incredible release she 'd ever known . 
 but her stomach boiled with anger and disgust . 
 just because he 'd brought her did n't mean she 'd thank him for it , or even value what had just happened . 
 on the contrary , something about having been worked up sexually against her will served to strengthen her determination . 
 `` you 'll never break me . 
 you can tear my flesh apart with one of those whips , you can give me a thousand orgasms , but i promise you , i will never submit to you willingly . '' 
 chapter four reyes stared into angelica 's hard brown eyes . 
 he 'd just introduced her to a new world of sensation that would have taken any other human female to her knees . 
 instead she glared at him . 
 he knew from his own experience that every man or woman could be broken , given enough time , and he knew that eventually he could make her submit . 
 however , given her spirit , the process would require days , maybe even weeks to accomplish , and he did n't have that kind of time . 
 he knew something else as well . 
 he could n't do it . 
 what he 'd done tonight had been something he 'd promised himself he 'd never do : force either a human or a vampire to do anything against his or her will . 
 yet that 's exactly what he 'd done . 
 worse still , when he 'd sent a light preternatural charge through her breast , giving a hint of the kind of pain he was capable of inflicting , she 'd told him something that had sent him reeling . 
 if he was right , the woman who had hurt her might very well have been sweet dove herself . 
 the physical description matched and the terrible truth was that he 'd learned from her how to focus his power into a debilitating stream in order to cause pain . 
 how many times had she hurt him in just that way , sometimes to create sexual pleasure , other times to torture him just for her gratification ? 
 guilt and shame washed through him , and slowly he set about unlocking angelica 's shackles . 
 when she was free , she rubbed her wrists , then tied up her robe . 
 she moved slowly to sit on the nearby padded table . 
 her shoulders were slumped with fatigue , but her eyes still sparked defiantly . 
 despite his guilt over trying to break her , he knew by the look in her eye that he 'd done the right thing in buying her . 
 if engles had won the bid , he would have battered her senseless by now , savoring how hard she fought him . 
 but she would have died within a few days because he would have beaten her , broken her bones , cut her to ribbons . 
 one of only two things was going to happen from this point forward . 
 he would tell her about his mission and either she would agree to help him or the game was over . 
 there was simply no way he could take angelica in her present state to engles 's mansion and have anyone believe that he 'd brought her under his command , that she was truly his slave . 
 but would she ever agree to help him after what he 'd just put her through ? 
 he removed a soft linen handkerchief from the pocket of his pants and wiped any remaining blood from his lips . 
 he 'd almost come at least three times while taking down her life force . 
 she 'd tasted as sweet as her blood had smelled and he was satisfied-another reality that filled him with guilt . 
 he paced slowly , trying to find the right way to tell her the truth and to ask for her help . 
 at this point , however , he 'd be stunned if she ever believed another word that came out of his mouth . 
 finally , he moved to stand in front of her , then swept an arm to encompass the room . 
 `` so none of this really frightens you ? '' 
 she glanced around . 
 `` actually , i 'm frightened out of my mind , i 'm just too worn out to show it . 
 any chance you can leave me in peace for a while ? 
 let me get some sleep ? '' 
 `` i wish i could , but there 's something i need to explain to you . 
 i 'm not a slaver and you 're not really my slave . '' 
 she held up both hands . 
 `` you 're driving me crazy . 
 what does that mean , i 'm not your slave ? 
 from the time you brought me here , you 've messed with my mind . 
 you hurt me badly , then did all that shit to me while i was chained against the wall , and now you 're telling me you 're not a slaver ? '' 
 `` i need you to listen to me . 
 for a long time now , i 've been working to infiltrate the starlin group , the same outfit that abducted you and forced you to walk down that runway . 
 this organization is one of the most powerful sex-slavery rings in our world . 
 `` when i told you to leave the ocean club that night , i was trying to warn you that you were being scoped by a starlin acquisition team , a group trained to hunt all over the world for beautiful but vulnerable women who could be removed from their lives without significant repercussions . '' 
 she blinked . 
 she looked exhausted , which of course she would be . 
 she 'd already been through hell before he 'd brought her into his home , then he 'd added to her misery . 
 her shoulders fell a little more . 
 `` but you told me you joined this group , that i was your first buy . '' 
 `` both of those things are true , but i did n't buy you to keep you as a slave . '' 
 `` then what did you buy me for ? '' 
 `` for one essential reason , to uphold my reputation as a slaver . '' 
 `` but you just said you 're not a slaver . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 she glanced at the chains on the wall , the whips , the knives . 
 `` so what is all this ? 
 are you saying you do n't use this room ? '' 
 `` never , not until tonight . '' 
 she shook her head in disbelief . 
 `` you 're lying . 
 you 're a f ** king , lying bastard and you 're messing with me again . 
 how can i believe you ? 
 you hurt me just now , or at least you showed me how much you could hurt me if i did n't do as you said . 
 then you used your fangs on me . 
 i 'm just surprised you did n't shove your c ** k between my legs and take the whole thing the rest of the way . '' 
 `` i wanted to . 
 believe me , i wanted nothing more . '' 
 she released a heavy sigh . 
 `` so you drew the line at raping me . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i did . '' 
 `` you 're disgusting . '' 
 he saw the level of her revulsion and knew he was n't explaining things well enough yet . 
 `` i bought you to support the role i 'm playing as a slaver . '' 
 `` what role ? '' 
 `` i have only one goal here , angelica , to bring starlin down . 
 and i still want to . 
 when i succeed in destroying this slavery ring , i 'll be saving tens of thousands of lives , maybe more . 
 these auctions will end forever . 
 that 's how i 've justified , until this moment , doing to you what i just did . 
 i do n't know how else to say this to you , except that i 'm deep undercover and i have a plan . 
 a damn good one . '' 
 `` and that 's what you meant when you said i f ** ked up your plans ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` that 's what i meant . 
 what i did in buying you has put me an inch away from blowing my cover . '' 
 `` and i 'm supposed to believe you ? '' 
 `` yes , because it 's the truth , the only one that matters right now . '' 
 `` and it 's starlin who abducted me and all those other women there tonight , parading our bodies and selling us at auction . '' 
 he nodded again . 
 he could see that she was turning all this new information over in her mind , so he waited . 
 finally , she met his gaze straight-on . 
 `` let 's say i choose to believe you for now . 
 so tell me about this starlin group . 
 i take it they 're a significant player . '' 
 `` one of the biggest . '' 
 he gave her numbers , something an accountant would appreciate : the starlin group moved twenty thousand human women through its organization every year . 
 between the prostitution houses they owned in a number of countries worldwide , as well as the auctions they sustained in the vampire world , they generated eighteen billion dollars a year . 
 then he added the worst stat of all : without exception the human slaves died , so the inventory had to be replaced at a quick , steady pace . 
 she stared at him , a deep frown drawing her brows together . 
 `` all of them ? '' 
 he nodded once , slowly . 
 `` how ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` in a slave situation , a certain percentage of humans , about fifteen percent , will not live beyond the two-week mark even if they 're treated well . 
 ultimately , it 's a matter of the will . '' 
 she pressed a fist into her cheek , her eyes pinched . 
 `` and after the two-week period ? '' 
 `` a second transition occurs at six months , but the survival rate drops to fifty percent . 
 beyond that , only a handful live past two years . '' 
 `` oh , dear god . 
 so my life expectancy , in the best of circumstances , would have only been two years . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` but i also want to stress that in the starlin group , the percentages are much worse . '' 
 `` because of the sadistic element . '' 
 `` yes . 
 the torture . 
 humans just do n't hold up well . '' 
 `` are there other auction houses in your world ? '' 
 `` a few , but not at this level . '' 
 `` and you intend to take this beast down . '' 
 again , he nodded . 
 `` are you working alone ? '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 `` but how can one man really bring down an entire organization ? '' 
 `` it will still take time , but the most critical element is that i need to find out who runs this show . 
 the head guy , the brains behind the operation , must be eliminated first . 
 after that , i 'll use my resources to take every single member of this club down , one by one , until nothing is left . 
 `` despite my efforts to find him , the man who 's behind starlin remains one of the biggest secrets in our world . 
 he goes by the code name scorpion , and to my knowledge only one man has access to him , a man called engles . '' 
 she frowned slightly , tilting her head . 
 `` do you know , i used to think you had to be involved in black ops missions of some kind . 
 you had that look . 
 i 'm beginning to think my first assessment of your character was right . 
 so are you some kind of military man in your world ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , not at all . '' 
 she looked him up and down . 
 `` you 're big enough . 
 you look like you could take anyone down , which means the real question on my mind right now is why you 're so intent on breaking up the sex-slavery operations in your world ? 
 why are you so determined to destroy starlin ? 
 why do you even care ? '' 
 she got right to the heart of the matter , he 'd give her that , but just how much he should tell her , he was n't sure . 
 on the other hand , he suspected that to hold back now , to not tell her the truth , would be the last straw for her . 
 and because he was so close to really getting inside starlin , he decided to risk it all . 
 he 'd tell her what he 'd never told another living soul , vampire or otherwise . 
 he drew a deep breath and held her gaze steadily . 
 `` i was a sex slave once , held by my captor for over a century . 
 i know what it is to endure abduction and sale on the block . 
 everything you would have suffered as a slave , had another man won the bid and brought you to a room like this , i experienced at the hands of my captor . 
 but worse . '' 
 she opened her mouth to speak , but he held up a hand . 
 `` i 'm not willing to talk about what happened to me , except that it was bad , as bad as it gets . 
 that i survived is nothing short of miraculous , but every day i promised myself that if i ever escaped , i 'd tear this depraved part of our world down , if i had to do it with my own bare hands . '' 
 angelica wondered if she 'd ever be able to blink again . 
 she still sat on the table , her hands clasped tightly together , staring at reyes , and trying with all her might to process so many revelations : his mission , his reason for buying her , and the fact that he 'd suffered as a sex slave himself . 
 she looked away from him , letting this new tsunami of information sweep over her . 
 that feeling of having been tackled hard and slammed to earth struck her again . 
 she met his gaze once more . 
 `` so if i 've truly understood you and if i can believe you , then you saved my life by buying me at auction . '' 
 `` more than you know . 
 damien engles , the man i referred to earlier , had made it clear to me before the auction began that he intended to purchase you and that i was not to interfere . 
 but i already knew his reputation . 
 human slaves do n't live longer than a week in his house . 
 he savors the killing element as part of sexual gratification . 
 the worst kind of monster . '' 
 `` and he was intent on having me . '' 
 `` absolutely . 
 he liked your fighting spirit , your defiance . '' 
 reyes turned suddenly , crossing to a nearby shelf and picking up what looked like a small leather bag . 
 when he returned to her , he pulled out a weird-looking glove , then slipped it on . 
 `` i want you to take a good look at this . '' 
 her gaze moved slowly down to his hand-and what she saw forced all the air from her lungs . 
 each fingertip held a sharp steel claw . 
 she tried to breathe , but could n't . 
 every part of her body felt frozen , immobile . 
 nothing she 'd been exposed to in this world had truly sunk in , not even his comments about sadism and torture , until she stared down at the leather device . 
 the middle finger had two claws , about a quarter inch apart . 
 `` and this group uses this thing ? '' 
 `` some do . 
 engles , most certainly . '' 
 she shook her head , staring at him . 
 he tucked the glove back into the bag and in a quick flick of his wrist tossed it back on the shelf . 
 she pulled the lapels of her robe tight together once more . 
 her voice came out on a whisper . 
 `` you did n't just save my life , you saved me from a kind of torture i ca n't even begin to imagine . 
 my god . '' 
 for a long moment , she covered her face with both hands . 
 she did n't think she 'd ever be able to get the image of that glove out of her mind . 
 but maybe that was a good thing , given her present circumstances . 
 she 'd thought reyes an absolute monster when he 'd put a hand to her throat , giving her a warning about what he could do to her if he wanted to . 
 but he had n't actually hurt her . 
 of course , he 'd definitely caused her pain on the runway , but now she understood why he 'd felt compelled to do so : to show he could command his newly bought slave . 
 he was playing his role , supporting his cover . 
 `` angelica , i need to be honest with you . 
 i had n't intended to buy you like i did , especially since my plans depended on engles having his way . 
 i acted on impulse when i started bidding for you , because i knew that not only would you be tortured , but you 'd be dead within a few days and i could n't have lived with myself . 
 but dammit , engles is the key to my mission . '' 
 he shook his head several times in a row . 
 `` now , however ... '' `` this could already be a shitfest for you . '' 
 `` to put it succinctly . 
 i bid against the most powerful man in the organization , short of scorpion himself . '' 
 she frowned as she met his gaze again . 
 `` you 're asking for my help , are n't you ? 
 that 's why you 've told me all this . '' 
 `` yes , but there 's something else you should know before you make a decision . 
 these people , angelica , they 're evil personified . 
 if they question who i am and what i 'm doing , i 'll be dead and you 'll be auctioned again . 
 so you 'll need to think about that . '' 
 he ran a hand through his hair and glanced at the place he 'd chained her up , shaking his head . 
 `` shit , i should have been up front with you from the beginning . 
 i should have asked you straight out for your help , the moment i brought you back to my home . 
 i should have laid it all out as soon as i removed the shackles in the guest room . '' 
 at that , she slid from the table and punched him in the shoulder , a thump that caused his brows to lift as he stared down at her . 
 `` yes , you should have , and why did n't you ? 
 did you think i would refuse , especially knowing that you saved me from a true sadist like engles ? 
 i would have forgiven what you did . 
 now i do n't know what to do . '' 
 `` i thought i had a better shot at pulling the whole thing off if i forced your submission . 
 if you 're not willing to cooperate , or you ca n't pull it off , though , all the work i 've done is for nothing . '' 
 `` ca n't you just go to the party without me ? '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` there 'd be no point . 
 i 'm on thin ice as it is . 
 if i did n't show up with you , the whole thing would be over . '' 
 `` so it 's all on me . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to think of it that way . 
 that 's unfair to you-you never asked for any of this . 
 if you ca n't continue , i 'll walk away . 
 i 'll figure out a new strategy and rebuild . 
 it 'll mean a shift in direction , no question . 
 but this current plan will be dead , that much is true , and right now i 'm okay with that . 
 no one deserves to be ripped from their lives and i promise you that if you decide to return immediately to your old life , i 'll see to it that you 're safe from starlin . '' 
 she nodded several times , processing , running the numbers , thinking through everything he 'd told her . 
 reyes needed her to play the role of a woman bought at auction to sustain his mission . 
 and if everything he 'd said was true , on some level she owed him . 
 but she 'd have to be subservient to him , willing to do anything in public to prove her submission . 
 `` how long have you been building this cover ? '' 
 `` decades . '' 
 `` seriously ? 
 it took you decades to be able to join this freak show ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` they 're extremely protective of their organization . 
 i 've done things i 'm not proud of to prove that i 've embraced the lifestyle . '' 
 `` jesus . '' 
 she rubbed her forehead with her fist . 
 `` and you 'd give this all up if i said the word , if i said i wanted nothing to do with it , if i could n't play this role , if i just wanted to go home and be done with it all ? '' 
 he nodded solemnly , and she believed him . 
 angelica searched his eyes , seeing once again the man she 'd been so attracted to back at the ocean club , for all those months . 
 she had n't been wrong about him after all , even if he was a different species and his cover meant that he did things she knew she would n't approve of . 
 but could she really do this ? 
 could she step into the role of sex slave and perform well enough to secure his reputation ? 
 could she keep her opinions to herself , her eyes lowered , her voice submissive as she spoke ? 
 or worse , if the situation called for it , could she engage in certain activities publicly in order to sustain his cover ? 
 or would she end up jeopardizing his mission by saying or doing the wrong thing at the wrong time ? 
 beyond what her role would entail , however , was the prospect of returning home . 
 he 'd just told her that she could go back to her life if that was what she wanted . 
 she was an accountant who worked long hours in her firm , but was n't that crazy about her occupation . 
 mostly she worked the kind of overtime she did to help support her mother , who 'd been ill for years . 
 her aunt was with her now , so angelica would n't truly be missed for another week or more , but all of those essentials reminded her why she 'd gone to the ocean club in the first place . 
 her life had become a rut . 
 if she went back now , nothing would be materially different . 
 of course , she had no idea if her job would be waiting for her when she returned , but she could always look for another accounting job . 
 it was more than that , though . 
 as she stared into reyes 's eyes , she understood his purpose , why he felt called to stop others from being abused as they had been . 
 `` how long do you think you 'd need me in this role ? '' 
 his eyes lit up . 
 `` just for tonight . 
 after that i could fake your death , which would go a long way with starlin . 
 i just need to parade you at the party for a few hours . 
 it wo n't be pleasant , however . 
 that much you really do need to understand . '' 
 `` but it would only be for tonight . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 she thought about the other women who 'd been auctioned off tonight , and somehow she came to her decision . 
 the least she could do was give reyes 's plan a chance . 
 `` okay , then . 
 i could do this for one night . 
 i know i could , and i think i owe you that . 
 it 's clear to me that you saved my life and that if you had n't bid against engles , well , i do n't want to think about what i 'd be going through right now . '' 
 she glanced briefly at the leather pouch on the shelf and repressed a shudder . 
 `` angelica , i do n't know what to say , except that i 'm grateful and i 'm equally sorry that i put you through all that earlier . '' 
 `` you were doing what you felt needed to be done . '' 
 she clapped her hands together . 
 `` okay , so , what happens next ? 
 although to be honest i would n't turn down a meal . 
 i 'm starved . '' 
 this was the first time in the past week she 'd actually had an appetite . 
 `` i 'll have my housekeeper send up some homemade soup . 
 how does that sound ? '' 
 `` perfect . '' 
 he moved past her , heading in the direction of the door . 
 `` your measurements were taken while you were imprisoned . 
 starlin always provides an initial wardrobe for the auctioned women , including makeup and all kinds of lotions and hair care products . 
 by now my servants will have unpacked everything for you . '' 
 he led her to his bathroom , which proved large enough to roller-skate in . 
 white marble covered the floors , walls , ceiling , and a long vanity area . 
 two sinks had gold fixtures . 
 given all that she saw , she had no reason to doubt the gold was real . 
 she followed him as he moved into what proved to be a large closet with a dressing area and a full-length mirror . 
 most of the space was empty except for a row of barely-there garments that made use of leather and sequins , feathers and chains , and a variety of sheer fabrics . 
 reyes went through them , sliding the hangers along the rod in quick swipes , his expression as grim as ever . 
 he chose the red costume that seemed to have the most fabric , and that was n't saying much . 
 from a row of shoes , he picked up a pair of matching red sequined pumps with five-inch stilettos . 
 `` these will have to do . 
 i 'll apologize now , but the truth is i 'm going to hate everyone staring at you . '' 
 she glanced at him and realized there was a hint of jealousy in his tone , but she did n't say anything . 
 as at the auction , once again , most of her body would be on display no matter which outfit he chose . 
 he took the costume and hung it back up , putting the shoes back on the rack . 
 `` while mathilde prepares a tray for you , why do n't you have a bath ? '' 
 she glanced at the soaking tub and nodded . 
 `` i 'd really like that . '' 
 `` i 'll leave you alone , then . '' 
 he left the room and she immediately turned on the waterfall-filling feature and poured in some bubble bath . 
 as the tub filled she hunted through the drawers and found that he 'd described things exactly right : she had more cosmetics , lotions , powders , oils , and hairstyling implements than she could use in a decade . 
 after finding a brush she took her time getting rid of the tangles , then pinned her hair up off her neck . 
 the bubbles were a beautiful mound when she returned to the tub . 
 she let her robe fall to the floor and climbed in . 
 for the first time in a week , her body relaxed . 
 she sank to her neck , closed her eyes , and let out a deep , shuddering breath . 
 for the moment , she was safe , and if all went well she 'd be home by morning . 
 after she 'd soaked for a few minutes , reyes knocked and asked if he could come in : her meal was ready . 
 relief once more rolled through her . 
 she was no longer a slave , but had the simple right of granting or refusing permission for anyone to enter a bathroom . 
 with bubbles covering her head-to-foot , she thought it could do no harm . 
 `` come in . '' 
 his brows rose as he saw her . 
 `` better ? '' 
 `` a little . 
 yes . 
 thank you . '' 
 she felt nervous suddenly . 
 he 'd already seen her completely naked , yet somehow this felt more intimate . 
 he held the tray cradled in one arm , and opened the door the rest of the way with his free hand . 
 she watched him set the tray on a chair , then adjust a nearby rolling table to bathtub height . 
 when he had the height to his satisfaction , and poised over her chest , he placed the tray on top . 
 the soup smelled heavenly , and her stomach growled . 
 he 'd provided a small glass of red wine as well . 
 he said nothing as he left the room . 
 she scooted up to a better sitting position and pulled the table closer . 
 the soup proved to be a flavorful lentil , and each spoonful tasted like heaven . 
 for the first time in a week , she ate without the fear of having one of her captors show up and start demanding things . 
 and by all appearances , reyes intended to honor her basic boundaries . 
 without warning , her mind slipped back to the moment when reyes was drinking from her throat , the absolute bliss of it and the attending sexual need . 
 now that she understood him and his purpose , a powerful wave of desire swept through her once more , despite all that she 'd been through . 
 after months of fantasizing about the man , how strange to think that he was n't a man at all-or at least not a human male . 
 he was a vampire , from a secret world that most of the human population knew nothing about . 
 with her meal consumed , and her skin starting to wrinkle , she finally left the tub and started getting ready for the after-auction party . 
 she went into the closet and found a clean robe to replace the one she 'd worn earlier , this one a beautiful jade silk . 
 she returned to the vanity area and the overstocked makeup drawer . 
 she sat on the cushy stool and debated how to do her makeup . 
 in the end , for her own sanity , she chose to keep it simple . 
 despite the revealing nature of the costume , being able to select it herself gave her a sense of control . 
 maybe she would have to parade around in a sequined outfit that barely covered her ni ** les and did n't cover her ass at all , but she would n't do up her eyes like they had for the auction , with false eyelashes that looked like a pair of small black fans . 
 having wept off most of her makeup earlier , she added back a little gray eye shadow , a thin line of eyeliner , some mascara , and just a hint of blush . 
 as for her hair , she took some time with a curling iron , then arranged it all in soft layers the way she usually wore it . 
 she finally worked herself into the minuscule , snug red costume , then stepped into the sequined stilettos and headed to the sitting room . 
 time to start playing her new role . 
 reyes sat in a brown leather chair , opposite the bedroom . 
 he sipped a different scotch this time , a bowmore ' 64 . 
 he 'd acquired the taste for fine whiskey during his captivity , sweet dove having been as generous as she was sadistic , a real f ** king paradox . 
 he swirled the amber liquid , sipped , savored . 
 he still felt guilty that he had n't done a better job at warning angelica away from the ocean club sooner , but he could n't change the past . 
 he also knew he 'd made the right decision by telling her about his mission . 
 he 'd get her home as soon as he could , but she 'd only truly be safe if he took the starlin group down . 
 he heard the door to the bathroom open and the sound of her heels on the hardwood floors . 
 he leaned back in his chair . 
 he really did n't want to see angelica in a fantasy outfit . 
 he already lusted after her , so having her soft curves on display without much covering her up was going to make the situation something of a trial for him . 
 she appeared and time slowed to standstill as his gaze drifted over her body . 
 the barely-there costume made use of a handkerchief 's worth of sheer red fabric , along with a few sequin-embellished triangles that covered her ni ** les , her peach , and little else . 
 a few narrow straps held everything together . 
 she put her hands at the hem of the material that dipped just below her navel . 
 she flipped it up and down a couple of times . 
 `` feels a little breezy , otherwise it fits quite well . '' 
 at that he smiled . 
 this was the woman he knew , the one who had kissed him at the ocean club , who 'd made him think that maybe his life could be more than he imagined . 
 her legs went on about a mile , slender and shapely . 
 red-painted toenails peeked through the cutouts in the front of her sequined shoes . 
 he set his tumbler on the table at his elbow and stood up . 
 he was n't going to even bother concealing his arousal , though the coat helped . 
 even so her gaze took him in , and her brows rose . 
 `` so does this mean you do n't find anything wrong with this getup at all ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` only that we have to leave this room . 
 as i said before , i really hate the idea of other men seeing you like this . '' 
 `` vampires , you mean . '' 
 `` we 're all males . 
 human or vampire , we think with our dicks . '' 
 she chuckled but after a moment , she frowned slightly . 
 `` will everything else do ? 
 i saw about ten sets of false eyelashes but i could n't bring myself to use them . '' 
 he loved her appearance right now with just a little makeup , the same way she 'd looked at the club , fresh , earthy , very feminine . 
 `` you look fine . 
 in fact , i think you look wonderful . '' 
 a short leash , also covered in red sequins , dangled from her hand . 
 she held it up . 
 `` i suppose i have to wear this . '' 
 he crossed to her and took the leash . 
 `` it 's probably the most important thing you will wear tonight . 
 in its way , it 'll protect you , because it will keep us connected . '' 
 he unbuckled the collar , from which several thin loops of silver chains hung . 
 pushing her hair over her shoulder , he reached up behind her neck and secured it without making it too tight . 
 when he was done , she planted her hands on his arms , which surprised him . 
 `` reyes , i 'd like to thank you . '' 
 `` what for ? '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` i 've had time to think , to process , and i realize now what you 've done , that you really did risk so much to save my life . 
 i also think it 's incredibly selfless of you to be working on behalf of all these enslaved men and women . '' 
 he cleared his throat and pulled away . 
 `` i think it 's generous of you to say that , but you may be cursing me by the end of this evening . 
 you 're going to see some shit tonight , and it ca n't be helped . 
 you might even be required to perform , if you get my drift . 
 are you sure you 're up for that ? '' 
 `` i 've already told you i am . 
 i 'll do whatever 's needed . '' 
 `` okay , then . '' 
 she surprised him all over again . 
 his threats and sexual violation had accomplished nothing , but asking for her help had brought him more success than he would have believed possible . 
 he clamped the other end of the leash around his right wrist . 
 `` before we go , is there anything you 'd like to know ? '' 
 `` actually , there is , and i think it has something to do with your world . 
 while i was at the parking lot of the ocean club , i got the feeling that no one actually saw my abduction even though there were plenty of people coming and going . 
 how was that possible ? '' 
 `` many of us have an ability to create what we call a disguise . 
 i 'm sure the men who abducted you did exactly that . 
 nothing that happened to you would have been visible to anyone but them . 
 and if they had sufficient power , which they probably did , it would 've been invisible even to other vampires . '' 
 she nodded slowly . 
 `` well , that would explain it . 
 i had a bad feeling about those men , but i was sure i was safe . 
 the next minute they grabbed me , put a cloth over my mouth that smelled medicinal , and now i 'm here . '' 
 `` angelica , there was nothing you could have done . 
 my only regret is that if i 'd understood you were marked to be taken that night , i would have walked you to your car myself . 
 as it was , i took off shortly after i thought you 'd left , after i believed you were safe . 
 and frankly , i blame myself or maybe that red dress you were wearing . 
 you looked amazing . '' 
 her lips parted as she met his gaze . 
 for a moment he felt the way he had back in the foyer of the club : he wished he could take her home . 
 and now , ironically , she was in his home . 
 he looked away because as always , he was drawn to her , but not a damn thing could come of getting close to the woman right now . 
 she was human , not fit for his world , and in the morning he 'd take her home . 
 `` one last thing . 
 there 's something i want to try with you before we go . 
 it could make it easier on both of us during the party . 
 you 're a strong woman , which tells me there 's a chance we could do this . '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` telepathy . '' 
 her eyes went wide . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 with a smile , he sent the words straight into her mind . 
 why not ? 
 she blinked , gasping slightly . 
 `` did you just say , ` why not ? ' '' 
 she put a hand to her forehead . 
 `` oh , my god , i heard you . '' 
 he nodded and his lips curved . 
 damn , the woman had chops , more than she knew . 
 now you give it a try . 
 how ? 
 he chuckled . 
 just like that . 
 you 're a natural . 
 then , right now , i 'm speaking to you , inside your head ? 
 yes , you are . 
 now tell me something about yourself , something i may not know . 
 i like to drink tequila when i 'm alone in my apartment . 
 aloud , he asked , `` why the hell do you like drinking tequila alone ? '' 
 `` because i do . '' 
 she glanced past him . 
 and i 'll bet you drink whiskey while you 're alone . 
 yeah , i do . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` wow . 
 this really is a different world . '' 
 `` but this is good news . 
 we 'll be able to communicate with each other throughout the evening . 
 i can warn you when i have to put on a show and command you to do something . 
 and you can let me know if any of the other guests try to manhandle you while i 'm not looking . '' 
 `` well , that does sound like an advantage . '' 
 then suddenly she was in his head . 
 so i 'll be able to communicate with you at any time . 
 that 's exactly right . 
 this is amazing . 
 will anyone else be able to listen in ? 
 not even a little , so do n't worry . 
 he drew close and held out his arm . 
 `` as for how we 're getting there , i 'll be using altered flight . 
 now put your arm around my neck and step onto my foot . '' 
 `` oh , reyes , no , i 'll puke all over everything . '' 
 he chuckled and for just a moment he almost felt like a regular guy taking a woman on a date ... except of course that she was dressed like a stripper . 
 `` i promise that it 'll be very different this time . 
 i 'll go really slow , unlike when i took you out of the auction house . 
 you might feel a little dizzy when we arrive , but that should be all . '' 
 she drew in a deep breath and settled herself on his shoe with great care , apparently making sure she did n't puncture his expensive leather footwear with her stilettos . 
 holding her tight against his side , he told her to close her eyes . 
 `` let me know when you 're ready . 
 again , i 'll take it slow . '' 
 he felt her take a deep breath `` i 'm ready . '' 
 from his peripheral vision he could see that her eyes were closed . 
 he opened his power and entered altered flight , heading straight through both the bedroom and the cave walls . 
 just as he 'd promised , he flew at a crawl , the picture of engles 's mansion burned in his mind , a true homing beacon , typical of his world . 
 he slowed on approach , and felt the resonance of others arriving at the same time . 
 he gauged where he needed to be without colliding with anyone or anything else and landed near a large fountain that rose thirty feet in the air . 
 engles liked to display his wealth . 
 angelica blinked and released him . 
 `` you 're right , just a little dizzy . '' 
 she glanced up at the well-lit structure that had water cascading from a central bowl . 
 `` wow , '' she murmured . 
 her gaze skated around the massive , vaulted cavern and her eyes widened further . 
 `` i hate to admit it , but this is beautiful . 
 the sculpted rock walls are exquisite . 
 i take it that stonework is a highly prized art form in your culture . '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 `` and i did n't expect to see so many women in gowns , though i can see that there are an equal number of slaves present . '' 
 he felt her shudder . 
 `` so many of them are bruised . '' 
 `` that 's usually how you can tell if the slave is human . 
 vampires self-heal . '' 
 she turned to look at him , but surprised him by shifting to telepathy . 
 reyes , should i have a few bruises ? 
 would that have made you look better-you know , to keep up appearances ? 
 he was incredulous as he stared at her . 
 sorry , but i draw the line at beating the shit out of you . 
 she smiled faintly . 
 just as well . 
 i probably would n't have gone for it anyway . 
 his lips curved . 
 no , i do n't think you would have . 
 but there 's something else you should know . 
 he glanced around . 
 you 're the star of this party . 
 great . 
 every girl 's dream , to be the main attraction at a sex-slave blowout . 
 no pun intended . 
 chapter five angelica took a moment to calm down . 
 she was nervous as hell and trying hard not to show it . 
 sticking with telepathy , she asked , so how do we do this ? 
 do you want me next to you ? 
 although i 'm not seeing any of the other slaves doing that . 
 walk just a little behind me and keep your head slightly lowered . 
 he took a couple of steps forward and glanced back at her . 
 good . 
 you look submissive . 
 just remember that i wo n't be able to see what 's going on behind me , so if anyone touches you , tell me telepathically . 
 and for god 's sake , do n't address anyone directly . 
 let me do that . 
 i 'll protect you tonight . 
 got it . 
 `` oh , shit . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she looked around . 
 `` engles is at the head of the stairs , waiting for us . 
 it 's time . '' 
 so that 's the monster ? 
 i remember him from the auction . 
 his face had a ruddy color at the time . 
 i guess he was pretty worked up . 
 and furious . 
 she let him get half a foot ahead before she fell into step at an angle behind him . 
 he tugged on the leash and she tugged back . 
 with her head down , she continued to glance at what had to be a huge mansion tucked into some corner of the cavern system . 
 the area where they 'd landed sported a waterfall , a small lake lit by torchlight , and dozens of potted trees and shrubs , creating a sort of outdoor garden . 
 the trees twinkled with small blue and white lights . 
 all this led up , through a series of wide stone steps , to the house itself . 
 the front facade appeared to be fifty yards across and at least four stories high . 
 mansion , indeed . 
 she was struck again by how beautifully gowned the women were . 
 most of them wore not just necklaces , but intricate chains . 
 a lot of chains around here . 
 yes , some of them are blood-chains . 
 okay , that 's new . 
 what 's a blood-chain ? 
 the single blood-chain creates a tight bond-the couple ca n't be more than a few yards away at any given time . 
 i 've never done it myself , but if i was a controlling sadist as some of these men are , i 'd chain you . 
 if we were chained , i would n't be able to run away , would i ? 
 not even a little . 
 she noticed one woman who wore a gold double-chain , linked together with loops . 
 a large diamond pendant pulled the chain toward her cle ** age . 
 you said single-chain . 
 are there double-chains as well ? 
 yes . 
 these are deep bonding chains , usually indicating a married status . 
 ah , married slavers . 
 how charming . 
 there are a lot of women equally into the lifestyle . 
 you 'd be surprised . 
 after that redheaded she-devil who hurt me , i guess i 'm not . 
 he did n't respond , but at the mention of the woman , she felt he 'd tensed up again . 
 reyes 's owner had been a woman . 
 the subject no doubt hit some buttons . 
 as she drew closer to the entrance , she saw that massive white marble pillars supported the front structure , leaving it completely open to the air . 
 she began to understand something important : she had n't fallen just into a world of vampires and sex slavery , but into an entire civilization as well . 
 a profoundly skilled architect , accompanied by master builders , had created this extraordinary house . 
 and this is engles 's home ? 
 yes , it is . 
 i 'm guessing starlin earnings built this house . 
 you guessed right . 
 and he 's really not the one running things ? 
 he 's a front man . 
 do n't ask me how i know , but i know . 
 call it an instinct . 
 he 's smart enough and manages things quite well , but he 's not an empire builder . 
 he 's too much of showman . 
 building and sustaining an empire requires finesse and , to a degree , secrecy . 
 angelica thought it a great irony that so much beauty had been built on the deaths of tens of thousands of slaves . 
 he has excellent taste , i 'll give him that . 
 but i would n't mind seeing him tortured for a decade , then his head chopped off , for all that he 's done . 
 have you been reading my mind ? 
 she heard a faint whimpering sound and glanced to her right . 
 she recognized one of the women from the auction , a tall blond russian . 
 she had bruises on her arms and legs . 
 she 'd been worked over but good , and her new owner had his fangs buried deep in her throat sucking hard-too hard by the looks of it . 
 the slave stared up at the cavern ceiling , tears streaming down her cheeks . 
 as angelica walked up the steps , however , she noticed that when some of the guests , especially the men , looked at her , they frowned , then glanced at reyes . 
 i think we should have figured out a way to give me those bruises . 
 you 're losing your street cred because i 'm still intact . 
 he glanced at a group of men and nodded to them . 
 i do n't give a f ** k what any of them think . 
 i only have to impress engles-and mend fences with him , if i can . 
 the rest can go to hell . 
 his words reminded her again just how different reyes was from the rest of these cretins . 
 she had to work at holding her head down and sustaining her long-suffering expression , because right now she felt nothing but admiration for him . 
 do i look submissive enough ? 
 he glanced back at her once more . 
 you 're doing great . 
 and so are you , master . 
 reyes liked angelica in his head and he was proud of her for bearing up well , but he 'd expected nothing less . 
 he knew her history , because he 'd had her investigated , that she was the sole support of her infirm mother and had sacrificed a lot to take care of her . 
 she had n't had an easy life . 
 she was a woman of great strength , another reason why he hated that she 'd gotten caught in the starlin trap . 
 and one more reason why he needed to bring this organization down . 
 as he led her up the broad stone steps to the entrance , engles stepped out onto the expansive porch . 
 he had his usual dubonnet in hand , a leer in his eye , and a smile reyes wanted to wipe from the bastard 's mouth . 
 `` you have n't chained her yet ? '' 
 engles narrowed his eyes as he took another sip . 
 his gaze drifted the full length of angelica . 
 `` she 's not even bruised . '' 
 reyes took a step closer to her . 
 `` unlike you , i intend to take my time . '' 
 engles shifted his gaze to stare hard at reyes . 
 `` i 've always had my doubts about you , pretty boy . 
 and i think you may have just proved my opinion again tonight . 
 and by the way , anyone 's membership can be revoked at my sole discretion . '' 
 reyes had known men like engles his entire life . 
 they taunted and bullied at every opportunity , no matter the situation or the person . 
 but he knew something else as well : if he showed the smallest sign of fear , engles would go after him . 
 nor could he appease him . 
 engles would see that as a sign of weakness . 
 a real rock and a hard place , so he opted for a different tack . 
 he held engles 's gaze for a long moment , then wheeled on angelica , hoping like hell she would follow his lead without flinching . 
 he caught the back of her neck with his hand and telepathed , drop like i 'm hurting you . 
 whimper , groan , cry , anything you can do . 
 aloud , he said , `` on your knees , slave . '' 
 she immediately obeyed and gave a decent performance , crying out as she crumpled at his feet . 
 while keeping one hand on angelica 's head , he met engles 's surprised stare . 
 `` the thing is , i 've already laid out a plan for this slave . 
 and if i do n't hold back , she 'll be dead before i 've even started . 
 i may not have the same punching style as the rest of your bidders , but i like my meat seasoned over a period of time , then chewed slowly in my mouth for about as long . 
 i take no pleasure from a quick slice-and-drain . 
 i want the woman 's pain to serve me for months . '' 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` more important , i want to get her to a second auction at the six-month mark . 
 i intend to set a new record and recoup my investment . '' 
 engles 's eyes widened as his gaze fell to angelica . 
 he actually seemed impressed as he licked his lips . 
 if reyes had been at all serious , engles would no doubt have been the first in line to bid for angelica at her six-month transition . 
 engles tugged at his chin . 
 `` all right , then . 
 i look forward to what the future holds . '' 
 `` as do i. '' he pulled on the leash and angelica slowly rose to her feet , wiping away tears . 
 he gave her a shove , setting her in motion as together they moved into the foyer . 
 you okay ? 
 oh , god , had he hurt her ? 
 how 'd i do ? 
 so you are okay . 
 he swore he heard her snort inside his head . 
 did the bastard buy it ? 
 yeah , he bought it . 
 he glanced at her , meeting her gaze for a fleeting moment . 
 you 're doing great . 
 an odd blush covered her cheeks . 
 he wished like hell circumstances had been different , because he really liked this woman . 
 but this thought stopped him up short . 
 what circumstances ? 
 angelica was human , and-except for the extremely rare mating between the species , involving love , marriage , and offspring-vampires did n't date humans . 
 beyond that , his background made him about the worst sort of man she should ever get tangled up with . 
 moving angelica into the house proper , he heard her swift intake of breath and watched her eyes skate to the tall ceiling . 
 massive crystal chandeliers illuminated the space , more for effect than necessity . 
 vampires could easily see in the dark . 
 too bad this was all built on slave blood because it 's a beautiful home . 
 yes it is and you 're right , angelica . 
 this dwelling is a travesty . 
 as he led her to the top of a large descending staircase , applause began to build through the gathered partygoers below . 
 is this because of the auction ? 
 of course . 
 again , you 're the star . 
 i think i 'm going to be sick . 
 just keep your eyes lowered and stay one step behind me . 
 no problem . 
 reyes knew how to square his shoulders and give a show . 
 his captor , sweet dove , had trained him well in a number of different ways , and one of them was the importance of holding an attitude . 
 most of the women watched him , lusting , as did some of the men . 
 all around the audience , the slaves were apparent in their usual revealing garb , like angelica 's , sporting sheer fabrics , chains , and leather . 
 lots of sequins . 
 a few feathers . 
 the female slaves , most with na ** d br ** sts , often had rows of dots tattooed around their ni ** les that in turn were stained varying shades of burgundy . 
 many of the male slaves were also na ** d and kept in a state of arousal , usually through a variety of drugs . 
 the room was jammed , some attendees standing around and drinking , others seated in several love seats . 
 many of the new slaves sat beside their owners , cut up and beaten , eyes glazed . 
 reyes repressed the deep disgust that threatened to rise like bile up his throat . 
 there would be time later to punish each and every slaver . 
 for now , he needed to stay focused on doing all that he could to discover the man in charge and take him down . 
 scorpion had kept his identity secret from the time starlin came into existence . 
 once reyes found out who the man was , he could begin the process of working his way into his inner circle . 
 beyond scorpion 's identity , he needed the documents that detailed every aspect of how the organization worked . 
 after that , he 'd know exactly how to destroy starlin from within , step by step . 
 as he moved through the room , attention became increasingly focused on angelica . 
 when he 'd told her earlier that he hated the idea of other men looking at her , he meant it . 
 some caveman part of him had already laid claim to her , so to have other men openly lusting after her scraped at his nerves . 
 angelica 's voice pierced his thoughts . 
 calm down . 
 i can feel your agitation like it 's rubbing against my skin . 
 it shows ? 
 well , that fist you 're making is at least one clue . 
 he relaxed his hand and stretched out his fingers . 
 that 's better . 
 for the next hour , he greeted most of the members by name , essentially working the room . 
 what was n't lost to him was the goodwill that flowed in his direction . 
 he realized that a lot of slavers here liked what he 'd done by winning the bid , beating out engles . 
 by the time he 'd made a circuit of the large , ballroom-like space , engles waited once more back at the top of the stairs . 
 he gestured for reyes to join him . 
 engles wants us . 
 got it . 
 once reyes was standing beside engles-with angelica on his other side , though as always slightly behind him-engles caught reyes 's hand . 
 lifting it high , engles called out , `` our winning bidder for our most sought-after slave . '' 
 heavy applause and a few whistles and shouts sounded through the room . 
 when the audience settled down , engles turned to him . 
 `` and now , my friends , i have a surprise for my guest of honor . '' 
 he pivoted toward reyes . 
 `` a theatrical performance from the owner of the ruby cave . 
 the famous eve said she knows you well and agreed to bring one of her troupes here , to perform for you tonight . 
 now follow me . '' 
 turning to his right , engles led the way down the sloping path of the theater , settling them in a front-row love seat . 
 the stage was situated just a few yards away , raised up only a foot , so that all the action would be at eye level . 
 more than one of the couples in the audience had already gotten busy , slaves on their knees . 
 you need to prepare yourself . 
 this whole thing might erupt into an orgy . 
 he heard her sigh . 
 great . 
 will i be expected to join in ? 
 it 's standard courtesy that slaves be shared with other members of the club . 
 but i wo n't let that happen tonight . 
 wo n't they suspect you if you do n't participate ? 
 we 'll cross that bridge when we come to it . 
 he did n't glance around but he knew damn well everyone in the theater would be watching him , and his slave , throughout the performance . 
 the lights dimmed , and at the same time the stage spots lit up the area to the left . 
 eve appeared , wearing red leather from head to toe . 
 she was a tall woman with long blond hair that ranged past her knees . 
 tonight she wore it pulled on top of her head to cascade behind in a ponytail . 
 but even that rope of hair landed mid-buttocks . 
 eve owned the ruby cave and had been one of the leading performers of the erotic passage for a long time . 
 she had a melodious , carrying voice . 
 `` hello , my lovelies , and welcome to a performance by the ruby theater players . 
 knowing that my good friend reyes would be here , i designed a show just for him and for his lovely date . '' 
 eve was a major star in the erotic passage , otherwise known as the passage . 
 she was heavily into bdsm , but played the game by her own rules . 
 he knew her well : she did n't approve of slavery , but she had a no-judgment rule about everyone . 
 of course , it had n't failed to reach his notice that she often bought slaves , putting them to work in her club for a period of time , then eventually setting them free . 
 by his count , she 'd saved thousands . 
 he trusted her-so much so that she was one of only two people who knew of his mission . 
 the other was the owner of the passage , a short italian vampire named rumy . 
 both could keep a secret , and each had promised to help if he ever found a way to bring starlin down . 
 on a more personal level , eve had been trying to get him on her table , chained down , for a long time . 
 she 'd told him repeatedly that after everything he 'd been through , a good dominance session would work wonders for him , give him the kind of release he 'd been needing for a few decades now . 
 he 'd never do it , of course . 
 he 'd made himself a promise that never again would a woman chain him down . 
 angelica crossed her legs , grateful that at least for now , her body for the most part was n't on display . 
 she relaxed against the soft cushion of what looked and felt like a regular old love seat . 
 to her right another slave from the auction house was already bending her head down into the lap of her lord-and-master , and the show had n't even gotten started . 
 she drew her hair close to her face to block as much of that image as she could . 
 she was also grateful that reyes had pulled her close so that she was pressed up against him . 
 the cave was n't freezing , but without even a decent shirt or pants on , she was cold . 
 the woman , eve , had an exotic appearance . 
 she wore stiletto boots that rose past her knees , snug red leather pants , and a tight red leather bustier that supported large br ** sts . 
 she carried a long black whip . 
 swinging it once over her head , she cracked it at the end of the stage . 
 angelica jumped . 
 at the same time , a sound track started up that had a deep thumping rhythmic bass , a strong guitar , and a beat that spoke of sex and not much else . 
 angelica put a hand to her stomach . 
 she did n't want to be affected by what she was about to see , but reyes 's warm body , her never-ending desire for him , and the sexual nature of the music rippled through her . 
 she felt things she did n't want to feel , more so because she knew reyes had tensed up the moment eve had said this performance was meant for him . 
 even his thighs flexed and released . 
 at first , she thought it was a sexual reaction ; then she realized it had to be something else because sex was not the sensation she got from him right now . 
 if she had to define it , she 'd call it fear . 
 but what did reyes have to be afraid of in a theater like this ? 
 from the back of the stage , two men in loincloths rolled a massive wall to angle toward the audience , locking it in place on the floor . 
 chains with manacles , meant for wrists and ankles , hung from the wall , similar to the ones reyes had put her in earlier . 
 another woman , also carrying a whip , entered the stage completely nude . 
 the two loincloth men returned , dragging a third man in a black tux . 
 the spotlight focused on him as the first two chained him up . 
 the completely nude woman , a very athletic vampire , used her whip . 
 the first crack caught the man 's coat in a deep tear . 
 he winced , and the audience knew the whip had stung . 
 soft groans moved around the theater , but reyes 's tension level ramped up . 
 the female repeated the process in quick succession , her arm and eye trained to strip the man of his clothes while leaving very few significant cuts behind . 
 the male servants tore the strips between strikes so that more and more of his well-muscled body appeared . 
 the music continued to beat the erotic rhythm and the whip kept time so that even angelica could see the exquisitely orchestrated artistry of the performance . 
 but what surprised her the most was that once the servants pulled the torn pants away , the man was fully erect behind a pair of snug briefs . 
 he clearly enjoyed the experience , the fear , the pain . 
 she was pretty sure the entire audience held its breath as the female , on the beat , and in two quick successions , cut to either side of the man 's groin and sent his briefs falling to the floor . 
 the two men gathered up his torn-up clothes and left the stage . 
 angelica covered her mouth with her hand . 
 despite the fact that the man was clearly enjoying the performance , she could n't get past the public nature of the spectacle . 
 the woman moved forward and , no surprise , began fondling his arousal . 
 the whip , the chains , the seductive female , drew reyes into the past , his years as a slave . 
 he 'd belonged exclusively to sweet dove to use as she saw fit , to share him when it pleased her . 
 she had places of punishment and of pleasure , so that over time his body became confused . 
 what hurt him often dealt out reams of exquisite sensation , and what should have been pleasurable caused him a terrible agony of his mind and his vampire soul . 
 sitting in front of a show , beside a woman he 'd desired intensely for months now , had his body in an uproar . 
 the whole time , guilt and shame tightened his chest . 
 the sight of the woman now caressing the slave 's thighs and groin , her lips surrounding his erection , sent shock waves through his body . 
 he wanted to look away but could n't . 
 eve walked around the performers , cracking her whip to the beat of the music . 
 the tempo increased , and the woman rose from her knees . 
 on cue the two servants returned and lifted her , poising her split legs over his cock . 
 the man struggled in the chains , thrashing his head back and forth , feigning his unwillingness . 
 she mounted him and the man grew still , his eyes rolling in his head . 
 how many times had reyes known this moment with sweet dove , trying to restrain his desire only to have all the physical sensations , both brutal and sensual , coalesce in an erotic wave of pleasure . 
 she wrapped her legs around his waist . 
 once she was secured with her hands on his shoulders , the servants drifted back into the shadows . 
 she rode the slave hard , using her vampire strength to work his body . 
 she shoved his head to the side and he in turn shouted his pleasure as the woman bit into his vein and started to drink . 
 no playacting , either . 
 this was the real deal . 
 but at the moment that the play should have cl ** axed , the wall began to tremble and the slave 's arms flexed . 
 the woman cried out , a long lingering groan that turned to a scream as the slave broke free of his chains . 
 the audience gasped , crying out in shared ecstasy as well . 
 the slave , now free of his manacles , whirled the woman in his arms and with his h * ps pistoning hard drove relentlessly into his owner . 
 this time , he bit into her neck , returning the favor , grunting as he pushed inside her in heavy , powerful thrusts . 
 the woman 's face looked pained at first ; then her arms wrapped around him and she began to moan , then utter cries of ecstasy . 
 finally , the man lifted off her neck and pounded into her so that her whimpers turned to screams as she came and as he shouted his release . 
 reyes watched unblinking as both pairs of h * ps settled down , the music subsided , and the lights grew dim . 
 the couple on stage breathed hard . 
 reyes gripped his thighs , his fingers digging in deep . 
 a single spotlight followed eve to the front of the stage . 
 she met and held reyes 's gaze . 
 `` may you know the pleasure one day of release through domination . 
 and may you break free of your bonds . '' 
 the lights went out and the audience applauded wildly . 
 reyes could have adjusted his vampire vision , but he did n't want to ; in fact , he could n't . 
 he sat , unable to calm his erection , his body trembling . 
 angelica 's voice once more slid through his mind . 
 you 're shaking . 
 he could n't speak , not even telepathically , as though the nature of the show had scrambled his neurons . 
 the crowd had already started moving around . 
 someone stood in front of him speaking his name , but he could n't make it out , could n't focus , could n't think . 
 he lifted his gaze slowly and in the recess of his mind recognized that engles now stared at him . 
 `` reyes ? '' 
 his name sounded as if spoken underwater , only with long echoes . 
 the performance had taken him back at least a century in time , to the middle part of his captivity when despair had made him contemplate chewing off his own hands , halting the healing process , and welcoming death . 
 he felt a hand slip around his elbow and squeeze , a tender touch that startled him blinking . 
 reyes , come back . 
 you 've got to come back . 
 engles looks suspicious . 
 i do n't know what you 've got planned , but you 're about to blow this whole thing . 
 he turned slowly to stare at her , horror-stricken . 
 why are you touching me ? 
 he could n't believe anyone would want to touch him . 
 he was a filthy slave , used so many times by sweet dove and her friends that he was unworthy of ever being touched again . 
 but then angelica did n't know the complete truth of who he was , how many times he 'd orgasmed on command for sweet dove , or how many men he 'd f ** ked during his captivity in hell . 
 and with that his mind shut down completely . 
 chapter six angelica watched reyes turn away from her to stare blankly at the now empty stage . 
 something had happened to force his mind inward . 
 maybe the performance had been too much . 
 she glanced around and saw that all eyes had turned to them , waiting expectantly . 
 she used telepathy again . 
 reyes , come back to me . 
 you have to do something . 
 when he did n't respond , panic set in-not just that his plans might be disrupted but for her own safety as well . 
 if engles attacked right now , reyes would n't be able to defend himself , and she knew enough about the bastard to know that engles would take command of her if he could . 
 she made a quick decision and aloud , said , `` yes , master , i 've heard your command within my mind and i 'll do as you say . 
 i 'll obey you in everything . '' 
 with all eyes in the theater now on her , she felt nauseated as she rose up slightly , trembling , and moved in front of him . 
 she lowered herself to her knees as so many other slaves had already done that evening . 
 she spread his legs , moving between to undo his pants . 
 not surprising , he was firm and ready for her . 
 without allowing herself to think about the horror of the moment , she focused on reyes , knowing that if he did n't get with it , he 'd lose his standing with engles and the rest of the starlin members and she 'd be caught in a madman 's power . 
 she slid her mouth over his cock , shutting out the movement and increased groans all around her , even the nearby approving comments . 
 reyes , you feel so good in my mouth . 
 you 're a big man and hard as a rock . 
 she reached between his legs and fondled his balls as she sucked , then stroked the length of his stalk . 
 i 've wanted you from the first moment i set eyes on you . 
 i 've hungered for you , craved your cock . 
 she tongued his crown , sliding over the ridge , teasing the most sensitive parts . 
 she kept her ministrations tender , hoping that the feel of her tongue would bring him out of his mentally locked-up state . 
 maybe then they 'd both survive . 
 she also blocked everything else out of her mind . 
 she recalled her fantasies of having his body beneath her hands and let herself go there again , pretending she was alone with him . 
 you have a beautiful cock , thick and long . 
 she took as much of him in her mouth as she could , working him with her hand at the same time , slow upward pulls . 
 reyes , i 've wanted to do this for months now . 
 how many times i 've longed for your body moving over mine , your c ** k buried deep , your h * ps thrusting harder and harder . 
 i could come like this . 
 i 'd only need the pressure of your hand pressed between my legs and i 'd be screaming with pleasure . 
 she moved faster , her head bobbing up and down . 
 he started to respond , his h * ps rocking slowly . 
 yes , that 's it . 
 you like what i 'm doing . 
 come back to me , reyes . 
 let me know i 'm pleasing you . 
 reyes began the long journey back because pleasure rode his thighs , his abdomen , and his cock . 
 a warm , wet mouth worked him . 
 with his eyes closed , he heard a voice in his head , a woman 's voice . 
 with a start he recognized angelica , but what was she saying ? 
 his mind felt muddy and strange . 
 she talked about loving his cock , wanting to come like this . 
 like what ? 
 he strove to make sense of what was happening . 
 mostly , he felt like he was waking up very slowly from a sex dream . 
 angelica ? 
 i 'm here . 
 just enjoy what i 'm doing . 
 that 's it . 
 you 're so hard . 
 i can feel you 're close to release . 
 her mouth sucked a little harder , but her hand worked him faster at just the right pressure . 
 he slid his palm to the back of her head and flexed his hips , pushing as she sucked . 
 he loved that she was sucking him . 
 other images intruded , of eve and her red leather , of the dominance show , of the theater in engles 's home . 
 tension flowed through him , not in a good way , as reality returned . 
 angelica , what the hell is happening ? 
 but she did n't pause in her movements . 
 just go with it , reyes . 
 i 've got this . 
 engles is watching and you need to come for me . 
 this is n't right . 
 with her free hand , she dug her nails into his abdomen , drawing his attention low . 
 he opened his eyes as her voice once more penetrated his mind . 
 she met his gaze , staring up at him . 
 i 've wanted you like this . 
 did you know that ? 
 i 've wanted all of you in my mouth from the time i first saw you . 
 i 've pleasured myself repeatedly with thoughts of having your c ** k right here , my tongue swirling over you . 
 reyes finally returned to reality and in a brief flash realized all that angelica was doing for him in this moment , the sacrifice she was making . 
 as a slave , he 'd been in this position , having to perform against his will , against his morality . 
 but she 'd chosen to do this for him . 
 he stroked her head and set his mind on nothing but the woman on her knees in front of him . 
 he recalled the kiss she 'd given him in the foyer of the ocean club , the way she 'd looked in her red silk dress , the hopeful expression in her eyes . 
 she was so damn beautiful and he wanted her . 
 he let his desire for her take over . 
 aloud , he said , `` suck me harder now , slave . '' 
 she responded , moving faster as well . 
 `` you 've obeyed me , slave . 
 that 's all that matters . '' 
 angelica , your mouth is like fire . 
 he thrust his h * ps now and she moved even faster . 
 his balls tightened . 
 i 'm coming . 
 i can feel it . 
 she stayed with him , with his movements , holding her head and the suction of her mouth just right as he pumped all that he had straight into her mouth . 
 the orgasm had him shouting at the cavern ceiling , eyes closed , refusing to acknowledge anyone else around him . 
 as he settled in his seat , angelica drew back , swallowing and wiping her lips . 
 but she wisely kept her eyes downcast . 
 he saw tears on her cheeks as she tucked him back inside and carefully zipped up his pants . 
 he 'd had enough , and he was sure she 'd just reached her breaking point . 
 ignoring the sudden burst of applause all around him , and not caring what repercussions might follow , he caught her up in his arms . 
 in a loud voice , he said , `` i need you in my game room . 
 now . '' 
 more applause . 
 shifting to altered flight , he flew through the cavern walls , taking it slow for her sake as he sped in the direction of his home . 
 he dropped down into his master suite once more . 
 he laid her on the bed , but she turned to her side , swiping at her face , to look up at him . 
 the crowd 's approval still worked like a sickness in his gut , twisting him up . 
 his guilt rose , heavy guilt over his past , over all the things he 'd done through the decades . 
 and now an innocent like angelica had performed in public , sucking him off . 
 the erotic show had messed with his mind , making him long for things that could n't exist , like breaking free and having power over what had controlled him for so long . 
 after the first months of his freedom , he 'd thought that if he could track down sweet dove and kill her , then he 'd be free . 
 but sweet dove was n't to be found . 
 he quickly learned that very few people even knew of her . 
 even the men who 'd visited her , who had also used his body , had disappeared from the vampire world . 
 he now believed that sweet dove had killed them , or ordered the killings , though doing the job by her own hand would have suited her equally as well . 
 since then , nothing he 'd done to try to locate her had worked . 
 she 'd slipped into some well-disguised cavern system and disappeared . 
 maybe she was dead . 
 or maybe finding scorpion would help lead reyes to her . 
 after all , sweet dove had been with angelica . 
 she 'd known all about her . 
 it was highly possible that sweet dove knew scorpion . 
 angelica shivered . 
 `` are you cold ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 he moved to the fireplace and lit a well-constructed stack of newspaper , kindling , and logs . 
 when the fire burned hot , angelica shifted to sit on the side of the tall bed . 
 she stared up at him , the comforter loose about her waist as firelight played over her perfect cle ** age and the red sequins covering her ni ** les . 
 `` angelica , i 'm so sorry for what happened just now , but i 'm beyond grateful , too , because you saved the situation . 
 i got lost for a few minutes , and you brought me back . 
 is there anything i can do for you ? '' 
 she released a weary sigh . 
 `` i know this is going to sound odd , but i 'd really like a shower . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` actually , that makes perfect sense . '' 
 he 'd been there a thousand times . 
 she pushed the comforter back and headed to the bathroom . 
 angelica let the water flow over her head for a long time . 
 she soaped up repeatedly , trying to scrub some of the experience off her skin and out of her pores . 
 her job was over , the part she 'd agreed to , and sometime the next morning reyes would take her home . 
 he 'd even said he 'd do all that he could to keep her safe from starlin in the future . 
 she should have felt relieved , and maybe she was . 
 but a large part of her was still stuck at that horrible party where at least a hundred slaves had milled around dull-eyed and on leashes like hers . 
 except their obedience and submission were real , unlike hers . 
 she only had to feign her captivity . 
 she shuddered , trying hard not to think about what the rest of the night would be like for the other women . 
 despite this brutal reality , she was proud of what she 'd achieved tonight . 
 she 'd saved reyes 's reputation and protected his cover . 
 he could go forward with his plans and fulfill his mission , and in the process save tens of thousands of future slaves . 
 then why did n't she feel more satisfied ? 
 reyes leaned his forearm over the tall mantel , drawing deep breaths . 
 he could recall everything now , how he 'd watched the show and fallen into a strange trance as images of sweet dove 's torture had overtaken his mind . 
 engles had stood nearby watching him like a hawk , waiting for a sign of weakness , hoping to tear him apart . 
 dream-like , he could even see the moment angelica had made the decision to go down on him , pretending that she obeyed his orders . 
 horror rolled through him in waves at what might have happened had she not jumped in and played her slave role as brilliantly as she had . 
 but it was n't the possibility of failing at his mission that distressed him ; it was the simple fact that engles happily would have appropriated angelica as his slave once he was assured that reyes was n't up to the task . 
 he could n't be certain exactly what had happened to him , why he 'd checked out for those few minutes . 
 he supposed eve 's show had been too real for him . 
 or maybe the overall stress of the evening had finally gotten to him . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut and for the present worked at letting it all go . 
 angelica had saved the situation and now he had her home , safe and sound . 
 in the morning he 'd take her back to newport beach , to her apartment , back to helping her mother and working all the long hours at her accounting job . 
 maybe it was n't a great life , but it sure as hell was n't the dangerous and potentially fatal one he 'd brought her into . 
 he ignored certain other thoughts that had stolen into his mind as well , ones that involved keeping her with him for the next few weeks . 
 he had no right to ask anything more of her . 
 even so , he moved to the wall unit to the left of the fireplace , laden with a host of books on shelves . 
 a set of drawers made up the lower portion of the unit . 
 opening the top drawer , he pulled out a red leather case and popped the lid . 
 on a bed of scarlet velvet lay a pair of identical dark-metal chains . 
 he touched each in succession and felt the powerful vibrations they carried . 
 when created , the chains had been infused with his blood and carried his dna , which meant that he could bind angelica to him if he wanted to . 
 he could keep her close to him with a range that rarely extended beyond ten feet . 
 the chains would prove he 'd brought her under his complete control . 
 but they would do more than that . 
 he 'd have a sense of her at all times , and she 'd know exactly what he was feeling moment to moment . 
 everything about their current relationship would be heightened , including his desire for her , his longing for her blood , his need to bury himself inside her . 
 he knew she desired him , so in turn , what she felt for him would be enhanced exponentially as well . 
 the thought of taking angelica to bed as a willing partner while bound in blood-chains caused him to groan . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he closed the lid , then the drawer . 
 pivoting in her direction , he met her gaze . 
 she wore a robe , tied up tight at her narrow waist . 
 her hair was slicked back , wet from the shower , which made her eyes look huge , enhancing her vulnerable humanness . 
 he really could n't ask this of her . 
 he could n't . 
 instead he answered her question . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 tired , maybe . '' 
 `` will i be sleeping here tonight ? '' 
 she dipped her chin toward the bed . 
 with a towel she rubbed the ends of her hair . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i can sleep in the guest room . '' 
 her gaze roved the bed . 
 `` i think that would be best . '' 
 but she frowned . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 at that , she smiled as she met his gaze once more . 
 `` i could use some sleep . 
 maybe a decade 's worth . '' 
 he realized then that whatever she could do in terms of helping him reach his starlin destruction goal , there was another reason he did n't want her to go . 
 she eased something inside him he could n't define . 
 and he wanted her to stay with him , at least for a little while longer . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she tilted her head . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 there , he said it again , flat out . 
 `` i want you with me for the next few weeks . 
 the starlin group is hosting a festival , like your new orleans mardi gras , with parades and parties in many of the local sex clubs . 
 it culminates in a masked ball . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 what are you saying ? '' 
 he dove in . 
 `` i want you to stick this out with me , to share a blood-chain bond-which will help keep you safe . 
 i think with you by my side , i 'll be able to finish my mission . 
 in fact i 'm sure of it . 
 angelica , i want you to stay , to continue to pose as my slave , to be with me . '' 
 angelica drew close to reyes , trying to understand his meaning . 
 she frowned so hard that the muscles of her face hurt as she stared once more into clear blue eyes . 
 he was pleading with her , something she had n't expected from him . 
 and he wanted her to stay . 
 but how could she remain in this world ? 
 she 'd already been through so much . 
 that last episode , when he 'd mentally checked out , had almost put her square into the hands of a madman . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 you know i ca n't . 
 i have to go home . 
 i have my mother to think of , and my future . 
 if i stay , there 's a good chance i wo n't make it out alive . '' 
 he drew her into his arms and kissed her , then nuzzled his neck . 
 `` angelica , '' he murmured against her throat . 
 `` you made everything possible and i want you with me . 
 i need you with me . 
 please stay . '' 
 he kissed her again . 
 she sensed how desperately he wanted her with him . 
 she pulled away from him , rubbing her forehead with the palm of her hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i ca n't do this . '' 
 he turned back to the drawer he 'd closed and pulled out a red case . 
 opening it , he let her look at a pair of chains . 
 `` these are blood-chains , are n't they ? '' 
 `` yes , they are . 
 we would each wear a chain and once bound , you 'd be able to siphon my power , sense where i am at all times , and to some degree what i 'm feeling and thinking . 
 and i would experience the same with you . 
 it would make working together much easier on every level . 
 and if i bound you , i 'd gain credibility with engles . '' 
 even without touching them , she sensed their power . 
 `` i want you with me more than anything in the world , more than i 've wanted anything in my life . 
 and i know you 've felt it , too-it 's what brought you back to the ocean club and why you did n't leave my world when you had the chance . 
 we belong together , angelica . 
 please stay by my side . 
 help me bring starlin down . '' 
 her heart lurched as she met his gaze once more . 
 she was so drawn to him . 
 she hated that he 'd once been a slave himself , that throughout the first part of his life , he 'd endured decades of torture . 
 and now all he wanted was to make a difference , to end the horrors of sex slavery . 
 she thought back to the russian slave , whimpering in pain as her new owner sank his fangs into her neck and drank from her with the intention of hurting her . 
 reyes had taken her blood , but it had n't hurt at all . 
 instead she 'd never known such exquisite pleasure . 
 and there was the other , sensual side of the equation : she would n't just be partners with him , she knew he 'd become her lover , the thing she 'd wanted more than anything else over the past several months . 
 but he 'd spoken of her staying with him for weeks ? 
 she could n't be away from her mother for that long . 
 and despite reyes 's assurances , what if she died ? 
 who would care for her parent then ? 
 did she really want to enter such a completely intimate relationship with a vampire ? 
 even if she survived , would she like the person she 'd become by the time it was all over ? 
 she could n't do this . 
 she felt in her bones that to choose a blood-chain bond with reyes would alter her life forever , that she 'd never be able to go back to her human world . 
 `` i ca n't , reyes . 
 i wish i could , but i ca n't . 
 i 'm not strong enough for this . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` you have more strength than you know . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 she 'd made up her mind . 
 then as if from a great distance , she heard his spirit calling to her . 
 stay . 
 she did n't know how she knew , but this was n't telepathy , not like before . 
 it was a plaintive cry straight from his heart . 
 and for that reason alone , she wanted to say yes , but how could she ? 
 stay , angelica . 
 please stay ... to be continued ... 
