 prologue 16 years earlier `` take them ! 
 mary take them ! 
 you have to go ! '' 
 mary stared down at the two blond children that had been thrust into her arms . 
 her son was staring at her with wide blue eyes that were startlingly wise , and more than a little unnerving , for a one year old . 
 his small hands curled around his blanket as he watched his mother silently . 
 the other baby was just as quiet , her eyes wide and a shocking violet blue that also appeared far to knowing for her age . 
 though mary had never said anything , the age within the children 's eyes had always slightly unnerved her . 
 now it terrified her . 
 she blinked in startled surprise at the man before her , the man that had just handed her the children , john . 
 he was her husband , but now , when it was too late , she realized that she did n't know him at all . 
 that she had never known him . 
 the thought sent a fresh wave of cold terror down her spine . 
 goose pimples broke out on her flesh ; she could barely breathe through the anxiety clutching at her chest . 
 `` mary , you must get them to safety . '' 
 she began to shake , clinging tighter to the children who had yet to make a sound . 
 `` take them ! 
 take them where ? '' 
 she cried , battling against the tears that filled her eyes and clogged her throat . 
 jessie , the girl 's mother , pushed john slightly out of the way as she stepped forward . 
 her dark blue , almost violet eyes were wide and fearful ; her golden hair was wild around her face . 
 `` to my mother in florida , she 'll know what to do . 
 she 'll keep you safe . '' 
 `` safe from what ? '' 
 mary inquired , hating the hysterical note in her voice , but her body hummed with panic and confusion . 
 `` she will fill you in , '' derek , jessie 's husband informed her . 
 `` you must go mary . '' 
 unlike jessie and john , derek was relatively calm . 
 to calm considering the fact that he was telling her to take his daughter and flee to florida . 
 flee from what , mary did n't know , but they seemed adamant that she go . 
 `` if you stay , you will die . 
 they will die . 
 now go ! '' 
 mary gaped at him , her heart hammering , and her body cold with fear . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' she cried . 
 `` i do n't understand any of this ! '' 
 `` i am sorry for that honey , but you must listen to us . 
 you must get yourself , and the children , to safety , '' john insisted . 
 `` what about you ? 
 why do n't you come with me ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 she wanted to grab hold of his arm , to cling to him , to shake some answers out of him , but the children within her grasp stopped her from doing so . 
 `` we ca n't , they will only follow us . 
 we will meet you later , '' jessie informed her , though mary realized with heart wrenching certainty that jessie was lying . 
 they would not be meeting her later . 
 in fact , mary was beginning to realize that she would never see any of them again . 
 `` the police , we must go to the police , '' she whispered . 
 `` are useless , '' brent said sharply . 
 mary 's gaze darted to the man that had been silent until that moment . 
 mary did n't know brent well , he had never seemed to like her , or approve of her much , for some reason . 
 however , he had been friends with jessie , derek , and john for years , even though he was a good twenty years older than them . 
 mary had never understood their strange relationship , but they were extremely close , and often kept her in the dark as they whispered and spoke quietly with each other . 
 she had always resented their relationship , and her exclusion from it , but she had kept her bitterness hidden , unwilling to hurt or anger her husband . 
 `` if you involve them you will only get them hurt , and yourself killed . '' 
 `` they 're coming , '' john said softly , his body tensed , his face twisted with anger . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he hissed , dropping a kiss quickly on her head before shoving her toward the door . 
 `` go now , before it 's too late ! '' 
 mary stumbled as he shoved at her , pushing her out the back door to the waiting car . 
 a car that she had not started , but it was running expectantly , and appeared to have bags shoved into the back . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 mary froze as jessie snagged hold of her arm ; fear and misery were evident in her intense gaze . 
 `` take care of my daughter . 
 please mary i am begging you to keep cassie alive ! '' 
 mary stared back at the frantic woman she had considered her best friend . 
 mary had never been more wrong about someone ; jessie was a stranger to her . 
 mary managed a small nod ; her mouth was dry with terror . 
 `` i will , '' she vowed . 
 jessie released her ; she took a step back as tears rolled down her cheeks . 
 mary had no idea what was happening , but their terror spurred her into action . 
 fleeing down the back stairs , she hastily strapped the children into their car seats . 
 the children continued to watch her in eerie silence as she jumped behind the wheel . 
 her hands were shaking as she shifted the car into reverse and pulled out of the drive as calmly as her thumping heart would allow . 
 she glanced back at the house , the home she had shared with her husband and his friends . 
 people she now realized she knew nothing about . 
 nor , she realized with bone shaking certainty , did she know her own son . 
 she glanced at the eerily silent children in the rearview mirror . 
 the girl was usually fussy in the car seat ; she was immobile now and did not fight against the straps . 
 her son was usually fast asleep the minute he hit the car , he was staring intently at her . 
 with their blond hair , and wide unblinking eyes , mary was suddenly reminded of the children of the corn . 
 a chill ran down her back as she gasped and choked on the tears that burned her eyes . 
 shrill screams pierced the night . 
 mary jumped in surprise , her eyes flew wildly back to the house as the sound of splintering wood shattered the air . 
 for a moment mary could not move as more shouts , and the sounds of an ensuing battle , rent the silent night . 
 then , her survival instincts , for herself and the children , kicked into gear . 
 shifting into drive , she stomped on the gas . 
 the tires spun on the asphalt , squealing loudly , before finally grabbing hold . 
 the car lurched forward ; the smell of burning rubber followed her as she sped down the road . 
 she headed toward the highway , and florida . 
 it was almost a ten hour drive , but she had a feeling she would make it there in record time , as long as she did n't get pulled over first . 
 she never looked back ; she knew she would see nothing but death behind her . 
 there would be nothing left of her life , or her loved ones . 
 in fact , she was certain that they were already dead , and that whatever had killed them would be coming for her next . 
 but the fact that she had lost her loved ones was not nearly as unnerving as the fact that though she squealed through turns , raced through red lights , and people blared their horns at her , the children remained quiet , and knowing . 
 *** twelve years later sorting through the change in her hand , cassie hastily picked out the nickels and dimes , absently shoving aside the pennies . 
 sighing in aggravation , she glanced at the unattainable coke machine before digging into the pocket of her cutoffs once more . 
 all she wanted was a cold soda , was that too much to ask ? 
 apparently as all she pulled out were a few pieces of lint , a gum wrapper , and dirt . 
 cassie fought the fierce urge to kick the machine in frustration ; it was not its fault that the price of soda had gone up fifteen cents . 
 it was the stupid , greedy , owner of the store . 
 glancing past the machine , she peered into the dingy windows of the five and dime . 
 mr. lester was watching her intently , waiting to make sure that she did n't do exactly what she longed to do most . 
 she wanted to stick her tongue out at the man , but then she would be banned from the store , and he did have the best selection of baseball cards , candy , and comic books in town . 
 glancing longingly back at the bright red machine , cassie heaved a sigh of regret , shoved her change back into her pocket and turned away . 
 she would just have to drink from the water fountain during baseball practice , instead of having the nice , cold , wonderful can of coke that she really wanted . 
 she scrunched her nose slightly , already dreading the taste of the metallic water fountain . 
 grabbing her mitt from the store windowsill , she turned back to the main thoroughfare . 
 she did n't make it one step before she was brought to an abrupt halt by a tall , thin man , with a pair of glasses perched at the end of his hawkish nose . 
 his light gray eyes ran quickly over her as he studied her intently . 
 cassie 's hand tightened on her glove as she took a small , instinctive step back . 
 she was not some five year-old who would wander away with a stranger , but she did n't know what the odd man 's intentions were . 
 glancing briefly over her shoulder she was relieved to find mr. lester still watching intently , his eyes slightly narrowed as he observed the man . 
 though he liked to squeeze as much money as possible out of the kids , he would n't allow anything bad to happen to her . 
 she turned slowly back to the strange man . 
 his eyes were still fixed upon her , but she saw no ill will in his steady gaze . 
 instead , there was an odd sense of relief in his eyes . 
 a slender girl stepped beside him , her hand slipped into his as she squeezed it gently . 
 cassie 's tension eased at the sight of the black haired girl who was so trusting of the strange man . 
 the girl studied cassie from exotically slanted eyes ; they were as dark and shiny as a gleaming onyx . 
 those eyes pierced cassie , pinning her to the spot as they seemed to see straight into cassie 's soul . 
 slightly unnerved by the girl 's intense gaze and scrutiny , cassie turned her attention back to the man . 
 though he seemed to be in his late thirties , maybe forties , old enough to be the girl 's father , they looked nothing alike . 
 his hair was a light brown , going gray at the temples . 
 his eyes were far from dark in color , and unlike the girls smooth olive complexion , he was very fair . 
 `` are you cassandra fairmont ? '' 
 he inquired , the faint hint of an english accent in his tone . 
 cassie frowned at him , not understanding how this man knew who she was , let alone her full name . 
 her grip tightened on her glove , her stance shifted slightly as she prepared to bolt into the five and dime at a moment 's notice . 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 she was proud of the fact that her voice did n't waver . 
 `` no , but i may have known your parents . '' 
 cassie 's heart leapt into her throat , her arm dropped limply to her side . 
 her fingers eased their tight grip on her glove to the point that she nearly dropped it . 
 other than her grandmother , and chris 's mother , cassie knew no one that had ever met her parents . 
 though cassie often asked questions about her parents , her grandmother rarely spoke of them . 
 once in awhile , she would share stories of cassie 's mother when she was a little girl , and her father , as her grandmother had also known him as a child . 
 however , chris 's mother never spoke of them ; she hated any mention of cassie 's parents , or chris 's father . 
 she used the mere mention of them as an excuse to retreat deeper into her drunken stupor , or to hit the bars in search of a new conquest . 
 it was a fact that had once bothered chris , but lately he had taken to ignoring his mother as easily as she ignored him . 
 now , this strange man was standing before her telling her that he may have known her parents , and quite possibly , chris 's father . 
 it was a lifeline , a level of hope that she had never experienced before . 
 this man , this stranger , could be their one chance to get to know their parents better . 
 `` my parents ? '' 
 she managed to choke out . 
 the man 's eyes were gentle as he nodded slowly . 
 `` yes , if they were derek and jessie fairmont ? '' 
 the man blurred as cassie 's eyes filled with water . 
 she rarely heard their names spoken , rarely had the chance to acknowledge that they had ever even lived . 
 it was as if everything about them had ceased to exist when they were killed in the car accident . 
 not just their bodies , but their memories , history , their entire lives had been buried forever . 
 now , they were being openly acknowledged , openly conversed about , and it was by a total stranger . 
 cassie glanced at the slender girl , surprised by the wealth of caring and understanding that filled her warm onyx eyes . 
 swallowing heavily , cassie rapidly blinked back her tears , trying hard not to completely fall apart in front of the strange pair . 
 taking a deep breath to steady her pounding heart , and raw nerves , she turned slowly back to the man . 
 `` yes , '' she said softly . 
 `` those were my parents . '' 
 relief filled him ; his shoulders slumped as he broke into a brilliant grin . 
 the girl squeezed his hand harder , doing an odd little jump step as she beamed happily . 
 `` i told you , '' she said excitedly . 
 the man shook his head at her , but there was no censure in the gesture as he continued to smile brightly . 
 he thrust his hand out to cassie . 
 `` my name is luther long ; i 've been looking for you for a very long time cassandra . '' 
 cassie stared silently at his extended hand as confusion swirled through her . 
 though she sensed no ill will from them , they still scared her a little . 
 but then again , the strange man did seem to know her parents , and best of all , he seemed to actually want to speak about them . 
 the temptation was more than she could withstand . 
 thrusting her hand out , she grasped hold of luther 's warm , well calloused one . 
 his grin widened as he shook her hand briskly . 
 in that moment , when he found her , when their hands joined , her life was irrevocably changed . 
 the course of her destiny forever altered . 
 over the years that followed , cassie often wondered if she would have run screaming from him , and the changes that he would bring to her life . 
 though , she eventually came to realize that there was no outrunning destiny . 
 it was very much like the reaper in that way , as there was no escape . 
 and like the reaper , destiny could be cruel , unfair , and indiscriminate . 
 though these were things that cassie later learned , she was still ill prepared for her life to be forever changed , her innocence to be shattered that day . 
 nor was she prepared for the day when he walked into her life four years later , forever altering it , and her , once again . 
 chapter 1 cassie ducked low , spinning as she threw a swift roundhouse kick . 
 her foot connected solidly with the twisted creature , catching it beneath its chin and knocking it back a good five feet . 
 the startled grunt of surprise and pain it issued was music to her ears . 
 the man/monster got caught up on a headstone and flipped over top of it ; it sprawled out on its back in the thick grass , its legs momentarily caught up over top of the headstone . 
 cassie sprang gracefully to her feet , slipping the stake easily from her belt loop . 
 the creature 's eyes widened upon her , he had expected an easy kill . 
 its eyes turned a fierce red as his face twisted into an animalistic snarl of fury . 
 the rage that blasted from him pounded against her but did not slow cassie down . 
 she had grown accustomed to the hatred over the few past years . 
 however , she did n't know if she would ever become accustomed to the bloodlust that poured from the monsters in nearly suffocating waves . 
 it was daunting to know that something wanted to rip out her throat and drain the blood , and life , from her . 
 though it was slightly overwhelming , it did not slow her down , and did not cause her to hesitate . 
 there was no room for hesitation here . 
 the smallest distraction could get her , and her friends , killed . 
 no , her entire focus had to be upon the creature , and destroying it . 
 she could not allow human emotions to slip in here ; there was no place for them now . 
 here , there could only be the fight . 
 and the death of someone . 
 preferably not her . 
 though she had the creature down , she was not fooled into thinking that she had him beat . 
 bracing herself , she leaned slightly back on her left foot as he threw his hands behind his head and thrust himself elegantly to his feet . 
 cassie eyed him with wary amusement ; he was predictable . 
 with a fierce snarl , he lunged at her , racing across the ground with the grace inherent to his kind . 
 cassie did not kick out at him again , did not throw another punch . 
 she simply ducked low , spinning around as he raced past her . 
 thrusting the stake out , his forward momentum was enough to drive it deep into his chest cavity and pierce his deadened heart . 
 he looked at her in shock and horror , his face contorted in pain as she twisted the stake deeper . 
 he fell back , his body convulsing as he clawed at the stake . 
 though he tried to rip it free , it was more than obvious that the damage had been done . 
 there was no reversing this death . 
 cassie waited until he stopped struggling , and his eyes clouded over , before she ripped her lucky stake free . 
 in life , he had only been a year or two older than her , barely a man yet . 
 though cassie felt a twinge of regret about killing him , she quickly buried it . 
 there could be no regret in her life ; there could never be any regret . 
 it would only eat her alive , and she had n't been the one to originally end his life . 
 she could not question the where 's and why 's of her life . 
 it was simply her duty , her birthright . 
 though she did n't always enjoy it , and often resented it , she was good at killing , and she helped to keep people safe and protected by doing it . 
 even if people did n't know that she was helping them . 
 she turned her attention back to chris and melissa . 
 chris was struggling back to his feet as he had been knocked flat . 
 the vampire they were fighting rushed past chris , focusing on what he apparently -lrb- and wrongly -rrb- thought was the weaker female . 
 melissa grinned back at the creature in amusement , her stance widened as she braced herself for his attack . 
 her dark eyes twinkled brightly in the moonlight . 
 in their lives it was just another night in paradise , cassie thought with a sigh . 
 shaking her head , cassie moved slowly toward them . 
 unlike herself , chris and melissa relished in the fight , the hunt , and the kill . 
 they both loved what they were , and eagerly embraced their heritage . 
 then again , melissa had been raised with the knowledge of what she was . 
 and chris was a teenage boy ; anything he could beat up , punch , kick , and maim was fun for him . 
 however , cassie was not a boy , and she had been oblivious to what she was until luther and melissa had walked into her life at thirteen . 
 she had never relished in the fighting , or the killing . 
 well , that was not entirely true . 
 there were times when she loved the thrill of the fight , times when she loved the fact that she was making the world safer one murderous vampire at a time . 
 she did not like the fact that this life had been forced upon her by birth , or that her life expectancy had been drastically lowered by a flip of the cosmic switch . 
 she chafed against the bonds that had confined her to a life she had never even imagined could exist , and had never wanted . 
 but what choice did she really have ? 
 she could not turn her back on what she was . 
 innocent people would die if she did . 
 she may hate her role in life , but she could not live with herself if people were killed because she was n't there to protect them . 
 she could not live with the fact that chris or melissa might be hurt , or killed , because she was too selfish , and too scared to accept her birth right , her destiny . 
 destiny , she had learned , was a cold bed fellow . 
 one that left her chilled to the bone , and hollow inside . 
 destiny had left her vulnerable to the more brutal side of life , and it would likely destroy her before she ever saw her twenty-fifth birthday . 
 a loud grunt shifted her attention back to the battle melissa was still waging . 
 chris had regained his feet , but melissa was wearing the trademark grin she displayed when she already knew the outcome of a fight . 
 cassie sighed softly ; she wiped her hands on her jeans as she joined chris . 
 `` i do n't see how it can be any fun when you already know what 's going to happen , '' he complained . 
 `` just think about how much fun it will be if she ever foresees a battle she loses , '' cassie retorted dryly . 
 chris shrugged and nodded slowly . 
 shoving a strand of sandy blond hair off his forehead , he sighed wearily as he shoved his hands in his pockets . 
 `` yeah , that would suck . '' 
 melissa lunged suddenly , shoving the stake forward in a killing blow . 
 with a satisfied grin she ripped her stake free , flipped it in the air , and caught it lightly before shoving it into her belt . 
 `` it will never happen though ; i 'm never going to lose ! '' 
 she announced proudly , smiling brightly . 
 cassie bit back her retort . 
 there was no need to remind them that that was probably what every hunter had believed , until the grim reaper had called for them far too early . 
 sighing in aggravation cassie wrapped her arms around herself , not understanding the strange melancholy enshrouding her lately . 
 but try as she might , she could not shake the misery that clung to her like a second skin . 
 her funk was not a good place to be ; becoming worn down by her life would only get her killed sooner . 
 `` of course not , '' chris agreed . 
 `` yeah , '' cassie mumbled absently . 
 melissa 's onyx eyes focused intently on cassie , her pretty face scrunched slightly as she studied her . 
 cassie prickled under the scrutiny , but she had grown accustomed to melissa 's fixed stares . 
 it was a look melissa often wore when she was trying to decipher the future paths a person might take . 
 cassie never asked about her future , she did n't want to know , but she was certain that melissa had already glimpsed some of it . 
 although , melissa never let onto whether it was good or bad , and that was the way that cassie liked it . 
 cassie broke the stare first , becoming slightly unnerved as melissa 's gaze went on longer than normal . 
 shaking her head , melissa broke into a beautiful grin that showed off her perfect white teeth . 
 `` let 's dispose of these guys . 
 between the three of them it did not take long to drag the bodies into the woods and hide them within the shadowed interior . 
 cassie did n't worry that the bodies would be discovered . 
 once day broke the bodies would burn away , all evidence of their existence would disappear into a pile of ash . 
 the animals would not come for these bodies either , there was nothing but evil for them here . 
 `` i 'm hungry , '' melissa announced wiping the dirt from her hands . 
 `` yeah , me too , '' chris agreed , patting his flat stomach . 
 `` what else is new ? '' 
 cassie inquired lightly . 
 his handsome face lit up as he threw his arms casually around both their shoulders . 
 `` b 's and s 's , '' he suggested . 
 `` ugh you 're going to become a giant puddle of grease if you keep eating at that place , '' melissa groaned . 
 chris shrugged as they began to make their way through the darkened cemetery . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 i love my grease . '' 
 he smiled brightly , pulling them tighter against his side . 
 `` i 'm a growing boy . '' 
 `` you 're arteries are growing closed ! '' 
 melissa retorted . 
 chris rolled his eyes and leaned closer to cassie . 
 `` please rescue me from the vegetarian nazi . '' 
 cassie chuckled softly and shook her head at him . 
 `` you 're on your own with this one . '' 
 cassie tried to keep her gaze focused straight ahead , but despite her best intentions not to , she glanced back to the edge of the dark cemetery , and the thick woods . 
 though it was quiet now , it was from there that the two vampires had emerged tonight . 
 she did n't know why , but for some reason vampires were attracted to the cemetery . 
 she thought it might be because they had never had a proper burial of their own , but she had no way to know what the monsters thought , or why they acted like they did . 
 she spent far too many of her nights with chris and melissa , stalking out the cemetery and waiting to see what might pop out of the woods . 
 she also spent far too many nights hanging out around restaurants , and busy places , trying to keep people safe from the monsters that lurked in the night . 
 by reading the papers and keeping an eye on the news , they were usually able to discern when a vampire was hunting in the area . 
 when reports of strange disappearances , or wild animal attacks started to surface , they all knew they were going to be in for long nights , and long weeks , until the things causing the disappearances and deaths were caught and destroyed . 
 `` wild animal '' was often the term used to describe anything that the authorities could n't fully explain , or understand , in the area . 
 to the three of them , it usually meant vampire , as there were few dangerous wild animals on cape cod . 
 cassie did n't know what the authorities told themselves in order to go to sleep after these attacks , and their poor explanation about the deaths . 
 nor did she particularly care . 
 she sometimes envied them their blissful , deep rooted denial though . 
 she could never experience it again . 
 when she read about the `` wild animal '' attacks , there was no peaceful denial for her to slip into . 
 there was only hunting , stalking , skulking , and death . 
 a momentary flash of guilt shot through her , shaking her slightly with its ferocity . 
 she was not the one that had killed these monsters first , she reminded herself forcefully . 
 that had been some other monster , not her . 
 the lives of the vampires they hunted had been forfeit long before the three of them ever came along . 
 if the men they had killed tonight had not been stopped , they would have caused even more death and destruction . 
 more innocent lives would have been lost ; they had done the right thing here . 
 though she kept telling herself this , it did not ease the knot of guilt that encircled her . 
 cassie 's gaze darted over the darkened headstones . 
 the night was quiet , but she could n't help the chill that crept down her spine . 
 she spent half of her nights in this cemetery , but she never got used to the coldness that enveloped it , the pain that suffused it . 
 loss and anguish permeated the air , lingering remnants from the living that had been left behind to mourn their lost loved ones . 
 making their way slowly out of the wrought iron gate , cassie allowed them to lead her down the quiet street toward the center of town . 
 the sidewalk was dark ; streetlights had not been placed this far away from the center of town . 
 cassie glanced toward the woods surrounding them , her eyes narrowed as she studied the darkened recesses . 
 an owl hooted , fluttering from the branches of an oak to a maple . 
 the leaves of the trees were a bright green against the dark night . 
 nothing else stirred , not even a mouse emerged . 
 it seemed that even the animals sensed the gloom in the air and did not want to come out . 
 reaching the end of the road , they made a right toward the large rotary marking the center of town . 
 from the giant rotary five roads branched off , leading toward back streets and residential homes . 
 but the first fifty to a hundred feet of each road was packed with stores , restaurants , and bars . 
 they finally reached the streetlights that lit the sidewalks and roads . 
 a few cars were driving around the rotary , their headlights bounced across the pavement , music filtered from their open windows . 
 people wandered the streets , enjoying the places still open at this time of night . 
 though it was almost nine , there was still a large crowd gathered around b 's and s 's . 
 the front of the burger place was bright against the dark night . 
 an old wooden sign hung from the side of the building , the name burger 's and shake 's was spelled out in bright red lettering . 
 burger 's and shake 's was n't a very original name , but it was the two things the restaurant did best . 
 it was also the two things that most people stuck to , as the rest of the menu was a little iffy at times . 
 that was the main reason why b 's and s 's had been designated the teen hang out for the past twenty years , as people over the age of twenty one rarely ate there again . 
 `` what do you guys want ? '' 
 chris asked , removing his arms from their shoulders . 
 `` strawberry shake and fries , '' cassie answered . 
 `` garden salad , but make sure that it is freshly washed , and no dressing , '' melissa told him . 
 chris and cassie rolled their eyes . 
 chris was still shaking his head as he wound his way swiftly through the crowd gathered around the outdoor picnic tables . 
 it would n't be long before the tables were taken in , and the outdoor area was closed for the winter . 
 until then , everyone was enjoying the last bit of good weather that september had to offer . 
 cassie and melissa made their way to one of the few empty tables in the back . 
 eager greetings followed their every step as people turned toward them . 
 they returned them politely , but neither of them stopped to talk . 
 cassie barely got her butt on the seat before marcy hodgins , the class president , was standing beside her . 
 `` hey cassie , i was wondering if you had started planning for the homecoming dance . '' 
 cassie fought the urge to groan and roll her eyes . 
 she had been head of the dance committee since freshman year , but every year it became harder and harder to find the time to dedicate to planning the dances . 
 and this year she simply did n't feel like doing it at all . 
 she had not planned on running for the dance committee again , but earlier this year she had been automatically voted in . 
 `` homecoming is n't for another two months marcy , '' she gently reminded the girl . 
 marcy fidgeted slightly , her hands clasped and unclasped before her as cassie 's answer obviously irked her . 
 `` yes , but it will need a theme , decorations , fliers . '' 
 cassie sighed heavily . 
 `` maybe you should just find someone else this year ... '' `` but you 're the best ! '' 
 marcy interrupted loudly . 
 `` you did a great job last year , and now that we 're seniors do n't you think we deserve the best memories possible ! '' 
 cassie shot melissa , a just shoot me now , look . 
 melissa smiled brightly , annoyingly , in return . 
 `` of course i do marcy , but i 'm really busy this year ... '' `` i 'll get you more help ! '' 
 cassie did n't know if she wanted to scream in frustration , rip her hair out , or throttle the obtuse girl . 
 instead , she shoved all of her irritation aside , and forced a bright smile . 
 `` i 'll work on it marcy . '' 
 `` let me know if you need anything , anything at all . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` also , i do have a few ideas for themes that i would love to run by you . 
 maybe we can get together after school tomorrow to discuss them . '' 
 cassie 's hands clenched as she tried hard to keep a tight hold on her patience . 
 marcy meant well , but sometimes her ocd was enough to drive a saint to murder , and cassie was far from a saint . 
 she glanced at melissa again , silently pleading for some sort of reprieve , but it came in the form of chris as he dumped their food on the table . 
 `` hey marcy , '' he muttered absently , his mind on the food he was rapidly dolling out . 
 marcy 's pretty face flooded with color as she ducked her head shyly . 
 cassie lifted an eyebrow , she turned to melissa who grinned brightly back at her . 
 `` well ... i uh ... i have to go , but i 'll talk to you tomorrow , ok cass ? '' 
 marcy stammered out . 
 `` of course , '' cassie replied happily , glad to be free of the girl and amused by her obvious crush on chris . 
 marcy made a hasty retreat back to the table of girls she had been sitting with . 
 cassie turned eagerly back to chris . 
 he looked as if he was trying to solve the problems of the world , his eyebrows drawn tightly together in concentration . 
 his attention was focused upon the shakes as he lifted the lid on one before plopping it down in front of her . 
 `` i think someone has a crush on you , '' she teased lightly . 
 `` huh , what ? '' 
 he glanced up , a handful of fries , her fries , already halfway to his mouth . 
 before he could eat them all , cassie surreptitiously slid her plate away from him as he scanned the dwindling crowd . 
 `` who ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` marcy . '' 
 chris 's frown deepened as he looked toward the girl who was determinedly not looking their way again . 
 `` short brunette just speaking to me , '' cassie reminded him . 
 chris snapped out of his food trance as he grinned down at her . 
 `` no way , marcy 's to prim and proper , likes the more refined guys . '' 
 `` well you are definitely not refined , but she does have a crush on you , '' melissa insisted . 
 `` why , did you see something in my future ? '' 
 he asked eagerly . 
 melissa rolled her eyes as she shook her head . 
 `` i am not your crystal ball chris . '' 
 he rolled his eyes at her as he propped his leg on the bench . 
 striking a pose , he rested his arm on his leg , and gazed intent at marcy . 
 `` very sexy with the mouthful of fries , '' cassie teased . 
 `` you know it . '' 
 he flashed a bright grin as he popped more fries in his mouth and sucked noisily on his shake . 
 `` do n't you think she 's a little much ? '' 
 his blue eyes twinkled merrily as he shook back his disheveled hair . 
 `` i 'm a teenage boy cassandra , there is no such thing as a little much to me . 
 all girls are acceptable . '' 
 `` ugh ! '' 
 melissa and cassie both groaned as cassie threw a fry at him . 
 he dodged it easily , catching it before it hit the ground and popping it into his mouth . 
 `` you 're gross , '' she told him laughingly . 
 `` but you love me . '' 
 she could n't argue with that . 
 turning away from him , she focused her attention on her greasy fries , and delicious shake . 
 cassie glanced across the table ; melissa had a distant look on her face as she poked absently at a cucumber . 
 to any passersby it simply appeared as if melissa was n't hungry , but cassie knew that melissa 's concentration was actually fixed upon something that no one else could see . 
 this was not one of her fleeting glimpses of the future either , but a full premonition of something to come . 
 it was one of the premonitions that took melissa over , and held her hostage until it was done . 
 a chill ran down cassie 's spine , she hated these moments . 
 they always left melissa drained , and with an old , knowing look in her eyes that went far past her seventeen years . 
 chris leaned slightly forward , his handful of french-fries forgotten as he studied melissa intently , worry etched his brow . 
 melissa shook her head , she broke free of the claws hooked into her as her onyx eyes snapped into focus again . 
 she did not seem as beat down by this vision as she was by many of the others , but a secret look lingered in her dark eyes . 
 `` did you see my death ? '' 
 chris inquired like he always did when one of these premonitions seized hold of her in his presence . 
 she smiled at him , shaking back her black hair as she popped a cucumber in her mouth . 
 `` not this time . '' 
 chris shrugged as he ran a hand through his shaggy hair . 
 `` just remember , if you ever do see it , you had better tell me . '' 
 `` you would n't want to know , '' cassie and melissa replied simultaneously . 
 they grinned at each other across the table . 
 `` you owe me a coke , '' melissa quipped . 
 `` you do n't drink coke . '' 
 `` you owe me something then . '' 
 melissa chewed on her cucumber before grabbing a tomato . 
 cassie studied her questioningly , wondering what melissa had seen , but she did n't really want to know . 
 the thought of knowing scared her . 
 besides , melissa would not tell them , not unless their lives were on the line . 
 and even then , cassie did n't want to know what melissa saw , not unless there was a way to stop it . 
 and most of the time , there was n't . 
 it was very rare that melissa ever saw anything she wanted to , but she had no choice as her `` gift '' overtook her whenever it wanted . 
 although , to be fair , cassie had to admit she was a little disappointed she had n't inherited a `` gift '' like chris and melissa had . 
 apparently they ran rampant through the hunter line , but for some reason cassie had come up short . 
 she definitely would not want the ability to see the future , like melissa , for she did n't want to bare that cross , and she was n't sure that she could handle it . 
 but she would n't have minded chris 's talent of being able to read people , to know what they were feeling , and to know who and what they were , good or bad , upon meeting them . 
 and unlike melissa , chris was able to keep people blocked out , and control his ability if he wanted to . 
 but then , any ability would have been better than the nothing she had been given . 
 well , unless she counted her ability to fight , and fight well , as a gift . 
 and she was a good fighter , she was even better than chris and melissa . 
 but , to her , that was not a gift . 
 she did n't care if the people she killed were no longer human , it bothered her to kill at all , and it bothered her even more that she was outstanding at it . 
 it was a fact that wore at her every day , slowly eating at her spirit . 
 she sometimes wondered if that was where the growing hole inside of her had come from ; if that was the reason she had been feeling less and less like herself lately . 
 maybe all of the death and murder that surrounded her had started to take away bits of her soul . 
 whatever it was that was missing , or off in her , she desperately needed to find it , and fix it . 
 she could not keep living like this . 
 she could not keep going on without knowing why she was so lost , and why she could n't shake her misery . 
 she needed to drown out the feverish need for something more that had encompassed her . 
 she needed something to ease the pain that suffused her . 
 she had been living with the emptiness for the last few months , but over the past two weeks it had gotten worse . 
 the hole had become a chasm within her soul , ripping her open , leaving her raw and exposed . 
 she was greatly afraid that if she did n't mend it soon , it would swallow her whole . 
 cassie shoved aside her morose thoughts , sick of them . 
 sick of herself even . 
 wallowing in her misery , and loneliness , was not going to ease it . 
 `` are you going to tell us what you saw ? '' 
 chris demanded , leaning forward on his knee . 
 melissa shook her head as she sat back in her seat , shoving the remains of her salad aside . 
 `` nope , it does n't involve you so there 's no need for you to know about it . '' 
 chris groaned in disappointment , but his frustration did not affect his appetite as he took a big bite of his bacon cheeseburger . 
 grease dropped onto his paper plate but he paid it little mind as his attention focused on marcy again . 
 `` she is cute . '' 
 cassie glanced over at marcy , tilting her head as she studied the petite brunette . 
 despite her over exuberance , she was a pretty girl . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 chris grinned down at her as he shook back his mop of blond hair . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 cassie could n't help but laugh at him , loving the bright sparkle in his sapphire eyes , and the cocky grin that flashed across his handsome face . 
 she leaned against his leg , relishing in the easy comfort , strength , and reassurance he gave her . 
 he had been her best friend , her rock , since she was born . 
 though many people thought they were a couple , or soon would be , there had never been anything other than sibling-like feelings between them . 
 chris patted her back for a brief moment before turning his attention back to his cheeseburger , and marcy . 
 the hair on the back of cassie 's neck suddenly stood up , a tingle swept down her spine that was neither pleasant nor unpleasant . 
 with sudden certainty she knew that someone was staring at her , watching her . 
 straightening away from chris , she frowned as her gaze rapidly scanned the forest , but she could see nothing , and no one , within its dark depths . 
 turning slowly , cassie was surprised to realize that her throat had gone dry , and her heart was trip hammering with excitement . 
 she did n't know what was causing the strange reaction inside her body , but she could n't stop it either . 
 she was certain that there was something out there , and that it was waiting for her . 
 she froze , her gaze latched onto a man standing at the edge of the building closest to the road . 
 he was highlighted by the splash of light pouring out of b 's and s 's , his features indiscernible in the shadows that played over him . 
 he was completely still , his hands shoved into the pockets of his leather jacket . 
 even though the shadows kept him half hidden , she could see the startling , brilliant , emerald green of his eyes . 
 those eyes were oddly alight in the dark surrounding him , a dark that caressed his hard , unmoving body . 
 to cassie 's utter amazement , the world around her suddenly ground to an abrupt halt . 
 everything around her fell away , the crowd disappeared ; chris and melissa no longer existed as he became the central point of her world . 
 all she could see , all she could feel , was him . 
 he was inside of her , flowing through her veins , burning into her extremities , filling her . 
 his presence eased the painful hole she had been living with . 
 though it made no sense to her , and she certainly could n't explain it , he somehow helped to heal everything that had been hurting , and broken , and wrong within her . 
 unknowingly , tears sprang to her eyes . 
 she would be ok ; everything would be ok as long as he was here . 
 the thought blazed into her mind , seared through her heart , and though it seemed crazy she knew that it was completely right . 
 she did n't understand how he made everything right , but he did . 
 she needed him , the realization slammed into her with the force of a sledge hammer . 
 it was a terrifying thought , confusing and unsettling . 
 however , she knew that the thought was completely true . 
 she knew it with the same certainty that she knew she needed air to survive . 
 `` it 's about time , '' melissa said softly . 
 with those three words the world snapped back into frightening , lurching focus . 
 the force of it left cassie stunned and breathless . 
 her hand trembled as she wiped away the single tear that had unknowingly slid down her cheek . 
 she was completely shaken by the bizarre encounter , unnerved , and yet completely exhilarated . 
 though she tried , she could not break eye contact with the stranger . 
 if she looked away it would only reopen the giant hole within her . 
 he did n't seem to want to look away either , as his eyes never left hers . 
 his piercing gaze kept her pinned to the spot . 
 though she had no special gifts , no abilities like chris and melissa , she knew instantly that her life would never be the same again . 
 she knew that the presence of this strange man marked a significant change in her life . 
 complete and utter panic tore through her . 
 chapter 2 `` bout time for what ? '' 
 chris asked , sucking fiercely at his chocolate shake as he lifted a dark blond eyebrow quizzically at melissa . 
 `` oh , uh , it 's about time to go , '' melissa answered absently . 
 she neatly wiped her hands before tossing her napkin aside . 
 cassie spun wildly in her seat , desperately needing to flee , needing to run . 
 she had to get as far away from here , and him , as possible . 
 `` yes it is , '' she eagerly agreed . 
 leaping to her feet , she ignored the surprised looks that both melissa and chris shot her . 
 she hastily grabbed her tray and tossed the plates haphazardly onto it . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 chris cried as she grabbed his few remaining fries and threw them onto the heap . 
 `` it 's late , we have to go , '' she said urgently , her voice trembling slightly . 
 to her utter surprise , and horror , so were her hands . 
 what was the matter with her ? 
 she did n't know this man ; she did n't know that he meant anything to her . 
 she simply knew that he affected her on a physical level , so why was she acting like a loony ? 
 why was she so certain that he was going to drastically change her life ? 
 she had no way of knowing for sure , but something inside of her , something instinctual and primal was screaming at her that he would . 
 and that was something that she did not want to happen . 
 it was something she could not allow to happen . 
 her life had already been turned upside down once ; she could n't go through it again , she did n't think she was strong enough to survive it . 
 just four short years ago she had been a perfectly happy thirteen year old girl . 
 now she was a hunter , spending far too much time in cemeteries , and killing vampires . 
 vampires for crying out loud ! 
 they were something she had thought of as a myth , something made up for movies and books in order to entertain people , or scare them . 
 they certainly were n't anything she had ever considered real . 
 neither had she ever entertained the notion that she would be expected to kill them , all the while knowing that she would inevitably lose the fight one day . 
 no , she absolutely did not want her life to change drastically again . 
 she had just gotten it straightened out , just gotten it to the point where she could accept her heritage , even if she did n't like it . 
 and she knew that this man could completely change her life . 
 she had wanted a change , something different , but not this , not this big , and not him . 
 and she knew that his presence would be a big change . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` i 'm tired , '' she interrupted melissa sharply . 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 melissa 's questioning onyx eyes gleamed in the light , but she bit lightly into her lower lip as she refrained from saying anything more . 
 cassie 's heart beat fiercely as she hurried to the trashcan . 
 `` my fries , '' chris mourned morosely . 
 `` i 'll buy you two batches next time ! '' 
 she snapped , immediately feeling guilty for her angry retort . 
 chris 's eyes widened slightly but he did n't say anything more . 
 apparently he had decided that sacrificing his fries was far better than arguing with her further . 
 it was a good decision as she felt half crazed at the moment . 
 though cassie tried to ignore it , she could feel the stranger 's eyes burning into her with every step she took . 
 her hands were shaking ; her heart pounded loudly in her ears , and her throat was so dry that she could hardly swallow . 
 she could not deal with this , not right now . 
 the strange sensations pounding through her were causing her composure to unravel . 
 something was going to happen , and he was going to be the cause of it . 
 she did n't know if that something was going to be good or bad though , could not sort through it , not with the emotions careening wildly through her . 
 she could not handle losing everything that she had ever known , ever thought , felt , and believed all over again . 
 yet , deep in the very marrow of her bones she knew that this strange man could do all of those things , and more , if she allowed him to . 
 she was not about to let him though . 
 `` what put you in a pissy mood all of a sudden ? '' 
 chris mumbled . 
 cassie shot him a dark look as she started to push him in the opposite direction of the man . 
 she did n't trust herself to look back and see if he was still standing there . 
 she was afraid that she would stand , frozen like a deer in the headlights , if she looked at him again . 
 she was afraid she would be lost to the startling force of the stranger 's magnetic gaze once more . 
 `` i just want to go home . '' 
 `` well , you 're going in the wrong direction ! '' 
 chris protested , trying to twist away from her shoving hands . 
 cassie looked helplessly at melissa , needing some assistance from somewhere , but melissa was not looking at her . 
 in fact , her attention was riveted upon the spot where cassie had last seen the man . 
 melissa glanced sharply back at cassie , her eyes narrowed slightly as she took in cassie 's frantic expression . 
 chris pulled away from her , shaking his head in disgust . 
 `` women , '' he muttered . 
 `` i 'll never understand them . '' 
 cassie stared after him as he stalked a few feet away , heading toward the man still half hidden in the shadows of the building . 
 chris turned back to them , tapping his foot impatiently as he folded his arms over his broad chest . 
 `` are you coming or not ? '' 
 he demanded irritably , obviously still aggravated with her for being snippy , and throwing away his fries . 
 cassie glanced pleadingly at melissa but her attention was still focused upon the strange man . 
 cassie wanted to reach out to her , to hide behind her , to seek protection from her , but she found herself unable to move . 
 she could still feel his gaze upon her , pinning her to the spot , burning into her soul . 
 melissa turned slowly back to her ; a half smile curved her full mouth . 
 `` come on cassie , it 's getting late , '' she said , her voice irritatingly bright . 
 cassie stared helplessly at her . 
 she wished she could understand what was going on , why this man made her feel so strange and excited and frenzied . 
 she desperately wished that she could go back in time , wished that she had never come to b 's and s 's tonight . 
 she wished for many , many things , but none of them were going to come true within the next minute . 
 and even if they did come true , she had the unsettling feeling that he still would have found her . 
 that he still would have walked into her life . 
 that realization did nothing to ease the tight knot of anxiety crushing her chest . 
 no matter how much she did n't want to , she had to face this . 
 whatever this was . 
 she had never run from anything before , no matter how much she wanted to , and she was not about to start now . 
 no , she was not a coward , but she was shaking like a leaf . 
 taking a deep breath , she straightened her shoulders , and faked a bravery she did not feel as she fell into step beside melissa . 
 melissa 's gaze was steady upon her , but she did n't ask any questions . 
 chris moved beside them , a dark look in his eyes as he continued to shoot cassie disgruntled looks . 
 for someone that was so good at reading people , he was frustratingly oblivious to her emotions right now . 
 clenching her hands tight , her nails dug into her palms as they moved swiftly toward the corner of the building . 
 though she tried hard to fight it , her gaze was drawn back to the stranger as surely as a magnet was drawn to metal . 
 he stood silently amongst the shadows , but the light from b 's and s 's was enough to highlight his perfect , hard features . 
 the world seemed to slow again , fading away , blending into nothingness as his presence filled her universe . 
 like a black hole , she could not resist falling into him , becoming lost to him as she was sucked in . 
 he was the moon , and she wanted to gravitate toward him as she became trapped within his fierce , compelling pull . 
 and like the moon with the earth , she needed him to survive . 
 and she wanted him ! 
 slowly the hollowness inside her began to mend itself again , she became whole once more . 
 it was right , she was right in a way that she had n't been in so long . 
 he healed all of the hurt and loss and confusion that had been enshrouding her , choking her . 
 suddenly she could n't recall why she would even want to fight against the strong draw he had over her . 
 could n't recall why she should n't just throw herself at him right now . 
 no matter how pathetic and crazy it would be . 
 for some strange reason she was certain that he would not deny her , that in fact he would eagerly accept her in his arms . 
 he was magnificent , his face hard and beautiful all at once . 
 his strong jaw and firm mouth were clenched together , a muscle twitched in his cheek as his emerald eyes blazed into hers . 
 his wavy black hair was wind tossed and disheveled as it fell around his chiseled face . 
 the boyishness of his tussled hair added an almost vulnerable air to him that she was sure he did not possess . 
 shifting slightly , his lithe muscles flexed and flowed fluidly beneath his jacket and the tight black t-shirt he wore . 
 he reminded her of a dark panther , lurking within the shadows , hunting its prey . 
 for that brief moment she truly enjoyed the fact that she seemed to be his prey . 
 it became difficult to breathe through the anticipatory constriction in her chest ; her skin tingled with the fierce urge to touch him . 
 `` hey , '' chris greeted , nodding to the stranger . 
 chris slowed slightly , his head tilted to the side as he studied the man curiously , apparently trying to get a read on him . 
 the man nodded back , but his gaze did n't leave hers . 
 cassie could not stop herself from slowing her pace , her body tensed as she moved past . 
 she had to force herself not to stop , not to reach out and touch him , not to run her fingers through that thick , tempting hair . 
 her body was alive with electricity ; her nerves sparked and fired , thrumming with her fierce desire to feel him . 
 for a moment she thought that he was going to touch her as he moved subtly again , his body coming within centimeters of hers . 
 every molecule inside her screamed for his touch , she needed his touch . 
 though the two of them did not make contact , she could still feel the warmth of his skin against hers . 
 instinctively , she knew that to touch him would be the most exquisite thing she would ever experience . 
 she had never imagined that she would feel like this about someone . 
 she had never thought it was possible to be this lost , and found , all at once . 
 and she had been found . 
 he had found her , and he was not going to let her go . 
 the thought was frightening , as was the certainty that immediately followed it . 
 `` cassie ! 
 cassie ! '' 
 the call of her name was like a bucket of ice thrown onto her . 
 it slammed her harshly back to reality . 
 the strange spell shattered around her , snapping her head around as her gaze focused upon marcy . 
 for the first time , cassie was actually thankful for marcy 's obsessive , overeager ways . 
 she needed a reprieve from the stranger in order to gather her wits again , and calm the racing of her fiercely pounding heart . 
 marcy thrust a piece of paper at her as she came to an abrupt halt in front of cassie . 
 her leaf green eyes were bright and enthusiastic as she grinned up at cassie , her pretty face aglow in the light coming from the restaurant . 
 `` my cell number , call me later so that we can go over some ideas . '' 
 cassie stared at the paper , unable to fully form a coherent response . 
 she managed a brief nod as she shoved it into her pocket . 
 `` hey marcy , '' chris greeted , nodding to her as he grinned brightly . 
 marcy turned five shades of red , a bashful smile spread across her lips as she ducked her head . 
 chris 's grin grew even wider ; he folded his arms over his chest and rocked back slightly on his heels . 
 melissa rolled her eyes , shoving at him as she pushed him forward a step . 
 `` you can flirt some other time , '' she muttered , soft enough so that marcy could n't hear . 
 `` tomorrow , '' marcy said quickly before hurrying away . 
 cassie glanced briefly back at the man , not surprised to find his gaze still focused intently upon her . 
 she thought that she should be unnerved , or even a little frightened by his intense scrutiny of her , she was n't . 
 in fact , she was still thoroughly excited and entranced by it . 
 she found herself unable , and unwilling to move for a moment , but chris tugged her sharply forward , his displeasure with her still apparent . 
 the man quirked a dark eyebrow at her , but other than that he remained completely still . 
 she allowed herself to be pulled away , not because she wanted to leave , or flee from this stranger anymore . 
 no , she allowed herself to be pulled forward simply because she did n't know what else to do . 
 and no matter how much she wanted to , she could not stand there gaping at the stranger like a complete idiot . 
 which is exactly what she looked like . 
 cassie shook her head , tearing her gaze away from the man . 
 the odd sense of loss encompassed her once more , but it was not as suffocating this time . 
 she chanced a quick glance back at him , not surprised to find that he had turned to watch them leave . 
 there was a hungry gleam in his emerald eyes that sent a shiver of fear and desire down her spine . 
 he looked like he wanted to devour her , and she found that she did n't mind that thought at all . 
 in fact , she thought she might like being devoured by him . 
 that fact just confused and flustered her even more . 
 she should n't want this , but she did . 
 *** cassie slid the window open and leaned on the sill as she met chris 's twinkling gaze . 
 `` why do n't you just use the door ? '' 
 he shrugged as he heaved himself through the window . 
 as big and muscular as he was , he was surprisingly agile and graceful . 
 it was why he was the star of the football team . 
 well that , and his enhanced speed and strength gave him an advantage . 
 `` the window 's more fun . '' 
 cassie shook her head as she closed the window again , leaving it slightly cracked to allow the cool september air to flow through . 
 chris moved swiftly around the room , he plopped down on her bed and crossed his long legs before him . 
 resting his elbow on his knee , he snatched the remote up and turned on the tv . 
 though he flipped idly through the channels , his easy demeanor was belied by the fierce tension she sensed running through him . 
 sighing softly , she walked over to sit beside him . 
 she did n't have to ask what was wrong she knew it was his mother again . 
 if he wished to talk about it , he would . 
 if not , they would sit silently until he was ready to go to sleep on the air mattress tucked under the bed for him . 
 `` is your grandma home ? '' 
 he inquired softly . 
 his gaze was focused on the tv , but most of his attention was on her . 
 `` no , she went to the church social tonight . 
 there 's left over lasagna in the fridge for you if you want some . '' 
 he shrugged , setting the remote down as he found the red sox game . 
 `` someone did take my fries , '' he muttered . 
 cassie could n't help but grin as she shoved lightly on his arm . 
 `` there were only a few left . '' 
 `` the last ones are always the best . '' 
 laughing softly , she pushed him again . 
 `` do you want me to heat some for you ? '' 
 she inquired though she knew that was exactly what he was trying to guilt her into doing . 
 he turned to her , smiling softly as he nodded . 
 `` think you owe me . '' 
 cassie climbed to her feet , shaking her head at him . 
 `` you 're lucky i love you . '' 
 he flashed his bright grin with the easy charm that most girls could n't resist . 
 `` you 'd better ! '' 
 cassie was still shaking her head as she made her way downstairs . 
 she may have been born an only child , but she still had an annoying , two week older brother . 
 finding her way easily through the darkened halls she entered the kitchen . 
 she did n't bother with the lights , she could see almost as well with the lights off as she could with them on . 
 she pulled the door of the fridge open and removed the hefty piece of lasagna her grandmother had set aside for chris . 
 un-wrapping it , she tossed it into the microwave and hit the buttons . 
 leaning against the sink , she stared out at the dark night , her mind not on the street before her , but on the strange man from earlier . 
 she had done nothing but think about him since arriving home . 
 he preoccupied her every thought , her every moment . 
 she could not get him out of her head , could not rid her skin of the strange electricity he had created in her . 
 her body hummed with a fierce need to see him again , to touch him , and to finally ease the tension knotted through her . 
 instinctively she knew that if she could just see him again , just touch him , than things would be better . 
 she could not shake the feeling of rightness that had filled her from the moment she laid eyes upon him . 
 it was as if she knew him , as if her very soul knew his . 
 the thought filled her with excitement , but also with a level of fear that she could n't shake . 
 she should n't feel this way about someone she did n't know . 
 it made no sense to feel this intense of a connection with a complete stranger . 
 though she tried to remain logical , she could not shake the certainty that what she felt was right and good . 
 she hated it when chris came to her house lost and angry , however she was grateful for the distraction he now offered from her strange thoughts and emotions . 
 but now that she was alone again , the stranger was back on her mind , back in her system . 
 she was truly afraid that she would never feel normal again until she touched him , and knew exactly how he felt . 
 though she already knew he would feel exquisite . 
 if she saw him again . 
 the thought of never seeing him again sent her heart racing in fear . 
 cassie shook her head fiercely , desperately trying to rid herself of her strange , irrational thoughts . 
 she was acting crazy , she was feeling crazy . 
 maybe everything that had happened to her over the past four years had finally caused her to lose her mind . 
 ` how many people could actually know of the existence of vampire 's , and fight them , and not go a little crazy ? ' 
 she wondered absently . 
 not many . 
 something moved amongst the shadows , drawing her gaze sharply back to the street . 
 the shadows shifted again , moving slightly before settling down once more . 
 cassie focused intently upon them , but they did n't move again , and nothing emerged from the copse of trees at the edge of the yard . 
 the sudden beep of the microwave caused her to jump in surprise , spinning her toward the machine . 
 she shook her head , aggravated with herself for allowing someone to affect her this much . 
 and a stranger no less . 
 she did n't know him , what she felt for him could not be real , and he should not be affecting her this way . 
 hell , she did n't even know his name . 
 grabbing the lasagna from the microwave , she cast another glance out the window . 
 nothing moved amongst the shadows , but chris 's mom had come onto her porch . 
 she held a beer bottle in one hand , a cigarette in the other , as she stared into space . 
 a man emerged behind her ; he wrapped his arm tightly around her waist . 
 cassie had never seen him before , but then , she rarely saw any of mary 's men twice in a row . 
 the man explained why chris was here tonight . 
 shaking her head , she hurried back upstairs , eager to get the food to chris . 
 she was also eager to help ease some of the hurt that clung to him , eager to try and bury some of her own swirling emotions . 
 she swung into her room , not at all surprised to find the air mattress already set up . 
 `` thanks , '' he muttered as he took the plate from her . 
 cassie nodded and plopped herself onto the bed beside him . 
 this was going to be one of the nights that chris did n't want to speak ; one of the nights when he had no words to convey his unhappiness . 
 that was just fine by her , she was n't much in the mood for talking either , but there was one thing that she had to know . 
 `` chris ? '' 
 `` hmm , '' he murmured around a mouthful of lasagna . 
 swallowing nervously , cassie 's hands knotted in her lap . 
 `` do you remember that man from earlier ? '' 
 when he shot her a confused look , she elaborated . 
 `` the one standing next to b 's and s 's ? '' 
 he nodded as he took another large bite of lasagna . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 he inquired when he swallowed . 
 `` did you um , well did you feel anything from him ? '' 
 she hedged . 
 chris 's eyes narrowed on her . 
 she never asked him these questions , never wanted to know anything about what he or melissa knew . 
 but she could not stop herself from asking . 
 she had to know why she could not get the stranger out of her thoughts , and chris might be able to help her with that . 
 `` no , not really , '' he answered slowly . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she turned her attention back to the game , hoping that chris would n't notice or pick up on the anxiety , excitement , and fear wracking through her . 
 `` just wondering , have n't seen him around before . '' 
 it was not a lie , she tried to reassure herself . 
 but she did n't think chris bought it . 
 fortunately , he knew her well enough to know not to push her anymore . 
 sitting silently , she gained some sense of comfort from his steady , reassuring presence . 
 without chris in her life , she had no idea what would have become of her . 
 he kept her sane in a world of madness and confusion . 
 sighing softly , she dropped her head to his shoulder . 
 for the first time all night , she finally began to feel normal again . 
 chapter 3 cassie slid her sunglasses onto the top of her head ; she surveyed the crowded school parking lot as she stepped away from chris 's beat up mustang . 
 though the car looked like junk now , chris planned to restore it to its former nineteen sixty four prestige . 
 cassie had no doubt that he could do it , the only thing she doubted was that he would ever get the time he needed to devote to it . 
 just as he had n't had time for his job once school had started again . 
 not with hunting vampires , thrown in with some school work and football practice . 
 melissa slid out of the car beside her ; her black hair was pulled into a sleek french braid that hung almost to her waist . 
 `` freaking death trap , '' she muttered . 
 `` i heard that ! '' 
 chris shouted from inside as he fiddled with the only thing he had updated in the car , the stereo . 
 disturbed blasted loudly from the large speakers stuffed in the trunk moments before chris popped his head above the roof . 
 `` i 'll have you know that this car is a classic . '' 
 `` more like an antique , '' melissa retorted . 
 he shrugged , dropping his hands on the roof as he leaned forward . 
 `` and one day it 's going to be awesome . '' 
 `` well , until that day , it is a death trap , '' melissa retorted sharply . 
 chris made a face at her before ducking away again and turning the music up more . 
 cassie rolled her eyes ; she heaved a large sigh as she grabbed her backpack and slung it over her shoulder . 
 cars were lined up and down the senior parking lot , music blared from most of them as students tried to outdo the stereos surrounding them . 
 puffs of smoke floated from some cars , drifting into the air in slow tendrils that marked the vehicles . 
 students milled everywhere , calling greetings to their friends as they moved swiftly through the cramped spaces . 
 some juniors had wandered over from the lot below , but most stayed by their own cars , trying hard to make their systems heard over the rising cacophony . 
 cassie usually enjoyed the noise and confusion of the mornings , it helped to wake her up . 
 but today she found herself wishing that everyone would keep their music at a normal level , and their voices pitched below screaming . 
 she had gotten very little sleep , and the dull throbbing in her temples was a constant reminder of that fact . 
 `` i 'm going in , '' she muttered to melissa . 
 melissa frowned at her . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 cassie frowned as she nodded and pulled her glasses back over her tired , aching eyes . 
 `` i did n't sleep well , and that sun is awfully bright . '' 
 `` yeah , it tends to be . '' 
 cassie did n't have the energy to come up with a witty retort as she tightened her grip on the straps of her bag and made her way into the crowd . 
 people called out loud greetings to her that she returned with a forced smile , and a cheery demeanor she did n't feel . 
 her skin was still oddly electrified to the point that she wanted to rip it off , her mind still focused upon one clinging thought . 
 him . 
 being bright , cheery , and happy was not in her today , but she did a good job of faking it . 
 swiftly climbing the steps , she was grateful when she reached the cool interior of the dimly lit foyer . 
 the shade felt much nicer against her skin and eyes than the hot , bright sun . 
 on days when she was run down , the sun was oddly draining , and painful to her . 
 it stung her eyes more , and made her skin feel tight and itchy . 
 she had never understood it , but that was the way it was . 
 it was easier to avoid sunlight when she was overtired . 
 and she was most certainly tired today . 
 a sophomore boy held the door open for her , making a grand , sweeping gesture that brought the first true smile to her face . 
 with few students in the halls , it was far easier to move as she gathered her things from her locker and strolled to homeroom . 
 *** devon stood silently in the shadows , leaning against the cool wall as he watched her move slowly down the hall . 
 her head was bent forward ; her golden hair cascaded in thick waves to the small of her back . 
 though he could n't see her face , the utter perfection of her beautiful , delicate features had been burned into his memory last night . 
 cassie , he recalled the small girl from last night calling her . 
 sighing softly , he stepped away from the wall as she disappeared into one of the near empty classrooms . 
 he did n't know what he was doing here , he had never stepped foot in a high school before . 
 he had never had any intention of ever doing so . 
 but for some reason , somehow , he found himself standing amongst the stark , foreign halls . 
 well , he knew the reason , and it was her . 
 ever since he had first laid eyes on her , first smelled her , he had been inexplicably drawn in . 
 he had been passing through town , heading for the woods in search of food , when he had caught her scent . 
 the blood flowing through her veins was strong , its fragrance deliciously alluring . 
 it had reeled him in like a fish on a hook , snagging hold of him and refusing to let go . 
 she had been a bright beacon against the dark night encompassing her . 
 though he had n't fed off a human in a very long time , he had been unable to resist the appeal of her enticing aroma . 
 he was so ensnared by it that he had n't been able to wander far from her since he had first seen her . 
 somehow , strangely , she was a shining light against the darkness residing in him , and he had to get closer to her . 
 though he had not wanted to come here , he 'd had to see her again in order to try and figure out the strange hold she had over him , or to see if he had just imagined it . 
 he had neither figured it out , nor had he been imagining it . 
 in fact , her pull over him felt even stronger today . 
 hence , why he was here , and why he had stood outside of her house last night for a bit . 
 there was a wealth of sadness in her , a longing and need that called to him . 
 it touched something in him , sparked to life something that he had thought cold and dead centuries ago . 
 hell , she touched something that he had n't even known he possessed . 
 it had taken him awhile to name the strange emotion building inside him , and it had shocked him when he finally recognized it as hope . 
 seeing her again now , he felt the strange hope once more , and a strange spark of life that kept him rooted in place . 
 she made it damn near impossible to even think as he struggled with the astonishing feelings threatening to consume him . 
 he had not felt like this since annabelle . 
 had not felt this pull , and need , and ... obsession ? 
 yes , it was definitely obsession he felt for this girl , but it was different from what he had felt for annabelle . 
 this felt good , it felt right . 
 this girl affected him in such a different way than annabelle had . 
 he had simply had to have annabelle , had to possess her , had to break her , but this girl ... this girl he wanted to protect and hold and cherish for some unknown reason . 
 this girl made him feel oddly alive again , almost normal , almost human even . 
 he did n't understand her hold over him , but he could not fight the sensations pulling at him . 
 no , this girl was completely different than annabelle . 
 with annabelle it had been a game , one that had changed him forever . 
 but last night , when this girl had turned to him , his heart had leapt in his chest , or at least it had felt like it for a moment . 
 he had not thought of his heart or the missing beat of it in centuries , because he had not felt anything in the region of his heart in years . 
 however , he swore he could hear it beating now , could almost feel it pulsing blood through his deadened veins once more . 
 this girl was beautiful , spectacular , perfect , but it was not her looks that captivated him . 
 it was the splendor of her wounded , bright spirit . 
 though she radiated loss and loneliness , he also sensed a steel rod of strength and pride running through her . 
 looking upon her , seeing her , he instantly felt as if he were complete , as if he had found his home . 
 somehow , in her , he had found the one person that could make everything all right . 
 he knew with absolute certainty that she could ease the aching loneliness that had eaten at his soul for centuries . 
 that had nearly destroyed him time and time again . 
 he did not understand his strange reaction to her . 
 in all his many years , he had never felt anything like what he suddenly felt for her . 
 after all of his time on earth , he had never expected to be shocked or thrown off balance again . 
 he had thought that he had seen it all , that he knew it all . 
 he had been wrong . 
 he was completely thrown off balance now . 
 he was unsettled and enchanted by this girl , a teenage girl no less . 
 he needed to know more about her , see more of her . 
 he needed to understand the strange effect she had upon him . 
 he needed her to ease the ache that filled his deadened spirit , and he knew that she could do it . 
 he watched silently as the halls began to fill up , the chatter and laughter grew louder as students milled about . 
 lockers opened and slammed as they prepared for the day . 
 he found himself oddly captivated by the simplicity of their lives , amazed by the easy flow of their days . 
 it was something that he had never witnessed before as he tended to stay away from humans , and the allure of their warm blood , and pumping hearts . 
 though he had control over his baser , more murderous instincts , he felt it best to avoid temptation as much as possible . 
 and humans were a great temptation , no matter how much control he had now . 
 even after all of these years , he could still clearly recall the taste of their warm blood , recall the thrill of the hunt , and remember the surge of power that their deaths had brought to him . 
 however , no matter how much of a temptation their blood was , he had been drawn here by her , and he was loath to leave her now . 
 slipping from the shadows , he ignored the startled looks his sudden emergence caused the students closest to him . 
 he sensed the fear , curiosity , and lust that followed his movements . 
 ignoring them all , he became intent upon his goal as he made his way toward the offices he had seen at the front of the building . 
 if he was going to stay close to her , and get to know her better , than there was only one thing he could do . 
 he glanced around the crowded hallways , ignoring the fluttering beat of the hearts surrounding him as he took in the people that he would be spending the rest of the day with . 
 chapter 4 cassie played idly with the pages of her notebook as the principal droned on about the daily announcements . 
 she honestly did n't know if she was going to make it through this day . 
 she was wound tight as a spring and about ready to snap . 
 closing her eyes , she folded her arms and dropped her head on the desk , stifling a yawn . 
 chris shot her a questioning look , but she ignored it as she allowed her eyes to drift shut . 
 the morning announcements finally came to an end and attendance began . 
 cassie shot her hand up , not bothering to lift her head when her name was called . 
 chatter started up the minute that attendance was over . 
 homework was discussed ; plans for the weekend were made in the few minutes left before the day started . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 cassie opened her eyes , her lids felt like lead as she met chris 's worried gaze . 
 `` fine , just a little tired , '' she assured him . 
 the class suddenly quieted , a strange silence settled over everyone . 
 cassie frowned at the startled look that came over chris 's face . 
 he froze where he was , his hand tightened upon her desk as his eyes became riveted upon the front of the class . 
 a feeling of foreboding stole through her . 
 the strange tingling sensation once again raced down her spine . 
 her already frayed nerve endings leapt to blazing life , seeming to sizzle and crack with electricity . 
 she remained frozen , unable to lift her head to see what had captivated everyone 's attention ; she was certain she already knew . 
 she just was n't certain how she was going to deal with it . 
 swallowing heavily , she tried hard to rid her throat of the fierce lump that had lodged itself there . 
 taking a deep breath , she gathered all of her courage , and whatever strength she had left , to lift her head . 
 her eyes instantly found him at the front of the classroom . 
 her heart leapt like a trapped bird in her ribcage at the sight of his powerful body that seemed so out of place in the classroom . 
 her classroom ! 
 it took her a moment to truly comprehend that he was really there , that she had not fallen asleep , and that she was not dreaming about him . 
 she had to be awake though , for she could never dream anything so wonderful , or so frightening . 
 she also never would have dreamed that he was a high school student . 
 he seemed far older than her , or any of her other classmates . 
 he exuded a raw power and confidence that none of them possessed . 
 yet he was standing there as if he truly belonged ; standing there as if he did n't look as out of place as a platypus would . 
 even mrs. mann looked slightly flabbergasted as he spoke softly with her , and extended a slip of paper to her . 
 cassie stared at the paper as she struggled to get her wildly spinning mind focused upon something other than the snapping of her body , and his startling presence in her normally calm day . 
 with a bolt of certainty she knew that she was never going to have another calm day again . 
 he turned slowly away from mrs. mann , his bright emerald eyes instantly latching upon her . 
 cassie inhaled sharply , tears once again flooding her eyes as a sense of peace and rightness stole through her . 
 she wanted to cry , wanted to sob with the joy that suffused her entire being . 
 she wanted nothing more than to go to him and bury herself within his embrace . 
 his gaze did not leave hers ; his eyes were bright and fierce . 
 he did not look at anyone else in the class as mrs. mann cleared her throat to get everyone 's attention . 
 but everyone 's interest was focused upon the stranger in their midst . 
 few new students ever moved to their small town , let alone one that was as strangely fascinating , and magnificent , as he was . 
 he would be the center of attention for the rest of the year . 
 `` class , i would like to introduce you to devon knight . '' 
 something flickered in his eyes ; a small smile curved his full mouth as he finally turned his gaze to the rest of the students . 
 that strange sense of loss suffused her again as his gaze left hers , but she found herself finally able to inhale once more . 
 with the connection broken , panic set in as a crushing sense of being trapped descended upon her . 
 she could not be stuck here with him ; she could not be forced into a destiny that she did not want again . 
 and she did not want this , whatever it was , she told herself fiercely . 
 even though she secretly feared that she did . 
 `` you are lucky devon ; we have plenty of people in this class who would be more than happy to show you around . '' 
 cassie slid further down in her desk , trying hard to become invisible as mrs. mann 's gaze scanned the classroom . 
 the last thing she wanted was to be chosen for this task . 
 `` melissa , would you be willing to show devon around ? '' 
 relief and disappointment crashed through cassie in fierce waves that left her shaken and unsettled . 
 melissa stiffened slightly , her shoulders tightened in front of cassie . 
 `` of course , '' she replied pleasantly . 
 the bell rang , but nobody leapt to their feet as they all remained focused upon him . 
 `` have a good day everyone , '' mrs. mann announced loudly . 
 the enrapt trance seemed to snap as everyone moved into action . 
 melissa turned to cassie , a strange gleam in her onyx eyes . 
 `` would you like to join us ? '' 
 cassie opened her mouth to answer , but no words would come out . 
 she snapped it closed , and shook her head fiercely . 
 she lurched to her feet , knocking her chair back . 
 both chris and melissa studied her in surprise as she scooped up her bag , and flung it over her shoulder . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` i have to go , i 'll see you later , '' she interrupted abruptly . 
 her gaze darted back to the front of the class , where he was standing patiently , his eyes still focused on her . 
 cassie bent her head , afraid to stare at him much longer in case she got sucked in by him again . 
 if she did , she knew she would never escape . 
 keeping her head down , she joined the crush of students pushing into the crowded hallway . 
 she hurried down the hall , barely acknowledging the greetings she received . 
 pushing her way into the bathroom she ignored the girls huddled by the window smoking cigarettes . 
 they did n't acknowledge her presence either . 
 turning the faucet on , cassie eagerly splashed her face with cold water . 
 she was trying hard not to spill the tears that burned fiercely against the backs of her eyes . 
 she would not cry , she could not cry . 
 if she did she knew she would never stop . 
 turning the water off , she placed her hands on the edge of the sink , gasping in air as she struggled to keep control of her wildly swaying emotions . 
 she wanted to sob over the events that kept throwing her life into a fierce tailspin . 
 that kept knocking her off balance and taking things from her . 
 she wanted to sob for the joy and electricity that still sizzled through her , making her feel whole and alive in a way that she never had before . 
 she wanted to sob in order to purify her spirit of the turmoil that plagued it . 
 she did not know what was going on , but she wanted it to stop . 
 she wanted it to end and for him to go away so that she could feel normal again . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 she glanced up at one of the smoking girls now hovering by her elbow , worry marred her delicate forehead . 
 her hazel eyes were flecked with streaks of gold , and surprisingly caring for a stranger . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' cassie answered shakily . 
 the girl gave her a worried frown as she handed her a wad of paper towels . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 cassie 's hands shook as she took the towels from the younger girl , slightly ashamed to realize that she did n't know her name . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm cassie . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 the girl smiled as she nodded swiftly . 
 her short brown hair , streaked with shades of green , bobbed around her shoulders . 
 `` danielle , but my friends call me dani . '' 
 smiling tremulously , cassie 's hands tightened briefly around the crumpled towels . 
 `` nice to meet you dani , thank you . '' 
 a small smile flitted across the girl 's pretty face before she retreated back to her hazy corner . 
 drying her face slowly , cassie glanced only briefly at her reflection . 
 she already knew that she was a mess , but her frantic , bloodshot eyes were a bit of a shock . 
 she looked half crazed , and it was not a good look on her . 
 there was nothing she could do about her eyes though , she had no eye drops , and she was n't even sure they would help right now . 
 she did n't think anything could help her now . 
 taking a deep breath , she retrieved the backpack she had dumped hastily on the floor . 
 the hall was almost deserted when she poked her head out of the bathroom . 
 she was still shaky and distraught , but at least she did n't feel like she was on the brink of tears anymore . 
 making her way slowly down the hall , she slipped quietly into her history class . 
 people shot her questioning looks as she made her way to her desk , but thankfully no one stopped her . 
 sitting at her desk , cassie dropped her head in her hands . 
 she forced herself to remain seated and not to get up and leave class , and school . 
 though it was a tempting thought , she knew she could not run forever , and apparently he was going to be in her life from now on . 
 or at least in her school . 
 she would have to find another way to deal with the situation other than running . 
 she felt that avoidance would be best . 
 *** devon searched the cafeteria as he made his way swiftly through the thick crowd , melissa led the way . 
 `` no matter what , bring your own lunch on thursdays , the spaghetti is awful , '' she was telling him in between the vast amount of hello 's she received , and returned . 
 `` i just bring my own lunch anyway as they have nothing healthy here , except for apples . '' 
 he turned his attention back to her as she stopped before him , her dark eyes searching his face . 
 she was a nice girl , but the intense way she studied him was more than a little unsettling . 
 he had the strange feeling that she saw more of him than he wanted her to . 
 her head tilted , her exotically slanted eyes narrowed as a small smile flitted over her full mouth . 
 `` thanks for the warning . '' 
 she grinned as she shrugged a dainty shoulder , and made her way back through the crowd . 
 `` the seniors sit in the back of the cafeteria , when it 's not nice enough to sit outside . '' 
 devon hardly paid attention to her as his eyes returned to the mob of students . 
 he could sense her somewhere amongst the crowd ; smell the wonderful aroma she emitted . 
 he had not seen cassie since this morning , when she had fled the classroom in an obvious panic . 
 it was not the reaction he had hoped for from her , but at least he knew that she was feeling something too . 
 he just was n't sure what . 
 the crowd suddenly parted , opening to reveal her . 
 she was sitting at a table , an apple held casually in her hand as she stared up at the boy standing at her side . 
 the boy was tall and muscular , his brown hair curled at the collar of his shirt as he leaned forward , resting his hands on the table . 
 she shook her head at him , placing the apple down as her face hardened slightly . 
 devon did not like the aggravation that emanated from her ; it was more than apparent that she was annoyed by the boy . 
 `` who is that with your friend ? '' 
 devon inquired , trying to sound as casual as possible . 
 melissa glanced toward the table , her eyes narrowed . 
 `` mark young . 
 he 's been chasing cassie since middle school ; unfortunately he does n't take a hint . '' 
 devon stiffened , his eyes narrowed as cassie shook her head more fiercely at mark . 
 he already had enough competition in the form of cassie 's boyfriend for her attention ; he did not need , or want , anymore . 
 `` and her boyfriend does n't do anything about it ? '' 
 though he tried , he was unable to keep the aggravation from his voice . 
 melissa frowned at him ; her dark eyebrows drew tightly together over her petite nose . 
 `` cassie does n't have a boyfriend . '' 
 devon 's eyes widened in surprise , his gaze darted back to the table as the tall blond he had seen with her last night appeared . 
 he nodded briefly to mark before sliding into the seat next to cassie . 
 leaning toward her , he grabbed a handful of fries from her plate . 
 devon would have sworn the two of them were together . 
 hell , the boy had crawled through her bedroom window last night . 
 and he had not come back out . 
 a surprising jolt of anger and jealousy twisted his gut . 
 he had never experienced jealousy before . 
 it was an emotion that had been utterly foreign to him , until now . 
 for most of his existence he had always taken what he wanted , when he wanted it . 
 he did not like the feeling of helplessness that filled him , and anger was an emotion that he could not allow himself to experience . 
 it was an emotion that he had learned to keep tightly under wraps . 
 anger made him volatile , and when he was unstable , innocent people were hurt . 
 devon took a deep breath as he tried to steady the pendulum of emotions that swung through him . 
 he was beginning to realize that this was a giant mistake . 
 he never should have come here ; he should not have placed himself in closer proximity to her . 
 she helped to salve the ache and hurt in his soul , but she also served to unhinge all of the hard work he had done to keep himself under tight restraint . 
 being around cassie unbalanced him . 
 he could not allow that to happen , he could not risk losing control of himself and hurting someone , possibly even her . 
 shockingly , that thought was completely intolerable to him . 
 he would rather destroy himself than see her hurt in anyway , least of all by his own hand . 
 though he knew that he should leave , he could not bring himself to move . 
 he was completely captivated by her as a small smile spread over her full lips and she shoved playfully against the blond sitting beside her . 
 their ease , and obvious affection for each other , made it hard to believe they were n't together . 
 `` then who is that boy beside her ? '' 
 he asked quietly , his voice tight with the tension that pulsed through him . 
 melissa glanced toward the table ; a bright smile lit her exotic face . 
 `` oh , that 's just chris . '' 
 he glanced at her in confusion . 
 `` they 've been best friends since they were born , more like siblings actually . '' 
 an immense , startling sense of relief flooded him as he glanced back at the table . 
 their blond heads were bent close together as they talked . 
 mark , completely forgotten , shook his head and turned away . 
 `` come on , let 's get you some lunch . '' 
 he glanced back at melissa , not surprised to see her shrewd eyes narrowed upon him . 
 he shook his head , not at all interested in the mounds of human food . 
 he only had one interest , only one thing that he wanted to taste in this cafeteria . 
 `` i 'm not hungry . '' 
 she nodded and led him over to the table . 
 chris looked up at him first , his sapphire colored eyes widened slightly as he stopped speaking . 
 cassie 's shoulders stiffened , her back straightened as she seemed to brace herself . 
 very slowly , she turned toward him , her eyes clashing with his . 
 the full force of her gaze rattled him , shaking him to the very marrow of his bones as he once again felt an odd little skip in the deadened area of his heart . 
 she had the most beautiful eyes he had ever seen . 
 they were a bright azure blue with flecks of pure , deep purple speckled throughout . 
 the most pure amethyst could not match the beautiful purple streaks that highlighted her irises . 
 in all of his many years , he had never seen eyes the like . 
 `` cassie , chris , this is devon . '' 
 `` we were in homeroom too melissa , '' chris reminded her gently . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 devon had to force himself to tear his gaze away from cassie as chris thrust his hand out . 
 he took hold of it , noting the thick calluses on chris 's palm as they shook firmly . 
 chris 's eyes darkened slightly , his hand tightened around devon 's as his gaze became sharper , more intense . 
 his face hardened for a moment , the smile slipped swiftly away . 
 melissa stiffened beside him ; she took a small step forward as she reached out to grasp chris 's shoulder . 
 chris shook his head ; his eyes darted away from devon to melissa . 
 pulling his hand away from devon 's , chris turned toward cassie with a small , worried frown . 
 devon stared at them in bewildered confusion , unable to understand what had just happened . 
 for a moment , he could have sworn that chris had looked inside him , had seen something there , and it appeared that he had not liked it . 
 chris slid back in his seat , still frowning as he stared at his tray of food . 
 devon shook his crazy thoughts off , he did n't care what chris thought of him . 
 she was the only one that mattered . 
 cassie was still staring at him , her head tilted slightly to the side as she watched him from slightly wary eyes . 
 she did not extend a hand , did not move as he slid into the seat across from her . 
 well , he thought wryly , at least she was n't bolting like a rabbit again . 
 melissa dropped her lunch on the table ; she dug into the cotton bag as she hummed cheerfully to herself . 
 she seemed happily oblivious to the tension thrumming through them all . 
 `` are you going to eat that ? '' 
 cassie blinked in surprise , looking away from devon as chris leaned over her to point at her brownie . 
 she shook her head , her gaze focused upon the table as she pushed her tray toward him . 
 devon watched her for a few moments more , oddly fascinated by the way the light played over her delicate features . 
 she was stunningly beautiful , but it was not desire for her that drew him to her like a moth to a flame . 
 no , it was simply just her . 
 though he did want her , he wanted even more to be near her , and make sure that she was safe . 
 these protective , tender emotions were new to him , and slightly disconcerting , but he found that he liked them . 
 he wanted them . 
 more students wandered over to them , they dropped their trays down as their chairs squeaked over the linoleum floors . 
 `` man did you see that game last night ? '' 
 one of the newer boys asked chris . 
 `` yeah , '' he mumbled . 
 `` jason , this is devon . '' 
 jason was well built , his letterman 's jacket stretched tight over his broad shoulders . 
 hazel eyes glanced inquisitively at devon as he gave a brief nod . 
 `` hey , '' he greeted absently . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` and this is kara , susan , billy , and david , '' melissa continued , pointing out the four other new people that had joined them . 
 the boys nodded to him , the girls stared with open admiration . 
 he could hear the increase of the girl 's heartbeats ; sense the excitement that enshrouded them as their blood pulsed more rapidly through their veins . 
 his hunger perked slightly , but drawing on his tight self control , he was able to bury it once more . 
 though he was n't sure how much longer he would be able to keep doing that . 
 eventually the hunger would take over , and he would need to feed . 
 he hoped he would be able to make it through the rest of this tiring , draining day first . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 susan asked eagerly , crossing her hands before her as she leaned forward . 
 her brown hair had been highlighted with streaks of light blond and twisted into a lose knot . 
 her light brown eyes were inquisitive and keen . 
 devon lifted an eyebrow , fighting a smile . 
 he was from everywhere , but he was sure that they would not appreciate that answer . 
 `` new york , '' he lied easily . 
 `` oh really , you do n't have an accent . 
 you must hate having to move to this small , nowhere town after such a big place ! '' 
 melissa and cassie both sighed heavily , drawing his attention briefly back to them . 
 cassie 's gaze was still focused on her tray , but he could sense her disquiet . 
 `` i was from upstate new york , a town smaller than this one , so it 's actually an improvement . '' 
 `` why did you move here ? '' 
 devon shrugged , he did n't like to lie , but most of his existence was based on one giant lie . 
 `` i needed a change of scenery . '' 
 `` i hope you 're not a yankee 's fan , '' jason muttered . 
 `` i do n't really follow sports . '' 
 cassie glanced up at him , a small smile curved her full mouth and her eyes twinkled with amusement . 
 he found himself lost to her , unable to think straight as her eyes took him hostage . 
 `` that 's great . 
 maybe i could show you around tonight or something . 
 you know , show you where all the hotspots are , '' susan continued eagerly . 
 `` what hotspots ? '' 
 billy retorted irritably . 
 susan rolled her eyes at him . 
 `` there are a few . '' 
 `` b 's and s 's ? '' 
 `` the lookout and standish beach , '' susan retorted impatiently . 
 `` whoopee . '' 
 susan glared at billy briefly before focusing her attention back on devon . 
 `` anyway , if you would like , i 'll take you around and show you everything . '' 
 billy and david shook their heads in disgust ; they turned their attention away from susan as they started talking about football . 
 `` thank you , but i think i 'm all set . '' 
 susan 's pretty face fell in disappointment . 
 `` well , if you change your mind let me know . '' 
 he gave her a brisk nod before focusing on cassie once more . 
 she was watching him silently , her eyes steady and calm as he met her gaze . 
 his heart seemed to lurch again , for a moment he felt it beating fiercely in his chest , and then it was dead once more . 
 whatever the strange connection between him and this girl was , he did n't think he would ever get used to it , or understand it . 
 he could n't take his eyes away from her as she lowered her lids slowly , once again focusing on the table as she dropped her half eaten apple on the tray . 
 the loud ringing of the bell caused everyone to lurch to their feet like pavlov 's dogs . 
 devon raised an eyebrow at the sign of automatic obedience , but he found himself following suit . 
 her eyes met his again , her hands clenched tighter upon her tray . 
 there was a sad acceptance in her gaze that he did n't understand , a look of resignation that touched something deep inside him . 
 he longed to reach out and touch her , longed to ease the aching loneliness he sensed radiating from her . 
 melissa was before him again , her dark eyes twinkled brightly , amusement radiated from her as she smiled . 
 melissa glanced briefly at cassie , her knowing smile widened . 
 `` what 's your next class ? '' 
 he tore his attention away from cassie , slipping the well used schedule from his pocket as he handed it to melissa . 
 `` oh good , cassie and i have american history now too . '' 
 cassie inhaled sharply , a look of utter panic descended over her face once more . 
 he was becoming accustomed to that look , he did n't like it , but he was adjusting to it . 
 for a moment it seemed she was going to bolt from the room again as her eyes darted frantically around . 
 then , her focus came back to him ; a steely resolve descended over her as she nodded briskly , turned sharply on her heel , and hurried to the nearest trash can . 
 she dumped her mostly untouched lunch . 
 chapter 5 cassie shifted uncomfortably , her whole body hurt . 
 she had taken quite the pounding in training today , pushing herself extra hard in the hopes that the exertion would help to bury the memory of the strange man that had walked into her life . 
 it had not worked . 
 cassie rolled her shoulders , trying to work the tension out of them . 
 the hot water of her shower had helped to ease some of the tightness in them , but it had not relaxed them completely . 
 she dressed slowly , listening to the tv as she ran the brush through her tangled hair . 
 she winced as it got caught on a snarl but pulled it swiftly through . 
 limping slightly , she pulled the door open . 
 chris was sitting indian style on her bed , his hands folded before as he leaned toward the tv . 
 the red sox were in the race for the playoffs and he was riveted . 
 cassie shook her head as he groaned loudly , pounding his fist onto the bed . 
 `` damn , these guys are killing me ! '' 
 cassie laughed softly as she settled onto the bed beside him . 
 `` is it over ? '' 
 `` might as well be , '' he muttered . 
 cassie patted his knee gently . 
 `` are you going to stay here tonight ? '' 
 chris shook his head before rising slowly to his feet . 
 `` no , it 's pretty quiet over there and i suppose i should go home once in awhile . '' 
 `` i guess , '' she muttered . 
 `` are you going to miss me ? '' 
 he asked teasingly . 
 `` always . '' 
 though it was true , cassie did n't tell him that she did n't wish to be alone tonight . 
 if she was alone then she would think , and if she thought , she knew that her thoughts would be centered upon him . 
 cassie shuddered ; she wrapped her arms tightly around herself . 
 she did n't want to think about devon , she wanted to forget his existence entirely , but she knew that was going to be impossible , especially if chris went home . 
 unfortunately she could n't bring herself to ask chris to stay . 
 he would know something was wrong if she did , and she did n't want anyone to know just how much devon affected her . 
 swallowing her anxiety , she drew on her pride as chris swung a leg out her window to take his normal exit from her house . 
 `` i 'll see you in the morning . '' 
 cassie nodded as he leapt onto the tree branch , swinging for a brief moment before scurrying down the limb hand over hand . 
 his legs wrapped around the trunk as he swiftly used the other branches to climb to the ground . 
 she watched as he loped across the street , disappearing through his front door . 
 sighing softly , cassie closed the window most of the way . 
 turning off her lights , she slipped into bed , knowing that she would not be able to sleep . 
 staring blankly at the flickering tv she tried hard to shut her mind off of devon , tried hard not to think about him , but the harder she tried the more she found herself fixated on him . 
 tossing and turning , cassie finally managed to slip into a restless sleep at almost two in the morning . 
 and the moment that she slept , she dreamed . 
 of him . 
 *** cassie squinted against the bright light of the morning , wishing that she had darker and stronger sunglasses . 
 her eyes were killing her ; she was exhausted , twitchy , and extremely agitated . 
 her skin felt two sizes to small as she tried hard not to scratch at it with the strange urge to rip it off . 
 the sun seemed to be burning it and she tingled with pain and discomfort . 
 it was going to be a miserable day and she had n't even made it into the school yet . 
 rubbing the back of her neck , she eased further into the shadows of the giant oak overhanging chris 's mustang . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 she glanced over at melissa , nodding slowly as she hugged her books tighter to her chest . 
 `` cassie ... '' melissa 's voice trailed off as a strange quiet settled over the student body . 
 the tingling sensation of her skin increased tenfold , the hair on the back of her neck stood on end . 
 she turned slowly , her eyes instantly latching onto the sleek black challenger that moved slowly past . 
 her heart turned over , her mouth went dry . 
 she knew instantly who was behind the wheel , even though the tinted windows were to dark to get a glimpse of the driver . 
 `` wow , '' chris breathed his eyes so wide cassie was certain they were about to pop out of his head . 
 cassie took a step back , wishing that she could disappear into the oak as she bumped up against it . 
 memories of her dreams from last night suddenly assaulted her , flooding her body with heat and making her skin crawl even more . 
 though the dreams had just been bits and pieces of him standing by b 's and s 's watching her , they had left her longing for more . 
 the searing look in his eyes as he had stared at her still left her shaken and trembling with a strange sense of unfulfilled desire and need . 
 she had never experienced anything like these feelings before . 
 although they left her confused , she could not deny that the excitement tearing through her was a wonderfully alive sensation , and something she had not felt in a very long time . 
 she watched breathlessly , her heart hammering loudly in her chest as the car slid into a parking spot and devon climbed out . 
 though he wore dark sunglasses , she knew the moment when his gaze locked onto hers . 
 her legs went weak , her body turned to rubber as she felt his gaze burning into her . 
 trembling , cassie hugged her books tighter to her chest , unable to move as she stared back at him . 
 she felt like a fool for being caught staring , no gaping at him , but she could not bring herself to care . 
 his gaze was torn from her as marcy and susan hurried eagerly up to him . 
 cassie slumped against the tree , trying hard to catch her breath , and ease the pounding of her heart . 
 she was shaking , trembling like a leaf as the lingering effects of his gaze coursed through her . 
 chris was staring at her questioningly , an eyebrow lifted in surprise . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 cassie shook her head , trying hard not to completely fall apart . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 he continued to stare at her , but thankfully jason and kara picked that moment to arrive and distract his attention . 
 the game was discussed , plans were made , but cassie barely heard any of it . 
 unwillingly her gaze returned to devon . 
 he was still standing by the car , but he now had a large group of female admirers surrounding him . 
 cassie 's heart lurched , jealousy filled her . 
 she shifted uncomfortably , trying hard to deny the emotions suffusing her . 
 there was some strange connection between them -lrb- or at least she believed so -rrb- , but it was more than apparent that he could have his choice of any of the girls , and that none of them were avoiding him as much as cassie was trying to . 
 her anger mounted as marcy touched his arm , grinning brightly as her hand lingered far longer than cassie would have liked . 
 all she wanted was to know what he felt like , and now marcy did . 
 `` he is wicked hot , '' kara gushed from beside her . 
 cassie started in surprise ; she had been so focused on devon that she had n't realized kara had moved to stand beside her . 
 `` who ? '' 
 she managed to croak out , knowing full well who kara meant . 
 kara grinned at her , her light brown eyes sparkling merrily . 
 `` the new guy , the one you 're staring at . '' 
 cassie shifted uncomfortably . 
 she had n't realized that she had been so overt in her ogling . 
 `` um yeah , he 's ok , '' she hedged . 
 kara laughed softly as she flung her backpack higher on her shoulder . 
 melissa moved over to join them , her gaze steady and intense as she watched cassie . 
 `` you want to go over there with me ? '' 
 kara inquired . 
 panic tore through cassie as she fervently shook her head . 
 `` no . '' 
 kara shrugged . 
 `` suit yourself . '' 
 kara slipped eagerly away to join the growing group of girls surrounding devon . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 melissa asked softly . 
 cassie nodded , though she knew it was a lie . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'm going to head inside . '' 
 `` i 'll go with you . '' 
 cassie moved slowly away from the tree , wincing as she stepped into the harsh sunlight . 
 she could almost feel her skin burning , her eyes watered as she squinted against the bright light . 
 she left a wide berth around devon , but she could feel his eyes burning into her as she moved slowly toward the much needed shelter of the school . 
 it was going to be another very long , very hard day , and she was n't at all prepared for it . 
 chapter 6 devon was growing tired of being avoided . 
 and she was going well out of her way to avoid him . 
 though he sat at her lunch table again , she did not return to it . 
 in fact , she did n't even come into the cafeteria , for three days in a row . 
 he was growing impatient and aggravated with her . 
 every other girl in the school was throwing themselves at him . 
 it was a fact that he was used to , but he most certainly was not used to women going out of their way to avoid him . 
 and that was exactly what cassie was doing . 
 and she happened to be the only girl in the whole school that he even remotely cared about talking to , and getting closer to . 
 and now , finally , she was back in the cafeteria . 
 he watched as she glided deftly through the crowd with an ease and grace that was captivating and amazing . 
 her hair was a golden shimmer in the harsh light as she moved toward the lunch line . 
 she was unable to move fast as she was accosted by endless people . 
 though she spoke with everyone , and smiled brightly , he could sense her impatience . 
 he was just as impatient as she was . 
 he wanted her over here , with him , where he could finally try and talk to her again . 
 he slid into the chair that had become his , tapping his finger impatiently on the table as he waited for cassie to reappear . 
 people slid in around him , and though they talked to him , he barely acknowledged them as his gaze remained focused on the wall she had disappeared behind . 
 he still did n't understand why he was so captivated with this girl , but he was . 
 he dreamed of her every night , haunting dreams that left him shaken and unfulfilled in the morning . 
 he wanted more of her , he wanted to know what she felt and tasted like . 
 wanted to know what she would really feel like in his arms , not just what her ghostly dream image felt like . 
 `` hello , '' he glanced over at marcy , nodding briefly as she slid into the seat next to him and leaned annoyingly close . 
 devon shifted slightly , wanting to get further away from her . 
 he knew he had a large group of admirers now ; there was nothing that he could do about that , but marcy was by far the most persistent and overt . 
 she moved closer to him , her small hand dropped onto his arm . 
 cocking an eyebrow he turned slowly toward her , trying hard not to lose his patience with the clingy girl . 
 she smiled brightly back at him , her leaf green eyes twinkling merrily . 
 she chose to completely ignore the impatience radiating from him . 
 `` are you going to come to b 's and s 's tonight ? '' 
 devon glanced back at where cassie had disappeared , but she had not reemerged yet . 
 he had not been back to the restaurant since he had first seen her . 
 she had not returned there either in the past three nights , choosing instead to go to melissa 's house with chris . 
 he was a little dismayed , and found himself more than a little pathetic for knowing that fact , but he did . 
 for some reason though , he wanted to make sure that she was safe at all times and had to know where she was in order to do so . 
 he tried to convince himself that this was true , but he knew in his heart that he was bordering on obsessive and stalker . 
 neither of those were things he had ever thought he could be . 
 it was a brutal realization to know that one girl could make him become something that he could barely recognize . 
 but then again , it had been another girl that had completely changed him in a way he had never expected before . 
 but cassie was an exceptional girl , she was a unicorn , he realized with a start as she reemerged from the lunch line . 
 she was a rare , never imagined find , but one that he was never going to release again . 
 she even reminded him of a unicorn with her graceful mannerisms , golden hair , and bright violet flecked eyes . 
 her smile was easy and bright as she conversed with the girls by her side . 
 he had only known her for a few days , but he had come to realize that she was never alone . 
 there was always someone by her side , demanding her attention . 
 it was an annoying fact , especially when she was so giving of her time with them , while she ignored and avoided the hell out of him . 
 mark swiftly approached her , honing in like a missile upon its target . 
 he walked briskly , with a stride that was not to be deterred . 
 devon 's senses went on high alert ; he stiffened as he sensed an undercurrent of anger and impatience running through the boy . 
 he arrived at cassie 's side , touching her elbow to grab her attention . 
 she turned slowly toward him , her eyes widening slightly as she took a small step back . 
 anger rolled through devon as mark moved closer to her . 
 using his height as an intimidation factor , he bent slightly over her . 
 cassie 's eyes narrowed fiercely , her shoulders straightened as she tilted her chin up proudly . 
 though devon was impressed by her show of strength and defiance , he also wished that she would simply back away . 
 he sensed an instability and anxiety within mark that worried him , and he knew that the boy would snap if pushed too hard . 
 and cassie seemed intent on pushing him away . 
 devon rose to his feet , with every intention of intervening . 
 her safety was his number one concern , and around mark , he knew that she was not safe . 
 chris appeared at her side suddenly , using his shoulder to push slightly past mark . 
 chris smiled brightly at mark , but there was tension in his solid frame , and no sparkle in his sapphire eyes . 
 he spoke briefly to mark for a moment while gently nudging cassie further back . 
 cassie did not look pleased to be pushed out of the way . 
 chris finally managed to disentangle the two of them from mark , though mark glared after them as chris continued to nudge cassie toward the glass doors at the back of the cafeteria . 
 he suddenly recalled melissa 's words on his first day . 
 the senior 's sat outside when it was nice out . 
 until now , he had not noticed that a fair amount of senior 's was missing as his table was packed with girls , and they would not leave his side as long as he remained inside . 
 and if he moved outside right now , they would only follow . 
 the last thing he wanted was a gaggle of giggling teens following him around while he tried to talk with cassie . 
 he watched her as she moved stiffly toward the doors , her tray clenched tight in her hands , her head held immobile , and her neck straight . 
 he could feel the stress radiating from her , the struggle that waged throughout . 
 he also felt the snapping point when she lost the struggle and her head turned slowly toward him . 
 the impact of her gaze was like a lightning bolt as it seared through him , it sizzled through his dried veins and caused his deadened heart to vibrate with pulsing electricity . 
 she hesitated briefly , her eyes warmed slightly ; a wave of heat flooded her porcelain cheeks . 
 her long dark lashes swept swiftly down , shadowing her startling eyes as she bowed her head . 
 her golden hair fell forward , hiding her face as she hurried on . 
 she dropped her sunglasses back into place before following chris outside . 
 disappointment filled him as he turned away from her , his anger sparked as he caught sight of mark . 
 he was staring after cassie , annoyance and irritation radiating from him . 
 mark hesitated for a moment longer before turning and slinking over to a table packed with boys just as large and muscular as he was . 
 they were all wearing black and gold jackets with a white horse on the back of them . 
 devon had no idea why they were all wearing the same coats , but they seemed to think that the jackets were special as none of the boys were taking them off , even though the cafeteria was hot . 
 devon shook his head , not understanding human customs at all , and least of all not understanding teenage customs . 
 staying here for much longer was going to drive him crazy , but he was n't leaving here without finding out exactly why he was so drawn to cassie . 
 and that meant finally getting closer to her . 
 he turned back to marcy , deciding to use her clinginess to his advantage for a change . 
 `` what do you know about cassie ? '' 
 marcy was slightly taken aback as she leaned away from him , her eyes widened in surprise before narrowing fiercely . 
 he should have taken a different approach , he realized belatedly , as he recognized her jealousy and anger instantly . 
 `` why ? '' 
 devon shrugged negligently . 
 leaning closer to marcy , he placed his hand briefly upon her arm , hoping to soothe her . 
 `` i am simply curious ; mark seems to truly like her . '' 
 she relaxed slightly , but her eyes still radiated distrust . 
 `` he 's liked her for awhile , but she just strings him along like she strings chris , and everyone else along . '' 
 devon quirked an eyebrow , tension and anger radiated from marcy , along with a strong wave of jealousy . 
 he wondered if it had been mark , or chris , that she had liked before he had walked into this school and she had become fixated on him . 
 `` i thought she and chris were just friends . '' 
 marcy shrugged , her eyes darkened as her nose scrunched slightly . 
 `` that 's what they say , but i doubt it . 
 there is something strange about that relationship , neither one of them really date anyone else . '' 
 her bitter tone confirmed the fact that it had been chris she liked . 
 `` come on marcy , you know they 're just friends , '' kara interjected , leaning forward as she rested her chin on her hands . 
 `` he sleeps in her room kara , '' marcy retorted sharply . 
 `` you ca n't tell me that nothing has ever happened between them ! '' 
 kara shook her head as she rolled her eyes . 
 she turned toward devon , her pretty face softening from irritation to kindness . 
 `` they 've been friends since they were little . 
 cassie 's parents , and chris 's dad , were killed in the same car accident when they were only a year old . '' 
 devon kept his shock over this revelation hidden as kara turned narrowed eyes on marcy . 
 `` so yes , i believe that nothing has happened between them . '' 
 marcy rolled her eyes but tried to keep her irritation hidden from devon . 
 she failed miserably . 
 `` cassie 's parents are dead ? '' 
 kara nodded ; sadness crept over her delicate features . 
 `` yes , and so are melissa 's . '' 
 devon started in surprise . 
 the three of them either had no parents , or were missing at least one . 
 it was a strange coincidence , but it also explained the strong bond that they seemed to share . 
 though they were all popular , always surrounded by people , yet they still remained aloof , separate from everyone but each other . 
 and when they were together they were like one unit . 
 a unit that was able to communicate without a word , but with a simple look or a touch . 
 he had been amazed , impressed , and a little confused by the tightness of their bond . 
 but the fact that they had all experienced the loss of a parent explained the closeness they shared . 
 unwillingly his gaze went to the windows , but he could not see cassie amongst the crush of students that had finished eating and moved outside . 
 a whiffle ball and bat had been brought out and a pickup game was starting . 
 `` that 's awful , '' he muttered . 
 the intense desire to be free of this room , and to see her , suffused him . 
 though he could not understand , or relate to her pain , he was beginning to get a better understanding of the hurt , loneliness , pride , and strength that surrounded her . 
 a hurt and loneliness that he was determined to help ease , whether she wanted his help or not . 
 he rose suddenly , ignoring the startled looks that marcy and kara shot him . 
 `` excuse me , '' he mumbled before moving swiftly through the crowd toward the glass double doors . 
 he stepped outside , the excited sound of laughter and chatter suffused him . 
 he scanned the crowd , but did not spot cassie amongst the mass . 
 he did spot melissa though . 
 winding his way through the students , he made his way steadily toward her . 
 melissa turned toward him , a dark eyebrow lifted as her mouth quirked in a small smile . 
 `` hey stranger , '' she greeted warmly , her onyx eyes gleaming with amusement . 
 he hesitated for a moment , briefly puzzled by the startling amount of knowledge within those dark eyes . 
 he was certain that she knew exactly why he was here , and she was happy about it . 
 `` how is everything going ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 his gaze darted over the crowd as he searched for cassie , but he did n't see her , and he could n't smell the delicious scent that she emitted in waves . 
 `` you seem to be making a lot of friends . '' 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 her smile widened , her smooth olive complexion shone in the bright light of the sun . 
 she knew why he was here , and she was enjoying every moment of torment she was handing to him . 
 he did n't know if that fact pissed him off , or if he wanted to join in with her obvious amusement . 
 `` not interested in friends ? '' 
 only one , he wanted to tell her , but he bit back his words . 
 `` of course , '' he said softly . 
 though melissa was enjoying this conversation , he was tired of being toyed with . 
 `` where is your friend cassie ? '' 
 melissa quirked her head to the side , her exotic eyes slanted as her hair fell forward . 
 `` having most of the female population chasing you around is n't enough for you ? '' 
 though he knew she was trying to be playful , devon 's patience was at a snapping point . 
 he wanted to know where cassie was , and he wanted to know now . 
 melissa seemed to sense this as her smile slipped away and a strange sadness crept over her . 
 that dark look passed over her eyes again as they seemed to pierce straight into his soul . 
 `` no , '' he said simply . 
 she snorted slightly in surprise , her eyes sparked with amusement once more . 
 `` good . '' 
 she said flatly . 
 `` cassie went home . '' 
 he frowned in surprise as he shoved his hands into his pockets . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` not feeling well . '' 
 `` she ok ? '' 
 he demanded , surprised by the wealth of worry and concern that filled him . 
 `` she 's fine , just has n't been sleeping well . '' 
 devon frowned as he recalled the strange dreams plaguing him , dreams that cassie was always a part of ; dreams that haunted him throughout the day . 
 dreams that he did not want to have , but looked forward to every night . 
 he hated what cassie was doing to him , knew that he should leave this town , but he also knew that he would n't . 
 not yet anyway . 
 *** `` cassie come on ! 
 pay attention ! '' 
 sighing in aggravation , cassie tossed aside the stake she had been holding and stormed over to the bench . 
 grabbing a water bottle she squirted it into her mouth , trying to drown the annoyance consuming her . 
 she was exhausted , she could barely function , and she had been completely blowing all of her training for the past week . 
 she was doing awful , and luther was not about to let her forget it . 
 `` you are so very lucky that things have been quiet this past week ! '' 
 he barked at her , his gray eyes narrowed angrily . 
 `` you would n't survive five seconds in the field ! '' 
 cassie was struggling to control her temper , he was right after all , but she was just as frustrated as he was with her inability to do anything right . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? '' 
 cassie closed her eyes , shuddering as she thought of the many things that were wrong with her lately . 
 and they were all centered on one very disturbing , frightening man . 
 `` i 'm tired , '' she mumbled , knowing that although it was the truth it was also a very poor excuse . 
 `` tired ! 
 tired !? '' 
 he demanded sharply . 
 cassie hung her head , peeking up at him from under lowered lashes . 
 she deserved whatever she got , but it was still killing her to keep from defending herself . 
 luther sighed angrily ; pulling off his lennon style glasses he cleaned them briskly on his shirt as he tried to gather his patience . 
 he slid them back on , relatively calmer as he studied her wearily . 
 `` alright . '' 
 he tugged on his graying brown hair ; he paced briefly away before he turned sharply on his heel and coming back . 
 `` maybe i am working you to hard . 
 maybe you need a break , you all do . 
 we 'll take the rest of tonight off . '' 
 cassie wanted to protest , taking time off would n't help her . 
 she knew that . 
 just as she knew that none of them could afford to lose time practicing their fighting skills . 
 `` luther ... '' `` no , no . '' 
 his english accent became slightly heavier the more discombobulated he became . 
 `` a night off will do us all some good . 
 but you need to come back refreshed and rested cassie . 
 you are the best fighter we have , if you do n't get your act together than we 're all in danger . '' 
 cassie bit on her bottom lip as she struggled to keep hold of the anger and shame threatening to consume her . 
 tremors rocked her , tears burned her eyes , but she would not allow herself to shed them . 
 she had to get her act together , and she had to do it soon . 
 she was overtired right now , that was her whole problem . 
 she just needed some sleep . 
 fighting to keep hold of her wildly swaying emotions , she glanced around the converted garage . 
 it was packed full of weapons , punching bags , and exercise equipment . 
 luther had added onto the two car garage a couple years ago , making it twice as big as its original size . 
 she had spent a lot of time in this room , poured a lot of sweat , and shed more than a few tears along with some blood . 
 and she hated it , she hated everything that this room represented and the change it had brought to her life . 
 she kept her hate hidden though , kept it locked away , buried beneath the fear and terror that she did n't allow to show . 
 turning away from the metal swords and crossbows strapped to the wall , she focused her attention on luther , melissa , and chris . 
 `` it 's time to go home , '' she said softly . 
 `` yes , yes , '' luther agreed . 
 `` rest for the next night and then we 'll hit it hard again tomorrow . '' 
 cassie nodded , though the last thing she wanted was to ever have to come back here . 
 however , she did n't have an option . 
 she would have to come back over and over again until they left town , or she died . 
 both options sucked . 
 `` will you be ok after tonight ? '' 
 she nodded in response to luther 's question . 
 his aggravation had been replaced with a deep worry that rattled her . 
 he was the closest thing to a father she had , and right now he looked completely terrified for her . 
 she did n't like it one bit . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` cassie . '' 
 she turned toward melissa , hating the knowledge in her onyx eyes . 
 though cassie had not mentioned her dreams to anyone , or her bizarre attraction to devon , melissa saw far more than cassie wanted her to . 
 but then , she always did . 
 `` maybe a sleeping pill would help you . '' 
 cassie hid her surprise , nodding briskly as she turned toward chris . 
 he offered her a wan smile as he held his arm out to her . 
 though she loved them both dearly , there were times when she wished they did n't know her so well , or possess such probing gifts . 
 hiding her irritation , she slipped her arm into chris 's , squeezing it briefly as she leaned against his side . 
 she had always hated taking any medicine , but maybe she should take a pill tonight , she was so damn tired she could barely see straight anymore . 
 and if she did n't get some sleep soon , she was scared that she would break completely . 
 chapter 7 `` is this a dream ? '' 
 cassie stood across the clearing from him , her golden hair tumbling in a riotous mass about her bared , creamy shoulders . 
 the white dress she wore billowed gently about her bare feet . 
 she was stunning , breathtaking , and he knew that if his heart could still beat it would have stopped at the sight of her . 
 the soft breeze pushed strands of hair around her delicate features . 
 she reached up , pulling it back as it drifted across one of her eyes . 
 her eyes drifted away , a small smile played over her mouth as she stared at the pristine lake in the middle of the field . 
 her toes curled into the thick grass beneath her bare feet as her smile widened . 
 `` beautiful , '' she breathed . 
 he completely agreed , but his gaze did not stray from her . 
 she turned slowly back to him , her head tilted to the side as she studied him questioningly . 
 `` you 're everywhere , '' she whispered . 
 he started slightly , his hands fisted at his sides . 
 his own bare feet curled into the springy grass he stood upon . 
 the long blades tickled slightly , but he ignored them as he took a small step toward her . 
 for a moment fear flashed through her eyes , she did n't move away from him though . 
 `` am i ? '' 
 he inquired softly , his entire body aching to touch her , to hold her , to pull her close to him . 
 `` yes . '' 
 though she looked like she wanted to bolt , she did n't move . 
 `` you 're in my school and my thoughts , and you haunt my dreams . '' 
 she turned slowly back toward the lake , her delicate brow furrowed slightly . 
 `` but this one is so very real . '' 
 the words were a bare whisper ; the surprise was evident and raw in her voice . 
 `` so real . 
 it must be that pill i took . '' 
 he stopped moving for a moment . 
 `` pill ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 she turned back to him , her eyes somber and distant . 
 `` yes . 
 i needed to sleep . 
 i had to sleep before i dropped . '' 
 she shook her head , causing her hair to cascade around her . 
 `` but you make it so very difficult for me to function at all , never mind sleep . 
 i hate taking medication though , and apparently these pills cause some intense dreams . 
 i can feel the grass , actually feel it beneath my feet . 
 that is so odd ! '' 
 `` yes , '' he agreed , because he could find no other words for her . 
 he made it difficult for her to function ! 
 if she only knew what she did to him on a daily , hourly , secondly basis ! 
 and yet he could n't stop the elation that filled him , this may only be a dream , but there was also something different about it , something very real and solid . 
 something that made him believe that she was actually standing there with him , that she was actually expressing her true emotions . 
 `` cassie , '' he breathed , suddenly needing to touch her with a desperation that bordered on insanity . 
 fear trickled across her amazing features , horror widened her eyes , but she did not move as he stepped closer to her . 
 instead , a resignation seemed to settle over her . 
 the fear faded as need and desire suddenly blazed to fierce life within her . 
 `` i do n't want to fight my dreams anymore , '' she whispered . 
 a single tear trickled down her cheek as he stopped before her . 
 he could almost feel the fierce beat of his heart , almost feel the pulse pounding through his veins as he reached out and gently wiped the single , shimmering tear from her face . 
 her eyes were wide with awe and wonder as she watched him . 
 her cheek was silken beneath his thumb as he caressed her . 
 this was the strangest dream he had ever had , and he did n't give a damn . 
 it was also the best one he 'd ever had . 
 `` cassie , '' he whispered again , leaning closer to her . 
 all he wanted to know was what her mouth would feel like , what her wonderful lips would be like against his . 
 all he wanted to know was how she would taste . 
 all he wanted was to hold her and feel her . 
 `` devon . '' 
 her hand , delicate and small , came up to his . 
 her fingers wrapped tightly around his , her breath caught in her throat as her eyelids drifted down to shadow her eyes . 
 `` i 've wanted this for so long , '' she breathed . 
 `` i think i wanted this even before i met you . 
 i think i knew you were out there somewhere . 
 it makes no sense . '' 
 she shook her head in confusion . 
 `` i am so glad this is only a dream . 
 i sound like an idiot . '' 
 `` never , '' he whispered fervently , relishing in every one of her baffled thoughts . 
 he was so very glad to hear that she felt as confused and desperate as he did . 
 `` i understand exactly what you mean . '' 
 and he truly did . 
 though the feelings made no sense , and he did not understand how they could be so strong when he hardly knew her , they were very real , and very true . 
 her eyes sparkled with amusement ; the bright amethyst flecks in them were bright in the midmorning sun . 
 she was the most achingly innocent , beautiful woman he had ever met . 
 and she was far too good for him . 
 he should stay away from her ; he should flee while he still could . 
 it would be far safer for her if he walked out of her life , he would only bring her heartache and misery , no matter how much he did n't want to . 
 but he could not bring himself to move . 
 even though this was only a dream , he knew that whatever happened within this world would change their waking world also . 
 and he fervently wanted for their waking world to change . 
 fervently wanted to be able to touch her , and feel her , and speak with her for real . 
 his hand trembled on her cheek for a moment , he needed this . 
 he needed her . 
 `` tell me no , '' he whispered . 
 her smile widened . 
 `` i do n't want to . '' 
 his deadened heart seemed to kick start again at her words . 
 joy and desire tore through him as his hand wrapped around the back of her skull , savoring in her silken hair . 
 he pulled her gently toward him , tilting her head up . 
 her eyes drifted closed , her lips parted on a soft sigh . 
 her sweet breath washed over him as he brought his mouth to hers . 
 electricity surged through him , for the first time in so many centuries he felt alive again , and so completely whole . 
 she eased the aching loneliness inside of him , made him forget his entire awful existence . 
 she was everything good and right in the world , she was everything that he had been searching for , and she was completely his . 
 possession and desire tore through him . 
 his hand wrapped around her waist , pulling her tighter against him . 
 he could feel the wild beat of her heart as her chest pressed tight to his . 
 her pulse pounded through her veins , but yearning for her blood did not seize hold of him . 
 with her , he had complete control of himself . 
 with her , bloodlust did not take over . 
 he did not want to drain her dry as he had done to so very many other people . 
 maybe just because this was a dream he could keep control of himself , but he felt that even awake he would be able to do anything for her . 
 even control the monster that always lurked just beneath the surface of his existence . 
 a gasp of pleasure escaped her as her hands wrapped tightly around his shoulders , and her fingers dug into him . 
 her mouth parted beneath his demanding quest . 
 a groan escaped him as his desire for more of her seized hold of him . 
 his hands drifted over her bare shoulders , the feel of her silken skin left him shaken as he moved closer to the collar of the dress she wore . 
 she moaned softly , he caught hold of her as her knees went limp and she slumped against him . 
 his composure swiftly unraveling , he seized hold of her dress , wanting to rip it free of her . 
 this was his dream after all , and he could do anything he wanted in it . 
 and he wanted her . 
 the scent of her tears stopped his rushing , heedless movements . 
 he pulled slightly back from her , horrified that he had hurt her , or that he had frightened her with his urgency . 
 even if it was just a dream he could n't bring himself to hurt her . 
 he did not know the extent of her experiences with men , but he sensed that they were not much . 
 and there was no way that she had ever been pawed and molested by a nearly crazed vampire before . 
 but it made no sense , if this was his dream she should n't be crying , she should be throwing herself at him with reckless abandon . 
 if this was his dream , he should n't be feeling like he was actually experiencing her emotions . 
 something niggled at the back of his mind , but he shoved aside any doubts and questions , he did n't want to face them right now . 
 `` cassie what is wrong ? 
 did i hurt you ? 
 please , '' he whispered . 
 `` please tell me that i did not hurt you . '' 
 she shook her head wildly . 
 he gently pulled back the strands of hair that fell across her damp cheeks . 
 cupping her chin , he lifted her face to his . 
 tears slid silently down her cheeks , her eyes were bright and damp with unshed ones . 
 though he had been frightened that he had hurt her , there was happiness and joy radiating from her . 
 `` cassie ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she breathed , reaching up to cup his hand in hers as she leaned into his touch . 
 `` i 'm just so happy here . 
 this , this is just the most wonderful thing that i have ever experienced . 
 you are the most wonderful thing that i have ever experienced . 
 i can say that here because it is n't real . '' 
 her eyes darted away from his for a moment . 
 `` but out there ... '' she shook her head , closing her eyes as she nestled closer . 
 `` out there what ? '' 
 he asked softly , knowing that she was talking about the world that existed outside of this dream one . 
 her eyes darkened , her face hardened slightly with anger . 
 `` out there everything is hard . 
 out there , this can not be . '' 
 confusion filled him as he studied her . 
 she kept her gaze focused on the lake , more tears filled her eyes . 
 but he sensed these were tears of sorrow and loss , not of joy . 
 he did not understand what she was talking about , but it was more than apparent that she was greatly upset about something . 
 `` cassie look at me . '' 
 her attention returned to him , her forehead furrowed . 
 `` why is it hard ? 
 why ca n't this be ? '' 
 though she smiled wanly , the depth of her sorrow was nearly palpable . 
 `` i wish that i could tell you . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you would n't believe me anyway . '' 
 `` i would believe anything you told me . '' 
 her eyes warmed and melted . 
 `` you are wonderful , '' she whispered . 
 `` so wonderful . 
 i 've never felt like this with anyone before , never even knew it could be possible to feel like this . 
 even though it 's a dream , i feel like you would be like this in the real world , that you would make me feel this good . '' 
 `` i would , '' he promised , surprised by the strange turn of events this dream was taking . 
 it was his dream after all , she should be in his arms still , she should be happy still . 
 she should not be lost and wounded and talking in riddles that he could n't unravel . 
 she should tell him what was bothering her , not keep it hidden from him . 
 what kind of crazy damn dream was this anyway ? 
 though she kept her face pressed into the palm of his hand she turned her attention back to the lake . 
 `` i used to love coming here , '' she whispered . 
 devon started in surprise as he turned toward the pristine lake . 
 the field surrounding it was covered with blue , yellow , and white wild flowers that flowed toward the edge of a thick forest . 
 the blades of grass , and wild flowers , swayed beneath the soft breeze that trickled over them . 
 there was a dock stretching toward the middle of the lake . 
 a single tree was off to the side , a rope swing was tied to a branch that dipped over the water . 
 he could almost hear children laughing as they swung out over the water and released the rope . 
 though it could have been one of a hundred lakes in the world , it was not one that he had ever seen before . 
 `` you know this place ? '' 
 he inquired softly . 
 she turned back to him , the sorrow momentarily slipping from her as she grinned brightly . 
 `` oh , very well . 
 it 's lake waldorph . 
 chris and i used to spend three weeks every summer at the camp just beyond those woods . 
 those were wonderful summers . '' 
 devon focused on the lake again ; horror filled him as he turned from its smooth surface back to her . 
 this was not only his dream , he realized with a start , but also hers . 
 though he was the one that had brought her into the dream , it was her mind that had created the setting . 
 it was why she was not telling him the things he wanted to hear from her . 
 it was why her sorrow and reluctance were real . 
 it was why things were not going the way he wanted them to , because they were also going her way . 
 his body began to go numb with the shock and disbelief filling it . 
 he knew how their minds had connected , knew he had been the one to do it . 
 but he 'd had no intention of ever letting such a thing happen . 
 but while asleep , his subconscious must have reached out to hers . 
 it had taken hold of her mind , and drawn it in . 
 he had never had any intention of ever seizing hold of her mind , but apparently his subconscious had not felt the same way . 
 devon bit back a curse , not wanting to frighten or upset her anymore . 
 there was no reason for her to know what had happened , how this had occurred , or the reason that it felt so real was because there were two minds creating it . 
 it was better for her to continue to consider this just a strange , oddly real dream . 
 she could never know what he was , what he was capable of , what he could do to her . 
 he did n't know her well , but she would run screaming if she knew the truth , and he would not blame her in the least . 
 the only problem was that no matter what she said , or what she wanted , he was afraid that this dream might mean she would n't have an option . 
 and he feared that neither did he . 
 they barely knew each other , but his ability had taken them both over , and brought them both here . 
 he had never had such a thing happen before , had never lost control of his ability in such a way . 
 even when he had been a novice , floundering and uncertain of his powers , he had never lost control of them . 
 he had a bad feeling that he finally knew what all of this meant . 
 he just did n't want to recognize the truth of it . 
 he still did n't even have a place to stay in town yet and had n't intended to stay in town for much longer . 
 now he was fearful that he may not have a choice about staying or going . 
 wrapping his fingers through hers , he shut his thoughts off , not wanting to deal with them right now . 
 he knew that it would only result in a tangled mess of confusion that he was not in the mood to sort through . 
 for now , all he wanted was to hold her , talk to her , and make both of their dreams come true . 
 `` would you like to sit by the lake ? '' 
 her face lit with pleasure , her eyes sparked merrily . 
 he knew in that moment that he would do everything he could to make her smile like that as often as possible . 
 `` i would love to . '' 
 he led her slowly down to the water , stopping at the edge of the lake . 
 the water lapped gently against his feet . 
 `` just as warm as i remember , '' cassie whispered . 
 `` why did you stop coming to camp here ? '' 
 she shrugged , her hand tightened briefly as a tremor of tension raced through her . 
 `` there was n't any time for camp once luther and melissa came . '' 
 he stared at her in surprise ; his eyebrows drew tightly together as he thought over her strange words . 
 `` who is luther ? '' 
 `` melissa 's father , adoptive father , '' she amended . 
 devon shook his head in confusion . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 what does he have to do with the fact that you could no longer go to camp ? '' 
 she turned toward him , holding her hair back as the breeze briefly picked up . 
 for a moment grief enveloped her and that lost look filled her eyes again . 
 but then her gaze cleared , and she smiled brightly at him . 
 she squeezed his hand before standing on tiptoe to kiss him briefly . 
 devon started in surprise ; he enjoyed the playful demeanor that suddenly enveloped her . 
 he was certain that it was not an attitude she had very often . 
 `` this is a dreary topic for such a wonderful dream , and one that i do not want to think about right now . 
 i think about it too often during the day . '' 
 devon was once again confused as to what she was talking about . 
 what did melissa 's adopted dad have to do with anything major in her life , other than taking care of her friend , and maybe driving them to the movies or dances once in awhile ? 
 those things were certainly not something that would occupy her thoughts often during the day , at least not as often as she had just suggested . 
 before he could question her further , she tilted her head to the side , looking impish and striking . 
 `` i would much rather go swimming . '' 
 with that she released his hand and plunged into the water . 
 her beautiful laughter trailed off as she dove beneath the surface . 
 devon stood in shocked wonder for a moment before shrugging negligently . 
 it had been a very long time since he had gone swimming , and he could think of no one he would rather do it with . 
 cassie burst back to the surface , inhaling deeply . 
 her skin glimmered in the light of the sun , her dress was tight against her and drops of water clung to her as she smiled beckoningly at him . 
 excitement spurted through him . 
 she was tantalizing , irresistible , and completely delicious looking . 
 he could not refuse her as he began to wade into the warm water . 
 he was only feet from her when her head tilted to the side , her eyebrows drew sharply together and irritation flitted over her delicate features . 
 `` what is that noise ? '' 
 she mumbled . 
 `` what noise ? '' 
 he could hear nothing except for the gentle lapping of the waves against their skin . 
 `` alarm , '' she whispered . 
 and then she was gone . 
 horror and terror filled devon as he looked frantically around for her . 
 it took him a few moments to realize that she had simply awakened . 
 she had not disappeared for good . 
 he still could n't help the disappointment that crashed over him in suffocating waves . 
 he had wanted more time with her , wanted to enjoy her more , hold her more . 
 he had not wanted this to end so soon . 
 retreating from the lake he returned to the shore , ignoring the feel of the grass now . 
 it did not matter as much without her here to enjoy it with him . 
 sighing , he slid to the ground , draping his arms over his knees he stared at the serene lake that cassie had placed here . 
 he wanted to know more about her . 
 he wanted to know about her days at camp , her childhood , and life experiences both happy and sad . 
 he wanted to know everything that there was to know about her , and he was tired of being avoided all the time . 
 he did not care about the confusion and doubt that resided inside of him ; did not care about her strange talk , or the fact that he had lost control of his ability . 
 there was only one thing that he cared about now . 
 it no longer matter that cassie fought him every step of the way , he was going to get closer to her in real life . 
 he was going to make their dream come true . 
 chapter 8 cassie breezed into the kitchen , humming cheerfully under her breath as she grabbed an apple from a bowl on the center island . 
 her grandmother looked up at her in surprise , freezing in the act of beating some scrambled eggs . 
 her eyes widened , her delicate strawberry colored eyebrows drew sharply together as her azure eyes tracked cassie 's every movement . 
 reaching over her grandma turned down the country song drifting softly from the radio . 
 `` you seem much happier today . '' 
 cassie nodded , stopping to drop a kiss on her grandmother 's soft cheek . 
 though she was in her late fifties , she barely looked a day over thirty . 
 only soft laugh lines marred the corners of her eyes and mouth . 
 her shoulder length , strawberry blond hair , was pulled into a lose ponytail that bounced against her neck . 
 `` a little . '' 
 `` did you finally get some sleep ? '' 
 cassie nodded , a small smile flitted over her mouth as she recalled the night of sleep she 'd had . 
 though she knew that it had only been a dream , and could only ever be a dream , it had still been wonderful . 
 it had still left her feeling warm , and alive , and strangely loved this morning . 
 her gaze darted to the window as chris emerged from his house . 
 `` yes , '' cassie answered absently . 
 though she had woken up strangely revived and optimistic , the sight of chris 's slumped shoulders reminded her that this was not some strangely realistic dream . 
 this was her life . 
 and in her life , there was no room for hope and optimism . 
 there was no room to have feelings for someone , because in the end they would only both get hurt . 
 though she reminded herself of these things , she could not stop the excitement and eagerness that filled her at the thought of seeing devon today . 
 she was playing with fire , and bound to get burned , but at this moment she could not put the matches down . 
 `` luther is working you all too hard , '' her grandmother muttered before returning to her eggs . 
 `` we 're fine , grandma . '' 
 she glanced sharply back up at cassie . 
 `` you have n't been fine for the past week . '' 
 cassie shrugged as she shoved the apple into her bag . 
 she did n't want to meet her grandmother 's eyes ; she knew how sharp the woman was . 
 she would not see past cassie 's pretense of being fine . 
 `` i was just a little stressed over school . '' 
 `` hmm , '' she grunted . 
 `` you 're too young for such responsibilities . '' 
 cassie sighed softly as she heaved her backpack onto her shoulder . 
 chris was already parked on the street , waiting for her . 
 he usually came inside in the morning , either to say hi to her grandma , or to steal some food . 
 the fact that he was not coming in led cassie to believe that he 'd had a rough night , and he did not want her grandma to pick up on that fact . 
 though sitting outside did nothing to keep it hidden . 
 `` you were younger than me when you learned what you were , '' cassie reminded her gently . 
 `` and you had the same responsibilities . '' 
 her grandmother turned toward her . 
 `` i always knew what i was cassie . 
 it was not a shock to me , and at the time we did not fear for our lives as fiercely as we have to now . 
 at the time , we never could have imagined that such a thing as the slaughter would occur . 
 you should not have had to know either . '' 
 `` grandma ... '' she waved her hand impatiently . 
 `` i know . 
 i know . 
 luther had to find you ; it was part of your destiny after all . 
 i just wish that i could have kept you sheltered from it . '' 
 cassie hurried to her side and hugged her gently . 
 `` i know grandma , but there are things in life that we can not predict , or avoid . '' 
 cassie thought over her words , starting slightly as she realized that they could apply to her situation with devon . 
 she could not have predicted his arrival , and she was beginning to feel that it would be easier to stop a locomotive than to continue fighting her strong attraction to him . 
 fear and excitement tore through her ; she trembled with anticipation at the same time her mouth went dry with dread . 
 if she did this , there would be no turning back , but she was n't sure that she wanted to turn back anymore . 
 `` when did you get so smart dear ? '' 
 cassie blinked as she was brought back to the present . 
 `` a wise person raised me . '' 
 her grandmother 's face lit with her smile , her eyes twinkled with love . 
 `` and do n't you forget it . 
 now hurry up , get going , chris had a rough night . '' 
 `` yes , '' cassie agreed . 
 cassie kissed her cheek again , squeezed her hand , and hurried out of the house . 
 the day was bright and warm , the chill of fall had n't settled in completely , but the leaves were beginning to change . 
 cassie glanced up at the clear sky , eagerly inhaling great gulps of fresh air as she tried to steady her tingling nerves and pounding heart . 
 she had a feeling that after today there would be no turning back . 
 that today would either be the day that everything changed , or everything remained the same for good . 
 she no longer knew which one she wanted more . 
 *** cassie sat stiffly at her desk ; her shoulders ached from her ramrod position . 
 but it was impossible to relax , not with him only mere feet away . 
 in fact , as long as he was near , she was pretty sure that she was never going to relax again . 
 not after that dream . 
 unwillingly , she pressed her fingers to her mouth . 
 she could still recall the heat of his lips against hers , the hard stroke of his tongue , and the press of his solid arms wrapped tightly around her . 
 he had made her feel so safe and protected , and whole . 
 it had been the strangest most realistic dream ever , and she desperately wanted to know what the real life experience would be like . 
 she had to force herself not to look at him , not to cast surreptitious glances his way . 
 not to stare at him . 
 not to relive every moment of pleasure he had given to her last night . 
 it was impossible . 
 she clenched her hands tight . 
 her nails dug into her palm , her knuckles ached from the force of it . 
 her pen was clasped so tight that she feared it would snap . 
 her body crackled with electricity . 
 her pulse pounded in her ears , her heart slammed rapidly against her ribs . 
 she had n't heard a word mr. maddox had said since class started . 
 unwillingly , her gaze drifted slowly over to devon . 
 he was sitting casually in his desk , his long legs stretched before him as he stared straight ahead . 
 those hands that had touched her so reverently last night were splayed before him , the long fingers lying upon the desk . 
 though his posture was relaxed , she sensed a current of tension and power just beneath his smooth surface . 
 the power that ran through him seemed completely out of place for a normal teenage boy in history class . 
 she was completely confused by him . 
 baffled by everything that he represented , though she did n't know what that was . 
 seeming to sense her focus , he turned slowly toward her . 
 she knew that she should look away , that she should be embarrassed to have been caught staring , but she could n't break the magnetic pull he radiated . 
 her fingers twitched , they longed to touch him . 
 it took everything she had not to reach across the short distance between them , and seize him . 
 he did n't look away from her as he leaned slightly forward , shifting with an easy grace . 
 his emerald eyes burned with intensity , and a hunger that left her breathless . 
 the slow ripple of his muscles made her mouth go dry as her body erupted with tingles of electricity . 
 she felt like a volcano bubbling beneath the surface , ready to explode in a torrent of molten lava that would certainly destroy her . 
 but she was certain that for a few brief moments she would enjoy being buried beneath the heat . 
 her world , her entire being , was focused upon him . 
 she needed him . 
 the strange thought , and the absolute certainty that accompanied it , left her shaken and frightened . 
 but this time , she could not bolt , and she could not run . 
 she could not turn away from him in order to do so . 
 somehow , she did n't know how , but her pen was no longer in her hand , her hand was no longer clenched , and it was no longer upon her desk . 
 her hand was now in the middle of the aisle , reaching toward him . 
 she blinked , snapping out of the brief trance that had enshrouded her . 
 her face flamed red , heat burned down the back of her neck as the realization of what she had been doing crashed over her . 
 he did not grin at her , did not look at all disgusted by her strange behavior as he leaned even closer . 
 she wanted nothing more than to reach toward him again , to feel him , but she could not bring herself to make such a forward gesture once more . 
 she could not believe she had done it in the first place . 
 it was not within her to make the first move , especially not with someone that she did n't even know , and who now probably thought that she was crazy . 
 the few boys she had dated had always approached her first . 
 the loud ringing of the bell caused her to jump in surprise ; she knocked her forgotten pen to the ground . 
 cassie groaned , disgusted with herself , and the entire situation . 
 she needed to get her act together before she completely lost it . 
 she could n't continue to let some stranger disturb her life in such a way . 
 she could n't afford to be so badly distracted , so completely out of whack with her reality . 
 people would get hurt if she was . 
 she shoved her book into her bag and bent over to retrieve her lost pen . 
 but it was no longer where it had fallen upon the ground . 
 instead , it was held in a long fingered , strong hand that she recognized instantly . 
 her gaze traveled slowly from the hand , to the man now kneeling before her . 
 his bright eyes clashed with hers . 
 there was a fierce need radiating from him that caused her toes to curl , at the same time that fear tore through her . 
 there would be no going back after this . 
 if she took that pen from him , if she touched him , she knew that nothing would ever be the same again . 
 she could not move ; she was frozen in place like a deer trapped in the headlights . 
 a small smile curved the corner of his hard mouth ; a twinkle of amusement lit his eyes . 
 anger spurted through her in the face of the challenge he seemed to radiate , he was daring her to take the pen back . 
 taking a deep breath , cassie steeled herself . 
 she was probably overreacting anyway , nothing was going to happen . 
 though she knew she was lying to herself , she also knew that she could not simply leave this room , and him , with her pen . 
 reaching slowly across , her heart hammered in eager anticipation as her fingers curled around the top of the pen , mere centimeters from where his fingers stopped . 
 though they were not touching , electricity shot through her , stunning her , leaving her breathless and shaken . 
 vivid images of the dream sizzled through her . 
 he did not release the pen to her . 
 he did not move as the smile slipped from his face and his eyes burned with the consuming need she had seen in him before . 
 and then he moved . 
 his fingers slid slightly up the pen , breaching the small gap between them . 
 cassie inhaled sharply , something inside of her locked into place , it froze her muscles and kept her immobile . 
 the world disappeared as everything in it became him , became them . 
 they were joining , their molecules blending and twining together in a sensuous dance that was soothing and beautiful . 
 everything suddenly made sense , everything became right . 
 all of the loss , and ache , and loneliness did not hurt as much as his touch became the balm that soothed it all . 
 the dream last night had been wonderful and beautiful , but the reality was far better than anything she could have ever imagined . 
 in that moment , she knew she had found her home in him . 
 this was where she belonged , where she would always belong . 
 her life would never be the same , but she was no longer frightened by the realization . 
 she was exhilarated by it . 
 everything would be ok now that he was a part of her . 
 his eyes darkened , his fingers tightened around hers as he clung to her ; a tremor shook his powerful frame . 
 a tremor that melted her heart and made her ache to reach out and caress his cheek . 
 she longed to soothe the fear and confusion radiating from him . 
 it did not make her feel better that he seemed just as mystified as she was by all this . 
 no , it only made her wish to get closer to him , to ease the pain in him , to soothe the torment she sensed deep inside him . 
 she did not know where his torment and anguish came from , but she suspected it ran even deeper and further than her own . 
 and somehow she knew that she could help him with his pain , just as he helped with hers . 
 she could feel the strength running through him , the tight control he exerted over himself . 
 she completely understood his feelings as they were the same ones rattling her too . 
 he released her suddenly , the loss of contact leaving her shaken and hollow inside . 
 leaving her broken and lost once more , but the feelings of hurt and confusion were not as consuming or as unbearable as before . 
 he had healed something inside her , somehow his touch had put back some of the pieces of her broken soul . 
 for a moment he hesitated , his eyes burned into hers as something dark shifted behind his intense gaze . 
 a small smile flitted across his hard mouth . 
 he rose swiftly , with a grace that was breathtaking and stunning . 
 staring down at her , he was unable to suppress the small tremor racing through him , a tremor that warmed her heart . 
 it was apparent that she affected and rattled him just as much as he shook her , and he had n't even had the same wonderful dream that she had experienced last night . 
 he reached his hand slowly out to her , a hopeful expression on his face that tugged at her heart . 
 she stared at his hand , her heart hammering fiercely as she took note of the perfection of his strong fingers . 
 heaving her bag onto her shoulder , she took a deep breath as she decided to throw her life over to fate . 
 there was no stopping fate after all , and she was surprised to realize that she no longer wanted to . 
 sliding her hand into his , she clasped tightly hold of it , surprised to note the slightly cooler feel of his skin . 
 she did n't have long to contemplate that thought though as the strange sense of comfort and peace descended over her once more , wrapping her within the warm cocoon of strength and power that he exuded . 
 he would keep her safe , keep her protected from the hurt and pain of the world ; she knew that with every cell of her being . 
 although , given that she was not entirely human , she was probably stronger and far more capable of protecting him . 
 though , with him , she did not feel as if she were less than human , she did not feel abnormal and freaky . 
 with him , she felt human and feminine and alive in ways that she had not felt in a very long time . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 he asked softly , his deep voice sent a shiver of delight down her spine and caused goose bumps to break out on her hypersensitive skin . 
 the last thing she wanted was to go to another class , but she could not walk out of school with him , like she longed to do . 
 however , she was pretty sure that she could n't sit through another minute without touching him , and feeling him . 
 especially not now , not when she knew how wonderful , and right , the feel of him truly was . 
 noise drifted to her , breaking through her turbulent , uncertain thoughts . 
 she was surprised to find that the next class was already filtering in . 
 students glanced questioningly at the two of them as they took their seats . 
 no one from their class remained . 
 cassie sighed heavily , knowing what she had to do , but wishing that she did n't . 
 `` i have anatomy and physiology now . '' 
 `` lead the way . '' 
 taking a deep breath , she forced herself to start moving , before she could n't . 
 `` what class do you have now ? '' 
 he frowned slightly as he dug into the pocket of his jeans and pulled out his rumpled schedule . 
 though he had been in school for nearly a week , he apparently had not learned it yet . 
 but then again , it did change every day . 
 `` study hall . '' 
 the frown on his face surprised her ; he almost looked confused as he stared at the paper , his dark eyebrows drawn tightly together . 
 for a moment it appeared as if he did n't know what study hall was , but that was impossible , every student knew what study hall was . 
 did n't they ? 
 `` that 's probably in the library , but some are held in classrooms , '' she said softly . 
 `` library . '' 
 `` do you want me to take you there ? '' 
 she asked , certain that his confused expression was because he did n't know where to go . 
 he glanced up at her ; a small smile curved his full mouth . 
 cassie felt her heart melt , her toes curled at the sight of that heart stopping grin . 
 he appeared so much younger , more approachable , and nowhere near as hard when he smiled like that . 
 she had thought that he was gorgeous before , but now , smiling , he was magnificent . 
 it took all she had not to reach out and stroke his face , not to bury herself against him , hold him tight and shut out the rest of the world . 
 something she knew that he would be able to help her do . 
 `` trying to get rid of me already ? '' 
 he inquired lightly . 
 cassie could n't stop herself from grinning back at him . 
 `` no , '' she answered honestly . 
 `` i just do n't want you to get lost . '' 
 he shoved the schedule back in his pocket , his hand tightened around hers . 
 `` i 've found you , how could i be lost ? '' 
 cassie blinked in surprise , staring breathlessly up at him as her heart lurched with wonderful joy . 
 it was the sweetest thing anyone had ever said to her , and though it sounded like a pickup line , his tone rang with sincerity and truth . 
 if anyone else had said that to her , she probably would have laughed at them and blown them off as corny . 
 but this was different . 
 this was not corny , it seemed genuine . 
 it felt right , and she realized that if she had been the one to say it to him , she would have meant it . 
 it would have been true . 
 their hands fit perfectly together ; his was stronger and larger as it wrapped gently around hers . 
 his touch was everything she had dreamed it would be , and more . 
 his presence alone had helped to fill the holes inside her , but his physical touch was like aloe on sunburn . 
 his touch made it so she could move a little more freely , and breathe easier than she had in years . 
 she had never believed in love at first sight , never believed in soul mates . 
 but maybe , somehow , her body and her spirit had known that he was out there , and it had been waiting and searching for him all along . 
 and she had been completely miserable without him . 
 but she did n't feel misery now ; she felt a joy so pure that she kept expecting to float off the ground with the lightheartedness consuming her . 
 he was staring down at her , his emerald eyes stormy and intense . 
 he was waiting for her to say something , waiting for her reaction . 
 cassie could not find words ; she could only manage a simple , reassuring smile . 
 the tension eased from him . 
 his eyes crinkled with the bright smile that lit his wonderful face . 
 cassie could n't stop herself from grinning back at him . 
 `` i 'll be fine ; the library was one of the first things melissa showed me the other day . '' 
 he said easily , as if what he had just said to her had not left her as shaken as a baby 's rattle . 
 swallowing heavily , cassie tried to calm the turmoil racing through her . 
 if it had been just a pick up line , she did not want him to know that he had just caught her hook , line , and sinker . 
 `` of course it was . '' 
 they reached her class far faster than she would have liked . 
 hesitating in the hall , she turned to him , reluctant to let go . 
 `` i 'll see you soon , '' he said softly , his eyes rapidly scanning her face , seemingly trying to remember every detail of her . 
 cassie nodded , not fully trusting herself to speak . 
 she half felt like crying , which was completely crazy , it would n't be that long before she saw him again . 
 she hoped . 
 his hand tightened around hers , his skin burned into hers . 
 he took a step closer , and for a moment cassie was certain that he was going to kiss her . 
 she held her breath in anticipation , her entire body clamored for the feel of his lips against hers . 
 instead , he squeezed her hand briefly and released it quickly . 
 cassie felt the loss of his touch as acutely as a knife to her heart . 
 her entire being ached for it again . 
 she could n't move as he slipped away , disappearing into the remaining crowd . 
 chapter 9 devon folded his arms over his chest , leaning against the wall as he waited impatiently for the bell to ring . 
 he had tried to sit through the whole study hall thing , but he did n't understand what he was supposed to be doing , or why he even had the class . 
 but then again , he did n't understand any of this high school stuff . 
 they were like rats in a maze , going through the same thing day after day . 
 he supposed education was a good thing ; he simply had no use for it . 
 maybe if he was a human in this day and age he may have needed it , but he was n't . 
 when he had been human , he 'd had schooling because he had been a member of the aristocracy , and it had been expected of him . 
 but even before he 'd died , he 'd seen no reason to continue with his education . 
 even as a human he had simply taken everything he wanted , with no regard for whom he hurt in the process . 
 and when he 'd died he 'd become even worse , far far worse . 
 it was not a fact he was proud of , it was just a fact that he had to live with , and try to atone for , every day of his lonely existence . 
 an existence that somehow was n't as lonely whenever she was near . 
 now , staring at the empty hall , he wondered if he had missed out on something . 
 his , had been a long existence . 
 he 'd thought that he had done everything there was to do ; apparently he had forgotten one thing . 
 he just was n't so sure that he wanted the experience , it was tiring . 
 he did want her though . 
 he wanted to see her and touch her , and he wanted to be near her , and she spent a good chunk of her time within this building . 
 his dreams had been nothing compared to the reality of her , but he had known that they would n't be . 
 her skin was even softer , warmer , and gentler . 
 the feeling of rightness she brought to him was amazing . 
 it was something he had never expected to experience in his life , but now that he had it , he was not going to let it go . 
 ever . 
 though he knew where his fierce possessiveness of her might be coming from , he was still unwilling to explore that possibility , or reality , yet . 
 there was still a chance that he could walk away from her even if he did n't want to . 
 her safety was number one as far as he was concerned , and she could never be truly safe with him in her life . 
 he needed to be able to walk away , but if what he suspected was true , there was a good possibility that he may not be able to . 
 he had meant what he 'd said to her earlier , he was not lost when she was near . 
 he was whole in a way that he had never been whole before , not even when he had been alive . 
 when she was near , he did not feel adrift in a world where he was not welcome among humans , or vampires . 
 she was an anchor in a world that was cold , uncaring , and cruel . 
 if staying here , torturing himself in high school was the only way to be close to her then he was going to suffer through the classes like everyone else . 
 he shifted slightly , the discomfort in his veins growing by the second . 
 he should have fed before he came here today , but he had n't realized how hard it would be to keep control around her . 
 she was a temptation that he could n't resist , not anymore ; especially now that he had touched her . 
 and now that he had felt her , he knew he would never stop touching her . 
 the only problem was that the burning in his veins had kicked into hyper drive the minute his skin had brushed against hers . 
 the sweet scent of her blood had slammed into him , causing his mouth to water and his body to burn with the fierce hunger that engulfed him . 
 it had taken every bit of self restraint he had not to rip her against him and sink his teeth into her delicate white throat , draining the delicious blood that flowed through her veins . 
 he had not touched a drop of human blood in a hundred and thirty seven years , and until that moment he had never felt the desire so fiercely , or so acutely . 
 he had never had his control nearly shattered , never nearly snapped and drained a person simply from touching them . 
 but as much as she unsettled him , and rattled his firm restraint , she had also calmed him in a strange way . 
 his baser instincts were held at bay as her delicate fingers curled around his . 
 touching her had locked the demon inside him back in its cage ; it had calmed his raging urge to drain the blood from her even more than it had enticed it . 
 whatever spell she had cast over him had him completely ensnared . 
 glancing at the clock on the wall , he shifted slightly , growing impatient to see her , growing completely impatient with the high school life . 
 over seven hundred years old and he was lurking in the hallways of adolescent teenagers , and all because of a girl . 
 granted , she was an exceptional girl , and he was captivated by her , but never had he gone to such lengths for a woman before . 
 he had never thought that he would either . 
 and he was fairly certain that this was only the beginning of what he would do for her . 
 the annoying bell rang suddenly , its sound was exceptionally sharp in his sensitive ears , but it was a welcome distraction from his disconcerting thoughts . 
 stepping away from the wall , his arms fell back to his sides as he eagerly waited for her to emerge from the class . 
 doors were flung open around him , chatter spilled into the halls as students emerged . 
 he was barely aware of the humans as they filtered around him , the boys instinctively leaving a larger gap then they would with anyone else . 
 the girls drifted closer , `` accidentally '' bumping into him , giggling flirtatiously as they openly admired him . 
 he ignored them , his attention fixed upon the people filing out of cassie 's class . 
 he could smell her ; feel the beat of her tiny , delicate heart . 
 she appeared in the doorway , her mouth parting , her step faltering slightly as she caught sight of him . 
 the small redhead that had been speaking to her broke off abruptly , her brown eyes widened in surprise . 
 he did not think about it as he instinctively reached his hand out to cassie , relief filled him as her fine boned fingers slid into his , locking tight . 
 the beast inside of him quieted instantly . 
 the burning in his veins lessened as her presence soothed the edgy rawness in him . 
 he could not separate from her again . 
 if he did , he would not make it through the rest of this day . 
 her smile was easy and bright as she stared up at him , the sight of her beautiful face calming him even further . 
 `` um yeah , i 'll talk to you later cass . '' 
 cassie glanced at the redhead , giving her a brief nod before turning her full attention back to him . 
 `` you got here quick . '' 
 he shrugged , unable to tear his gaze away from her . 
 `` i do n't really see the point of study hall . '' 
 she laughed softly , the sound beautiful and sweet , like the gentle ring of wind chimes . 
 it resonated through his body , shaking him to the marrow of his bones . 
 at that moment , he knew that he would do everything in his power to make her laugh as often as possible . 
 her eyes twinkled merrily as the laughter broke off , but she continued to smile radiantly up at him . 
 `` most people look forward to study hall ; it 's their favorite time of day , other than lunch of course . '' 
 `` i do n't see why , there 's nothing to do . '' 
 `` that 's exactly why . '' 
 devon shook his head , realizing that he would never understand humans again . 
 though , he had n't really understood them when he 'd been human . 
 there was no pleasure in doing nothing , it drove him crazy . 
 `` i see , '' he said , even though he did n't . 
 her smile slid away as she frowned questioningly up at him . 
 `` did n't they have study hall at your old school ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he lied smoothly , sensing that to do anything else would seem odd . 
 `` i did n't see the point of it then either . '' 
 she smiled again , shaking back a strand of golden hair that had slid into one of her exquisite eyes . 
 without thinking , he reached forward and brushed the hair aside . 
 she froze , her breath catching in her chest , her eyes wide upon him as his fingers lingered on her silken skin . 
 he found he could not take his hand away as he stroked lightly over the delicate contours of her face . 
 he recalled touching her like this last night but it was nothing , nothing compared to this . 
 she did not move , did not even breathe as she watched him in silent , fascinated wonder . 
 her eyes searched his face in awe , her mouth parted slightly . 
 in her gaze he could see her own recollection of the dream . 
 her heartbeat kicked up , her pulse pounded loudly through her veins . 
 he did not feel a surge of hunger this time , felt no desire to drain her dry as he was completely ensnared and entranced by her . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 she jumped slightly ; his hand fell away as chris 's sharp voice broke through the odd spell encasing them both . 
 he took a step closer to her , fierce possession tearing through him as chris appeared at her side . 
 chris 's blue eyes narrowed as he met devon 's gaze , his shoulders stiffened . 
 `` hi chris , '' she greeted , her voice sounding slightly strained and confused . 
 `` did you do the homework ? '' 
 cassie rolled her eyes . 
 `` yes , but there 's not enough time for you to copy it . '' 
 `` i know i just wanted to make sure you had done it also . '' 
 cassie 's forehead furrowed in confusion as she frowned at chris . 
 devon was nowhere near as confused as chris shot him a dark , warning look . 
 though melissa felt that they were more like siblings , devon was beginning to believe that chris 's feelings were not so platonic , and he did not like the competition that devon threw into the mix . 
 devon did n't particularly care what chris thought , or wanted . 
 cassie was going to belong to him no matter what . 
 he took another step closer , his shoulder brushing against hers , his hand tightening on hers . 
 chris 's narrowed eyes followed him , his broad shoulders stiffened slightly . 
 `` are you going to english now ? '' 
 he asked sharply . 
 `` of course , i 'll see you there . '' 
 though it had been a clear dismissal , chris lingered for a few seconds more , his gaze was steady as he stared hard at devon . 
 chris glanced briefly at cassie before turning on his heel and disappearing into the thick throng of students . 
 she turned back to devon , confusion still evident in her features . 
 `` ready for class ? '' 
 he fought back a groan , he was n't ready at all . 
 he wanted to stay here , with her , but he was in her world now , and unfortunately he had to obey the rules that came along with it . 
 even if the rules sucked . 
 the only good thing was that he knew they had the same class now . 
 he followed her down the hall , taking note of the people surrounding him for the first time . 
 or at least taking note of the boys . 
 many of them did n't acknowledge his presence as they gazed eagerly upon her . 
 his temper bristled at the obvious desire behind their stares . 
 they did not care about his presence , would easily ignore him if they thought they had a chance to talk to her , to be near her . 
 it was a fact he did n't like , but would remedy very shortly . 
 following her into a classroom , he reluctantly released her hand when he slid into the desk next to her . 
 he had been assigned a seat a few desks away from her , but he had no intentions of sitting there today . 
 though he could no longer touch her , he was n't moving any further away from her than this . 
 she watched him with wide eyes , her head tilted slightly to the side . 
 chris and melissa entered the room , their heads bent close together as they talked softly . 
 chris grew quiet ; his eyes darted toward him and cassie . 
 melissa quirked a dark eyebrow , a smile flitted across her mouth . 
 she gave devon a brief nod before sliding into the seat in front of cassie . 
 chris sat next to melissa . 
 the boy who had been assigned devon 's seat hesitated for a moment , looking as if he wanted to argue with the new arrangement . 
 instead , he wisely closed his mouth and resigned himself to devon 's abandoned seat . 
 cassie 's grin widened as she chuckled softly . 
 unable to resist her any longer , he leaned across the aisle and took her hand . 
 he was acutely aware of the fact that she had stopped breathing and was watching him in wide eyed wonder . 
 she clung to him with a desperation that he recognized instantly , as it resided inside of him also . 
 he never wanted to release her again ; unfortunately he did n't have a choice as the teacher breezed into the classroom . 
 she dropped her books on her desk , and turned swiftly toward the chalkboard . 
 though she had not noticed them yet , it was only a matter of time before she did . 
 he released cassie 's hand reluctantly . 
 though they were separated , he kept his hearing attuned to every beat of cassie 's heart . 
 he was well aware of the delicious scent that wafted from her skin and hair . 
 now that they were no longer touching the hunger began to kick in again . 
 his mouth started to water , the burning in his veins intensified . 
 for a moment it took all he had not to grab hold of her and taste her . 
 the temptation was almost more than he could handle . 
 clenching his teeth , and his fists , he forced himself to relax , to keep restrained . 
 the last thing he wanted was to hurt her , to take her against her will , to have her know that he was a monster . 
 he would rather kill himself first . 
 fighting hard against his baser instincts , and the raging demon inside him , he eventually regained control and was simply able to enjoy her soothing presence once more . 
 he was beside her again the moment the bell rang . 
 her touch soothed him further , easing the aching tension and hunger coiled tightly within him . 
 her soft smile warmed him . 
 `` would you like to show me all of the town hotspots tonight ? '' 
 he asked , unable to stop himself from grinning at her like a fool as they made their way slowly outside . 
 her laugh was enchanting . 
 `` well you 've already seen the number one spot , b 's and s 's . '' 
 `` yes , and it was amazing . '' 
 she laughed again , shaking back her golden hair . 
 `` well , their shakes definitely are . 
 but i 'd be happy to show you around town if you want . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 her long lashes lowered shyly over her eyes , a dull flush stained her cheeks . 
 `` great , i 'll uh ... oh crap . '' 
 the smile slid from her face , her light brown eyebrows drew tightly together . 
 `` i forgot , i ca n't tonight , there 's something that i have to do . '' 
 he tried to contain his disappointment as she stopped walking and turned to face him . 
 students milled easily past them , eager to get to their cars and escape the crowded parking lot . 
 `` tomorrow night then ? '' 
 her smile returned , but her eyes remained oddly troubled and distant . 
 he could sense a fierce tension swirling through her , an odd sense of regret and loss seemed to fill her . 
 `` i would like that . '' 
 though she said yes , he sensed something behind the words , disappointment maybe ? 
 anguish ? 
 `` cassie come on , let 's go ! '' 
 she glanced over her shoulder to where chris stood , leaning out of his car with his arm resting on the driver 's door . 
 melissa was by the passenger door , her dark eyes narrowed slightly as she studied them . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 sadness still enveloped her as she met his gaze again . 
 her hand tightened around his before she released him , her eyes searching his face with an intensity that left him shaken . 
 loss seemed to envelope her as she took a small step back . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow then , '' he said softly , knowing he would see her before then . 
 he did n't understand what was going on with her , but she seemed to be releasing him , for good . 
 he had no intention of letting her go though . 
 not now , not after he had finally broken through some of her barriers . 
 especially not now that he knew the reality of her was far better than the dream version . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she smiled wanly at him before turning and hurrying away . 
 glancing briefly back she hesitated for a moment , seemingly torn , before joining her friends and slipping into the beat up mustang . 
 melissa and chris watched him for a moment more , their eyes fiercely intense , piercing , and slightly unnerving . 
 there was something strange about those two , something that he could not quite put his finger on . 
 but strangely enough , their oddness was vaguely familiar to him . 
 he studied the car as they pulled out of the parking lot , wracking his brain for what it was about chris and melissa that plagued him . 
 deciding to put it aside for now , he headed to where he had parked his car . 
 a group of students had gathered around it , most of them were female . 
 he nodded and briefly returned their greetings , but barely paid them any attention as he hit the button on his remote . 
 the car beeped in response and the locks popped open . 
 `` devon ! 
 devon ! '' 
 he turned as marcy hurried up to him , smiling brightly as she adjusted her books in her arms . 
 `` marcy , '' he greeted tonelessly . 
 she chose to ignore his lack of a warm greeting as she reached out to touch his arm lightly . 
 he moved away from her grasp . 
 `` i was wondering if you would give me a ride home . '' 
 he frowned at her , his eyes darting back toward the mustang that was stuck in traffic at the entranceway of the school . 
 he knew what marcy was angling for , knew that she wanted to be seen pulling out of this parking lot with him . 
 and though he was new to high school , he had quickly learned how fast gossip and rumors spread through the small social network . 
 he did n't want those rumors starting about him . 
 not now that he had finally reached cassie , not now that she was finally talking to him , and acknowledging his existence . 
 `` what 's the matter with your car ? '' 
 she frowned at him , her leaf colored eyes narrowing slightly . 
 it was apparent she had not expected any kind of hesitance on his part . 
 `` well i usually ride with kara , but her car is n't starting . '' 
 devon moved even further away from her , his hand rested lightly on his door handle . 
 he did n't want to leave the girl stranded , but he also did n't want to let her in his car . 
 he knew his affect on women , but there were some that were drawn to him even more than others . 
 marcy appeared to be one of those girls . 
 it would not end well if he let her pursuit of him continue . 
 `` i 'm sorry marcy , but there is something that i must do . 
 i 'm sure one of your other friends could give you a ride . '' 
 it was not a lie ; he did need to find a place to stay . 
 he was tired of hotel rooms and floating about . 
 he had n't had any intention of remaining when he first arrived in this town , now he had no intention of leaving . 
 marcy 's eyes narrowed slightly , anger sparked through them . 
 she turned briefly , her gaze darting toward the mustang that was now at the front of the line . 
 `` i saw you speaking with cassie . '' 
 devon stiffened , his hand slid away from the door handle . 
 even if he had been human , he never could have missed the hostility in her tone , or her gaze . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she chose to ignore the warning in his tone as her gaze slid slowly back to him . 
 `` it would probably be best if you stayed away from her . '' 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 he grated through clenched teeth . 
 marcy shrugged as she plastered a falsely sweet smile on her face . 
 `` you could do better . '' 
 `` like you ? '' 
 she blinked in surprise , than her smile widened . 
 `` well , you never know , '' she responded , lowering her eyelashes flirtatiously . 
 `` if you play your cards right . '' 
 devon stepped closer to her , bending down to make sure that his words were not overheard by the group surrounding them . 
 he knew he had to nip this in the bud now , but he did not wish to humiliate the girl . 
 `` that is never going to happen marcy . 
 i 'm sorry , but i have no interest in you . '' 
 she gazed up at him , her eyes wide with surprise before they narrowed furiously . 
 he decided that was his cue to leave , before she lost her composure completely . 
 swinging his car door open , he slipped swiftly inside . 
 chapter 10 cassie moved slowly beside chris , her feet dragged along the sidewalk . 
 it used to be after a night of training that she would feel invigorated and pumped . 
 tonight , she felt bone weary and beaten . 
 though the night off had been needed , she was still unable to concentrate on any moves , could not throw a stake , or even defend the blows that chris and melissa had thrown at her . 
 she had been the best of the three of them in training and fighting , but now she looked like a floundering newbie . 
 she was just grateful it had not been a real fight , or she would be dead right now . 
 luther was still frustrated with her lack of concentration , and ability , but his irritation was nothing compared to hers . 
 her entire body ached , but not from the beaten she had taken tonight . 
 she ached for him . 
 she ached to see him , and to touch him again . 
 it was a physical itch that had gone deeper than her skin ; it had imbedded itself into the marrow of her bones and taken hold of her soul . 
 she would never be free of him again . 
 confusion , fear , and distress tore through her at the thought , and the certainty that accompanied it . 
 for the past four years she had tried to keep things as simple as possible , but they were not simple anymore . 
 she had spent the past years concentrating on four things , and four things only . 
 and those things had been family , school , training , and hunting . 
 those four things were all that had gotten her through the years . 
 her focus upon them had not allowed her time to think about anything else , they had especially kept her from thinking about the future she could never have . 
 she had no dreams of college , did not even plan to attend , and she had stopped daydreaming long ago of marriage , a family , and children . 
 now though , she could not stop thinking about the future she could n't have , the future that had been stolen from her four years ago . 
 she could not stop thinking of devon , and could not stop her mind from wandering and dreaming . 
 she did not think of marriage and children , she would never allow herself to dream that far . 
 but today her mind had wandered to dates , and dances , and even tomorrow . 
 she was actually looking forward to tomorrow , simply because she was looking forward to seeing him again . 
 before devon , she had never thought of tomorrow . 
 she had simply lived day to day , moment to moment , for she never knew when that moment could be her last . 
 but he had made her forget all of that , and it had shaken her entire world . 
 to hope could be dangerous ; she had learned that long ago . 
 hope only led to disappointment and hurt . 
 she was tired of being hurt ; it was much easier to stay safely walled away from the world , safely protected from emotional pain . 
 but somehow he had managed to tear that wall away . 
 she did n't understand how it had happened , but she knew that she could not keep him out . 
 that he had officially wedged himself into her existence . 
 for now anyway . 
 she could not allow herself to hope to far into the future , not past tomorrow at least , for that was already a huge leap . 
 it would be too painful when she lost it all . 
 and she would lose him , just as she had lost so many things that mattered to her . 
 there were already plans for the three of them , and luther , to leave after graduation . 
 though cape cod received its fair share of vampires , thanks to tourist season , there were many other places that had a much higher concentration . 
 areas where they were needed more . 
 on average they only killed ten vampires a year , most in the summer . 
 though last year it had been fifteen , and this year they were on track to beat that record . 
 luther believed that after graduation they would be trained well enough to go where they were needed more , to offer their help and protection somewhere else . 
 cassie did n't think much about it , she wanted to make it to graduation , she would like to graduate , but she did not plan for it . 
 neither did she panic at the thought of leaving the only town , and the only life she had ever known ; for she did n't know if she would ever live to see it happen . 
 she would worry about it if the day came , not a minute sooner . 
 but today , for one brief moment , she had found herself hoping , and dreaming , and planning for tomorrow . 
 then , she had gone to training tonight and was forced to remember why she had kept herself so shut off in the first place . 
 she was still completely distracted and uncoordinated . 
 if she had been in the field , she would have been killed . 
 and she would have put chris and melissa in danger also . 
 devon was a distraction that was risky to her , and her friends . 
 yet she knew she was not going to let him go . 
 devon was the only selfish thing she had done since luther had disrupted her ordinary childhood , and she could not bring herself to give him up . 
 not yet anyway . 
 if she could n't find a way to balance her life with him in it , then she would let him go . 
 she would have to . 
 but she was determined not to let that happen . 
 she needed the little bit of happiness , and the little bit of hope , that he brought into her life . 
 she had known all along that she was unhappy and lost , but she had not realized just how much until he had arrived . 
 she did n't know if she could stand to retreat behind her wall again . 
 she was greatly afraid that it might destroy her , maybe not physically , but spiritually . 
 shuddering deeper into her windbreaker , she wrapped her arms tightly around herself . 
 though it was not a cold night , there was a chill deep in her bones . 
 the clicking of the tree branches , and the soft rustle of the leaves , did not help the melancholy that enshrouded her . 
 it felt eerie out tonight , somehow wrong , or maybe that was just her . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 chris asked softly . 
 cassie glanced up at him , noting the worry in his blue eyes . 
 `` i 'm fine , why ? '' 
 he shook his sandy hair back . 
 `` you 've been out of it for awhile cass , slow , ungraceful , ill coordinated ... '' `` thanks for the vote of confidence , '' she muttered . 
 `` i 'm just saying . '' 
 he shrugged his massive shoulders and shoved his hands into his pockets . 
 `` you 've been off , which is very unusual . '' 
 `` i 've got a lot on my mind . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 they crossed the street , stepping briefly into the spill of streetlights as they reached the sidewalk . 
 the soft rustle of a coyote in the woods caught cassie 's attention . 
 it moved slowly through the shadows , staying low to the ground as it hunted a small rabbit . 
 cassie shuddered , an ominous feeling descended upon her . 
 `` is this because of him ? '' 
 cassie jerked as she tore her gaze away from the cruel reality of life . 
 she knew how the rabbit felt because she also felt trapped , desperate , hopeless , with no way out . 
 and there was no way out ; no way to escape her heritage . 
 chris was studying her intently , worry gleamed in his eyes . 
 she should have known he would notice her strange reaction to devon . 
 even if he was n't using his ability , he did n't miss much . 
 guilt tugged at her , she had never kept anything from chris , had never wanted to . 
 but she was n't sure that she wanted to talk about this now . 
 these feelings were so very new to her , so very private and fragile , and confusing . 
 shrugging absently , cassie brushed back a straggling piece of hair . 
 `` i do have other things on my mind , besides a boy . '' 
 `` usually yes , lately no . 
 you really like him ? '' 
 cassie was silent , her eyes focused on her nikes as they moved slowly along . 
 she did not know how to answer that question , for she was n't sure there was one . 
 yes , she really liked devon , but it was far more than just like . 
 she had never felt this drawn to someone before , never wanted to be near someone with as much intensity as this . 
 she had never even imagined that feeling like this could ever be possible . 
 but it was also more . 
 it was something almost primeval and instinctive . 
 she could not say that it was love , for she hardly knew him , but he touched something deep within her soul . 
 he touched something that she had never thought could be touched . 
 before she had met him she had never even known that this piece of her even existed . 
 `` yes , '' she finally admitted . 
 `` i suppose you could say that i like him . '' 
 chris was silent for a few moments before sighing softly . 
 `` i could sense that he liked you too . '' 
 cassie perked up , her head snapped around as an instantaneous smile sprang forth . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he gave her a sad smile as he nudged her shoulder gently . 
 `` of course , who would n't ? '' 
 he teased . 
 `` chris , '' she groaned . 
 his kidding demeanor vanished , his smile faded as he became completely serious . 
 `` he definitely feels something for you . '' 
 `` did you sense something wrong with him ? '' 
 she asked tremulously . 
 he glanced at her in surprise . 
 `` are you actually asking about what i sensed from someone , again ? '' 
 cassie shrugged absently , a dull blush stained her cheeks as she glanced quickly away . 
 she never inquired about what melissa and chris knew ; it seemed an invasion to her . 
 she would n't want other people knowing about her life if they had access to two such gifted people , she felt they deserved the same right . 
 she was also afraid to know what melissa saw , as all of their futures were so very uncertain . 
 if chris sensed any danger in a person he would share it with them , whether they wanted to know or not , so there was never a need to ask him . 
 sighing heavily , her shoulders drooped slightly as she shook her head . 
 she could not invade devon 's privacy in such a way ; she could not press chris about what he had sensed in him . 
 `` no , i suppose not . '' 
 chris draped an arm casually around her shoulders . 
 `` i did n't sense anything bad in him , just something different . '' 
 cassie frowned as she glanced up at him , her curiosity was peaked . 
 `` different how ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 his eyebrows drew tightly together ; he frowned as he thought carefully before answering . 
 `` just different . 
 there was no harmful intent , but there was a strange sort of darkness inside him . '' 
 cassie frowned , her hands clenched on her arms as she thought over chris 's odd choice of words . 
 `` what kind of darkness ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , not an evil one , maybe its loneliness or loss or pain . 
 it 's hard to say cass ; some people are just harder to read then others . 
 but there is no ill intent in him ; at least not toward you , of that i 'm sure . '' 
 cassie bit nervously on her bottom lip . 
 `` but toward others ? '' 
 she asked worriedly . 
 `` no , i do n't think so . 
 why do n't you ask melissa if she has seen anything ? '' 
 cassie fervently shook her head , she may ask chris a few questions , but she would never ask melissa . 
 that seemed like a dangerous path to tread . 
 `` you never ask her about anything she sees . 
 why is that ? '' 
 she shrugged , not wanting to get into it with him . 
 `` is it because you do n't think you have a future ? '' 
 cassie glanced sharply at him , anger boiled rapidly inside of her . 
 `` did you read me ? '' 
 she demanded fiercely . 
 chris was taken aback , his eyes widened slightly . 
 `` of course not cass , i would n't do that to you . 
 besides , you know that it does n't work like that . 
 i ca n't tell what people are thinking , just what they feel and who they are . 
 i do n't have to read you to know that you 've shut down since we found out what we are . '' 
 `` i have not , i. . . '' 
 chris held up a silencing hand . 
 `` you go through the motions of living , but you do n't truly live anymore . 
 we 've always been together cass , i know the girl you used to be , and you locked that girl away the day that luther and melissa walked into our lives . '' 
 cassie remained silent ; her eyes darted over the wooded , shadowed streets . 
 she saw nothing out there ; no distraction from chris 's probing questions and keen insight . 
 she 'd thought she 'd hidden herself well , kept her fear buried behind her wall . 
 apparently she had not . 
 `` do you think you have a future ? '' 
 she inquired softly , her eyes slowly coming back to his . 
 he looked sad and lost as he studied her worriedly . 
 `` it may not be as long as i had once hoped , but yes , i think i have a future . 
 i often wonder about marriage and kids , and maybe one day i might even retire , and spend my days fishing . '' 
 cassie huffed as she smiled softly at him . 
 `` you hate fishing . '' 
 `` not the point . '' 
 `` i know , '' she sighed . 
 `` but you do n't think of those things , do you ? '' 
 `` no , '' she admitted reluctantly . 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 `` you should . 
 look at your grandmother , she 's a hunter and she 's still alive . '' 
 `` she 's the only one that has lived past fifty . 
 most of us do n't make it to twenty , and the remainders usually die before they 're thirty . 
 i know some of our history too chris , my grandmother is an oddity . '' 
 he rolled his eyes , his arm tightened briefly on her shoulder . 
 `` there 's the optimistic cassie i love , '' he teased lightly . 
 she frowned at him , slightly wounded by his comment , but knowing that he was right . 
 she was far too pessimistic most of the time . 
 `` but seriously , luther thinks you are one of the best hunters to ever come along , i 'm sure that will make your lifespan longer . '' 
 `` yeah , you 're probably right , '' she atoned just to get him to stop talking about it , but she was not fooled into thinking he believed her . 
 his arm remained tight around her shoulders as they walked on . 
 `` just be careful ok . '' 
 at her questioning glance he expanded further . 
 `` i do n't want you to get hurt by him . '' 
 she bristled slightly over the fact that he did n't think she could take care of herself . 
 `` i wo n't get hurt . '' 
 chris sighed as he shook back his shaggy hair . 
 `` i mean it cass ; you do n't have much experience with guys so just take it slow here . '' 
 she shot him a fierce look . 
 `` i have dated before chris . '' 
 he grinned annoyingly down at her , his arm slid forward to drop around her neck as he hugged her against his chest for a brief moment . 
 `` yeah , but you 've never really noticed guys before ... '' `` of course i have , '' she interrupted sharply . 
 `` not like this . 
 you 've paid attention to them before , the same attention you would give a puppy , but you have never really noticed them . '' 
 cassie 's nose wrinkled slightly at his analogy . 
 she did not treat boys like puppies , and of course she had noticed them before , she just had n't felt anything for them . 
 not like she felt for devon , nothing even close to that . 
 `` not like you notice him , '' chris continued softly . 
 cassie was pulled back as chris stopped walking . 
 his arm fell from around her as his intense sapphire eyes burned into hers . 
 cassie shifted uncomfortably , she and chris shared everything , but this was a topic that had never come up before , and she had never seen him this concerned . 
 `` chris ... '' he held up a hand , fending off her words . 
 `` i just do n't want to see you get hurt . 
 i have to pull the older brother caring bit , even if i 'm not your brother . '' 
 though he smiled , it did not reach his eyes . 
 `` ok ? '' 
 she managed a nod . 
 `` i would expect you to do the same . '' 
 she grinned up at him , but she did not feel lighthearted as she punched him lightly in the shoulder . 
 `` but you notice all the girls , '' she reminded him . 
 chuckling softly , he draped his arm back around her shoulders and pulled her along . 
 `` that i do , that i do . 
 you are going to have to pay more attention in training , and especially in the field . '' 
 `` i know , '' she said softly . 
 `` i will . 
 i wo n't ever let anything happen to you or melissa . '' 
 he grinned at her . 
 `` of course you wo n't , but you better not let anything happen to you either . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' she told him , knowing that it was a promise she could n't keep . 
 anything could happen to them . 
 they walked the rest of the way in silence . 
 music drifted from chris 's house , the sound was muffled by the loud laughter braying from inside . 
 chris groaned in disgust , his arm fell away from her shoulders . 
 `` i 'll have grandma make you a plate , '' cassie told him . 
 he nodded before making his way tiredly toward his front door . 
 cassie watched after him , dismayed by the sad , weary slump of his shoulders . 
 no matter what life threw at him , chris retained hope . 
 she wished that she could be the same way . 
 she wished that she could have the inner strength that chris and melissa possessed , the fierce hope , and will of steel they radiated . 
 she may be the strongest fighter , but she was by far the weakest of them . 
 shrill shouts rang from chris 's house ; his mother started screaming at him for some unknown slight . 
 cassie winced ; her heart ached for him as the shouts propelled her faster to her house . 
 she wanted to get his plate ready , the mattress out , and the baseball game on before he arrived . 
 it would be another silent night , but she felt that they both needed it after today . 
 running up her steps , she froze at the edge of the stoop as the hairs on the nape of her neck stood up . 
 her hand on the knob , cassie turned slowly to survey the darkened night . 
 though she could see a hawk in its nest , and a fox at the edge of the woods , she saw no one amongst the tree cover . 
 yet she could not shake the unsettling feeling that something was watching her , that someone was watching her . 
 it was the same feeling that had encompassed her the other night . 
 though she sensed no hostility from the presence out there , she still hurried into the house . 
 she was eager to escape the eyes she could n't see , but knew were there . 
 *** cassie pulse rate picked up , her heart trip hammered loudly as she watched the challenger drive slowly by . 
 she waited breathlessly , her hands resting lightly on the hood of chris 's mustang as the challenger pulled into a spot three cars away . 
 the door opened and devon slid gracefully from behind the wheel . 
 his eyes were shadowed by dark sunglasses , but she knew the moment that they locked upon her . 
 the constriction in her lungs eased and she was finally able to draw her first easy breath since they had parted yesterday . 
 closing the car door , he ignored the curious glances of the students as he moved toward her with mesmerizing , easy grace . 
 the strange urge to cry with joy took her over . 
 everything was better now ; the hope was back , the world was finally right again . 
 there was no hesitancy as he took hold of her hand , enfolding it in both of his . 
 she breathed a sigh of relief , her hand tightened around his as she held him , desperately needing his strength and comfort . 
 the smile that lit his face revealed his perfect white teeth , and two small dimples she had not noticed before . 
 her heart lurched as she took an instinctive step closer to him , needing to be as close to him as possible . 
 chris studied them with a worried frown ; his eyes were intent upon devon . 
 melissa stood beside him , a small , knowing smile on her face . 
 that knowing smile caused cassie 's heart to plummet . 
 the sudden , awful insight that melissa had received a premonition about devon filled cassie . 
 worry crept through her , chilling the marrow of her bones . 
 she did not want to be the object of melissa 's prophecies , and she certainly did not want devon to be a part of them . 
 the last thing that she wanted was for him to be hurt , or wounded , because he had become a part of her life . 
 her selfishness not only put the three of them at risk , but could also get him killed . 
 her life was dangerous ; no ordinary human could survive it . 
 the chill inside her grew ; her body became hollow as the hope inside her curdled like three month old milk . 
 it was just as sour as milk as it sat in a tight knot in her stomach . 
 she could not risk him getting hurt ; she could not drag him into this world with her . 
 her world was horror and death , it was cruel and brutal ; it was not fair to him . 
 melissa turned toward her , her gaze growing questioning and curious . 
 though she did not possess chris 's ability , melissa 's insight into a person was uncanny and she did not miss a thing . 
 she especially did not miss the sudden terror that was suffusing cassie . 
 cassie had not known that she had been holding her breath until it exploded from her . 
 she inhaled sharply , drawing much needed air into her denied , burning lungs . 
 her clenched fingers began to ache , and she realized that she was holding devon 's hand so tight that her nails had dug into the palm of his . 
 she eased her grip , but did not release him as she was not ready to let go . 
 not yet anyway . 
 she could feel his curious gaze upon her , but she did not look at him again . 
 she was afraid she would start to cry , and never stop , if she did . 
 feeling like a wooden marionette , she followed stiffly as they filtered slowly into the school . 
 she knew that she was not going to make it through this day . 
 chapter 11 cassie escaped from the school the first chance she got . 
 bursting free of the large brick building , she sprinted across the baseball field and darted into the woods . 
 her lungs began to burn , but she kept going , leaping over fallen logs , dodging branches , and other dangers with the easy grace that those of her kind possessed . 
 her kind , she thought bitterly . 
 she wanted nothing to do with her kind . 
 other than chris and melissa , they were not hers , and her heritage had been anything but kind to her . 
 it had robbed her and melissa of their parents , taken chris 's father from him . 
 it had destroyed his mother . 
 when luther had found them , the revelation that their parents had not been killed in a car accident had been a shattering blow to both her and chris . 
 it was disheartening to learn that it had not been an accident that had taken their families from them , but a calculated mission to destroy their loved ones . 
 a slew of vampires had gotten together to seek out the hunter line and viciously slaughtered as many of them as they could find . 
 what was she thinking to expose devon to such a life ? 
 to such brutality and death ? 
 though it had been awhile , they were all still fearful that the vampires would band together once more and finish what they had started sixteen years ago with the slaughter . 
 she had no right to risk devon getting hurt , or even worse , killed . 
 she had no right to put him in danger , especially when he did n't even know about the danger she might inadvertently place him in . 
 though she barely knew him , she did know that it would destroy her to lose him because of her selfishness . 
 cassie darted past some briar patches , her arm got caught on one . 
 she did n't notice the pain as it tore across her skin and spilled her blood . 
 though it was impossible , she continued to try and outrun everything that she was , everything that she had become . 
 she did not recognize the person she was now , for it was far different then the young , hopeful , innocent girl she had been just four short years ago . 
 that girl had dreamed big and loved every moment of her easy going , fun filled life . 
 the person she was now was a stranger inside her body , it wore her skin , but it was no longer her . 
 pushing herself harder , she tried to run from the twisting pain that wrenched at her heart , and shredded her insides . 
 stumbling out of the woods , her feet hit sand as she reached the beach . 
 sand filled her sneakers as she slipped in it , but she continued to push herself onward . 
 her lungs burned fiercely and her legs were beginning to ache , but she kept going , too frightened to stop . 
 if she stopped she would have to think , and if she thought , she did n't know if she could survive it . 
 her feet slipped out from under her . 
 with a soft cry , her knees hit the sand , her fingers slipped into its grainy depths and dug beneath the surface . 
 it was cool to the touch , wet from the incoming tide as it lapped against the shore . 
 her shoulders trembled , she labored for air . 
 tears finally slipped free , spilling onto the beach as sobs shook her body and soul . 
 she could n't move , she could barely breathe as agony and pain twisted through her gut . 
 she sobbed for all of the unfairness in the world , for all the loss and pain she had experienced . 
 she sobbed for the parents she could not remember , and had never cried for before . 
 she sobbed for devon , who had come to mean so much to her in such a short amount of time , and whom she feared she would have to let go of . 
 once the tears started , they would not stop , and she had no control over the torrent that poured from her . 
 memories rolled forth , old wounds were sliced open , leaving her ragged and torn . 
 she recalled her early years , years spent on the run and moving constantly . 
 though she and chris had been to young to understand the reason behind the constant moving , it had been stressful and lonely for them . 
 chris 's mother had fled with them to cassie 's grandmother in florida , and from there they had moved to georgia , iowa , kansas , oklahoma , vermont , pennsylvania , new york , maine , and had finally settled on cape cod after six years . 
 she and chris had never known that they were moving to avoid being hunted by the same monsters that had murdered their parents , until luther arrived . 
 they had been given six wonderful years of peace in which they had n't had to move , and they had actually been able to make friends outside of each other . 
 though she hated the fate that luther had handed them , she did take some joy in avenging her parent 's deaths by ridding the world of the monsters that walked upon it . 
 cassie rested her hands on her knees , her tears slowly subsided as the gentle ebb and flow of the sea drew her attention . 
 a soothing calm settled over her , drying her tears . 
 she was surprised at how much better she felt , surprised by the tranquility that settled over her . 
 she hated the path that fate had laid out for her , but there were many people who had it far worse than she did . 
 she may hate the path , but she would walk it , and she would stop struggling against it . 
 she had been given the ability to destroy some of the evil in the world , given the ability to help people ; she should start to consider it a gift , not a liability . 
 though she had lost a lot because of what she was , to continue to fight it would only destroy her . 
 she had to make a choice , either accept her fate , or continue to live in misery for whatever short time she had left . 
 staring silently at the ocean , the strength within her began to grow . 
 it slipped out to her limbs and dried the remaining tears on her face . 
 her parents had died to keep her safe , had died to protect her , and the world . 
 she could not deny her heritage any longer ; she could not deny what she was . 
 and with the strength finally came a calming peace that she had not experienced in a very long time . 
 for the first time in four years there was serenity inside her , a sense of true tranquility . 
 by finally beginning to accept what she was , her path seemed to unfold swiftly , winding easily along instead of being broken and fractured . 
 a car door slammed , chris and melissa appeared at the top of a sand dune . 
 chris 's face was drawn tight with worry , melissa looked aggravated . 
 cassie sighed softly , turning her attention back to the deep blue sea . 
 dark clouds had begun to roll in along the horizon , but it would be awhile before the storm hit . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 melissa demanded ; her black flip flops appeared next to cassie . 
 cassie did n't look up at her as she patted the sand at her side for melissa to sit . 
 `` thinking . '' 
 `` thinking will get you in trouble , '' chris remarked , trying to sound light , but the tension in his voice betrayed him . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 melissa asked softly . 
 cassie glanced at melissa as she settled beside her , drawing her legs up indian style . 
 `` yes , better actually . '' 
 `` you 've been crying . '' 
 `` i have . '' 
 `` i 've never seen you cry . '' 
 chris knelt beside her ; his eyes were worried as he scanned her face . 
 `` never . '' 
 cassie smiled reassuringly at him and squeezed his hand gently . 
 `` once it started i could n't stop , '' she admitted . 
 `` but i feel better now , different somehow , stronger and more peaceful . 
 it 's weird , but it 's ok . '' 
 he nodded , but his eyes were still troubled as he searched her face . 
 `` tears can be soothing . '' 
 melissa rested her hand lightly on cassie 's arm . 
 `` are you sure that you 're alright ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 you 've had a premonition about devon ? '' 
 it was a question but came out more as a statement . 
 melissa blinked in surprise , the pupils of her dark eyes dilated slightly . 
 `` do you really want to know ? '' 
 when cassie nodded , she continued on . 
 `` yes , i had a vision about him arriving here ; i knew he would touch something within you . 
 i just did n't know when , or how deeply , he would touch you . '' 
 cassie was silent , her gaze focused on the ocean as the tide continued to roll slowly in . 
 her mind clicked along , recalling the night when she had first seen devon at b 's and s 's . 
 `` when you said that it was `` about time '' that first night he arrived , you were n't talking about time to leave were you ? '' 
 melissa gave her a small smile as she shook her head . 
 `` i 've been waiting over a year for him to arrive . '' 
 cassie and chris both frowned at her , their brows furrowed in confusion . 
 `` why were you waiting for him to arrive ? '' 
 cassie demanded . 
 `` to wake you up of course . '' 
 she grinned at cassie , leaning lightly against her side . 
 `` i knew that he would shake you up , make you come alive again . '' 
 cassie stared at her in surprise , confusion flowed through her . 
 `` well , that he did , '' cassie whispered . 
 `` i think i have to give him up . '' 
 `` cassie ... '' she shook her head fiercely . 
 `` it 's too dangerous for all of us , for him . 
 i can not bring him into this life , can not put him , or us , into that situation . 
 i 've been distracted , luckily only in training so far . 
 if i 'm distracted in the field i could get us all killed . 
 this is our fate , our heritage ; he ca n't be a part of it . '' 
 melissa sighed softly , her hand tightened on cassie 's arm . 
 cassie turned slowly toward her , fighting back the tears that threatened to fall . 
 `` there was a reason that i saw him coming cassie , and i think that it was more than just to wake you up , '' melissa said softly . 
 `` what then ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 melissa shrugged , shaking her head slowly as her black eyebrows drew tightly together . 
 `` unfortunately i only catch glimpses of the future , not the whole plan cass . 
 i do n't know why it 's important for him to be here , but it is . 
 and i believe that it is very important for him to be in your life . '' 
 cassie squelched the hope that bloomed momentarily in her chest . 
 `` so you think that i should n't push him away ? '' 
 melissa shook her head as she bit nervously on her bottom lip ; her face was composed in thought . 
 `` he 's only been in your life for a week and already you 're happier than i 've seen you in years . 
 you need that , we want that for you . 
 we 'll find a way to keep him safe cass . 
 the three of us can do anything together . 
 give it some time ; you do n't need all the answers right now . 
 you just need to focus on being happy . '' 
 `` and if something does happen to him ? '' 
 `` we wo n't let it , '' chris vowed . 
 cassie fought back the tears of gratitude and love that filled her eyes . 
 she was so very lucky to have two such wonderful friends in her life . 
 `` should i tell him ? 
 should n't he know about this danger ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 chris stiffened ; her question touched a very sore spot in him . 
 his mother had never known about his father . 
 she had been human , and chris 's father had thought it best not to tell her what he was , and the danger that he faced every day . 
 mary had simply thought that chris 's father was working a second job at night in order to support his wife , and young son . 
 the harsh truth had not been revealed to mary until the night she 'd fled with chris and cassie . 
 over the years , whether due to the fact that she had lost her husband and feared losing her son , or to the fact that she could not handle the reality of everything she knew , mary had retreated further and further into an alcohol induced stupor . 
 and further and further away from chris . 
 `` you know my feelings on that , '' chris said softly . 
 yes , she knew that chris would never keep such a secret from someone he loved ; he believed it was what had destroyed his mother . 
 chris felt that mary 's resentment at being lied to , and cheated of the dreams she 'd possessed , were what had made her the cruel drunk she was now . 
 and he was very likely right . 
 but cassie was n't in love , she could n't be in such a short time , she hardly knew devon . 
 `` i think that you should tell him one day . 
 but maybe you should get to know him a little better first . '' 
 melissa released her grip on cassie 's arm , needing her hand to clamp back her hair as the wind began to pick up . 
 `` but i do know him , '' cassie murmured . 
 `` i know that sounds crazy , and if it were one of you telling me this , i would be suspicious too . 
 but i do know him . 
 i know him in a way that i never thought i could know anyone . 
 it 's so strange , so different ... '' cassie broke off , unable to put into words exactly what it was that she felt for him . 
 it would be impossible to explain to them , when she could n't even explain it to herself . 
 `` i understand that cass , but i think it 's too soon . 
 i think that you should wait for a little bit . '' 
 `` or until you find out how the hell he can afford such a kick ass car , '' chris said softly . 
 cassie rolled her eyes , but she had to admit she had wondered the same thing . 
 as much as she felt she knew devon , there was still a lot that she did n't know . 
 but she was certain she knew his heart , his soul . 
 melissa 's dark eyes were caring ; chris 's were turbulent as they studied her . 
 nodding , she took hold of both of their hands , squeezing them tightly . 
 `` when you guys are ready for me to tell him , i will . '' 
 their tension eased , their hands squeezed hers gently as their fears lessened . 
 she understood their concerns about telling devon , they did n't know him , or how deeply she felt about him . 
 it was their secret , and their lives too , and it would also have to be their choice . 
 cassie turned back to the ocean , her questions and doubts twisted her stomach . 
 she did n't know what to say or do , but she doubted that all of the answers would come to her at that moment . 
 they sat silently together until the tide washed in to their feet , and the sky was rumbling . 
 cassie was too comfortable to move . 
 she found solace in their strength , in their presences . 
 `` it 's going to pour , '' chris said softly . 
 `` we should go , '' melissa whispered . 
 cassie sighed , not wanting to move , but knowing that they had to . 
 the sky was about ready to split open and release a torrent of rain upon them . 
 she climbed stiffly to her feet , wiping the sand off her legs and butt . 
 she followed silently behind as they made their way over the dunes to the parking lot . 
 `` how did you know i was here ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` i had a glimpse , '' melissa answered . 
 ` of course she did , ' cassie thought silently , trying hard not to roll her eyes . 
 she may have discovered a new inner strength and tranquility , but she still did not like the idea of melissa knowing her future , or her whereabouts . 
 cassie reached the car as the wind picked up . 
 she took hold of her hair , trying to keep it out of her face as she grasped the handle on the passenger side door . 
 the hair suddenly stood up on the nape of her neck , the blood in her veins turned to ice as a chill swept down her spine . 
 lifting her gaze , she scanned the empty parking lot . 
 sand blew across the numerous parking spaces , scraps of garbage skittered along with it . 
 past the parking lot wild trees , rosa rugosa , beach grass , and sand dunes spotted with scraggly bayberry rolled forth . 
 though there were few places to hide , she knew that there was someone out there , something watching them . 
 however , this feeling of being watched was not like the one she 'd had last night . 
 this feeling was something evil , something malevolent , and wrong . 
 she could sense the hunger and bloodlust in the thing that she could not see . 
 cassie glanced at chris and melissa . 
 they were both frozen , their gazes locked on the wild area she had been searching . 
 `` you feel that ? '' 
 she asked , pitching her voice above the rising crescendo of the wind . 
 they both nodded . 
 `` there is something out there , '' melissa said softly , her nostrils flaring slightly . 
 `` and it 's not good , '' chris agreed . 
 `` should we go look ? '' 
 cassie inquired . 
 they glanced briefly at her . 
 thunder shook the sky and rumbled the earth . 
 lightning flashed brightly , blazing across the dark sky as it sizzled to the ground with a loud pop that caused goose bumps to break out on her skin . 
 the air was heavy with the scent of ozone as the sky split open and a deluge of rain fell upon them . 
 cassie ducked into the car , already soaked as she slid into the backseat . 
 her gaze remained riveted upon the scraggly woods , but nothing fled from the rain as it pounded loudly upon the roof of the car . 
 chris and melissa slammed their doors shut , but chris did not start the car . 
 they sat in silence , waiting for whatever it was to reveal itself . 
 it did not . 
 *** the ringing of the doorbell was diminished by the hard rain hitting the windows . 
 cassie frowned at chris and melissa as she uncurled herself from her bed . 
 chris did n't look up from the episode of deadliest catch he was engrossed in . 
 `` awesome , '' he muttered . 
 cassie shook her head at him as melissa rolled her eyes . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 cassie hurried from her room , curious as to who could be at her door . 
 though she was popular at school , it had been a few years since she had invited anyone over . 
 plus the school day was still in progress , even though the three of them had opted not to return . 
 flinging the door open , she froze ; her mouth went dry as her heart fluttered wildly in her chest . 
 devon stood upon her doorstep , his wet hair tussled and windblown . 
 he looked heartbreakingly beautiful as drops of rain trailed over the hard contours of his face . 
 his bright emerald eyes met hers ; a small smile curved his full mouth . 
 `` devon , '' she said softly , surprised that her voice actually worked . 
 his smile widened enough to reveal his perfect teeth . 
 `` melissa said you went home sick , i wanted to see how you were feeling . '' 
 she swallowed heavily , trying to regain control of herself but failing miserably . 
 `` i feel a lot better now . '' 
 it was n't entirely a lie ; she did feel better than she had this morning . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he continued to stare at her , leaning slightly forward as he rested his hand on the door jam . 
 `` you look well . '' 
 her face flared with heat as he perused her with a look that caused her toes to curl . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 melissa called as she pounded down the steps . 
 she froze at the bottom of the stairs . 
 `` devon , how are you ? '' 
 she inquired as she walked over to stand beside cassie . 
 `` fine . 
 i just came to make sure cassie was feeling better . '' 
 `` oh , that 's really nice of you . 
 why do n't you come in out of the rain ? '' 
 cassie cast a sharp , panicked look at melissa that she chose to ignore . 
 `` cassie ? '' 
 she turned back to devon , knowing her fear and distress was written all over her face , but she unable to keep her expression neutral . 
 he was staring at her expectantly , his green eyes troubled and intense . 
 she knew that she looked like an idiot , and a cold hearted jerk for not inviting him in , but her thoughts would not form a coherent sentence in her shaken brain . 
 she did know one thing ; she could not leave him out there in the rain . 
 `` yes , of course , come in , '' she managed in a choked voice , and somehow getting her feet to move out of his way . 
 her heart hammered as he moved with easy grace into the house , his shoulder briefly brushed against hers . 
 a tremor raced through her , causing her heart to lurch , and her body to hum with electricity once more . 
 his powerful frame seemed to take up the entire foyer , her entire world . 
 fascination seized her as he ran an elegant hand through his damp hair , shaking the rain from it . 
 melissa nudged her , her eyes wide as she nodded slightly toward the kitchen in an attempt to make cassie at least act somewhat normal . 
 `` do you want something to eat , or drink ? '' 
 cassie asked quickly , a little too quickly as she realized she sounded like a complete idiot . 
 his close proximity was shaking her to the core though . 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 she nodded , her gaze darted to melissa . 
 she did n't know what to say or do . 
 `` hey , grab me a coke ! '' 
 chris shouted down the steps , apparently on commercial break . 
 `` please ! '' 
 melissa yelled back . 
 `` please ! '' 
 `` i 'll get it . '' 
 melissa headed for the kitchen , leaving the two of them painfully alone . 
 cassie shifted uncomfortably , fidgeting nervously with the edge of her shirt . 
 `` you wo n't get in trouble for leaving school will you ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 he shrugged absently . 
 `` it 's worth it to make sure that you 're ok . '' 
 cassie hated the heat that flooded her face , but she could not stop the fire that burned over her skin . 
 `` we were uh just watching tv and hanging out , '' she managed to stammer out . 
 `` do you want to join us ? '' 
 he grinned at her , his dimples flashed as his head cocked slightly to the side . 
 `` sure . '' 
 his gaze roamed over the house as she led him up the stairs . 
 her heart pounded loudly in her ears , her throat was dry as excitement and terror tore through her in equal waves . 
 the heat of his body was fierce in the small confines of the stairwell . 
 it burned through her clothes , heating her to the core of her being . 
 chris did not look up as she pushed the door open , his attention was still riveted on the tv . 
 `` who was it ? '' 
 he muttered , shoving a handful of chips into his mouth . 
 cassie shook her head at him in disbelief . 
 he was like a zombie when tv and food were involved . 
 he did n't even sense a new presence in the room . 
 `` it 's devon . '' 
 he turned slowly toward them , his eyes widened in startled disbelief . 
 `` hey , '' he greeted dully . 
 devon nodded to him as his gaze ran over cassie 's room . 
 she glanced around , her eyes darting over her mahogany dresser with its assortment of jewelry boxes , knickknacks , and hair care products . 
 the only thing decorating her cream colored walls was a picture of her parents . 
 it hung above an overstuffed armchair next to the window that chris climbed through . 
 on the other side of the window were two large bookcases stuffed full of books neatly organized alphabetically . 
 the nightstand , beside her queen sized sleigh bed , held only an alarm clock . 
 for the first time she noticed how sparse it was , how much it did not look like a normal teen 's room with all the cluster , posters , and chaos that were usually present . 
 then again , she was anything but a normal teen . 
 she looked back at him , not at all surprised to find his steady gaze focused upon her once more . 
 she could n't stop the blush burning into the roots of her hair . 
 `` here you go . '' 
 melissa breezed into the room ; she tossed a can of coke to chris , who was still staring at devon in disbelief . 
 melissa plopped onto the bed and drew her legs up beneath her . 
 `` do you want to sit ? '' 
 cassie asked devon softly . 
 melissa scooted over on the bed , making room for him as he sat on the edge of it . 
 cassie 's heart fluttered , a strange sensation took over . 
 she had never had a boy in her room before , unless she counted chris , which she did n't . 
 and devon was most certainly not a boy , or at least not like any boy she had ever known . 
 `` you like this show ? '' 
 chris asked devon . 
 devon turned slowly away from her , his forehead furrowed slightly as he watched the ship battling the fierce weather and sea . 
 `` never seen it . '' 
 `` oh , you 're in for a treat then , this show is the best ! '' 
 chris said eagerly , thrusting the bag of chips at devon which he politely waved away . 
 apparently watching tv was chris 's favorite way to bond . 
 `` looks interesting , '' devon replied . 
 `` are you going to sit ? '' 
 cassie 's eyes widened as he patted the spot beside him on the bed . 
 she glanced wildly at melissa , but her friend was watching tv , an annoyingly bright smile on her face . 
 there would be no hope from her , and chris was already engrossed in the program again . 
 moving stiffly , she perched gingerly on the corner of the bed , unable to fully relax with him only tantalizing inches from her . 
 her hands clenched upon her legs , her fingers dug into her jeans . 
 she could feel the strength of his aura . 
 unknowingly she leaned closer to him , a current shooting through her as they touched briefly . 
 his fingers intertwined with hers , locking tight as he pulled her hand into his lap . 
 she glanced up at him , her mouth parting as she found his emerald eyes on her . 
 she knew that she try and slow her involvement with him , but she could not bring herself to move away , could not bring herself to put any distance between them again . 
 she was mesmerized by him , enchanted like a cobra under the snake charmer 's spell . 
 resting her head on his shoulder , she fully resigned herself to the fact that she was not going to be able to stay away from him . 
 she could not stand to part with him for more than a few hours , never mind the rest of her short life . 
 she would just have to make sure that she kept him safe . 
 that they all kept him protected from the dangers and brutality of their world . 
 she did not kid herself into thinking it would be easy . 
 chapter 12 cassie sucked on the end of her straw , pulling the thick shake through it as she studied the group gathered around the picnic tables . 
 the crowded area was loud as kids shouted , laughed , and threw things at one another . 
 the football team had won their game tonight and it seemed that the entire school had turned out to celebrate . 
 chris shifted slightly beside her , his large body was crammed into the tiny corner they had managed to snag . 
 `` freaking mad house , '' he muttered . 
 `` it 's because you guys are so great , you should be happy , '' melissa told him . 
 he rolled his eyes , but they gleamed with pride . 
 though he tried to play it off like it was no big deal , he loved being the star of the team . 
 cassie 's gaze scanned the crowd as she waited impatiently for devon to arrive . 
 he had n't been able to make it to the football game , but he 'd said he would be here . 
 it was amazing how attached she had become to him in the past week . 
 she itched when he was not around ; her skin was uncomfortable when he was not there to soothe the burning that his absence created . 
 she still did n't understand the strange power he had over her , the fierce connection that blazed between them , but she had accepted the fact that she had no control over it . 
 he had inserted himself permanently into her life , creating chaos where there had been none . 
 but it was a chaos that she relished in , and needed as much as she needed air to survive . 
 she would be completely lost without his strong presence , and the hope that he had brought to her life . 
 her phone went off , the faint beep barely audible above the din surrounding her . 
 digging it out of her pocket , she flipped it open relieved to see the text from devon saying that he was on his way . 
 flipping it closed , she shoved it back in her pocket , unable to stop the small smile that flitted across her mouth . 
 `` devon on his way ? '' 
 chris asked quietly . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he nodded as his blue eyes scanned the crowd . 
 though he still was n't completely relaxed around devon , they seemed to have forged a strange friendship . 
 they watched tv together every night when devon came over to see her . 
 they commented on this and that , laughing or groaning depending on what was on . 
 they were both obsessed with the deadliest catch and cassie found it highly amusing to watch and listen to them . 
 she had grown accustomed to devon 's visits after school , looked forward to the time they spent together in her room before she had to go back to the grind of her nightlife . 
 she was still not used to having devon in her room , in her life even , but she had grown to like having him there . 
 a loud shout drew her attention to jack wells . 
 the quarterback was standing on one of the picnic tables , throwing french fries at anyone unfortunate enough to be close to him . 
 cassie rolled her eyes as melissa heaved a large sigh . 
 `` what an idiot , '' chris muttered . 
 `` boys will be boys , '' cassie said softly . 
 `` shoot me if i ever act like that . '' 
 `` oh , it 's a guarantee , and do n't forget i know how to use a crossbow . '' 
 he grinned at her . 
 `` yeah you do . '' 
 cassie scanned the crowd again ; impatient to see devon . 
 since she had made the decision not to fight her feelings , things had leveled out inside her , become more peaceful . 
 she could concentrate on her training again ; she was more settled , and more alive , than she had been in years . 
 she was still a tumult of feeling and sensation when it came to him , and she was beginning to believe that that feeling would never change . 
 there was a ripple in the crowd , a slight shifting amongst the students . 
 she knew instantly that he had arrived as his presence always caused a stir . 
 the boys were still slightly wary of him , and the girl 's eagerly followed his every move . 
 the girl 's had also started to give her angry , hate filled looks that she had not gotten used to receiving , and was perplexed by . 
 she had done nothing to them ; in fact she had considered most of them her friends . 
 until now . 
 she knew it was jealousy over her relationship with devon that fueled their anger , knew that they wanted him , but that fact did n't make the resentment from them any easier . 
 he walked gracefully through the crowd , not acknowledging the strange or lustful stares that followed him . 
 jack stopped tossing french-fries as devon moved past , not even he was crazy enough to throw a fry at devon . 
 though , cassie thought it might be entertaining to see . 
 devon did n't even acknowledge the winning quarterbacks presence as he moved swiftly past . 
 until devon had arrived , jack had been the most sought after boy in school . 
 now jack 's all american good looks could n't hold a candle to devon 's dark splendor . 
 cassie bristled slightly as marcy stepped in front of devon , halting his progress . 
 it was not jealousy that broke through her , for he did not look at other girls that way . 
 in fact , cassie knew that she was often the only person he saw . 
 he conveyed that to her with every one of his searing looks and gentle touches , for even now as he spoke with marcy , his gaze was focused upon her . 
 the smile on his lips was for her only . 
 no , it was not jealousy that tore through her , but aggravation that marcy had stopped him from coming straight to her . 
 she needed him to ease the aching tension clinging to her . 
 he spoke with marcy for a few moments , but his gaze remained firm upon her , his eyes warm and caring . 
 some of the anxiety eased from her , a small smile curved her mouth as she watched him . 
 the bond between them was fierce , and they still had n't even kissed yet . 
 in fact , they had done nothing more than hold hands and sit with each other . 
 she ached for his kiss she just did n't know what would happen when he finally did kiss her . 
 his touch was enough to drive her crazy , she could n't imagine what his kiss would do to her , but she was dying to find out . 
 yet , she did not rush it , did not try and make the first move . 
 she knew it would happen eventually , and that it would be as thrilling as everything else with him was . 
 for now , it was simply enough to be with him every day . 
 he nodded to marcy , giving her a brief smile before stepping casually around her . 
 excitement tingled through cassie as he came to her ; her body instinctively leaned closer to his as his hand slid easily into hers . 
 the burn and itch in her skin eased , allowing her to experience the bliss that he brought her . 
 he was the only balm that could ease her discomfort . 
 he stood close beside her , his chest pressed lightly against her shoulder . 
 the hand not holding hers wrapped possessively around her waist , and rested lightly upon her hip . 
 a small shiver worked its way down her spine , her eyes closed briefly as she relished in the pleasure that his touch brought her . 
 his scent engulfed her , filling her nostrils with the smell of fresh air tinted with the crisp hint of spices . 
 it was a scent she had grown used to , and she welcomed it with every fiber of her being . 
 his hand lightly stroked her hip , his fingers set up a firestorm within her that only he could start , and put out . 
 `` you look beautiful tonight . '' 
 his soft words and gentle breath blew against her hair , ruffling it slightly . 
 she shivered again , leaning closer to him as he gently nuzzled her neck . 
 his lips brushed over her skin , briefly caressing the nape of her neck . 
 for a moment cassie feared that her knees would buckle as her legs began to tremble fiercely . 
 he chuckled lightly , his hand tightened on her waist . 
 pulling her closer against him , he gently supported her suddenly weak legs . 
 cassie 's hand tightened around his . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 a loud shout echoed through the air , reverberating beneath the metal overhang of b 's and s 's . 
 cassie looked up as jack did a back flip off the table , landing perfectly on his feet . 
 `` what an idiot , '' chris said , tossing his empty shake into the trashcan . 
 `` he throws you the ball , '' melissa reminded him . 
 `` yeah , but that does n't mean he has a brain cell . 
 the guy relishes in being the stereotypical jerk jock , one of these days i 'm going to punch him . '' 
 cassie grinned as she shook her head . 
 `` you 'd be kicked off the team . '' 
 `` would be worth it . '' 
 chants began as mike daniels jumped onto the table , preparing to do his own jump off . 
 cassie sighed heavily . 
 `` this is n't going to end well . '' 
 melissa was already grinning brightly , a knowing twinkle in her dark eyes . 
 mike jumped off the table , spinning through the air . 
 his feet hit the ground , the left one skidded out from under him as he slipped on one of jack 's discarded fries . 
 he landed hard on his butt , a loud whoomph issuing from him as his breath rushed out . 
 laughter filled the air ; cassie nearly choked on her shake as a satisfied gleam lit melissa 's onyx eyes . 
 then she glanced past cassie , her forehead furrowed as her eyes narrowed sharply . 
 cassie stiffened , turning slightly to follow melissa 's gaze . 
 surprise riveted her to the spot . 
 luther stood on the other side of b 's and s 's , his eyebrows raised disdainfully as he watched jason climb onto the table . 
 his glasses slid down to the edge of his nose to perch precariously upon the tip . 
 the loose fitting jacket he wore hung off of his slender shoulders , making him appear even thinner than he was . 
 `` what is he doing here ? '' 
 chris asked softly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'll go find out . '' 
 melissa slipped past them , skirting the group gathered around the picnic tables . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 devon inquired softly . 
 cassie shifted slightly , not at all sure how to answer that question . 
 `` it 's melissa 's dad , '' chris told him . 
 `` i thought melissa 's parents were dead , '' devon said . 
 `` adopted father , '' chris amended , glancing briefly at devon . 
 `` but he 's raised her since she was a baby , so it 's her dad . '' 
 `` i see , '' devon said softly , his eyes coming swiftly back to cassie . 
 cassie swallowed heavily , barely managing a slow nod . 
 it was not entirely a lie . 
 she should not feel bad , but she did . 
 tearing her gaze away from his , she tried to keep her breathing , and her heart rate , under control . 
 `` were melissa 's parents with yours in the car accident ? '' 
 cassie 's mind fumbled with an answer for that , she knew what she was supposed to say , what they had been told to say , but her tongue could not get the lies out . 
 `` no , melissa 's family was in egypt at the time . 
 her mother died in childbirth , and her father was killed in the line of duty . '' 
 again , it was not entirely a lie , but it was chris who uttered the words , not her . 
 `` line of duty ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' chris answered his gaze intent upon devon 's . 
 `` he was in the british armed forces , stationed in egypt , where he met melissa 's mom . 
 luther and he were good friends , so luther adopted melissa when she was orphaned . 
 there was no other family . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 devon nodded slowly , his eyes slightly distant as he gazed down at cassie . 
 `` how sad for you all . '' 
 `` my mother is still alive , '' chris reminded him , unable to keep the bitterness from his voice . 
 `` chris ... '' chris 's anguished eyes swung toward her . 
 she knew chris loved his mother , but there was so much pain and anger between them that cassie feared their relationship could never be repaired . 
 her words trailed off ; there was nothing that she could say . 
 though he was grateful that his mother had been spared the massacre of that awful night , she knew he would give anything to be free of her , and his household . 
 he was eager to flee town as soon as they graduated . 
 a gentle breeze wafted over them , tickling the hairs at the nape of her neck , blowing strands of it across her face . 
 devon stiffened beside her , his hand stilled on her waist as he turned slowly toward the woods behind them . 
 nostrils flaring slightly , his eyes narrowed as he studied the shadowed forest . 
 his jaw clenched fiercely , a muscle jumped in his cheek . 
 the hand upon her waist tightened as he moved protectively closer to her . 
 confusion swirled through cassie . 
 she turned toward the woods , her gaze intently searching the darkened interior for some hint of what had caught his attention and upset him so . 
 she glanced back at him ; his eyes had turned a dark leaf green color , the tight clench of his jaw looked painful . 
 she frowned , not understanding what had him so tense , and focused upon the forest . 
 cassie 's attention was torn from him as melissa came back toward them ; she looked grim as she weaved gracefully through the crowd . 
 a chill of foreboding traveled down cassie 's spine . 
 melissa 's dark eyes met hers briefly , a strange hollowness radiated from her usually bright gaze . 
 `` is everything ok ? '' 
 chris asked quietly . 
 melissa shook her head , her attention turned briefly to devon . 
 he had turned away from the woods , but he was still wound as tight as a bowstring . 
 `` no , luther just received some bad news . 
 i 'm afraid i have to go . '' 
 cassie shifted , pressing briefly against devon in the hopes of easing some of his rigidity , but he did not relax . 
 he was so tense that he was not even breathing , she realized with a start . 
 `` do you want us to come with you ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 melissa sighed heavily . 
 `` yeah , he 's pretty upset . 
 it would be nice of you . '' 
 she glanced back at devon . 
 `` you know he thinks of you as family and i think he needs all the comfort he can get right now , '' she added for his benefit . 
 a cold shiver ran down cassie 's spine again , it turned the blood in her veins to ice as her heart lumbered to pump it through . 
 swallowing heavily , she managed a small nod . 
 `` of course . '' 
 she turned slowly toward devon , trying hard to keep the panic from her face as she met his fierce , dark gaze . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 he nodded , but she could tell that his thoughts were elsewhere , and that he was still unsettled . 
 though he had started to breathe again , he was still as solid , and unbending , as a rock . 
 his hand moved over her back , clenching briefly against her . 
 `` i will see you later . '' 
 cassie blinked in surprise ; the words had come out almost as a growl . 
 the fierceness in his hard gaze and the intensity of his words caused goose bumps to break out on her skin . 
 she did not know what was going on tonight with luther , or with devon , but her sense of foreboding kicked up another notch . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she agreed simply because she did n't know what else to say . 
 his eyes burned into hers , his hand was firm against her . 
 for a moment he seemed to have no intention of letting her go , and then his hands slid away . 
 `` be safe . '' 
 she frowned in confusion , puzzled as to why he would say that . 
 `` of course . '' 
 the intensity of his gaze did not lessen as she took a small step away . 
 she thought he was going to grab hold of her again as he made a small motion toward her , but then he stopped . 
 the quiet desperation in him tore at her , keeping her riveted . 
 `` come on cassie , we have to go , '' chris said gently . 
 she nodded to him , swallowing heavily as she turned slowly away from devon . 
 she could feel his gaze boring into her back as they moved through the crowd . 
 another gentle breeze wafted over them , but this one carried the strange sense of wrongness that had been present at the beach the other day . 
 cassie halted ; she turned slowly as the evil washed over her , and rooted her feet in place . 
 melissa and chris stopped beside her , their heads turned slowly as their gazes fixed upon the woods . 
 nothing stirred amongst the darkness , but she knew that something was out there . 
 knew that whatever it was it was evil , and it was thirsty . 
 she shivered , her arms wrapped instinctively around herself in a useless attempt to fight off the ice in her veins . 
 the crowd of students moved and shuffled around her , their laughter loud in her frozen ears . 
 their joy was oddly out of place in the pulsing malevolence encompassing her . 
 whatever was out there , she could feel its eyes upon her . 
 feel it watching her . 
 `` we have to go , '' melissa said softly , her normally strong voice wavering slightly . 
 cassie tore her attention from the woods ; her gaze instinctively fell upon devon again . 
 he was no longer watching her as he had turned back to the forest . 
 his attention was riveted upon the woods , his body taut once more . 
 a jolt tore through cassie as she realized that somehow , she did n't possibly know how , he felt the evil too . 
 chapter 13 `` i believe that an elder is here . '' 
 cassie 's legs ceased their swinging motion on the island she was sitting upon as luther slapped the paper down in front of them . 
 the large headline blazed up at her in big black lettering . 
 another woman killed by wild animal . 
 though she tried , she could not tear her gaze away from those words . 
 the paper had been on her counter this morning , but she had thought nothing of it as she breezed by to grab a box of cereal . 
 then again , she had not thought about much since devon had entered her life . 
 but now , for the first time since she had met him , devon was not foremost in her thoughts . 
 horror and nausea rolled through her . 
 her stomach in a tumult , her body broke out in a cold sweat , and her temples pulsed with the fierce beats of her heart . 
 for a moment she thought her life was flashing before her eyes , but then she realized it was just white lights blazing because she had forgotten to breathe . 
 she inhaled sharply , the air burned through her tortured lungs . 
 `` an elder ? '' 
 chris asked softly , his voice tight and choked . 
 luther nodded vigorously , shoving his glasses back up with his index finger . 
 `` yes , murders are up , and animal attacks have doubled over the past couple of weeks . 
 you know what that means . 
 now , it could be a young vampire , but i do n't believe so . '' 
 `` but you do n't know for sure ? '' 
 cassie asked her voice higher pitched than she would have liked . 
 he nodded again , his gray eyes grave as they met hers . 
 `` i 'm fairly positive cass . 
 this thing has been stalking people for a little while now . 
 it 's covering its tracks very well , something that younger vampires are not so discreet about , and tend not to do . 
 i would n't have noticed the trend if i did n't follow the newspapers so carefully . 
 i firmly believe that this thing is older , more powerful , and it is hunting here . '' 
 cassie shivered ; she wrapped her arms tightly around her middle again . 
 the painful knot in her stomach only clenched further , seeming to twist her intestines . 
 an elder . 
 they had never dealt with an elder before , never even come close to one . 
 and she had never wanted to . 
 it had been the elders that had grouped together to destroy the hunter line , determined to take them all out in one fell swoop . 
 though they had not completely succeeded , they had managed to slaughter hundreds of men , women , and children . 
 including their parents . 
 the massacre had left the hunter line straggling , broken , scattered and lost across the globe . 
 the survivors had fled for their lives , moving about continuously in order to stay hidden and alive . 
 before the carnage there had been almost six hundred hunters . 
 after , there were only thirty two known ones left . 
 that number included cassie , melissa , and chris who had n't been old enough to walk , let alone fight for their lives when the slaughter occurred . 
 it had been left to her grandmother , luther , and chris 's mom to keep them safe and alive . 
 chris had been telling the truth when he 'd said that luther was good friends with melissa 's parents . 
 luther had also been their guardian ; one of the people entrusted to train and protect the hunter line . 
 his duties as a guardian consisted of schooling them in the old ways , navigating them through vampire and hunter lore , and teaching them how to fight . 
 when the slaughter occurred luther had fled with melissa to germany , then japan , and finally to the u.s. where they had bounced around in search of survivors . 
 during the carnage , guardian 's had also been slaughtered ; there were only twenty one survivors that had been accounted for . 
 her parent 's own guardian , brent , had been murdered with them when the slaughter occurred . 
 all the guardians had known where the hunters had been located before the slaughter , but in the aftermath , many had been lost , maybe forever . 
 luther continued to search for more survivors , but his journeys always came up empty handed , and cassie knew he worried that he would n't find anymore . 
 with the small number of survivors , it was feared that the hunter line would eventually die out . 
 cassie did not plan on having children . 
 there was no way that she would leave them orphaned and alone after saddling them to this life . 
 and if she did n't have kids , and the others did not survive to have children , then it was only a matter of time before there was no one left . 
 it was luther 's biggest fear ; after their deaths , of course . 
 cassie tried to swallow the hard lump that had imbedded itself in her throat , but it was choking her , cutting off her air as it remained lodged in her windpipe . 
 it seemed that their time had come , much sooner than she had expected , far sooner than she had wanted . 
 tears burned the back of her eyes . 
 however , they were not tears of pain or sorrow , but of anger . 
 she was angry at fate , and this monster that had come into their lives . 
 it was not fair that she had finally found something good in her life , and now she was going to lose it . 
 she glanced around the room , her heart breaking for the only family she had ever known . 
 chris looked shell shocked , melissa 's gaze was distant and unfocused ; luther was frantic . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 chris asked softly . 
 luther turned toward him , the normally soft lines in his face hard and fierce . 
 `` we run . '' 
 there was a moment of stunned , breathless silence , before cassie and chris exploded at the same time . 
 `` what !? '' 
 luther nodded briskly , he folded his hands behind his back as he started to pace the confines of his kitchen . 
 `` none of you are ready to face an elder . 
 you have n't had enough training ; you do not know the full scope of this creature 's abilities . 
 no one fully knows what an elder is capable of . 
 you can not go up against that . '' 
 `` the three of us ... '' `` are not enough , '' he interrupted chris sharply . 
 `` your powers and abilities are nothing compared to what this creature may be able to do . '' 
 cassie 's head spun , her extremities went numb . 
 she felt as if she could slide off the kitchen island and become a limp pool of body parts on the floor . 
 there was nothing left to her . 
 `` how can you be so sure that this is even an elder ? '' 
 chris asked softly . 
 luther heaved a large sigh as he continued his relentless pacing . 
 `` i can not . 
 the biggest clue i have is the lack of evidence that the police have . 
 this monster is killing for the pleasure , and power , of it . 
 he is not turning them ; he is leaving their bodies behind with no blood , when he leaves them behind , but he also leaves no hint of his mark upon them , which is something that new vamps tend not to do . 
 the lack of blood at the crime scene is stumping police , but they are not digging too deeply into it . 
 probably because they do n't want to know . 
 also , most new vampires do not survive their first month . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why not ? '' 
 cassie gasped in shock , breaking free of her paralysis . 
 luther rolled his eyes as he shook his head . 
 `` you never listen to me , '' he muttered . 
 `` most new vampires are killed in their first month . '' 
 `` why ? 
 how ? '' 
 chris demanded fiercely . 
 luther shot him a fierce , disapproving look . 
 `` either by hunter 's , especially when there were more of you , or by other vampire 's . '' 
 cassie stared at him in stunned silence , her mind spun with the revelation . 
 luther shoved his glasses back up his nose and returned to pacing . 
 `` older vampires do n't want a lot of newbie 's around . 
 they do not want the human population to know that vampires are real , and young vampires tend to be careless about the conditions they leave their victims in , and the amount of bodies they leave behind . 
 they tend to raise questions that the elders do n't want raised . 
 also , hunting and killing another vampire is more power than a human , and more thrilling for them . 
 i imagine that they thoroughly enjoy it . '' 
 cassie inhaled sharply ; she found the brutal picture he was painting extremely disturbing . 
 they fought amongst themselves in search of a more thrilling kill , and more power ? 
 she knew that they were monsters , awful , horrendous , and despicable , but this was far beyond her scope of disgust and hatred for them . 
 nausea twisted in her already sour stomach . 
 `` how come we did n't hear about this fact before now ? '' 
 chris demanded . 
 luther stopped pacing ; folding his arms firmly over his chest he glared at him . 
 `` because you and cassie did n't want to learn about the lore , and the behavior of vampires , you just wanted to learn to fight . '' 
 cassie had the grace to look chagrined , chris did not . 
 melissa stood silently to the side ; she already knew what luther was talking about . 
 having grown up in the life , melissa had been taught everything as a child . 
 she also firmly believed that if she was going to know the future , then she needed to have a tight grip on the past . 
 and melissa was very much about the future and the things that were revealed to her . 
 however , cassie had resented her heritage as it was ; she did not want to learn more about it . 
 and chris , well if it did n't involve food , girls , and action then he wanted nothing to do with it . 
 `` well it 's all boring crap , '' chris muttered defensively . 
 luther 's jaw clenched , his eyes narrowed slightly . 
 `` well you just learned something new , and important , from that boring crap ! '' 
 luther snapped . 
 chris finally had the grace to look discomfited as he ducked his head . 
 `` so that is why i believe that we are dealing with an elder now . '' 
 `` the thing in the woods , '' cassie said softly , looking wildly at melissa and chris . 
 `` that 's what was out there tonight , and at the beach the other day . '' 
 `` how could it have been at the beach ? 
 it was daylight , '' chris argued . 
 cassie shook her head , hopping off the counter as she began to pace rapidly . 
 `` it was overcast though , probably cloudy enough for them to come out at that point of the day . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 luther demanded fiercely . 
 melissa quickly filled him in on what had happened the other day , and the strange feeling they had all experienced again tonight . 
 luther 's face was grave and thoughtful , his eyes distant as he studied the far wall . 
 `` we may never know exactly what an elder is capable of . 
 the scope of their powers may be far beyond anything we can even imagine . '' 
 cassie 's stomach rolled over again , and she was very fearful that she was going to throw up her strawberry shake before this night was over . 
 `` if it is watching you , then it 's likely that this creature knows what you truly are . 
 it is also likely that the three of you may have drawn it here . 
 it may have sensed your powers , and abilities , and it also may have noticed the deaths of its brethren do to you . 
 that 's why we must leave . 
 it will hunt you until it destroys you . '' 
 cassie abruptly stopped pacing ; she nearly tripped over her own feet as she stared at him in disbelief . 
 melissa slid limply off the island ; she rested her hand against it as her legs buckled slightly . 
 chris took a step forward , his eyes turbulent , yet blazing with a fiery determination . 
 `` no , '' cassie said softly , swallowing heavily as she tried to wet her parched throat . 
 `` no , i am not leaving , '' she managed more firmly . 
 luther looked at her in surprise , his eyes blinked rapidly behind his lennon style glasses . 
 `` what do you mean no ? 
 you do n't understand cassie ... '' `` i understand that you think this thing will kill us , and you may be right . 
 i also understand that we may have led this thing here ; i will not abandon the town , and the people i have known since childhood , to this monster . 
 it may kill us , but we are also the only defense that they have against it . 
 i will not leave them to be slaughtered because of us . '' 
 `` neither will i , '' chris said firmly . 
 melissa wet her lips nervously before straightening her slender shoulders . 
 `` we ca n't luther . 
 cassie 's right , this thing may be far more powerful than us , but we are the only defense here . 
 we ca n't abandon them ; it would be like leading the lambs to the slaughter . '' 
 luther stood silently for a moment , disbelief and something akin to pain bloomed in his eyes . 
 `` i understand your desire to stay , and i commend it , but i can not allow that to happen . 
 there are not enough hunter 's left to risk your lives . 
 i must keep you safe . 
 you can not stay here . '' 
 `` i will not allow innocent people to die because of us ! '' 
 cassie retorted fiercely . 
 `` they die every day . 
 your lives are more valuable , you do far more good alive than you do dead . '' 
 cassie stared at him in surprised disbelief , she felt as if she had been slapped . 
 she could not believe that he had just said that . 
 `` i 'm sorry to sound cruel , but it 's true . 
 if you are killed , then even more innocent people will die , you must weigh everything before coming to this decision . 
 sometimes we have to do things that we do not want to in life . '' 
 cassie took a step toward him as fury blazed through her . 
 `` i am already doing something that i do n't want to do every single day ! 
 i did not ask for this , but i will not run from it ! 
 not now . 
 i am staying , if you wish to flee then do so , but i will not ! '' 
 pain and anger flared through luther 's gray eyes , making them even brighter behind his glasses . 
 `` i do not wish to flee ! 
 it is the best for you . 
 my only charge in life is to see that you are prepared to fight , and to keep you safe . '' 
 cassie 's anger melted in the face of his anguish and hurt . 
 `` you can not keep us safe forever , it 's not possible . 
 you have done your best to train us luther ; you have to have faith in that . '' 
 he glanced at their determined faces . 
 his eyes were troubled and wide behind his glasses , his hands fisted tightly at his sides . 
 heaving a sigh , his set shoulders slumped in defeat . 
 `` fine , but you can not go hunting alone anymore . 
 the three of you must stick together , and you must wait for me to go with you . 
 no more running off on your own . 
 also , i want to know every time you have the same feeling that you had tonight . '' 
 he turned to melissa , his eyes intense and fierce . 
 `` have you had any premonitions about this ? '' 
 she glanced over them quickly , her dark eyes sad and distant . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` have you had any lately ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` nothing to do with vampires . 
 i knew we would win the game tonight , and i know that tomorrow , at lunch , marcy is going to announce the nominee 's for homecoming queen . 
 congratulations by the way , '' she added with a wary smile at cassie . 
 cassie lifted her eyebrows , but refrained from commenting . 
 the last thing she cared about was homecoming , or being queen . 
 maybe at one time she would have , but no longer . 
 her entire life had become focused upon her friends , her survival , and devon . 
 her heart gave a mighty thump as her attention returned to him once more . 
 they had left him at the side of the woods , within close proximity of that thing ! 
 panic tore through her as she whipped out her cell phone , sliding it open she frantically dialed his number . 
 she turned her back on them , pacing swiftly away as she listened to the endless ringing . 
 it clicked over to his voicemail ; she did not leave a message . 
 sliding the phone shut , her hand shook with the terror suffusing her . 
 taking a deep breath she tried to calm herself as she texted him quickly , asking him to call her as soon as possible . 
 turning slowly back to them , she knew she was unable to keep the horror from her face . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 melissa asked softly . 
 `` we left devon standing there , and he 's not answering his phone , '' she answered tremulously . 
 worry flitted over their faces as they quickly exchanged looks . 
 `` he 's fine , '' melissa assured her gently . 
 `` i 'm sure of it . '' 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 cassie demanded . 
 panic tore through her , nearly choking her as she struggled to remain somewhat calm . 
 `` if that thing is stalking us , would n't it go after him if he saw us together ? '' 
 `` it 's ok cassie . '' 
 chris grasped her arm gently ; his touch only slightly soothed her tumultuous emotions . 
 she turned from him , pacing rapidly back and forth , her fingers still clenched around her phone . 
 she had left him there , she had involved him in this , and she had left him there . 
 she had been too selfish to set him free , and now she may have cost him his life . 
 pain and anguish tore through her nearly crushing her with the ferocity of it . 
 she did n't think she could survive without him . 
 in such a short time he had become a part of her , she needed him even more than she needed her own extremities . 
 she could n't lose him ; she would lose the best piece of herself if she did . 
 she would hunt that thing down and destroy it if it hurt him , even if it meant destroying herself in the process . 
 her phone went off ; the ringing jarred her as she jumped in surprise . 
 relief flowed through her at the sight of his name and number . 
 opening her phone , she walked swiftly away from them . 
 `` is everything ok ? '' 
 he demanded immediately . 
 cassie took a deep breath , fighting the tears of relief that burned her eyes . 
 `` yes , yes i. . . 
 uh i just wanted to say hi , '' she lied badly , feeling like a complete idiot as her face flamed red . 
 he did n't speak for a moment , and she could hear the wind rushing past his car as he drove . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 his voice was still fierce , the tension in it unmistakable . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure . '' 
 `` are you still with melissa and her father ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` how are you getting home ? '' 
 `` chris will take me . '' 
 `` i could pick you up . '' 
 cassie licked her lips nervously , she glanced briefly at everyone but they were engrossed in their own conversation . 
 she desperately wanted to see him again , to make sure that he was safe and that he stayed that way , but this was going to be a long night , and it would be better if he went home . 
 where he would be safe until morning . 
 she sighed heavily . 
 `` no , that 's ok ; we 're going to be here awhile . '' 
 there was another long stretch of silence . 
 `` ok , let me know when you get home safely . '' 
 she frowned at the command , surprised to hear him so worried about her safety again . 
 she suddenly recalled his strange reaction earlier , the tension in his body as he had turned toward the woods . 
 she recalled him still watching the forest intently after she had walked away . 
 with a sudden jolt of surprise , she realized that he had sensed it to , that he had felt the evil and hatred that had permeated the air around them . 
 her hand tightened around the phone . 
 she knew , of course , that there were humans with their own special gifts . 
 there were those with esp , telekinesis , telepathy , and many other strange abilities that manifested in them . 
 she suspected that perhaps devon was one of them . 
 she did n't know exactly what his ability was , but it seemed to be somewhere along the lines of chris 's talent . 
 what surprised her most was the fact that chris had not picked up on it . 
 he had sensed no power inside of devon , no special gifts . 
 he would have told her if he had . 
 she thought that chris would have recognized it immediately , especially if devon 's gift was similar to his own . 
 instead , he had felt nothing except for a strange darkness . 
 maybe that darkness was devon 's gift . 
 maybe because their abilities were so similar that devon 's acted as a block against chris 's own power . 
 sighing softly , cassie closed her eyes . 
 she rubbed her temple as confusion and angst tore through her . 
 this was one more thing that she simply could not deal with at the moment . 
 there was already too much on her plate to even attempt to put the pieces of this puzzle together right now . 
 pushing aside all questions and doubts , she focused upon her conversation with him once more . 
 `` i will , '' she promised softly . 
 he was silent for a moment more , and she could almost feel the tension radiating from him through the phone . 
 `` good night cassandra . '' 
 he purred her name , making her shiver in delight as she closed her eyes , savoring in the sound of his voice . 
 `` goodnight devon . '' 
 she reluctantly hung up , hating the loss of connection between them . 
 slipping her phone into her pocket , she turned slowly back to the others . 
 she had no intention of telling them what she had just discovered about devon . 
 they had more than enough to deal with right now . 
 besides , she was n't one hundred percent certain that she was right , and she did n't want to divulge something about him that he probably preferred to keep private . 
 maybe he was n't even sure that he had such a gift . 
 `` he 's fine . '' 
 `` good , '' chris said briskly . 
 `` now , do you think we should tell your grandma and my mother about this ? '' 
 cassie sighed heavily as she was drug back into the harsh reality of her world . 
 chapter 14 devon stepped around the back of the tree , folding his arms over his chest as he watched cassie disappear safely inside . 
 he breathed a sigh of relief as the door closed behind her , the click of the lock reached him even at his distance of two hundred feet . 
 crossing his legs , he leaned against the tree , prepared to stay there for the entire night . 
 he was not going to leave her unprotected until he knew who it was that had been in the woods tonight . 
 he knew what it was , as he had recognized one of his kind immediately . 
 he also knew that they were angry , hungry , powerful , and power thirsty . 
 it wanted blood , and devon had felt its fierce interest in cassie . 
 he had also felt the intense desire the creature directed at her . 
 for that reason , he was more inclined to believe that it was a male . 
 anger bristled through him as he shifted slightly . 
 he did not want anyone else looking at her , or wanting her in such a way . 
 let alone someone that wanted to hurt her . 
 as soon as he found who was out there , he was going to destroy them . 
 they could not be allowed to run free , not in this town , and not with cassie present . 
 they would go for her , and he could not have that . 
 no one was going to touch her , no one was going to hurt her , and absolutely no one was going to taste her blood , or turn her . 
 she was his , she belonged to him , and as long as he was alive he would keep her safe from any harm . 
 including himself . 
 hunger sparked in his veins , burning through him . 
 his canines pricked , feeling heavier and sharper as his thoughts turned briefly to feeding . 
 he 'd had no time to hunt tonight , not food anyway , as he had been too busy trying to find the creature that was stalking the town . 
 now , with thoughts of cassie on his mind , the hunger sparked to life with a vengeance . 
 he ran his tongue over his teeth , surprised to find that they had lengthened on their own . 
 he usually had control over such a thing , unless he had gone to long between feedings and was extremely hungry , or primed for the kill . 
 he was neither of those things now . 
 it was simply thoughts of her that excited him so . 
 heaving a large sigh , he ran his hand absently through his hair . 
 it was going to be a long night , as he had no intention of leaving in order to satiate his hunger . 
 the light in her room flicked on . 
 he waited , anticipation clutching at him as she moved in front of the window , her lithe body was outlined by the curtains . 
 she peered out for a moment , her gaze scanning the woods . 
 though he knew that she could not see him , he slid into the shadows , hiding behind the large oak once more . 
 when he came back around , she had disappeared from view . 
 he leaned against the tree , trying not to think about the fact that this was what he was doing at the moment . 
 in all his seven hundred and fifty two years , he had never thought that he would be standing outside of a girl 's room , watching her , keeping her safe . 
 humans were only good to feed off of , to hunt , to stalk , and he had n't done that in over a hundred years so he had simply taken to avoiding temptation . 
 his gaze drifted back to the window . 
 she was no longer in sight , but the knowledge that she was there soothed the aching loneliness in him . 
 she was all that he needed to get through the endless days and nights of his solitary existence . 
 his thoughts turned to luther . 
 it was the first time he had seen the strange man that cassie had spoken of in her dream . 
 confusion twisted through him as he recalled the strange , thin man , standing in the shadows of the restaurant . 
 why did luther have such a pull over her , such an effect on her , on all of them ? 
 devon 's hands clenched on his arms as he recalled the confusion and slight fear that had eclipsed her in their dream , recalled the hesitance that had filled her when she had spoken of melissa 's father . 
 and tonight , the minute the man had appeared they had all swiftly disappeared to follow him back to his house . 
 a house they all spent a fair amount of time at , a strange amount of time at . 
 what the hell was going on with them ? 
 he dropped his head into his hand , he rubbed the bridge of his nose as he thought over all of the strange things that seemed to circle around the three , no four , of them . 
 a strange niggling began to take hold of him . 
 it was all oddly familiar , and yet strangely unfamiliar . 
 frustration filled him ; he was so close to putting a finger on it , yet the answer continued to elude him . 
 he lifted his head , frowning as the light in her room went out , though the flicker of the tv could still be seen . 
 glancing over at chris 's house , he was surprised to find that he appeared to have no intention of leaving for the night . 
 after a few minutes the light in his room also went out . 
 devon waited , leaning against the tree , but chris did not emerge . 
 devon shoved aside all of his doubts and questions as a fierce desire claimed possession of him . 
 he slid from the shadows , moving swiftly across her open yard . 
 not fully understanding what drove him , he grasped hold of the tree he had watched chris climb before . 
 he made his way quickly up the branches , climbing with the agility and grace that only one of his kind could possess . 
 he paused outside her window , not sure what he had been thinking , not sure what to do . 
 he just knew that he wanted to see her again . 
 he had to see her again . 
 there was something out there that wanted her with a ferocious hunger . 
 something that wanted to take her away from him , and he could not have that . 
 that knowledge spurred him into action ; he could n't be separated from her for a moment longer . 
 not pausing to think about it , he reached out and rapped lightly on the window . 
 his breath caught when she appeared before him , a beautiful angel silhouetted against the dark night . 
 her golden hair tumbled around her shoulders in thick waves that framed her exquisite face . 
 the long blue t-shirt she wore fell to mid thigh , baring her creamy skin . 
 his baser instincts leapt to life , his mouth watered as his hands clenched the tree branch . 
 this was quite possibly the biggest mistake he had ever made , but he could n't bring himself to care . 
 not when he got to look at her like this . 
 her stunning eyes widened when she caught sight of him , her rosebud mouth parted slightly as she stared in astonished silence . 
 then , she was moving swiftly , unlocking the window , sliding it up as she leaned toward him . 
 her sweet scent of strawberries and spices assailed him , the beat of her heart pounded in his ears , instantly arousing the hunger that was ever present whenever she was near . 
 `` devon , '' she breathed , her husky voice causing a small shiver to run down his spine . 
 her eyes raked over him , the desire radiating from her caused his own to intensify tenfold . 
 he had felt her want for him before , but it was stronger tonight , deeper and more urgent . 
 he did n't know where it had come from , what had caused it , but he was n't sure he could resist it . 
 his hand tightened around the branch , he had to stop himself from tearing it from the tree as he fought the fierce urge to seize hold of her and ease the burning hunger raging through him . 
 this had been a mistake ; he never should have come here , not as tumultuous and unsettled as he was . 
 he could hurt her ; he would hurt her if he lost control . 
 though he knew that he should go , he did not move . 
 he could n't leave her . 
 she took a small step back , turning slightly to allow him access to her room . 
 he hesitated , knowing that if he went through that window there would be no turning back . 
 if he entered that room , he knew he would never be able to separate from her again . 
 and he did not care . 
 he did not care about anything but holding her , feeling her , being with her . 
 hunger and need burned through him , but he could control it . 
 he would control it . 
 he could deny himself anything to be near her , to be with her , to keep her safe . 
 he moved swiftly through the window , rising slowly to his full height before her . 
 she gazed up at him with wide eyes that gleamed in the glow of the television . 
 the light played over her perfect features , robbing him of all reason as he simply gazed at her , unable to move . 
 he sensed a strange vulnerability about her tonight , a wealth of sadness and fear that he had never seen before . 
 he did not know what had happened with luther , but it was obvious that it had troubled her greatly . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she asked , slightly breathless . 
 he did n't know what he was doing here ; he just knew that this was where he was supposed to be . 
 where he was always supposed to be . 
 `` i had to see you , '' he said honestly . 
 her eyes widened even more , tears filled their bright depths . 
 those tears broke his paralysis . 
 reaching out , he wrapped his hand gently around the back of her head . 
 the feel of her instantly soothed the raging beast , instantly calmed the fierce urges clamoring loudly inside him . 
 he pulled her against him , relief filling him as her body melded against his , fitting perfectly , completing him . 
 though no air came out , he breathed a sigh of relief , his fingers stroked through her silken hair as he caressed the back of her head . 
 he had to remember to be careful around her , remember to pretend to breathe , and to keep her away from his nonexistent heartbeat . 
 he had to remember to be gentle , to keep his strength restrained so as not to hurt her . 
 but he found it difficult to concentrate on such things whenever he was around her . 
 `` cassie , '' he murmured , dropping his head into her hair , nuzzling her softly . 
 a fiery ache for her spread through his whole body . 
 his grip on her tightened , his body hardened as he held her . 
 her arms wrapped around him , clinging to him as her fingers dug into his back . 
 he did not know how long he held her , simply taking pleasure in the feel of her . 
 the rightness of her body against his robbed him of all sense and reason . 
 time had no meaning in heaven , and he knew that this was as close to heaven as he was ever going to get . 
 this was the only bit of heaven he would ever know in his world of death and destruction . 
 the flow of light from the moon drew his attention to the fact that it was getting late . 
 he did not want to leave her , but he could not keep her up all night . 
 she needed her rest , needed her sleep . 
 she was far more fragile than he . 
 she was a breakable , mortal human . 
 the thought seized hold of him , sending a fierce bolt of bloodlust surging through him . 
 his fangs sprang free . 
 shaking , unnerved , he struggled to keep hold of himself . 
 he fought fiercely to keep the demon inside , though it was bursting to get free of its cage . 
 it was bursting to sink its teeth into her , bursting to drain the sweet , pure blood that pounded deliciously through her veins . 
 it clamored to deplete her , and change her , and make her his forever . 
 it clamored to make her immortal , and strong , and safe from the world of imminent death she resided in . 
 a tremor wracked through him , his grip tightened upon her . 
 `` devon , '' she said softly . 
 he realized that his hold upon her had become painful . 
 she did not strain against him though , did not complain . 
 he fought to regain control , fought not to think about the appealing blood he could hear pumping through her veins . 
 he knew she would be wonderful , a powerful rush unlike any he 'd ever known . 
 then he would turn her , make her his forever , and keep her safe from the ultimate finality of her fragile life . 
 the temptation was so fierce , so overwhelming that he dropped his head to the side of her neck . 
 he caught the scent of her blood , fierce and strong . 
 the enchanting smell assailed him , causing uproar inside of him . 
 the bloodlust shook him , the beast screamed to be soothed by her , appeased by her . 
 his lips pulled back . 
 his teeth were painful with their need to be sated , throbbing with their desire to pierce her . 
 they were heavy and sharp and aching to bite down , aching to sink deep into her tender flesh and feast upon her . 
 `` devon ? '' 
 a tremor tore through him again , shaking him . 
 he could not be denied , he would not be denied . 
 and then she caressed him . 
 her delicate fingers stroked over his back , soothing the beast inside of him . 
 he shuddered , burying his head in the side of her neck as he struggled fiercely to regain control of himself . 
 reason began to return as her gentle touch lulled him , slowly returning the monster to its cage . 
 what had he been thinking ? 
 he had been about to condemn her to his world . 
 a world of darkness and brutality . 
 he had been about to take the light from her . 
 had been about to rob her of her purity and goodness , of her innocence , and he had been about to do it against her will . 
 he had to get away from her , stay away from her . 
 she rocked his self restraint , his control , and in his world those were two things that he desperately needed to keep under wraps , or he would kill someone . 
 shuddering , he caressed her hair once more . 
 he would watch over her until the threat was gone , but he could not be near her anymore , could not hold her again . 
 the thought tore through him with a burning rage that seared the inside of him , and left ashes in its wake . 
 agony blazed hotly in him , he felt the loss acutely , even though he still held her against him . 
 she tilted her head up , her bright eyes gleaming in the light . 
 her beautiful face broke his heart , shaking him completely , leaving him rattled and lost to her forever . 
 in that moment he knew he could leave her , that he could go to the opposite side of the world , but she would be with him for eternity . 
 she would remain burned into his heart , his thoughts , and every fiber of his being . 
 he would never be without her , never be free of her ; never escape her . 
 and he did n't want to be . 
 even if he could not be beside her , he wanted to carry her with him everywhere he went , no matter how far . 
 `` i should go . '' 
 his voice was tight , but he had regained most of his control . 
 she simply stared at him , the longing in her eyes almost more than he could stand . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 he blinked in surprise , not sure what to say , or do . 
 her long lashes lowered over her eyes , heat flared through her creamy cheeks . 
 a soft groan issued from him . 
 her eyes came back to his , hesitant and shy . 
 her sweet simplicity was heart wrenching . 
 she was far too good for him , and everything that he was . 
 he was a monster and a killer , and she was an angel . 
 when he did not speak , her face flushed even redder , fire climbed high into her cheekbones . 
 `` i uh ... i did n't mean ... '' her voice trailed off , she ducked her face , hiding it from him . 
 brushing back her silken hair , he cupped her face gently , feeling the heat of her skin against his palms . 
 her eyes flitted up to his . 
 `` i know , '' he said gently , hoping to ease some of her embarrassment . 
 `` i know what you meant . '' 
 he traced his thumb gently over her lip , relishing in the soft fullness of it . 
 he could stay with her , lie beside her , and keep her safe as he held her through the night . 
 he could control himself for that . 
 he could give himself this , and then he would leave tomorrow . 
 even as he thought it , he knew he lied . 
 he was not leaving her . 
 it would never happen . 
 his feelings for her were to strong , to powerful , and he was acutely aware of the fact that he knew what that meant . 
 that he knew what she was to him now , what she would always be , and how this would all end . 
 he just did not want to think about it . 
 not now , because the ending was something that he did n't want for her . 
 the ending was something that she would not want for herself , and he hated the fact that he may end up forcing his life upon her . 
 now , he simply needed to hold her and protect her and keep her safe . 
 even if he may end up being the most dangerous thing to her . 
 he would just have to learn to control himself around her , and he would have to make sure that he was well sated whenever she was near . 
 but he could not leave her ; he did not think he could survive if he was unable to touch her , to know that she was safe , and that she was with him . 
 to lose her would destroy him . 
 on some primitive level , he knew that he could not survive without her . 
 `` beautiful , '' he whispered . 
 her lashes swept the delicate curve of her cheek as she ducked her face once more . 
 he gently nudged her chin up again . 
 when her eyes met his , he bent slowly , wanting to give her time to deny him . 
 wanting to give her time to come to her senses and flee while she still could . 
 she did n't move , did n't even breathe as he bent slowly over her . 
 his lips brushed over hers in a butterfly caress that nearly shattered him as the glorious feel of her suffused him . 
 the touch of her lips healed every broken bit of him . 
 it soothed the loneliness of his life , made him forget the hunger and ruin of his existence . 
 though she did not make right the many deaths that stained his soul , she greatly eased the pain that resided permanently inside him . 
 he deepened the kiss , needing more of her . 
 light and warmth suffused him . 
 whiteness embraced his essence , pushing out the black as his hands tightened in her hair . 
 he was trying to go slow , trying not to scare her , but he wanted more . 
 he wanted all of her . 
 the fiery hunger tore through him once more . 
 pulling away , he struggled to regain control as he met her wide , stunned eyes . 
 slowly , she lifted her fingers to her mouth , gently touching them to her lips in awe . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 he asked worriedly , frightened that he had gone to fast and scared her . 
 she smiled tremulously . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he clutched her tightly to him again , needing her warmth and strength as he struggled to maintain restraint . 
 `` it 's late , you should lie down , '' he ground out . 
 she gave a small nod , but did not look at him again . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he led her slowly over to the bed . 
 the blankets were pulled back from where she had laid before he arrived . 
 he stared at the bed , wanting nothing more than to crawl in beside her and hold her tight . 
 she sat down , her head bent , her golden hair tumbling forward in luxurious waves . 
 sliding her legs onto the bed , the t-shirt she wore pulled back slightly to reveal a mouth watering view of her creamy thigh . 
 devon tightened everywhere , stiffening as more than just bloodlust tore through him . 
 then she looked at him again , her face bright red , her innocence almost intolerable . 
 lifting her hand to him , she moved over . 
 `` lie with me for a little bit . '' 
 for a moment he could almost feel his heart trip hammering , almost feel it turning over in his chest with a fierce slam that shook the place where it had once beat . 
 she was testing the very limits of his control , nearly destroying the small thread he still had upon his self restraint . 
 then her gaze darted to the window , and he saw the fear that crossed her face , flashed swiftly through her eyes as she gazed at the dark night . 
 he turned slowly , searching for any hint of danger with his far superior eyes , and with every ounce of his vast power . 
 though he knew that the monster was still out there , he could not sense it now . 
 it was either far away , or it was strong enough to mask itself at a distance . 
 his stomach turned slightly . 
 though he was more powerful than most vampires in existence , cassie was not . 
 the thought of something that strong out there pursuing her , made the decision for him . 
 if he stayed with her tonight , he would know that she was safe , protected . 
 turning from the window , he kicked his sneakers off . 
 she slipped further over as he climbed onto the bed beside her . 
 her eyes were wide as he laid back , wrapping his arm around her shoulders and pulling her gently down . 
 she curled up like a sweet kitten against his side , nuzzling him gently as her hand rested lightly upon his chest . 
 he grasped hold of her hand , keeping it away from the empty hollowness of where his heart should beat . 
 devon remained stiff , unable to relax due to the fire burning through him . 
 he stared unseeingly at the pictures flickering across the tv , holding her tight as she eased against his side . 
 soon , her breathing evened out , her hand relaxed against his . 
 he felt the moment when she fell asleep . 
 her trust in him was absolute as she gave herself over to him in her most vulnerable , helpless stage . 
 he nuzzled her hair ; his fingers gently stroked the nape of her delicate neck . 
 he did not deserve her trust , for she did not know what he truly was . 
 if she did , she would probably run screaming into the night . 
 the thought terrified him . 
 it was something that he would have to make sure never happened . 
 he could not lose her , nor could he shatter her innocence by being the one to tell her that the world was truly cold , heartless , and filled with monsters . 
 though he knew that one day he would have to leave her in order to keep her protected , he could not bring himself to let her go now . 
 not yet anyway , he would leave soon , return to his post outside at a safe distance from the vast temptation that she was . 
 and one day , no matter how much it might destroy him , he would leave for good . 
 maybe he could just tell her ... he instantly squashed the thought . 
 how could he shatter her innocence ? 
 how could he destroy the sweetness in her with the knowledge of the true horrors that walked their world ? 
 he could n't . 
 he could never do that to her . 
 and even if he did , what guarantee did he have that she would stay with him ? 
 he was a monster . 
 why would anyone want to stay with a monster ? 
 his grip on her tightened , self loathing washed through him . 
 he was not strong enough to leave her , and he was too much of a coward to risk losing her . 
 he had done many awful things in his life , but this was by far the worst . 
 he could n't let her go , but even he realized that by keeping this from her , he was keeping the biggest part of himself hidden . 
 the caring and trust she gave him was not complete . 
 it could n't be complete without the truth he could never reveal . 
 she would hate him if he did . 
 and that would destroy him . 
 chapter 15 cassie woke slowly the next morning ; her mind was still groggy from the deep , dreamless sleep that had claimed her . 
 memories of the night assailed her ; she stiffened slightly as she realized that devon was still beside her , his arm draped over her waist , his body melded against her back . 
 pleasure swept through her ; heat warmed her body , causing her toes to curl against his jeans . 
 his kiss had been everything she had known it would be . 
 it had filled her entire being , warming and melting places she had long thought frozen and dead . 
 he had healed all of the jagged and torn pieces of her soul ; filled the holes with his soothing presence . 
 he made her stronger than she had ever thought she could be , stronger than she had ever imagined being . 
 he completed her . 
 he was everything that she needed , and she would willingly die to keep him safe from the evil within their town . 
 his hand tightened upon her waist as she nestled closer to him , needing the strength of his body . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 the words were groaned in her ear through his teeth . 
 she instantly stopped moving , holding her breath as he stiffened around her . 
 she did not know what was wrong with him , but it had almost sounded as if he were in pain . 
 he moved so suddenly , and swiftly , that she did n't even have time to blink before he had rolled away from her , and was on his feet . 
 cassie gasped in surprise as she sat up , but he had his back turned to her . 
 his gaze was focused upon the window , and the rising sun . 
 his hands were clenched tightly at his sides , the muscles of his forearms bulged with the tension that coursed through him . 
 he seemed to be waging a silent battle , over what she had no idea , but she was disturbed by the tension radiating from him . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 he turned his head toward her ; his emerald eyes were dark in the early morning light . 
 his hair was tussled from sleep , giving him a boyish appeal that melted her heart . 
 silhouetted against the morning sun he was the most splendid man she had ever seen . 
 `` fine . '' 
 some of the stress seemed to be easing out of him ; his voice was not as tight . 
 music suddenly blasted into the room , cassie jumped in surprise , her heart leapt wildly . 
 it took her a few seconds to pinpoint the source of the racket . 
 turning swiftly over , she hit the off button on her alarm clock . 
 dismay filled her as she realized that the world was intruding upon them , crashing down on the blissful peace she had found in his arms throughout the night . 
 `` i need to go . '' 
 she turned back to him . 
 he had turned fully around again , his stance was n't as rigid , his hands unclenched at his sides . 
 he had taken a step closer to her . 
 `` i 'll see you at school . '' 
 she nodded , not knowing what to say . 
 she did n't want him to leave , did n't want to be apart from him for even a moment , let alone an hour . 
 he took a deep breath , seeming to brace himself before striding over to her . 
 bending down , he dropped a soft kiss upon the tip of her nose . 
 smiling brightly up at him , her hand lightly stroked over his forearm , taking note of the thick , corded muscles that flexed beneath her touch . 
 she marveled at the feel of his skin and the dark hair sprinkled over it . 
 she could have stayed in bed , touching and feeling him all day long . 
 he hesitated for a moment , and then pulled quickly away . 
 slipping his sneakers back on , he moved with startling grace , and speed , to the window . 
 casting a quick glance over his shoulder , he smiled softly at her before disappearing swiftly outside . 
 cassie gaped for a moment before tossing her blankets aside and springing to her feet . 
 she hurried to the window , surprised to find that he had already disappeared from view . 
 frowning , cassie realized that she had not heard his car start . 
 had he walked over here last night ? 
 the sudden realization hit her that she did n't even know where he lived . 
 it was more than a little disturbing . 
 she was falling helplessly in love with him , seemingly bound to him in a way that she had never wanted to be bound to anyone , and had never thought possible . 
 yet , she knew nothing about him . 
 she felt that she knew what kind of man he was , but that was all she knew . 
 leaning her head against the window , cassie took a deep breath in order to try and calm the disquieting thoughts racing through her . 
 sliding the window shut , she threw the lock and hurried to the bathroom to get ready for the day . 
 she tried not to dwell on her upsetting realization about devon as she went through her morning ritual . 
 but try as she might , she could not keep the endless questions from running through her mind . 
 brushing her hair out , she clipped it up to keep it off the nape of her neck . 
 hurrying downstairs , she braced herself for the conversation she was going to have to have now . 
 her grandmother was already at the stove , humming happily as she danced around the kitchen to toby keith singing about america . 
 her strawberry blonde hair had been pulled into a ponytail that bounced against her shoulders . 
 she was a small woman , barely five foot , but she was slender with an athletic , fluid grace . 
 she turned to cassie , her beautiful face lit up as her sky blue eyes landed upon her . 
 the lines around her eyes crinkled merrily as she slid a bowl of oatmeal to cassie . 
 `` brown sugar and creme , the way you like it . '' 
 `` thanks grandma . '' 
 cassie took the bowl , but she did not sit , or grab hold of the spoon . 
 this was a conversation she was certain would turn into a battle , but it was inevitable ; she had to warn her grandma , she could not leave her unprepared , and vulnerable . 
 she returned to singing merrily as montgomery gentry came over the radio . 
 `` grandma , we need to talk . '' 
 her grandmother turned back to her , the merry smile slipped from her face . 
 her light eyebrows drew sharply together over the bridge of her delicate nose . 
 her eyes darkened , going from sky blue to deep brown in an instant . 
 cassie was not unnerved ; she was used to this trait of her grandma 's . 
 though some people thought it was a genetic flaw , it was in fact what happened when her grandmother reached out to her spirit friends , communing amongst them . 
 cassie sighed and plopped onto the stool . 
 sometimes her grandma would talk to her spirits for long periods of time , even forgetting that other people were present . 
 cassie played with her oatmeal as she waited . 
 though the three spirits that visited her grandma had become her grandma 's friends over the years , her grandma had never known them in life , and she had never been visited by someone that she had known . 
 sometimes through her three `` friends '' , her grandma was able to communicate with other people 's loved ones , but never her own . 
 cassie found it a cruel twist of fate for her grandmother to have her husband , and her daughter ripped away from her , but never be able to speak with them again . 
 cassie 's grandfather had been killed three years before her mother ; he had lost a battle to a vampire . 
 just like they all would . 
 her grandmother did not think it was cruel . 
 she had once told cassie that it would have been more painful if she had been able to speak with her loved ones . 
 `` something has come to town , '' she said softly . 
 cassie dropped the spoon ; she focused on her grandma 's once more blue eyes . 
 this time however there was no humor in them , but a grave sadness . 
 though she spoke often with her `` friends '' they were never able to tell her anything that might impact the course of her fate , or cassie 's . 
 telling her grandmother that something had come to town was their vague , roundabout way of trying to warn her of the danger that had arrived . 
 `` yes , '' cassie answered . 
 sliding off her stool , she rested her hand on the countertop . 
 `` luther believes that there is an elder here . '' 
 terror flashed across her grandmother 's delicate features . 
 she took a small step forward before leaning back against the counter . 
 cassie reached for her , afraid that her grandmother was going to collapse . 
 then , she straightened her delicate shoulders and stepped away from the counter . 
 `` does it know that you are here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but it looks that way , '' cassie answered honestly . 
 `` you can not stay here . 
 you must leave . 
 all three of you must get somewhere safe . '' 
 cassie had known that this was coming , and she had been dreading it , but she had not changed her mind . 
 in fact , after last night , she was more convinced than ever that she could not leave . 
 she would not let the town go unprotected , and she could never leave devon unprotected . 
 taking a deep breath , cassie braced herself for the battle that was about to ensue . 
 `` no grandma , we are n't going anywhere . '' 
 her grandmother 's mouth dropped . 
 `` what do you mean you are n't going anywhere ? '' 
 she demanded fiercely . 
 `` we ca n't abandon this town , we can not leave everyone to face this danger alone , and unprotected . 
 the hunter 's were made to protect innocent people ; it 's what we were created for . 
 we have been prepped for our shortened life spans , for the threat of death that constantly overhangs us . 
 we can not simply run because this may be a difficult time . '' 
 her grandmother stared at her in startled disbelief . 
 `` may be difficult ? 
 may be difficult ? '' 
 cassie winced at her grandma 's hysterical tone and the raw panic in her voice . 
 `` cassie , if this thing finds you , if it figures out what you are , it will kill you ! 
 there is no difficulty in that ! '' 
 `` grandma ... '' `` do n't you grandma me ! 
 you get up those stairs and get your bags packed , now ! 
 i have lost my husband , my daughter , and my son-in-law to these monsters ! 
 i will not lose my granddaughter ! '' 
 cassie 's heart ached for her , and the losses that she had experienced , but she could n't back down . 
 no matter how much she hated the anguish in her grandmother 's eyes , she could not leave this town . 
 `` you would n't leave if it were you grandma . 
 think of all of the innocent people that will lose their lives if we do . '' 
 her grandmother 's eyes flashed brown for a brief moment before she focused her full attention on cassie again . 
 `` i left with you . 
 i left innocent 's behind then . '' 
 a knife twisted in cassie 's chest . 
 she could not argue with that . 
 she had given up everything for cassie , and now , when her grandmother desperately wanted her to , cassie could not return the favor . 
 that fact was killing her , but she could n't back down , she simply could n't . 
 `` i 'm only telling you about this so that you are aware of the danger , and you can stay safe . '' 
 `` cassandra ... '' before she could finish the sentence , cassie stepped forward and hugged her tightly . 
 tears slid silently down her face as she clung to her grandmother 's slight frame . 
 `` i 'm sorry grandma , you know i would do anything for you , but i ca n't do this . 
 you know that this is right ; you know that we can not leave them . 
 i know that you are scared for me , i am scared , but we must stay . '' 
 her grandmother shuddered , her head dropped to cassie 's shoulder . 
 `` you will be safer , more aware out there . '' 
 `` always , '' cassie vowed . 
 her grandmother squeezed her tight and pulled quickly away . 
 her bright eyes shimmered with tears , but her cheeks remained dry as she met cassie 's gaze again . 
 `` my brave girl , just like your mom . '' 
 a cold chill went through cassie . 
 she had been told she was just like her mother her whole life . 
 she looked like her mother , she moved like her mother , and she acted like her mother . 
 the only difference was that cassie was not gifted and her mother had possessed the powerful ability to move objects with her mind . 
 cassie did n't mind looking and acting like her mother . 
 she did not , however , want to die young like her mother . 
 yet , right now , her life seemed to be heading along that same path . 
 only she would be seven years younger than her mother 's twenty four when she died . 
 cassie fought the bone wracking shudder that tore though her , she desperately wanted those seven years . 
 they may not seem like much , but they would be precious , and she had a very bad feeling that she was going to be cheated of them . 
 `` there are times i wish that luther had never found you . '' 
 cassie tried to push aside the cold terror , and aching hurt , that was firmly embedded in her belly . 
 `` there are times i wish that too , '' she admitted softly . 
 if luther had never found her that day , then she and chris never would have known that they were hunter 's . 
 chris 's mother , and her grandmother , had decided to keep the truth hidden from them . 
 they had been determined to keep them safe , and to raise them as normally as possible . 
 until luther arrived , chris 's power had been passed off as a psychic ability that some normal people may have possessed . 
 at the time , cassie 's grandmother believed that they were the last of the hunter line , and that no one would come looking for them . 
 they had been wrong . 
 `` you will be safe , right ? '' 
 cassie asked worriedly . 
 her grandmother smiled , but it did not reach her eyes . 
 `` do n't worry about me dear , do n't you ever worry about me . 
 you do n't get to be my ripe old age without knowing how to take care of yourself . '' 
 cassie nodded , but she was not completely soothed . 
 she knew her grandmother ; she was not one to sit idly by , especially if she thought she would be keeping cassie safe . 
 she could only hope that she did n't do something crazy . 
 `` eat your breakfast dear , chris is on his way over . '' 
 cassie glanced back at her bowl of oatmeal , but she had no appetite . 
 `` i 'll see you tonight grandma , i love you . '' 
 she dropped a quick kiss on her soft cheek as she grabbed hold of her bag and slung it over her shoulder . 
 `` love you too dear . 
 have a good day . '' 
 cassie glanced back at her , but she was still staring out the window , a distant look on her pretty features . 
 a chill of apprehension slid down cassie 's spine . 
 chapter 16 cassie played with the applesauce on her plate , twirling it over on her spoon ; her thoughts were distant and distracted . 
 she could not get the lonely image of her grandmother out of her head , or shake the foreboding that had seized hold of her . 
 devon took hold of her hand , his touch soothing some of her tension . 
 looking up at him , she managed a wan smile as she met his troubled gaze . 
 `` what is wrong ? '' 
 shaking her head , she dropped her spoon ; seizing hold of his hand she once again noted that it was abnormally cold . 
 she frowned as she ran her finger over his skin , savoring in the feel of him . 
 his circulation had to be poor for him to be this chilled . 
 either that , or he had just come from outside as it was a little brisk for september . 
 shrugging it off , she managed a small smile for him . 
 `` nothing , just not that hungry . '' 
 he did n't seem to buy it as he stared hard at her . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she studied him carefully for a moment , her questions from earlier returning to her . 
 `` devon , where do you live ? '' 
 quirking an eyebrow , a small smile flitted across his full lips . 
 `` is that what has you so distracted ? '' 
 cassie shrugged absently . 
 `` i just realized that i do n't know much about you . '' 
 something flickered in his eyes . 
 it was a quick flash , but she was certain that she saw it . 
 she could n't be sure what it had been though , but for a moment she thought it was fear . 
 but why would her question cause him fear ? 
 `` well , we will have to remedy that , '' he said softly , his hand tightened briefly around hers . 
 `` my place is in oyster hills . '' 
 cassie blinked in surprise ; she did n't know much about oyster hills , except for the fact that it was very expensive , and highly upscale . 
 `` wow . 
 what do your parents do ? '' 
 his jaw clenched tight , a muscle jumped in his cheek . 
 `` they 're dead . '' 
 cassie gasped , horror filled her . 
 `` i 'm so sorry ; i know how awful that is . '' 
 he shrugged absently , his finger caressing her hand lightly . 
 `` it was a long time ago . '' 
 `` but the hole never heals , '' she whispered . 
 his distant gaze came back to hers , tender and loving as he studied her . 
 `` i suppose not . '' 
 swallowing heavily , she leaned closer to him , hoping to ease some of the pain she knew such a passing left . 
 `` do you mind me asking what happened ? '' 
 she inquired softly . 
 he hesitated for a moment , before shrugging . 
 `` they were killed . '' 
 cassie 's eyes widened , anguish filled her as she studied his hard countenance . 
 though curiosity filled her , she decided against pressing further . 
 she knew how much it could upset someone ; how the wound never completely healed . 
 no matter how much time passed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to pry . '' 
 he smiled at her , kissing her hand gently . 
 `` anything you wish to know , you just ask . '' 
 leaning closer to him , she was surprised to realize that she had completely forgotten about the noise and confusion of the cafeteria . 
 he had a way about him that made it very easy to forget that the rest of the world even existed . 
 he had a way that made it impossible to focus on anything , except him . 
 she rested her head on his shoulder , savoring in his scent as he gently caressed her hair . 
 closing her eyes , she allowed herself to drift into him , relishing in the comfort that he brought her . 
 `` would you like to see my place today ? '' 
 she glanced up at him , grinning brightly as she nodded . 
 `` i would . '' 
 his eyes twinkled merrily as he dropped a chaste kiss upon her forehead . 
 the memory of the passionate kiss they had shared last night assailed her , leaving her longing for more . 
 for a moment a tremor of fear trickled through her . 
 what would happen if they went to his place alone ? 
 though the thought did arise some fear , she could n't stop her pulse from racing with excitement . 
 a new commotion snapped her eyes to the center of the cafeteria . 
 marcy had grabbed a chair and was pulling it into the center of the room . 
 mrs. kindel shook her head , but did n't stop her as marcy brought forth a microphone and climbed onto the chair . 
 cassie had no idea where the microphone had come from ; she did n't want to know either . 
 `` hello , testing . '' 
 everyone in the room winced as the microphone squealed loudly . 
 `` ok , i have some announcements to make , '' marcy continued when the noise died down . 
 cassie glanced at melissa , who smiled superiorly back at her and gave a quick wink . 
 groaning inwardly , she slid slightly down in her chair , hoping that she could somehow be overlooked . 
 devon was frowning in confusion ; his dark eyebrows were drawn tightly together as he studied marcy like some strange bug . 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 `` homecoming nominations . '' 
 uncertainty swirled in his eyes . 
 cassie stared questioningly at him , but he did n't say anything more . 
 for a moment , she could have sworn that he had n't known what she was talking about . 
 but that could n't be possible , no matter how small a school he had come from , they would still have homecoming , would n't they ? 
 he leaned slightly back , his emerald eyes darting to marcy as a mask of indifference slipped over his face . 
 cassie 's hand tightened briefly around his as doubt continued to swirl through her . 
 he glanced back at her , his eyes darker and more intense than normal . 
 their eyes locked forcefully , cassie 's heartbeat picked up . 
 all of her doubts vanished as she was lost to him once more . 
 his thumb stroked over her skin , causing her body to heat everywhere . 
 she could not wait to be alone with him later . 
 `` now , when i call your name please come up here . 
 thanks . 
 nominees for homecoming king are mark young , hector rodriguez , jack wells , chris tempen ... '' cassie beamed happily , clapping loudly as marcy called off chris 's name . 
 chris 's fair skin blazed red as he stood to a raucous chorus of cheers and whistles . 
 he bowed and waved to everyone as if he were royalty . 
 marcy frowned angrily , her voice breaking off as the cheers continued . 
 chris and jack were pounded on the back by the rest of the football team as they made their way to the center of the room , and marcy . 
 `` ok , settle down ! '' 
 marcy called into the microphone . 
 she waited impatiently , her foot tapping , and her arms folded across her chest as the cheers slowly died down . 
 marcy rolled her eyes but as she glanced down at the piece of paper in her hand , a sly smile played across her lips . 
 a feeling of foreboding stole through her . 
 `` the final nominee is devon knight . '' 
 cassie 's mouth parted slightly , shock coursed rapidly through her as cries of delight , and loud clapping sounded through the room . 
 it was mostly the girls that applauded and shouted , making it apparent which side of the nomination he had received . 
 cassie turned slowly back to him . 
 he was sitting stiffly in his chair , a blank expression on his face , but a hard gleam in his eyes . 
 this was not his thing , not at all , and it was more than obvious that he did n't want it . 
 she was n't entirely sure he even knew what it meant . 
 then he moved swiftly , sliding elegantly from his chair as he rose gracefully . 
 he glanced down at cassie , warmth momentarily melting the ice in his eyes . 
 gently releasing her , he moved swiftly and elegantly to stand beside chris . 
 the cheers grew louder , the higher pitch of the girl 's voices reverberated in the large cafeteria . 
 though some of the boys clapped , including chris , most did not . 
 this time , marcy did not urge everyone to quiet down as she smiled brilliantly . 
 instead , she waited patiently for the commotion to stop . 
 anger filled cassie as she glanced around the cafeteria , taking note of all the girls staring ravenously at devon . 
 marcy was the worst offender , as her crush on chris had obviously switched to devon . 
 though cassie knew that devon did not want any of them , she still did n't like the fact that they all wanted him . 
 and not a one of them gave a damn that he was already with her . 
 `` it 's ok , '' melissa said softly , leaning forward to be heard over the commotion . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` then why are you glaring at every girl in this room like you want to hit them ? '' 
 she inquired . 
 `` maybe not every girl . '' 
 `` just marcy ? '' 
 cassie could n't stop the laugh that escaped her as she shook her head at melissa 's teasing . 
 cassie tried to catch devon 's eye , but he did not look at her again as he studied the other boys . 
 jack and hector were playfully pushing each other ; mark was wearing a goofy grin and flexing his muscles . 
 chris was standing quietly , his arms folded over his chest , but he was beaming from ear to ear as he winked at the girls closest to him . 
 they all looked so young and immature , devon seemed vastly older and out of place amongst them . 
 cassie 's heartbeat picked up , her hands curled on the table . 
 who was he ? 
 she wondered again . 
 why did he seem so far beyond her age , and everyone else 's ? 
 `` now the nominees for homecoming queen , '' marcy continued when the noise finally quieted down . 
 `` the nominees are amanda jenkins , sharon crosby , kelly standish , cassandra fairmont ... '' loud cheers and whistles erupted around the room as she rose , but unlike devon , her appreciative audience was mostly male . 
 cassie flushed hotly as she slipped from the table . 
 she tried to keep her shoulders straight as she hurried to stand beside kelly . 
 the dark , angry looks from most of the girls in the room followed her , along with the leering stares of the boys . 
 her skin crawled with the mixed emotions blazing against her . 
 trying to keep as collected as she could , she kept her face expressionless , but inwardly she was a seething mass of turmoil . 
 marcy sighed loudly , tapping impatiently at the microphone to get everyone 's attention . 
 slowly the caterwauling died down with only a few whistles and shouts still piercing the air . 
 devon 's face had become even harder , his jaw clenched tight as he met cassie 's gaze briefly . 
 it was apparent that he disliked the attention of the men toward her , almost as much as she did . 
 she wished that she could reach out and touch him ; she desperately needed the comfort that he always brought her . 
 `` and finally , '' marcy continued with a bright grin on her face . 
 `` myself . '' 
 there was more applause , but it was not as enthusiastic , and marcy was unable to hide her annoyance . 
 `` here are your nominees for king and queen , voting will begin in two weeks . 
 everyone , consider your candidates carefully and vote on the people you think deserve it most . 
 thank you all . '' 
 marcy dismounted from her chair , eagerly accepting the congratulations she received as she made her way through the crowd . 
 cassie wished she could be as thrilled as marcy , but she had never wanted popularity , never wanted the attention that came with it . 
 unfortunately she had been launched into the role during her freshman year , when puberty set in . 
 it had taken her awhile to learn how to deal with the sudden influx of interest . 
 over the years she had gotten a lot better with it , but she still did not like being thrust into the spotlight . 
 and she most certainly did not want to be swamped by a bunch of people trying to congratulate her . 
 she was not surprised that most of them were boys . 
 devon was also surrounded by a group of well wishers , most of them girls , but a few of the guys had appeared to shake his hand . 
 he looked highly uncomfortable as ariel drake grasped hold of his hand , clutching it tightly , nearly falling over him as she leaned close . 
 cassie fought back a smile of amusement as he gave ariel a wan smile while discreetly trying to free his hand from her death grip . 
 he finally succeeded but janet and jenna howe immediately pounced upon him . 
 cassie heaved a sigh , realizing that she would have to rescue him if he was ever going to get free of the swarm of girls . 
 and from the look on his face , he was in desperate need of rescuing . 
 mark johnson stepped swiftly in front of her , blocking her attempt at reaching devon . 
 fighting back the fierce urge to groan and roll her eyes , cassie met his dark , stormy gaze . 
 `` hello cassandra , i 've been trying to get you alone for the past few days , but you 're always busy . '' 
 cassie glanced back at devon , but now he was encircled by linda drake , helen potts , and marcy had reappeared . 
 he was never going to get free on his own now . 
 `` i 'm sorry mark ... '' she tried to move around him , but he sidestepped , swiftly blocking her path . 
 she frowned up at him , aggravated by the interruption . 
 `` i just wanted to congratulate you cassandra . '' 
 mark always called her by her full name ; she suspected it was because he thought it would separate him from everyone else in her life . 
 it did not . 
 his eyes sparked as his gaze ran appreciatively over her . 
 unable to stop herself , she took an involuntary step back . 
 she hated the way his leering look always made her feel as if he could see right through her clothes . 
 her skin began to crawl in disgust . 
 `` maybe you 'll be my queen . '' 
 as much as the idea made her stomach turn , cassie managed a brief nod . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 she tried to sidestep him again , but once again he blocked her path . 
 her aggravation level mounting , she folded her arms firmly over her chest as she stared fiercely at him . 
 `` i was thinking that maybe we could go to b 's and s 's tonight , '' cassie was already shaking her head , but he continued on . 
 `` maybe catch a movie . '' 
 `` no mark , i 'm sorry . '' 
 he blocked her path once more when she tried to escape him . 
 this time however , there was no amusement , or leering , in his fierce gaze . 
 cassie was stunned by the depth of anger that radiated from his deep brown eyes . 
 `` is this because you 've become the new guy 's toy ? '' 
 cassie blinked in surprise , and then anger flared through her . 
 `` i 'm nobody 's toy mark ! '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` slut then ? '' 
 the word snapped all the anger out of her as shock and horror rolled forth . 
 she had never been called that before , never been verbally attacked like this before . 
 oh , she had been called many things over the years , but never this , and not with this much anger , and hatred . 
 it was the hatred that shocked her most , leaving her speechless and shaken . 
 she had never been hated before , never thought it would feel like this . 
 it left her hollow and uncertain . 
 she took a step back , just wanting to escape now , but he followed her . 
 his eyes burned as he bore down upon her , his mouth pursed , and his large shoulders set stiffly . 
 she did not fear for her physical safety , she did n't think he would do anything here , and she knew that she was stronger than he was . 
 if she could fight off a vampire , she could fight off one very angry teenage boy , but it was the last thing that she wanted to do in a crowded cafeteria . 
 however , she was concerned about what he would say next , and she was certain that she did n't want to hear any more of it . 
 `` you know what you are cassandra , you 're just a tease . 
 you 're a twisted bitch that loves to tease people , playing with their emotions and wrapping them around your little finger . '' 
 cassie 's mind stuttered , searching for words that momentarily failed her . 
 swallowing heavily , she tried hard to think of something that would somehow ease the tension of the situation . 
 `` i have never led you on mark , '' she said gently , fairly certain that he was about to explode . 
 `` you walk around here , strutting around like you 're better than all of us ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 bile rose in cassie 's throat , her stomach turned and knotted painfully . 
 the words stung like a whip , but it was the cold fury radiating from him that made her want to throw up . 
 she did not know what was wrong with mark , what had sparked this fury inside him , but she did know that he was swiftly losing control . 
 she looked quickly around ; searching for some kind of help , but everyone was busy congratulating the nominees , or escaping for their next class . 
 she could n't even see devon anymore , mark completely blocked him out . 
 she was on her own . 
 `` mark , i 'm sorry , i. . . '' 
 `` you 're a whore ! '' 
 cassie 's mouth dropped open as shock and horror once more slammed through her . 
 her arms encircled her stomach in an effort to try and keep her lunch down . 
 she was n't entirely certain that it was going to work as her stomach lurched threateningly . 
 `` mark ... '' `` a no good whore , '' he growled . 
 he reached for her , but cassie turned aside , just barely dodging his beefy hand . 
 disgust filled her , slowing her to the point that she could hardly move . 
 rage blazed through his eyes , it flared his nostrils . 
 for the first time , she was afraid of the fury that suffused him . 
 she was not entirely sure that she could beat someone that was as crazed as mark obviously seemed to be right now . 
 `` whore ! 
 giving it away to everyone ... '' mark was suddenly ripped back ; his feet came off the floor as he was pulled two feet up and away from her . 
 cassie 's eyes widened in surprise , her mouth dropped . 
 for a stunned moment she did n't know what had happened , who had grabbed hold of him . 
 and then she saw devon as he shoved mark against the wall , his hand wrapped fiercely around mark 's throat . 
 his green eyes were dark and dangerous , his lithe body taught with the anger that radiated from him . 
 `` do n't you ever talk to her like that again ! '' 
 he snarled , his hand tightening around mark 's neck . 
 mark coughed , beginning to struggle within devon 's grasp as his eyes bulged . 
 `` do you understand me ? '' 
 mark nodded enthusiastically , coughing again as he struggled to breathe . 
 his fingers clawed at the tight hold devon had upon him , but devon 's grip did not lessen . 
 though devon was slightly shorter and not as broad as mark , it was more than obvious that he was quite capable of beating mark in a fight . 
 in fact , cassie was fairly certain that mark would n't stand a chance . 
 devon 's hand tightened briefly , causing panic to flash across mark 's features . 
 `` if you ever even talk to her again , '' devon growled his voice pitched so low that even cassie had to strain to hear him . 
 `` i will make you pay for it , and i will make this look like it was a good time . '' 
 a chill swept down her spine at the threat , a threat she was certain he would make good on . 
 mark managed another brief nod , his gaze darted briefly toward cassie , his eyes rolled with panic . 
 devon shoved him back hard again , releasing him at the same time . 
 slumping forward , mark rested his hands on his knees as he gasped for air . 
 devon took a step toward her , putting his body effectively between the two of them . 
 cassie peered around devon 's back , too flabbergasted to fully comprehend everything that had just happened . 
 mark 's face was beet red , either from lack of oxygen , or anger . 
 his shoulders were set tightly , but he did not look at either of them as he stormed into the crowd . 
 cassie 's eyes widened as she took in the students still present to witness what had just happened . 
 though the cafeteria had emptied a lot , there were at least twenty of them still gathered about . 
 it would only be a matter of time before this incident was all over the school . 
 oh well , she thought with a sigh , she had n't wanted to campaign for homecoming queen anyway . 
 devon turned toward her , his eyes fierce and dark , his hard jaw clenched tight . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 cassie blinked at him in surprise , unable to get her malfunctioning brain to work correctly as she tried to focus her full attention on him . 
 `` cassie , are you ok ? '' 
 he seized gently hold of her , pulling her a step closer to him . 
 the touch she had always found so soothing , now only served to confuse and disorient her more . 
 what she had just seen , it could n't have been possible , could it ? 
 she studied him carefully , her mind spinning . 
 could a human be that strong ? 
 but what else could he be , but human ? 
 she scanned him rapidly , feeling slightly sick . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the words popped out in a choked whisper before she could stop them . 
 the hands on her arms tightened briefly as his body hardened subtly . 
 a look of resignation filled his eyes and cassie had the gut sinking feeling that she had somehow managed to push him away from her . 
 `` did he hurt you ? '' 
 he asked , the words coming through clenched teeth but carrying no hint of anger . 
 cassie shook her head , trying to clear it of the stunned fog that clung to her . 
 `` no , '' she managed to whisper . 
 `` no , i 'm fine , '' she said with a little more conviction . 
 his gaze ran over her , but it did not warm . 
 `` let 's get you to class . '' 
 panic tore through cassie . 
 this was not the devon she knew . 
 this was not the man that gazed at her warmly , and touched her reverently . 
 this man was hard and cold and distant , and she was the one that had caused this change in him . 
 he had been trying to protect her , and she had pushed him away with her confusion and doubts . 
 she may not know as much as she would like about him , but he was new to town , and part of the fun in a relationship was supposed to be getting to know the other person . 
 was n't it ? 
 her gaze darted to where he had pinned mark against the wall , lifting him as if he weighed no more than a feather . 
 the strength it had taken was amazing , startling . 
 it was a strength she had never seen in a human being before . 
 she turned slowly back toward him , tilting her head to study him as her doubts slowly started to build into full fledged panic . 
 who was he ? 
 what was he ? 
 he gently took hold of her arm , but she could feel the cold distance that lingered in him . 
 slowly , she looked toward melissa and chris . 
 melissa 's head was tilted curiously to the side , her dark eyes intense . 
 chris stood stiffly , his arms folded over his chest . 
 he gave devon a brief nod of approval , one that cassie instantly recognized as a `` guy '' thing . 
 chris found nothing wrong with what had just happened , he was just impressed that devon had stood up for her , and that he had beaten mark in their brief encounter . 
 cassie rolled her eyes at chris as she heaved a sigh . 
 she would never understand men , and their vast amounts of testosterone . 
 `` come on cassie , '' devon urged , though his tone was gentle she could still hear the tension in it . 
 she followed him slowly out of the cafeteria , so lost in her own thoughts , and doubts , that at first she did n't notice the whispers and glances cast their way . 
 slowly , they penetrated her haze . 
 every student they passed shot them looks while whispering behind their hands . 
 cassie frowned fiercely ; her pride shoved aside her hurt and confusion as she straightened her shoulders and determined to ignore all of their gossip . 
 chapter 17 cassie played idly with a blade of grass , pulling it lazily from the ground before letting it drop back down . 
 she was tired , achy , and more than a little chilled . 
 the sudden drop in temperature that had started earlier in the week , had made the night far cooler than she was prepared for with her light windbreaker . 
 she huddled deeper into her coat , knowing that it was not only the night that chilled her , but also the events of the day . 
 she had seen devon only briefly at the end of the day . 
 he had still been cold , detached , and not completely himself . 
 he had not mentioned coming over to his place again and neither had she . 
 she had needed to get away from him for a little bit , to clear her mind , but it was not working out as well as she had hoped . 
 she tried not to think about the distance that had lingered around him , or the doubts that continuously plagued her now . 
 she tried to keep herself focused on the here and now . 
 but her mind would not cooperate as it kept jumping back to the tenderness and wonder of last night . 
 then she would recall her extreme lack of knowledge about him , and the strange strength that he had possessed today and her stomach would turn and her mouth would go dry . 
 she shuddered , huddling deeper as she flipped her collar up . 
 `` it 's not that cold out , '' chris muttered , his gaze rapidly scanning the cemetery . 
 cassie shrugged absently before she returned to picking at the grass . 
 she wanted to get home as soon as possible ; she hoped that devon would come to her room again tonight , but she was doubtful that it would happen . 
 her heart lurched in her chest , her pulse pounded in her ears as excitement and desire tore through her . 
 no matter what had happened today , no matter her doubts and confusion , she desperately wanted to see him again . 
 she did not care about anything other than seeing him , and easing the distance she felt between them now . 
 it was unreasonable , unnatural the way she felt . 
 her concerns should slow her down , should make her warier of him , but they did n't . 
 she cared more about seeing him than she did about the possibility that there might be something wrong with him . 
 that there may even be something truly deadly , and off , about him . 
 cassie shivered again , huddling deeper into her light coat , hating the chill in her bones . 
 melissa threw aside the english essay she had been working on . 
 for a moment cassie thought that something had arrived . 
 that a fight was finally about to ensue , and cassie was spoiling for a fight . 
 then , melissa pinned her with her intense , steady gaze . 
 `` ok , what 's up ? '' 
 cassie blinked in surprise . 
 `` nothing , '' she answered automatically . 
 melissa gave her the ` i 'm not an idiot look , ' and lifted her dark eyebrows almost to her hairline . 
 `` come on cassie , we all know you better than that . 
 something 's on your mind and it has you pretty upset . 
 now spill . '' 
 cassie glanced quickly over them , noting the inquisitive looks that chris and luther gave her . 
 heaving a big sigh , she tossed away the remaining blades of grass she had picked and climbed swiftly to her feet . 
 though she felt as if she might be betraying devon by talking with them , she knew that melissa and chris were the two people that would have the most insight into him . 
 she paced slowly back and forth , not sure how to begin . 
 finally , she just decided to jump in . 
 `` what exactly have you seen about devon ? '' 
 melissa stared at her in surprise , her dark eyes becoming turbulent and distant . 
 shaking back her black braid , her eyes focused on cassie once more . 
 `` aside from his arrival , i 've seen nothing else about him . '' 
 `` what did you see about that then ? '' 
 cassie demanded , a sense of urgency filling her . 
 melissa tilted her head curiously . 
 `` not much cass , i just saw him coming , and i saw brief glimpses of the two of you together . 
 i knew that he was coming for you . '' 
 those last three words caused a chill to run down cassie 's spine . 
 coming for her , he was coming for her . 
 but why ? 
 what did he want with her ? 
 cassie shuddered , feeling like a turtle as she tried to pull all of her exposed skin into her jacket . 
 it was a poor attempt at trying to hide from the world . 
 `` you saw nothing wrong with him though ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 the three of them exchanged surprised , wary looks , before focusing their attention on her once more . 
 `` no cassie , not at all . 
 i would have warned you if i had . 
 why are you asking this ? '' 
 cassie chose to ignore the question as she turned to chris . 
 `` and what did you feel from him ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 chris looked briefly confused before shaking his head . 
 `` not much , '' he admitted slowly . 
 `` i told you i ca n't really read him . '' 
 cassie absorbed this information slowly , not knowing what to make of it . 
 chris could get a glimpse of everyone . 
 he was one of the main reasons she had never dated mark . 
 chris had sensed something off about him , although mark had never done anything wrong , never acted badly in any way before today . 
 his doubts about mark had been spot on though . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 she asked softly , the chill in her becoming an ice storm that seemed to freeze the blood in her veins . 
 chris shook his head , looking thoughtful and distant . 
 `` i do n't know cassie , i really do n't . 
 for the most part there is an impenetrable wall around him that i ca n't pierce , and believe me i have tried . 
 that guy is a challenge that i would love to master , but i ca n't . '' 
 she swallowed heavily , trying to huddle deeper into her jacket , but there was nowhere for her to go . 
 there was nowhere for her to hide anymore . 
 chris 's words only caused her doubt , and confusion , to escalate higher . 
 what did that mean ? 
 how did a human keep chris at bay ? 
 unless , of course , he really did possess the same ability as chris , and somehow it did keep chris blocked out . 
 then , she caught something that he had said . 
 `` for the most part ? '' 
 she inquired softly . 
 he nodded , folding his arms over his chest as he leaned against a white oak . 
 the leaves were still mostly green in the tree , almost black in the dark night , but a hint of color had made its way into the outer leaves . 
 that hint of color was now the shade of blood . 
 cassie 's stomach rolled with that realization . 
 `` there is one thing that he ca n't keep blocked out . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 melissa asked eagerly when chris did not continue . 
 chris 's gaze pierced cassie . 
 `` his feelings for you . 
 he ca n't keep those hidden , they radiate out of him like a lighthouse beacon calling home the ships . 
 it 's why i kinda like the guy . 
 i know that he cares deeply for you , and he would do anything for you . 
 i have to like someone like that . '' 
 warmth swept through cassie , slightly melting the iceberg that had enshrouded her . 
 `` really ? '' 
 she whispered hopefully . 
 `` yes . '' 
 tears burned the backs of her eyes , but she would not shed them . 
 not here , not in front of them . 
 her doubts and fears lingered , but chris 's words had warmed her to the tips of her toes . 
 `` why are you asking this cassie ? '' 
 luther inquired softly . 
 `` i was just wondering , '' she tried to bluff . 
 it was more than obvious that he did n't believe her . 
 `` you never just wonder , now what is going on ? '' 
 she paced restlessly back and forth , not sure how much she wanted to say . 
 sighing heavily , she spun to face them . 
 `` did n't you find the incident in the cafeteria today odd ? '' 
 chris 's face darkened with anger , melissa nodded eagerly . 
 `` i can not believe mark said those things to you ! 
 i was going to punch that guy myself if devon had n't got there first ! '' 
 chris spat . 
 `` he was wicked quick to defend you . '' 
 melissa 's eyes took on a dreamy look . 
 cassie sighed loudly ; apparently melissa had decided to jump on the `` i love devon '' bandwagon also . 
 but that was not what frustrated her right now . 
 was she the only one that had noticed something off about what had happened today ? 
 and just how quick had devon been ? 
 the last time cassie had seen devon , he had been across the cafeteria , and then suddenly he was there , tossing mark around like a rag doll . 
 `` another reason i like the guy , '' chris muttered . 
 luther studied them all carefully before piercing her once again with his intense gray eyes . 
 nothing ever slipped past luther , and he often saw far more than she wanted him to . 
 `` there is more , is n't there ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 taking a deep breath , cassie decided to just plunge in . 
 she needed to unload some of her confusion , doubts , and burdens on someone . 
 and she trusted these three with her life . 
 `` i 've come to care for him , a lot . '' 
 that was the understatement of the year , but she did want to keep some things to herself . 
 `` and i realize that i know nothing about him . '' 
 `` well , he 's new , '' melissa defended . 
 `` it takes time to get to know someone . '' 
 cassie licked her lips nervously , turning she began to pace again . 
 `` i know that , i understand that . 
 what i do n't understand is how he sensed that evil presence the other day ... '' `` what ? '' 
 melissa interrupted sharply . 
 `` he knew that it was there , even before we did . 
 i felt it in him , felt the tension that took hold of him moments before we even felt it . 
 he knew it was there ... '' `` there are humans with special abilities , '' chris interjected . 
 `` yes , i know that , but this was different chris . 
 i do n't know how to explain it , but it was . 
 it got me thinking about how little i really do know about him . 
 then today , in the cafeteria , the strength he displayed . 
 what human could do that ? '' 
 they exchanged quick glances . 
 `` some humans are very strong . '' 
 `` that strong melissa ? '' 
 cassie demanded sharply . 
 `` he lifted mark with one hand , and mark is not exactly a light weight . 
 one hand ! '' 
 cassie realized her voice had taken on a slightly hysterical pitch , but she could not rid herself of it . 
 silence met her . 
 their gazes became distant . 
 `` what are you trying to say cassie ? '' 
 luther asked gently . 
 `` do you think he might be a hunter also ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 that 's why i 'm talking to you guys about this . 
 but would n't you know if he was ? '' 
 luther frowned , shrugging absently . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i would like to think so , but things are so different now . 
 i can look for hunter 's , but there is no guarantee that i will know them when i find them . 
 melissa had a premonition about yours and chris 's location . 
 you were easy enough to find as i had met your mother once , and you look a lot like her . 
 however , even with the few premonitions melissa 's had about other locations , i have never found another hunter . 
 i do n't know if i would recognize him if he is one . '' 
 cassie digested this slowly , she supposed that would make sense , but it still did not ease the anxiety clutching at her . 
 `` he said that his parents had been killed , but he did n't say how , maybe they were actually killed during the slaughter . 
 but if he does have chris 's ability , would n't he be able to sense us ? 
 would n't he come to us ? 
 would n't he want to be with people like him , instead of on his own ? '' 
 `` he may not know what we are , '' melissa said gently . 
 `` if he is keeping chris blocked , then chris may be doing the same thing to him . '' 
 `` maybe , '' cassie muttered , still not completely convinced . 
 `` i do n't understand where you 're going with this , '' melissa said gently . 
 `` what do you think he is ? '' 
 cassie threw her hands impatiently up as she resumed anxiously pacing once more . 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 she exclaimed in exasperation . 
 `` you do n't think there is something wrong with him , do you ? '' 
 cassie frowned , biting her bottom lip gently . 
 `` i. . . 
 no ... i do n't know , '' she finished lamely . 
 they inhaled sharply , their foreheads furrowed with doubt and confusion . 
 `` no cassie , i would have seen that , '' melissa said , though her voice was hesitant and not quite as confident as normal . 
 `` and the way that he feels about you . '' 
 chris shook his head , stepping away from the tree . 
 `` no . 
 no one can feel that strongly about someone if there is something wrong with them . 
 what he feels is very pure and it 's ... well i have never felt anything like it before . 
 i know that i 've never felt that way about anyone . 
 it 's amazing cassie , that 's the only way i can describe it , and it 's the only thing that gets through . '' 
 tears burned her eyes again . 
 `` really ? '' 
 she breathed . 
 he gave her a lopsided grin , his shaggy hair falling into one of his sapphire eyes . 
 `` would i lie to you ? '' 
 she managed a wan smile . 
 though they had managed to ease some of her fears , she could not shake the doubts that clung stubbornly to her . 
 there were just so many things that she did n't know . 
 though , she did know that all she really wanted was for him to come to her room again tonight . 
 maybe if she talked to him she would feel better about this whole situation . 
 a flash of movement amongst the trees caught her attention . 
 her head snapped to the left , her eyes narrowed as she searched the shadowed woods . 
 though luther had not wanted them to come out here tonight , they had insisted upon it . 
 some of the stories in the paper had led luther to believe that there was an elder out there ; today 's news had led them all to believe that there was also a young vampire on the cape again . 
 two bodies had been found , mauled with little or no blood left in their system . 
 it had taken a lot of persuasion , but luther had finally conceded to let them come to the cemetery in the hopes that it would wander this way . 
 the monster needed to be put down before it did anymore harm . 
 `` it 's out there , '' she whispered . 
 luther straightened , his eyes narrowing sharply as he scanned the woods . 
 `` is it the elder ? '' 
 he demanded sharply . 
 cassie shook her head as chris answered him . 
 `` no . '' 
 another flash turned cassie to the left . 
 she braced her legs , setting her shoulders as she prepared for the imminent attack . 
 it did not matter that they outnumbered the creature ; it would still come for them . 
 it would wrongly think that they were easy targets , and a buffet that it would want to partake in . 
 the woods exploded in a flurry of violent motion . 
 leaves exploded outward , scattering across the grass of the cemetery . 
 the creature rushed them in a blur of motion that would have been imperceptible to the human eye , but cassie picked up on it instantly . 
 she braced herself , clenching tighter to her stake as she bounced on her heels in preparation . 
 though her thoughts had been focused upon devon during training , she found all of her doubts , worries , and concerns melting away . 
 years of breeding and training took over as adrenaline coursed through her , and anticipation for the fight consumed her . 
 the monster went for chris first , running in a headlong charge . 
 chris braced himself , turning slightly to dodge out of the way as the monster reached him . 
 swinging out , chris caught hold of him as he slammed a fist into the things shoulder . 
 the young vampire , a man , grunted loudly as he staggered forward beneath the force of chris 's blow . 
 though he was off balance , and caught by surprise , he was still hungry , and volatile . 
 his reddened eyes latched upon cassie , his lips pulled back in a snarl as he caught scent of what he thought would be the easier prey . 
 cassie grinned at him invitingly , welcoming the fight , needing to rid herself of her pent up , frustrated energy . 
 it snarled as it lunged at her , its hands curled into claws as it aimed for her neck . 
 a small chuckle escaped her ; the thing was stupid that was for sure . 
 it did not stop to think that it might be outnumbered and that a retreat should be considered . 
 instead , all it could think about was blood and feeding , and destroying life . 
 it launched itself at her , leaping into the air , its hands outstretched as it looked to devour her . 
 thrusting her hand up , she used the palm of her hand to smash upward . 
 his head snapped back , his blood red eyes rolled back in his head as his teeth bit into his chin . 
 blood spilled down his face , but he did not completely slow in his rush . 
 he seized hold of her arms , his hands tightening in a painful grip as he dragged her eagerly forward . 
 she did not panic , did not even feel a spurt of fear as his lips pulled back . 
 his fetid breath washed over her , causing her gag reflex to react instantly . 
 lifting her leg , she slammed her knee into his groin . 
 he howled as he bent over , the pain finally breaking through his bloodlust as he released her . 
 fisting her hands , she drove them hard into his back , knocking him to his knees . 
 the attack was so fast that chris , melissa , and luther had not had a chance to react . 
 now they moved swiftly , converging on the creature that was trying to get off his knees . 
 he stumbled up , but chris got to him first . 
 driving the stake deep into its back , the creature grunted in surprise as chris twisted it deeper and harder . 
 cassie winced , trying to turn off her guilt as the creature mewled in pain and fear . 
 shock coursed through her as it met her eyes for a moment . 
 they were no longer red , but a soft brown . 
 they pleaded for mercy , but it was already too late , and no mercy could be given in this situation . 
 cassie swallowed heavily ; remorse filled her as the young man released another low moan before collapsing before them . 
 she should not feel remorseful ; he would have killed her instantly if he 'd had the chance . 
 it was survival of the fittest after all , and luckily this time they had been the fittest . 
 but as they moved the body into the woods she could n't stop herself from thinking that before he had become a monster , he had been someone 's son , maybe even someone 's brother or husband . 
 she could not stand to think about the hurt that his family had gone through . 
 could not stand to think about the fear and pain the man had probably suffered before he had been killed the first time . 
 cassie inhaled shakily , trying to rid herself of the lingering remnants of shock and remorse that clung to her . 
 she had to shake them off , had to lose them . 
 it would eat her alive if she did n't . 
 she could never allow herself to glimpse the man behind the monster again . 
 she could n't do this anymore if she was unable to separate the two , and if she did n't do this than people would die . 
 cassie shuddered , she felt hollow and shattered . 
 she desperately needed to see devon ; she knew that only he could ease the aching coldness permeating her bones . 
 even if he could n't know about this aspect of her life , he could help to ease the choking loneliness and guilt clinging to her . 
 she sighed heavily , now that they were done all she wanted was to escape the cemetery and return home as soon as possible . 
 a chill shot down her spine , the hair on the nape of her neck and arms stood on end . 
 fear and disbelief crossed chris and melissa 's faces as they turned slowly toward the area where the evil suddenly seeped from . 
 turned toward the area where they had just left the body of the defeated young man . 
 luther stepped closer to them all . 
 `` it 's out there , '' chris whispered . 
 `` yes , '' luther agreed . 
 `` let 's go . 
 we need to get you out of here . 
 now ! '' 
 he snapped , when none of them moved right away . 
 `` why does n't it just come after us ? '' 
 cassie asked softly . 
 `` i do n't know , but let 's not tempt it . 
 come on , we have to leave now , '' luther urged fervently , pushing at chris and melissa as his gaze worriedly scanned the forest . 
 cassie 's eyes narrowed as she stared hard into the shadowy interior . 
 she could make out the different elms , oaks , tupelos , and locusts , but she could see nothing hidden amongst the trees . 
 not even an animal stirred , apparently scared away by the evil in their midst 's . 
 `` do you see anything ? '' 
 chris asked softly . 
 cassie shook her head ; frustration caused her hands to fist . 
 `` we need to go ! '' 
 luther hissed . 
 though cassie did not want to turn tail and run from the monster in the woods , she found herself moving swiftly along as they hurried toward luther 's toyota camry . 
 she slid limply into the backseat , her gaze instantly turned back to the window . 
 she half expected to see it standing at the window , its face twisted into a hideous snarl , ready to pounce , eager to slaughter them all . 
 but there was nothing there . 
 searching the night beyond , she tried to pick out as many details as she could . 
 cassie 's teeth rattled as ice encased her once more . 
 though luther started the car , they did not move . 
 she felt pinned beneath the wave of hostility and malevolence enveloping them . 
 `` it 's playing with us , '' chris said softly . 
 cassie turned slowly toward him , shocked by the paleness of his complexion , and the hollowness his cheeks and eyes had taken on . 
 `` chris ? '' 
 she asked worriedly . 
 his hand trembled as he lifted it toward her . 
 he desperately needed to touch her , to connect with something other than the evil overwhelming his ability . 
 he was shaking when he clasped hold of her hand , his fingers dug tightly into hers . 
 his shoulders heaved as he inhaled a sharp breath . 
 he looked sickly in the glow of the dashboard lights . 
 `` chris , what is wrong ? '' 
 she demanded sharply , fear tightening around her heart . 
 she had never seen him look so awful , so shaken . 
 `` drive , '' he ordered in a gruff voice . 
 luther jolted slightly , shifted the car into drive , and slammed on the gas . 
 cassie was thrown against the seat , but she did not lose her grip on chris 's quivering hand . 
 luther peeled down the road , kicking up a spray of dirt and rocks that rattled off the undercarriage of the car . 
 they fishtailed , the back wheels lost traction as the car spun sideways . 
 cassie had a brief glimpse of headstones only inches from the car before the wheels finally caught on the road once more . 
 luther sped down the loosely graveled road at speeds far beyond what was safe , but nowhere near fast enough for cassie . 
 he barely hesitated before he shot onto the main road . 
 chris shuddered again , but his eyes seemed to clear slightly , and his face had regained some color . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 she asked sharply . 
 he nodded , inhaling shakily as he nodded again . 
 `` yes , yes , i 'm fine . '' 
 he sounded as if he were trying to reassure himself as much as her . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 another tremor wracked through him , his hand convulsed upon hers . 
 `` i caught a glimpse of it . 
 it let me inside for a moment , i think , on purpose . 
 i was n't trying to probe it when suddenly i found myself sucked in . 
 the maliciousness ... '' he broke off , his gaze flew toward the window . 
 `` it was just awful . 
 whatever that thing is , it 's enjoying toying with us , playing with us , batting us around until it 's ready to pounce . 
 it takes joy in the hunt , and it is hunting us , stalking us . '' 
 he shuddered again , his whole body heaved with the convulsions that wracked him . 
 `` we ca n't abandon anyone , '' he whispered . 
 `` and we 're not going to , '' cassie assured him , trying to ignore the pain his clenching hand caused her . 
 `` it 's playing with us for now , but when it 's ready , it is going to kill us . 
 before then though , it 's going to wreak a lot of havoc on this town . '' 
 he turned slowly toward her , his eyes oddly bright in the dim interior of the car . 
 `` it is going to destroy us . '' 
 though cassie could not get words past the lump of terror in her throat , she knew that chris was right . 
 chapter 18 `` looks like you have company . '' 
 cassie 's mouth parted slightly at the sight of the sleek challenger sitting in her driveway . 
 at the vast amount of relief that filled her , she realized she had truly feared she would not see devon tonight , or ever again . 
 but there he was , sitting at her house , doing god only knew what with her grandma . 
 `` i 'll be , '' she murmured . 
 chris managed to give her a shaky smile , but it was nowhere near the normal , self assured , cocky grin that she loved . 
 nor was there the familiar , jovial light in his usually merry eyes . 
 she was truly frightened that she may never see either again . 
 his eyes looked older , more worn and tired than she had ever seen them . 
 his confident aura seemed to have vanished , replaced by one that seemed beaten . 
 she did n't want this chris to stay , but she was terrified that this was who he was going to be from now on . 
 he seemed to have aged twenty years in the past hour . 
 for the first time cassie was truly grateful that she had not received any of the `` gifts '' that had been bestowed upon chris and melissa . 
 it had to be draining and painful to know far more about the world than one desired to . 
 what chris had seen tonight , what he had been drawn into , had wounded him badly . 
 it was impossible to know just how deep those wounds went . 
 `` chris ... '' `` i had better get going , '' he interrupted , turning away from her as he shut off the car . 
 `` are you going to come over tonight ? '' 
 she asked worriedly , despairing over his abrupt dismissal of her . 
 he sat silently for a moment before shaking his head . 
 `` no , i had better stay with my mom . 
 she may need my protection . '' 
 cassie glanced at his house . 
 all the lights were on , music and loud laughter poured from the open windows . 
 there were five cars in the drive that cassie did not recognize . 
 a party was in full swing . 
 these were the nights that chris always fled from . 
 `` did you tell her what was going on ? '' 
 he shrugged absently , his hand already rested on the door handle . 
 `` yes , but you know her , if she can drink it away than it does n't exist . '' 
 `` chris ... '' `` go on cassie , i 'll be fine . 
 you have company . '' 
 `` after he leaves ... '' he turned back to her , the haunted look in his eyes robbing her of her breath . 
 `` i 'll be ok . '' 
 before she could say anything more , he flung the door open and climbed swiftly from the car . 
 cassie was too stunned to move for a moment . 
 then , she threw her door open and joined him in the brisk fall night . 
 she desperately needed the refreshing air as she greedily inhaled gulps of it . 
 she could not rid herself of the worry that she was losing chris . 
 she feared that she had already lost the innocent , relatively carefree man he had always been . 
 the best friend she had always known and relied on . 
 she needed to reach him before he retreated farther into himself . 
 `` chris ... '' `` i 'll see you in the morning . '' 
 he did n't look at her as he shoved his hands in his pockets and hurried forward . 
 she watched him disappear into the house , her heart breaking for him . 
 whether any of them wanted it , or not , they had been forced to grow up even more rapidly tonight , and chris had received the blunt force of it . 
 cassie closed the car door , tears slid silently down her face as she made her way slowly back to her house . 
 she paused at the door , wiping away her tears as she valiantly tried to regain control of herself . 
 it took her a few minutes , but eventually the tears dried up and she felt stable enough to enter . 
 taking a deep breath she shoved the door open , and stepped into the bright , airy kitchen . 
 the warm aura of the room seemed out of place with the dark cloud surrounding her . 
 her grandmother was nowhere to be seen . 
 the wonderful scent of roasted chicken and banana bread filled the air . 
 cassie 's stomach rumbled eagerly in response . 
 but she was far more ravenous to see him then she was for food . 
 moving swiftly through the kitchen , she eagerly followed the drifting voices coming from the dining room . 
 stepping through the threshold , she blinked in surprise to find her grandmother and devon sitting at the oak table . 
 a plate of banana bread and a deck of cards sat between them . 
 her grandmother glanced up , a bright smile lit her pretty face as her eyes gleamed with amusement . 
 `` cassandra , you 're home ! '' 
 the vast relief in her voice caused cassie a twinge of guilt . 
 `` your friend stopped by . '' 
 cassie braced herself before turning her full attention to devon . 
 her heart knocked against her ribs and her breath froze as his emerald eyes seared into her . 
 he was sitting casually in the chair ; his cards were held loosely in his long fingered hand , his long legs stretched before him . 
 though his posture was one of relaxation she could feel the tension vibrating through him . 
 there was a hum of power in him that was out of place with a normal human , but she could n't resist it . 
 `` cassie . '' 
 she loved the sound of his voice , the melodic flow of it . 
 it did not wipe away the awful events of the night , but it helped to soothe some of the raw hurt , guilt , and fear that had taken up residence in her soul . 
 `` i told you she 'd be home before ten , that 's when the library closes . '' 
 her grandma threw a card onto the table , reaching forward she moved some pegs on the cribbage board . 
 `` your dinner is still warming in the oven dear , why do n't you grab it while i finish beating your friend in cribbage . '' 
 cassie 's eyes flew back to devon , widening in surprise . 
 he was playing her grandma in cribbage ? 
 she stared at him in disbelief as he grinned back at her . 
 `` she thinks she 's going to beat me , but she 's wrong . '' 
 `` oh , but i will . '' 
 cassie shook her head , turning slowly away . 
 the whole night had been surreal , but this part of it seemed absolutely ludicrous . 
 the object of her obsession , solace , and turmoil was sitting at her dining room table playing cribbage with her grandmother for crying out loud ! 
 she wondered if she had somehow managed to fall asleep in the cemetery , she felt that would make more sense than this . 
 though she was no longer hungry , she robotically gathered the warm plate of chicken from the oven . 
 the extra plate still sitting there , waiting for chris , caused a tug at her heart . 
 her gaze darted to the window , but nothing had changed across the street . 
 turning stiffly away , she gathered silverware and napkins . 
 she was reaching for a glass when she felt him against her . 
 she started slightly , for he had been as silent as a ghost , but the feel of him was instantly soothing to her raw nerves . 
 his chest pressed lightly against her shoulder , his hand reached slowly around her to grab two glasses from the cabinet . 
 cassie instinctively melted against him , needing the strength of his body to wash away the ragged wounds of the night . 
 seeming to sense her fierce need , he brushed her hair gently back ; his long fingers caressed her neck as he kissed her temple gently . 
 `` how did studying go ? '' 
 she had been so lost in his touch that the question took her by surprise . 
 `` huh ? 
 oh ah , fine , it was fine . '' 
 `` that 's good . 
 your grandmother would like a ginger ale . '' 
 cassie took the glasses from him . 
 turning she met his fierce , heated gaze . 
 ripples of pleasure shot through her . 
 it took all she had not to throw her arms around him , bury herself in his embrace and forget all the worries of the world . 
 but she could n't do it . 
 not with her grandmother in the next room , not with chris across the street wounded and broken , and not with some monster hunting their town . 
 `` ok . '' 
 she moved reluctantly away from him , opening the fridge she removed the ginger ale and root beer . 
 `` how long have you been here for ? '' 
 `` not long . 
 i wanted to check on you after today , maybe take you for a walk . '' 
 cassie shuddered at the thought of being outside again , exposed to that evil , vulnerable to it . 
 `` that would have been nice , little late now , '' she mumbled in response . 
 `` hm . '' 
 he was studying her intently when she turned back around . 
 before she knew what he was doing , he reached forward and plucked a blade of grass from the arm of the coat she had forgotten to take off . 
 his eyebrows lifted questioningly as he held it up . 
 `` gym , '' she lied poorly . 
 he smiled softly , but she had the feeling that he did n't believe her for a second . 
 `` did n't realize it was that cold out today , '' he said softly . 
 `` i chill easily . '' 
 his smile widened as he took the glasses from her . 
 `` i 'll have to keep you warm then . '' 
 cassie 's mouth went dry , her toes curled at the promise in his husky words . 
 `` come watch me whoop your grandmother in cribbage . '' 
 cassie swallowed heavily , managing a small nod . 
 settling down at the dining room table , her nose involuntarily wrinkled at the sight of the board . 
 try as she might , she had never caught onto cribbage . 
 it was a fact that her grandma found very disappointing , as she loved the game and always wanted cassie to play with her . 
 `` thank you devon , very kind of you . '' 
 her grandma shot her a pointed look ; there was a suggestive tilt to her eyebrows as she took her glass from him . 
 cassie fought against the fierce blush creeping up her cheeks . 
 focusing on her plate , she picked absently at the pieces of chicken and mashed potatoes . 
 she watched silently as they continued the game , trading quips and laughing softly as their pieces progressed around the board . 
 cassie did n't have the foggiest idea who was winning , but from the smile on her grandma 's face she assumed it was her . 
 with a cry of joy , her grandma moved her peg again and leaned victoriously back in her chair . 
 `` i believe that is game . '' 
 devon grinned at her , his black hair fell boyishly across his forehead . 
 cassie 's heart warmed and melted , her fingers itched to brush it back for him . 
 `` and a very good one , i would n't mind a rematch some time . '' 
 `` that would be nice . 
 my cribbage team only plays every two weeks , and i would n't mind a few practice games in between . '' 
 devon turned his charming grin on cassie . 
 `` do n't you play ? '' 
 cassie shook her head as she pushed her plate away . 
 `` cassie has never liked cribbage , '' her grandma explained . 
 `` truly ? 
 it is a very interesting game , when played right . '' 
 cassie frowned over his words , they sounded so grown up , so outdated . 
 who said truly anymore ? 
 her doubts reared back to painful life , crushing any of the small bliss she had found in the last hour . 
 her fingers clenched around her glass as she tried to rid herself of the nagging , awful suspicions lurking in her mind . 
 `` i never really grasped it , '' she admitted slowly , searching his gaze , looking for answers that she knew were n't there . 
 `` then i 'll have to teach you one day . '' 
 though he grinned at her , his eyes were darker , more intense . 
 `` you 'll enjoy it once you learn . '' 
 `` i 've tried , but it 's not my game . '' 
 `` but if you want a rousing hand of rummy , poker , or spades , cassie is your girl , '' her grandma chimed in merrily , apparently unaware of the sudden tension in the room . 
 `` interesting , '' devon replied , his gaze never leaving cassie 's . 
 `` spades and faro are two of my favorite games . '' 
 her grandma perked up . 
 `` you know how to play faro ? '' 
 devon turned slowly away . 
 cassie found herself able to breathe again as she inhaled sharply . 
 she had n't even realized that she had stopped breathing until her lungs greedily gulped down air . 
 `` yes , my grandfather taught me . '' 
 `` how fascinating , i love faro ! 
 though , i know almost no one that can play it . '' 
 `` i have the same problem , it 's a lost game . '' 
 cassie could n't stop herself from wondering how lost it was . 
 she had never played the game , never even heard of it before . 
 who was this man sitting in her dining room with her and her grandmother ? 
 her gaze darted to her grandma , fear turned through her as she realized that she may have also put her grandma 's life in danger by allowing this stranger into their lives . 
 the thought was ridiculous , she knew that . 
 he had never done anything but prove himself to her . 
 yet here she was , suddenly very suspicious , and slightly frightened of him . 
 it was absolutely ludicrous , he had never hurt her before , and he 'd had plenty of opportunities to do so . 
 in fact , he had protected her today , kept her safe from mark 's anger , put himself in between her and mark 's crazed advance . 
 he had risked his own safety in order to keep her protected . 
 she was being unfair , she knew that , but she could n't stop her doubts and worries . 
 no matter how hard she tried , they would not shut off . 
 `` but a very interesting , entertaining one ! '' 
 her grandma said brightly . 
 `` we must play sometime , i 'm sure cassie would love it . 
 she enjoys all of the gambling games , and she 's very good at them . '' 
 `` i would like that . 
 a card shark huh ? '' 
 his intense , penetrating gaze swung back to cassie . 
 `` wonders never cease . '' 
 `` just lucky , '' she mumbled . 
 `` exceptionally lucky . 
 if she ever hits vegas , she 'll break the place . '' 
 `` let 's test that luck . '' 
 devon grabbed hold of the deck of cards , his long fingers shuffled so swiftly through them that cassie could hardly see the cards flashing by . 
 he was amazingly talented with them . 
 `` what do you want to play ? 
 three hand spades ? 
 seven card ? 
 dealer 's choice ? '' 
 `` dealer 's choice , '' her grandma piped up . 
 `` i 'll get the pennies . '' 
 her grandma leapt gracefully to her feet , heading into the kitchen where she kept the jar of pennies they used when they played cards . 
 there had been many nights when chris would join them , and almost as many , when luther and melissa would come over . 
 those nights had become few and far between over the past year , a fact that cassie had n't realized until now . 
 a stab of guilt hit her as she realized just how distant she had grown from her grandma over the past year . 
 she turned toward devon , thankful for giving her this opportunity to spend time with her grandmother , especially now , with the danger and death that lurked around them . 
 there may not be many of these nights left to share with each other . 
 she met his gaze , her doubts slipping away as she found herself charmed by the small smile he gave her . 
 `` are you feeling lucky tonight ? '' 
 he inquired softly . 
 her toes curled , her face flamed . 
 she had n't been feeling lucky at all , not until now , that is . 
 `` maybe , '' she responded with a teasing grin . 
 his eyes twinkled merrily in the light . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 her mouth went dry , her fingers clenched at the innuendo beneath his smooth tone . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 her grandma arrived again , happily slapping the jar of pennies down in front of cassie . 
 `` count them out dear , a dollar each . '' 
 cassie dove at the pennies , grateful for the distraction they offered from the man sitting beside her . 
 `` maybe chris would like to play with us . '' 
 cassie shook her head , pausing at twenty three to look at her grandma . 
 `` he 's staying home tonight , he 's tired . '' 
 a knowing , sad gleam came into her grandmother 's eyes as she leaned back in her chair . 
 `` i see . '' 
 cassie could n't stop herself from glancing back at devon . 
 he was smiling knowingly at her , a promising gleam in his eyes as he leaned forward . 
 `` get those pennies counted . '' 
 she swallowed heavily , her heart hammering with the knowledge that he would return to her room tonight . 
 she thought her head would explode from the blood pounding rapidly through it . 
 anticipation filled her , causing her fingers to shake as she returned to counting the copper mound before her . 
 she had to recount them three times as she kept losing her concentration , but finally she was able to get one dollar together . 
 devon took mercy on her , taking the jar away to count out the remaining two dollars . 
 when he was done , he leaned elegantly back in his chair , dealing the cards swiftly out to them . 
 `` five card stud , penny ante . '' 
 cassie took hold of her cards , but her thoughts were not on the suits before her . 
 she did n't think she would ever be able to concentrate on anything when he was near . 
 he squashed any reasonable thoughts that filled her mind ; instead it was filled completely with him , and his presence . 
 after a little while cassie found herself relaxing , laughing and joking with them both . 
 the horrifying events from the night were not forgotten , but they did not burn as brightly inside her . 
 the comforting company of the people beside her helped to ease the wounds and pain that the night had inflicted . 
 she had n't realized how badly she needed to have a relaxing , easy night , until now . 
 they played for almost two hours , until somehow cassie managed to win all of the pennies . 
 tossing in the last hand , devon leaned forward as cassie happily scooped up her winnings , which would be returned to the jar . 
 `` i guess you are lucky , '' he remarked , his eyebrows lifted boyishly . 
 cassie grinned back at him . 
 `` i suppose so . '' 
 `` well kids , it is getting late , do n't forget that you have school tomorrow , '' her grandma said gently . 
 cassie shook her head . 
 `` subtle grandma . '' 
 `` i try dear , '' she replied brightly . 
 `` devon it was a pleasure to meet you . '' 
 she extended her hand to him , grasping tightly hold of his . 
 `` you must come by more often . 
 we will get everyone together to play next time . 
 perhaps we 'll teach them faro , maybe it will be the one game that cassie ca n't win . '' 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 he flashed the beautiful smile cassie was sure had melted many female hearts before , and her grandmother appeared to be no exception . 
 `` but it will be fun to see if we could beat her . '' 
 `` yes , yes it would . 
 goodnight kids . '' 
 her grandma kissed her lightly on the cheek before slipping from the room . 
 `` i suppose i should be leaving , '' he said softly . 
 cassie nodded , licking her lips nervously . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she followed him to the back door , standing anxiously by as he opened it slowly . 
 she stood silently , impatiently , her body screaming for his touch . 
 bending low , he wrapped his hand gently around her neck , caressing her briefly as he bent to her ear . 
 `` it will be easier if you just leave your window open for me tonight . '' 
 cassie froze , trapped like a dear in the headlights as his words seared into her . 
 there was no describing the feeling of longing that slammed through her . 
 she had never felt this hopeful , wanting , confused , helpless , and needy before . 
 in that moment she knew , that for him , she would do anything . 
 no matter how many doubts she had about him , she knew her feelings for him would always win out . 
 she did not know how to feel about the complete loss of control she had over herself around him , but in that moment she could n't bring herself to care . 
 she could only manage a small nod as his fingers stroked lightly over her cheek . 
 `` see you soon , '' he said softly , brushing a light kiss on the bridge of her nose . 
 he pulled reluctantly away , turning swiftly and heading out the door . 
 she watched him until she was sure that he made it safely to his car , wishing she could go with him to make sure he arrived safely at home , or wherever he was going until he came back . 
 her heart pounded with worry , but it also took all she had not to flee to her room to eagerly await his return . 
 her grandmother was leaning against the doorway of the dining room , smiling softly when cassie came back through . 
 `` he seems like a very charming , very nice man . '' 
 cassie stopped , trying to keep her face as impassive as possible while her heart pounded like a jack hammer . 
 `` yes , he is . '' 
 her grandmother 's grin widened , a knowing gleam shone in her bright eyes . 
 `` you seem to like him very much . '' 
 `` i do , '' cassie admitted . 
 she stepped away from the doorway , moving with brisk agility as she came forward to clasp hold of cassie 's hands . 
 `` i 'm glad for you dear , but you must be careful . '' 
 cassie sighed heavily , squeezing her hands tightly . 
 `` i know grandma , i am being careful , i promise . '' 
 she smiled brightly . 
 `` i 'm not talking about out there dear . '' 
 she nodded toward the windows . 
 slipping her hands free she pointed to cassie 's chest . 
 `` i 'm talking about in here . '' 
 cassie swallowed heavily , knowing that it was already too late to be careful with her heart . 
 it was no longer hers to be careful with . 
 `` i will , '' she said hesitatingly . 
 dropping a kiss on her grandmother 's soft cheek , she forced herself not to run as she quickly left the room . 
 her heart pounded eagerly with every step . 
 reaching her doorway , she froze , her legs locking in place . 
 he was already standing by her window , his arms folded over his chest as he leaned casually against the sill . 
 his eyes were dark in the night ; his hair tussled across his forehead . 
 he looked utterly tempting and wonderful . 
 she did not know how he had gotten there so fast , nor did she care . 
 she was just glad he was there . 
 he unfolded himself , his muscles rippled mouthwateringly . 
 power and desire radiated from him as he took a small step forward . 
 a small twinge of fear shot through her , but it was also filled with excitement . 
 her doubts wanted to surge forth once more , but she shoved them aside . 
 her need for him far outweighed any misgivings she had . 
 closing the door , she made her way swiftly forward . 
 his arms enveloped her , pulling her tight against him . 
 she clung to his hard body , needing the strength that he gave her , needing the comfort he provided . 
 all of her hurts and aches and fears were forgotten as his hands entwined in her hair , cradling her head gently against his shoulder . 
 `` cassandra . '' 
 he sounded like a starving man who had just been given a meal . 
 she shivered , her fingers dug into his hard back as she tried to pull herself closer to him . 
 he shifted her slightly holding her more firmly against his right shoulder , but she could not get close enough . 
 she would never get close enough . 
 chapter 19 devon was standing by the window , staring at the night when she woke early the next morning . 
 the sky was still dark , but the stars had blinked out and the moon had disappeared . 
 though she did n't make a sound upon waking , he turned toward her . 
 a small smile played over his full mouth , but his eyes remained hard and distant . 
 frowning , cassie tossed back her blankets and climbed swiftly to her feet . 
 she was surprised to realize that she had fallen asleep with her clothes on . 
 she padded silently over to him ; the hardwood was cool against her bare feet . 
 his arm wrapped around her waist , pulling her tight against his side . 
 `` anything out there ? '' 
 she asked quietly , trying to sound light but knowing that she failed . 
 there really might be something out there , lurking within the shadows , watching them . 
 `` just a few early birds . '' 
 his fingers tightened upon her waist , he briefly nuzzled her hair . 
 he inhaled deeply before kissing her temple lightly and straightening from her . 
 cassie studied the early morning ; the sky was lightening to gray , a few birds were already chirping . 
 she could see nothing wrong with the morning , or sense anything evil out there . 
 still , she moved closer to him , her fingers entangling in the soft cotton of his shirt . 
 his hard muscles rippled beneath her touch . 
 they stood silently together , watching as the sun rose over the horizon and the sky flamed with a brilliant array of colors . 
 it was one of the most beautiful , wonderful , serene moments of her life . 
 the light played over his magnificent face , highlighting the hard planes of it , and illuminating his stunning eyes . 
 he kissed her gently , his lips brushing briefly over hers . 
 a firestorm of emotion and feeling boiled through her , crashing over her like waves on the sand . 
 she felt the loss of his kiss as acutely as she would have felt the loss of a limb . 
 `` i 'll see you at school , '' he said softly . 
 cassie managed a brief nod , her body already ached from the separation that was about to ensue . 
 he kissed her briefly again , reluctantly releasing her . 
 swiftly , with startling grace , he moved through her window . 
 grasping hold of the tree limb he swung himself rapidly down . 
 cassie watched in awe as he leapt from the tree , still ten feet from the ground , and landed effortlessly upon the ground . 
 cassie lifted an eyebrow , his agility left her breathless with wonder . 
 turning away from the window she hurried to the bathroom , eager to go to school . 
 *** devon slid his car into park , his eyes slowly drifted over the students gathered by what had become his parking spot . 
 they were mostly female , but there were a few boys that had followed the girls . 
 devon ignored them . 
 he had no interest in any of them . 
 throwing the door open he climbed swiftly from the car , not noticing the longing stares that followed his every move . 
 he found her instantly among the crowd ; her aura was like a homing beacon that he could not ignore . 
 his fingers twitched slightly , his need to hold her again was almost consuming . 
 she looked up at him , smiling brightly . 
 she radiated a life force that lit her from the inside out , causing her fair skin to glow , and her exquisite eyes to gleam in the bright morning sun . 
 the tightness constricting his chest since he had left her , relaxed . 
 in all of his many years , he had never come across someone as unique and magnificent as she was ; her outer beauty was only dimmed by her inner beauty . 
 he had never felt this way about someone before , never knew it was possible to need someone so much that he could hardly think . 
 he recalled annabelle , and her unwavering feelings . 
 he understood her better now , understood what she had needed and desired . 
 understood now what he could never have given to annabelle , what she had truly been feeling , what she had needed , and that realization terrified him . 
 but he knew that it was too late to do anything about it now . 
 he could try and leave , but he would not get far without cassie . 
 and if what he suspected was true , cassie would be greatly hurt , if not destroyed , by his disappearance . 
 he had not wanted cassie so ensnared in his life , so entrenched in his world of darkness and monsters . 
 but once he 'd met her , he 'd had no choice in the matter . 
 it had instantly been taken away from him . 
 and unfortunately , if what he suspected and feared might be true , she no longer had a choice either . 
 `` devon , i 'm so glad that you 're here ! 
 i wanted to talk to you about your nomination . '' 
 devon regretfully tore his gaze from cassie . 
 marcy was standing before him , her pretty face lit with a bright , eager smile . 
 though she was as annoying as a gnat , he managed to offer her a small smile in return . 
 `` i think that you are going to win , and since there is a good possibility that i will win queen , i think we should coordinate our outfits , or maybe even go together . '' 
 he frowned at her , not at all surprised by her brazenness , or the fact that she would not accept his refusal of her . 
 he had come across more than a few women like her in his long lifetime . 
 he was surprised by the fact that she still could n't realize that cassie was the only woman he wanted . 
 the only one he even saw anymore . 
 `` i do n't think so marcy . '' 
 he moved to walk around her , but she sidestepped quickly , putting herself back in his way . 
 aggravation spurted through him ; he just wanted to get to cassie , to touch her , to ease the crawling , burning sensation that enclosed him whenever they were apart . 
 `` well why not ? '' 
 she planted her hands on her hips , her delicate brow furrowed angrily . 
 `` because i will be taking cassie to the dance . '' 
 `` after what happened yesterday ? '' 
 he frowned at her in confusion . 
 `` what happened yesterday ? '' 
 `` with mark young , '' she reminded him impatiently . 
 `` that was awful . 
 i ca n't believe she led him on so badly . 
 i always liked cassandra , but i never realized what an awful person she truly is . 
 i ca n't believe you would want to be associated with someone like that . 
 i mean ... '' `` enough ! '' 
 he cut in sharply , his gaze darting swiftly to cassie . 
 she was still standing by chris 's car , her eyes fixed upon them . 
 though she was well out of hearing range , she was frowning intently , her eyes were narrowed fiercely . 
 he turned his attention back to marcy , trying to control the anger surging through him . 
 `` yesterday was not her fault , and i do n't want to hear one bad word you have to say about her . 
 ever ! '' 
 marcy 's eyes widened , her mouth parted slightly . 
 he moved swiftly around her , disgusted by her pettiness and cruelty . 
 cassie watched him warily as he approached , her bright smile was gone . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 melissa asked softly , nodding toward where marcy still stood with her mouth agape . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 the last thing he wanted was for cassie to know anything that marcy had said to him . 
 though melissa did not look appeased , she did not press him farther . 
 cassie gazed up at him , a wounded look in her eyes . 
 he glanced back at where marcy stood , about fifty feet away . 
 a group of girls was now gathered around her , seemingly trying to console her . 
 though he could hear what they were saying , and did not like it , there was no way that cassie could hear them above the noise of the other students , and the radios . 
 no human could . 
 hurt radiated from her as she continued to stare at marcy , but there was also a spark of anger in her gaze . 
 though she could not hear them , she must have assumed that they were talking about her . 
 that had to be it , he decided . 
 otherwise , if she could hear them , then that would make her something ... well , it would make her something other than human . 
 devon studied her carefully , trying to decipher the mystery that she suddenly seemed to offer . 
 she was most certainly not a vampire , he would have known that instantly , and she would not be here . 
 not in broad daylight , and not with a bunch of high school students . 
 he was the exception to the rule , on both counts , for the most part . 
 he also would have smelled it on her , would have sensed it in her blood . 
 no , she was definitely not one of his kind . 
 but then , what was she ? 
 she could n't be a hunter , he 'd heard that they had all been killed off , and he suspected that he would have sensed that in her too . 
 but if she had heard his conversation ... the thought trailed off in the face of the distress she emitted . 
 wrapping his hand gently around her neck , he pulled her close in an attempt to ease the pain enshrouding her . 
 she had to be human , that was all she could be . 
 he was making far more of it then he should . 
 glancing around the car , he was surprised to realize that it was only chris and melissa standing with her . 
 usually there was a crowd gathered around , mostly males , causing a raucous as they humiliated themselves while vying for her attention . 
 today , there was a wide berth around them as glances and whispers were cast cassie 's way . 
 even with him over here , the girls did not approach . 
 `` i have become a pariah , '' she said softly , giving him a wan smile . 
 he glanced back at the crowds gathered together ; her tried hard but was unable to ignore the whispers directed her way . 
 somehow , what had happened in the cafeteria yesterday had been twisted , and turned against her . 
 he did n't know how it had happened , for he was n't entirely sure how the minds of teenagers worked , but somehow they had cast her into the role of villain , and they were keeping her there . 
 he thought it was partly due to jealousy on behalf of the girls , and resentment on behalf of the boys , but he also knew that he played a large role in it . 
 due to what he was , he had a stronger allure to women . 
 he was like a venus flytrap , luring in its prey , moments before snagging it and draining the life from it . 
 though he did not kill anymore , the powerful lure was still there , ever present , and unable to be turned off . 
 this draw had pulled in a good amount of the female population in town , and had also caused anger and resentment toward cassie to fester . 
 they wanted what she had , and they did not like the fact that she had it . 
 and the boys did not like the fact that she had rebuked them all , disdaining their advances over and over , and then accepting his . 
 their pride had been wounded , their ego 's bashed , and they were not happy about it . 
 though many of them had never liked him , they had also turned on her now . 
 anger curdled inside him . 
 he did not care what they thought of him , but she did not deserve their disdain and spite . 
 his protective urges surged forth . 
 he wanted to take her from here , shelter her from the cold anger that radiated from them . 
 protect her from the inane cruelty of the foolish human race . 
 however , he knew that he could not . 
 though his life was not tied up in these people , and this school , hers was . 
 she had to live out this part of her life , had to fulfill her dreams and her hopes , and her future . 
 unfortunately , he had caused her this pain , and he wanted nothing more than to take her away in order to keep her safe from it . 
 `` ridiculous , '' chris muttered . 
 devon glanced over at him as he pulled cassie a step closer , wrapping his arms tenderly around her waist . 
 chris met his gaze , his eyes distant and far older than they had been yesterday . 
 devon was shocked by the expression in those eyes , and the hopelessness that filled them . 
 he did n't know what had happened to chris between yesterday and today to cause such a change , but he was certain that it was far worse than what was going on with the student body now . 
 cassie shrugged , her fingers curled into his back . 
 `` it 's alright , '' she said softly . 
 `` let them believe what they want . '' 
 melissa sighed heavily and bent into the car to grab her backpack . 
 `` they 're a bunch of jealous idiots cass . '' 
 cassie bit into her bottom lip ; her eyes were troubled as she managed a brief nod . 
 `` well , whatever they are , i do n't care . 
 i never wanted to be homecoming queen anyway . '' 
 `` we know . '' 
 cassie and melissa exchanged a small smile before cassie turned to look up at him , her eyes gleaming with a teasing light . 
 `` i wo n't make you coordinate , but you probably will win king . '' 
 devon started , his hands tightened upon her . 
 he glanced back to where marcy still stood , tuning his ears in order to hear what they were saying . 
 he had to sort through all of the background noise before pinpointing the exact conversation . 
 it took him only a second to do this , but no human ever could . 
 it was not within their capabilities . 
 only one of his kind would be able to pick up the conversation , and cassie most definitely was not a vampire . 
 the sweet blood pumping through her veins was a constant , tortuous , tempting reminder of that fact . 
 he glanced back down at her . 
 her head was resting trustingly against his shoulder , her hand on his waist . 
 she could not have heard that conversation , it was impossible ; it was only a coincidence that she had mocked marcy 's statement . 
 `` marcy always did want it though , '' melissa said softly . 
 `` yes , '' chris agreed . 
 `` and now she has it . 
 good for her , she 'll do better with it than i would . '' 
 cassie uncurled her hand from his waistband as the bell rang loudly , echoing throughout the parking lot . 
 `` time for school . '' 
 he gathered her books from the roof of the car , tucking them beneath his arm as he led her into the large brick building . 
 students stopped to watch as they passed , they whispered loudly behind their hands . 
 melissa walked beside her , her shoulders thrown back proudly , her dark eyes raking over the worst offenders . 
 many of them shrank from her scathing glare . 
 cassie walked proudly beside him , her chin thrust defiantly forward . 
 she stared straight ahead , not bothering to look at anyone else . 
 if it were n't for her death grip upon his hand , he would have thought that none of this affected her at all . 
 but her tight hold , and the small tremor wracking her , told him that she was hurt by the cold hostility of her classmates . 
 it took all he had not to destroy every one of them . 
 *** cassie walked stiffly through the cafeteria . 
 she tried to ignore the whispers and comments that followed her , but most people were not discreet . 
 in fact , she knew that every one of them wanted her to hear what they had to say . 
 and none of it was good . 
 she had been called every name in the book today , a few of which she had never even heard of . 
 titters and whispers preceded , and followed , everywhere she went . 
 though she tried to play it off as if it did n't bother her , inside she was a mass of raw emotion and seething nerve endings . 
 she had never been hated before ; she had never expected to be hated . 
 disliked , maybe , but not hated . 
 and she was hated . 
 it beat against her in waves of anger that made her stomach turn , and her body ache . 
 she had n't thought that people could turn against someone so quickly , and so effectively . 
 and she did n't even know what she had done wrong . 
 mark had attacked her , not the other way around . 
 she had done nothing to merit this treatment , and because of that fact she was swinging between fierce bouts of anger , and trying hard not to cry as she struggled to keep up a nonchalant appearance . 
 her hands shook slightly ; she had to take a calming breath in order to steady her tray . 
 she was greatly relieved that chris was already at the table , his distant gaze scanning the crowd . 
 dropping her tray on the table , she slid limply into the seat beside him . 
 his tray was loaded with mounds of food that he had not touched yet , which was highly unusual for him . 
 `` you look exhausted , '' he said softly . 
 `` rough day , '' she muttered , shoving the tray away from her . 
 she was n't in the least bit hungry ; other than habit she did n't even know why she had bothered to stand in line . 
 `` and these are the people that you want to stay and protect . '' 
 her eyes widened at the cynicism , and anger , in his voice . 
 `` chris . '' 
 he turned toward her ; the bleak look in his eyes was almost more than she could bear . 
 `` they need us , '' she finished lamely . 
 `` and they are showing you that need now . '' 
 `` chris , you wanted to stay too . '' 
 `` that was before . '' 
 `` before what ? '' 
 `` before i saw into what is out there , before i saw into a soul of pure malice and deviance . 
 before all these people turned against you like a pack of rabid , hungry hyenas . '' 
 she was stunned breathless for a moment , too shocked to move . 
 `` you want to leave ? '' 
 she managed to choke out . 
 his hard gaze scanned the cafeteria one more time . 
 finally , his shoulders slumped as he shook his head . 
 `` no , i do n't want to leave . 
 i do n't understand what is going on with everyone , but we have to protect them . 
 i know that , i 'm just aggravated with these idiots . '' 
 he turned back to her , his hand clasped hers tightly . 
 his action caused the buzz in the cafeteria to increase , becoming a dull roar in her ears that was impossible to ignore . 
 `` but i also caught a glimpse of what that monster is out there cass , and all it wants is to play with us , torture us , and then kill us . 
 there is no stopping that kind of determination . '' 
 a chill swept down her back , her hand tightened around his . 
 she could feel the fear that ran through him . 
 what he had seen last night had changed him . 
 it had permeated his bones , seeped into his soul . 
 her hand tightened around his , trying to give him strength as she sought desperately to ease the pain he radiated . 
 `` we can , '' she said more firmly than she actually felt . 
 `` together , we can do anything chris . 
 we have survived so much , we can , we will , survive this . '' 
 `` when did you become the optimistic one ? '' 
 his smile was wan , but she saw an easing in his eyes that relaxed her slightly . 
 she laughed softly as she leaned against his side . 
 `` how many men does she want ? '' 
 cassie turned at the nasty hiss , her gaze locked fiercely with marcy 's . 
 deliberately , defiantly , she lifted chris 's hand and squeezed it harder . 
 she turned slowly back around , trying to control the anger humming through her body as she focused on chris again . 
 `` sure you want to stick around ? '' 
 chris 's eyebrows were raised inquisitively , a teasing light reappeared in his sapphire eyes . 
 no matter how awful this day had been for her that gleam in his eyes made it all worth it . 
 `` i 'm sure , '' cassie replied , grinning brightly . 
 `` jerks , '' melissa muttered slamming her tray on the table . 
 `` bunch of idiotic , useless , jerks ! '' 
 cassie and chris grinned at each other before turning toward melissa . 
 her jaw was locked tight ; her eyes spit black fire as she glared around the cafeteria . 
 `` tell us how you really feel , '' chris said , issuing the first laugh cassie had heard from him all day . 
 cassie chuckled along with him , squeezing his hand tighter . 
 he was going to be alright , she was certain of that now . 
 whatever he had experienced last night had rattled him greatly , but he was going to be alright . 
 his spirit was too strong to be beaten down for long . 
 devon was suddenly behind her , his hands gently grasped her shoulders . 
 relief poured through her , her tense shoulders sagged as he gently massaged her . 
 she turned toward him as he bent over her , brushing a quick kiss on her cheek . 
 his breath was sweet and tantalizing ; it warmed her to the tips of her toes . 
 his eyes darted to the hand tightly entwined with chris 's on top of the table . 
 lifting a questioning eyebrow , he turned toward chris . 
 cassie stiffened slightly , unsure how devon would handle her connection with chris . 
 he knew that they were friends , but he probably did n't realize just how good of friends they were , or how strong the bond between them was . 
 `` trying to steal my girl ? '' 
 he inquired , his tone far lighter than cassie had expected from him . 
 chris grinned back at him , snorting slightly as he shook back his shaggy blond hair . 
 `` no worries there she 's too much of a pain in the ass for my liking . '' 
 cassie shot him a fierce look as he released her hand . 
 he grinned back at her before eagerly pulling his tray over to attack his tuna fish sandwich . 
 devon chuckled softly as he slid into the seat beside her , turning sideways to face her . 
 a dull flush of excitement crept through her as he leaned toward her , his closeness causing her body to heat . 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 he asked softly , wrapping his hand around the back of her neck to massage her gently . 
 it took her a few moments to answer , as the thump of her heart made speaking difficult . 
 `` fine , '' she murmured . 
 and she was surprised to realize that with chris 's smile , melissa 's unwavering loyalty , and his solid presence , she was fine . 
 nothing else mattered , not the cruel whispers , not the waves of anger and hatred , not even the monster that lurked within their town . 
 as long as she had these three standing beside her , she could survive anything . 
 she hoped . 
 chapter 20 cassie 's stomach curdled as if she had eaten something rotten . 
 a ball of nausea had wedged itself into her throat , choking her . 
 she leaned over the counter , breathing heavily , her gaze locked upon the large headline before her . 
 thirteenth person reported missing from hyannis . 
 her blood pumped heavily in her veins , feeling almost painful as it lumbered through her system as she read the article . 
 the woman had gone missing from a bar on main street ; no one had seen her since . 
 and they probably would n't again , cassie realized with a sinking sensation in her stomach . 
 it was smart , whatever was out there it was smart . 
 it was definitely covering its tracks . 
 and it was their fault that it was still out there killing , destroying innocent people , and their families . 
 it was her , chris , and melissa 's responsibility as hunter 's to protect the innocent , and they were failing miserably at the task . 
 thirteen was far too many people , and these were only the ones that had been reported , and were n't already reported as dead . 
 there were probably even more that had gone unreported , that had no one out there to love and miss them . 
 her hands trembled as she closed the paper , her gaze darted to the bright day beyond the kitchen windows . 
 the bright sunlight was completely out of place with the emotions rolling through her . 
 it should be dark out , cold , foreboding . 
 it should match the hollow chill that had encased her from head to toe . 
 taking a step away from the counter , she began to move slowly from the room when something about the article clicked into her mind . 
 turning slowly back , her throat went dry ; her heart seemed to stop beating as her legs became suddenly shaky , wooden . 
 she reached out quickly , grasping hold of the counter before she fell to the ground . 
 she inhaled great , heaping gulps of air in an attempt to ease the shaking that wracked painfully through her bones . 
 she was trembling so hard that the teeth rattled in her head . 
 her gaze went slowly back to the paper . 
 it now seemed malevolent to her , awful , wrong , out of place in what used to be the warm comfort of her kitchen . 
 taking another deep breath , she used the counter to support her as she moved slowly back to the island she had left the paper on . 
 she did not want to look at it again , did not want to touch it , but she knew that she had to . 
 she needed to see it , to know for certain if what she had seen was right . 
 to see if what she feared was true . 
 releasing the counter , she stumbled to the island , nearly hyperventilating as she grasped hold of the paper and pulled it close . 
 she was shaking so badly that she could barely get the pages open . 
 her gaze scanned over the article , coming to rest on the date of the first disappearance . 
 september fifteenth , megan keller , twenty-two , had vanished from a park in sandwich . 
 cassie grasped the paper ; sliding limply to the floor she pressed it tight to her chest . 
 the wrinkled pages crinkled loudly as her fingers curled into it . 
 devon had arrived on the thirteenth . 
 he had strolled into her life two days before the disappearances started . 
 her mind began tripping over everything that she had been trying to deny . 
 little pieces of the puzzle she 'd always had , but had n't wanted to assemble , suddenly began to fall swiftly into place . 
 devon 's speed and agility , the strength he exhibited when he lifted mark easily , effortlessly , off the ground . 
 he had n't even broken a sweat ! 
 she thought over the way he spoke , it was so old and elegant , so outdated . 
 he knew the card game faro , a game no one knew anymore . 
 she had definitely never heard of anyone her age ever having played the game . 
 though the puzzle horrified her , once the pieces began slipping together , she could not stop them from assembling the picture . 
 melissa had seen nothing about devon , other than his arrival , and chris could not read him . 
 both of which could be explained by the power that radiated from him , far more power than a human would possess , and she was beginning to believe it was even more power than she possessed . 
 a chill ran down her spine , her body shook with the fierce tremors wracking it . 
 closing her eyes she tried to stop the images tumbling swiftly together , but no matter how hard she tried , they would not stop . 
 he was always slightly colder than normal , a fact that could be explained by the weather , or bad circulation , but neither of those explanations seemed right to her now . 
 she had been irresistibly attracted to him , pulled to him like a magnet to metal from the very beginning . 
 all of the girls were drawn to him , so much so that they had turned against her in the hopes that they would get him . 
 it was something that she had known all along , that her attraction to him was fierce , and something that most people did not experience . 
 but she had chosen to ignore that fact in her desire to be closer to him , to be with him . 
 as the last pieces of the puzzle slid into place , cassie 's breath locked in her chest as panic clenched at her . 
 every single one of those pieces , every single one of those oddities , was abilities or traits , of vampires . 
 abilities that her worst enemies and most hated foe 's possessed . 
 now that the puzzle was in place , she fully realized that it was a jigsaw straight from hell . 
 he had sensed the evil in the woods , but what if he was that evil ? 
 what if he had let his guard down briefly , allowing the evil to slip free , allowing it to permeate into them ? 
 ` it 's playing with us , ' chris had said softly . 
 ` playing games with us , before killing us . ' 
 what better way to play games with her than to make her fall in love with him , before he tried to kill her ? 
 tears streamed down cassie 's face , pain twisted in her chest as she tried to inhale heaping gulps of air through the agony consuming her . 
 her gaze darted to the window , and the bright sunlight beyond . 
 her forehead furrowed tightly in confusion as a piece of the puzzle did not slide into place . 
 devon walked about in the day , unaffected by the light of the sun . 
 she had never known a vampire to do that before , it was impossible . 
 sunlight killed them . 
 the day was for humans , their time to be safe , and not to have to worry about the monsters lurking in the shadows . 
 hope ballooned briefly inside her , and then swiftly deflated as she recalled luther 's words . 
 ` we do not know what an elder could be capable of . 
 the powers that they might possess . ' 
 one of those powers may very well be the ability to stroll about in broad daylight , a monster among humans . 
 it would be a perfect disguise to fool any hunter . 
 if devon was an elder , than he was more than just a normal vampire , he was one of the most powerful and one of the most hated . 
 he would have been one of the ones to help mastermind the destruction of her parents , one of the ones that had helped to eradicate her race . 
 her body lost all strength ; the paper fell limply from her hands as she slid to the floor . 
 her heart was shattering into a million pieces , her world crumbling around her . 
 she gasped , shaking and crying ; her head fell forward into her hands . 
 he breathed , she thought desperately , she had felt him breathe , but what if he only pretended to breathe in her presence ? 
 she tried to recall if she had felt the beat of his heart , but try as she might she could not remember ever feeling the reassuring pulse of life within his chest . 
 she tried to convince herself that she was wrong , but though she tried to hide behind a wall of denial , she could not . 
 not anymore . 
 her mind , her soul , knew that she was right . 
 he was not human . 
 he was not a hunter . 
 he was not even a human with special abilities . 
 he was the monster . 
 he was the one hunting them , stalking them , playing and toying with them . 
 and he had been very good at it . 
 she had fallen helplessly in love with him . 
 she had allowed him into her soul , taken him into the very essence of her . 
 and the entire time he had been playing with her , plotting her death , her murder , and the murder of the ones she loved . 
 the past two nights , when he had held her gently , making her feel safe and protected , had all been part of his game . 
 he was good , excellent even , she had to give him that much . 
 his game had succeeded in crushing her , from the inside out . 
 there was nothing left to her . 
 no hope , no wonder , no life . 
 she was an empty shell of the person she had been , wounded and beaten . 
 and yet , somehow stronger . 
 she would not let him win . 
 she was stronger than that . 
 he may have destroyed her , but he would not hurt anyone else . 
 he would not take her loved ones from her . 
 wiping the tears from her eyes , cassie placed her hands on the floor and shoved herself up . 
 she could not sit here and cry . 
 she did n't have time for that . 
 there was a monster out there , and she was one of the few people that could stop him . 
 she stood shakily for a moment , numb and deadened . 
 then , like a phoenix rising from the ashes fury blazed hotly forth and burned away the devastating hurt that had encased her . 
 he may have destroyed her , but she was also going to destroy him . 
 she strode forcefully from the kitchen , pounding up the stairs to gather her weapons . 
 she was tired of running , tired of hiding , and very tired of being frightened . 
 it was time to take a stand . 
 it was time to do some hunting , instead of being the hunted for a change . 
 *** devon sat completely still on the tree branch , all of his senses tuned to the night beyond . 
 it was the exact same thing he had been doing every night for the past week while cassie had been occupied with studying , or at melissa 's . 
 probing with his mind , he sorted through the few brains close enough for him to pick up on in the area . 
 it was one of his talents , the ability to sift through people 's minds in order to pinpoint the one that he wanted . 
 the mind he would then latch onto , track down , and destroy ; the one that stalked this town , and its inhabitants , especially cassie . 
 thoughts of cassie caused him to tense . 
 whenever he came out here , he had to shut his mind off of her ; otherwise he would be disrupted from his pursuit . 
 he could pick up her mind from miles away ; it was as bright and as welcoming as a lighthouse beacon to him . 
 but now , here , her mind was a distraction to him , and one that he could not have if he was going to succeed in destroying his prey . 
 tuning his senses to the night , he strained to feel anything out there , to find anything out there . 
 then , he felt it . 
 for the first time , he picked up on a small flicker of power in the night . 
 a power that he recognized instantly as belonging to the one he sought . 
 slipping easily from the tree , he moved swiftly through the woods , faster and more graceful than any cheetah . 
 leaping over fallen logs , and effortlessly dodging branches , he darted swiftly through the trees , hunting the power that he had sensed . 
 he could feel it moving deeper into the woods , running from the pursuit that it had sparked . 
 devon broke out of the woods , racing across the cemetery , jumping stones and tombs with smooth , easy leaps . 
 whatever he was pursuing was slower than he was , not as fleet in its retreat . 
 he was gaining ground on it . 
 leaving the cemetery , the woods encircled him once more . 
 he poured on the speed , becoming nearly a blur as he chased his prey . 
 excitement and bloodlust pounded through him . 
 it had been so long since he had pursued any real game , any real kill . 
 animals did n't amount to the same thrill as a human , or another vampire . 
 both of which he had not touched in a very long time . 
 a scream echoed loudly through the air , a young girl 's voice penetrated the dark night . 
 devon realized that the creature had not been fleeing from him , but had been hunting its own prey instead . 
 *** cassie had just stepped out of luther 's car when the terrified scream echoed throughout the night . 
 it rang off the headstones and echoed throughout the eerily still night . 
 chris and melissa stiffened , freezing in mid-step as their mouths parted in surprise . 
 the thick silence that followed the scream was even more nerve wracking . 
 `` it 's out there , '' chris said softly . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 cassie took a step forward , but luther grabbed hold of her arm , halting her . 
 `` wait . '' 
 she spun on him , anger fisting her hands as it tore through her . 
 `` we have to stop him ! '' 
 she snapped . 
 luther 's eyes narrowed sharply upon her , the light gray of them inquisitive and keen . 
 `` him ? '' 
 she realized her mistake instantly , they had always referred to the monster as it , and luther had not missed the fact that she had called it him this time . 
 cassie glared fiercely at him , she did n't have time to explain her newfound knowledge , nor did she want to . 
 she did n't want to hear their gasps of shock and surprise ; she did not want them to dissuade her from what she knew . 
 she was right , she had no doubt that devon was in those woods . 
 just as she had no doubt that she would be the one to take him out . 
 though he had fooled all of them , it was her that he had focused upon . 
 it was her that he had teased with promises of love and hope , only to rip it all cruelly away . 
 she hated him the most for making her hope and dream . 
 she had been surviving well enough , hiding behind her wall , safely protected from the hurts of the world until he had walked into her life , tossing it upside down , and shredding it to pieces . 
 cassie ripped her arm away from luther , spinning back toward the woods . 
 her blood was boiling with the fury pulsing through her , she knew that she was reckless right now , but she could n't bring herself to care . 
 she did n't care about anything anymore , except for keeping the people surrounding her safe . 
 her gaze rapidly scanned the forest , trying to pinpoint where the scream had come from . 
 another scream shot through the air , bloodcurdling , pain filled , and terrified . 
 horror filled cassie , her heart leapt wildly in her chest ; she had never heard anyone make that sound before . 
 and it was entirely her fault . 
 her love for devon had completely blinded her to the fact that he was a monster . 
 her stupidity and ignorance had allowed him to continue to kill . 
 he had destroyed the lives of many innocent people , and she was not going to allow that to happen again . 
 `` come on , '' she said briskly . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 luther said sharply , seizing her once more . 
 `` melissa . '' 
 melissa had gone completely still , her eyes were distant , her face blank and pale . 
 cassie sighed impatiently ; it was a hell of a time to receive a premonition , especially one of the ones that took complete control of her . 
 melissa gasped suddenly , bending forward she grasped her stomach as she struggled to breathe . 
 chris grabbed hold of melissa 's heaving shoulders as she choked and panted for air . 
 another scream echoed throughout , but this one was far weaker than before . 
 whoever was out there was losing the battle , and cassie was not about to let that happen . 
 tearing her arm away from luther again , she spun on her heel and sprinted forward . 
 it did not matter that chris and melissa were not with her , she would put a stop to this on her own . 
 it was better if they stayed out of it anyway , she did not want them to be hurt . 
 cassie ran as fast as she could , her long legs carrying her swiftly across the ground . 
 she did n't bother dodging the headstones but vaulted herself easily over them . 
 reaching the woods , she darted into the thick foliage , using her hands to deflect the branches and twigs that slapped at her . 
 `` cassie noooo ! '' 
 melissa 's shrill , terror filled scream followed her into the forest , but did not slow her down . 
 chapter 21 devon burst into the clearing . 
 his heightened senses , and the adrenaline pulsing through him , allowed him to take in all of the details at once . 
 the first thing he recognized was the young woman in the arms of the monster . 
 the second was the monster . 
 he skidded to a halt , dirt and leaves kicked up beneath him . 
 shock slammed into him as he gazed into the familiar red eyes of his prey , but it was quickly buried beneath the fury that surged rapidly forth . 
 stiffening slowly , his hands fisted at his sides as he met those eyes across the clearing from him . 
 this was a fight that he was more than prepared for , and one that was well over a hundred years in the making . 
 `` let her go ! '' 
 he snarled . 
 julian had lifted his head from marcy 's neck when devon emerged , but he had not released her . 
 julian broke into a small smile , a dark eyebrow quirked with amusement . 
 `` well , if it is n't the prodigal sire , '' he purred . 
 `` i was hoping we would finally run into each other again . '' 
 devon took a step closer to him , tension thrummed through him as he braced himself for the fight . 
 `` i did n't create you julian , '' he growled . 
 julian 's blood smeared mouth twisted into a sneer . 
 `` you may not have created me , but you did help to mold me into the best vampire that i could possibly be . 
 you taught me the thrill of the hunt , the pleasure of the kill . '' 
 devon 's teeth ground together as he glared fiercely at the man across from him . 
 julian had once been his best friend , and greatest companion . 
 he was a monster that still wreaked havoc upon unsuspecting innocents with the same joy and pleasure that devon had once taken in it . 
 though they had been nearly inseparable for over three hundred years , julian had become one of his greatest enemies . 
 `` what are you doing here julian ? '' 
 devon spat . 
 julian leisurely licked the blood from his lips , savoring the taste of it . 
 devon 's eyes latched onto the blood , for a moment he could clearly recall how wonderful and fulfilling human blood was . 
 how powerful and thrilling it was . 
 how much he wanted it ! 
 it had been so long since he had tasted human blood , and he struggled daily to keep his murderous urges under wraps . 
 but faced with it so temptingly close , he could feel his restraint starting to unravel . 
 he struggled to maintain control , the blood was a distraction that would get him killed ; julian was fierce , powerful , and deadly . 
 devon would be a fine trophy , and a lot of power to add to julian 's collection of victims . 
 not to mention the fact that most of the vampire race considered devon a traitor to their kind , and would far prefer him dead . 
 julian 's eyes slowly turned back to the ice blue color that devon was painfully familiar with . 
 around the black pupils of his eyes was a strange band of lighter , vivid , almost white blue color . 
 `` same thing as you i assume , i was drawn by the power . 
 except , unlike you , i will make use of that power , take advantage of it ; savor it . '' 
 devon scowled fiercely at him , taking another step closer as they slowly began to circle one another . 
 marcy was still held loosely in julian 's arms as he negligently dragged her body along with him . 
 devon could just barely make out the faint beat of marcy 's fluttering heart . 
 she did not have much time left . 
 `` there is no power here . '' 
 julian 's face twisted into a leering grin , his sharp canines gleamed in the dim light of the moon . 
 `` oh you silly silly fool . 
 have you been that blinded ? '' 
 devon was growing more aggravated by the second . 
 he did not like being toyed with , especially not by julian . 
 he was the one that had taught julian , the one that had molded him ; he was not going to be played with by him . 
 `` do n't mess with me julian , '' he growled . 
 julian quirked a black eyebrow , his mouth twisted into a wry smile . 
 `` i would never , '' he replied , his voice light and lilting as they continued to circle . 
 `` i am simply pointing out what you have missed . '' 
 `` and what would that be ? '' 
 julian 's eyes gleamed , flashing momentarily red . 
 `` the delectable treats in this town . 
 three little treats to be exact , just so plump and ripe for the taking . 
 especially the blond , that sweet , delicious blond that you have been cozying up to at night . 
 she is so young , so innocent and pure , so full of powerful blood just begging to be savored . 
 i give you credit , to be that close to such a wonderful temptation , and not taste it , not take it . 
 i could never be so restrained . '' 
 fury tore through devon , shaking him to the core of his being . 
 for a brief moment a red haze clouded his vision , his protective urges drowned out the rest of julian 's words . 
 he did n't understand what the hell julian was talking about , but he did n't want him anywhere near cassie , or even remotely thinking about her . 
 `` you stay away from her , or i 'll rip your damn throat out ! '' 
 he snarled , his fangs elongating at the mere thought of julian getting close to her . 
 julian grinned back at him ; his white blond hair fell into one of his ice cold eyes . 
 `` temper temper , '' he taunted lightly . 
 `` we 've shared before , we can share again . '' 
 `` i 'd kill you first ! '' 
 anger blazed from julian , his lip curled in a contemptuous sneer . 
 his ice eyes raked devon with a hate filled glare . 
 `` you truly have changed devon ; you 're such a disappointment , turning against your nature , your own kind ! '' 
 devon met his gaze , trying hard to keep the fury boiling through him under control . 
 he could n't let julian bait him into losing his temper . 
 julian was too deadly for that . 
 `` you will die before you ever touch her . '' 
 `` and if she kills you first ? '' 
 devon blinked in surprise , unsure what julian meant by that statement . 
 `` you truly do not get it , you stupid fool ! 
 she has you completely blinded . 
 could it be that devon , the master of death , destruction , and torture has been blinded by love ? '' 
 `` i have not been any of those things in a very long time julian ! '' 
 devon hissed . 
 `` you need to leave this town , you are not welcome here . '' 
 julian laughed coldly and shook back his tussled hair . 
 `` i am not leaving until i get a taste of that treat devon . 
 it will be delicious , '' he purred . 
 `` maybe i 'll even keep her for myself , she is a beauty . '' 
 rage tore through devon , shredding the thin control he had managed to keep . 
 the very thought of anyone touching cassie , of turning her , of taking her for themselves was enough to bring the bloodlust surging forth . 
 with a roar of fury , the beast burst free of him , clamoring for death and destruction . 
 he sprang forth as julian tossed marcy aside , his eyes lighting with red fire as he braced for devon 's attack . 
 they collided brutally , slamming into each other with the force of two mac trucks . 
 the sound of their attack rumbled through the forest , their snarls echoed through the air . 
 devon swung hard into him , slamming his fist into the underside of julian 's jaw , and snapping his head forcefully back . 
 julian spit and hissed ; his face twisted in pure fury as he swung out wildly , his claws raking deep across devon 's chest . 
 he did n't feel the pain as julian flayed his shirt and skin open , spilling his blood . 
 seizing hold of julian 's shoulders , devon picked him easily off the ground . 
 spinning around , he used his full strength to heave him into the air . 
 julian flew backward , his face mutated and furious as he sailed across the clearing . 
 slamming into the top of an ancient oak , the force of his impact shattered the top of it . 
 julian fell over the back of the tree , momentarily disappearing into the darkness of the woods . 
 satisfaction spurted through devon as he braced himself , waiting for julian to renew his attack . 
 his satisfaction was quickly doused with horror , and shock , as his eyes landed upon cassie . 
 she was standing at the edge of the clearing , her hands fisted at her sides , her shoulders thrust proudly back . 
 her hair cascaded around her , a golden ray of light against the dark night . 
 she looked beautiful and furious as her startling eyes smoldered with barely contained rage . 
 he blinked in surprise , unable to fully believe that she was here . 
 confusion tore through him as he met her fierce gaze . 
 what was she doing here ? 
 and why she was standing there glaring at him instead of running away screaming in terror ? 
 he knew what he looked like now , knew that he was ugly and twisted into something she would barely recognize . 
 at the sight of the monster inside him she should have been fleeing in horror , running for her life . 
 bolting like any sane person would do . 
 instead , a small tremor was wracking through her ; however it was not a tremor of fear , but one of pure anger . 
 his gaze darted to her fisted hands , widening as he took note of the stake clenched tight in her right hand . 
 he stood for a moment , trying to deny what was before him , trying not to recognize the truth that was slapping him in the face . 
 but it was impossible . 
 understanding and shock tore through him , rocking him with the awful realization of what julian had meant about her , and what had drawn julian here . 
 what had more than likely drawn him here , though he had been to blinded by his feelings for her to realize the truth . 
 now everything made sense . 
 now he knew why he had so many questions about her , and her friends . 
 why they had seemed so odd and different to him . 
 he knew exactly who and what she was now . 
 his enemy . 
 *** cassie ducked , covering her head as shards of bark and branches rained down upon her . 
 it seemed like forever , but was probably only moments before the debris stopped falling about her . 
 she uncurled slowly , rising swiftly to her full height . 
 pain and hurt twisted through her , anger blazed hotly forth as her gaze found devon across the clearing . 
 his teeth were extended , so long and sharp that they cut into his full bottom lip . 
 the same lip that had kissed her so gently and reverently now had blood seeping from it . 
 the magnificent face she had come to love so dearly was now twisted into that of a monster , and a murderer . 
 twisted into the face of the one thing she hated most , and had been born to destroy . 
 though she had already expected this betrayal , had already known what she would find here , to see it so closely was a knife to the chest that pierced her heart , tearing it wide , and bleeding her dry . 
 the red in his eyes vanished , shock filled them as they widened upon her , the beautiful green of them blazing to fierce life once more . 
 she saw the confusion in his gaze , but also the realization , the dawning knowledge of what she had come here to do . 
 `` cassie . '' 
 he breathed her name ; the wonder in it briefly disarmed her . 
 he sounded so surprised ; he looked so surprised . 
 but if he had known who she was all along , and had been toying with them , then should n't he be expecting her to show up to stop him eventually ? 
 would n't he already know exactly what she was , and why she was here ? 
 but he seemed completely baffled and astounded to see her in the clearing with him right now . 
 confusion filled her , for a moment she was disarmed by the wonder in his eyes . 
 then her gaze flickered to the body just feet away from him . 
 marcy lay curled on her side , her coffee hair gleaming in the moonlight . 
 fury tore through her again as her eyes flew wildly back to his . 
 `` you bastard ! '' 
 she spat . 
 `` you murdering bastard ! '' 
 she took a step toward him , determined to ignore the guilt and agony slithering through her like a poisonous snake . 
 it was a snake that would only make her slower , only hinder her movements if she acknowledged it for too long . 
 his gaze darted briefly , uncaringly , to marcy . 
 the negligent look only served to infuriate her more . 
 `` i can explain this . 
 look out ! '' 
 he shouted at her . 
 the terror in his voice rattled and unsettled her ; she did n't understand why it was there . 
 she caught a brief glimpse of devon lurching forward as she swung toward where he was looking . 
 her eyes widened in surprise and horror as someone , no something , moved swiftly from behind the ruined tree . 
 she had been so hurt and infuriated with devon , that she had not taken the time to think about what had caused the shattering of the giant oak . 
 it was now coming at her like a bat out of hell . 
 she had only a brief glimpse of ice cold eyes and white blond hair before it was upon her . 
 `` delectable . '' 
 the word was hissed softly at her , the pleasure and malevolence behind it caused nausea to twist in her stomach . 
 she was enveloped by evil . 
 the same evil she had felt before at the beach , and then again at b 's and s 's , and the cemetery . 
 the same evil that had been stalking them , toying with them , and hunting their community . 
 with an awful , crushing sensation descending upon her , she realized only too late that she had been completely wrong . 
 devon may be a vampire , but this was the real monster . 
 this was the creature that wanted nothing more than to destroy her and her loved ones . 
 instinct surged forth , all of her training blazed to life as his face twisted into a vicious snarl . 
 his teeth tore into his bottom lip as they sharpened to deadly , eager points . 
 he would kill her , if he got his hands on her , he would kill her . 
 she was no match for this thing . 
 not by herself , and not being caught off guard . 
 she turned at the last second , ducking as he lashed out at her , trying to grasp her . 
 a sharp cry escaped as his fingers snagged hold of her hair , tangling tight as he pulled her backward . 
 cassie flung herself at him , swinging her head forcefully back . 
 a spurt of satisfaction surged through her as she heard the rewarding crunch of his nose beneath the force of her skull . 
 stars blazed momentarily before her eyes , the sharp pain in her head blurred her vision , but his grip loosened . 
 throwing herself forward , she tore free of his grasp , not caring that she lost a handful of hair in the process . 
 relief filled her as she fell away from him , tumbling toward the ground in what felt like slow motion . 
 she had a brief glimpse of devon , charging across the clearing , the look of fury on his face caused her blood to run cold . 
 she could see every detail of the ground ; tell almost every color of the leaves beneath her . 
 her heart pounded , adrenaline pumped through her in mighty , heaving bursts . 
 it seemed as if she was falling forever , tumbling into an abyss that did n't seem to have a bottom . 
 she was just inches from the ground , inches from safety , when she felt it . 
 horror boiled through her , shock caused her heart to skip a beat . 
 her entire body stiffened against the pain that exploded through her . 
 the monster had grabbed for her again ; he had tried to seize her once more . 
 but this time he missed her hair , as his fingers had swung further down . 
 his nails tore into her , opening her flesh , spilling her blood as they sliced deep into her neck . 
 she hit the ground , landing painfully upon her hip as she rolled away . 
 disbelief and terror filled her as she fumbled numbly at the vicious wound in her throat . 
 blood pooled over her fingers , it coursed swiftly down her arm to fall soundlessly upon the ground . 
 devon stopped in his charge at the monster , his eyes widened as he skidded to a halt near her . 
 astonishment filled his eyes as they met hers . 
 he gazed at her for a long moment , dismay and fear blazing from him . 
 and then , to her complete horror , the beautiful emerald of his eyes became a violent shade of red as hunger blazed to fierce life within their bright depths . 
 chapter 22 devon froze , terror filling him as cassie fell to the ground in a tumbled heap . 
 her hand shot up in a vain attempt to staunch the flow of blood that poured freely from the horrendous wound in her neck . 
 it was a mortal wound , he knew that at once . 
 if she did n't get help , she would die . 
 then , the scent of her blood hit him , slamming into him with the force of a sledgehammer . 
 it knocked his reason from him , shoving aside all worry and panic over her safety as hunger and bloodlust burst through him . 
 the scent of her blood in the open air was the most enticing thing he had ever come across . 
 he could almost taste the power oozing from her as blood spilled uselessly , and wastefully , onto the forest floor . 
 it was a temptation and treasure unlike any he had ever come across . 
 and there was so very much power in her ; it permeated the air as it ran in tantalizing rivulets across her creamy skin . 
 saliva rushed into his mouth , his teeth grew heavier and sharper as the driving urge to bite deep , draining her of all of that wonderful blood , seized hold of him . 
 he took a step toward her , the bloodlust becoming a pounding frenzy inside of him . 
 he knew exactly what she was now , knew the pleasure that her blood would give him , knew the strength that she would give to him . 
 he had not drunk from a human in so very long , and she was more than human . 
 she was so wonderfully much more than human . 
 there was nothing more delicious and powerful tasting than a hunter . 
 he did not pause to think about the fact that the hunter line was supposed to be extinct . 
 nor did he pause to wonder how he had not picked up on what she was before . 
 all he could think about was savoring every last drop as he drained her dry . 
 all he wanted was to ease the firestorm of thirst that burned through his veins leaving them pain filled , arid , and throbbing . 
 her eyes widened in terror as he took another step toward her , his body thrummed in eager anticipation of the kill , and the fulfillment she would give to his long denied body . 
 he could feel the weakening of her body overtaking her ; feel the life force draining from her . 
 there was no way that he could allow such a waste of power to occur . 
 `` devon , '' she whispered , anguish and a sad acceptance filled her gaze . 
 she closed her eyes , her hand pressed tighter to the gash as she desperately tried to stop the mortality pouring from her open vein . 
 `` scrumptious , '' julian whispered . 
 devon turned as julian came forward . 
 he rushed past devon , the frenzying scent of her blood taking control of him . 
 reality slammed back over devon , crashing down with fierce brutality . 
 this was cassie , his cassie . 
 he had sworn to protect her from this evil , sworn to keep her safe no matter what the cost , and here he was about to rip her precious life away from her . 
 bursting back into motion , he grasped hold of julian 's shirt , ripping him backward . 
 julian bellowed with fury as he was flung across the clearing . 
 the thick canopy of a tree shook as julian bounced off of it . 
 julian rebounded quickly as he launched back to his feet , a fierce snarl escaped him . 
 rage blasted from julian in thick waves . 
 he tore back across the clearing , heedless of the fact that he would have to get through devon to get to her . 
 julian slammed into him , throwing them both back ten feet . 
 the small pine they hit snapped in half , the jagged piece of it scraped down devon 's back and ripped into his skin . 
 julian beat and tore at him , frenzied to get at her . 
 devon seized hold of his throat , holding julian away from him as he squeezed tight . 
 julian was lost to the throes of bloodlust , animalistic , wild and savage . 
 his eyes were as red as laser beams , his face twisted into a murderous snarl . 
 it was a state that a seasoned vampire rarely let take them over , as it meant giving up all control . 
 and loss of control could be dangerous . 
 when control was lost , a vampire could do anything , and often that was when the human population became aware of the demons lurking amongst them . 
 a vampire could be lost to the bloodlust for good , if they were not strong enough to pull out of it . 
 at one point a vampire that was lost would have been destroyed by the elder 's , but now except for devon and julian , the elder 's had little to do with the rest of the world , and remained locked away . 
 but the powerful scent of cassie 's blood had been too much for julian to handle . 
 hell , it had almost been too much for him to handle . 
 they scrambled upon the ground , pummeling each other as julian tried to get back to cassie , and devon fought to keep him far away . 
 julian was crazed with his hunger , frantic , and deadly because of it . 
 but devon was determined to keep her safe , determined that she would survive this night . 
 he would not lose her , if he did , he would not be able to endure it . 
 with every cell in his body he knew that he would not survive her death , just as he knew that he would destroy everything , and everyone that ever tried to hurt her . 
 julian drew his legs up under him , somehow getting them between their bodies . 
 using all of his vast strength , he shoved devon forcefully off . 
 devon was thrown into the center of the clearing . 
 pain jarred through his body as he bounced across the hard ground . 
 cassie 's frightened cry echoed loudly in his over sensitized ears . 
 ignoring every ache and pain , he launched himself back to his feet as julian reached her . 
 cassie swung at him , but devon could sense the weakness in her body , the life and strength draining swiftly from her . 
 terror and rage tore through him as julian seized hold of her arm , ripping her toward him , a loud hiss of desire escaping him . 
 devon sprang forward , seizing hold of julian , and ripping him away from her seconds before his teeth sank into her delicate neck . 
 turning in midair , he twisted their bodies away from her , trying to keep her safe from the impact of their weight . 
 they fell to the ground , bouncing across its surface mere inches from her . 
 julian seized hold of devon 's neck , his hand wrapped tight around it . 
 using the palm of his hand , devon slammed it into the bottom of julian 's already broken nose . 
 fresh blood spilled forth causing julian to howl in pain as he fell back . 
 devon leapt to his feet , grabbing julian by the shirt . 
 lifting him like a rag doll , he shook him fiercely . 
 `` stay away from her ! '' 
 he snarled viciously . 
 julian 's fist connected with his cheek , staggering him back a few feet with the force of the blow . 
 bellowing with fury , determined to destroy the monster he had helped to create , devon slammed his fist into julian 's cheek . 
 the sickening crunch of his cheekbone echoed loudly in the clearing . 
 julian 's half collapsed face twisted with fury and pain , his eyes burned with red fire . 
 he lashed out , panic and agony making him reckless and dangerous . 
 his claws connected with devon 's chin , the force of the blow staggered him slightly as blood spilled free . 
 grabbing hold of julian , he picked him up and heaved him across the clearing once more . 
 the large maple julian collided with shook from the force of the blow , a large crack lanced up its thick trunk . 
 julian landed head first on the ground , his legs above his head against the tree . 
 he lay for a moment before falling away from the trunk . 
 staggering to his feet , he shook his head in disorientation . 
 shifting his stance , devon kept his body protectively in front of cassie as he waited for another charge . 
 julian took a step forward ; his gaze darted briefly to cassie , hunger and longing burned within the ruby red depths of his eyes . 
 then his gaze came back to devon , anger , fear , and disgust flashed briefly across his distorted , beaten features . 
 though julian still wanted her , the beating he had received seemed to have shaken him free of the bloodlust . 
 he was back in control of his actions and thoughts . 
 weighing the odds , julian stood for a moment , his gaze darting between them . 
 this fight would go to the death , and julian would not win . 
 they both knew that . 
 julian wanted cassie fiercely , but he wanted to live even more . 
 julian had always been number one in his own book , always highest on himself . 
 his own life and his love of himself were his two biggest motivators . 
 devon was relieved to realize that things had not changed . 
 though devon was winning this fight , if it continued cassie would probably bleed to death before julian 's life was forfeit . 
 `` till next time . '' 
 julian turned and fled into the woods , becoming a blurring shimmer that disappeared swiftly within the trees . 
 not trusting julian to stay away , devon kept all of his senses honed for his presence as he turned back to cassie . 
 julian was wounded and overpowered , but he was also reckless and hungry . 
 taking a deep breath , devon braced himself to get close to her again . 
 he braced himself to withstand the enticing lure of her deliciously scented blood , and the power that it possessed . 
 he tried hard to keep control of the fierce , hungry monster inside of him as he approached her slowly . 
 she was scared enough , and confused enough , without seeing him turn back into the demon that he was . 
 she stared up at him , her eyes wide with horror , hurt , and terror . 
 he continued to move slowly toward her , but to his surprise she did not shrink from him . 
 she did not try to scream , did not even try to scramble away , as he was fairly certain she would be too weak to run . 
 she simply stared up at him with a sad acceptance in her mesmerizing eyes . 
 blood stuck to her fingers , coated her arm , and clung to her shirt and jeans . 
 a puddle had formed beneath her ; the beat of her heart had slowed dangerously . 
 fear tore through devon . 
 forgetting his need to go slow , he hurried to her side as he dropped beside her . 
 he was surprised to realize that his concern for her life momentarily outweighed his desire for her blood . 
 he did not know how long that would last , but for now all that mattered was her , and her safety . 
 gently , he eased her slender body into his arms . 
 she moaned softly , her head dropped limply against his chest as he lifted her swiftly . 
 she felt as light as a feather in his arms , and just as weak . 
 the fragileness of her life hit him hard as he cradled her , holding her tight against him . 
 he had forgotten how weak and frightening it was to be human , how vulnerable and tenuous . 
 even if she was n't entirely human , she still had to face the reality of death . 
 and her life consisted of even more death than most humans , and it was far shorter . 
 it was a fact that he did not want to acknowledge , or recognize , in cassie . 
 though the bloodlust had been crushed beneath his fear , he felt a different kind of urge overtaking him now . 
 this urge was new , and something that he had never experienced before . 
 he was suddenly swamped with the desire to keep her safe from her own mortality , to keep her safe from the fragility of her life . 
 he was consumed with the need to change her , to make her as immortal as he was . 
 to keep her protected from her life and the certain death that accompanied it . 
 though he had changed people before , he had never been consumed with the fierce need to do so . 
 never felt the fierce craving to make sure that she never had to face her own mortality again . 
 he closed his eyes , shaking with his urge to change her , shaking with the desire to keep her forever safe , and with him . 
 he could take her away from here , keep her safe , sheltered , and loved . 
 she would never have to worry about fighting again ; never have to worry about the brutality of her life . 
 and he knew that her life was brutal . 
 he had known some hunter 's during his long lifetime , seen what they had gone through , and had even killed a few of them . 
 he did not want her to have to experience that . 
 she deserved far better than what her lot in life had handed her . 
 `` devon . '' 
 he shook his head , trying to clear himself of his urges as he met her tired gaze . 
 there was a sad acceptance about her ; the knowledge of death within her stare rattled him completely . 
 the normal light in her eyes was dimmer ; the spark of life that radiated from her was already beginning to flicker . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 `` i. . . 
 i. . . '' 
 `` shh baby , it 'll be ok . '' 
 her wide eyes met his ; tears filled the bright depths of them . 
 `` do n't leave me cassie , just hold on . 
 do n't you leave me , '' he whispered fervently . 
 tears slid down her face . 
 resting his hand over top of hers , he pushed hard against the wound , hoping to help stem the life pouring from her . 
 there was one way that he knew he could completely stop the bleeding . 
 he was just afraid that it would take more self control than he possessed at the moment . 
 her heart fluttered slightly . 
 it was a flutter he knew well , he had caused it in many heartbeats moments before he had taken someone 's life from them . 
 it was the sound of that flutter that drove him into action . 
 bending over her , he pressed her close to him , nuzzling her gently as he inhaled her wonderfully delicious scent . 
 she did not stiffen against him , did not try to push him away . 
 she did not even remotely flinch away as she turned slightly toward him , her warm breath caressing his cheek . 
 he wished that he could believe it was because she wanted him to change her , but he knew that she simply did not possess the strength to turn away from him , or fight against him . 
 she would not want to be a part of his world , would not want to belong to the darkness , and he was crazy for even thinking about condemning her to such a life . 
 she deserved far better than anything he had to offer her . 
 bracing himself , he pulled her hand gently away from the large wound . 
 blood pulsed out of the jagged cuts with every beat of her heart . 
 his chest clenched at the sight of that blood , his teeth elongated instantly as hunger swamped him . 
 it took him a few seconds to gather himself enough not to sink deep into her throat and taste the delicious blood pouring from her . 
 when he was in control enough , he bent his mouth to her neck . 
 the sweet scent of her assailed him as he nuzzled her briefly , savoring in the feel of her . 
 her heartbeat picked up slightly , but he sensed no fear in her , only an excitement that confused him as well as aroused his hunger and desire even higher . 
 fighting against every one of his murderous instincts , he slowly licked the three vicious gashes in her delicate neck , sealing them with the healing agent in his saliva . 
 the taste of her blood slammed into him . 
 it was the sweetest nectar he had ever savored , so full of strength and vigor . 
 it pounded through him , hammering throughout his veins . 
 his teeth throbbed with their desire to be sated , he was desperate for the ultimate pleasure her blood would bring him . 
 never had he tasted anything so sweet , so tempting and delicious . 
 never had he experienced so much power within one person . 
 he had never even imagined one person could possess so much lure . 
 he had tasted his fair share of hunters before , but their blood had been nothing compared to this . 
 their blood had been as powerful as a goldfish 's compared to this . 
 her blood was ambrosia and he wanted more than just a little taste . 
 then , her hand stroked over his face , the touch as light as a butterflies caress . 
 it helped to soothe the shaking , thirsty beast trapped inside of him . 
 she helped to keep him from draining her dry in order to satisfy the raging monster inside . 
 using every ounce of self restraint and control he had , he pulled slightly back ; his eyes clashed with her tear filled , curious ones . 
 she smoothed her hand over his cheek , cradling him gently in her grasp . 
 devon could not move ; he was pinned within her gaze , guilt and horror tearing through him . 
 she was comforting him , and he was thinking about draining every last drop of life from her . 
 she was comforting him , and he was on the verge of destroying her . 
 struggling to regain control , he unfolded himself from above her . 
 though the wounds were sealed , she was still a long way from safe . 
 a fair amount of her precious life had been spilled . 
 he needed to get her somewhere that would help her . 
 `` hold on cassie , '' he pleaded fervently . 
 `` do n't leave me . '' 
 tears slid slowly down her cheeks , leaving a trail in the dirt and blood that marred her delicate features . 
 he wanted to brush them away , wanted to kiss away her pain , but he was afraid to get to close to her again . 
 he did n't know how much torture and temptation he could take before snapping . 
 and if he snapped , he would keep her as his . 
 a fate he was certain that cassie wanted no part of . 
 he quaked with the reserve it took not to finish it , not to turn her . 
 he would not do it ; he could not take her youth , her innocence , and her life from her . 
 she deserved far better than that . 
 far better than him . 
 devon drew on every ounce of self restraint he had . 
 slowly , he was able to regain enough control to think straight once more . 
 if he did not get her help , human help soon , she was going to die . 
 a branch snapped loudly . 
 devon spun , curling her protectively against him . 
 he should n't have let down his guard , should not have let his attention wander from julian , but she had that affect upon him . 
 he lost all his reason , all sanity , and all thought when she was around . 
 now , julian was back . 
 devon should have known that julian would not quit , not when he had smelled her blood also , not when he had been in the throes of bloodlust . 
 devon used all of his powers and senses to hunt him down , but he could not find him within the woods . 
 he did however pick up on three new minds within the forest . 
 he tensed in preparation as chris , melissa , and luther burst out of the woods , skidding to a halt on the other side of the clearing . 
 their eyes widened in horror , their mouths parted slightly as they took in the limp , bloody form of cassie in his arms . 
 he knew what the three of them were , but he had no fear for his own safety around them . 
 they were nothing compared to him , no threat to his survival . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 melissa cried , rushing toward them . 
 luther moved swiftly , grabbing hold of her arm he ripped her back as devon cradled cassie tighter , an involuntary snarl tearing from him . 
 he did not know what had possessed him , he knew that they would not hurt her , but the idea of them even touching her made him want to rip their throats out . 
 it made him want to destroy them all . 
 `` no ! '' 
 melissa 's hand flew to her mouth in shock ; horror filled her black eyes as she took in devon 's twisted features , and deadly teeth . 
 devon turned away from the pain , disgust , and condemnation burning from all of their gazes . 
 he did not know them well , but he had grown to like them over the past few weeks , and he hated the revulsion in their eyes . 
 holding cassie protectively against him , he turned away from their disgust , disappearing into the woods in a blur of motion . 
 feeling wildly unstable again , he plummeted through the forest , uncertain of where he was going . 
 he just knew that he needed to get away from them , and he needed to get her out of there . 
 he needed to get her somewhere safe . 
 moving faster than he had ever moved in his long existence , devon plummeted through the woods ; keeping cassie shielded from the branches and twigs that slapped at him . 
 he knew that fear for her life was a big motivator for his faster than average speed , but it was also more than that . 
 the few drops of her blood he had tasted had already begun to change him . 
 they had already made him stronger , far more powerful and faster . 
 he did n't know how it was possible that she possessed so much power , and he had not picked up on it . 
 he did not know how she could even possess so much power . 
 the amount of it was far from normal , even for a hunter . 
 he did not know the answers to any of the questions swirling through him , and he did n't really care . 
 the only thing he cared about right now was saving her life . 
 the only thing he cared about was keeping her with him for as long as possible . 
 he could only hope that she did not hate him for what he was . 
 he could not stop to think about that . 
 if he did , he would lose it . 
 devon sped through the woods , uncertain of where he was going , or what he was going to do with her . 
 all he could hope was that she survived until he could get her help . 
 cassie curled tighter against him , her head rested trustingly against the hollow curve of his neck . 
 he did not understand her trust in him , not after everything she had discovered tonight , but it was a trust that he was going to try and live up to . 
 he could only hope that he did not snap and change her before he finally reached his destination . 
