 chapter 1 `` help ! 
 i need help here ! '' 
 devon slammed through the hospital doors , shoving aside anyone in his way as he frantically searched for someone in the identifying white coat . 
 panic hammered through him as he nearly barreled over a man on crutches . 
 cassie 's head rested limply against his chest , her breathing had become shallow ; the soft beat of her heart had slowed to alarming conditions . 
 `` now ! '' 
 he bellowed when no lab coats appeared . 
 `` i need help now ! '' 
 a young man , in the much sought after white coat , appeared through another set of doors , his eyes widened as he took them both in . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 the doctor demanded , rushing forward . 
 `` an animal , '' devon lied smoothly . 
 `` some kind of animal attacked her . '' 
 the doctor 's eyes narrowed sharply upon cassie 's prone form . 
 `` we need a gurney over here ! '' 
 the doctor commanded sharply . 
 devon clung tighter to cassie , his hand digging into the golden silk of her hair as nurses and orderlies bustled about . 
 the doctor and a nurse came at him , holding their arms out to take her from him . 
 possessiveness tore through him ; he clung tighter to her , anger surging inexplicably forth as they tried to take her away . 
 though he did not understand it , he did not want to let go of her , and he did not want anyone else to touch her . 
 `` give her over son , '' the doctor commanded gruffly . 
 devon took a steadying breath as he tried to quell the unstable beast lurking just beneath his surface . 
 the beast that was ready to kill in order to keep her safe , even if she was not in danger right now . 
 slowly , painfully , he managed to regain enough control , and reason , to hand cassie over to the doctor and an orderly . 
 his arms felt empty without her reassuring weight , his body instantly missed the physical connection between them . 
 he kept his mind touching briefly along the edge of hers in order to keep himself reassured that she was still alive . 
 it was only that connection to her that was keeping him even remotely sane , and reasonable , right now . 
 the doctor eyed him wearily , his eyes scanning rapidly over the tear marks in his shirt , and the blood that marred it . 
 `` are you injured ? '' 
 `` no , '' devon answered impatiently , barely glancing at the jagged wounds in his chest . 
 the blood had already stopped flowing ; the muscle had begun to knit itself closed once more . 
 what had once been deep gashes appeared more like scratches now . 
 the man 's eyes narrowed upon him before glancing briefly back at cassie . 
 `` did you two have a fight ? '' 
 devon bristled , rage flared through him as he took a step closer to the smaller man . 
 `` there was no fight , it was an animal , now save her , '' he growled . 
 fear flashed across the doctor 's face as he took a small step back . 
 `` we 'll have to ... ah we have to alert the police . 
 procedure , you know , '' he stuttered out . 
 devon lifted an eyebrow , his gaze burrowing into the doctor 's . 
 using his ability , he thrust his mind forward , pushing it into the doctor 's . 
 exerting his power , he bent the man 's will to his own , altering his memories and forcing him to bow to devon 's wishes . 
 this was one of the abilities that he did not relish using , but it did come in handy once in awhile . 
 the doctor 's hazel eyes glazed over , he nodded briefly before turning slowly away , his attention becoming focused upon cassie once more . 
 the doctor moved swiftly through the halls , heading in the direction that they were wheeling cassie . 
 devon followed silently behind , moving like a wraith through the stark halls . 
 they pushed her gurney into a bright room , where they hurried about , hooking her swiftly up to a bunch of beeping , whirring machines . 
 the bright light of the room was harsh against his sensitive eyes ; the stringently chemical smell abrasive . 
 in the middle of all the harsh coldness of the sterile room , cassie was a bright , warm beacon of light . 
 her golden hair , spread out like a fan around her , was the most vivid thing in the entire room . 
 she was far paler than normal , her skin almost as white as the sheets she lay upon . 
 the delicate blue veins in her neck , forehead , and around her eyes stood out sharply against her abnormally ashen skin . 
 but even with her pallor , she was delicately beautiful , and completely perfect . 
 his heart ached for her , ached to hold her , ached to save her from anymore pain as they stabbed her with needles , and poked and prodded at her . 
 anger shot swiftly through him , he reminded himself that they had to do this in order to save her life . 
 he turned away when they cut her shirt off , her modesty forgotten in their rush to find the source of all the blood . 
 he could not look upon her now . 
 he had n't seen this much of her yet , and this was not the place for him to see it , especially when she had no choice in the matter . 
 and he most certainly could not stand to watch these strangers taking in the beauty of her , he was afraid he would kill them if he did . 
 `` where did all of this blood come from ? '' 
 though devon had healed the life threatening injuries that had driven them here , there were still three small cuts in her neck . 
 he had left them behind in order to satisfy some of the human 's curiosity , apparently not enough though . 
 it took a moment for devon to fully realize that the doctor was speaking to him . 
 he focused his gaze upon him , studiously avoiding cassie 's prone , half naked form . 
 `` the cuts on her neck . '' 
 the doctor frowned , his eyebrows drawing tightly together as he shook his head . 
 `` those cuts are n't deep enough , they 're superficial at best . 
 i need to know the truth , if we are going to treat her i need to know where all of the blood came from . '' 
 devon 's hands fisted as he took a step forward , pushing the smaller man back with his body . 
 drawing on his strong abilities , he opened his mind to everyone in the room , snagging hold of the edges of their thoughts as he drew them all in . 
 the hustle of the room slowed to a stop as they turned toward him , their minds a blank slate for him to fill as he saw fit . 
 `` the blood loss is from the cuts on her neck , there are to be no more questions . 
 she needs blood , now treat her , '' he growled fiercely . 
 he withdrew slowly from their minds , leaving them slightly dazed and glassy looking . 
 they blinked in surprise , their minds snapping back into place as the normal hustle of their jobs seized them once more . 
 devon focused on the back wall , folding his hands tightly behind his back as he struggled not to look at her again . 
 he wanted to reassure himself that she was alright , and he desperately wanted a glimpse at her body , but he would hate himself for taking advantage of her at such a time . 
 not when she was so vulnerable , and still on the verge of death . 
 he focused his attention upon the room , listening to the bustle of the people , the beep of the machines , the soft commands and orders rapidly barked out and completed . 
 he felt so useless , so helpless . 
 it was taking all he had not to break something , not to rip it to shreds with his bare hands in order to ease some of his frustration . 
 the power of her blood still coursed inside of him , humming through his veins , making him feel as if he could conquer the world . 
 he had a strong ability for mind control , and bending people to his will , but sometimes it was depleting and exhausting . 
 he was neither depleted , nor tired now . 
 in fact , he felt far stronger , and more invigorated than he had ever felt . 
 he could only imagine how a good dose of her blood would make him feel , instead of the few drops he had tasted . 
 a shudder ran through him , the monster within him prickled . 
 it coiled just beneath the surface like a rattlesnake ready to strike . 
 he ground his jaw , his hands clenching tight as the humans hurried past him . 
 they were as inconsequential as gnats to him . 
 gnats that he was trying hard not to swat down in order to ease his frustration . 
 `` do you need some medical attention ? '' 
 devon blinked in surprise at a nurse . 
 she was staring worriedly at him , her eyes wide upon his chest . 
 `` no . '' 
 her eyes widened at his harsh tone , but he could still sense her keen interest in him . 
 an interest that had nothing to do with his need for medical attention . 
 it was an interest that he wanted no part of right now . 
 he stared hard at her until she took the hint and slunk slowly away , apparently deciding it was best to stay away from him . 
 devon risked a glance back , relieved to note that they had cassie mostly covered now . 
 the staff continued to hustle about , blood was brought forth , more needles were inserted , dials and knobs checked . 
 slowly , the room began to clear , medical personnel filed away . 
 `` is she going to be ok ? '' 
 he demanded harshly of the hassled looking doctor . 
 the doctor nodded , taking off his cap as he ran his hands through his shaggy brown hair . 
 `` there was quite a bit of blood loss , but yes , she is young and healthy . 
 i think she will be fine . '' 
 devon nodded as the doctor swept past , swiftly leaving the room . 
 though the man had no recollection of what devon had done to him , he was still very unnerved by devon . 
 and devon did n't blame him , humans were not stupid , at least not when it came to what they were instinctually afraid of . 
 and the doctor was instinctually afraid of him . 
 devon moved slowly toward cassie , his chest tightened with excitement at the thought of touching her once more . 
 the machines beeped softly as her chest rose and fell with the gentle rhythm of her breath . 
 the beat of her heart was stronger , a more solid thud in her delicate ribs . 
 devon slid his hand slowly into hers , relief filling him at the feel of her silken skin against his . 
 he clasped lightly hold of it , noting the frailty of her slender bones . 
 though she was stronger than any human , she was still vulnerable to death , still mortal . 
 the monster inside of him bristled at the thought . 
 it rustled through him , a dark presence that wanted nothing more than to take that humanity from her , and keep her protected from her fragile mortality . 
 his hand tightened briefly upon hers . 
 her bones could break so easily , snapping as if they were no more than brittle twigs . 
 the mere thought of it was almost enough to send him into a rage . 
 grasping hold of her hand with both of his , he struggled to retain control of the pendulum of emotions swinging rapidly back and forth inside of him . 
 he did n't understand the possessive urge that drove him whenever he was near her . 
 he had never experienced it before , and he had been around for a very long time . 
 seven hundred and fifty two years to be exact . 
 he wanted her for his own , wanted to keep her and make her his , and he also wanted to take the frailty of her existence from her . 
 as long as she remained mortal then there was a chance he could lose her . 
 that was a chance he was unwilling to take . 
 he knew what his possessive urges meant , knew what it signaled for the both of them , but he was n't ready to think about that . 
 was not ready to acknowledge the fact that this was not going to end well for them . 
 devon blinked in startled surprise , his head jerked away from her as loud voices filled the hospital hallway . 
 he was shocked to realize that while he had been staring at cassie his veins had begun to burn with fierce hunger , and his fangs had once again sharpened and lengthened . 
 for a moment , he had almost lost control of himself . 
 for a moment , he had been very close to biting her , draining her , changing her . 
 and that was something that he could not do . 
 cassie was too good , to pure , to innocent and sweet to be condemned to a life of darkness and eternal thirst . 
 he would protect her from that at all costs . 
 though it was a struggle , he slowly regained control of himself as he focused on the chaos ensuing outside of the room . 
 shouts echoed down the hall , bouncing off of the tiled floors and cement walls . 
 slapping feet , and the sound of another gurney being wheeled down the hall filled his ears . 
 `` another animal attack ! '' 
 a sharp voice barked . 
 questions bounced around the halls , loud voices demanding to be heard . 
 voices he recognized . 
 he rested cassie 's hand gently upon the bed , careful not to disturb any of the tubes hooked to her . 
 he only made it two steps toward the door before luther , melissa , and chris barged into the room . 
 they froze for a moment , their eyes widening as their gazes darted between him and cassie . 
 relief , disbelief , and confusion radiated from them . 
 `` you son of a bitch ! '' 
 chris exploded , charging across the room like a bull in a headlong rush at the red cape . 
 his sapphire eyes were narrowed with fury , his broad shoulders set like a defenseman . 
 devon braced himself , planting his feet for chris 's attack . 
 stepping swiftly to the side , he latched hold of the larger boy , his hand wrapping swiftly around chris 's throat . 
 thrusting sideways , devon pinned him sharply against the wall . 
 chris 's feet dangled a good foot off the ground as he struggled to break free of devon 's hold . 
 chris choked , his hands clawing at devon 's , his eyes bulging as he struggled to breathe . 
 `` you 're not big enough to mess with me ! '' 
 devon snarled , his hand tightening on chris 's neck . 
 `` wait , wait ! 
 stop ! '' 
 melissa rushed over ; grasping hold of devon 's arm she tried uselessly to tug him free . 
 `` let go of him ! '' 
 luther pushed his way in , shoving melissa roughly aside as he knocked her hand free . 
 though devon was prepared for luther to try and pull him away , he was surprised when the man simply rested a hand lightly on devon 's arm . 
 his intense grey eyes met devon 's head on . 
 devon had questioned cassie 's strange relationship with melissa 's adoptive father , but he now understood that luther was her guardian . 
 that he was , in fact , all of their guardians . 
 luther was the man that trained them , and helped guided them in their journey as hunter 's . 
 and that was the real reason cassie spent such a vast amount of time at their house , why she had been distant and vague and oddly frightened in the dream that they had shared . 
 he now understood her words from the dream lake . 
 now understood what she had meant when she had said , `` out there everything is hard . 
 out there , this can not be . '' 
 for her , everything in the world was hard , he had wanted to keep her sheltered from the dark realities of his life , but at the time he had not realized that she was already fully inundated with the true cruelty of the world . 
 `` there was n't any time for camp once luther and melissa came . '' 
 she had told him in the dream , and at the time he had been confused and lost , but now he realized that she was not able to attend camp once luther and melissa had come to tell her that she was not a normal child ; that she was in fact far from normal . 
 and luther was her guardian , the one that would help her through the hard transition this realization would cause . 
 luther was the reason that cassie had fought him so hard when devon had first arrived . 
 devon could not find it within him to be resentful toward luther though . 
 in fact , luther had probably helped to keep cassie alive . 
 he may have been too blinded by his infatuation with cassie to recognize what chris , melissa , and cassie were upon his arrival , but julian had n't , and other vampire 's would recognize it too . 
 luther had helped to prepare them for this , had helped to make sure that they would be prepared for the monsters of the world , and able to defend themselves against them . 
 luther 's training was the only thing that had saved her from julian 's attack . 
 `` cassie will be devastated if something happened to chris . 
 she would never forgive you devon if you hurt him . 
 never , '' luther said fervently . 
 devon met chris 's bulging gaze once more . 
 he did n't want to harm the boy ; he had actually grown to like him over the past couple of weeks . 
 but his anger and frustration over this awful day were getting the best of him . 
 besides , the last thing he ever wanted was to hurt cassie . 
 taking a step away from him , he released chris with a small shove back . 
 chris slid down the wall , stumbling slightly forward before regaining his balance . 
 he leveled devon with a fierce glare as he rubbed his bruised throat , but he did n't attack again . 
 devon moved slowly back to the bed , planting his body in between them and cassie as he folded his arms firmly across his chest . 
 though he knew that they would not hurt her , he could n't shake the insane urge to protect her from them . 
 chris took another step toward him , bristling over devon 's protective behavior . 
 luther grasped hold of his arm , holding him in place . 
 `` what did you do to her ? '' 
 chris nearly bellowed , shaking with the rage that flowed through him . 
 devon glared fiercely at him , but to his credit , chris did not back down . 
 though he was annoyed by chris 's condemning tone , he did admire the boy 's pride and determination . 
 `` if i had done this to her , she would n't be here right now . '' 
 chris sputtered , trying to shake his arm free of luther 's grasp , but he would not release him . 
 `` and what the hell does that mean !? '' 
 chris exploded . 
 devon took a step closer to him , his arms falling back to his sides . 
 `` it means that she would not be here . 
 it means that i would have kept her for myself , '' devon snarled . 
 disbelief and horror radiated from all of them , their eyes darted swiftly to her prone form . 
 devon bristled slightly , but he did not move . 
 `` how is she ? '' 
 luther asked quietly , apparently deciding to ignore devon 's comment . 
 devon 's gaze darted briefly back to her pale , frail form . 
 `` the doctor said she will be fine . '' 
 melissa began to cry . 
 devon blinked in surprise as the normally calm , stoic girl , burst into loud heart wrenching sobs . 
 she moved slowly around devon , her tear filled eyes wary upon him as she hurried to the other side of the bed . 
 `` i was so scared , '' she whispered , her voice mournful and lost . 
 `` i thought she was dead , i thought that we had lost her . 
 when i saw it ... '' her voice trailed off as tears choked her . 
 `` saw it ? '' 
 devon inquired sharply , his hackles rising over her statement . 
 she had seen something that could have prevented all of this , and she had done nothing to stop it ? 
 melissa glanced at him , her onyx eyes bright with tears . 
 she did not answer as she turned her full attention back to cassie . 
 `` what the hell is going on here ? '' 
 chris demanded fiercely . 
 `` he 's a monster ! 
 we should be destroying him ! '' 
 `` i 'd like to see you try . 
 you have never come up against the likes of me boy , you will not win this battle , '' devon muttered in a low growl . 
 chris 's eyes spit blue fury , but he did not make another heedless charge . 
 apparently he was a quick learner . 
 `` i think it 's safe to say that devon is not one of the bad guys , '' luther muttered softly , his eyes narrowed and questioning behind his lennon style glasses . 
 the soft hint of his english accent was even more pronounced due to his stress and confusion . 
 `` is that possible ? '' 
 melissa asked quietly , wiping the tears from her cheeks . 
 `` anything is possible , i suppose , '' luther replied with an easy shrug , though his eyes were intent and inquisitive upon devon . 
 devon bristled slightly under his scrutiny , but he remained where he was , mainly because he was not going to release cassie 's hand again . 
 `` who did this to her then ? '' 
 chris demanded sharply . 
 devon hesitated , not sure how much he wanted to tell them . 
 but he knew that the anger in the room would not be diffused if he refused to tell them anything . 
 and though he would prefer to keep some things to himself , cassie 's happiness was by far more important to him than his pride . 
 `` julian did . '' 
 they exchanged quick , confused looks before focusing upon him once more . 
 `` who is julian ? '' 
 luther asked softly . 
 devon shook his head , not wanting to get into a detailed explanation of that just yet . 
 `` he 's a monster , '' devon answered simply . 
 `` that 's the pot calling the kettle black , '' chris retorted . 
 devon 's head snapped up , his eyes narrowed fiercely on chris . 
 `` you do n't know what i am and am not ! 
 but you keep pushing me and you will find out ! '' 
 he spat . 
 chris 's eyes widened slightly , and for the first time a bolt of fear flashed through them . 
 `` easy , this is not the place for this . 
 i am sure that devon will give us some answers later , but cassie will also want those answers . 
 now , let 's just calm down . 
 fighting is not solving anything , and it 's not helping cassie any . 
 he did save her life , '' luther reasoned . 
 chris stared coldly at devon , but wisely kept his mouth shut for a change . 
 `` have you called her grandmother ? '' 
 devon demanded briskly . 
 luther shook his head , pushing his glasses up his nose as he glanced worriedly at cassie . 
 `` no , we had to get marcy to the hospital first , and in all honesty , we thought she was dead . 
 that 's something that is better to tell a loved one in person . '' 
 all of their gazes were inquisitive , and doubtful , as they studied devon like an odd bug that they did n't understand . 
 devon nodded , his hand tightened briefly upon cassie 's . 
 he did n't take offense to the fact that they had her thought her dead ; it was the nature of most of his kind to kill after all . 
 and at one time he had not been the exception to that rule . 
 if it had n't been for annabelle , he would still be a monster , destroying and killing whenever the mood struck him . 
 `` how is marcy ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` she 'll be ok , '' melissa whispered , wiping the remaining tears from her cheeks . 
 `` she 's lost a lot of blood but she 'll survive . '' 
 `` yeah , now we have to worry about how we 're going to explain all of this to her , '' chris muttered . 
 `` i 'll take care of that . '' 
 their gazes flew back to him , their eyes narrowed questioningly . 
 `` how do you plan on doing that ? '' 
 chris demanded . 
 devon shook his head , not willing to divulge any of his secrets before they agreed to divulge some of theirs . 
 and he knew that they would have secrets too . 
 hunter 's possessed some of the same abilities that vampire 's did ; he just was n't sure which ones they had , and he could n't leave himself vulnerable to them . 
 `` i have my ways , '' devon murmured . 
 chris 's eyes narrowed sharply , his lip twisted into a sneer , but he did not push further . 
 `` i saw you coming , but i did n't see you , '' melissa whispered , looking dazed and lost . 
 devon started in surprise , his eyes widening as he turned back toward her . 
 she was studying him with a deep , penetrating stare that unnerved him slightly . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 he asked in confusion . 
 she blinked in shock , shaking her head . 
 her raven hair fell forward , shielding her pretty features as she turned quickly back to cassie . 
 luther moved to melissa 's side , resting his hand lightly on her shoulder as he lifted the phone and punched in some numbers . 
 chris moved slowly to cassie 's other side , his gaze still weary on devon as he rested his hand lightly on cassie 's arm . 
 devon bristled slightly , his eyes narrowed as he fought the urge to leap over the bed at chris , knocking his hand away from her . 
 instead , somehow , he managed to keep control of himself . 
 devon had suspected for awhile that his feelings for cassie were more than just normal , had feared that they were more intense and binding than that . 
 he was now beginning to truly realize that he had been right . 
 however , if he did n't regain firm restraint of himself , someone was going to get hurt and that was something that he could n't allow to happen . 
 especially not now , not when cassie 's life still hung in the balance and her friends were surrounding him . 
 friends that were also trained to hate him , fight him , and try to kill him . 
 friends that wanted nothing more than to see him dead . 
 he glanced back at cassie 's prone figure . 
 if she survived this , would she hate him too ? 
 would she also want him dead ? 
 a shiver racked through him at the thought . 
 he could n't stand it if she hated , or condemned him . 
 he would not survive it if she turned him away . 
 he would not be able to stay rational . 
 whatever she decided when she awoke would affect both of them . 
 she held both of their destinies in her hands ; he could only hope that she did not destroy his . 
 did not destroy him . 
 he returned chris 's fierce glare with one of his own as he slid his hand back into hers . 
 he clung tightly to her , needing her warmth to keep him tethered , needing her presence to soothe his wildly swaying emotions . 
 she was the only thing that could keep him grounded in a world that was wildly unstable for him right now . 
 she was the only thing keeping him sane , the only thing that was keeping him from destroying this room in a fit of rage . 
 pulling up a chair , he sat next to her , ignoring the surprised looks that chris , melissa , and luther shot him . 
 he did n't care what they thought ; he was not leaving her side until she was awake . 
 he was not leaving her side unless she told him to . 
 for now he could only hope that cassie woke up again , and that she did not spurn him when she did . 
 chapter 2 devon shifted in discomfort . 
 his muscles had stiffened long ago , his legs were cramped , his back sore from the hard chair . 
 luther had left as the sun broke over the horizon , taking chris and melissa with him to check on marcy . 
 they had not been gone long , but he knew that they would be returning soon . 
 cassie 's grandmother sat silently across from him , her hand rested lightly upon cassie 's arm . 
 though she kept most of her attention focused on cassie , she would glance questioningly at him every once in awhile . 
 her eyes were sometimes the color of the sky , at other times they were a deep , distant brown . 
 he did n't know what brought on the change of color , but it was fascinating to watch . 
 though cassie 's grandmother had not spoken a word to anyone since she had arrived , devon knew that she had something to say to him . 
 he just was n't entirely sure he wanted to hear it . 
 he was greatly afraid that the deceptively delicate looking woman would tell him to stay away from her granddaughter , and that was something that he could not do . 
 not until he was sure that julian was gone for good . 
 he could not leave cassie until he knew she was completely safe . 
 even then , he was n't sure he would be able to leave her . 
 he needed her ; she was a part of him . 
 she was his everything . 
 finally , cassie 's grandmother turned to him , her eyes a bright blue once more . 
 `` thank you , '' she said softly . 
 devon 's hands tightened on the arms of the chair , his eyebrows lifted questioningly . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 she swallowed heavily . 
 `` for saving her , she 's all that i have . '' 
 tears shimmered briefly in her eyes before she turned quickly back to cassie . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 devon leaned forward , his back cracking as his muscles protested the movement . 
 folding his hands before him , he studied the small woman intently . 
 `` cassie 's parents were killed during the attack ? '' 
 she lifted a dainty strawberry blond eyebrow ; her eyes were sharp and fierce as she studied him . 
 `` is that what your kind calls it ? 
 the attack ? '' 
 devon nodded as he studied her . 
 she did not seem to hate him , but there was a hesitance about her that she had not displayed in his presence before . 
 she had been open and accepting of him when they had interacted before . 
 there was also fresh anger and hurt radiating from her . 
 `` what do you call it ? '' 
 `` the slaughter . '' 
 her voice was cold , distant , and hard . 
 pain blazed across her features , tightening the lines around her mouth . 
 `` we call it the slaughter . '' 
 devon nodded ; he could understand why they would call it that . 
 the hunter line , cassie 's family and lineage , had been murdered by a group of vampire 's . 
 before most of the elder 's went into hiding , they had decided to gather as many vampire 's as possible together , in order to destroy the hunter line and secure their safety . 
 fortunately for him , fate had seen fit to spare cassie 's life , and bring her into his . 
 `` i see , '' he said softly . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 he stared at her for a moment before rising swiftly and moving slowly over to the bed . 
 behind her closed lids , cassie 's eyes moved as unconsciousness held her deep within a dream realm . 
 delicate blue veins were clearly visible on her lids ; her skin was still unnaturally pale . 
 however , her heart beat with strong , reassuring thuds that he heard clearly , and kept finely attuned to . 
 she looked better than when they had first arrived , but it was still not enough . 
 he wanted her awake , he wanted her speaking , and he wanted to know that she did not hate him for what he was . 
 his hands clenched as terror tore through him . 
 he had dealt with , and overcome many things in his long , event filled life . 
 but he knew that he could not handle cassie 's hatred , or condemnation . 
 he needed her smile , her brightness . 
 now that he knew what it was like to have her light in his life , he could not bear to part with it . 
 he could not go back to that world of loneliness and self hatred . 
 he would not survive it again . 
 `` you also saved her life then , '' he said softly , his gaze darting back to her grandmother as he tried to distract himself from his despairing thoughts . 
 she studied him for a long moment , disbelief and curiosity flitting across her delicate features . 
 `` yes , i kept her safe , hidden , protected . 
 i kept her alive through the slaughter . '' 
 pain radiated from her bright eyes as she turned away from him , her hand tightening upon cassie 's . 
 `` thank you , '' devon said softly . 
 she blinked at him in surprise , and then a small smile curled the corner of her full mouth . 
 `` you really care about my granddaughter , do n't you ? '' 
 she sounded completely mystified ; it was hard for her to compute that he , a vampire , could care about anything . 
 let alone that he could care about a hunter , which was a realization that still mystified him . 
 how could he have not known what cassie was ? 
 what they all were ? 
 love was truly blind , or at least the people in it were , he realized . 
 the image of her standing at the side of that clearing , her eyes blazing with hurt and fury , her hand clenched tight around a stake was burned permanently into his mind . 
 she had not been shocked to see him there , not as he had been to see her standing there . 
 though she seemed to have figured out what he was , he had not been able to put all of the pieces of the puzzle about her together until that moment . 
 and the pieces of that puzzle were ones that he almost wished did not fit . 
 the woman that he loved , and cherished , was also his sworn enemy . 
 the woman that had brought him back to life had also been created specifically to end it . 
 he still could n't quite understand it , and the twisted irony of it was not lost upon him . 
 devon met her inquisitive gaze , confusion and hope radiated from her . 
 `` yes , '' he admitted honestly . 
 `` more than i ever thought possible . '' 
 her delicate forehead furrowed in confusion as she turned back to cassie . 
 `` i do n't understand any of this , '' she whispered . 
 `` we are not all monsters . '' 
 her gaze darted quickly back to his , her eyes widening slightly as she studied him carefully for a long moment . 
 `` no , i suppose not . 
 i 'm just going to have to figure out how to process that shocking bit of information . '' 
 he nodded , his hand briefly stroking over cassie 's arm , relishing in the feel of her satiny skin . 
 she had been out for far longer than he liked . 
 turning , he moved away from her , stalking toward the door . 
 pacing back and forth , he tried to lose some of the restless energy clinging to him , even though he had not slept . 
 he wanted her awake , and he needed to know what her reaction to him would be . 
 still acutely attuned to the beat of her heart , he felt when it picked up , when she stirred slightly . 
 he froze instantly , his mouth going dry as he waited for his fate to be handed to him . 
 she could not reject him , he would not survive that . 
 she had to forgive him . 
 her grandmother rose swiftly , leaning eagerly over her granddaughter . 
 `` cassie , cassie can you hear me ? '' 
 he could see her lids lift , but he was unable to see the bright color of her eyes . 
 `` grandma ? '' 
 the sound of her voice was the sweetest thing he had ever heard . 
 `` yes dear , i 'm here . 
 it 's ok ; you 're going to be just fine . '' 
 cassie 's hand grasped hold of her grandmother as the woman bent over to give her a surprisingly fierce hug before pulling slightly away . 
 `` devon ? 
 where 's devon ? '' 
 her grandmother glanced worriedly at him before taking a small step back . 
 `` here , i 'm right here . '' 
 he was surprised to find that he could barely get the words past the tight constriction in his chest and throat . 
 he moved swiftly toward her , eager to see her again , eager to feel her again . 
 eager to know how she felt about him now . 
 stopping at her side , his body froze as her brilliant eyes clashed with his . 
 the startling azure violet of them was bright and wounded , the pure amethyst flecks speckled throughout them shone in the harsh light of the room . 
 `` devon , '' she breathed , tears filling her eyes and spilling down her delicate cheeks . 
 `` shh , do n't cry love . '' 
 bending over her , he gently wiped the tears from her skin , relishing in the feel of her . 
 `` do n't cry . '' 
 `` i wanted to kill you , '' she whispered , a sob shaking her fragile body . 
 `` i thought that you were that ... that thing and i wanted to kill you . '' 
 this revelation did not surprise him . 
 he had suspected as much . 
 though he felt that he should be angered , or feel betrayed by it , he was not . 
 their kind knew nothing about the vampire 's that did not feed on humans ; they knew nothing about the ones that had shunned human blood . 
 all she had known was that a monster was hunting her community , killing people , and somehow she had managed to figure out what he was . 
 she had no way of knowing that he was n't a murderer anymore , though at one time he had been even worse than julian . 
 at one time her assumption about him would have been completely right . 
 more tears spilled free , coming so fast that he could no longer keep up with wiping them away . 
 worry for her health seized him as sobs shook her . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` i wanted to kill you , and you saved my life . '' 
 her face was filled with agony as she seized hold of his hand with surprising strength . 
 `` i should have known that you were n't a monster , i should have trusted you . 
 you would never do anything to hurt me . 
 please forgive me . '' 
 his body constricted with anguish . 
 he had been worried that she would not forgive him , and instead she was pleading for his forgiveness . 
 it was something that she would never have to do . 
 there was nothing she could do to turn him against her , nothing she could do to make him stop loving her . 
 gathering her in his arms , he cradled her gently , relishing in the feel of her once more . 
 `` there is nothing to forgive cassie . 
 i was worried that you would not forgive me . '' 
 her body trembled in his arms . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 she mumbled . 
 `` for what i am . '' 
 a shudder rocked through her as she buried her face in his neck , her tears wetting his skin and shirt . 
 `` you are a wonderful man devon . '' 
 his gut twisted as his grip on her tightened . 
 that was the worst part about all of this , he was not a man , and at one time he had been a brutal monster . 
 he did not know what he had done to deserve her , but he would spend the rest of his life doing everything he could to earn her unwavering love . 
 his hand wrapped into her hair , gently easing through the tangles that marred its golden beauty . 
 holding her tight , he closed his eyes as she buried herself against him . 
 never in his life had he felt anything as wonderful as she was , and he knew that nothing would ever compare to her . 
 he cradled her for a long time , rocking her as her sobs and tears slowly subsided . 
 she pulled slightly back from him , her eyes reddened from her tears but still breathtakingly beautiful . 
 he wiped the tears gently from her wet cheeks , hating the sight of them . 
 she deserved only happiness and light , not misery . 
 unfortunately , fate had cast them both into roles where darkness was their main reality . 
 she stared at him with wide , wonder filled eyes . 
 the tips of her long dark lashes were matted with tears ; the ends of them shimmered with water . 
 she searched his face , seeming to savor in every detail . 
 he was unable to resist the tempting lure of her as he bent down and pressed a light kiss to her rosebud mouth . 
 his skin heated , his body tightened as the feel of her burned into him . 
 hunger for her surged through him , but he kept it tightly under control , along with his fierce urge to deepen the kiss . 
 pulling reluctantly away , he stroked her face once more before turning to meet the newcomers in the room . 
 luther , chris , and melissa stood just inside the doorway . 
 chris 's mouth was slightly ajar , his sapphire eyes wide in shock . 
 luther 's face was an impassive mask while melissa 's cheeks had colored and she looked slightly uncomfortable . 
 rising slowly from the bed , he kept hold of cassie 's hand as he stood beside her . 
 he had nearly lost her , he was not about to let her go anytime soon . 
 cassie abashedly wiped the remaining tears from her face , smiling shyly at them . 
 `` hi guys . '' 
 melissa was the first to recover her usual aplomb . 
 `` it 's so good to see you awake ! '' 
 she moved swiftly forward , shooting devon a confused look as she moved to cassie 's grandmother 's side . 
 she bent to hug cassie quickly , careful of the wires and tubes that still ran from her . 
 `` it 's good to be awake . '' 
 chris eyed devon wearily , his eyes dark and brooding as he joined melissa . 
 stiffly he bent to hug cassie , his gaze never leaving devon 's . 
 devon bristled slightly when he touched cassie ; he hated the idea of another man touching her , even if it was chris . 
 his hand tightened around hers until chris released her and stepped back . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 chris asked his voice tight and confused . 
 cassie glanced briefly at devon . 
 slowly , her hand clenching upon his as she spoke , she retold the awful events of the night . 
 anger slowly built within devon , mounting to higher and higher levels as he sensed her rising distress . 
 though he had only tasted a few drops of her blood , they had been enough to forge a stronger connection between them . 
 he could sense her emotions more clearly , and though he could not read her thoughts , he could almost feel them pounding against the edges of his mind . 
 stroking her delicate skin , he tried to soothe the anguish building within her . 
 her voice cracked slightly , her anguish was evident as she finished her retelling . 
 they all turned toward him , their gazes fierce and inquisitive as they studied him intently . 
 `` i think we have a lot to discuss , '' luther finally broke the long silence . 
 devon nodded briskly . 
 he supposed they had a lot of questions , as did he . 
 `` after cassie is feeling well enough to go home , we can talk , '' he assured him . 
 `` i feel fine now , '' cassie interjected forcefully . 
 he scanned her beautiful face , noting the bright gleam in her inquisitive eyes . 
 she had only been awake for a little bit , but her color had already returned . 
 the severe blood loss had been traumatic , yet she appeared as if nothing had happened . 
 apparently hunters rebounded quickly when they were injured . 
 `` you need to rest , '' her grandmother said softly . 
 `` i 'm fine grandma , really . '' 
 she turned back to devon , smiling brightly . 
 `` i heal fast . '' 
 `` apparently , '' he said softly , his thumb briefly stroked over her skin as he studied her . 
 she looked as healthy as if nothing had happened to her . 
 her brief , intense sleep seemed to have completely repaired the injuries that she had sustained . 
 it was amazing . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` i 'm fine luther , really . 
 i feel much better ; i just want to get out of here now . 
 i do n't like hospitals . '' 
 `` you 've never been in one . '' 
 `` and now it 's time to go . '' 
 tossing aside her blankets , she swung out of the bed . 
 devon blinked in surprise , startled by the sudden , graceful movement and the speed in which she had done it . 
 she stood before him for a moment before her legs began to wobble . 
 he grabbed swiftly hold of her , swinging her easily up in his arms as if she weighed no more than a feather . 
 he was once again reminded of how fragile she was as she stared up at him with wide , surprised eyes . 
 the beast crawled through him , rippling just beneath the surface as the urge to make her immortal reared back to fierce life . 
 seeming to sense the tension and need within him , cassie reached out and lightly stroked his cheek , soothing the monster within him once more . 
 he cradled her closer , refusing to let go of her . 
 `` i want to go home , '' she said softly . 
 in that moment he realized that whatever she wanted , no matter how absurd or difficult , he would give it to her . 
 even if it went against his better judgment . 
 `` i 'll get the doctor . '' 
 devon reluctantly placed her back on the bed ; loathe to part with her at all . 
 `` devon ... '' luther 's voice broke off at the warning look that devon shot him . 
 cassie was his now , and whatever she wanted , she would have . 
 they just needed to realize that . 
 taking a small step to the side , luther remained silent as devon left the room in search of the doctor . 
 there were still many things to learn , many obstacles to get through , but for now he was content to do whatever she wanted . 
 the questions could be answered later , the obstacles handled with time . 
 nothing but cassie 's health and happiness mattered now . 
 nothing mattered but the fact that she still cared for him , even though she knew that he was a monster . 
 nothing mattered except for the fact that he knew he would belong to her forever , and one day she would belong to him . 
 for that was one thing he did know for certain , one day he would possess her completely . 
 one day she would belong to him , for eternity . 
 chapter 3 cassie clung tightly to devon 's hand , not wanting to release him , unable to part with him for even a moment . 
 his hand was strong and calloused , slightly cool and secure around hers . 
 she could n't stop herself from staring at him , reveling in the splendor of his hard , magnificent face . 
 his strong jaw was clenched tight , the nostrils of his sculpted nose flared slightly as he faced the people surrounding him . 
 sensing her attention , he turned slowly toward her , his vivid emerald eyes warming as they met her fascinated gaze . 
 his full lips twitched , the corners of them lifting slightly in a small smile . 
 his black hair hung around the edges of his chiseled face , curling boyishly at the corner of his right eye . 
 he was anything but boyish though with his hard , lean , svelte body , and immortal status . 
 no , devon was most certainly not a boy ; he was not even a man . 
 he was , in fact , her worst enemy . 
 he was the one thing that she had hated for the past four years of her life . 
 the one thing she had despised since she had discovered what she truly was . 
 she had hated vampires ever since she 'd learned that her parents , and chris 's father , had not been killed in a car accident together . 
 in fact , they had been murdered by a group of elder vampires that had banded together with the sole purpose of destroying the hunter line . 
 a line that she , and everyone she cared about , was a member of . 
 if it was n't for chris 's mother mary getting cassie and chris to safety , they also would have been slaughtered in the strike . 
 as it was , mary had barely escaped with them . 
 devon seemed to sense the dark turn that her thoughts had taken . 
 his small smile faded as his hand tightened around hers . 
 he took a step closer , the strength of his body burned against her , heating her suddenly chilled skin . 
 her heart thudded harder at the proximity of his body , her toes curled as she fought the desperate urge to pull him into her embrace . 
 she held tight to him in the hopes of reburying the past , and blocking out the awful events of the night . 
 unfortunately there was still too much to deal with before she could allow herself to be lost in the warm comfort of him . 
 though she had already told them about the other vampire that had attacked her tonight , there was still much more to know . 
 especially from devon . 
 luther shifted his stance , drawing cassie 's attention back to the thin man . 
 his eyebrows were raised slightly as his grey eyes studied devon intently over the top of his john lennon style glasses . 
 his graying brown hair was uncharacteristically disheveled as he continued to run his fingers anxiously through it . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 cassie felt the loss of devon 's gaze as he swung his attention back to luther . 
 cassie stiffened slightly , not sure she wanted to know the answer to that question . 
 she had dated an older boy once , for about a week , and he had only been a year and a half older than her . 
 being the girl with the boyfriend who could possibly be a couple hundred years older was something entirely different , and more than a little frightening . 
 devon let out a small sigh , his fingers entwined with hers . 
 `` i have been a vampire for seven hundred and fifty-two years . 
 in total , i 'm seven hundred and seventy-one . '' 
 cassie 's breath exploded from her . 
 her eyes spun wildly to him as her hand clenched tightly upon his . 
 `` crap , '' chris breathed . 
 cassie felt that was the understatement of the year . 
 he was nearly a millennium older than her ! 
 seven hundred and fifty four years to be exact ! 
 no wonder he seemed so much older than all of the students around him , even if he had been alive he would have been out of high school by now . 
 it was far more of an age difference than she ever could have imagined , ever would have wanted to imagine ! 
 nearly eight hundred years was a long time to have been alive . 
 it was a very long time to have wandered the earth , living amongst humans and monsters . 
 she did n't even want to think about the number of women he had known over the years . 
 she knew how the girls at school flocked to him , wanted him , and threw themselves at him . 
 all women did . 
 over seven hundred years of women falling all over him was more than she could bear to consider at the moment . 
 she found herself barely able to breathe through the tight knot of jealousy and disbelief that stuck in her throat . 
 his gaze swung back to her , his emerald eyes piercing . 
 they swirled with worry and a desperate need for her to understand , for her not to turn against him . 
 it was that fervent need that finally allowed the air to filter back into her brutalized lungs . 
 jealousy had no place here . 
 nor did confusion and hurt . 
 he needed her now , and no matter how frightened , lost , and envious she was , she could not turn against him . 
 she had to live in the present ; she had to stay grounded here . 
 she would go crazy if she did n't . 
 his past was his past , and no matter how scared she was of it , she could not let it destroy their present . 
 for no matter how many women he had known in his past , she knew she was his everything now . 
 biting nervously on her bottom lip , cassie managed a small nod . 
 his shoulders relaxed visibly , his eyes sparkled with love . 
 even though he had never told her that he loved her , she knew that he did . 
 she knew it with absolute certainty . 
 he would die for her ; she felt that with every fiber of her being , with every cell that fired within her . 
 they had been empty and incomplete without each other , but somehow destiny had brought them together . 
 and they fit seamlessly with each other . 
 `` you must be very powerful , '' melissa said softly . 
 devon nodded , his eyes tenderly scanning cassie once more . 
 `` yes , '' he said simply , flatly . 
 `` what can you do ? '' 
 melissa prodded when devon did n't say anymore . 
 with a small sigh he focused on the other four people in the room . 
 melissa 's exotically slanted onyx eyes were intent upon devon , narrowed with curiosity . 
 her hair , free from its customary french braid , fell around her shoulders in thick black waves that ended just beneath her shoulder blades . 
 her slender , graceful body was seemingly at ease as she leaned against the fireplace , but tension hummed just beneath her outwardly calm surface . 
 devon shrugged absently . 
 `` i am stronger and faster than a human . '' 
 `` so are n't all vampires . 
 so are n't we , '' chris retorted . 
 devon lifted an eyebrow at chris , amusement crossed his magnificent face . 
 `` but i 'm even stronger than most , far more in fact . 
 my senses are keener than theirs . 
 my hearing is better , my eyesight better . 
 most would not survive a fight with me . '' 
 chris 's sapphire eyes narrowed doubtfully as he gazed fiercely at devon . 
 hostility hummed through his large , football players build . 
 despite his size , chris moved with a grace and agility that were surprising and impressive . 
 that was one of the reasons he was the star on the football team . 
 his sandy blond hair was a mess from tugging on it as he paced restlessly back and forth , only pausing once in awhile to pierce devon with a fierce , accusatory glare . 
 chris was angry ; it would not take much for him to attack devon . 
 that was something that cassie could not let happen , for although she did n't think devon would hurt chris , she knew that chris would not take losing the fight well . 
 nor did she want to see a fight between two of the people she loved most in the world . 
 `` except for the one you ran into last night , '' chris grumbled . 
 devon bristled , his shoulders stiffened angrily . 
 `` i can defeat julian , '' he growled . 
 chris took an angry step forward . 
 `` then why did n't you ? '' 
 devon glanced down at her , his emerald eyes darkening to a deep shade of jade . 
 it was because of her that devon had abandoned the fight . 
 because of her that he had not hunted julian down and destroyed the monster that plagued their area , murdering innocents , and destroying lives . 
 if she had n't been so distracted , and horrified to realize that her suspicions about devon being a vampire were true , julian never would have gotten hold of her . 
 julian never would have had the opportunity to nearly kill her . 
 cassie shuddered at the reminder of her near death experience . 
 she had come close to losing her life tonight , had come close to losing everything , and everyone , that she loved . 
 closing her eyes , she tried to suppress the disgust and fear that the memory aroused . 
 luther was constantly lecturing her to pay attention at all times ; she never listened to him . 
 because of that , it had almost ended her life far earlier than she would have liked . 
 sensing her distress , devon lightly stroked his fingers over her cheek , easing the lingering torment in her . 
 she opened her eyes , comforted by his reassuring presence and touch . 
 `` what else are you capable of ? '' 
 chris asked softly , apparently deciding to let the fight go . 
 devon sighed impatiently as he was once again pulled away from her . 
 `` i have the ability for mind control , and ... '' `` excuse me , '' cassie interrupted sharply , startled by his revelation . 
 `` mind control ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i am able to sort through people 's minds , i can not read them , but i can pick out a certain mind amongst the crowd . 
 or i can pick out a few minds , even a crowd 's mind , if i need to . 
 when i latch onto a mind , i can bend it to my will , inserting memories or altering time . '' 
 cassie gaped at him , horror curdled through her belly . 
 he could control her mind ? 
 `` i have never done it to you , any of you , '' he continued , seeming to sense her train of thought . 
 `` i would never do that to you cassie , do n't fear that i would . '' 
 `` that 's how you were able to get into the school , '' luther guessed , his eyes widening in surprise as realization dawned on him . 
 `` i 'm assuming that you do n't have transcripts . '' 
 devon grinned , his eyes twinkling with amusement . 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 cassie could n't help but chuckle softly as she shook her head in disbelief . 
 this was her life , as strange and odd and fantastic as it was . 
 it was far more overwhelming than she had thought it would be at thirteen , but it was hers , and she still had it , and she would n't trade it for anything . 
 just a few weeks ago there had been many things that she would have changed , but then devon had walked into her world and completely turned it upside down . 
 she would n't even change the hunter heritage that she had resented for the past four years . 
 for to alter one thing might mean that she may never have met devon , and that was a chance she was not willing to take . 
 `` i think they would be a little expired anyway , '' melissa said softly , her dark eyes twinkling with amusement . 
 `` no wonder you 're always so bored , '' cassie murmured . 
 devon flashed a beautiful , heart stopping grin that melted the last of her worry over his startling ability to control people 's minds . 
 `` what were you saying before i interrupted you ? 
 what else can you do ? '' 
 his grin faded , his eyes became distant and hard once more . 
 `` i draw people to me , luring them with an inherent ability to attract them . 
 it is especially strong with women . '' 
 cassie 's eyebrows drew sharply together . 
 the more he spoke of his abilities , the less she liked them . 
 his looks were more than enough to draw any woman , and she was sure some men to him , never mind adding this to it . 
 `` like a venus flytrap , '' luther said softly . 
 `` yes , very much so . '' 
 `` does anyone escape ? '' 
 chris asked sharply . 
 devon stiffened , anger radiated from him . 
 `` i have n't tasted human blood in a hundred and thirty seven years , '' he retorted fiercely . 
 then his eyes darted to her , lingering on the scratches that still marred her neck . 
 scratches that had been far deeper , and far more life threatening , earlier in the evening . 
 cassie felt her face redden as horror curdled through her . 
 he had gone so long without tasting blood , until her foolishness had nearly gotten her killed . 
 and if it had n't been for the healing agent in his saliva that closed her wounds , she would have bled to death . 
 `` until tonight , '' he mumbled softly . 
 hunger flared briefly through his eyes , heating them and turning them dark as he met her startled gaze . 
 need poured from him in waves that left her breathless and frozen . 
 she could feel the fierce battle he waged with himself as he struggled to control his desire for blood . 
 her blood . 
 though she should be petrified by his obvious longing to drain her , she was amazed to discover that she was also oddly tantalized and fascinated by it . 
 she was terrified and excited to realize that she wanted him to taste her , that she wanted to know what it would feel like to have him do so . 
 she wanted to be the one to ease his hunger , and his desire . 
 excitement tore through her at the thought , her toes curled as yearning flared hotly through her body . 
 he was the only thing she saw ; he became the only thing in the room as every cell in her being focused upon him . 
 eyes widening slightly , they darkened even more as he picked up on the longing tearing through her . 
 his hand tightened around hers , his body went taut as he pinned her with his intense , loving gaze . 
 luther cleared his throat loudly , coughing forcefully . 
 heat flared through cassie 's face as she was torn away from devon , and back to the room , and reality . 
 chris and melissa were studying the far wall , obviously trying to ignore the scene before them . 
 luther had pulled his glasses off , and was cleaning them gently with his shirt . 
 face burning , cassie could not bring herself to look at her grandmother , she was sure she would burst into flames if she did . 
 `` what made you stop drinking human blood ? '' 
 luther inquired after a few more awkward seconds . 
 he blinked at devon as he slipped his glasses on , apparently happy to see that devon was no longer looking at her . 
 devon shrugged , shifting slightly . 
 `` things change . '' 
 cassie frowned her eyes darting hesitantly back to him . 
 she was also relieved , and slightly disappointed , to find his attention focused on luther . 
 eyebrows drawing questioningly together , cassie could n't help but wonder what had caused this change , and why devon did not seem to want to elaborate upon it . 
 `` and before this change , were you a killer ? '' 
 chris demanded , his hands fisting at his sides . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the simple word , and the cold tone of it , hung heavily in the air . 
 cassie 's heart thumped loudly as she bit on her bottom lip , trying hard not to judge him harshly . 
 `` i can not change the past though ; there is nothing that i can do about it . 
 i have spent over a hundred years trying to atone for my sins . '' 
 `` and have you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 cassie studied devon 's hard profile . 
 his jaw was clenched tight , a muscle jumped in his cheek as he stared hard at chris . 
 though his tone was flat , his hand had tightened around hers as he sought comfort and forgiveness from her . 
 cassie stroked her thumb gently over his cool skin , trying hard to assure him of her unwavering love . 
 `` the sun , '' melissa said , obviously looking to change the tense subject . 
 `` how are you able to go out in the sun ? '' 
 a small smile curved devon 's lips , his eyes warmed with amusement . 
 `` well , that took awhile . 
 as my powers grew , i began to gradually expose myself to the suns deadly rays . 
 slowly , i was able to expose myself to more and more of it , building up a sort of immunity to it . '' 
 `` how long did that take ? '' 
 devon shrugged , his tight grip on cassie eased slightly . 
 `` i 've been working on it for about three hundred years now . 
 i still burn easily if i am exposed for too long , and it depletes my powers a little faster than i would like , but at least i 'm able to be in it for periods of time without bursting into flames . '' 
 `` why would you take such a risk in the first place ? '' 
 cassie asked softly , horror filling her at the realization that he could have been killed . 
 he glanced down at her , his smile slipping slightly . 
 `` in the beginning , simply to see if i could . 
 i knew of one other vampire that had succeeded in being able to walk about in daylight , and i was n't about to be second best to anyone . 
 but then i began to remember what it felt like to be in the sun , to feel the heat of it . '' 
 he shrugged again , his gaze darting to the far wall . 
 `` i missed it . 
 i wanted it back . '' 
 `` and it allowed for more hunting time , '' chris guessed . 
 devon 's face was impassive as he turned toward him , but tension hummed through his body once more . 
 cassie hated the conflict between them , but there was nothing that she could do about it right now . 
 chris would either come to accept devon , or he would n't . 
 but eventually he would have to realize that they must get along , because cassie was n't going to part with either one of them . 
 she only hoped that it did n't get to the point where they could n't be near each other . 
 chris was her rock , her best friend , without him she would have been lost long ago . 
 but devon was her heart , her soul . 
 she would be nothing without him . 
 swallowing heavily , she shoved away her fear and worry . 
 it had only been a few hours , she was sure that with more time chris would come to see that devon was not a monster . 
 chris would come to see that devon was good , and that he would do anything to keep her safe , and protected . 
 `` yes , '' devon answered . 
 cassie fought a shudder as she tried to block out the awful image of devon killing innocent , unsuspecting people . 
 she tried desperately to block out the murder and terror that he must have reigned down upon those innocents . 
 that was not the devon standing next to her now , she had to remember that . 
 she did not know what had made him change , what had made him stop killing , but she did know that the man beside her now was kind , compassionate , and loving . 
 he was not a killer anymore . 
 still , she could not shake the uneasiness that clung to her . 
 `` can julian go out in the sun ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` i do n't know , but i doubt it , '' he answered slowly . 
 `` julian has always relished in the darkness , and in the misery and pain of our existence . 
 he would not relish the warmth of the sun 's rays . '' 
 `` but it would expand his hunting time , '' chris said flatly . 
 devon simply nodded . 
 cassie shifted slightly , pulling the blanket off her lap . 
 devon glanced sharply down at her , taking a step forward in an attempt to stop her if she tried to rise . 
 cassie frowned fiercely at him as she shook her head . 
 she had no intention of going anywhere , not yet anyway , the blanket was just hot and confining now . 
 besides , she was perfectly fine and she did n't need him hovering over her like a mother hen . 
 cassie waved him off as she swung her legs to the floor , feeling better without the cloying blanket on her . 
 she knew it was not the weight of the blanket that truly bothered her , but all the awful events and truths that had come out . 
 unfortunately , there was no easy way to throw them off . 
 `` does julian have the same powers as you ? '' 
 cassie inquired , fearful of the ability for mind control in julian 's hands . 
 devon shook his head , his eyes troubled and dark . 
 `` he does not have mind control , but he does have psychometry . '' 
 `` psycho what ? '' 
 cassie asked , not at all liking the sound of it . 
 devon stared silently down at her , displeasure radiating from him . 
 `` psychometry , it 's the ability to learn about a person by touching them , or by touching an object that they have touched . 
 he gets impressions from these things , he can tell what has happened in the past , and he can learn about you . '' 
 `` well that 's not so bad , at least it 's not mind control , '' chris said with a pointed look at devon . 
 devon shook his head , ignoring chris 's baiting . 
 `` no it 's not mind control , but julian uses it to get inside a person 's head , to torture them , to taunt them . 
 he can learn about you , your abilities , your families , whatever he wants to know about you . 
 it 's fun for him to drive a person crazy with his knowledge of them , before killing them . 
 he likes to see them break mentally first . 
 it 's not mind control , but with the way that julian uses it , it 's even worse . '' 
 cassie 's mouth dropped , chris inhaled sharply , and luther cleaned his glasses off again . 
 melissa leaned heavily against the fireplace mantle , but her grandmother remained unmoving . 
 `` wonderful , '' melissa moaned , rubbing the bridge of her nose . 
 `` psycho , just psycho , that 's all i need to know about that ability , '' chris mumbled . 
 the heartbeat in cassie 's chest began to increase ; the palms of her hands became sweaty . 
 cold terror crept through her . 
 `` he touched me , '' she managed to croak out . 
 devon 's eyes were fierce , his hand hard on hers . 
 `` he wo n't ever touch you again , '' he vowed . 
 `` and he will never get close enough to use his knowledge against you . '' 
 `` but he does have knowledge of me ? '' 
 though she could tell that he wanted to sugarcoat it , that he did not want to be brutally honest with her , in the end , he was . 
 `` yes , but he did n't touch you for long so he probably only had a brief glimpse into you . '' 
 cassie blinked ; it was the only reaction she could make . 
 he knew about her . 
 that monster knew about her ! 
 what did he know ? 
 what had he seen ? 
 cassie 's fingers curled into the blanket , she was suddenly ice cold , but she knew the blanket would do little to warm her . 
 devon knelt beside her , gently nudging her chin up . 
 `` he wo n't get near you again , '' he promised softly . 
 though she managed a nod , she did not feel relieved . 
 she had seen that thing , she had felt it 's evil . 
 there was no stopping it , not until it was dead . 
 and it was still very much alive . 
 inside she was as cold as a freezer . 
 sighing softly , devon stroked her face gently before turning back to the others . 
 `` and what powers do you possess ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 chris and melissa exchanged a panicked look , apparently uncertain how much they wanted to reveal about themselves . 
 `` i speak to the dead . '' 
 it was the first time her grandmother had spoken since cassie had been released from the hospital . 
 apparently where chris and melissa were still hesitant , she had decided to give her trust wholeheartedly . 
 cassie 's heart warmed , she knew how hard it was for her grandmother . 
 she had lost so much to vampires over the past twenty years , and yet she was willing to trust devon with one of her most intimate secrets . 
 her grandma 's sky blue eyes were clear and warm as they briefly met cassie 's gaze . 
 she sat casually in the recliner in the corner of the room , her small legs drawn up beneath her . 
 her strawberry hair had been pulled into a loose ponytail that fell to her shoulders in gentle waves . 
 though she was in her late fifties , she still looked as if she were in her thirties . 
 cassie hoped she looked that good at her grandmother 's age . 
 hell , she hoped she even made it to thirty , never mind her fifties . 
 `` a whisperer , '' devon said softly . 
 her grandmother 's mouth quirked in a small smile as she nodded . 
 `` apparently you know a lot about our kind . '' 
 `` seven hundred years is a long time to learn things . '' 
 her grandmother chuckled softly ; her eyes twinkled as she nodded . 
 `` i suppose so . 
 it puts us at a disadvantage though . '' 
 devon was silent for a moment , pondering her words . 
 `` but you must know that the hunter line and vampires share the same abilities . 
 that is why i know a lot about them . 
 why many vampires know a lot about your abilities , and why you know a lot about our abilities . '' 
 `` some of us do , '' luther muttered , shooting a pointed look at chris and cassie , who looked quickly away . 
 cassie was not in the mood for another one of his lectures about their lack of knowledge , and unwillingness to learn more , about their ancestry and heritage . 
 devon looked questioningly at her . 
 she defiantly met his gaze , her jaw clenching tightly . 
 she did not want to discuss it right now . 
 `` the slaughter , '' cassie said softly , her thoughts turning to the murderous rampage that had stolen her and melissa 's parents , and chris 's father from them . 
 the vampire 's may not have known which hunter 's possessed which abilities , but they had known the kinds of abilities that they would come up against . 
 and they had been prepared for them , where as the hunter 's had not been prepared for the sudden , violent onslaught . 
 `` i had no part in that , i swear . 
 i was far removed from any of the inner circles , far out of the loop when that occurred . 
 i would n't have taken part even if i had known . '' 
 cassie wanted to believe him . 
 she found she did believe him . 
 it was a strange realization considering everything that had transpired in the past twenty four hours , but though he had never told her what he really was - she 'd never told him either - he 'd never done anything to hurt her . 
 he 'd had many chances to kill her , to use her , to drain her , and he had never once taken that opportunity . 
 `` they will keep coming for you , '' devon continued . 
 `` not only do they want the hunter line extinguished , but also because your blood is very strong , very powerful . 
 there is no greater rush than a hunter 's blood . 
 there is nothing more empowering and the effect of it lasts for years . 
 it can be irresistible . '' 
 cassie stared wide eyed at him , her hand slowly fluttered up to her neck . 
 he had resisted it . 
 he had tasted her blood and he had turned away from it . 
 was there something wrong with it ? 
 cassie 's brow furrowed as the disturbing thought occurred to her . 
 she had no special `` gifts '' like her family , chris , and melissa . 
 did that somehow make her blood less appealing ? 
 she did n't know why that thought bothered her so much , she should be happy that she was not a magnet for vampires . 
 but for some unfathomable reason , she was not happy . 
 she was ashamed to admit that for once , she wanted to be special too . 
 she had been denied `` gifts '' ; she did not want to be denied this too . 
 no matter how unreasonable her thoughts were , she could not shake them . 
 `` well who brought mr. good news to the party ? '' 
 chris muttered , folding his arms over his chest as he scowled at the floor . 
 devon glanced back down at her , his forehead furrowed in worry , his eyes dark and stormy . 
 cassie frowned up at him , confused by his turbulent expression . 
 `` this is good ; we have an insider 's view . 
 he can help us , '' luther said softly . 
 a muscle twitched in devon 's jaw , hardness settled over his features . 
 his fingers tightened briefly around hers . 
 `` yes , but i think that the best thing for all of you is to leave ... '' `` no ! '' 
 cassie cut in sharply . 
 devon continued speaking as if she had never said a word . 
 `` i can defeat julian , but he 's brutal , and merciless . 
 he 'll keep on coming , and i can not be everywhere at once . 
 if you leave , then i will protect the town , i will keep everyone safe ... '' `` i 'm not leaving you here ! '' 
 `` and i will meet up with you when i am done here . '' 
 cassie opened her mouth to protest again , and then snapped it shut as she glared fiercely up at him . 
 luther and her grandmother were staring eagerly , practically salivating over his suggestion . 
 it had been a fight to get the two of them to agree to let cassie , chris , and melissa stay in town in the first place . 
 now devon had given them the excuse they needed to rip the three of them out of there as quickly as they could . 
 `` we are not leaving , '' cassie grated through clenched teeth . 
 `` cassie , you must listen to reason . 
 devon can protect this town better then the three of you , and we must keep you alive . '' 
 she turned her fierce glare on luther , not wanting to hear anymore . 
 `` we are here to protect people ... '' `` which devon can do . '' 
 cassie launched angrily to her feet , the throw pillow that had been sitting in her lap fell loosely to the floor . 
 devon lurched toward her , for the first time not moving as effortlessly as a panther as she caught him off guard . 
 she shook off his hand on her elbow , glaring fiercely at him as he reached for her again . 
 `` i 'm fine ! '' 
 she snapped before spinning on luther . 
 `` what good is being a hunter if we have to run all the time ? '' 
 luther glanced briefly at devon , his grey eyes weary as they met cassie 's once more . 
 `` not all of the time cassie , only when it 's prudent . '' 
 `` prudent ? '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` is that what all of our ancestors did , turn tail and run whenever things got hard ? '' 
 `` well no , of course not . 
 but there are n't enough hunter 's left that we can risk your lives . 
 we must keep you safe , the line must continue on . '' 
 `` wait , wait , wait ! '' 
 melissa threw up her hand , taking an angry step forward as her onyx eyes blazed with fury . 
 `` so what you 're saying is that we must be kept alive in order to continue the line ? 
 it has nothing to do with us ? 
 we 're just needed for breeding !? 
 what freaking century is this !? '' 
 luther colored slightly , his glasses slid down his nose as he shook his head fiercely . 
 `` no , of course not ! 
 but you must understand how important it is that the line continues . 
 how important it is that you are kept alive to kill other vampires . 
 for there are others , it 's not just julian . 
 and although you can not kill them all , you can get a lot . 
 there are few left that are as powerful as devon and julian . '' 
 he glanced at devon who nodded sharply in agreement . 
 devon 's gaze was still weary and disgruntled as he watched cassie intently . 
 she shot him a dark look , aggravated that he had given luther and her grandmother the leverage they needed to remove the three of them from town . 
 `` and what if you ca n't stop him ? '' 
 devon quirked an eyebrow ; a flicker of amusement crossed his amazing features . 
 `` i can . '' 
 she did n't appreciate his cocky , arrogant demeanor . 
 a fact she let him know with a fierce look that caused his amusement to fade . 
 `` how do you know that for sure ? '' 
 devon 's eyes wandered over the room , doubt flickered across his features . 
 he turned back to her , a steely resolve settling over his features . 
 `` i made julian what he is , i can defeat him . '' 
 the silence that followed his confession was profound . 
 a pin dropping would have resounded through the room . 
 cassie was the first to recover . 
 `` what do you mean made julian what he is ? '' 
 she asked sharply . 
 his eyes were hard , distant as he swung toward her . 
 he had already shut himself off in preparation for her turning against him . 
 `` julian and i were once good friends , i helped to mold him into the vampire he is . 
 he is nearly six hundred years old , we spent almost three hundred of those years traveling the world together , wreaking havoc wherever we went . 
 i am the one that taught him the joy of the hunt , the torture , the mental anguish . '' 
 he paused for a moment , a muscle twitched in his cheek . 
 `` the pleasure that could be found in drawing out the kill . '' 
 cassie 's legs went to rubber ; she sat limply on the couch . 
 it had been too long of a night . 
 clasping her hands before her , she bent her head , uncertain how to deal with the turbulent emotions tumbling through her . 
 what kind of a monster had devon been ? 
 what had he done to people ? 
 she shuddered , trying hard not to fall apart as her hands tightened . 
 `` i see , '' luther , the first to recover after the shocking revelation , whispered the words . 
 cassie lifted her head slowly , trying hard to breathe through the constriction clenching at her chest . 
 `` why ? '' 
 cassie mumbled . 
 his eyes were rock hard as he met her gaze . 
 `` because i could . 
 what i am now is not what i was then . 
 i can not take it back . 
 i can not change my past , no matter how much i may want to . '' 
 she stared at him for a moment longer , her mind tripping over his words as she tried hard to assimilate everything he was telling her . 
 there were many things that he could not change , she was beginning to realize . 
 so many things . 
 cassie took a deep breath , trying hard to keep control of her wildly swinging emotions . 
 `` alright , fine , you were once great friends : you think you can defeat him ... '' `` i know i can . '' 
 chris shot devon an angry look , aggravated at being cut off . 
 `` but we are still not leaving . '' 
 `` chris ... '' `` no luther , we made the decision to stay , and we are sticking by it . 
 devon himself said that he could not be everywhere at once . 
 he will need our help . 
 if even one person dies because we left , then we would be responsible for that death . 
 that is something that i can not live with , and i 'm sure that cassie and melissa ca n't either . 
 and i sure as hell hope that you ca n't . '' 
 luther gaped at him for a moment , his eyes wide behind his glasses . 
 `` no , of course not ! '' 
 he declared angrily . 
 `` i do n't want you here . '' 
 devon 's hands fisted as he stared hard at cassie . 
 `` he 'll come for you the most . '' 
 her eyebrows shot up , her mouth parted in surprise as confusion and fear surged up . 
 `` why ? '' 
 sighing wearily , he ran a hand through his already disheveled black hair . 
 `` he 's smelled your blood ; he 's already been denied what he wanted , when he wanted it . 
 plus , he knows that you are mine . 
 he 'll want to destroy that . '' 
 though she thought she should be offended by the `` you are mine statement '' , she was oddly thrilled by it . 
 if any other boy had ever said that to her , she would have laughed in their face and walked away . 
 but with devon , she was his , completely , utterly , and for as long as she could have him . 
 and as much as she was his , she hoped that he knew that he was also hers . 
 their bond could not be severed ; it ran deeper than the mariana trench . 
 she had never thought that something like this could exist . 
 but it did , and it was permanent , right , and so very true and real . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she felt like a parrot , but it seemed to be the only word she could get out . 
 `` because julian wants to destroy anything good and right in the world , he hates it all . 
 and he hates the fact that i have turned against my nature . 
 he wants me to be the way that i once was . '' 
 cassie shuddered . 
 `` like him ? '' 
 melissa asked quietly . 
 devon hesitated briefly . 
 `` worse , '' he said flatly . 
 a thick silence descended upon the room . 
 though the answer was blunt , cassie sensed the regret , sorrow , and pain behind the word . 
 `` why did you change ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` that 's a long story . '' 
 cassie was n't so sure if it was a long story , or if he simply did n't want to talk about it . 
 either way , she was n't going to push him . 
 she already had enough information to digest without having more heaped onto her . 
 `` well that 's all fine and good , but we 're not leaving , '' cassie said firmly . 
 devon 's eyes were hard and fierce , anger flashed through them as he turned toward her , a muscle twitched in his jaw . 
 `` you wo n't change my mind , or theirs , so do n't argue with us . '' 
 the muscle twitched even more , she could hear his teeth grinding . 
 `` we can not change what we are , or what has been , '' she could n't help but add , her eyes narrowing pointedly as she reiterated his words . 
 she had to accept him for what he was , and he had to do the same with her . 
 `` you just have to accept it , as we have . '' 
 muscle twitching violently , he turned slowly away from her . 
 his shoulders were set stiffly , his hands fisted at his sides so tightly that his knuckles had turned white . 
 she had aggravated him immensely , she knew that , but she felt no remorse for it . 
 they would not run from this , or any other problems that arose . 
 they had to stay ; it was their duty , hell it was in their blood . 
 it was who they were , who they were born to be . 
 luther shook his head , resting his arm on the mantle as he pulled his glasses off , cleaning them once more . 
 it was his habit to clean them whenever he was irritated , or needed time to think . 
 it was probably a little of both at the moment . 
 `` tell him what the two of you can do . '' 
 luther stared at chris and melissa as he slid his glasses back on . 
 they exchanged weary glances once more , still hesitant to reveal their secrets . 
 chapter 4 `` if the three of you insist upon staying then devon will need to know of your abilities in order to utilize them in the best ways possible . '' 
 luther 's voice was tinged with aggravation as he stared hard at them . 
 devon knew very well the annoyance the man was feeling . 
 it was taking every ounce of self-control he had not to grab hold of cassie and forcefully remove her from this house , and this town . 
 if it were n't for the fact that she would hate him , and possibly never forgive him for it , he would . 
 his hands clenched tighter at the thought of anything bad happening to her . 
 when he saw julian again , he was going to rip him limb from limb for what he had done to her earlier . 
 he glanced down at her , fighting his baser , more animalistic urges . 
 not only was he battling with himself not to remove her from this town , but he was also fighting the fierce urge to taste her once more , possess her . 
 her blood had been the sweetest nectar he had ever experienced . 
 he had never even dreamed of anything tasting so delicious or possessing so much power . 
 the memory of it was enticing , luring , and delectable . 
 it was everything that the beautiful woman sitting stiffly beside him was . 
 at the moment he did n't know if he wanted to force her to leave , or taste her more . 
 no , he did not simply want to taste her he wanted to change her , possess her . 
 he wanted to make her immortal , he wanted to keep her safe , keep her with him , and alive , for eternity . 
 as a hunter she was far too vulnerable to the dangers and hurts of the world . 
 she was far too susceptible to death . 
 a shudder ran up his spine , his eyes closed briefly as a surge of bloodlust rippled through him . 
 being around her was a constant battle with his darker , more twisted side . 
 but it also brought out the best of him , drawing him into a light he had never expected to find , completing him in a way that he had never thought possible . 
 her love and unwavering faith in him , even after the events of the night , were far more than he deserved from his life , and something that he had never expected to find . 
 now that he had her though , he was not letting her go . 
 when it came down to it , he would do anything to keep her with him , and safe . 
 even if it meant that he had to drag her from this town and risk earning her wrath . 
 eventually his feelings would cause problems between them . 
 somewhere along the way their relationship would come to a dangerous head , and he would have to make a decision she may end up hating him for . 
 but now was not that time , and he was not willing to dwell on such unpleasantness . 
 now was a time for strategizing , and learning as much as he could about the people around him . 
 if they had abilities that would aid him in his hunt for julian , then he would use them in every way he could . 
 he would do whatever it took to keep her safe . 
 melissa licked her lips nervously , chris still looked doubtful . 
 `` i have premonitions , '' melissa said softly . 
 `` some are inconsequential , foolish , and vague . 
 others , well , others are awful , detailed , and almost consuming . 
 they do n't always come true though , like tonight . '' 
 her glance slid pointedly to cassie , her onyx eyes were hurt and wounded . 
 though he had exceptional sight , even he could barely tell the difference between the black of melissa 's pupil and the near black of her iris . 
 the effect was startling , especially against her smooth olive complexion and raven hair . 
 `` devon 's intervention tonight stopped my premonition from coming true , but i did n't see him in it . 
 i only saw cassie , wounded , bleeding , dead . '' 
 cassie gasped loudly , the color drained from her face , as her astonishing violet blue eyes widened in surprise . 
 the light of the room flickered off of the bright violet flecks in her questioning , fearful eyes . 
 `` you saw my death ? '' 
 she choked out . 
 devon stiffened , anger and fear coiling through him . 
 melissa nodded slowly , her gaze darting to the wall behind cassie . 
 `` yes , it was awful . 
 awful . '' 
 melissa shuddered as she wrapped her slender arms around herself ; she took a deep breath to steady herself . 
 chris draped an arm around melissa 's shoulders , pulling her gently against his side . 
 `` i never want to see anything like that again , but unfortunately , i do n't have a choice . '' 
 `` i have no control over my premonitions , when they come , or what they are . '' 
 though horror still filled her gaze , there was a steel rod of strength running through her . 
 `` i had a premonition a couple years ago of your arrival devon . 
 i knew that you would come for cassie , and that you would change things . 
 make her whole again , so to speak . '' 
 cassie 's face flooded with color as she turned away from the eyes that swung toward her . 
 `` i 've seen nothing else of you though . 
 i had no idea what you were , or when you would come , i did n't even know what you would look like , but i have been waiting . '' 
 melissa sighed , her dark head bowed slightly . 
 `` somehow , maybe because of what you are , you keep us blocked out . 
 i do n't know why that one premonition of you slipped through , but i have a feeling that no more will come . '' 
 devon frowned as he puzzled over melissa 's statement . 
 he knew why she did n't receive visions about him , but he did n't understand why she had even gotten that one . 
 melissa 's gaze was questioning , her dark eyes eager . 
 she wanted to know why she saw nothing about him , but he was n't ready to spill yet . 
 at least not until he knew more about them first . 
 though premonitions were a handy thing to have for a lot of things , they would not help him . 
 not now . 
 she would have no visions about julian either , maybe some of his actions , but not julian . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 he asked chris quietly , ignoring the crestfallen look on melissa 's face . 
 he liked the girl , he did n't want to keep her in the dark , but he wanted to hear everything they had to say before he laid all of his cards on the table . 
 chris shifted slightly . 
 he was still not completely relaxed , tension hummed through him , but at least he did n't look as if he were going to attack anymore . 
 `` i can read people . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 devon asked quietly . 
 chris 's eyes narrowed slightly . 
 `` i know what they are when i meet them . 
 good , bad , indifferent to life . 
 i know what they are inside . 
 i know what they are feeling , '' he said defiantly . 
 devon chose to ignore his tone , tired of bickering with the kid . 
 it was n't getting either of them anywhere , and it was upsetting cassie . 
 `` and what am i inside ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 chris shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he admitted slowly . 
 `` i never really picked anything up from you . 
 there was always a sort of blank surrounding you , except for when it came to cassie . '' 
 devon frowned fiercely ; his gaze darted back to cassie . 
 she sat stiffly upon the couch , her hand clenched tightly on the throw pillow she had retrieved ; her golden hair shielded most of her delicate features from him . 
 `` what did you sense then ? '' 
 devon asked softly . 
 chris shifted again . 
 it was apparent that he did not want to divulge everything either . 
 then , with a small shrug , he seemed to decide that it was not all that important anyway . 
 `` i could sense how much you cared for her , how much she meant to you . '' 
 devon 's frown deepened . 
 bowing his head , he began to rub the bridge of his nose , trying to puzzle through what they were telling him . 
 they should n't have been able to get anything off of him . 
 but where cassie was involved , they were somehow able to pick things up . 
 she was staring up at him , her astonishing eyes wide and questioning as she studied him . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 he shook his head , dropping his hand to take hold of hers once more . 
 `` and what can you do ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 her frown deepened , a strange flicker passed through her eyes . 
 `` nothing . 
 i have no abilities . '' 
 shock coursed through him . 
 she possessed the most powerful blood he had ever tasted . 
 from just a few precious drops he was stronger , faster , his senses sharper . 
 he felt like he could conquer the world . 
 she had to possess some abilities , her blood was too impressive and wonderful not to . 
 it made no sense . 
 a wounded look crossed her features ; he could feel her starting to withdraw from him . 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 he inquired , unable to believe it was true . 
 she gave him a dark look . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure , '' she said flatly . 
 `` cassie is an outstanding fighter , '' luther interjected quickly . 
 `` maybe the best to ever come out of the hunter line . '' 
 she quirked an eyebrow as she studied her guardian . 
 `` being able to kill well is not a gift , or ability . '' 
 luther 's gaze was sad and sympathetic , but his jaw was set in determination . 
 `` it is . 
 it 's just a different one than what chris and melissa have . '' 
 `` killing , being fast and strong with enhanced senses is a natural ability of all hunter 's , not just me . '' 
 luther sighed softly as he gave a brief nod . 
 `` true . '' 
 she turned back to devon , a strange hopelessness in her usually bright eyes . 
 `` i 've seen what chris and melissa go through though . 
 i 'm glad i do n't have to deal with the burdens that they do . '' 
 devon nodded slowly , his mind spinning as he tried to place all the pieces of the puzzle together . 
 she had no abilities but she was powerful , he could feel that , he had tasted it . 
 but no matter the power he could sense pouring out of her now , he had not been able to detect it until her blood had been spilled . 
 somehow he had been unable to perceive what any of them were until he had been slapped in the face with it . 
 though , he suspected that he had been too blinded by his feelings for cassie to realize that they were hunter 's . 
 he had not wanted to see the truth , for if he had , he never would have gotten the chance to know her . 
 to love her . 
 the thought was shocking , he had never loved before , and yet the realization was not a surprise . 
 he had loved her since the first moment he 'd seen her , he suspected that he had loved her before he 'd even met her . 
 if melissa had received a premonition of him , then it was quite possible that he had been destined to find her , and although he had never believed in that kind of thing before , it felt right in this situation . 
 it felt right with cassie . 
 no , he had not wanted to see the truth about them , even though all the evidence had been laid out before him . 
 it would have been rather easy to put it all together , he had simply chosen not to . 
 `` why ca n't we read you ? '' 
 melissa blurted unable to bite her tongue any longer . 
 devon could n't help but smile as he shook his head at her . 
 `` my power , and abilities , keeps you blocked . '' 
 melissa frowned at him , her eyes narrowing fiercely . 
 she apparently felt that he was not answering her question . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 cassie asked softly , her delicate eyebrows furrowed in confusion . 
 he could n't help but smile down at her , loving her puzzled expression . 
 `` my powers are much stronger than any of the vampires that you have come across . 
 i have learned to keep people blocked out , especially hunter 's . 
 it 's an ability that has helped to keep me alive for a long time . '' 
 `` but i had a premonition of you ! '' 
 melissa insisted . 
 `` i saw you ! '' 
 devon 's gaze darted to cassie . 
 `` i do n't understand exactly how it all works , but i have a feeling your premonition probably had more to do with cassie than me . '' 
 `` with me ? '' 
 cassie inquired . 
 `` when it comes to you , my guard is down more ; my humanity is stronger and more intense . '' 
 cassie 's eyes softened , she relaxed slightly as she gazed silently up at him . 
 `` but that vision was two years ago , '' melissa said softly . 
 cassie 's mouth dropped , she blinked in surprise as she spun toward melissa . 
 `` two years !? '' 
 she squeaked . 
 `` you kept this from me for two years !? '' 
 melissa nodded absently , drumming her fingers along the mantle , her expression thoughtful and distant . 
 `` yeah , you would n't have wanted to know anyway . '' 
 cassie was still frowning fiercely , but she nodded her agreement as she settled back slightly . 
 `` why would i receive that one two years ago , when you did n't even know cassie then ? '' 
 devon shrugged , shaking his head as he met cassie 's startled gaze . 
 `` i do n't have all the answers . 
 maybe it was fate that i was supposed to meet her , maybe something happened two years ago that allowed a vision to slip through . 
 i simply do n't know . '' 
 `` what could have happened ? '' 
 he grinned down at cassie , brushing a strand of her golden hair gently off her face . 
 her eyes melted , warming as they filled with love . 
 love for him . 
 his hand stilled on her cheek , he was lost to the beauty and wonder of her . 
 it was not only her outer beauty that entranced him , but also the pure wonder of her soul . 
 she was the strongest , most giving , and loving person that he had ever encountered , and he had encountered far more people than he would have liked in his long life . 
 and far too many of them had not been good . 
 she leaned into his touch , her silken cheek nestling against his cupped palm . 
 dark lashes curled against her cheeks as she closed her eyes , reveling in the feel of him . 
 devon had to force himself to recall the other people in the room , for he wanted nothing more than to take her upstairs and curl up with her , holding her tight as he kept her safe . 
 but he could not do that , not now . 
 `` like i said , i do n't have all the answers . 
 there are many mysteries in life that are never explained . '' 
 cassie 's eyes fluttered open , her long lashes brushed against the palm of his hand . 
 a shiver of want raced down his spine , leaving his control and restraint shaken . 
 the demon in him wanted nothing more than to drain every drop of her spectacular blood , and the man wanted nothing more than to know her in every possible way . 
 he shuddered , struggling to retain control of himself . 
 `` it 's still very strange , '' she said softly , her husky voice washing over him . 
 `` yes , '' he managed to grate out . 
 `` that 's also about the time that cassie really started to withdraw , '' chris pondered . 
 `` yes , '' melissa agreed , folding her arms over her chest , her eyebrows drawn tightly together . 
 `` hey , '' cassie said sharply . 
 `` i 'm right here . '' 
 melissa focused on her , her frown intense . 
 `` i think i had a vision of devon because i was afraid that we would lose you . 
 i think i was granted that vision to ease my fears about you , and your future . 
 and it did help . '' 
 `` could have told me , '' chris mumbled . 
 `` i did n't know what he was , '' melissa reminded him . 
 `` yeah , i guess . '' 
 cassie rolled her eyes , shaking her head at the two of them . 
 `` so what do we do about julian ? '' 
 she asked , though she tried hard , devon could still hear the undercurrent of fear in her voice . 
 his free hand clenched tight at the reminder of the brutality she had experienced last night . 
 a brutality inflicted upon her by a monster he had helped to create , and would destroy . 
 `` we do n't do anything . 
 if you insist upon staying then there is nothing that i can do about that , but you are to stay away from him . '' 
 anger flashed through her violet blue eyes , she opened her mouth to protest , but he cut her swiftly off . 
 `` you can not defeat him cassie , he will kill you , and i can not allow that to happen . 
 i can not lose you . '' 
 her lush mouth parted slightly , the anger faded from her eyes . 
 biting her lower lip , she managed a small nod as she turned away from him . 
 `` the three of you are to stay by me from now on . '' 
 all of their eyes snapped to him again , he could feel the anger and defiance radiating from them . 
 `` what ? '' 
 chris barked . 
 devon met his hostile gaze , impressed by the courage the kid possessed . 
 he had n't backed down once . 
 `` julian will come after you , hard . 
 if he catches you alone , or without me , you wo n't have a shot of surviving . '' 
 chris 's hands fisted , a muscle twitched in his cheek as he clenched his jaw tight . 
 `` he 's right , '' cassie 's grandmother said , probably hoping to ward off a fight . 
 `` you must stay safe ; devon can help protect you from him . '' 
 `` the three of us ... '' `` are no match . '' 
 the older woman unraveled her legs and climbed gracefully to her feet . 
 `` until this is taken care of , you will be safe , and you will stick by devon . 
 and there will be no arguments on the matter . '' 
 he was not surprised when they remained silent , sullen , but silent . 
 cassie 's grandmother was small , but she bore an air of authority that brooked no room for argument . 
 he would n't even argue with her , and because of that , he was glad she was on his side . 
 `` now , i think that it 's time for cassie to rest . '' 
 `` i 'm fine grandma . '' 
 her sky blue eyes narrowed slightly , her hands went to her hips . 
 `` you are going to rest . '' 
 devon fought back a smile . 
 `` i 'll help you upstairs . '' 
 cassie frowned fiercely at him as she shook her head . 
 `` i am perfectly capable of walking upstairs on my own . '' 
 `` let him help you cassandra , '' her grandmother interjected . 
 cassie 's teeth locked tight , but she did n't argue further . 
 releasing her cushion , she went to rise , but he moved swiftly forward , sweeping her easily up . 
 she gasped softly , her fingers curling into the nape of his neck . 
 her look of irritation swiftly vanished as a small smile played across her full mouth . 
 playing with the hair at the nape of his neck , she curled tight against him . 
 her lithe body fit perfectly against his , her soft curves pressing tight to him . 
 her head rested against his shoulder , the heady scent of her filled his nostrils . 
 his hands tightened around her , he cradled her gently as he swiftly left the room . 
 he was suddenly desperate to escape for a bit . 
 he needed to hunt , needed to fill himself with blood , and he needed to regain complete control of himself . 
 though he was loath to do it , he needed to separate from her until he was sure that she would be safe around him . 
 he maneuvered her gently in his arms to open the door to her room . 
 he knew her room well now , but it still surprised him that it was not decorated with posters , and pictures , like most teenagers rooms . 
 the only picture in the room was that of her parents , she had never told him that was who the picture was of , but she looked a lot like the blond woman in it . 
 the room was also completely spotless , everything neatly put in its place . 
 he suspected that the chaos of her life outside of this room made her want to keep everything within it neatly ordered and meticulous . 
 this room was one of the few things that she could control . 
 he placed her gently on the bed , hating to part with her for even a second , but knowing that he had to . 
 if he stayed much longer he would become a danger to her . 
 he kissed her forehead lightly , savoring in her sweet scent . 
 `` i have to go for a little bit . '' 
 fear flashed through her eyes , her hand briefly tightened upon him . 
 he hated the vulnerability and alarm that suffused her , but her encounter with julian had left her shaken , and rattled . 
 from what he had seen of her , she did n't fear anything . 
 in fact , she was recklessly fearless , far too much so for his liking . 
 then , she buried the fear , jutted her chin out and nodded briskly . 
 his mouth curved in a smile as the brave woman he knew reappeared . 
 `` i 'll leave the window open for you . '' 
 `` it would n't stop me anyway . '' 
 she grinned at him ; her hands gently cradling his face as she pressed a chaste kiss on his lips . 
 heat flooded through him . 
 he wanted more , so much more . 
 he pulled quickly away , before he could n't . 
 it would be so easy to get lost in her , but there was too much to take care of right now . 
 `` i 'll see you soon , '' he whispered . 
 she nodded , gently stroking his face for a moment more before she released him . 
 devon turned on his heel , frustration boiling through him ; he was hungry for so much more than blood . 
 his gaze fell upon chris and melissa standing in the doorway . 
 melissa was smiling softly ; chris was still wound tight as a bow string as he stared hard at devon . 
 chapter 5 cassie gathered her books from her locker , resisting the urge to slam it shut . 
 ever since she had become the social leper of the school , she had received more whispered comments and nasty asides then she had ever thought to hear in her life . 
 she tried hard not to let them affect her , but it had been a long day , and her defenses were wearing thin . 
 straightening her shoulders , she held her chin high as she turned back to the whispers and stares . 
 ignoring it all , she made her way down the hall , wishing that she could n't hear the things they were saying . 
 they had all heard about the attack in the woods , but for the most part , they were not relieved that she had survived . 
 the bitter anger that surrounded them , and the hate directed at her was beating her down . 
 they were especially angry about the fact that she was here , while marcy was still in the hospital , and probably would not be getting out until tomorrow . 
 `` cassie . '' 
 she braced herself , her hands tightened upon her books as she turned toward the sound of the soft voice . 
 the girl standing behind her was staring up at her with wide hazel eyes . 
 they were heavily outlined with eyeliner and mascara that brought out the gold flecks within them . 
 her short hair had been dyed a blood red color that stood out at spiky angles around her pretty , heart shaped face . 
 the girl looked vaguely familiar , but cassie was too tired , and too drained , to place her . 
 `` danielle , '' the girl said , taking obvious pity on her . 
 `` we met in the bathroom a couple weeks ago . '' 
 her overwrought mind finally recognized the girl . 
 dani had been kind enough to give cassie some towels when she had freaked out over devon 's arrival at school . 
 it was hard to believe that she had ever fought against the bond that connected them , that at one time she had fled from the changes she knew he would bring to her life . 
 changes that she now relished in , but had been petrified of before . 
 `` oh , hi dani , i 'm sorry i just ... well i 've just been out of it lately . '' 
 dani 's smile was knowing and sad as she glanced around the hall . 
 students went out of their way to avoid walking near cassie , and none of them did a good job at muffling the `` sluts '' and `` freaks '' that they dropped as they moved past . 
 cassie fought the urge to start punching them all , or just walk out , but she would not give them the satisfaction of seeing her snap . 
 `` i understand . 
 i heard about what happened in the forest , i 'm glad to see that you 're ok . '' 
 cassie 's eyes widened in shock . 
 no one , other than the teachers , had bothered to ask her if she was ok . 
 no one had cared enough to , and she was fairly certain that most of the female student body wished that she had died so that they could have a crack at devon . 
 she would like to think their hatred of her was because of the strong appeal devon had told them about yesterday , but cassie knew that it had always been there , bubbling just beneath the surface . 
 the girls had been looking for any excuse to turn against her . 
 and the boys of the school hated her for turning them all down , but accepting devon . 
 especially since devon made them all feel a little awkward , uncomfortable , and self conscious . 
 `` thank you dani . '' 
 dani smiled knowingly at her , reaching out to touch cassie 's hand gently . 
 cassie glanced nervously around the hall , noting the attention that their interaction received . 
 `` you might not want to be seen with me though , '' she said softly , knowing that the girl would receive some backlash for speaking to her . 
 dani glanced around the hall , nodding as she noted the stares . 
 dani gave a small wave of her fingers to julie jenks who turned quickly away . 
 `` i 've never cared what these people thought of me , and believe me cassie , being on the outside is better . 
 you do n't have to play by their rules all the time . '' 
 cassie could n't help but smile at the small , eccentric girl . 
 `` i suppose you 're right . '' 
 `` i 'm always right , '' dani declared forcefully . 
 `` is everything ok here ? '' 
 devon appeared suddenly at her side , his emerald eyes fierce as he stared hard at dani . 
 the girl colored as she ducked her head shyly . 
 although dani was one of the few that did not hate her , apparently she also had a crush on devon . 
 cassie quirked an eyebrow in amusement , devon 's eyes burned questioningly into hers , his body tense as he prepared to defend her . 
 something he had been doing far too much of lately . 
 `` everything 's fine , '' she assured him . 
 though he relaxed subtly , he still seemed weary of dani . 
 `` devon this is dani , she was just making sure that i was alright . '' 
 he relaxed even more . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 dani 's face was bright red as she thrust her hand out ; she kept her head bowed , unable to look devon in the eye . 
 he shot cassie an amused look before gently taking hold of her hand . 
 `` it 's my pleasure , '' dani muttered . 
 dani pulled her hand swiftly away , the heat in her face spread down her neck . 
 cassie felt sorry for the younger girl ; she knew how overwhelming devon 's presence could be . 
 `` i um ... i should be going , '' dani stammered . 
 `` i 'm glad that you 're ok cassie . '' 
 `` thank you dani . '' 
 she turned , hurrying swiftly away before disappearing into the thick throng of students . 
 `` where did she come from ? '' 
 devon inquired softly . 
 `` i met her a few weeks ago , when you first arrived . '' 
 devon nodded , his arm slipped easily around her waist as he pulled her tight against his side . 
 she melded against him , loving the feel of his hard body . 
 warmth erupted in tingling waves that swamped her from head to toe . 
 she pressed tighter to him , her hand resting on his chest as she dropped her head to his shoulder . 
 the strength and comfort he offered pushed aside all the nasty comments and looks of the day . 
 it helped strengthen her , buoying her confidence once more . 
 gently nuzzling her hair , he dropped a soft kiss on the top of her head . 
 cassie sighed in delight . 
 `` let 's get you some lunch . '' 
 she frowned up at him , aggravated at the interruption . 
 she did not want to move . 
 he grinned at her , his green eyes twinkling brightly . 
 she loved it when he smiled . 
 it gave him an air of boyishness that was charming and heart melting . 
 `` i can hear your stomach rumbling . '' 
 blushing slightly , cassie ducked her head , silently cursing his enhanced hearing . 
 squeezing her tight once more , he turned her , moving with the flow of students toward the cafeteria . 
 though she still received looks , the whispered asides were drastically cut back . 
 mainly because none of the girls wanted devon to think that they were catty and cruel , and none of the boys wanted to risk his wrath . 
 devon 's arm tightened briefly around her , the smile slipping from his mouth as he stared hard around the halls . 
 apparently they were n't as discreet as they had thought , at least not around him as he was picking up things that no human would ever hear . 
 his jaw clenched , his hand locked upon her waist . 
 `` it 's ok , '' she said softly . 
 `` i 'm becoming used to it . '' 
 he glanced sharply at her . 
 `` you should n't have to , '' he growled . 
 cassie shrugged and dropped a quick kiss on his cheek . 
 though there was nothing that he could do about it , she thrilled at his fierce desire to keep her safe in every way . 
 `` i 'll meet you at the table . '' 
 his hand tightened upon her as she tried to pull free . 
 `` i 'm coming with you . '' 
 quirking an eyebrow , she shook her head at him . 
 `` you do n't eat . '' 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 `` you ca n't follow me everywhere devon , i can do this myself . '' 
 a muscle in his cheek jumped . 
 it was obvious that he did n't want her to face this alone , but she had to . 
 she had to face a good chunk of her day alone as it was , and if she did n't start developing a thicker skin now , then it was going to be a very long , very hard year . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 slowly , reluctantly , he released his hold upon her . 
 cassie gave him a small , reassuring smile before heading in to swim with the sharks . 
 the buzz instantly grew around her ; the murmurs became louder and nastier as she wound her way through the crowd . 
 she did her best to tune them out , but they only got worse the farther from devon she got . 
 her rumbling stomach clenched , her appetite vanished . 
 instead of all the talk dying down with time , it seemed to be growing in force , becoming angrier . 
 regretting her decision to leave devon behind , she almost turned away from the lunch line , but she could not give them the satisfaction of realizing that they were getting to her . 
 she kept her chin held high as people snickered and whispered behind their hands . 
 though she did n't know why they bothered to stay behind their hands , their whispers were as loud as gunshots to her . 
 `` well , look at who it is . '' 
 she did n't even bother to look up as mark young appeared by her side . 
 mark had followed her around for years , hounding her to go out with him . 
 having sensed something off about mark , chris had cautioned her away from the muscular boy a long time ago , but cassie would have stayed away even without chris 's warning . 
 she had never felt anything for mark , but he had been relentless in his pursuit , and often highly annoying . 
 he had also been one of the first people to turn against her when she began to see devon , and it had been his actions that had given the rest of the student body an excuse to hate her . 
 `` ah but you 're not so special anymore are you ? '' 
 cassie continued to ignore him as she moved slowly through the line . 
 `` how the mighty have fallen . 
 guess that 's what you get for being a slut . '' 
 though she had not wanted to give him the satisfaction of reacting in anyway , she could not stop herself from shooting him a dirty look . 
 he chuckled softly , enjoying the fact that he had finally gotten a reaction out of her . 
 cassie shivered ; her skin crawled with disgust as his arm brushed against hers . 
 `` truth hurts , does n't it ? '' 
 she kept her chin held high , but inside she was a seething mass of raw nerves and revulsion . 
 she wished that she had n't sent devon away , she wished that she had never stepped foot in this line . 
 she wished for many things , but none of them were going to do her any good at the moment . 
 she was here , devon was not , and mark seemed determined to make her miserable . 
 `` does n't it , whore ? '' 
 cassie 's jaw clenched tightly as she fought the fierce urge to punch him . 
 if she hit him though , she would probably hurt him . 
 and no matter how much she would n't mind hurting him , she knew her conscience could not handle it . 
 `` i 'm talking to you , '' he growled , his growing agitation evident in his voice . 
 her eyes flickered briefly toward him . 
 shock riveted her . 
 his eyes were feral , frantic . 
 she was surprised and horrified by the lack of control that radiated from him . 
 he was about ready to snap . 
 fear coiled through cassie . 
 she took a small step back , her attempt at bravery forgotten in the face of his wildly unstable persona . 
 she did not know what was wrong with him lately , but this was the second time she had seen him half crazed as he came after her . 
 the first time had led to the school hating her , this time she was afraid it might lead to actual violence . 
 she was n't entirely certain that even if she did hit him , it would affect him in his current condition . 
 cassie glanced around the cafeteria , searching for an escape , but they had slipped into the inner area of the lunch line . 
 a wall now blocked her back and students were crammed around her . 
 students who would offer her no help right now . 
 out of habit , and looking for something more to protect herself with , cassie grabbed a tray . 
 she clenched it tightly , holding it against her chest in a poor attempt to shield herself from his bizarre behavior . 
 it did little to help . 
 she glanced at the crowd still ahead of her , silently urging them to move faster . 
 `` you always thought you were too good for all of us . 
 for me . 
 now you 're nothing . '' 
 she shot a fierce glare at him , anger boiling up to replace the curdling horror inside of her . 
 `` i am too good for you , '' she retorted , unable to stop herself . 
 his eyes bugged out of his head , his hands fisted at his sides and for a brief moment she thought that he was going to hit her . 
 `` bitch ! '' 
 he spat . 
 cassie had enough . 
 tossing her tray onto the metal railing , she turned and began to shove her way through the crowd , ignoring the disgruntled looks she received . 
 pushing free of the crowd , she inhaled a shaky breath , wanting nothing more than to be free of the cafeteria , and the school . 
 a hand seized hold of her arm , ripping her around . 
 a startled cry escaped her as mark 's hand tightened on her , his grip becoming painful . 
 `` do n't you walk away from me ! '' 
 `` let go mark . '' 
 she tugged on her arm , but he would n't release her . 
 cassie 's hand fisted , she did n't care what happened she was going to knock him on his ass . 
 another hand shot forward , seizing hold of marks ' arm in a bone crushing grip before cassie could let her fist fly . 
 cassie 's eyes shot to devon as he stepped forward , fury radiating from every inch of his body . 
 `` let her go before i break your arm , '' he snarled . 
 mark 's mouth dropped , his eyes widened in pain as devon clenched down harder . 
 mark 's fingers released her , not by choice , but because he could no longer hold her . 
 mark tried to pull his arm free , but devon held tight . 
 his jaw was clenched , a muscle twitched in his cheek as he glared violently at mark . 
 `` i told you before to stay the hell away from her . '' 
 the words were spoken softly , but they caused the hair on cassie 's arms and neck to rise . 
 she had thought mark was out of control , but she could sense the unraveling restraint that devon fought so hard to keep in check . 
 cassie glanced at mark 's arm ; it would only take a little more pressure for it to snap . 
 `` devon , '' cassie breathed , worry flaring through her . 
 chris appeared beside him , blocking the curious stares of the students that passed by . 
 `` what 's going on guys ? '' 
 he asked brightly for the benefit of those surrounding them , but his eyes were dark and turbulent as he studied devon wearily . 
 he glanced at cassie before focusing his attention on mark . 
 cassie reached out , stroking devon 's arm , trying to reach him through the thick cloud of fury that suffused him . 
 his eyes flickered to her , burning hotly . 
 she was momentarily frightened of him , frightened by what he might do . 
 she had never seen him like this , wild , frenzied , so very close to killing . 
 cassie 's breath caught in her chest , but she did not move away from him . 
 she would not abandon him now , this was her devon . 
 no matter what , good or bad , she loved him with every ounce of her being . 
 she just had to reach him , to stop him from doing something awful in front of so many witnesses . 
 she had to stop him from doing something that he would regret . 
 `` devon please , just let him go . 
 it 's ok . '' 
 his eyes flickered briefly , light coming momentarily back into them before the darkness descended over him once more . 
 he turned slowly back to mark , who looked truly petrified as he gaped down at the hand clenching his arm . 
 cassie glanced pleadingly at chris , but he remained silent , stony as he glared at mark . 
 she felt hopeless , lost . 
 there was no one to help her now , no one to stop devon if he snapped completely . 
 devon took a step closer to mark , pulling his arm against his chest . 
 terror tore through cassie . 
 he was going to kill mark . 
 abandoning all caution , she threw herself forward , instinctively knowing that devon would not hurt her . 
 shoving her way in between them , she stood on tiptoe to grasp hold of devon 's cheeks and swiftly bring his mouth down to hers . 
 shock slammed into him , stiffening him against her . 
 she stood awkwardly , her lips pressed against his compressed , hard mouth as she waited breathlessly to see what he would do . 
 his body remained unmoving for a moment more , and then everything changed . 
 cassie had only wanted to divert his attention from mark , to keep devon from hurting him . 
 she had not expected that all of the frenzy he had been feeling toward mark would be diverted to her . 
 his hardness melted away , he released mark as his arms clamped tightly around her . 
 he lifted her off the ground , pressing her flush against him . 
 fear trickled briefly through her ; she had never felt him this wild , this savage . 
 he clenched the back of her head , his fingers threaded through the bottom of the loose twist in her hair . 
 his mouth was firm against hers , desperate , fierce . 
 though she was certain that he would never hurt her , she also realized that he was highly unstable right now , barely in control of himself . 
 his mouth opened against hers , his tongue plummeted in . 
 a small moan escaped cassie . 
 she forgot all her doubts and concerns as she melted against him . 
 heat suffused her , pooling through her entire being , warming her everywhere . 
 her heart hammered in her chest , she fit perfectly against him . 
 her hands clenched tight at his neck , she wanted to bury herself in the security and bliss that he provided her . 
 the entire world , and the awful events of the day , disappeared as she became completely focused on him . 
 he was her everything , he was the one thing that could make her whole , complete . 
 he worked the knot out of her hair , letting it free to flow down her back . 
 his tongue stroked over her mouth , tasting her , savoring her . 
 he was hard against her , the muscles in his arms rigid , yet she could feel a small tremor working through him as his kiss deepened , becoming almost bruising in its intensity . 
 she did not utter a complaint , did not make a sound . 
 she knew that he needed this , that he needed her . 
 she just had n't realized how much . 
 a shiver of fear raced through her as his teeth hardened and lengthened . 
 she could feel them against her bottom lip , fierce , needy . 
 deadly . 
 though she was scared , and more than a little over her head , she could not stop the thrill of excitement that raced through her . 
 curiosity , and an overwhelming urge that she could not deny , took hold of her . 
 gently , lightly , she flicked her tongue over the tips of his engorged teeth . 
 devon shuddered ; his hands clenched tighter upon her , his kiss became harsher . 
 she was lost to him , lost to everything that he was , and the wonderful sensations that he made her feel . 
 never in her life had she experienced anything as breathtaking as this , and she wanted more . 
 she wanted all of him . 
 devon broke away suddenly , releasing her as he took a swift step back . 
 cassie took a stumbling step back , shocked by his abrupt release of her . 
 it took her a moment before she could get her wobbly legs firmly beneath her again . 
 she stared breathlessly up at him , shaken , and unfulfilled . 
 his emerald eyes were dark , tortured , wounded . 
 horror tore through her at the sight of his anguish , his unraveling control , his desperate need . 
 for the first time it hit her just how hard it was for him to be around her , how hard it was for him to control himself , and keep her safe . 
 tears sprang to her eyes , hating the torment that radiated from him . 
 torment that she had caused him . 
 her hand flew to her swollen lips ; a choked sound of dismay escaped her as the tears burned her eyes . 
 the last thing in the world she wanted was to hurt him , to upset him in anyway , and yet that was exactly what she was doing to him . 
 she was torturing him . 
 `` devon , '' she whispered , her voice choked with horror and sorrow . 
 his darkened gaze turned to chris , small tremors ran through his fisted hands . 
 `` mark ? '' 
 chris cleared his throat , obviously surprised and uncomfortable with what he had just witnessed . 
 `` ran off the first chance he got . '' 
 devon nodded briskly . 
 `` get her out of here . 
 i do n't want her around these people anymore . 
 i have to go , but i 'm leaving her in your hands . '' 
 cassie blinked away her tears as his gaze turned back to her . 
 she wanted to reach out to him , to comfort him , but she instinctively knew that she should not . 
 he was close to completely unraveling and her touch might just push him over the edge . 
 though his eyes were tormented , love also shone from them and that would have to be enough for now . 
 with a shaking hand , he reached out and briefly caressed her cheek before turning on his heel and disappearing into the gaping crowd . 
 cassie blinked rapidly , startled to realize that they were still in the middle of the crowded , oddly silent cafeteria . 
 questioning , condemning stares were focused intently upon her . 
 chris stepped forward , still looking slightly shell shocked as he slid his arm through hers . 
 `` come on cassie , '' he said gently . 
 she stared helplessly up at him , wishing that he could offer her answers to the questions and confusion enveloping her . 
 for so long chris had been her rock , the one person that she could turn to when she needed solace . 
 right now he was just as lost as she was . 
 he led her swiftly through the crowd as it began to come alive again ; the comments were no longer whispered as accusations were hurled at her . 
 she barely heard any of them through the haze that surrounded her . 
 they reached the cafeteria doors as melissa came strolling around the corner , her books held tight against her chest . 
 her eyebrows rose in surprise when she saw them , her mouth parted slightly . 
 her gaze darted behind them , narrowing as the buzz in the cafeteria increased . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she demanded fiercely . 
 `` a lot , '' chris muttered . 
 `` we 're leaving . '' 
 her gaze darted to cassie , who was still too numb and shocked to even begin to explain . 
 melissa did n't question them further as she fell into step beside them , her narrowed gaze darting back to the cruel crowd still gathered within the cafeteria walls . 
 cassie made it all the way to chris 's car , and was even settled into the backseat , before she started to cry . 
 chapter 6 cassie paced her room restlessly , her gaze darting continuously to the darkened night . 
 devon should be here shortly , if he came at all . 
 the thought froze her briefly in midstride , before she continued on . 
 he had to come . 
 she could n't allow herself to think that he would n't . 
 if she did , she would start crying again , and it had only been a couple of hours since she had completely regained control of herself . 
 it had taken another hour to convince chris and melissa that she was fine , and to go home . 
 they had been reluctant to leave , but she did n't want them here when devon arrived . 
 she needed to speak with him alone . 
 turning on her heel , she paced restlessly back to the other side of the room . 
 she felt as wound up as a yo-yo . 
 she glanced at the clock on her nightstand , dismayed to realize that it was almost ten o'clock . 
 where was he ? 
 what would she do if he did n't come tonight ? 
 terror tore through her at the thought . 
 her chest constricted , making it difficult for her to breathe . 
 it had happened so swiftly , her love for him had been rapid and all consuming . 
 she wanted to be frightened by it ; she should be frightened by it , but she was n't . 
 to be this dependent on someone else was something that she had never wanted . 
 loving someone this much left her vulnerable to all of the hurt and cruelty that she knew resided everywhere in the world . 
 but it was too late , she was helplessly in love with him , lost to him , and she could not lose him . 
 she would do anything to keep that from happening . 
 all of her pent up , nervous energy , deflated from her as fear consumed her . 
 she slid limply to the floor , dragging her legs up against her chest and hugging them tight as she dropped her chin on top of them . 
 *** devon released the last fox he 'd caught . 
 he watched it stagger away , trying to regain its balance from the loss of blood it had sustained . 
 though he tried to keep the animals alive when he fed from them , the first two foxes , three rabbits , and one coyote he had captured had not survived . 
 he had been too unstable , and full of bloodlust , when he had seized hold of them . 
 he barely even remembered draining them dry , but he clearly recalled their limp bodies left brokenly on the forest floor . 
 and he was ashamed . 
 though it was far better that it was animals , and not cassie he was draining dry because he had been that close today . 
 a shudder ran through him as he recalled exactly how close he had been to ravishing her in every way , and not caring who watched . 
 he could not allow that to happen again . 
 he could not be that unstable around her again . 
 it would not end well . 
 but when she had run her tongue across his teeth , showing no fear of him as her excitement blazed forth , he had nearly unraveled completely . 
 he shuddered , the memory rousing his bloodlust and desire once more . 
 she was far too innocent to know what she was doing to him , but she was going to be his undoing . 
 their relationship had come to a crossroads much faster than he had expected . 
 rising slowly , he wiped the dirt from his jeans , watching as the fox disappeared . 
 he had glutted himself tonight , stuffing himself to the point of near bursting in the hopes that it would keep him from desiring her blood as fiercely . 
 he did n't think it would work . 
 his head fell back as he stared up at the thick canopies of oaks and maples . 
 dropping his head back down , he used all of his senses to search the dark night . 
 he could feel nothing out there except for a deer , and a pack of coyotes . 
 julian was being quiet , staying low . 
 it was very uncharacteristic . 
 once julian made his presence known , he liked to keep it known . 
 the fact that he was staying quiet was more than a little unsettling . 
 he was planning something , and devon did n't like it . 
 he had to find him , and soon . 
 as long as julian was out there , cassie was in danger . 
 turning away , he blended swiftly into the woods , bracing himself for what was about to come . 
 he raced to cassie 's house , moving swiftly through the thick forest , easily dodging any obstacles in his way . 
 reaching her house , he stopped at the edge of the forest to study the graceful cape house before him . 
 the weathered grey shingles , and light blue shutters , were bright in the light of the full moon . 
 cassie 's room was dark , but the tv was flashing in the window pane . 
 he knew that she was still awake ; he could feel her up there , lost , worried ; confused . 
 he hated himself even more for putting her through this , for leaving her to stew while he gorged himself on blood . 
 climbing swiftly up the tree , he paused at the edge of her window , taking her in . 
 she sat upon the bed ; her long legs were drawn up to her chest , her golden hair cascaded around her shoulders in thick waves . 
 the delicate beauty of her features was highlighted within the flickering light of the tv . 
 his chest constricted as he studied her , he was amazed and charmed by the effect she had over him . 
 an effect that only increased as time went by . 
 she turned toward him , her startling eyes widened , her rosebud mouth parted . 
 relief filled her as she leapt gracefully to her feet . 
 `` devon . '' 
 her soft whisper washed over him , as did her vast relief and aching hurt . 
 she came slowly toward him as if afraid she would scare him away . 
 hoping to ease some of her fears , he slid gracefully through the window . 
 tears bloomed in her eyes , but she bat them rapidly back as she watched him , her uncertainty palpable . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 he could only manage a brisk nod , finding it difficult to think in her presence . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she shook her head , looking lost . 
 `` i did n't know what else to do ; i thought you were going to kill him . '' 
 devon clearly recalled that scene in the cafeteria , the rage that had suffused him , the need to destroy the person hurting her . 
 he also recalled her kiss , her taste , her sweetness . 
 she was the only one that could have gotten through to him at that time . 
 he did n't like the way she had put herself in danger though , stepping between a vampire and its prey was even worse than stepping between a charging bull and its target . 
 but she was right ; he would have killed mark if she had n't intervened . 
 she had been lucky that he had not turned his rage on her . 
 but then again , in a way he had . 
 the uncontrollable rage had turned into uncontrollable passion instead . 
 devon shuddered to think about what he could have done to her , how he could have hurt her and not even realized it until he had been well sated on her . 
 `` i was . '' 
 she blinked in surprise at his flat words . 
 `` you stopped me from hurting him , but you ca n't put yourself in danger like that again . '' 
 `` danger ? '' 
 she asked in surprise . 
 he nodded briskly . 
 `` yes . 
 never step between a vampire and their prey . 
 you could get hurt . '' 
 she frowned fiercely at him , her elegant eyebrows drawing sharply together . 
 `` no matter what you might think , i know that you would never hurt me devon . '' 
 she had more faith in him than he did , but then again , she did not know the thoughts that ran through his mind . 
 the things that he wanted to do to her . 
 with her . 
 if she knew any of it , she would not have so much faith in him ; in fact she would probably run screaming in fear . 
 her faith was misplaced , she did not know that , but he did . 
 she took a step closer , but he held up his hand , warding her off even though it killed him . 
 all he wanted was her gentle , soothing touch . 
 `` cassie , we need to talk . '' 
 her frown deepened , terror flashed through her eyes . 
 chapter 7 cassie 's heart beat rapidly in her tight chest . 
 it took everything she had to keep breathing . 
 devon studied her , his eyes yearning , yet distant . 
 she shifted slightly , bracing herself for the worst , knowing that something bad was coming . 
 he did n't even want her to touch him . 
 she could smell , and feel , the vast amounts of blood that he had consumed , the power that coursed through him now . 
 he had drunk so much that she actually picked up on the metallic scent of it for the first time . 
 and he had done it so that he could prepare himself to come and see her . 
 that did not sit well with her , nor did it bode well . 
 anxiety clenched fiercely at her , her knees began to tremble slightly . 
 she knew that she was not going to like what he had to say . 
 she needed to sit before she fell down . 
 sliding limply down , she perched uneasily on the edge of her bed , her hands clenched tightly in her lap . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked quietly , her voice strangled and tight . 
 his emerald eyes were bright in the darkened room . 
 he was half hidden in the shadows that seemed to caress and enshroud his hard , toned body . 
 though the night was a little chilly , he wore only a t-shirt that clung to his muscles , emphasizing his washboard abs and firm chest . 
 despite her fear , cassie was still mesmerized and thrilled by him . 
 swallowing heavily she forced her mind away from her wandering thoughts . 
 his eyes sparked , a bright gleam came into them as he seemed to pick up on the direction of her thoughts . 
 then he shook his head , clearly trying to bring himself back to their conversation . 
 an owl hooted outside , its soft cry loud in the still night . 
 the crickets had retreated , the loss of their soft chirrups leaving the night oddly empty . 
 he shifted slightly , the shadows moving over him , caressing him . 
 for the first time she realized how much he truly belonged to the night , and the darkness . 
 for the first time she saw just how different they were . 
 tears burned the backs of her eyes again , but she refused to shed them . 
 not yet anyway . 
 she still did not know where this was going . 
 he moved slowly forward , his eyes intent upon her as he stopped just feet away . 
 though the distance between them was small , it suddenly felt like a vast chasm to her . 
 there would be no breeching it with a simple word or touch . 
 and she knew that it was her fault it existed at all . 
 `` i want you cassie . '' 
 her mouth went dry , her heart hammered so loudly she was certain that he could hear it . 
 excitement sprang forth , spreading rapidly through her whole body , burning through her veins . 
 `` but i ca n't control myself around you . '' 
 she swallowed again , afraid she would choke on the lump that was lodged in her throat . 
 `` yes you can , '' she whispered . 
 he sighed softly , leaning slightly back on his heels as his gaze darted briefly toward the ceiling . 
 shaking his head , his black hair fell forward across his sculpted face . 
 `` yes , somewhat , '' he admitted slowly . 
 `` but not enough , and everyday gets harder for me . 
 looking at you , smelling you , having tasted your blood , all of it is a fierce temptation that is getting harder and harder to resist . 
 every day , every second , i want more . '' 
 she was barely able to breathe , let alone find any words for him . 
 she wanted to be with him , terribly , but she was not ready for that step yet . 
 she knew that was crazy , she wanted to spend the rest of her life with him , but she was n't ready for what he wanted . 
 not yet anyway . 
 and there was still so much she did n't know about him , like just exactly how many women there had been over the past seven hundred years . 
 on second thought , she was n't so sure she wanted to know that at all . 
 it was far too intimidating and scary for her to think about . 
 not to mention there was already a lot on her plate without adding another heaping to it . 
 `` i 'm not ready for that yet , '' she whispered , feeling awkward and so very young and stupid as she issued the words . 
 she was an idiot , so inexperienced compared to him . 
 heat crept through her cheeks as he stared at her ; she hated the almost pitying look in his eyes . 
 clasping her hands tightly , her gaze darted to the window , unable to meet his stare any longer . 
 `` i know that cassie , '' he said gently . 
 `` and i will never push you into doing anything that you are not ready for , but it 's more than just sex . 
 i want all of you . '' 
 despite her intentions not to , her eyes darted back to him , her forehead furrowed in confusion . 
 `` i want your blood also . 
 i want to taste you and feel you and have you fill me . '' 
 despite the fear his words aroused , excitement also slammed hard through her . 
 what he was describing sent her into a tailspin of confusion and need . 
 she shook her head , trying to regain control of her spiraling feelings . 
 she knew she should be afraid of what he was saying , she should be completely against it considering what she was ; to have a vampire feeding from her should be the last thing in the world that she wanted . 
 but wanted it she did . 
 desperately . 
 `` i also want to change you . '' 
 horror slammed through her , knocking away all of her desire . 
 nausea twisted in her stomach , the blood froze in her veins , leaving her hollow and cold . 
 mouth dropping , she tried to find words , but none would come out . 
 change her ? 
 no , never , she could never be what he was . 
 she could never be a vampire , hunting animals , living on blood . 
 living in the dark , being a monster , being one of the things that had killed her parents was not something that she could do . 
 ever . 
 bile rose in her throat . 
 she wanted to stand up , but her legs would not support her . 
 his gaze was fierce on her , but he could not hide the brief flicker of hurt that flashed through his eyes . 
 `` cassie ... '' she held up her hand , not sure that she could hear anymore . 
 she needed time to digest what he was saying to her now , never mind hearing anymore . 
 `` i ca n't , '' she managed to choke out . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 he closed his eyes , folding his hands behind his back as he rocked on his heels . 
 he opened his eyes slowly , the stark pain in them nearly breaking her heart . 
 tears boiled up in her eyes , the anguish radiating from him was almost more than she could bear . 
 taking a deep breath , he took a step closer to her , kneeling down so that they were on the same eye level . 
 his gaze was steady on hers , hard , intense . 
 `` i either change you , or i leave when this is over , '' he said softly . 
 terror tore through her ; she lurched to her feet , falling before him on the carpet . 
 reaching out , she grasped hold of him , her fingers digging into his shoulders , fear threatening to choke her . 
 `` you ca n't , '' she whispered , shaking her head forcefully . 
 `` you ca n't . '' 
 he gently brushed away the tears that spilled rapidly down her face . 
 tears she had n't even known she was shedding . 
 `` if i stay , i may change you against your will cassie . 
 i am unstable around you . 
 you shake me to the very core of my being , rattle me ; unravel me . 
 i do n't want to hurt you cassie , it 's the last thing in the world that i want to do , but i very well might . '' 
 `` no , '' she breathed . 
 `` never . 
 you would never hurt me . '' 
 he sighed , his hand wrapped around the back of her head , his fingers gently stroked her skull . 
 `` today in the cafeteria ... '' `` i wo n't do anything like that again ! '' 
 `` so we do n't touch , we do n't kiss , we keep our distance ? 
 what kind of a relationship is that cassie ? 
 you deserve so much better , you deserve someone who can love you completely without having to fear that they might snap and turn you into a monster . '' 
 her tears spilled more freely . 
 his eyes were full of anguish as he continued to gently caress and comfort her . 
 `` i ca n't lose you , i ca n't , '' she sobbed . 
 `` i did n't come alive until i met you . 
 i ca n't lose you . '' 
 `` shh love , please cassie , please do n't cry . 
 i 'm so sorry ; i do n't want to hurt you . 
 i never want to hurt you . '' 
 `` then do n't leave me ! '' 
 his eyes were tormented , wracked with pain and anguish . 
 she could see the fierce battle waging within him , the absolute torture that she was putting him through , but she could n't stop herself . 
 she could n't lose him , she would never survive it . 
 she would die if she lost him , she knew that . 
 he was her other half , her everything . 
 he nodded briefly , but his were still dark , distant . 
 `` not now , '' he promised . 
 `` not with julian around . '' 
 `` but after ? '' 
 she asked worriedly . 
 he sighed softly . 
 `` after , you are going to have to make a choice . 
 you should be with someone that can give you the life that you deserve . 
 i am not that man cassie ; i am not even a man . '' 
 horror tore through her again , she tried to shake her head , but he had a firm hold on the back of her skull . 
 his eyes blazed into hers , fierce with his need , anguish , and fear of rejection . 
 she did n't want to reject him and what he was ; she would do anything for him , well almost anything . 
 she simply could not give him that . 
 her gaze ran over his glorious face , savoring every detail . 
 he was everything that she had ever dreamed of , and more . 
 no one else would ever make her feel like he did , she could n't imagine even kissing another man , let alone having them touch her . 
 the thought repulsed her almost as much as the idea of becoming a vampire . 
 `` you are that person . 
 i could never be with anyone else , '' she said fervently . 
 `` never . '' 
 anguish flashed across his face . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` you can control yourself , '' she whispered . 
 `` i know it . '' 
 resignation settled over his features , his thumb began to gently stroke her neck again . 
 `` for a little while yes , but i do n't know for how long cass . 
 you affect me too much , and my need for you grows every day . 
 i know that it will only continue to grow . 
 if i lose complete control , i could hurt someone , or i could force the change on you and that is the last thing that i want to do . 
 but i feel that it might come to that if i continue on this way . '' 
 she bit her bottom lip , trying hard not to start sobbing again . 
 `` you will have to make a choice cassie . '' 
 she closed her eyes as she nodded , unable to meet the hope and fear that radiated from his gaze . 
 even if it meant losing him , she did n't think she could do what he was asking of her . 
 in fact , she knew that she could n't . 
 her heart constricted , an ache bloomed throughout her body , seeping into her limbs . 
 it felt as if a hundred needles were piercing her skin , driving the pain into the very marrow of her bones . 
 she shuddered , her blood having turned to ice , her heart labored to push it through her flayed veins . 
 slowly opening her eyes , she met his gaze , trying her best to hide the grief tearing through her . 
 she did n't want to hurt him , she did n't want to lose him , but this was an impossible , shattering choice that she was n't capable of making now . 
 if ever . 
 in his gaze she saw the realization , the hurt , but there was nothing that she could do to ease it . 
 she could not assure him that he would be the one that she chose . 
 she could not assure him that she would give up sunlight and life , for a cold existence of death and darkness . 
 not all vampires may be the monsters that she had once believed them to be , but she could not become the thing that had murdered her parents . 
 she could not become the thing she had been birthed to destroy . 
 all she could do was hope that he was wrong , and that he would be able to keep control of himself . 
 it was selfish of her to put him through such torture ; it was so much to ask of him . 
 yet , it was also a lot to ask of her . 
 she refused to let the knowledge that their relationship was doomed seep into her brain . 
 if she did , she would completely break down , and she could n't do that . 
 not in front of him . 
 not now . 
 for now she was still able to hold him , be near him ; love him . 
 right now she had to cherish every moment they had together , for they were far more limited than she had realized . 
 reaching out , she gently stroked the face that she loved so much . 
 beneath her hand she could feel the fine bristles of his stubble . 
 `` i love you devon . '' 
 light and hope bloomed in his eyes ; they glowed with warmth and love . 
 though she knew he did not hope for her to change her mind , the hope nearly unraveled her . 
 pulling her gently forward he dropped a soft , lingering kiss on her forehead . 
 `` i love you too . 
 i 'll love you forever . '' 
 tears slid down cassie 's face as she leaned into him , savoring in his strength , his warmth , and the eternal love enshrouding her . 
 chapter 8 cassie studied the crowd crammed into the restaurant of b 's and s 's . 
 a few diehards remained settled around the picnic tables outside , but for the most part the crisp mid october air had chased everyone else inside . 
 the heat from all the bodies , and the noise was almost more than she could tolerate , but unfortunately they had to be here . 
 vampires were drawn to the crowds , drawn to the fresh blood of the youth within the walls . 
 the loud ringing of the pinball machine behind her caused her to wince involuntarily . 
 a headache had been bothering her all day , tensing her shoulders and back . 
 it was the kind of headache that no amount of aspirin could cure , and noises and stress were best avoided . 
 she could n't avoid either of them right now . 
 devon leaned closer to her , his hand gently massaging the back of her neck . 
 she leaned forward , closing her eyes as he attempted to ease the tightness lingering there . 
 there was far too much on her mind right now . 
 a loud shout rang out as the pinball machine went crazy . 
 sliding lower in her seat , she fervently wished that she was anywhere but here . 
 `` do you want me to take you home ? '' 
 chris inquired . 
 opening her eyes cassie focused on his bleary figure . 
 she would love nothing more than to go home , but she could n't leave the three of them on their own tonight . 
 if anything happened ... she refused to finish the thought as she shook her head slightly . 
 `` no , that 's ok . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 he frowned at her , but did n't push further . 
 devon pulled her closer to him , his arm wrapping gently around her head as he rested it against his chest . 
 some of the pain eased from her as his touch soothed the pounding in her temples . 
 closing her eyes , she wrapped her arms around his waist , clinging tight to him as he stroked her hair lightly . 
 he blocked out some of the noise , making it easier to breathe as she opened her eyes once more . 
 her gaze drifted across the students that gave their table a wide berth . 
 not long ago their table would have been flocked with people vying for their attention . 
 now there was no one , and she found that she did n't miss them . 
 glancing around the too bright , too loud restaurant , cassie ignored the sideways looks she received . 
 sighing heavily , she took a sip of water , hoping the cool liquid would help ease the pain in her body . 
 it did n't . 
 fresh air would though , she was certain of that . 
 `` i 'm going to step outside for a minute . '' 
 `` i 'll come with you , '' devon said instantly . 
 she shot him a look , shaking her head slightly , afraid to move it much more . 
 `` no , i 'll be fine , i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 `` cassie ... '' `` devon , i just need some fresh air . '' 
 his eyes were dark and turbulent as he studied her carefully . 
 his glance toward chris and melissa set cassie 's hackles on edge . 
 she was just getting some fresh air for crying out loud , she was not a two year old , and she did not need a babysitter . 
 `` i do n't need their permission either , '' she said sharply . 
 his gaze came guiltily back to hers , his shoulders slumped slightly . 
 `` alright , but do n't go anywhere . '' 
 she frowned fiercely at him , but did not argue further . 
 besides , she was not fooled into thinking that at least one of them would n't be keeping an eye on her , making sure she did n't get herself killed . 
 devon slid out of the booth , letting her escape from her cramped corner and the endlessly annoying ring of the pinball machine . 
 `` i 'll be back , '' she muttered . 
 he squeezed her arm gently as she made her way past . 
 in the old days she would have had to push her way through the crowd , stopping every few feet to talk with someone . 
 there had been times that it had taken her a half an hour just to make it to the door . 
 not any longer . 
 now the crowd parted for her as if she were a highly contagious leper they wanted no part of . 
 cassie kept her face impassive , and her chin high . 
 it was only high school , she continuously told herself . 
 she only had a little over seven months left , and she still had her best friends , and devon . 
 though that thought helped to ease some of the hurt , it did not make it go away . 
 she would never get used to being hated . 
 she would never get used to people that she had considered friends turning against her so quickly , and so easily . 
 it was like a knife to the heart , and especially to the back . 
 shoving through the double glass doors , cassie greedily inhaled gulps of the refreshing , crisp air . 
 the doors closed behind her , blocking most of the ringing and voices , leaving her in the near blissful silence of the outdoor eating area . 
 the two tables of people still outside glanced up at her , surprise and amusement crossed their features before they turned back to each other . 
 cassie turned to ignore them , but her attention was snagged by one of the girls with blood red hair , tinted at the ends with neon green . 
 eyes narrowing , she tried to place the girl , knowing that she had seen her before . 
 her mind tripped along , going over features and memories . 
 then , it locked into place . 
 she had been one of dani 's smoking friends the day cassie had first met dani in the bathroom , and she had been one of the girl 's that dani had joined in the hallway . 
 but where was dani ? 
 cassie scanned the crowd again , but she did not see the tiny girl amongst them . 
 turning back to the restaurant , she searched the packed , bright interior . 
 if dani was more than ten feet in there , cassie was not going to see her . 
 maybe she had decided not to come out tonight ? 
 or perhaps she was in the restaurant . 
 though she tried to assure herself that both of these things were possible , cassie could not shake the feeling that neither explanation was right . 
 narrowing her eyes , she scanned the dark night . 
 the roads winding through the center of town were empty of all but a few souls mingling outside of the bars , smoking or talking loudly . 
 cassie watched them for a moment , knowing that they would be prime targets for julian , though she suspected that he wanted to do more damage than they would offer . 
 julian wanted to attack cassie , chris , melissa , and devon . 
 going after high school students would be the best way to do that . 
 a shiver ran down cassie 's spine , the hair on the nape of her neck stood on end as her thoughts returned once more to dani . 
 turning in the other direction she studied the darkened sidewalk that led to the outskirts of town , the cemetery , and the woods . 
 her eyes narrowed as she strained to see as much as possible through the thick night . 
 her vision blurred slightly from the pounding in her head , then suddenly snapped into sharp focus . 
 at the far end of the sidewalk , moving slowly along , she could just barely make out the form of someone taking a right into the dark woods . 
 a perfect target for julian . 
 cassie 's heart leapt into her throat , her chest constricted as panic tore through her . 
 spinning back to the restaurant , she was not surprised to see melissa lurking by the door , trying to look preoccupied with the gumball machine . 
 it was a machine melissa hit up every time they left b 's and s 's , but they were n't ready to leave . 
 in fact , cassie was willing to bet their food had n't even arrived yet . 
 however , she could not find the energy to be annoyed . 
 she was far too relieved to see melissa for that . 
 she banged swiftly on the glass , gaining more attention than she wanted . 
 melissa 's eyes darted to her , widening slightly and then narrowing sharply . 
 cassie pointed toward the sidewalk , but did n't wait to tell melissa more . 
 turning , she sprinted past the group gathered by the picnic tables , heading swiftly toward the road . 
 `` hey , stay away from her you freak ! '' 
 one of the boys yelled after her . 
 cassie fought back a bitter laugh , they were n't worried enough about dani to stop her from walking home on her own , but they were worried that cassie would bother her . 
 she reached the sidewalk ; she skidded around a corner as her sneakers briefly lost traction on the dew dampened surface . 
 regaining her balance , cassie kept her eyes locked on the woods , trying to pinpoint the exact spot where dani had entered . 
 a small path made its way into the forest ; a few freshly broken branches snagged her attention . 
 bolting into the forest , cassie tore down the path , shoving branches out of her way as she easily avoided obstacles . 
 a chill of apprehension raced down her spine causing goose bumps to break out on her flesh . 
 she had placed herself in danger , she knew that , but she needed to get to dani . 
 she had to find the girl , she had to protect her . 
 she had to make sure that dani was safe before julian arrived . 
 and he would arrive , she was certain of that . 
 *** devon sat stiffly in the booth , agitated that he could no longer see cassie . 
 melissa had volunteered to keep an eye on her , citing that her favorite gumballs were by the front door so it might not look as obvious if she went . 
 chris had added that cassie would be angered and upset if she felt she was being babysat . 
 devon had n't wanted to care about that fact , her safety did come first after all , but he found himself unwilling to upset her in anyway . 
 so in the end he had relented , but he was not happy about it . 
 they had sent melissa up with two dollars and seventy five cents worth of quarters , plenty to keep her occupied for a little while . 
 slipping her first quarter in , devon watched as the red ball made its way through a series of ramps , dips , traps , and holes in the intricate machine . 
 he had to admit it was interesting to watch and he could see why melissa liked it . 
 if it had been at any other point in time , he would n't have minded watching the thing for awhile . 
 but right now all he wanted was cassie back at his side , where he knew that she was safe . 
 he shifted uncomfortably , his gaze darting briefly to the window at his side , but he could n't see her from this angle . 
 he could see a group of teenagers gathered around two tables . 
 they were dressed in dark clothes ; their hair was dyed different colors , and they had an array of piercings covering them . 
 the group glanced back toward the doorway , confirming that cassie was still there as they bent close to each other , whispering softly before glancing at her again . 
 devon sighed heavily , running a hand through his hair as he fought the urge to stand up and storm out after her . 
 if she wanted to be outside , fine , but he wanted her within eyesight , and where he was within arm 's reach of her . 
 `` she 'll be fine , '' chris said softly . 
 devon shot him a look , not relieved by his reassurances . 
 he knew cassie , she did n't think before she acted . 
 she just reacted . 
 it had almost gotten her killed a couple of days ago , and he was not willing to take that chance again . 
 chris chuckled softly , drawing devon 's ire and agitation back to him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked irritably . 
 chris lifted a dark blond brow , his sapphire eyes twinkled with amusement . 
 `` it 's a relief to have someone else helping to watch over her , and to share in my frustration . 
 i 've been watching over her for the past seventeen years and it has n't been fun . '' 
 devon scowled at him as chris grinned merrily -lrb- annoyingly -rrb- back . 
 `` she is stubborn , '' he mumbled . 
 `` ha ! '' 
 chris barked loudly , chuckling softly . 
 `` that 's the understatement of the century ! '' 
 devon found himself grinning back at the boy , amused by his easy going nature and cheer . 
 he liked chris , but since his vampirism had been revealed , there had remained a fierce tension between them . 
 mainly from chris , as he tried to figure out if devon could be trusted . 
 now it seemed as if chris had decided to throw caution to the wind , either that , or he was going to rely on cassie 's instincts . 
 `` hey guys . '' 
 devon and chris 's smiles faded , they exchanged a pointed look as marcy appeared at their side . 
 smiling brightly , she tossed back her long , coffee colored hair . 
 she had made a full , speedy recovery from julian 's attack . 
 `` how are you tonight ? '' 
 stony silence followed her question , and then chris heaved a soft sigh . 
 `` we 're good marcy , you ? '' 
 marcy shrugged a dainty shoulder , her leaf green eyes scanning them . 
 desire radiated from her as she leaned closer . 
 `` i 'm feeling better after that attack , but it was still the scariest thing ever . '' 
 she shuddered , wrapping her arms around herself . 
 `` someone should kill that animal . '' 
 before they had left the hospital , devon had altered marcy 's memory of the attack , leaving her with a foggy recollection of a wild coyote rather than julian . 
 `` yes , they should , '' devon agreed his attention fully focusing on melissa again . 
 he really did not want to encourage more conversation with marcy , but she was right , someone should destroy that animal . 
 and he was going to be the one to do it . 
 marcy sighed softly , and then very indiscreetly sat next to devon . 
 he shot a dark look at her as she squiggled slightly , trying to push him over . 
 he refused to budge . 
 her leaf green eyes narrowed , but it was obvious that she was not moving . 
 resting her hands on her knees , she perched precariously on the edge of the seat as a few other girls began to make their way toward the booth . 
 apparently the absence of cassie and melissa was an open invite to them . 
 one that devon desperately wanted to close . 
 chris 's jaw locked , his eyes darkened as he briefly met devon 's gaze once more . 
 devon shook his head , unsure what to do . 
 he did n't want to dump marcy on her ass , but when cassie came back she was going to be hurt by what was going on . 
 and if it came between the two , marcy was going to end up on the floor . 
 the other girls hovered around them , grinning and whispering to each other as they giggled softly . 
 chris lifted an eyebrow , as he shook his head at devon in disbelief . 
 `` amazing , '' he muttered . 
 `` venus flytrap , '' devon reminded him . 
 `` what is ? '' 
 marcy asked , indiscreetly pressing her br ** sts against his arm . 
 disgust boiled through devon as he jerked his arm away , his eyes narrowing fiercely . 
 `` do n't , '' he growled in warning . 
 marcy 's eyes widened in surprise and she moved back a little , but she did not remove herself completely . 
 instead , she turned her attention to chris , who was eyeing her like she was some kind of disgusting insect he wanted to stomp . 
 a blur of motion caught devon 's attention , his mouth dropped as shock hammered through him . 
 he watched in horror as cassie darted past the group of students by the table , moving with agility and grace , and a speed that left him frozen in disbelief as she raced down the road . 
 the cold stone of his heart seemed to lurch and twist as terror and anger tore through him . 
 `` son of a bitch ! '' 
 he snarled , slamming his hand on the table with such force that it shuddered , threatening to break . 
 chris glanced at him sharply , fear evident in his eyes . 
 he turned to the window , his mouth dropping . 
 `` move ! '' 
 marcy 's eyes widened in shock , but she did n't move out of his way . 
 unable to wait , and tired of the tiny girl , devon shoved his way out of the booth . 
 she stumbled , nearly falling to the ground , but somehow managing to keep herself upright . 
 she gaped at him , people stared at him in surprise , but he paid them no attention as he shoved his way through the thick crowd , ignoring all of their startled protests . 
 melissa was waving at them , jumping high to be seen over the top of the crowd . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 she cried before turning and rushing out the door . 
 she did n't need to tell him that . 
 grasping hold of the banister , he swung himself over the side of the stairs in order to avoid the group gathered upon them . 
 landing gracefully , he shoved past the few remaining people in his way and bolted out the door . 
 cassie was disappearing into the woods already , barreling her way through the trees and ground cover . 
 terror tore through him as she disappeared from sight . 
 fighting back the fierce , almost consuming urge to bolt after her at full speed , it took all he had to keep his powers under control as he burst free of the restaurant . 
 though he was powerful , he could not alter all the memories of the human 's within , and they could not afford to let the humans see him . 
 racing past the startled group by the picnic tables , he chased after melissa . 
 he could hear chris behind him , right on his heels as their feet slapped over the sidewalk . 
 as soon as he got free of prying eyes , he would catch her , and he very well might kill her himself when he did . 
 chapter 9 cassie ignored the briar that caught hold of her hair , ripping it out . 
 wincing slightly , she continued to bolt forward . 
 tearing past a large elm , relief filled her as dani 's dark head came into view . 
 `` dani ! 
 dani ! '' 
 the girl turned in surprise , her large hazel eyes widening as she caught sight of cassie racing toward her like a crazy banshee . 
 in the light of the full moon the red in her hair was the color of blood , it was an omen that caused cassie to shiver . 
 leaping over a rotten log , she halted before the girl , panting slightly from her rapid sprint . 
 `` cassie ? 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 dani demanded in surprise . 
 the beam of her flashlight splashed across cassie 's face , momentarily blinding her . 
 blinking rapidly , cassie knew she looked ridiculous , but did n't care . 
 she inhaled deeply , letting the air rush gratefully into her tortured lungs . 
 `` i saw you walking and thought i 'd walk with you , '' she lied poorly . 
 dani lifted a dark eyebrow questioningly , her gold flecked eyes doubtful . 
 `` you ran all the way here to walk with me ? '' 
 cassie took another breath . 
 `` after the animal attacks last week i did n't think you should be alone . '' 
 dani tilted her head to the side , a small smile quirked her full lips . 
 `` that 's nice of you , but i walk this way every night . 
 and i can take care of myself . '' 
 cassie did n't doubt that she could , at least with normal things , but dani had no idea what hunted these woods now . 
 glancing nervously around , cassie searched intently for any sign of something lurking within the shadows . 
 she used every ounce of her power to search the dark night , trying to pick up waves of julian 's evil . 
 though she came up empty , she was not fooled into thinking that he was not around . 
 he was powerful enough to keep her blocked out if he chose . 
 `` still thought it would be better if you had some company . '' 
 dani shrugged a dainty shoulder , turning slightly away . 
 `` well come along , the path is better up here . 
 i 'm surprised to see you without devon . '' 
 cassie glanced over her shoulder , hoping that he was n't far behind . 
 he was going to be infuriated with her , but that was a wrath she was willing to face . 
 `` i 'm sure he 'll be here , '' she mumbled softly . 
 dani shot her a questioning look as they stepped onto a well worn , much easier to traverse path . 
 cassie carefully studied each direction of the trail . 
 as far as she could see , it was clear . 
 `` cassie are you ok ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 she glanced back down the path , her eyes narrowing as they moved steadily along . 
 dani kept the beam of her light focused a few feet before her , but cassie relied more on the light of the moon as she wearily watched the pathway . 
 turning to look behind her , she was dismayed to see that devon , chris , and melissa were still nowhere in sight . 
 she had no doubt that they had come after her , but had they somehow lost her in the woods ? 
 eyes narrowed , she turned back , keeping a fierce look out . 
 a chill swept down her spine as shadows danced and swayed over the path . 
 the skeletal branches clicked in the night , their noise cold and desolate sounding . 
 cassie 's heart hammered , panic tore through her as a crushing sense of impending doom settled over her . 
 she could hear nothing but the creaking of the branches . 
 it was too quiet ; no animals scurried through the woods , nothing moved within the underbrush . 
 there was a far bigger predator out there tonight , hunting the woods . 
 hunting them . 
 swallowing heavily , cassie tried to push down her rising panic . 
 she had to keep her wits , if they were going to survive this . 
 she took a step closer to dani . 
 dani shot her a questioning , confused look as she shook her head slightly . 
 `` you seem awfully jumpy tonight , are you sure you 're ok ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 a branch snapped loudly . 
 cassie jumped as it crashed through the woods , tearing more branches free as it hurtled to the ground . 
 instinctively she grabbed hold of dani 's arm , pulling her closer as she studied the forest . 
 `` there 's someone out there , '' dani said softly , her voice wavering slightly . 
 cassie pulled her back a step , she wanted to turn and flee , dragging dani through the woods with her . 
 she would have too , if she thought there was any chance of them being able to get away . 
 `` just stay by me , '' she whispered . 
 a flurry of motion on her right caused cassie to spin . 
 a blur raced at them , so swiftly that it nearly blended in with the trees . 
 nearly became imperceptible to the human eye . 
 terror tearing through her , cassie shoved dani aside . 
 dani cried out in surprise as she fell to the ground , rolling away on the path . 
 cassie had only a moment to react as she swung out , slamming the palm of her hand upward . 
 julian 's head snapped back , blood burst over her , spraying across her face as his long teeth bit sharply into his lower lip and his nose shattered . 
 cassie jerked back in surprise as the warm liquid washed over her . 
 julian grunted slightly , but his attack did not slow . 
 arms wrapping tight around her waist , he jerked her to the side as they fell to the ground in a tumbled heap . 
 a startled cry escaped as they rolled over , bouncing hard across the path . 
 reacting on pure instinct , cassie pulled her legs up against her chest and wedged them against julian 's hard body . 
 terror and adrenaline washed through her as she pushed up with all her might , trying desperately to dislodge him . 
 julian growled with rage as he was flipped off her . 
 rolling away , cassie bounded gracefully to her feet . 
 she darted away , heading back toward dani , desperate to escape , desperate to survive . 
 dani stood at the edge of the path , her mouth parted slightly , her eyes wide with fear . 
 `` run ! '' 
 cassie screamed at her . 
 dani 's terrified gaze swung toward her as another blur raced out of the woods . 
 cassie caught a brief glance of blood red eyes and elongated teeth as devon rushed swiftly past her . 
 rumbling growls echoed through the woods as he collided with julian , who had been coming back after her . 
 devon seized hold of him , slamming him into the ground . 
 they rolled as they clawed and tore at each other , murderous snarls of rage echoed throughout the forest . 
 the smell of blood filled the air . 
 cassie shuddered , turning back around , unable to leave devon alone with the monster . 
 she knew that she should flee , but she could not . 
 devon rolled , bounding back to his feet as julian knocked him aside . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 she cried , shocked by the blood oozing from the jagged slices in his magnificent face . 
 his gaze swung toward her , the blood color of his eyes was startling and frightening . 
 his face was twisted , his teeth extended sharply over his bottom lip . 
 he looked like a monster , but he was still the person that she loved , and she could n't leave him here . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he growled at her . 
 she took an involuntary step back . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he bellowed when she moved no further . 
 cassie jumped in surprise , tears pooled in her eyes as hopelessness filled her . 
 his gaze swung away from her as julian went at him again . 
 they fell together , snarling and growling as they tore at each other with the ferocity of savage animals . 
 cassie 's ears rang with the noise as it hammered into her head . 
 a large locust tree shuddered , rocking forcefully as devon slammed julian against it . 
 a jagged tear raced up the trunk , cracking as it tore up it . 
 melissa and chris burst onto the path , their eyes wide with horror as they took in the battle before them . 
 `` move ! '' 
 cassie screamed at them , snapping them out of the daze that held them riveted . 
 bolting across the path , they skidded to a halt beside dani . 
 devon slammed julian into the tree again . 
 the crack gave way with a loud snap that echoed throughout the forest . 
 devon and julian were forced from each other as the tree fell with a resounding boom that shook the earth . 
 devon bounced across the ground , landing feet away from cassie . 
 she moved swiftly toward him , needing to help him . 
 he was back on his feet before she could reach him . 
 he bolted forward , colliding with julian again . 
 numbed with terror and horror cassie could only watch helplessly as they tore at each with the frenzied savagery of feral , rabid animals . 
 the earth beneath her feet began to rumble , a strange pulsing energy suddenly came from it . 
 cassie gazed down in shock as the earth seemed to heave , pulsating with an odd new rhythm that was frightening as well as energizing . 
 her mouth parted slightly as a beat began to rise from the dirt , throbbing up her legs and making its way down her arms . 
 cassie looked up in surprise as the earth seemed to explode with a current of electricity that rocked her back a step . 
 eyes widening in terror cassie watched in horror as devon and julian were shot backward , bouncing across the ground like ping pong balls . 
 they both remained limp , knocked unconscious by the bolt that had slammed into them . 
 cassie gasped , choking on her terror as she raced to devon 's side . 
 falling beside him , she tore at him , grasping at his lifeless body . 
 instinctively , she rested her hand on his chest , searching for a heartbeat but finding none . 
 she panicked for a moment , until she recalled that he would n't have a heartbeat anyway . 
 it took a few moments for it to fully sink in that he was still alive , though he did not breathe , there was a life energy pulsating from him . 
 mouth gaping , cassie looked slowly around the eerily quiet pathway , unable to understand what had just happened , or where the strange energy had come from . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 chris whispered , astonishment choking his voice . 
 if it had n't been so frightening and shocking , cassie would have laughed when she looked at him . 
 his shaggy blond hair was standing on end . 
 it looked as if someone had just rubbed a balloon over the top of it . 
 his arms were raised at his sides , the hair standing up as he looked at them in astonishment . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 he demanded more fiercely . 
 melissa stood beside him , her hair not quite as bad as it was in a tight braid , but a few strands of it were standing up . 
 melissa looked just as stunned as chris as her gaze slowly moved toward dani , her body shifting slightly . 
 dani stared back at them , her eyes wide , her mouth parted in horror as she bashfully met their gazes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to , '' she whispered . 
 cassie gaped at her for a moment , unable to believe that the tiny girl had done this . 
 `` you did this ? '' 
 cassie inquired sharply , her hands clenching tighter on devon 's motionless body . 
 dani nodded slowly , looking close to tears . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered again . 
 `` is he going to be ok ? '' 
 dani 's gaze darted over to her , falling briefly on devon . 
 confusion flitted over her face , but she did not look at all surprised , or horrified over what had just happened . 
 a numbing knowledge settled over cassie as she leaned closer to devon , her hand stroking over his battered face as she prepared to defend him to the death . 
 even if it was against one of her own kind . 
 dani nodded slowly , her gaze flickering back to cassie as she tried to sort out what she was witnessing . 
 `` he should be fine . '' 
 `` should be ? '' 
 cassie hissed . 
 `` should be !? '' 
 `` cassie , '' chris said gently , giving up on calming his hair down . 
 cassie took a deep breath , trying to compose herself as her attention returned to devon . 
 though he remained immobile , the jagged wounds in his cheek had already begun to heal . 
 she could practically see the muscle reattaching itself as the blood dried on him . 
 the scent of his blood was strong , hinting of spices and power . 
 even in his bloodied and unconscious state he was still magnificent , and he was hers . 
 a protective urge surged through her as she bent closer to him . 
 she needed him to wake up , needed him to come back to her . 
 and she needed it to happen soon . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 dani looked sheepishly around , her gaze landing everywhere but on them . 
 `` it 's ... it 's an electric pulse , '' she answered shakily . 
 then her gaze focused on cassie , her eyes narrowed sharply . 
 `` why are you defending him ? 
 i thought they were our enemies ? '' 
 melissa and chris looked nervously at cassie before turning their attention back to dani . 
 `` you do n't know it all , '' cassie retorted . 
 `` and neither do we . '' 
 `` i think we need to get out of here , we can discuss this later , '' melissa interjected softly , her gaze darting to julian 's prone figure fifty feet down the path . 
 he had been further away from the blast then devon , did that mean he would wake faster ? 
 cassie 's hand twitched to the stake at her side , her mind and heart hammered with the possibility of destroying him now , of ending the misery of so many people . 
 could she get down there in time ? 
 `` how long does it last ? '' 
 she inquired softly . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 melissa hissed in warning . 
 dani licked her lips nervously as she glanced at julian . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know . 
 on normal people , '' she glanced wearily at them again , seeming to understand that they were not normal . 
 in fact , cassie thought dani knew exactly what they were , just as they knew exactly what she was . 
 there was going to be a lot of explaining to do once they were out of this situation . 
 `` it can last an hour or two , depending on the strength of the blast . 
 on them , '' her gaze darted over devon and julian . 
 `` i have no idea , it varies . '' 
 cassie inhaled sharply , her attention returned to julian . 
 this could be their opportunity to stop it , to make it all end . 
 they could stop the murders and the suffering , end the fear they had lived with since julian had arrived . 
 she just did n't know if she would have time to get to him and kill him before he awoke . 
 `` can you shock him again ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 dani shook her head , her bright red highlights flashing in the light of the moon . 
 `` no . 
 i have little control over my ability ; it usually comes out when i 'm frightened . 
 i 've never been able to use it twice in the same day . '' 
 `` like a battery , '' chris whispered , still looking slightly awestruck . 
 when dani frowned fiercely at him , seeming a little insulted , he quickly explained himself . 
 `` you need time to recharge . '' 
 dani still did not look appeased as she shrugged . 
 `` i guess , '' she mumbled . 
 cassie glanced back at julian , twitching to get her hands on him , desperate to end it once and for all . 
 devon showed no sign of awakening any time soon . 
 would it be the same with julian ? 
 `` we can do it , '' she whispered . 
 `` no cassie ! '' 
 melissa said sharply . 
 `` we need to get to safety . 
 we need to get devon to safety , '' she added more pointedly . 
 reluctantly tearing her gaze away from julian 's body , cassie shifted , adjusting herself as she slid her arm under devon 's shoulders . 
 melissa was right ; devon was her number one concern right now . 
 she could not take the chance of him being hurt tonight , nor could she take the chance of julian awakening anytime soon and coming after him in this vulnerable state . 
 `` give me a hand chris ! '' 
 she ordered briskly , her heart hammering with her desperate need to get devon out of here . 
 he hurried forward , his gaze still wearily on julian as he bent to help cassie . 
 it took a few moments but they finally got devon to his feet . 
 draping his arms over their shoulders , they drug him toward dani and melissa . 
 cassie 's hand clenched tightly on devon 's waist , needing to touch him as fear for all of them raced through her . 
 `` we need to hurry , '' melissa said urgently , her onyx eyes darting anxiously back to julian . 
 though her dark eyes did not reveal a recent vision , cassie knew melissa 's instincts were highly honed because of her premonitions . 
 cassie 's heart hammered even harder as she glanced over her shoulder , julian still had not moved . 
 they shuffled as swiftly down the path as they could while dragging devon between them . 
 dani wound easily along , her flashlight bouncing across the trail , flashing off the eyes of a fox as it darted into the woods . 
 cassie was relieved to note the return of the wildlife , surely that meant that julian was still safely unconscious . 
 did n't it ? 
 cassie scanned the forest continuously , searching for any hint of his return in the shadowed interior . 
 `` just a little further , '' dani whispered . 
 devon twitched suddenly , his hand tightened upon her shoulder . 
 cassie stiffened , her heart hammered as adrenaline shot through her . 
 `` faster , '' chris urged . 
 `` go faster . '' 
 they broke into a slow trot , dani and melissa moved swifter without the added burden of devon 's weight . 
 a deer bolted through the forest , the loud crashing of its passing reverberated around them . 
 `` oh , '' cassie breathed , forcing herself to ignore the growing ache in her shoulders , back , and legs as she tried to move faster . 
 the eerie silence returned once more , a pall hung over the shadows . 
 `` melissa ! '' 
 melissa turned back to her , rushing to her side . 
 `` take him , '' cassie urged . 
 melissa 's dark eyes scanned her worriedly , but she did not refuse as she slid easily into cassie 's place . 
 cassie was reluctant to release devon , but she needed to be ready to fight . 
 she was the strongest of them ; she had to be free when julian came back . 
 though , she was not fooled into thinking that she was strong enough to defeat julian . 
 she quickly tried to bury that thought ; fear would do her no good here , not now anyway . 
 `` keep going . '' 
 `` we 're not leaving you here ! '' 
 chris said forcefully . 
 `` go ! '' 
 cassie snapped . 
 the hair on the back of her neck stood on end , goose bumps broke out on her arms . 
 julian was coming . 
 she turned , bracing herself for the attack , resting on the tips of her toes as she bounced slightly up and down . 
 `` get him to safety , '' she urged . 
 `` please chris , he 's the only hope we have of destroying julian . '' 
 chris swore vehemently . 
 `` i 'll take him , '' dani whispered . 
 cassie did not look back as more rustling ensued . 
 chris appeared at her side , his sapphire eyes dark as he briefly met her gaze . 
 `` go , '' she urged , not willing to lose her best friend . 
 `` no , '' he said simply . 
 cassie did n't argue further , there was no need . 
 it would do no good . 
 they began to back slowly down the path together , keeping an eye out for any sign of movement . 
 she glanced over her shoulder relieved to see that dani and melissa had disappeared around a bend with devon . 
 `` run , '' she whispered . 
 they turned and fled down the path , their feet moving swiftly over the ground as they raced forward . 
 the hairs on her neck stood up , she could almost feel julian breathing down her neck . 
 his fury pushed her harder and faster than she had ever run before . 
 reaching out , she grabbed hold of chris 's arm as he started to lag behind . 
 a surge of strength , she had never known she could possess , swept through her as she dragged him along with her , refusing to lose him to the monster chasing them . 
 she pushed chris in front of her , urging him faster , pushing him with her hands . 
 they rounded another corner , dani and melissa came back into sight , devon was still dragging between them . 
 panic spurted through her . 
 `` go ! '' 
 she screamed , her voice raw with terror and urgency . 
 something brushed against the back of her neck ; an involuntary cry of distress tore from her as ice filled her veins . 
 they were n't going to outrun him , it was impossible . 
 he was too strong , too determined to destroy them . 
 turning another corner the woods suddenly gave way to a large , dark field . 
 the bright moon bounced off the tall , wild grass that filled it . 
 julian was right on top of her , playing with her as his breath brushed over her once more . 
 she could almost feel his laughter ; she could feel the enjoyment he took in tormenting her , playing with her like a cat with a mouse . 
 fury spurted through her ; she hated to be played with . 
 cassie decided to meet him head on ; she would not run from him anymore , she would not give him the satisfaction of tormenting her . 
 cassie spun and planted her feet as she braced herself for the attack . 
 there was nothing behind her , but cool air and dark night . 
 but she knew that he was there , she could feel his eyes upon her , feel his glee over the moment . 
 he would be coming for her , soon . 
 the soft breeze tickled her hair , blowing it gently across her face . 
 it was the only thing that moved in the still night . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 chris bellowed . 
 the woods exploded with movement . 
 leaves and branches shredded from the trees , billowing outward as a blur raced toward her . 
 cassie 's eyes widened , she could feel the fury and hunger pounding against her . 
 she became hollow and empty inside , her veins filled with ice as the blue eyes of death rushed at her , a merry twinkle in their cold depths . 
 a startled cry escaped her as arms suddenly ensnared her from behind , pulling her tight in a strong embrace . 
 `` down , '' a voice hissed in her ear . 
 she ducked down as devon bent over her , using his body to shield her from the blow that swiftly followed . 
 a grunt of pain escaped him as he was knocked forward , pushing her to her knees as he remained folded perfectly over her . 
 cassie shuddered , shaking with fear as she waited for the attack to come again . 
 devon stood slowly , pulling her gently up with him . 
 she clung to his hard body , savoring in the feel of him awake and alive as she struggled to catch her breath . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 she demanded , lifting her face to study him . 
 devon was scanning the dark night , his face hard and cold . 
 his eyes narrowed ferociously as he stood protectively against her . 
 `` gone . '' 
 cassie searched the area , trying to find any sign of julian , but he did appear to be gone . 
 shuddering again she buried her face in devon 's chest , trying desperately to forget all the awful events of the night , knowing that he was the only one that could keep the horror at bay . 
 his arms wrapped tightly around her , his hand snaking up her neck as he buried it in her hair . 
 `` it 's ok now , '' he whispered reassuringly . 
 cassie nodded , but she could n't stop the shudders that racked her . 
 so close , they had all come so close to dying tonight . 
 and if there was one thing she was not ready to do , it was die . 
 not now , not anytime soon . 
 now that devon was in her life , she had every intention of staying around for as long as possible . 
 for as long as they could be together anyway . 
 the thought sent fresh terror tearing through her ; she buried herself tighter against him , clinging to him as she savored in his strength , warmth , and comfort . 
 he turned his face into her hair , inhaling deeply . 
 his grip on her tightened , his hold going swiftly from one of protection to one of desire and hunger . 
 despite her terror and confusion , cassie reacted to him instantly as need for him shook her . 
 his hand tightened on her hair , his body trembled . 
 she knew that she should pull away , that she was only rattling his control , but she could not move . 
 she could not release him and step away . 
 she needed him too much for that right now ; she had nearly lost him tonight , nearly lost her own life . 
 she could not let him go . 
 his mouth turned into her neck , his shaking increased as his lips brushed over her skin . 
 clinging tighter to him , her body became limp as he pressed butterfly kisses against her flesh . 
 cassie could not stop the gasp that escaped her ; her hands clung tighter to his arms as her knees went completely limp . 
 his strong arm around her waist kept her on her feet as he supported her weight . 
 grass rustled as footsteps rapidly approached . 
 devon pulled away from her , his body tightened at the sound , tension hummed through him . 
 his hands clenched on her , but this time it was not with desire but frustration and anger . 
 his gaze met hers briefly , his eyes flashed between their beautiful emerald color and a volatile red . 
 cassie rested her hand lightly upon his cheek , hoping to soothe the monster within him as she wiped away his dried blood . 
 the gashes in his cheek were completely healed , the small scratches disappearing before her eyes . 
 his healing ability was startling and amazing . 
 with a soft sigh he dropped his forehead to hers . 
 `` cassie , '' he breathed . 
 `` my cassie . '' 
 `` yes , '' she agreed , knowing that it was so very true . 
 she was his , she would always be his . 
 she was forever lost to him . 
 `` are you trying to get yourself killed ? '' 
 cassie shook her head . 
 `` i ca n't lose you it would destroy me . '' 
 her hand tightened on his cheek as tears burned the backs of her eyes and throat . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 cassie lost herself to the beauty of his emerald eyes . 
 they burned with a fiery intensity that left her speechless and frozen . 
 in those eyes she could feel , and see , the endless depth of his love for her , and just exactly how much he did need her . 
 she suddenly understood his obsessive and overbearing desire to keep her protected , because he would not survive her death . 
 she swallowed back her tears , her heart hammered with an answering need that left her shaken . 
 in that moment , she gladly would have given him anything that he wanted from her , and more . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 chris demanded , skidding to a halt as he burst free of the grass , shattering the web that had enshrouded the two of them . 
 `` fine , '' cassie said , stroking devon 's face once more before turning to face the three of them . 
 she could feel devon 's impatience and aggravation over being interrupted . 
 he kept his arm firmly around her waist , refusing to release her . 
 `` are you guys ok ? '' 
 `` yes , '' melissa answered . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` gone , '' devon answered flatly . 
 `` but why would he just leave like that ? 
 he gave up too easily . '' 
 they all turned to devon , their gazes questioning as they studied him . 
 he lifted an eyebrow in amusement . 
 `` if he stayed he would have had to take on a vampire more powerful than him , and four hunters . 
 there was n't much thought required in abandoning his quest , especially with a grounder present . '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 melissa , cassie , and chris asked in confusion . 
 he nodded toward dani . 
 her head was bowed , her dark hair falling around her shoulders . 
 heat crept up her face as she studied her sneakers . 
 `` a grounder . 
 i am right , am i not ? '' 
 devon inquired softly . 
 dani nodded , lifting her head slightly to look at them . 
 `` yes , you 're right . '' 
 `` what the hell is a grounder ? '' 
 chris inquired sharply . 
 `` do you want to tell them , or shall i ? '' 
 dani shook her head , turning her attention back to her sneakers . 
 `` a grounder is a vampire , or hunter , that can pull energy from the earth , turning it into an electrical current that they release in a burst of power . 
 it 's meant to stun the prey , though sometimes it kills . '' 
 cassie inhaled sharply ; chris and melissa took a swift step away from dani as their eyes turned weary and distrustful . 
 dani glanced up sharply , her eyes revealing her hurt . 
 `` i 've never killed anyone , '' she replied defensively . 
 `` no , that is rare , and it usually involves someone with a lot of power . 
 but you are new to yours . 
 what are you fifteen , sixteen ? '' 
 `` fifteen , '' dani whispered . 
 devon nodded , shifting his hold on cassie . 
 `` you 're still young and inexperienced . 
 with time your emotions wo n't control your ability , you will . '' 
 `` but she could kill us ? '' 
 melissa asked her jaw set firmly as she studied dani . 
 `` no , since you are all hunter 's you are not affected by her ability . 
 you can withstand it . 
 you can not withstand a vampire with the same ability , just as julian and i can not completely withstand dani . 
 next time , julian will be more prepared for her though . 
 she will not knock either of us out again . 
 if dani and a vampire grounder come up against each other , they can mostly withstand the attack of the other . 
 though they will get banged and singed up . '' 
 `` singed ? '' 
 cassie asked softly . 
 devon held up his arms , revealing the healing burns that marred his skin . 
 cassie gasped as she gently seized hold of him , twisting his arms in horror . 
 the burns ran all the way up to his shoulder , disappearing beneath his shirt , though she knew that they would also be there . 
 the hair on his arms was singed and for the first time she noticed the smell of it on him . 
 she turned back to dani , her eyes narrowing fiercely . 
 `` i did n't know , '' dani whispered . 
 `` i did n't mean to , i was frightened . '' 
 `` it 's ok , '' devon assured her , his hand stroked soothingly against cassie 's skin . 
 though his touch calmed her , her protective urges were still running high . 
 `` do you guys know nothing of your heritage ? 
 of your people ? '' 
 cassie shot him a look , chris scowled fiercely at him . 
 melissa was studying the forest , her forehead furrowed slightly . 
 she knew far more than cassie and chris about their heritage , but apparently this little bit of info had somehow been left out . 
 luther 's biggest pet peeve with chris and cassie was that they did n't want to know their history . 
 they did n't want to hear the stories of lore and legend that surrounded their heritage . 
 cassie had always been resentful of it ; chris was bored by it . 
 melissa had grown up with luther though ; he had been teaching her their history since she was a child . 
 melissa also believed that because she lived so much in the future , it was good to know the past in order to stay better grounded in the present . 
 the study of their history , any history , helped to pull melissa free of a world that was comprised mostly of tomorrows . 
 `` chris and i do n't know much , '' cassie admitted reluctantly . 
 devon frowned forcefully at her , looking slightly annoyed by her answer . 
 `` dani ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 she shrugged , looking even more uncomfortable as she shifted uneasily . 
 `` yes , i know some of it , '' dani said softly . 
 `` my brother has taught me . '' 
 `` your brother ? '' 
 cassie inquired , taking a small step toward her . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` at home . '' 
 she glanced at devon , then back at dani . 
 `` i think we should go meet him , and we need to speak with luther . '' 
 `` very good idea , '' devon agreed . 
 `` who is luther ? '' 
 dani inquired . 
 `` our guardian , '' melissa answered . 
 dani 's eyes widened in surprise , hope sprang forth in them . 
 `` you have a guardian ? '' 
 she asked eagerly . 
 `` yes , '' cassie answered , her ire over devon 's injuries fading in the face of dani 's hope . 
 `` he 's a good man . '' 
 `` maybe this time we 'll even listen to him , '' chris said softly , looking slightly chagrined as he kicked his shoe in the dirt . 
 `` would be helpful , '' devon muttered . 
 he stepped around her , his hand remaining tight in hers as he glanced over the field , studying the dark night as he searched for julian once more . 
 a startled gasp of horror escaped her ; her hand flew to her mouth as she saw the gaping , jagged wounds crisscrossing his back . 
 blood stained the back of his shirt , causing it to cling to the torn edges of his skin . 
 nausea boiled up in her throat , her stomach somersaulted violently . 
 she recalled the jolt that had pushed them to their knees . 
 hatred boiled through her as she realized that julian had done this to him . 
 devon had taken the blow meant for her ; a blow that would have flayed her open , possibly even killed her . 
 he had sacrificed himself in order to save her . 
 her heart swelled and ached , her love for him grew . 
 she had n't thought it was possible to love him even more , she knew now that it was . 
 it filled her completely , nearly bursting from her as it surged up in powerful waves that pulsed through her veins , warming her to the tips of her toes . 
 `` your back , '' she whispered . 
 he glanced at her , his eyes bright in the light of the full moon . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 she reached toward him , needing to comfort him , needing to touch him in order to try and ease the pain she knew he had to be in . 
 seizing hold of her hand , he subtly shook his head . 
 `` it 's ok , '' he said softly . 
 `` it will heal soon . '' 
 tears slid slowly down her cheeks . 
 she hated his pain , hated the need that still radiated from him , the hunger that blazed from his eyes . 
 he had been wounded badly , lost a lot of blood , and although his face was completely healed and his back was well on its way , it was obvious that the battle had drained him . 
 the burns still marring his skin had not helped his energy level either . 
 sensing her distress , he pulled her a step closer and wrapped his arm around her waist as he kissed her forehead gently . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' he assured her again . 
 `` i barely felt a thing . '' 
 she knew that he lied , but she did n't push him further , he would never admit his pain and he would do anything to keep her protected from it . 
 resting her head on his chest , she simply savored in the comfort of his body . 
 savored in the love that enveloped her like a warm cocoon . 
 dani was watching them in amazement , her eyes flickering back and forth questioningly . 
 `` i know , it 's confusing , '' chris said softly , turning away from them as he dropped an arm casually around her shoulders . 
 `` but he really is one of the good guys , strange as that sounds . 
 so , we 've found another hunter , there are four of us now . '' 
 `` five , '' melissa corrected . 
 `` dani 's brother . 
 we 'll definitely give julian a run for his money now . 
 it 's amazing that you live here also and we never even knew what you were . '' 
 dani looked shyly away . 
 `` we just moved here at the beginning of the year . '' 
 `` well that works for us ! '' 
 chris said jovially . 
 `` especially with that little zapping gift you have . 
 he may be one of the good guys but that was pretty impressive . '' 
 he shot a grin over his shoulder at devon who glowered back at him . 
 cassie shook her head , rolling her eyes at chris . 
 dani looked uncomfortable , and out of sorts . 
 `` it 's not all it 's cracked up to be , '' she mumbled . 
 `` especially when you ca n't control it . '' 
 cassie sensed more behind the words , a deep sadness . 
 her heart went out to the younger girl . 
 cassie did n't know the story of dani 's life , what she had been through , but she imagined that it had not been good . 
 chapter 10 dani 's brother , joey , paced restlessly back and forth in the confines of his small living room . 
 he was wearing the already bare carpet even thinner as he spun on his heel and paced back across the room . 
 his whipcord lean body was as taut as a bowstring ; his dark auburn hair was in disarray from running his fingers through it . 
 he was older , at twenty four , and probably one of the oldest hunter 's still alive . 
 melissa and chris watched him wearily , thrown off by the anger and tension radiating from him . 
 joey 's gaze darted to the open doorway , where devon was leaning casually against the frame ; his legs were crossed at the ankles as he idly watched the man . 
 though he appeared relaxed , tension hummed through devon , undermining his casual posture . 
 joey frowned fiercely at him , his scathing gaze raking over all of them before he returned to pacing . 
 joey refused to invite devon in , hence he was banished to the hallway , and none of them could really talk with the door open . 
 `` why do n't we go to my house , '' cassie suggested softly . 
 joey shot her a fierce look before shaking his head . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere that thing can go inside ! '' 
 he retorted sharply . 
 cassie 's eyes narrowed , her skin prickled against the assault on devon . 
 `` devon is on our side , '' luther said gently , and not for the first time , as he shot cassie a warning look . 
 `` none of them are on our side . 
 hell i do n't even think any of you are on our side ! '' 
 `` it 's true joey , '' dani said softly . 
 his eyes narrowed fiercely . 
 it was more than obvious he felt betrayed by his sister . 
 `` have you forgotten what they did to our family ? 
 to mom and dad and rachael . '' 
 `` rachael ? '' 
 luther inquired softly . 
 joey 's eyes darted to him , fury radiated from every inch of his body . 
 `` she was our sister . 
 they , '' he thrust a finger viciously at devon , who lifted an eyebrow slightly , but otherwise showed no reaction to the hatred directed at him . 
 `` murdered her . '' 
 cassie 's stomach twisted , nausea rolled through her as disgust washed over her . 
 it could so easily have been her or chris , and it would have been if chris 's dad had n't received premonitions also . 
 she glanced briefly at devon , but he remained unmoving , his face a stoic mask . 
 she wanted his comfort , but she sensed that he had shut down , that he had withdrawn from the accusations , and the brutal reminder of what he had once been . 
 of what he had once done to people . 
 he may not have been part of the slaughter , but at one point in his long life he had killed and tortured many people . 
 how many , she did not know , she was n't even sure if he knew . 
 she just wanted to live in the present , where he was good and loving , and hers . 
 his gaze came slowly to her , his eyes dark , cold , distant ; his jaw clenched tightly . 
 `` i barely got dani out of there alive , '' joey said more softly , his thoughts focused upon his bloody , horrid past . 
 dani was staring at her sneakers once more , her hands folded behind her back . 
 `` and i was only eleven . 
 do you know what it 's like to try and keep your sister alive when you are only eleven years old and living on the streets ? '' 
 he demanded sharply . 
 no one spoke . 
 cassie could not find words to offer him . 
 though she and melissa had lost their parents , and chris his father , they had all been lucky enough to have someone there to take care of them after . 
 luther had fled with melissa , cassie 's grandmother and chris 's mother had taken them to safety . 
 and although chris 's mother had retreated into a world of alcohol and drugs , cassie 's grandmother had been there to nurture and love him as they grew . 
 but to live on the streets , struggling to survive , trying to raise a baby was something that she could not even begin to fathom . 
 it must have been horrifying and completely terrifying . 
 her heart ached for him , and she began to understand why his hatred was so entrenched . 
 `` that must have been awful , '' she said gently . 
 joey 's fierce gaze snapped to her , his eyes narrowed with hatred . 
 devon shifted , his casual stance forgotten as he stepped away from the doorway . 
 `` awful does n't begin to describe it ! '' 
 joey snapped , fury radiating from every inch of him . 
 it was that anger that had devon on the defensive , though there was little he could do since he could n't enter the apartment . 
 `` you know nothing of what i went through . '' 
 `` we all had a hard time of it . '' 
 chris was trying to defuse the situation though he looked almost as agitated as devon . 
 joey snorted in disgust , tugging at his hair as he ran his hand tensely through it once more . 
 `` it must have been really hard for you with your homes , and your families . '' 
 `` joey , '' dani said softly , looking embarrassed and discomfited by her brother 's attitude . 
 `` they lost their families too . '' 
 `` not all of them ! '' 
 joey snapped out , his gaze disdainfully raking chris before turning on cassie . 
 a low growl emitted from devon , his hands fisted at his sides as he glared fiercely at joey . 
 `` i told you , animals , '' he sneered in disgust at devon . 
 `` cassie come here , '' devon ordered forcefully . 
 she wanted to bristle at his commanding tone , but he was near his snapping point . 
 though he could not enter the apartment , she was greatly afraid he would tear the building down if she did n't go to him . 
 glancing anxiously back and forth between him and joey , she was uncertain what she should do . 
 she did n't want to alienate joey any further , they would need him , but she did n't want devon 's control tested anymore than it already was . 
 devon was afraid that joey would hurt her , and it frustrated him that there was nothing he could do if joey attacked one of them . 
 he hated feeling helpless , and she was the only one that could ease that feeling , and reassure him that she was safe . 
 confusion tore through her as she glanced helplessly at luther , seeking some sort of guidance from the man who had been very much like a father to her . 
 he gave a subtle nod toward devon , though his eyes did not leave joey as he continued to pace restlessly . 
 for the first time she noticed that chris had been moving closer to melissa and luther , a distrusting gleam shone in his eyes . 
 it was chris 's reaction that upset her most . 
 he did n't trust joey . 
 `` cassie , '' devon growled again . 
 joey glared at her as she moved away from the back of the old couch , edging her way toward the door . 
 the moment she was partly past the frame , devon seized hold of her hand , pulling her sharply outside . 
 she gave him a disgruntled look that he chose to ignore as he pushed her behind him . 
 `` devon , '' she said angrily , not at all liking being relegated to the back . 
 he did n't even look at her , nor did he move . 
 cassie nudged him as she stepped around his back . 
 he put his arm in front of her , slamming it against the doorframe as he shot her a fierce look , his eyes briefly flaring a ruby red . 
 `` no ! '' 
 cassie blinked in surprise , she had seen his eyes red before , but it had never been directed at her . 
 though she knew he would never hurt her , he would hurt someone else if he lost control . 
 swallowing heavily , cassie rested a hand on his arm , hoping to ease some of his tension . 
 `` i 'm not going back in , '' she assured him , keeping her voice low so that joey could n't hear her . 
 he relaxed slightly , his hand falling away from the frame , though he did not allow her to go any further past him . 
 joey was glaring at her as if she were the worst form of human life , a distasteful thing that he wanted to stomp . 
 despite her intention to stand her ground , cassie found herself taking a small step back from the anger and hate blasting against her . 
 devon bristled , the corded muscles of his arms stood out sharply as his hands fisted . 
 his back was ramrod straight , the jagged tears in his shirt revealed that though blood still stained his back , the vicious wounds had completely healed . 
 cassie found herself fascinated by his amazing , shocking , healing abilities . 
 though , she was slightly unnerved by the sharp reminder that he was anything but human . 
 `` i think you should all leave , '' joey said briskly . 
 `` joey ! '' 
 dani cried her distress obvious as she leapt off the couch . 
 `` they 're like us ! 
 we 've found others . 
 that 's what we 've been searching for , hoping for . 
 you ca n't send them away . '' 
 `` they are not like us dani , they 're traitors . '' 
 dani glanced wildly around the room before her eyes landed pleadingly on her big brother . 
 `` no they are n't ! 
 no , cassie came after me . 
 she came after me to help me . 
 she was frightened for me ; she was trying to save me ! 
 if they had n't come , i would have died . 
 the real monster is still out there ! '' 
 he shook his head , his jaw set , and his eyes hard . 
 `` i do n't want them here . 
 i want nothing to do with people that have aligned themselves with our enemy . '' 
 dani seized hold of his arm , frantic to get through to him . 
 `` he saved her joey ! '' 
 she cried , jabbing a finger at devon . 
 `` he put himself in between her and that thing out there . 
 he put his own life in danger to save her ! '' 
 joey threw her hand off , disgust radiating from him . 
 `` i do n't care , '' he snarled . 
 `` they both should have died . '' 
 `` do n't you ever say anything like that again ! '' 
 devon bellowed , taking a fierce step forward , only to be blocked by an invisible wall of air . 
 cassie grabbed hold of his arm , squeezing tight as she tried to calm him . 
 his body thrummed with tension , his hands fisted at his sides . 
 glancing back at her , he seemed to relax slightly but it would not take much for him to snap . 
 `` i told you , nothing but animals , '' joey spat . 
 `` no , you 're wrong joey , you 're wrong . '' 
 tears streamed down dani 's face as she stared hopelessly at her brother . 
 cassie 's heart ached for dani , the girl was desperate to find acceptance , a family , anything . 
 she was desperate to get through to her brother and make him see her need . 
 though cassie wanted to go to her , to comfort her , she knew that it would be the worst thing she could do . 
 devon would go crazy if she was not near him , and joey would not react kindly to her presence in his home again . 
 `` that 's enough dani ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` all of you get out of my house . '' 
 `` let 's go , '' luther said softly , gently nudging melissa toward the door . 
 `` i 'm sorry that we have upset you . 
 but i want you to know that we are here if you change your mind and wish to join us . '' 
 joey 's look of disgust was enough to let cassie know that was never going to happen . 
 `` my sister and i will have nothing to do with you . 
 ever ! '' 
 tears continued to stream down dani 's face as she stared helplessly at them . 
 cassie gazed sympathetically back at her , wishing that she could help the girl , knowing that she could n't . 
 `` we will be leaving this town . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 dani cried sharply , her eyes wide with horror . 
 cassie 's heart lurched , she took a step forward but devon shot her a fierce look that froze her in her steps . 
 he was close to losing it , and she could not push him further . 
 `` i do n't want to leave ! '' 
 `` too bad , '' joey growled . 
 tears streamed down dani 's face as she stared hopelessly back at him . 
 devon pushed cassie back a step when chris , melissa , and luther reached the doorway . 
 `` we will be sad to see you go , but if you feel that is best ... '' luther started . 
 `` it is , '' joey said briskly , stalking across the room as they stepped out of the apartment . 
 cassie jumped in surprise as the door slammed forcefully shut ; the echo of it reverberated throughout the small , dingy hall of the apartment building . 
 `` well he was pleasant , we should invite him over for tea and crumpets sometime , '' chris quipped , rolling his eyes as he shoved his hands in his pockets . 
 `` not funny , '' luther reprimanded softly , his face drawn and sad . 
 `` we could have used their aid , especially dani 's . 
 a grounder , '' he shook his head in amazement , running his fingers through his disordered hair . 
 `` maybe he will come around . '' 
 `` no , '' chris said firmly . 
 `` he wo n't be coming around . 
 he radiated hatred and disgust ; there were waves of it coming out of him . '' 
 he shuddered , huddling deeper into his coat as if he were trying to ward off the emotions that still clung to him . 
 `` he is set in his opinion , he will stick to it . '' 
 cassie was disheartened by chris 's assessment , but she was not surprised by it . 
 she took hold of devon 's hand , trying to calm the anger that still radiated from him . 
 he wrapped his arm tightly around her waist , pulling her against him . 
 `` let 's get you home , '' he said softly . 
 `` luther can explain about your powers there . '' 
 chris and cassie groaned , not at all looking forward to a lecture from luther . 
 `` maybe we should just wait till tomorrow ; it 's been a long day ... '' `` it 's about time you learned at least a little about your heritage , '' luther interrupted , shooting chris a fierce look that dared him to continue protesting . 
 `` it will help in your fight against julian . 
 it will also aid in your understanding of where your abilities come from . '' 
 `` i have none , '' cassie reminded him , not holding out much hope that that fact would get her out of this . 
 `` you do have abilities that a human does n't possess , '' devon reminded her . 
 `` you need to know where those come from . '' 
 she made another face , her nose wrinkling as she realized that she had lost the battle . 
 chapter 11 cassie 's grandmother met them at the door , a strawberry eyebrow raised questioningly as she studied them . 
 holding the door open , she ushered them inside , making a sweeping gesture toward the living room . 
 crackers , cheese , bottles of water , and glasses of soda had already been set out on trays . 
 the smell of shepherd 's pie drifted enticingly from the kitchen , reminding cassie of the fact that they had n't had a chance to eat . 
 `` food , '' chris groaned , plopping himself on the couch as he grabbed a handful of crackers and cheese . 
 `` you guys look like you 've been through hell , '' her grandmother said softly . 
 cassie glanced over them , for the first time noting how dirty , bedraggled , bloodied , and exhausted they looked . 
 `` hell came to us , '' chris muttered , his words garbled by the crackers he was chomping on . 
 her grandma shook her head as she moved into the living room , shooing chris 's feet off of the coffee table . 
 he gave her a bashful grin , but it did n't slow his chewing process . 
 `` good thing adam told me you were coming , '' she announced , sliding easily into her favorite recliner . 
 `` dinner should be ready soon . '' 
 `` have i ever told you how much i love you ? '' 
 chris asked , grinning brightly at her . 
 her grandmother rolled her eyes , but she could n't stop the bright smile that spread across her youthful face . 
 `` suck up , '' melissa muttered , slapping chris 's hand away as she snagged a handful of crackers . 
 he sulked for a moment before darting in again after her . 
 `` who 's adam ? '' 
 devon asked softly . 
 cassie 's smile was sympathetic . 
 `` he 's one of the ghosts she talks to ; the other two are caleb and julia . 
 she mentions them often . '' 
 `` so , who is going to tell me what happened ? '' 
 her grandmother asked softly . 
 cassie sighed heavily as she squeezed devon 's hand gently and released it . 
 moving around the couch , she stopped to drop a kiss on her grandmother 's head before grabbing some of the few crackers left . 
 `` i will , '' she said , sliding onto the loveseat as luther took up his customary position by the fireplace . 
 in between munching on her crackers , cassie swiftly filled her grandmother in on the details of the night . 
 her grandmother 's eyes grew darker , more troubled as she progressed . 
 when cassie finished her grandmother sat back in her chair , her eyes darkening to a deep brown as she began to converse with her ghost friends . 
 it was a few moments before her eyes returned to their normal sky blue and instantly narrowed on cassie . 
 `` i ca n't believe you ran into the woods on your own , '' she scolded . 
 cassie shifted uncomfortably , not even bothering to look for help elsewhere in the room . 
 none of them were happy with her . 
 `` i was afraid that she was going to be killed . '' 
 her grandmother quirked an eyebrow . 
 `` i understand that , but you were reckless and you could have been killed . '' 
 `` not to mention dani was better able to defend herself than any of us , '' chris mumbled . 
 cassie shot him a fierce look , not at all pleased with his interference . 
 `` very true , '' her grandmother agreed . 
 `` but none of you would have been able to know that . 
 i have only ever met one grounder before , it was a little frightening . '' 
 cassie , chris , and melissa nodded their agreement . 
 devon stood stiffly , though his gaze did dart down to his now healed arms . 
 `` it 's a lot of power for a young girl , especially if she does not have control over it . '' 
 luther shook his head in disgust as he pulled his glasses off to rub the bridge of his nose . 
 `` i could have helped her with that if her brother would have let me . '' 
 `` stubborn , foolish boy , '' her grandmother whispered , her eyes dark and distant once more . 
 `` there will be no changing his mind though . '' 
 `` no , there wo n't , '' devon and chris agreed simultaneously . 
 they shot each other an amused look before chris 's attention was once more diverted by food . 
 her grandmother 's eyes snapped back to blue as she pinned devon with her intent gaze . 
 `` if you continue to hang out with our kind , i am sure that you will find that some of them will feel the same way . 
 though , there are so few left i doubt you will meet many more . 
 it 's a miracle that they even moved into the same town as us . 
 imagine the odds . '' 
 `` they move frequently , it was probably only a matter of time before they stumbled upon cape cod , '' luther said softly . 
 `` but yes , the odds are astronomical . 
 i do wonder what the brother is capable of , considering the power that his sister possesses . '' 
 cassie sat back , trying hard not to contemplate what that angry , hate filled man could do . 
 though she felt that if it was anything as destructive as dani 's ability , he would have used it today , would n't he ? 
 her glance darted worriedly to devon , he was exceptionally powerful , but dani 's power had left him vulnerable and wounded . 
 what if it happened again , but this time they were n't there to keep him safe from someone that wanted to hurt him ? 
 `` what happened today wo n't happen again , '' he told her . 
 cassie frowned fiercely at him as he grinned at her . 
 `` i do n't have to be able to read minds to know what you 're thinking , you wear your thoughts . 
 dani 's power knocked me and julian out today because neither of us expected it . 
 i was not prepared to defend myself against her , and neither was he . 
 if i run into her or her brother again , i will be better prepared . 
 she wo n't knock me out next time , she may give me a good blow , but she wo n't knock me out . '' 
 cassie sighed in relief . 
 `` i do n't think dani meant to hurt you . '' 
 `` no , she did n't , '' chris said emphatically . 
 `` she felt pretty bad about it . 
 her brother though , he wanted to hurt you . 
 all of us actually . '' 
 devon bristled , striding forward he sat beside cassie , taking hold of her hand . 
 `` they 'll leave , '' luther said . 
 `` probably already packing their things now . 
 what a waste , '' he mumbled sorely disappointed that he was not going to have the opportunity to train dani . 
 `` i feel bad for her , '' cassie said softly . 
 `` she wanted so badly to stay , to be a part of something . '' 
 `` maybe we 'll run into her someday in the future , but for now , she is not a part of this group and we must come to that sad realization . '' 
 her grandmother rose to her feet , smoothing her pants as she looked them over . 
 `` this is a pretty powerful group here though . '' 
 `` yes it is , '' luther agreed . 
 `` and i suppose it 's time that we finally have that conversation . '' 
 cassie and chris exchanged sullen frowns . 
 `` just let me get dinner out of the oven first , '' her grandmother announced , breezing easily out of the room . 
 `` i 'll help you , '' cassie offered . 
 her grandmother waved her back , shaking her head firmly . 
 `` sit , you need a break . 
 i 've got it . '' 
 cassie leaned back in the loveseat , resting her head on devon 's shoulder . 
 no one spoke as they listened to the noises coming from the kitchen . 
 silverware clinked , cabinets opened and closed as her grandmother hurried around . 
 she reappeared in the doorway , carrying two big plates of steaming , delicious looking food . 
 chris and melissa eagerly accepted their plates , chris nearly salivating at the mound of meat and potatoes on his . 
 melissa had a big slice of vegetable lasagna on her plate . 
 `` you drop any of that on my carpet and you 're going into the dining room , '' her grandmother scolded chris . 
 chris nodded , but he did n't respond as he dropped the plate to the table and began to wolf it down . 
 `` could you at least eat like a human being ? '' 
 melissa asked quietly . 
 `` i 'm hungry , '' he retorted . 
 melissa rolled her eyes , refraining from eating until everyone else had been served . 
 chris finally caught sight of this and slowed his onward rush to choke himself to death . 
 her grandmother reappeared with two more plates , handing them out to luther and cassie . 
 `` thank you , '' cassie murmured . 
 she dug into her dinner , savoring in the wonderful taste , the eager rumbling in her stomach quieted with every bite . 
 devon was studying her with shrewd , questioning eyes . 
 `` you have n't eaten today , '' he said , the quiet tone of his voice not reaching beyond her . 
 cassie shook her head , her gaze darting briefly around the room , but no one was paying attention to them . 
 `` no , i had a headache . '' 
 she was surprised to realize that the headache was gone , apparently having disappeared when fear for her life had taken over . 
 `` that is no reason not to take care of yourself . '' 
 she could n't meet his fierce gaze again . 
 protectiveness and need radiated from him . 
 she suddenly realized that it took more than just him staying well fed , and under tight rein , to be around her . 
 she also needed to take care of herself , and try to stay out of trouble . 
 these things triggered his protective urges and rattled his control . 
 if she was n't going to take care of herself , then he would do it for her . 
 he would keep her out of harm 's way by making sure that she could n't be hurt anymore . 
 ever . 
 grasping hold of his arm , cassie met his stern , unsettled gaze . 
 `` i promise it wo n't happen again . '' 
 though he relaxed slightly , tension still hummed through him , causing a muscle in his cheek to jump . 
 he turned slowly away from her . 
 cassie 's heart ached for him . 
 it took everything he had to be around her , every ounce of self restraint he had to be with her every day . 
 it was so very apparent that he wanted more , needed more than she could give him right now , if ever . 
 a tight knot formed in her throat as tears burned her eyes ; her appetite vanished even though she had barely taken a bite . 
 she loved him so very much , but it was not enough . 
 it would never be enough , because she could not give him everything that he needed from her . 
 for the first time she fully realized the finality of their love . 
 deep down she had still been holding out hope that they would somehow get through all of this without losing too much , and with her still being human . 
 she realized now that that was not going to be possible . 
 she either joined him , or they ended this . 
 at the moment she did n't know which was worse . 
 devon turned back to her , his eyebrows drawing questioningly together , his gaze darting to her barely touched food . 
 cassie swallowed heavily , dropping her head quickly before he could see the hopelessness engulfing her . 
 though she was no longer hungry , she forced herself to eat , not wanting to upset him more . 
 she could not give him everything he wanted and needed , but she would give him as much as possible . 
 no one spoke as they ate . 
 chris helped himself to seconds before anyone else was even done . 
 cassie managed to choke down almost three quarters of her plate before putting it aside . 
 devon 's eyes were sharp on her , but he seemed satisfied with what she had consumed . 
 `` i think everyone is ready luther , '' her grandmother said softly , drawing her small legs beneath her once more . 
 luther nodded , pushing his glasses up on his nose . 
 he rested one arm on the mantle , his gaze distant as he stared at the far side of the room . 
 `` about fifteen hundred years ago , vampires were beginning to run rampant in the world . 
 they were not overly concerned about people knowing of their existence , why should they be when there was no one to stop them ? 
 `` at this time a group of humans gathered together , determined to hunt down the monsters and destroy as many of them as they could . 
 they were determined to drive the vampires back in an attempt to try and regain some control of the earth . '' 
 `` they were the first hunters ? '' 
 cassie inquired softly . 
 luther looked slightly uneasy as he shifted slightly . 
 `` sort of , '' he hedged . 
 cassie lifted an eyebrow at his `` sort of , '' not liking the way he responded to her question . 
 `` what do you mean , sort of ? '' 
 chris inquired , temporarily forgetting the plate of food still on his lap . 
 luther and her grandmother exchanged a look ; devon rested his hand upon her knee . 
 melissa 's gaze was focused upon the floor , her shoulders stiff . 
 cassie 's frown deepened , she did n't like the sudden tension in the room , the hesitation that grasped them all . 
 it was becoming more apparent that she was not going to like what luther had to say . 
 in fact , she was certain that she did n't want to hear it at all . 
 luther heaved a large sigh . 
 sliding his glasses off , he cleaned them on his shirt before slipping them back on . 
 cassie 's eyes widened slightly as he began to pace nervously . 
 luther never paced , and he was never nervous . 
 her hand tightened around devon 's as a growing knot of worry and fear began to twist in her body . 
 `` as a group , the humans were able to do some damage against the vampires , but not much . 
 and when they came up against a more powerful vampire , they were useless . 
 they were getting slaughtered and the vampires were becoming stronger . 
 as the years passed the vampire 's numbers grew , and the human fighters dwindled as most became afraid to continue the battle . 
 `` that was when they recruited the help of an emerging group of scientists . '' 
 the last sentence hung heavily in the air , the knot in cassie 's stomach turned into a noose that spread up her throat , threatening to choke her . 
 a chill of apprehension swept down her spine . 
 though chris still looked confused , there was a dawning horror inside her . 
 `` and what did these scientists do ? '' 
 chris inquired , placing his plate on the table , his appetite apparently gone . 
 cassie fought the urge to cover her ears , wanting to block out whatever else luther had to say . 
 it may have been a childish urge , but it was one that she desperately wanted to fulfill . 
 `` experiments . 
 when they were able to , they began to keep the vampires that they hunted . '' 
 `` and they experimented on them ? '' 
 chris looked confused as he glanced around the room . 
 it was not that he was n't grasping what luther was saying , it was that he did n't want to . 
 cassie did n't blame him . 
 `` yes . '' 
 cassie 's breath came quicker , her heart pounded loudly . 
 her skin was suddenly clammy , cold . 
 `` what kind of experiments ? '' 
 chris demanded , his tone taking on a hard edge . 
 luther sighed softly . 
 `` they wanted to know how vampires worked , how they functioned . 
 where their powers came from . '' 
 `` and did they succeed ? '' 
 cassie asked in a choked voice . 
 `` somewhat , but not completely . 
 they learned that the source of a vampire 's power comes from their blood . 
 to become a vampire an exchange of blood is needed , and death must occur . '' 
 cassie turned slightly toward devon , these were things that she knew , but for the first time she truly realized that he had died . 
 that someone had killed him . 
 or he may have willingly allowed himself to be changed , may have embraced death for the promise of eternal life . 
 her forehead furrowed as she once again recalled how very little she knew of him . 
 and she wanted to know so much more . 
 however , right now she was learning more than she had ever wanted too , and her curiosity about devon was going to have to wait . 
 `` during the exchange of blood , the demon that lurks within the vampire is passed on , its hunger and thirst handed over to its victim . 
 this demon blood is thought to be the source of the vampire 's power ; it was also the reason why everyone believed that all vampires must be monsters and murderers . '' 
 his gaze turned briefly to devon , his grey eyes flickered slightly . 
 `` obviously we were wrong . '' 
 devon looked briefly at cassie as he nodded subtly . 
 his face was tight with tension , and cassie knew he was thinking about his struggle to keep himself restrained around her . 
 `` it is hard , but it can be controlled . 
 most simply do not want to control it ; they enjoy the hunt , the thrill , the power . 
 they revel in the evil , or at least their darker side does , and they have no desire to suppress it . 
 others may not even know that it can be done , but there are still others who do control it . '' 
 luther nodded , rubbing the bridge of his nose as he pinched it tight . 
 `` yes , i understand that now . 
 we should have understood it earlier , but arrogance and fear go a long way in keeping the truth hidden . '' 
 cassie lifted an eyebrow , her gaze darted worriedly to devon before she turned to melissa and chris ; panic was growing inside of her . 
 melissa was not as composed as normal ; it was obvious that though she knew where this was going , she did n't like it . 
 there was a pinched look around her mouth , her eyes were narrowed slightly . 
 her normally neat hair was disheveled , strands of it framed her pretty face . 
 her eyes , usually a sparkling onyx were now as dull and flat as coal . 
 chris rose suddenly , knocking the coffee table slightly with his knee . 
 it skittered back , but he made no move to fix it as he paced restlessly away . 
 running a hand through his hair , he turned sharply toward luther , pinning him with his gaze . 
 his jaw clenched tightly , his broad shoulders were set as if he awaited a fierce blow . 
 which cassie was certain they were going to receive . 
 `` where did our abilities come from ? '' 
 chris asked softly . 
 `` when they discovered the source of the vampire 's powers they began to try to isolate it , hoping to combat the growing threat of the vampires . 
 they could never successfully isolate the gene , but they began to experiment with trying to harvest that power into humans . '' 
 a chill ran down cassie 's spine , the hair on the back of her neck stood on end . 
 her hand clenched tighter upon devon 's , but for the first time his touch was not enough to soothe her . 
 shifting uncomfortably , she found she was no longer able to sit still either . 
 sliding her hand free of devon 's she launched to her feet , desperately wanting to flee the room and this conversation , but knowing that she could n't . 
 `` and how did these experiments go ? '' 
 she asked , her voice hoarse . 
 luther hesitated , his grey eyes hard and distant . 
 `` at first , not well , '' he admitted . 
 `` there were many failures , many were caught in between . '' 
 `` in between what ? '' 
 chris demanded . 
 `` in between human and vampire . 
 they were caught in a world where they were neither ... '' `` neither ? '' 
 cassie croaked . 
 `` a monstrosity , '' devon answered when luther seemed unable to . 
 `` a thing that is neither human nor vampire , a creature that has no thought or reason , all it does is destroy . 
 all it wants is blood and death . '' 
 horror flowed up cassie 's throat ; it burned into her esophagus as her stomach threatened to heave up its contents . 
 she could picture these monsters , these things that were caught in between . 
 neither human nor vampire but a fiend even worse than anything any horror writer could have dreamed up . 
 `` what happened to these things ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` they were destroyed , '' luther answered flatly . 
 `` something like that could not be allowed to roam the earth , the destruction would be incalculable . '' 
 `` and these experiment victims were willing ? '' 
 `` some , but not all . '' 
 swallowing heavily , cassie turned away , pacing to the doorway before turning back again . 
 this time she did not return to devon 's side , instead she felt the desperate need to be closer to chris and melissa . 
 they were like her , they were feeling this too . 
 `` and how did it all turn out ? '' 
 chris asked quietly when she stopped next to him . 
 `` eventually they succeeded in planting enough of the vampire blood into a human , without changing them completely , or leaving them in the void . 
 eventually they turned these humans into something more powerful , something that still seemed completely human but was stronger , faster , and possessed gifts and talents of their own . '' 
 the truth was not shocking ; it did not rock through her . 
 she had expected it . 
 she did not like it , but at least she had been braced for this blow . 
 `` and they became the hunters , '' she stated flatly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and the genetic alterations , the changes that the vampire blood wrought in them were passed through the generations to their children ? '' 
 `` yes , even if a hunter and a normal human are together , the hunter genetics are stronger than the human 's dna . 
 those children will inherit the hunter line , develop abilities , and carry on the gene . 
 though for the most part , due to their difference 's , hunters tend to stay with each other or with the guardians . 
 it 's rare when they went outside of those lines . '' 
 chris bristled , shifting slightly beside her . 
 his father had gone outside of those lines , and his mother had been the one to pay for it . 
 `` and the experimenters , the perpetrators of this abomination , became the guardians , '' he stated bluntly , a hint of disgust in his voice . 
 luther inhaled sharply as he nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 originally the guardians were meant to make sure that nothing happened to these humans , that they did not change in anyway . '' 
 `` they were meant to destroy them if they did , '' chris said dully , his voice distant . 
 `` yes , but fortunately nothing occurred , and as each generation emerged with no mutations the guardians became relegated to the role of training the hunters to fight , and hunt vampire 's . 
 they also became keepers of the history ; they stayed close to the hunters to record each generation 's efforts , and to record them . '' 
 `` well was n't that nice of them , '' cassie said , unable to keep the bitterness out of her voice . 
 `` it needed to be done , '' luther said gently . 
 `` needed to be done ! '' 
 cassie nearly screeched . 
 `` they tortured human beings ! 
 they turned us all into monsters ! 
 they shortened our live spans ! '' 
 she jabbed a finger at chris , melissa , and herself . 
 `` they sentenced us to a life of hell while they sat back on their haunches and recorded our history . 
 needed to be done my ass ! 
 they were cowards who were to afraid to try the experiment on themselves . '' 
 `` cassie , '' her grandmother said gently . 
 `` they tore our families away from us ! '' 
 her voice broke on a sob , her shoulders sagged in defeat . 
 the anger fled swiftly from her as despair rushed up to take its place . 
 devon was watching her , his eyes sad and knowing , his jaw locked tight . 
 they had also torn him away from her , she realized with a start . 
 if she had been human , if she had been normal , then maybe she would have embraced a life of immortality with him . 
 if she had been human she never would have known such hurt from vampires , she never would have known the cruelty that they had bestowed upon her loved ones . 
 she would still have her parents , and a normal life , and a boyfriend who loved her and wanted to be with her for eternity . 
 she imagined that it would all be very romantic and appealing to a human , but to her it was a world of darkness and blood and death . 
 a world of horror and hurt . 
 a world that she had been genetically altered to fight . 
 or to embrace , she realized with a start . 
 after all , her beginnings had come from his kind . 
 she was far more like him then she had ever realized . 
 she dealt out death and destruction also , and unlike melissa and chris , it was the only gift that she had received . 
 she , more than the others , was the most like his kind . 
 the only thing she was truly good at , and good for , was killing . 
 devon 's expression changed as he rose swiftly to his feet , gliding with the elegant grace of a tiger . 
 moving slowly , as if afraid he would spook her away , he wound around the couch . 
 she did not move as he came toward her , did not stiffen when his arms wrapped tightly around her . 
 she leaned into his embrace , taking comfort in his strength and warmth . 
 `` you are not a monster . '' 
 his voice was a breath in her ear . 
 she searched his face questioningly . 
 she was not surprised he knew what she had been thinking , he knew her well enough for that . 
 but she needed to know that he truly believed what he was saying . 
 his emerald eyes were fierce on her , his hand gentle as he caressed her face . 
 `` you never could be . '' 
 tears burned in her eyes and she rapidly blinked them back . 
 nodding , she rested her head against his chest , savoring in the comfort and peace that he brought to her . 
 the constriction in her chest eased as she inhaled his familiar , enticing scent . 
 `` i know that this is a lot to take in , a lot to understand , '' luther said after a few moments . 
 `` but something had to be done to stop the vampires . 
 imagine the world if there had never been any hunters to stop their murderous rampages . '' 
 `` there are barely any hunters now , '' chris said softly . 
 `` and it 's not so bad . '' 
 `` but things are different now . 
 then , the world was consumed with war and blood and death . 
 vampires roamed freely , killing and taking wherever they saw fit . 
 the world is modernized now ; the elders want no part of it . 
 they are content in the old ways , stuck there . 
 the young ones are the danger , but there are fewer of them as the elders have grown tired of creating , and the hunters have always been able to take out the younger , weaker ones , '' devon said softly . 
 `` then why did the elders come after the hunter line to begin with ? '' 
 cassie asked softly . 
 `` revenge , '' he answered honestly . 
 `` the war between the hunters and the elders has waged on for over a millennia , they saw a chance to win it , and they went after it . 
 boredom also , i suppose . 
 the hunters are probably the only thrill , and the only challenge they have left to them anymore . '' 
 cassie 's frown deepened , anger blistered through her . 
 her parents had been slaughtered because of boredom ? 
 `` how many of these elders are left ? '' 
 she inquired , feeling her own need for vengeance coming to fierce life . 
 devon shook his head at her , his eyes darkened and hardened . 
 `` i would not allow it , '' he growled . 
 `` and you could do little against them . '' 
 licking her lips nervously , she ducked her head so that he would n't see too much of her thoughts . 
 `` i understand that , '' she admitted . 
 `` i am merely curious . '' 
 his hand began to gently stroke her arms as he shrugged absently . 
 `` fighting amongst the elders is common , they tend to take each other out for power and greed so there is only ten left . 
 the oldest is a little over nine hundred ; the youngest is about five hundred and twelve . '' 
 cassie started slightly , her eyes widening as horror and realization slammed into her . 
 `` you are an elder ? '' 
 she gasped . 
 he nodded briskly . 
 `` as is julian . 
 i am second in line . '' 
 her mouth dropped . 
 `` will they come for you ? 
 for your power ? '' 
 his laughter was harsh and brisk . 
 `` not if they wish to live . 
 i may not be the oldest , but i am the strongest . 
 just as with the hunter 's , vampires often develop their own gifts , my speed and strength has always been enhanced , and the mind control helps . '' 
 `` oh , '' cassie breathed in relief . 
 `` not to mention , the infighting stopped shortly before the slaughter . 
 that was when they realized that they had all but destroyed each other , and that the young vampires did not care for the traditions , or them . 
 the young ones would do nothing to protect an elder if they ever needed it . 
 the elder 's grouped together after that ; hoping to take out the hunters in an attempt to eliminate the enemy once and for all . 
 then they retreated , going back to the old country where they hid themselves away . '' 
 `` and you did not want to go with them ? '' 
 she asked worriedly . 
 a sharp bark of hard laughter escaped him . 
 `` they do not want me ; i am a traitor to them . 
 the shunning of human blood is an atrocity that they do not understand or particularly tolerate . 
 they may want my power , and my strength to help protect them , but they do not want me there . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he chuckled , dropping a gentle kiss on her head as he pulled her tighter against him . 
 `` so , '' luther said softly . 
 `` now you know where your abilities come from . '' 
 `` and that we 're not human , '' chris muttered bitterly . 
 `` we always knew we were n't completely human , '' cassie reminded him . 
 `` yeah , but we never knew that we were less than human , i always assumed we were more . '' 
 `` you are more , '' devon said softly . 
 `` do not think of yourself as less than human when you do more for the human race than many people ever will . 
 though you may not like how you were created , you should take pride in what you are , and what you do . '' 
 `` i could n't have said it better myself , '' her grandmother said softly , smiling brightly . 
 `` it took me a long time to come to terms with this also , but you will , and you will see that devon is right . '' 
 though the words were meant to comfort , cassie found little in them . 
 how many people had been sacrificed in order to create their race ? 
 how many lives had been lost ? 
 a shiver raced up her spine . 
 devon rubbed her arms gently , trying to put some heat back into her body , but it did little good . 
 she was n't sure she would ever be warm again . 
 `` well now i know why i never wanted to learn this crap , '' chris muttered , turning away as he ran a hand through his disordered hair . 
 cassie completely agreed . 
 `` so all of our gifts come from them ? '' 
 she inquired softly . 
 `` yes , '' luther answered . 
 `` the weapons they used against us , we were able to turn against them . '' 
 `` and me ? '' 
 cassie inquired . 
 luther 's eyebrows drew tightly together . 
 `` there have been hunters in the past with no abilities . '' 
 `` not many though . '' 
 `` no , not many . '' 
 `` so i 'm an even bigger genetic mutation , '' she muttered bitterly , unable to keep back a disgusted chuckle of laughter . 
 `` no , your speed , strength , hearing , and sight is amplified cass , those are also gifts that only vampire 's possess . 
 you did not receive any of the other abilities , so those ones are enhanced in you . 
 i keep telling you that that is a gift . '' 
 cassie stared doubtfully back at him , but she refrained from commenting . 
 `` your hearing and sight ? '' 
 devon asked softly . 
 `` yeah eagle eyes over there could see a mouse from a mile away , '' chris answered with a crooked , half hearted grin . 
 `` and hear a pin drop from the same distance . '' 
 `` ha ha , '' cassie replied , fighting the urge to stick her tongue out at him . 
 it took her a moment to realize that devon had stiffened against her . 
 looking up at him , she was surprised to find his eyebrows drawn tight , his eyes distant and thoughtful . 
 `` are you planning on talking about me behind my back ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 his attention snapped back to her , but his gaze was still distant . 
 shaking his head , he bent to kiss her forehead gently . 
 `` no , of course not . '' 
 his wan smile and distant gaze were not convincing though . 
 `` someone is here . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 cassie asked a second before the doorbell rebounded through the house . 
 frowning up at him , she slipped from his arms but he did n't move far from her as he followed her into the foyer . 
 glancing nervously back at him , he gave a brief nod . 
 she opened the door ; surprise widening her eyes at the sight of dani huddled on the doorstep . 
 her gold streaked eyes were wide with fear . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 cassie nodded as she stepped back , searching the night she saw no sign of joey . 
 `` did you walk over here by yourself ? '' 
 dani nodded as she stepped inside , huddling deeper into her light windbreaker . 
 dani eyed devon wearily , but there seemed to be no fear coming from her . 
 `` do n't you learn ? '' 
 dani smiled wanly as she shook back her hair . 
 `` i told you i can take care of myself . '' 
 `` you also told me that you could n't use your ability again tonight . '' 
 `` yeah , but that other vamp does n't know that . '' 
 devon snorted softly with laughter , but cassie was nowhere near as amused . 
 she could have been killed . 
 `` come on in . '' 
 leading dani into the living room , she gestured toward the loveseat that she had abandoned . 
 `` grandma , this is dani . 
 dani this is my grandmother . '' 
 `` you can call me lily , '' her grandmother replied . 
 dani smiled hesitatingly , her hands folding into the sleeves of her coat . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 `` you also , it appears that you are a truly talented girl . '' 
 heat flared up dani 's face as she ducked her head . 
 `` yeah , '' she mumbled . 
 `` we were just discussing where those powers come from , '' luther said smoothly . 
 `` vampire 's . '' 
 `` you knew ? '' 
 chris demanded . 
 dani frowned in confusion as she nodded . 
 `` since i was old enough to understand , you did n't ? '' 
 chris scowled as he turned on his heel and began to pace once more . 
 his agitation was palpable in the room . 
 `` no , they did n't , '' melissa said flatly . 
 `` i wish we did n't know . '' 
 cassie blinked , surprised to hear such dismay in melissa 's voice . 
 she was always reserved , thoughtful and aloof , but there was always an optimistic air about her that was refreshing . 
 now she seemed hard , distant , lost . 
 sighing loudly , chris walked over to melissa ; swinging his arm around her shoulders he pulled her close in a brotherly embrace . 
 `` it will be ok , we 're no different than the people we were an hour ago . '' 
 `` no , we 're not , '' cassie said firmly . 
 `` we ca n't change the mistakes of our ancestors ... '' `` without those mistakes , the world would have been an entirely different place . 
 it would have been filled with fear and death and murder . 
 vampires would have run it . 
 would you have rather have had that ? '' 
 luther interjected hotly . 
 they gazed fiercely at each other before cassie slowly turned to dani , not willing to admit that luther was right . 
 she was still too angry and confused for such an admission now . 
 `` what brings you here ? '' 
 she inquired . 
 dani shrugged , her gaze darted nervously around the room before settling on cassie again . 
 `` i do n't agree with joey , i think that we should help . '' 
 cassie 's heart fluttered with excitement ; with dani 's help they would have a much better chance of killing julian . 
 they would be able to save more lives . 
 maybe they could even find some peace for a little while . 
 she desperately wanted peace , and she desperately wanted some time with devon to try and sort out the pieces of their lives . 
 `` does he know that you 're here ? '' 
 luther asked softly . 
 dani nodded , her hands clenched tightly inside her sleeves . 
 tears shimmered in her eyes , but she did not spill any . 
 `` he knows , '' she answered in a choked voice . 
 `` dani , what happened ? '' 
 cassie inquired gently . 
 the red streaks in her hair flashed brightly in the light as she shook her head slowly . 
 `` he left . '' 
 the silence in the room was heavy with shock . 
 melissa was the first to recover from the news . 
 `` he left you here alone !? '' 
 dani nodded , her dark head bowed . 
 `` yes , i refused to go and he refused to stay . '' 
 cassie 's heart broke as tears slid down the girls face , plopping onto her lap as she made no attempt to stop them . 
 pulling away from devon she joined dani on the loveseat , resting her arm gently around her delicate shoulders . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered , trying to soothe the pain radiating from her . 
 `` i ca n't imagine how hard this must be . '' 
 dani continued to cry silently , but her words were coherent . 
 `` we 'll keep in touch , and one day we 'll reunite , but for now each of us has to go our separate ways . 
 we both feel very differently about this . 
 it had to be done . 
 we could not be together forever . '' 
 cassie could understand that , but she could n't understand how dani 's brother could have just abandoned her here . 
 she was barely old enough to get a job , let alone support herself . 
 her brother was so angry and selfish that he had not only left her to fend for herself , but also left her to the monster that haunted their town . 
 quite possibly left her to die . 
 apparently his hatred went far deeper than cassie had even begun to fathom . 
 `` well then , '' her grandmother said softly , rising swiftly to her feet . 
 `` we should go get your things . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 dani asked in surprise . 
 `` your things . 
 you can not stay on your own , and we have an extra room here you can use . '' 
 cassie could n't stop herself from smiling as dani stared at her grandmother in disbelief . 
 `` really ? '' 
 she croaked , her voice breaking for the first time . 
 `` of course , '' her grandmother replied with a bright smile . 
 chapter 12 cassie moved slowly down the hall , trying to stay strong against the new barrage of whispered comments that followed her every move . 
 her chase of dani the other night had set off a new wave of gossip and innuendo . 
 sighing softly , she clutched her books tighter to her chest as she reached her locker , spun the dial , and flung it open . 
 `` who knew she was such a freak , '' jess whispered . 
 cassie glanced over her shoulder ; her hand on the locker tightened as she took in the group of girls gathered fifteen feet away . 
 they glanced discreetly at her , looking quickly away when they found her staring at them . 
 kara , jess , and marcy were gathered close together , obviously savoring in her downfall . 
 heart hammering , anger flared hotly through her . 
 she had once considered all of them her friends . 
 she had held sleepovers with them , gone to their pool parties , partied on the beach with them . 
 they had talked of boys , and shared their hopes and dreams as they discussed their futures with eager reverence . 
 though they had grown apart when cassie had discovered her heritage , she had never once stopped thinking of them as friends . 
 and they had turned so easily against her . 
 cassie slammed her locker shut , her pride and anger not allowing her to just walk away again . 
 throwing her shoulders back , cassie made her way straight over to them , not hesitating at all . 
 they grew silent ; their eyes weary as they watched her approach . 
 `` hello everyone , '' she said with a forced , bright grin . 
 `` how are you this morning ? '' 
 they glanced at each other before turning slowly back to her . 
 `` fine , '' marcy answered , anger gleaming in her eyes . 
 it was anger so fierce that cassie could feel it radiating against her . 
 `` what do you want cassandra ? '' 
 cassie reached into her notebook , pulling out the notes she had made a long time ago on the homecoming dance . 
 it was a poor excuse , but she did n't care , she was tired of hiding from these girls , tired of slinking through the halls like a leper . 
 she handed the notes to marcy , meeting her gaze head on . 
 `` you asked me for these . '' 
 marcy took them from her , barely glancing at them . 
 `` that was a long time ago , things have changed since then . '' 
 cassie forced herself to smile at the small girl , trying hard to keep her temper in check . 
 `` i am well aware of that marcy , but i am still on the homecoming committee . '' 
 marcy 's mouth parted , her eyes widened in fear as she glanced rapidly at the other girls . 
 `` well uh , you know cass ... '' kara started awkwardly . 
 `` you have n't been to any meetings in the past two weeks , '' marcy interrupted hotly . 
 `` i 've been busy , but i 'll make sure to attend the next one . 
 it 's today right ? '' 
 `` you ca n't be serious ! '' 
 marcy exploded , her leaf colored eyes narrowing fiercely . 
 `` oh , i 'm very serious . 
 you said yourself marcy that i do have the best ideas , and we do want our senior year to be the very best dance that it can be . '' 
 marcy gaped at her like she had sprouted another head . 
 `` but ... '' `` it will be fun ; we can catch up on all the gossip . 
 it 's been so long , i ca n't wait to find out what 's new and exciting in your lives . '' 
 they shifted uncomfortably ; everyone except for marcy appeared slightly ashamed . 
 marcy looked like the top of her head was going to blow off . 
 her face had turned magenta , her eyes were narrowed fiercely . 
 if they had n't been standing in the midst of a crowded hallway , cassie was certain that marcy would have launched at her . 
 cassie grinned back at her , savoring in her anger . 
 it was nice to have the tables finally turn , if even a little . 
 she would never regain her social standing in the school , nor did she want too , but she was damn tired of skulking around . 
 and she was damn tired of all the whispering . 
 maybe if she confronted them head on they would back off . 
 yeah right , and pigs would fly , she thought with a sigh . 
 but at least she was making a stand ; she was sticking up for herself in some way . 
 it was a small jab , but it was a jab . 
 even before marcy 's gaze darted behind her , and her eyes widened as lust blazed forth in them , cassie knew that devon had arrived . 
 her body had become so attuned to his , so in sync that she would know him anywhere , find him anywhere . 
 she could feel the anger radiating from him , the protective urge that encompassed him as he moved across the hall . 
 his hand landed on her shoulder , seeking to give her comfort . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he asked quietly , his voice nearly a growl . 
 `` we were just discussing plans for the homecoming dance . '' 
 devon 's eyebrows drew sharply together as he glanced questioningly around the group . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yes , there 's a meeting today , and since i have n't gone to one in awhile i thought it would be a good idea to attend . '' 
 he stared at her in disbelief . 
 `` really ? '' 
 cassie smiled at him , pressing closer to his side . 
 confusion radiated from him , but he did n't say anything more . 
 `` so i will see you later , '' cassie said softly , keeping her false grin plastered to her face . 
 it was obvious that marcy wanted to argue this point , but with devon present she was n't going to say a word . 
 turning to devon , cassie slipped her hand into his , keeping her smile plastered on as she pulled him gently away . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 she waited till they turned the corner before her shoulders slumped and she relaxed against him . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she admitted , confused as to what she had just done . 
 she should have remained slinking through the hallways , trying to stay hidden , though it was impossible . 
 now she was afraid she may have just poked the bear . 
 `` i really do n't know . '' 
 he heaved a sigh as he slid his arm around her shoulders , pulling her against him . 
 `` are you really going to this thing ? '' 
 taking a deep breath , she nodded as she bit nervously on her bottom lip . 
 though she had jumped before looking , she was committed now , and she intended to stay that way . 
 turning another corner dani , melissa , and chris came into view by the cafeteria doors . 
 `` i am . 
 it will be ok , '' she muttered . 
 devon quirked an eyebrow , a small smile twitched at his lips , but his eyes were still clouded with worry . 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 *** devon stood outside the door , leaning casually against the wall as he studied the slowly ticking clock . 
 though cassie had told him to stay away , that she wanted to do this on her own , he was not going far from her . 
 he could n't bring himself to ; even through the thick double doors he could feel her distress and anxiety . 
 he did n't know why she had insisted upon this , but she was determined to go through with it , and there was no stopping her . 
 shifting slightly he shot a look at the group of freshmen boys that scurried past , eyeing him wearily . 
 he quirked an eyebrow , but paid them little attention otherwise . 
 chris came strolling around the corner , a towel tossed over his shoulder , his hair still wet from his shower . 
 he was whistling as he walked , but tension hummed through him . 
 `` how was practice ? '' 
 his whistling died off as he shrugged , pulling the towel from his shoulder . 
 `` be glad when the football season 's over . '' 
 devon nodded , his attention turned back to the closed doors when cassie 's anxiety clicked up a notch . 
 he desperately wanted to go in there and pull her out . 
 she would be infuriated with him though , and she was having a rough enough time without him adding to it . 
 chris studied the closed doors behind him as devon shifted , his agitation growing . 
 he was growing to hate the bitchy , cruel girls in this school . 
 and he was not too fond of the lust filled , envious boys either that were annoyed she had n't chosen them . 
 `` not going well ? '' 
 chris rested his hand against the wall as he studied the closed doors . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe she insisted on this . '' 
 `` i can . '' 
 chris snorted softly . 
 `` true . 
 they almost done in their superears ? '' 
 devon shot him a disgruntled look that chris easily ignored . 
 he turned his attention back to the room , trying to ignore the waves of distress pouring from cassie . 
 he could n't concentrate on what was being said if he did n't block her emotions out . 
 they were talking about decorations , debating whether or not to go with the crystal disco ball . 
 devon was hoping they decided against the ball , as marcy declared that it was a necessity . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he answered chris . 
 `` they 're discussing disco balls right now . '' 
 chris groaned as he rolled his eyes . 
 `` i hate those stupid things , they 're blinding . '' 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 chris grinned at him , using his fingers to bounce himself slightly off the wall . 
 `` yeah they bother cassie a lot too , give her headaches . 
 she has to wear sunglasses around them most of the time . '' 
 devon frowned , withdrawing almost completely from the monotonous conversation within . 
 chris 's words had his attention far more than what color to use for the tablecloths . 
 `` she does ? '' 
 chris nodded as he continued to bounce . 
 `` yeah , the bright light hurts her eyes . '' 
 devon dropped his head , rubbing the bridge of his nose . 
 there was a nagging feeling in the back of his mind that he could n't shake . 
 `` how good is her eyesight ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 chris shrugged negligently . 
 `` do n't really know it 's definitely better than perfect , far better than anyone i 've ever met before . '' 
 chris eyed him for a moment , his eyes narrowed as he tilted his head . 
 `` except maybe for you . '' 
 devon nodded , but he could n't shake the nagging feeling that something was wrong . 
 that something was not quite right . 
 that there was something about cassie they were all missing . 
 `` i see . '' 
 chris stopped bouncing off the wall . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 devon shook his head , stepping away from the wall as the conversation inside turned to dresses . 
 cassie 's boredom beat against him ; he took that as his leave to rescue her . 
 `` i 'll be back . '' 
 `` want me to come with you ; those girls are like a bunch of leeches with you around . '' 
 devon could n't help but grin at him . 
 the kid had gotten on his nerves for a little while , but he was truly beginning to grow on him now . 
 `` plus you might need some help with cassie , she ca n't be mad at both of us . '' 
 `` you would like to think . '' 
 chris chuckled softly as he wrapped the towel around the back of his neck , grasping both sides and pulling on it . 
 `` lead the way . '' 
 devon pushed the doors open , stepping into the dimly lit gym . 
 the group of girls was gathered at the far end , their heads bent close together , a pile of papers scattered amongst them . 
 cassie stood off to the side , leaning against the wall . 
 her head was bowed ; her golden hair cascaded in front of her in thick waves . 
 she lifted her head slightly when the door opened ; her eyes were bright even in the darkened room . 
 relief radiated from her as she took a small step away from the wall . 
 soft laughter drifted in the air as marcy waved her hands in a wide arch . 
 bending down , cassie grabbed hold of her bag , swinging it easily over her shoulder . 
 the conversation stopped as their attention turned briefly to her before their heads snapped toward devon and chris . 
 there was a collective inhalation of breaths . 
 devon paid them no mind as he strolled past , eager to get to cassie . 
 he craved her touch like a man in the desert craved water . 
 she reached for him , a sigh of relief and joy escaping her as his hand slid easily into hers . 
 he saw no anger in her amused , twinkling gaze . 
 only love radiated from her as she stood on tiptoe to kiss him gently . 
 `` i thought you could use a rescue . '' 
 `` i could , '' she said softly . 
 `` it took you long enough to get in here . '' 
 he grinned at her , brushing her hair gently back from her exquisite face . 
 his fingers lingered on her silken cheek , caressing it gently as she turned into his touch . 
 he pulled her closer , kissing her forehead lightly as he fought against all of the urges that sprang forth in him . 
 he wanted to kiss her deeper , longer , forever . 
 at the same time he wanted to sink his teeth into her elegant neck and devour her sweet blood . 
 he shuddered slightly , his hand tightening upon her . 
 though he knew he would never conquer his fierce need for her , he had hoped that it would not be as intense all the time . 
 just once , he would like to hold her , and know what it was like to savor in the touch and feel of her , without having to fight with himself . 
 sighing softly , he pulled reluctantly away , gently rubbing the back of her neck . 
 she gazed sadly up at him from under her thick lashes . 
 sometimes he wished that she did n't understand him as well as she did . 
 he knew that she saw into his soul , saw his need , and ached for his sadness and unending hunger . 
 he wished that he could keep it hidden from her ; he did n't want her to shoulder any of his burdens . 
 but she did know him that well , and though he tried his hardest , he could not keep his burdens from her . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said softly , eager to get her out of here and take her somewhere that she felt safe and sheltered . 
 somewhere that people could not hurt her any further . 
 `` i 'll see you guys thursday , '' she called to the silent group . 
 marcy 's mouth dropped , strange sputtering noises escaped her . 
 `` you ca n't be serious !? '' 
 she squawked , shocked into letting her resentment of cassie show in front of him . 
 `` completely . '' 
 devon shot marcy a dark look as she continued to gape , those strange noises still escaping her . 
 `` but we do n't need any more help . '' 
 cassie grinned at her . 
 `` after the ideas i heard today , i would say you do . '' 
 there was a collective inhalation of breaths . 
 cassie turned away , anger flashing across her delicate features . 
 pride bloomed through devon as he pulled her closer , kissing the top of her head lightly . 
 chapter 13 cassie spent the next couple of weeks dragging herself to the homecoming meetings . 
 she remained standing on the outside , any ideas she offered were immediately shot down . 
 she had not expected any of them to be accepted , and she had not expected to be accepted once more , but she could n't stop herself from going and taking the abuse three times a week . 
 her reception got colder every time she went , the iciness at school grew , but she continued to forge on . 
 continued to try and ignore it . 
 having devon by her side was the only thing that kept her consistently going . 
 without him , she was n't even sure that she would be able to drag herself out of bed in the morning . 
 let alone drag herself into the school that despised her . 
 it was taking a toll on her , beating her down . 
 she was tired all the time , but she had not backed down . 
 she could n't . 
 `` you look beautiful . '' 
 dani stood in cassie 's doorway , a bowl of popcorn in her arms as she leaned against the door frame . 
 cassie managed a wan smile for her . 
 she was n't feeling beautiful , and although she should have been excited for the dance . 
 she was not . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 dani smiled at her as she came into the room , dropping the bowl onto cassie 's bureau . 
 she had been a little unsettled when she had first moved into the house , but over the past couple of weeks she had relaxed , and was far more at home . 
 cassie had started to look at her like a little sister , grateful for her company during those few hours when devon was away hunting , and chris returned home to watch over his mother . 
 she was also glad for dani 's unwavering friendship , a friendship that had been given easily , and with no conditions . 
 `` just giving you a warning , lily already has the camera set up and ready to go . '' 
 cassie laughed softly as she smoothed the front of her deep violet dress . 
 it was strapless , clinging to her upper body before flowing out gently to her knees . 
 when she 'd seen it , she had known instantly that she had to have it . 
 and she did not regret it for a moment , even if it was a little more daring than she would normally like . 
 she did n't know how devon was going to react to the dress . 
 she hoped that he liked it , but she did n't wish to test the boundaries of his control . 
 she simply wanted to feel normal again tonight , to be a normal teenage girl for once , even if she did n't think it was possible . 
 `` you do n't think it 's a little too much , or actually less ? '' 
 she asked worriedly . 
 dani chuckled softly . 
 `` i think it 's perfect , and you 're wearing waaaaay more clothing then most of the other girls will be . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 cassie nodded , but she still could n't shake the uncomfortable feeling that had settled over her . 
 `` yeah , but they 're not dating vampire 's , '' she muttered . 
 dani laughed as she shook back her dark hair . 
 the blood red tips had been replaced with white blond ones . 
 `` nope , they all just wish they were dating him , '' dani told her . 
 cassie snorted softly , twisting her hair up into a loose knot that rested against the nape of her neck . 
 `` it will be fine ; the dress really is n't that revealing cass . '' 
 she nodded , not feeling as reassured as dani wanted , but deciding not to stress about it anymore . 
 it was too late ; she had already wearing the dress and devon would be here any minute . 
 the second the thought crossed her mind , the doorbell rang . 
 cassie 's hand fluttered nervously up to the pearls at her neck . 
 they were her grandmother 's , her mother had worn them on her wedding day and they would one day be cassie 's . 
 a wave of sadness washed over her , for a brief moment she wished that her parents were here . 
 she loved her grandmother dearly , and would never trade a moment of her life with her , but every once in awhile she wished that her parents had also been around to watch her grow up , to also be a part of her life . 
 with a soft sigh , she pushed the melancholy thoughts aside ; there was no place for them tonight . 
 tonight was about her friends , devon , and this dance . 
 tonight was for fun , and she was going to have it for a change . 
 taking strength from the pearls , cassie grabbed her pea coat from her bed and draped it over her arm . 
 she listened as her grandmother let devon , melissa , and chris in . 
 `` i wish you could come , '' she said as she turned back to dani . 
 the younger girl studied her carefully for a moment . 
 `` i do n't , i 'm glad i 'm too young . 
 it 's not exactly my thing . '' 
 `` mine either , '' cassie admitted softly . 
 `` not anymore anyway . '' 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 forcing a smile , cassie nodded . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` well come on then , you do n't want to keep them waiting . '' 
 dani grabbed her bowl of popcorn , fairly bouncing as she led the way down the hall . 
 cassie realized that the popcorn had not been made for a movie , but this was dani 's show . 
 shaking her head , she fought back a chuckle as dani darted down the stairs . 
 cassie made her way slowly down , turning the corner into the living room . 
 her breath froze in her lungs as she caught sight of devon standing by the mantle . 
 his hair had been brushed back from the hard plains of his face . 
 the finely tailored sports coat he wore clung to his hard , broad shoulders . 
 he looked magnificent , strong , powerful , and oh so handsome that he made her heart ache . 
 need tore through her , along with the overwhelming urge to touch him , to feel him , to never part from him again . 
 he stiffened when he saw her , his eyes flashed fiercely in the light ; hunger blossomed in their brilliant emerald depths . 
 his mouth parted slightly as his gaze raked slowly over her , causing heat to burn through her . 
 an inner quaking took root in her , shaking through muscle and bone . 
 her mouth went dry , her heart hammered with its fierce desire for him . 
 his gaze slowly returned to hers , burning with a fire the likes of which she had never seen before . 
 cassie 's tremors intensified , leaving her weak kneed . 
 no , the dress had not been a good idea at all . 
 but then , she felt she could be wearing a sack and he would still look at her like she was a treat that he wanted to devour . 
 he moved slowly toward her , his movements reminding her of an animal stalking its prey . 
 she did n't know if she was more frightened to be his prey , or excited to be it . 
 stopping before her , his gaze slowly perused her once more . 
 cassie shivered , her breath exploded from her as he took hold of her hand , his touch seared into her skin , burned its way into every molecule of her body as she was branded by him for the rest of her life . 
 she would always remember the way that he felt against her , the delicious way that he made her feel . 
 she would never forget how perfect his skin was , how right and true it was . 
 even if she could n't have him forever , she would have the memories , and the feeling , for she could recall it all in an instant . 
 he bent low over her hand , his eyes never leaving hers as he placed a gentle kiss upon her . 
 cassie 's mouth parted , her pulse pounded rapidly in her temples as liquid lava pooled through her . 
 his head bent over her hand , his lips pressed so gently against her skin was the most debonair , sweetest thing she had ever seen . 
 he kept hold of her hand as he stood slowly . 
 `` you look exquisite , '' he whispered . 
 heat flooded cassie 's face ; she looked away from him , unable to take the overwhelming sensations beating against her . 
 her body was a tumult of emotions and feelings that were crashing wildly against each other . 
 his hand tightened upon hers , the gentle stroking of his thumb did nothing to ease the chaos clamoring through her . 
 `` let me get a picture of everyone , '' her grandmother said , her voice slightly strained . 
 cassie met her grandmother 's slightly amused , slightly dazed gaze . 
 devon moved to her side , his arm encircling her waist . 
 the feel of him caused her skin to hum with electricity . 
 `` everyone smile ! '' 
 dani leaned happily against the wall , munching on popcorn , smiling in amusement as everyone was moved around and ordered to smile repeatedly . 
 cassie 's face hurt by the time her grandmother was done snapping pictures , but it was worth it to see the bright smile on her pretty face , and the happy gleam in her eyes . 
 `` ok , you guys can go now ! '' 
 her grandmother announced happily , letting the camera drop back around her neck . 
 cassie sighed in relief , her feet were beginning to ache and she was ready to get this night over with . 
 devon approached with her coat in hand ; a small smile curved his full mouth as his eyes twinkled at her . 
 `` will you even come out in those pictures ? '' 
 she inquired softly . 
 a small chuckle escaped him as he slipped the coat around her shoulders . 
 `` not all the myths are true , love , '' he whispered in her ear , his lips brushing lightly against her skin sent a shiver throughout her . 
 she needed to get control of herself around him , or this was going to be a very long , very tortuous night . 
 slipping his hand into hers , he led her toward the door . 
 `` cassie wait ! '' 
 she turned as her grandmother hurried over , a small box in hand . 
 cassie frowned as her grandmother handed her the box , a small smile on her face , but a wealth of sadness in her sky blue eyes . 
 `` i think it 's time you had this . '' 
 cassie took the box from her , opening it slowly . 
 a small gasp escaped as she caught sight of the delicate emerald ring . 
 the stone was small , but it shimmered in the light of the room . 
 surrounding the emerald were four petite , perfect diamonds . 
 cassie 's hand shook as she pulled the ring free , carefully handling the small gold band . 
 `` it was my mother 's wedding ring and was meant for your mother . '' 
 cassie glanced up at her , tears welling in her eyes . 
 `` grandma , i do n't think i should take this . '' 
 her grandmother 's hands enfolded hers , her sky colored eyes were intense . 
 `` of course you should . 
 your mother would want you to have it . 
 she would be so proud of you dear , just as i am . '' 
 a single tear slipped down cassie 's cheek , but her grandma quickly wiped it away . 
 `` i 'm not giving it to you to make you cry , '' she said happily , although a strange sadness still clung to her . 
 `` you are a woman now ; you should have the things that mark you as such . '' 
 cassie could only nod as her grandmother took the ring from her and slipped it onto her right hand . 
 `` perfect fit ! '' 
 cassie stared silently down at the beautiful , delicate ring . 
 rapidly blinking back tears , she threw her arms around her grandmother , hugging her tight . 
 her grandmother 's slight frame shook slightly as she patted cassie 's back gently . 
 `` i 'll always be proud of you , always love you dear . '' 
 cassie pulled slightly away , staring questioningly into her grandmother 's sky colored eyes . 
 it seemed like such an odd thing to say , but then again it was a big night , for most people at least . 
 `` i 'll always love you , '' she whispered , dropping a kiss on her grandmother 's soft cheek . 
 her eyes were sad as cassie pulled away , but she was smiling brightly . 
 `` go on now ; i 've held you up long enough . '' 
 she patted cassie 's shoulder as she all but shoved them out the door . 
 cassie flashed a bright grin over her shoulder as they made their way to devon 's sleek challenger . 
 he held the door open for them , chris and melissa piled into the back . 
 taking hold of her hand he helped her slide into the passenger seat , his hand lingered on hers before he shut the door and hurried to the driver 's side . 
 arriving at the school , they piled out into the crush of students making their way through the doors . 
 cassie handed her coat over to the parent running the coat check . 
 without the material , she felt more exposed and vulnerable . 
 sensing her distress , devon slipped his arm around her waist , pulling her tight against his side . 
 `` it will be ok , '' he said gently . 
 swallowing heavily , she nodded . 
 she kept her shoulders straight as she allowed him to lead her into the heavily decorated gym . 
 marcy and company had decided to make the theme of the party cape cod in the fall . 
 though it was neither creative nor original -lrb- as it had been done three years ago -rrb- it was pretty . 
 the walls were decorated with a vast array of leaves in every color of the rainbow . 
 play box sand was spread across the dance floor , there were already groups dancing without their shoes on . 
 scattered amongst the sand were leaves that had been sorted through and brought in from outside . 
 hurricane lanterns , with long white candles , had been set out on the tables . 
 sand , seashells , starfish , and sand dollars were spread out around them . 
 banners hung from the ceiling in the school colors of blue and gold , and the annoying disco ball was in place , bright lights already bounced blindingly off of it . 
 cassie winced as she shaded her eyes , trying to block out the sparkling light . 
 at the back of the large gymnasium the band was playing . 
 she recognized john parks and lyle white playing bass and drums . 
 they had graduated last year , and their band was one of the few in town that was actually decent . 
 the slow song they were playing switched , and one of their own , heavier songs blasted from the large speakers set up beside the stage . 
 cassie winced again as the noise pounded into her ears . 
 she had forgotten how uncomfortable dances could be for her . 
 forgotten about the noise and the lights , or at least she had wanted to forget anyway . 
 digging into the black clutch purse she had brought , she pulled out her sunglasses . 
 slipping them on , she was able to ease at least one of the annoyances , grateful for the dark glasses that placed the room into mellower shades and hues . 
 devon was studying her with concern , but she shook her head as she smiled reassuringly at him . 
 with the pain in her eyes eased , she was able to take in more of the students milling around , greeting their friends as they talked eagerly . 
 dresses sparkled in an array of colors in the light of the ball . 
 everyone looked beautiful , happy , and bright . 
 cassie could n't help but smile . 
 these people may not like her anymore , but she had grown up with them , had once been a big part of their worlds , and she was happy that they had been given this night . 
 happy that she had helped to give them this night , even if it had n't been all that much help . 
 devon 's hand on her elbow was gentle as he led her over to one of the tables tucked against the back wall . 
 relief filled her ; it was one of the tables farthest from the disco ball , and speakers . 
 though the gym was packed , he parted the crowd easily . 
 either that or they parted away from her . 
 pulling a chair out , he waited till she was seated before pushing it in . 
 bending low , he kissed her cheek gently , sending a shiver through her . 
 cassie smiled up at him , slipping her glasses off as the table was far enough away for the light not to hurt as much anymore . 
 `` it looks nice in here cass , '' chris said , his eyes raking over the decorations . 
 `` i did n't have much to do with it . '' 
 he shrugged absently , his attention mostly on the crowd . 
 `` damn , i was hoping there would be some new girls here , '' he muttered . 
 cassie lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` if there were any , they would probably be here with their boyfriends . '' 
 he grinned at her as he shrugged again . 
 `` like they 'd be any competition , '' he replied with a cocky smile . 
 cassie laughed softly , shaking her head at him in disbelief . 
 `` there are other girls here . '' 
 `` yeah but they 're all from our school , and i 'm not that fond of them anymore . '' 
 his eyes were hard as they met hers , his jaw clenched . 
 cassie ducked her head , knowing that his dislike was because of the way they treated her now . 
 she wanted to apologize , wishing that she could change things , but knowing that he would not appreciate her apology , or want it . 
 melissa appeared at his side , shaking her head as she dropped three drinks on the table . 
 the sleek black dress she wore highlighted her caramel colored skin and onyx eyes . 
 it clung to her slender body , showing off her curves . 
 her black hair had been pulled into a twist at the nape of her neck ; her long hair flowed from it in curls . 
 she looked stunning . 
 `` to bad the people were n't as nice as the decor , '' she muttered . 
 `` no kidding . '' 
 chris grabbed one of the drinks , sipping it as he continued to survey the crowd . 
 cassie settled back in her seat , leaning into the arm that devon had draped around the back of her chair . 
 he rubbed her shoulder gently , his touch soothing the aching tension that had settled inside of her . 
 they sat for an hour , watching the people milling about , mingling and dancing . 
 melissa and chris strayed away once in awhile , but for the most part they stayed close . 
 though they were not as disliked as cassie , their close association with her had definitely lessened their popularity . 
 devon leaned close to her , his nose brushing against her cheek as he gently caressed the nape of her neck . 
 she studied him with wide eyes , he studied her as if he were about to devour her . 
 shivering in delight , she leaned closer to him . 
 `` want to dance ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 excitement blazed forth as she nodded eagerly . 
 she could n't imagine anything better than being wrapped in his arms , held tight against him . 
 helping her from her chair , he led her out to the dance floor , ignoring the whispered comments that followed . 
 reaching the edge of the dance space , cassie kicked off her heels , allowing her toes to dig into the fresh sand . 
 wrapping his arms around her , devon lifted her briefly off the ground as he pulled her close . 
 cassie forgot all about the decorations and the catty whispers as she lost herself to the wonderful feel of him . 
 resting her hands against his chest , she traced lightly over the hard muscles beneath the thin cotton shirt he wore . 
 his eyes sparked with desire , his nostrils flared slightly . 
 cassie 's breath escaped her ; she was unable to look away from the burning intensity of his emerald gaze as he moved her slowly . 
 even the lights of the ball did not bother her as every ounce of her was focused upon him . 
 she could see nothing else , feel nothing else . 
 slowly , tantalizingly he bent his head , his lips gently brushed over hers . 
 cassie 's hands clenched on his shirt , she stood on tiptoe as she met his butterfly caress eagerly . 
 heat flared through her , her toes curled as her eyes closed . 
 bliss spread over her , heat pooled through her whole body . 
 his hand wrapped around the back of her neck , pulling her tighter , the kiss deepened as his tongue flickered lightly against her lips . 
 opening her mouth , cassie eagerly accepted his invasion ; the fierce need burning through her built rapidly as his tongue ravaged her mouth . 
 she wanted more of him , she wanted all of him , and for the moment she did n't care what had to happen in order to have him . 
 pulling her tighter against him , she gasped in delighted surprise as their bodies were pushed firmly against each other , fitting as seamlessly as two puzzle pieces . 
 her fingers dug into his skin , fighting the urge to rip his shirt from him , and ridding him of the annoying hindrance of clothes that separated them . 
 he pulled away suddenly , his smoky gaze dark and stunned . 
 loss consumed her , she wanted more than his kisses , she needed more . 
 she needed all of him , forever . 
 ducking her head , she knew that there was only one way that could happen , but for the first time the idea of it did not petrify her . 
 it did not disgust her , and it did not make her want to flee screaming . 
 devon was not a monster ; she did not have to be one either . 
 she would have to drink blood , which was repulsive to her , but she was sure that she could eventually get over that . 
 and maybe , after a few centuries , she would even be able to go out in the sun again . 
 sighing softly , she rested her head against his chest . 
 for the first time she realized that she would give up anything for him , rather than lose him . 
 even her mortality . 
 but was it such a bad thing to lose ? 
 suddenly a floodgate opened inside her . 
 hopes and dreams bubbled rapidly forth , shooting out like a geyser erupting . 
 no , they were not normal dreams as there would be no college , and no children . 
 or at least she did n't think there would be children ; she was n't entirely sure how that worked . 
 but she and devon would be a family ; she would be loved and cherished , for eternity . 
 they could share so much together , and though she would have to lose some things , she would be gaining so much more . 
 besides she had n't had any dreams of college , and a home or a family , for the past four years . 
 she had given them up when she 'd learned about her hunter heritage . 
 but devon was returning some of her other dreams to her , giving her more than she had ever dared to hope for . 
 a lump formed in her throat , tears burned her eyes . 
 his hand wrapped gently around the back of her neck , cradling her softly as his thumb stroked her skin . 
 desire did not pool through her this time . 
 instead , she was enshrouded in a cocoon of love and warmth . 
 a glow spread throughout , her world became one of peaceful bliss as all of her worries , insecurities , and doubts were brushed away by his tender touch . 
 his lips were gentle as they brushed over her hair , touched her cheek , before lightly caressing her neck . 
 her hands tightened on the hard muscle of his arms , curling into his skin . 
 she could stay like this forever . 
 she knew it in every one of her cells . 
 she could be with him forever . 
 she had no fear that their love would dissipate . 
 in fact , she knew that it would grow stronger every day , every minute . 
 she would tell him tonight that as soon as school was over , she would join him . 
 though she had no need for high school , she felt that she had to finish it . 
 she had come this far already , and it would mean a lot to her grandmother . 
 she also needed to stay human until julian was taken care of . 
 she could not disappear from town during the day , only to be seen lurking through the shadows at night . 
 that would open up a lot of trouble for all of them . 
 far more trouble than they needed right now . 
 she hoped that devon could wait that long , and that it would n't be too much stress on him . 
 but , maybe once he knew her decision , things would be easier for him . 
 she hoped they would anyway . 
 the last thing she wanted was to cause him anymore distress . 
 she was so wrapped up in the touch and feel of him that she had n't realized the music had stopped until the loud tapping of the microphone pierced her lovely haze . 
 lifting her head she blinked blearily at the stage . 
 the band was standing in the background ; mrs. dickson had taken the microphone . 
 `` excuse me everyone , it is time to announce the homecoming king and queen ! '' 
 cassie groaned inwardly as she rolled her eyes . 
 she may be a nominee , but she was fairly certain that they probably would n't even read her name . 
 she had no prayer of making queen , and no matter how much she told herself she did n't care , she did . 
 especially since devon had a good chance of being king , and marcy queen . 
 the idea of marcy getting to share even one dance with devon was enough to make her blood boil . 
 reluctantly pulling away from devon , she kept her arm wrapped around his waist as they made their way to the edge of the dance floor . 
 wiping her feet on one of the soft mats at the edge of the sand , she slipped her heels back on . 
 devon led her through the crowd , winding their way toward the table as he kept a firm hold on her . 
 the buzz about the upcoming election had quieted the buzz about her , and for the first time people did not scatter to get out of her way . 
 chris was still standing by the table , and off to the left cassie spotted melissa 's dark head coming through the crowd . 
 chris grinned at her , folding his arms over his chest as they approached . 
 `` i thought i was going to have to get a fire extinguisher for you two . '' 
 cassie 's face flamed red , devon shot him a warning glance that only caused chris 's smile to grow as he chuckled softly . 
 `` just what i 've been waiting for all night , '' melissa muttered sarcastically as she arrived at their side . 
 `` do you already know who 's going to win ? '' 
 cassie inquired , unable to stop herself . 
 melissa grinned as she shook her head . 
 `` nope , only had a vision about the nominees , this one is a complete surprise to me . 
 well , as much as it could be anyway . 
 i think we all know who 's going to win . '' 
 devon frowned at her . 
 `` who ? '' 
 the three of them just stared at him until he got the point . 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` yes you , '' chris replied , laughing softly as his tone took on that of the childhood song . 
 devon looked even more confused as he glanced over the three of them . 
 `` humans , '' he muttered , causing the three of them to laugh . 
 `` what is this thing anyway ? '' 
 `` a tradition , i suppose , '' melissa answered . 
 `` hmm , '' he grunted , clearly still not getting it . 
 cassie did n't try to explain further , for she was n't entirely certain she even understood it . 
 not anymore anyway . 
 the gymnasium grew quiet as kara made her way onto the stage , taking the envelopes from mrs. dickinson . 
 kara grinned brightly as she stepped up to the microphone . 
 `` hi everyone , '' she greeted . 
 `` as vice president of the student body i have been chosen to announce the winners . '' 
 she unfolded a piece of paper , reading off the names of the male nominees . 
 chris and devon stiffened beside her as their names were called . 
 `` and the winner is ... '' kara paused for dramatic effect as her eyes happily scanned the crowd . 
 melissa sighed heavily , rolling her eyes in annoyance . 
 turning her attention back to the envelopes , kara eagerly tore one open . 
 `` devon knight ! '' 
 she announced happily . 
 cassie closed her eyes as pain bloomed in her chest . 
 she had no reason to feel wounded , but she could n't help it . 
 she did n't want him up there , dancing with some other girl . 
 `` devon , where are you devon !? '' 
 kara cried eagerly into the microphone as a spotlight blazed from the stage . 
 cassie blinked as the bright light flared into her eyes , burning her retinas . 
 she turned swiftly away from it , blocking it with her hand . 
 devon stepped in front of her , his sleek body blocking out the light far better than her hand did . 
 `` cassie ? '' 
 she blinked him back into focus , admiring the masculine beauty of him highlighted by the light glowing around his edges . 
 `` go on , get up there before they blind me with that thing . '' 
 her tone was far brighter than she felt , but the faster he went up there the faster this awful experience could be over . 
 he grabbed hold of her , a desperate urgency radiating from him as he drew her against him . 
 cassie did n't have time to react as his mouth descended fiercely upon hers , ravaging her with an intensity that left her boneless and limp . 
 when he pulled away from her , cassie managed to gasp in a ragged breath that did nothing to ease the flip flopping of her heart . 
 `` you 'll always be my queen , '' he whispered in her ear . 
 a hard lump formed in her throat as she nodded . 
 reluctantly releasing her , devon turned and made his way through the oddly silent crowd . 
 cassie glanced rapidly around , realizing that their kiss had been center stage , highlighted by the spotlight . 
 embarrassment did not wash through her ; instead , she straightened her shoulders and glared at everyone who continued to stare at her . 
 all eyes turned swiftly away from her as devon climbed onto the stage . 
 the silence was suddenly broken by loud clapping , shrill shrieks , and whistles from the girls . 
 `` really ? '' 
 cassie muttered . 
 `` it 's like the freaking beatles , '' chris said , shaking his head in disbelief . 
 melissa stepped closer to cassie , draping her arm around her shoulders . 
 kara looked like she was going to explode with excitement as she gestured devon down to slip the crown onto his head . 
 cassie bit her lip , trying not to laugh as a look of utter disbelief crossed his face . 
 it was a look that could have been mistaken for humility , but cassie knew it was because he simply did not understand this human customs . 
 chris started to laugh , a full bodied laugh that rumbled out of him . 
 despite herself , cassie could not help but join him , shaking her head as devon stepped back . 
 melissa rolled her eyes again , chuckling softly . 
 `` he looks so lost , '' she said softly , her chuckles growing in intensity . 
 `` yeah he does , '' chris agreed enthusiastically . 
 `` big bad vampire taken down by a crown ! '' 
 the three of them burst into loud laughter that drew the attention of the few students closest to them . 
 they did n't pay attention as they clung to each other , laughing loudly . 
 at some point through it , cassie realized that they were not truly laughing at the situation . 
 they were laughing because they needed to . 
 it had been so long since she had heard their laughter , so long since she had expressed any of her own . 
 the release was wonderful . 
 kara stepped up to the microphone , drawing cassie 's attention back to the stage . 
 wiping back the tears that had formed in her eyes , cassie was slowly able to regain control . 
 devon was watching her with a raised eyebrow ; amusement glowed in the depths of his bright emerald eyes . 
 she waved at him , unable to completely rid herself of the silly grin she wore . 
 `` and now nominee 's for homecoming queen ! '' 
 kara announced eagerly . 
 that was enough to make her smile slip away . 
 melissa 's hand tightened on her shoulder as the names were read off . 
 cassie felt a small jolt of surprise when she was mentioned . 
 she had expected her name to be as eradicated as she had been in the eyes of the student body . 
 well not completely eradicated as she was still the center of attention , she was just the most hated person in school now . 
 `` and the winner is ... '' again the dramatic pause as kara ripped into the envelope . 
 her bright grin caused cassie 's stomach to roll violently . 
 `` marcy hodgins ! '' 
 loud applause exploded through the room . 
 cassie did n't move , did n't even breathe as she watched marcy eagerly climb the stage . 
 marcy 's grin was so wide that every one of her teeth showed . 
 she waved like a queen to the crowd , as she eagerly accepted her crown and flowers . 
 `` thank you everyone ! '' 
 she announced into the microphone . 
 `` thank you so much ! '' 
 `` they love me , they really love me ! '' 
 chris said with a high falsetto , he fluttered his lashes as he folded his hands demurely before him . 
 despite the sick feeling in her stomach , cassie could not help but laugh again . 
 chris never failed to cheer her up ; he always seemed to know exactly what to do in order to get a laugh from her . 
 he grinned back at her , his sapphire eyes twinkling merrily . 
 without chris she would have been lost long ago , adrift in a world that she did n't understand . 
 they had survived the slaughter together , had moved everywhere together , and had grown closer than any brother and sister ever could have . 
 the band began to play again , catching cassie 's attention as the soft song drifted from the speakers . 
 the lead singer moved forward , reclaiming his microphone . 
 `` now for the king and queen to share a dance ! '' 
 he announced . 
 cassie ran her hands up and down her arms as her skin began to crawl . 
 this was the part that she had been dreading . 
 melissa 's arm tightened around her . 
 devon glanced helplessly at her as marcy seized hold of his hand . 
 cassie managed a wan , reassuring smile as she nodded briefly . 
 marcy led him eagerly forward , practically pulling him down the steps of the makeshift stage . 
 chris laughed coldly as he shook his head . 
 `` could she be any more desperate ? '' 
 melissa muttered in disgust . 
 `` she 's been looking forward to this for months . 
 even if i had n't fallen from grace i think she would have stuffed the ballot box just for this dance , '' cassie said softly . 
 `` have to agree . '' 
 they reached the dance floor ; marcy released devon 's hand as she practically threw herself into his arms . 
 he took a small step back , a disapproving frown marring his attractive face as he took a step back . 
 marcy chose to ignore it ; stepping close once again , she wrapped her arms around his waist and rested her head on his chest . 
 the tingling of cassie 's skin became worse ; her heart lumbered painfully in her chest . 
 she could n't stand to watch this , but she could n't bring her frozen legs to move either . 
 devon rested his hands lightly on marcy 's shoulder , holding her slightly back when she tried to get even closer . 
 which cassie did n't think was possible . 
 groaning softly , cassie tore her gaze away when marcy 's hands drifted down to his ass . 
 though she knew that devon wanted nothing to do with this dance , or marcy , she could n't stand to watch anymore . 
 `` i have to go to the bathroom , '' she blurted , spinning out of melissa 's light hold . 
 `` cassie . '' 
 melissa grabbed hold of her hand , halting her progress . 
 `` he does n't want this . '' 
 cassie nodded as she gently tugged her hand free of melissa 's . 
 `` i know that , but i also do n't want to watch it . '' 
 `` i 'll come with you . '' 
 cassie shook her head , the crawling of her skin growing more intense . 
 she could n't see what was happening anymore , but she was certain that marcy was still doing her best to grope devon . 
 `` i just need a few minutes . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 melissa 's eyes were sad but cassie did n't stop . 
 hurrying swiftly through the crowd , she ignored the stares and mutters that followed her . 
 she also ignored the satisfied smirks on the faces of marcy 's friends . 
 girls who had once been her friends too . 
 the only one who did n't look completely smug was kara . 
 cassie met her gaze for a brief moment , a surge of hope spurting through her at the sorrow and loss that filled her old friends gaze . 
 for a moment she felt a connection to the girl again . 
 then kara blinked , her eyes darted to the girls surrounding her before she turned swiftly away . 
 anger surged through cassie , anger at kara , and anger at herself for even momentarily entertaining the idea that kara might once again be her friend . 
 she should have known that kara would not risk the censure of the rest of the school . 
 she would not go against the grain by alienating herself , and becoming the outcast that cassie had . 
 though cassie could not entirely blame kara , she still could n't help the hurt that shot through her . 
 turning away , cassie hurried through the rest of the crowd , forcing herself not to bolt from the room , and the people inside it . 
 she burst out of the gym , taking a deep breath of the cooler , fresher air . 
 her hands clung to her arms , trying hard to stop the shaking that had seeped into her bones . 
 heels clicking on the linoleum floor , cassie made her way slowly to the bathroom as she attempted to regain control of her wildly swaying emotions . 
 pushing the bathroom door open , she poked her head inside . 
 kelly jackson was at the sink washing her hands ; kelly froze as her eyes met cassie 's in the mirror . 
 cassie gave her a brief nod before continuing onto one of the stalls . 
 closing the door , she leaned her forehead against the cool metal , grateful for the brief , solitary peace as she inhaled and exhaled deeply . 
 she listened as kelly left the bathroom before popping the door back open and stepping outside once more . 
 making her way to the sink , cassie turned the cold water on . 
 splashing her face , she found her control slowly returning as the water shocked her out of the dull haze suffusing her . 
 grabbing some paper towels , she dried her face . 
 the door opened and closed again , she did n't look up ; she could n't take the shunning and disgust anymore . 
 she was in control again ; she did n't need to be rattled out of it . 
 footsteps rang across the floor , stopping behind her . 
 cassie frowned , a chill swept down her back as her heart leapt into her throat . 
 a shimmering wall seemed to come down upon her as a wave of terror suffused her . 
 freezing like a deer trapped in the headlights , cassie 's hands tightened upon the sink , her heart lurched and leapt as fear seized hold of her muscles locking them in place . 
 she knew who was behind her , knew who had come in . 
 she knew what he wanted , but her body refused to react to such knowledge . 
 slowly , ever so achingly slowly , she lifted her head to look in the mirror . 
 julian stood behind her ; a cruel smile twisted his beautiful face as his icy blue eyes clashed with hers in the glass . 
 his white blond hair was spiked up in disarray , showing off the hard angles of his perfect face . 
 though cassie was petrified into immobility , her mind somehow processed the fact that the just out of bed style looked good on him . 
 though , she was certain that there probably was n't much that did n't look good on him . 
 for a moment they simply gazed at each other , silently surveying the competition . 
 he was enjoying playing with her like a cat with a mouse , practically salivating at the thought of draining her dry . 
 she was simply trying to get her brain to work again as she struggled to grasp the ramifications of this situation . 
 `` for what it 's worth , you definitely had my vote . '' 
 cassie 's mind lurched into action as his melodic voice pounded into her ears . 
 the terror tearing through her was pushed aside as her survival instinct finally kicked into high gear and years of training poured through her . 
 he would kill her if he got a hold of her , and there was no one around to help her . 
 she wanted to kick herself for turning melissa down , but she was extremely grateful that her friend was not here now . 
 at least they would n't both be killed tonight . 
 melissa could go on with her life , even if cassie could n't . 
 no matter what happened though , no matter how this all turned out , she was not going down without a fight , and julian would not walk away from this without injury . 
 `` though you are n't a queen , you can be my princess . '' 
 with those purred words , julian launched at her . 
 chapter 14 devon finally managed to extract himself from marcy 's desperate , grasping touch . 
 there had been a time when he had thrived on his inherent ability to attract women , a time when he had reveled in the endless parade of them . 
 not anymore . 
 he wished he could flip a switch and turn the ability off , but unfortunately it did n't work that way . 
 making his way across the floor , he steered clear of the girls that attempted to approach him . 
 all he wanted was to get back to cassie , take her in his arms , and rid himself of the lingering feel of marcy . 
 the girl had no shame whatsoever ; he tried hard not to shudder at the reminder of her . 
 he stepped clear of the crowd , frowning as he spotted chris and melissa , minus cassie . 
 worry filled his gut as he scanned the students gathered near them . 
 `` where 's cassie ? '' 
 he demanded , far more abruptly than he 'd intended . 
 melissa lifted an eyebrow , studying him with an amused expression . 
 `` the bathroom , she 'll be right back . '' 
 devon shifted ; uneasiness grew in him as he perused the crowd once more . 
 he did n't like the idea of her being alone , even if there were a lot of people in the building . 
 folding his arms , he tapped his foot as he fought the urge to go after her . 
 she needed her freedom , without it she would rebel , chafing against any restraints placed upon her . 
 even as he reminded himself of this fact , his anxiety level hiked up a notch . 
 reaching out , he used his powers to search for her presence . 
 he had become so in tune with her that it was easy for him to shift through the people surrounding him , shoving aside their personalities as he reached for her . 
 his mind clicked onto hers , his body going numb with the cold that suffused him as her terror pounded into him . 
 for a moment he could n't move as her fear tore into him , leaving him frozen in place . 
 he had to pull away from her , had to remove himself from the edges of her frantic mind , otherwise he would be unable to move . 
 breaking free of his paralysis , he bolted forward , shoving people aside in his heedless rush . 
 ignoring the shocked looks he received , he leapt easily over a table as he raced out of the room , not caring that a human would n't be able to move as fast as him , or with as much agility . 
 he did not care if his reaction put doubts and questions into their minds ; all he cared about was getting to her before it was too late . 
 *** cassie darted to the side as julian came at her in a blurring rush that was nearly indistinguishable . 
 she just barely managed to avoid his questing grasp as his hand skimmed over the skin of her back . 
 he spun at her again , coming at her with a ferocity , and a hunger , that sent her heart racing as her fight or flight instinct kicked into hyper drive . 
 she wanted to flee , though it was highly unlikely that she would be able to . 
 her breath was coming in quick , short gasps as she turned swiftly , reaching for the first thing she could grab . 
 her panicked fingers seized hold of the soap dispenser . 
 fear made her stronger as she ripped it from the wall in one fierce pull . 
 he grabbed hold of her shoulders , shoving her backward as he slammed her into the sink . 
 a gasp escaped her as pain flared up her bruised and battered spine . 
 her head smashed into the mirror , breaking the mirror above the sink . 
 shattered glass spilled around them in a tinkling wave that crashed upon the sink and floor . 
 she was momentarily stunned into immobility from the force of the impact . 
 the bright lights of the room reflected harshly off of the shattered pieces , dazing her with their brilliance . 
 she was too terrified and adrenaline filled to succumb to the pain that slammed through her bruised and battered spine , and wounded skull . 
 she would die if she did . 
 blinking back the stars that momentarily filled her field of vision ; she worked hard to bring him back into focus . 
 his beautiful face was twisted into a snarl , his long fangs extended past his lower lip . 
 her breath rushed from her as he struck at her , moving faster than any rattlesnake . 
 reacting on pure instinct cassie swung up and slammed the soap dispenser into the side of his face . 
 soap and plastic bits exploded over them as his assault was knocked off balance , his grip on her jarred . 
 scrambling to get away , cassie tore free of his grasp , darting to the side as she attempted to escape . 
 scuttling swiftly , she realized her folly only too late . 
 the soap had poured all over the floor making the hard linoleum dangerously slippery . 
 her heels skidded through it , her arms pin wheeled as she fought desperately to keep her balance , but it was too late . 
 with a startled cry she fell backwards , crashing to the floor with enough force to knock the breath from her . 
 stunned , cassie shook her head , trying to clear it of the waves of pain suffusing her . 
 her tailbone screamed in agony , pieces of glass sliced into her hands as she sprawled inelegantly across the coated floor . 
 dismay filled her as her heart sank . 
 maybe if she had stayed on her feet , maybe if she had been able to get to the door , she might have had a chance at escape . 
 she would n't be able to do so now . 
 shoving it all aside , she rolled to the side , not caring that her dress became covered in the slippery liquid and torn by the shards of glass . 
 she had to keep moving , it was her only hope , a small one , but it was all she had . 
 as she moved , she kicked off her heels , ridding herself of the hindrance , and hazard , they caused . 
 julian recovered swiftly from the blow she had given him . 
 she lifted herself to her feet , but remained crouching as she rested her wounded hand lightly on the cold linoleum . 
 she froze as she met his intense , heated gaze . 
 through the hunger and annoyance , she saw his amusement , saw how very much he was enjoying toying with her . 
 playing with her . 
 he was going to drag this out for as long as possible , and he was going to enjoy every second of it . 
 though she was bleeding , the scent of her blood did not seem to send him into a frenzy this time as his eyes remained their crystalline blue color . 
 for a moment she could not move , she could only stare at him as despair and anger crashed over her in conflicting waves . 
 she was not ready for this ; it was not her time to die . 
 `` you are a feisty one , '' he said softly , his voice a gentle hiss . 
 `` no wonder devon wants you so bad . '' 
 cassie moved slightly , not wanting to draw his attack quite yet as she tried to adjust herself into a better position . 
 `` i 'm going to enjoy taking you away from him . '' 
 she froze , trapped by his gaze . 
 realization crashed into her , shaking her . 
 `` that 's what this is all about , '' she breathed . 
 `` that 's why you 're here . 
 we did n't draw you in , he did . '' 
 julian grinned at her , flashing his perfect white teeth as his fangs cut into his bottom lip slightly . 
 even with soap dripping off the side of his face , he was hauntingly beautiful and perfect . 
 kneeling slowly before her , he rested his hands lightly on the floor , his eyes twinkling with merriment . 
 `` yes love , that 's what this , is about . 
 or at least that 's why it started . 
 now i have decided that i want you . 
 i want to keep you , and break you , and parade you around in front of devon because when i get into you , i wo n't let you go . 
 you wo n't even know who he is by the time i 'm done with you . 
 your mind will be mine . 
 you will be mine . '' 
 she shook her head , unable to speak as his words brought forth a rolling horror that she could not escape . 
 `` no , no i would never forget him . 
 i would never allow you to do that to me , '' she breathed . 
 his grin widened . 
 `` you 're so cute , '' he taunted . 
 `` you actually think that you would have a choice , but you wo n't . 
 i would n't allow it . 
 for eternity you will be at my every beck and call . 
 you will do everything that i want you to do . 
 and i do mean everything . '' 
 bile surged up her throat , images of what he would do to her smashed through her brain . 
 grabbing hold of her pride , and her strength , cassie tilted her chin defiantly as she met his gaze . 
 `` i 'd rather die . '' 
 a short bark of laughter escaped him as he leaned slightly forward , his body coiled for attack . 
 `` i wo n't make that mistake princess . '' 
 she glared fiercely at him , her lip curled in disgust . 
 `` do n't call me princess . '' 
 leaping easily to her feet , she darted to the side , running a swift zigzag pattern toward the door . 
 toward escape and freedom . 
 toward the only hope of salvation she had . 
 she no longer cared if he killed her , for that would be far better than the alternative he had planned . 
 he was right on her heels , so close that she could feel the heat of his body . 
 spinning , she darted swiftly to the left , just managing to avoid him as he rushed past her . 
 a growl of fury escaped him as he slid to halt . 
 darting back a few feet , she easily avoided the puddle of soap and debris as she rushed toward the stalls . 
 they offered her no protection , she was not foolish enough to think they did , but the longer she stayed free of julian the longer she stayed alive . 
 her evasion of him might also infuriate him to the point that he did kill her by accident , instead of seizing control of her mind and body like he had threatened . 
 there would be nothing worse . 
 nothing . 
 the door slammed off the wall as she lunged into one of the stalls , she did n't bother to attempt to lock it . 
 what would be the point ? 
 leaping onto the toilet , she threw her hands on top of the stall ; ignoring the sharp pain the motion caused her torn and wounded hands . 
 she catapulted herself into the next stall as julian slammed into the door , causing the metal to shriek in protest as it twisted and bent beneath the force of his impact . 
 cassie kept moving , leaping her way over the stalls , heading back toward the door . 
 a roar followed her , julian 's frustration and anger became palpable in the bathroom . 
 reaching the last stall , she leapt easily over it , swinging her legs wide of the soap puddle . 
 he was on her , coming at her with the rushing force of a locomotive . 
 cassie ran as fast as she could , but it was not fast enough , nowhere near fast enough . 
 he was far too powerful for her , far to hell bent on destroying her and devon . 
 the door was mere feet away when his arms encircled her . 
 his iron tight grasp knocked the breath from her as he squeezed hard . 
 a rib cracked , a cry of pain and terror tore from her as his hands dug into her , tearing through the fabric of her dress , slicing her skin . 
 this was it ; this was the way that it was all going to end . 
 she was n't ready ; she so very much was not ready for this . 
 her thoughts turned to devon , sadness consumed her as all of her dreams from earlier shattered . 
 her heart broke at the thought of leaving him , of losing him . 
 cassie tried to dig her feet in , tried to stop julian 's attack , but it was useless as his violent rush propelled them toward the door . 
 chapter 15 devon skidded around the corner of the hall , not losing a step as he raced forward . 
 his body thrummed with dread , his skin crawled with fear . 
 he could n't move any faster , yet it was not fast enough . 
 not nearly fast enough . 
 too much time had passed ; she had been alone with julian for far too long . 
 and he knew that she was with julian , she had to be . 
 only julian could have inspired the amount of terror that was radiating from her . 
 devon tried not to think about the many things that julian could have done to her already . 
 things that devon could never fix . 
 his skin crawled as he flew down the hall . 
 the bathroom was right there , just out of reach , but so very close . 
 the door shattered outward , wood splintered as the door was forced to go in a direction it was not designed to . 
 cassie and julian tumbled out of the wreckage ; they bounced off the wall before slamming onto the floor . 
 shock tore through him as he moved . 
 cassie lurched up , trying to rip free of julian 's grasp , but he clung tight to her . 
 swinging around , her fist connected with his cheek , snapping his head to the side . 
 the scent of her blood , soap , and terror hung heavy in the air but devon had prepared himself for the scent of her blood this time . 
 instead of the smell sending him into a bloodlust again , it only served to enrage him further . 
 he would destroy julian for hurting her ; destroy him for even daring to touch her . 
 julian also seemed to have prepared himself for the scent of her blood this time . 
 instead of becoming wild and crazed with his need to get at her , he remained in complete control of himself as he reached for cassie again . 
 scrambling forward , cassie was nearly free of him when julian reached out , snagged hold of her ankle , and jerked her back . 
 with a startled cry , she fell to the floor , her chin bouncing off the ground with a sharp crack as her hands gave out . 
 devon winced for her as the sound of her teeth crashing together reached him . 
 she screamed as julian pulled her toward him . 
 turning onto her back , she kicked forcefully out . 
 devon was momentarily stunned by the force of her blow . 
 he knew julian 's strength , knew his powers , and what he was capable of . 
 but the force of her blow jerked his head back , the crack of his jaw resonated loudly as julian growled in pain . 
 though she connected hard , he did not let go of her . 
 devon roared , his bellow of fury echoing throughout the halls of the school . 
 cassie 's head whipped toward him , her relief was palpable ; her fear nearly choked him . 
 julian looked up , his eyes widening as a small smile curved his mouth . 
 releasing cassie , he leapt gracefully to his feet . 
 devon bounded over top of her , seizing hold of julian 's throat as he slammed into him . 
 for the first time in over a century he fully released the beast that he had been struggling to keep locked away . 
 it tore free of him with a savage intensity that was more of a relief than he wanted to acknowledge . 
 he would annihilate julian , not only for hurting her , but for daring to touch her at all . 
 all reason fled , his humanity vanished as the monster in him took complete control and his lust for the kill sprang forth . 
 the metal of the lockers twisted and folded , bending beneath their weights with a tortured screech . 
 growls filled the air as they tore at each other with the frenzy of wild animals . 
 devon was so infuriated , so enraged that he did not feel the blow that sliced through his side , spilling his blood . 
 nor did julian slow when devon shattered his arm against the water cooler in the hall . 
 *** cassie crab crawled backward , desperate to escape as julian 's grip was torn free . 
 she watched in horror , her heart leaping into her throat as devon collided with him , smashing him into the lockers . 
 the growls and roars that filled the air caused the hair on the back of her neck to stand up . 
 though she knew she should flee , she found herself unable to move as she watched the brutal fight in horror . 
 she had never seen so much violence and hatred . 
 they tore at each other with the frenzy she associated with sharks when they smelled blood . 
 the copper scent of blood filled the air , but neither of them slowed in their assault , neither stopped . 
 they were hell bent on killing each other . 
 she could n't move , could n't even breathe . 
 it was like watching a train wreck , but this wreck involved the love of her life , a person that she did not even recognize right now . 
 his eyes were red with murderous intent , his face twisted into a brutal snarl . 
 his long canines , fangs even longer than julian 's , extended past his lower lip as he tore at julian . 
 she did not know this person , but she did know that he would kill for her . 
 that what he wanted right now was to destroy and mutilate for her . 
 terror for him filled her . 
 he may be stronger and faster than julian , but that did not guarantee a win . 
 anything could go wrong . 
 one small mistake could mean the end of his life . 
 they rolled along the lockers , twisting and destroying the metal as they moved . 
 locks were torn off , shattering upon the ground . 
 devon was bleeding badly , blood dripped down his side , splashing on the ground . 
 she could not leave him here . 
 not alone , and not with that monster . 
 leaping to her feet , cassie 's gaze darted back to the bathroom . 
 her purse was somewhere in there , a small stake tucked discreetly inside . 
 the problem was that she did not want to leave the fight for even a second , let alone the amount of time it would take for her to find the thing . 
 her attention was snagged back as devon bellowed loudly , smashing the palm of his hand into julian 's chest . 
 the force of the blow shattered ribs , their loud cracking filled the air . 
 cassie 's mouth dropped as julian flew backward a good ten feet before slamming into a classroom door . 
 the glass in the center shattered , the frame bent , and the doorknob was torn off . 
 she took a fear filled step back , she did not belong here . 
 this was not her fight , not anymore , but no matter how much she wanted her feet to move , no matter how much she wanted to escape , she knew that she would not leave him . 
 if something were to happen to him , then she was going to be here , and she was going to give him whatever help she could . 
 julian shook his head , trying to clear it as he attempted to rise to his feet . 
 he stumbled back , a wheezing sound escaping him . 
 attempting to rise to his feet again , he staggered slightly forward before dropping again . 
 devon stepped in his way , a loud growl escaping him as julian 's gaze darted briefly back to her . 
 though he was no longer smiling , there was still an oddly amused twinkle in julian 's ice blue eyes that left cassie unsettled . 
 he did not seem concerned about the fact that he was losing right now . 
 she also did not like the way that he was studying her . 
 it was too intent , too questioning , and there was a strange , unsettling gleam in his eyes . 
 it was as if he saw far too much , as if he understood her in a way that she did n't even understand herself . 
 as if he understood her in a way that even devon did n't . 
 his gaze came slowly back to hers , his blond eyebrows drawn tightly together . 
 there was a stunned look in his eyes , a dawning realization that unnerved her as much as it confused her . 
 she wanted to wrap her arms around herself , wanted to shrink from that strangely comprehensive stare , but she found herself unable to move from his penetrating stare . 
 `` do n't look at her ! '' 
 devon spat , taking a defensive step forward . 
 his shoulders were locked tight , his hands fisted at his sides as his body thrummed with fury . 
 `` i 'm going to be looking at her for eternity when i 'm done with her . '' 
 all the hair on cassie 's arms and neck stood up as devon released a sound that was part growl , part snarl , and something utterly terrifying . 
 trying to ward off the chill of terror that swept through her , she wrapped her arms uselessly around herself . 
 julian started to grin , giving devon a come here wave with his fingers that sent a thrill of foreboding down cassie 's spine . 
 julian had something up his sleeve . 
 devon seemed to sense the same thing as he did not rush heedlessly back at him again . 
 cassie jumped , a startled cry escaping her when a hand seized hold of her elbow . 
 she spun , ready to fight again until she saw chris and melissa standing there , their eyes wide with worry and fear as they scanned her ruined , blood stained dress . 
 another roar filled the air , snapping their attention back to devon and julian . 
 this time however , devon 's attention was not focused upon julian , but on them . 
 mouth parting in alarm , cassie swiftly pulled her arm free of chris 's grasp . 
 devon 's red eyes continued to gleam , his focus centered upon chris . 
 trepidation pounded through cassie , realization hammered throughout her . 
 devon was so far gone that he would attack anyone he thought might be a threat to her right now . 
 would destroy anyone that got between him and her . 
 swallowing heavily , she held up her hands , trying to ward him off . 
 `` no devon , '' she whispered , praying that she could still reach him . 
 `` no , he did n't hurt me . 
 chris would never hurt me . '' 
 devon 's red eyes surveyed her , their blood color more than a little disarming . 
 she had never seen him like this , had never known that he could be like this , and she was terrified of him . 
 even more terrified that he would hurt her friend . 
 she was n't sure that she could stop him , not when he was like this , not when he was so far gone . 
 she did not know this person , this creature before her , but she still loved him . 
 she just had to keep him from killing chris . 
 chris released a hissing breath ; taking a small step back he pushed melissa back with him . 
 `` devon , '' cassie whispered , her gaze briefly darting to julian . 
 he was still on the ground , his attention focused upon them . 
 upon her still . 
 if it had n't been for chris , he would be dead by now , but he was not taking the opportunity to run during his brief reprieve . 
 that did not sit well with her . 
 he had to realize that he had lost this fight , why would he stay ? 
 devon took another step toward them , his intensity still focused upon chris . 
 panic tore through cassie . 
 she could not let this happen . 
 instinctively , chris reached for her again , grasping hold of her elbow as he tried to pull her back . 
 cassie stiffened in horror , knowing that it had been the wrong thing to do , the wrong move to make . 
 another bellow escaped devon as he raced at them , leaping over the debris generated by the brutal fight . 
 a strangled cry escaped cassie as he launched himself at chris . 
 though he had already told her once never to get in between a vampire and its prey , she did not take the time to think about the consequences of her actions . 
 she just hoped that it did not end badly . 
 cassie stepped in front of chris , blocking devon 's attack with her body , willing to die before she allowed him to destroy her best friend . 
 she ducked her head , holding her hands up as she braced herself for the hard blow she knew was about to ensue . 
 devon 's body hit hers ; his arms wrapped around her as lifted her up , pulling her away from chris 's hold . 
 his touch was surprisingly gentle considering his frame of mind , and the murderous intent that hummed fiercely through his body . 
 his hands wrapped into her hair , pulling her tighter against him as he cradled her head against his chest . 
 the tension thrumming through him eased slowly as he buried his face in her neck , his lips running gently over her skin . 
 cassie stayed perfectly still , sensing the hunger in him , the tenuous hold he had upon his control . 
 the beast was still there , the demon fighting with the man as it struggled to break free once more . 
 fought to satiate itself upon her . 
 if she moved even a millimeter she was afraid that she would set it free . 
 that he would bite her . 
 he shuddered ; his hand upon her waist became painful . 
 she could feel the bruises that he was leaving behind , but she did not protest , did not flinch away from him . 
 his lips stopped against her throat , pausing over the pulsing vein that was going haywire with her heartbeat . 
 despite the fear that pounded through her , she could not stop the thrill of excitement that enshrouded her as his teeth skimmed lightly over her , raking her skin ever so slightly . 
 cassie 's knees wobbled , threatening to give out . 
 despite her best intentions not to move , she could not stop her fingers from curling , digging into his back as she fought the urge to press herself tighter against him , offering her vein . 
 though she wanted this far more than even she had realized she knew that here was not the place . 
 this was not the time . 
 he would never forgive himself if he took her here , he would blame it on his lack of control . 
 nor did she wish for melissa and chris to see it , and she especially did not want julian to be there . 
 this was something that she wanted only the two of them to share , something that she wanted to cherish and remember for the rest of her life . 
 and she did not want the memory to involve the hall of her high school . 
 yet she did not fight him , did not push him away . 
 he needed her now , and though she was a temptation that he might not be able to deny , she was also the only one that could calm him down . 
 the only one that could reach past the demon inside , and bring the man forth again . 
 he shuddered once more , his grip eased on her . 
 she tried not to feel disappointed as his mouth left her neck , but she could n't help it . 
 his lips brushed over her ear , caressing her lightly . 
 he was back , she could feel it in the marrow of her bones , knew in her soul that what held her now was the man . 
 the man , whose love for her was even stronger than the demon 's desire for her blood . 
 `` do n't do that again , do n't ever put yourself in front of me again , '' he hissed , his hand tightening in her hair as he kissed her forehead roughly . 
 he was still shaken , still struggling to keep a firm restraint over himself . 
 `` i could have killed you . '' 
 she shook her head forcefully , hating the self contempt that rang through his voice . 
 `` never , '' she whispered . 
 `` you would never hurt me . '' 
 he shuddered again , his body shaking with doubt as he clung tighter to her , needing her to ease him . 
 though he was hurting her again she offered no complaint , she would give him everything , and anything , that he needed . 
 devon 's head snapped up , a low growl escaped him as julian launched to his feet , finally managing to stay on them . 
 julian 's icy eyes gleamed with contempt as he surveyed them . 
 cassie clung tighter to devon , not wanting to release him , needing the safety and comfort of his arms . 
 `` how the mighty have fallen , '' julian murmured , shaking his head in disgust . 
 though devon did not release her , he shifted her subtly , moving his body more in front of hers . 
 he cradled her head gently against his chest , but she was not fooled into believing that he could n't move swiftly back into attack mode . 
 she knew the only reason he did n't attack again now was because of her . 
 he was frightened that next time he would not be able to come back , that next time he would be lost , and that he would hurt her . 
 though devon remained holding her , he took a small step toward julian , his muscles going rigid . 
 julian flashed a bright grin , flicking his fingers through his disheveled white blond hair . 
 `` now now devon stay calm , things are just starting to get interesting . '' 
 fear flickered through cassie . 
 julian was too cocky , too sure of himself . 
 he had to be planning something . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 devon demanded fiercely . 
 julian 's grin only widened , his eyes flickered behind them . 
 the fear turned into full-fledged panic as cassie realized that he was not looking at any of them , but over their heads . 
 foreboding stole through her , twisting in her gut , making it difficult to breathe . 
 a new presence reached her , one just as malevolent and cold as julian , but this one also emitted a jealousy and loathing so thick that it was nearly choking . 
 cassie turned slowly , her fingers digging into devon 's back as she braced herself for what was to come . 
 she was beaten down , wounded , wary but she tried to gather her strength , and her courage . 
 she knew she would need both . 
 a woman stepped around the corner of the hall , moving toward them with the eerie grace of the undead . 
 cassie 's mouth parted slightly , her eyes widened at the stunning beauty of the woman . 
 she was tall , lithe ; supple . 
 the black dress she wore swayed gently with her hips and provocative walk . 
 the pale beauty of her face contrasted sharply with the color of her dress and ruby red lips . 
 her features were delicate , elegant and refined ; her cheekbones high , and her nose slender . 
 dark auburn hair spilled down her back , swaying against her knees in gentle waves as she moved . 
 she looked like a perfect , porcelain doll . 
 devon stiffened against her , straightening to his full height as he clung tighter to her . 
 the tension in his body reached a whole new level , anger hummed through him . 
 the woman stopped walking ; she lifted a dark eyebrow as she studied them with amused disdain . 
 she had the most stunning , coldest eyes , cassie had ever seen . 
 they were the color of pure molten gold as they shone brilliantly in the bright light of the hall . 
 cassie had never seen anything like them before ; they were eerily beautiful , yet malicious . 
 those eyes landed upon cassie , pinning her to the spot as the full force of the woman 's hatred and disgust blasted against her . 
 `` forgive me , '' devon breathed in her ear . 
 cassie glanced questioningly up at him , but he was not looking at her . 
 forgive him ? 
 forgive him for what , she wondered in confusion . 
 his jaw was clenched tight , his emerald eyes flashed with hostility . 
 his gaze was focused intently upon the beautiful woman , his body hard and stiff . 
 `` isla . '' 
 his voice dripped icy disdain . 
 the woman smiled slowly , seductively , revealing her already extended fangs . 
 `` hello lover , '' she purred . 
 the breath wheezed forcefully out of cassie , the beat of her heart stopped for a frantic moment as uncertainty and hurt tore through her in equal measures . 
 if his hands had n't been clenched upon her , she would have fallen down . 
 lover ? 
 her gaze darted between them , pain snapped through her with the force of lightning bolts . 
 she had known that there were women in his past , there had to be . 
 but this woman , this woman ! 
 cassie trembled slightly as she looked back at the stunning doll before her . 
 this woman was something cassie had never even remotely fathomed . 
 she was exceedingly beautiful and radiated a raw sexuality and poise that cassie could never possess . 
 how could she possibly compete with her ? 
 her confidence shaken , her world a crumbling mess , cassie simply tried to breathe through the tight constriction in her chest . 
 struggling to stay composed , she met isla 's feral gold eyes once more . 
 from the gleam in those eyes cassie knew she had already let too much of her emotions slip . 
 chapter 16 devon felt the tremor that rocked through cassie , the anguish that tore through her body . 
 his hands tightened around her as he cradled her head tighter against him . 
 he wished that he could take her away from all of this . 
 take her somewhere that she would be sheltered from the hurts and cruelty of the world . 
 somewhere she would be sheltered from the mistakes and wrongs of his past . 
 but there was no escaping this , and it seemed as if his past had come to a head with his future , in of all places , the hallway of a freaking high school . 
 hatred blazed through him as he met isla 's malicious golden gaze . 
 merriment and fury radiated from isla as her small smile widened and she tilted her head slightly to the side . 
 `` you were right julian , she is delicious , '' isla purred , licking her lips . 
 devon stiffened , a small growl escaped him . 
 `` such a little innocent though , how could she possibly satisfy your twisted needs devon ? '' 
 self hatred and fury tore through him as cassie trembled again , her fingers dug briefly into his back . 
 he had done this to her , he was causing her this pain . 
 isla took a step closer ; hunger throbbed out of her in rolling waves . 
 chris and melissa instinctively moved closer , their eyes darting briefly , frantically toward him . 
 devon kept his gaze focused upon isla , but with his mind he monitored julian 's movements , which were still none . 
 he had been injured , but devon was not fooled into thinking that he was incapable of fighting . 
 devon did n't know why julian was not rushing into the fray , or why he had been studying cassie so intently . 
 there had been no desire in his gaze , no bloodlust as he had watched her keenly , apparently trying to decipher something about her . 
 what that something could be devon did n't know , but julian 's hesitance and scrutiny were unsettling . 
 just what was julian 's plan , and why was isla here ? 
 `` what are you doing here isla ? '' 
 he demanded coldly . 
 she shrugged an elegant shoulder , tossing her long hair over her shoulder with a flick of her blood red nails . 
 `` when julian called i just had to come and see if what he was saying was true . '' 
 she glanced briefly at chris , melissa and cassie . 
 `` i had to see for myself that the hunter line had survived , that they were here , and that they were thriving . 
 how could i turn down the offer of so much power ? 
 such a tempting treat ? '' 
 she licked her lips again . 
 melissa moved even closer , her shoulder brushed up against cassie 's . 
 `` i also had to see her . '' 
 the deep purr left isla 's voice as her gaze once more locked upon cassie with an intense hatred that infuriated him . 
 he would have attacked her , destroyed her , but he could not bring himself to release cassie when she was so shaken . 
 devon 's hands tightened upon her , pulling her as close as he could to him . 
 the worst thing that he could have done was show isla how much cassie meant to him , but it was already too late for that . 
 all he could hope for now was to keep cassie safe , and to convey his fierce love for her with his touch . 
 cassie 's hurt , and the danger she was in , was his fault and he would deal with it later . 
 for now , he had to get her out of here alive . 
 he could not go on without her . 
 `` what 's the matter julian ca n't fight your own battles ? '' 
 devon hissed , glancing briefly at him . 
 julian had moved slightly away from the lockers . 
 his face was twisted in pain , and his skin was far paler than normal . 
 he would not die from his injuries , but it would take him a little while to completely recover . 
 julian 's lip twisted in a sneer . 
 `` oh , but why would i deny isla the pleasure of this ? '' 
 he inquired softly . 
 `` coward . '' 
 julian 's eyes flashed red , but he made no move to come at them . 
 he knew that he would not survive it . 
 `` i think he might like this girl even more than the last one , '' isla taunted . 
 cassie 's nails dug painfully into his skin . 
 `` what was her name again ? '' 
 `` annabelle , beautiful , tempting , annabelle , '' julian answered amusement apparent in his voice . 
 devon stiffened at the name , silently cursing himself as he felt the fresh wave of pain slam through cassie . 
 he had wanted to keep her sheltered from his past , wanted to keep it buried . 
 he had simply wanted to focus on the here and now , and her . 
 he had wanted to forget about the mistakes , and atrocities , that he had committed . 
 he realized that he had been so very wrong to try and bury it . 
 if he had simply told her the truth , she may have been upset and wounded by it , but she would not be experiencing the distress she was now . 
 he wanted desperately to reassure her , but there was nothing he could now . 
 not here anyway , but later , later he would ease her doubts as he tried to take away her pain . 
 `` ah yes , annabelle , she was a pretty little thing . '' 
 isla shifted slightly , tapping a nail against her lip as she pretended to think . 
 devon braced himself , knowing that isla was already well aware of what she wanted to say , but one thing she had always loved was drama , and torturing her victims . 
 unfortunately , her victim this time was cassie . 
 he was going to rip isla 's throat out for this , when he got his hands on her , he was going to make sure that she could never speak to cassie again . 
 `` you gave up human blood for your love of annabelle , and now you 've crawled into bed with the enemy . 
 you will do anything to get into the pants of a pretty little thing wo n't you devon ? '' 
 cassie gasped softly , she went rigid against him . 
 `` you bitch ! '' 
 devon spat . 
 isla grinned at him as cassie 's hands slipped off his back . 
 devon fought back his panic . 
 he needed to get them out of here before isla succeeded in tearing cassie away from him for good . 
 `` did you not tell her about annabelle ? '' 
 isla taunted . 
 `` oh honey , believe me , you are n't the only girl he 's lost his head over . 
 is she devon ? '' 
 `` first there was elizabeth , then there was me ... '' `` there was never you , '' devon growled . 
 isla 's eyes flashed , narrowing slightly . 
 `` i never loved you . '' 
 a soft , cold laugh escaped her , but there was no amusement in her tone . 
 `` and you love this one ? '' 
 devon 's nostrils flared , loathing poured through him . 
 he had allowed his anger to get the best of him ; he had walked right into isla 's trap by doing so . 
 she would do anything in her power to destroy their love , to destroy him . 
 `` this is not the place isla . 
 there are too many humans here . '' 
 `` i do n't see any humans ; all i see are three little treats . 
 you know you want to try one too . 
 i bet its killing you not to taste that one . '' 
 she flipped a hand idly at cassie , her grin widening . 
 `` i can smell her power from here , and i know that you were never one to deny yourself anything . 
 you always took what you wanted , when you wanted it . 
 that 's why you were always so exciting to be with . 
 you were a vampire of worth , one who matched my appetite in every way . '' 
 her gaze fixed pointedly on cassie as she licked her lips hungrily once more . 
 `` every way , '' she emphasized again . 
 devon cradled cassie 's head gently , wanting desperately to block isla 's words from her as she trembled again , a soft gasp escaping her . 
 she was too innocent , too good for this . 
 she deserved far more than what his life had to offer her . 
 the best thing he could have done for her was left her alone , the best thing he could have done for her was to never have inserted himself into her life . 
 if he had thought that it would help , he would leave tomorrow , he would set her free to live the life she deserved . 
 a life that was filled with light instead of darkness . 
 however , he knew that it was too late now . 
 he may be able to separate himself from her , if it was in her best interest , but he knew what she was to him now , and he knew that he would not survive the loss of her life . 
 he also knew that julian and isla would not leave , not until the hunter 's in this town were destroyed . 
 they were far too tempting for that to happen . 
 and he could not leave cassie unprotected to face them alone . 
 forgive me , he prayed silently to her . 
 please forgive me . 
 `` there are three hunters here , and me . 
 do you think you can win this battle ? '' 
 isla grinned , sashaying her hips as she took a step closer . 
 `` oh honey , i did win the battle . '' 
 her gaze darted briefly toward cassie . 
 a grim smirk of satisfaction spread across her mouth . 
 `` and i will win the war . '' 
 abhorrence rose up in him , a small snarl escaped . 
 `` i 'll kill you for this , '' he vowed . 
 she lifted a delicate eyebrow , laughing softly as she shook her head . 
 `` i doubt it ; it is my bed you always return to after all . '' 
 pain did not wash off of cassie anymore ; instead numbness seemed to have descended over her as she remained limp in his arms . 
 `` not in a very long time , and never again isla , never again . '' 
 she seemed nonplussed by his response . 
 `` when she is dead ... '' `` if you finish that sentence i swear i will make your death pure torture ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` i will make you beg for mercy isla ; i will make you wish that you had never survived this long . 
 you want the old me back and you will have it if you touch her . 
 if you come near her , i 'll destroy you ! '' 
 isla shifted , fury radiated from her as her eyes flashed the color of rubies . 
 it seemed as if his words were finally sinking in . 
 worry filled him , his hands tightened around cassie . 
 isla 's gaze found its way to cassie once more , hatred pulsated from her . 
 cassie seemed to come alive again as she clung to him once more , trying to bury herself against him in an attempt to avoid the loathing directed at her . 
 until recently she had not been used to people hating her , but the dislike that her schoolmates had for her was nothing compared to the abhorrence that radiated from isla . 
 chris shifted slightly , his feet taking up a fighting stance . 
 beside him , melissa reached into her purse , her hand wrapped around something . 
 it was not only cassie he had to see safely out of here , but them also . 
 if they did not all survive this , it would destroy cassie . 
 devon 's head snapped around . 
 julian had moved a couple steps closer . 
 blood had formed at the corners of his mouth , but he seemed to be doing better already . 
 he leveled julian with a fierce glare . 
 `` you take one more step and i will rip your throat out ! '' 
 julian froze , but his eyes darted about , calculating the odds . 
 `` three hunters and me , '' he reminded julian coldly . 
 `` they 're not armed , '' isla purred . 
 `` we can still fight , and we 're still dangerous , '' cassie said softly , her spine straightening defiantly , her jaw clenching tight . 
 though he was proud of her for standing up for herself , he was also terrified that her defiance would only enrage isla further . 
 isla laughed coldly as she tossed her hair over her shoulder . 
 she moved suddenly , blurring as she charged at them . 
 devon braced himself , turning slightly as isla barreled past melissa , shoving her aside before slamming into his back . 
 the force of the blow staggered him , pushing him forward . 
 cassie cried out as she was shoved against the locker , his body slammed forcefully against hers . 
 he tried to absorb most of the impact , but he knew that cassie had been hurt by the blow . 
 isla tore at him , her claws raking down his back . 
 pain radiated through him as his blood spilled forth , but it was not him that isla was after . 
 cassie ducked her head , turning away from the raking claws that sought to destroy her . 
 rage suffused him , turning his vision a murky red . 
 he would rip isla limb from limb before he ever let her get her hands on cassie . 
 bellowing with fury , he swung back hard , his fist and shoulder connecting hard with isla . 
 isla was flung back , she skid across the floor before hitting the lockers with a loud thud . 
 releasing cassie , he spun around , keeping her firmly pinned behind his back . 
 his lips pulled back as a harsh hiss escaped him and his teeth elongated . 
 isla shook her head , staggering as she got back to her feet . 
 chris pulled melissa up , a bruise was already beginning to form on her cheek , but she appeared otherwise unharmed . 
 voices filled the hall , laughter trailed ahead of the students making their way toward them . 
 isla and julian moved closer together , communicating silently with their gazes . 
 to expose themselves to a bunch of humans would be reckless , dangerous . 
 they would not be able to kill them all , and to do so would leave a trail of bodies that would only get the authorities involved . 
 vampires preferred to remain hidden by nature ; it was something that was bred into them upon their awakening . 
 they did not want the world to know of their existence , it would only bring more people forth to kill them . 
 for fear of the unknown did strange things to humans . 
 they often sought to destroy that which they did not understand , and no vampire could withstand a massive mob of angry , frightened humans on a rampage . 
 `` later lover , '' isla whispered . 
 julian and isla slipped easily down the hall , disappearing into the shadows before a group of four girls turned the corner . 
 marcy was in the lead . 
 they froze as they spotted the carnage of the hall , and the blood stained floor . 
 cassie inhaled sharply . 
 feeling tired , beaten , and worn , devon took a step forward , turning to confront the group before them . 
 marcy looked at him , shock and horror widening her eyes as she took in his bloodied shirt and wounds . 
 `` devon ! 
 are you ok ? '' 
 her gaze darted accusingly to cassie before focusing on him once more . 
 taking a deep breath , he drew on his strength as he marshaled his powers . 
 reaching out , he shoved his mind forward , wrapping into theirs as he seized hold of their will . 
 their eyes became dull , glazed , their mouths parted slightly . 
 `` you saw nothing here , and no one . 
 go back to the dance , there is nothing going on here . '' 
 he kept hold of their minds as he twisted their memories . 
 in their minds the doors and lockers were still intact , the hall was empty . 
 slowly , they nodded and turned around before moving stiffly away . 
 slumping , feeling slightly drained , it took all he had to keep himself standing upright . 
 the use of his ability on so many people , on top of his blood loss , was tiring . 
 the three of them stared at him in silent awe , amazed by the power he had never shown them . 
 cassie grabbed hold of his arm , her wide violet blue eyes worriedly searching his face . 
 `` devon ? '' 
 he turned away from her , the scent of her blood overwhelming him in his weakened condition . 
 tremors shook him as he fought against his need and desire . 
 he could not be near her right now . 
 `` chris , '' he muttered . 
 chris hurried to his side , shooting cassie an apologetic glance as he took hold of devon 's arm , wrapping it around his shoulders . 
 devon released her reluctantly ; hurt bloomed in her eyes as she stepped back . 
 he hated to see that hurt , did n't want to be the cause of it , but he did not trust himself to be near her now . 
 she was far too tempting , and he was far too weak . 
 she had been hurt enough tonight without having to endure more wounds from him . 
 `` we need to get out of here , '' melissa said hurriedly . 
 `` before other people come . '' 
 `` i need to grab my purse and shoes , my id is inside , '' cassie whispered . 
 devon growled as she disappeared from sight . 
 forgetting his injuries , he drug chris into the bathroom after her . 
 he froze , anger and horror filling him as he took in the wreckage that littered the floor . 
 the soap dispenser lay in the middle of the room , its liquid scattered across the floor , sinks , and broken glass . 
 one of the stall doors had been ripped free and tossed aside . 
 but it was not the wreckage that left him immobile ; it was the blood staining the linoleum , sink , floor , and the tops of the stall doors . 
 her blood . 
 cassie emerged from one of the ruined stalls , her stained purse clutched tightly in her trembling hands . 
 her gaze darted around the room , her breath came more rapidly . 
 she looked so lost , so childlike and wounded that it broke his heart . 
 his anger evaporated as he took in the room once more . 
 all he could do was be thankful that she was still alive , that she had somehow managed to survive julian 's attack when no one else would have . 
 at least no human would have , and probably no other hunter . 
 she may not have the special abilities that melissa and chris possessed , but devon was beginning to suspect that there was far more to her than any of them had even begun to imagine . 
 he removed his arm from chris 's shoulder , a fresh well of strength infusing him . 
 she needed him even more than he needed blood right now . 
 opening his arms to her , she hesitated for a moment as fear and worry flashed across her beautiful face . 
 when he made no move to pull away from her , no move to turn her away , she ran forward . 
 throwing her arms around his waist , she buried her face in his chest . 
 he held her tight as her shoulders began to shake and heart wrenching sobs escaped her . 
 burying his face in her hair , he tried to focus on the sweet scent of fruit and spices she emitted , and not the luring scent of her powerful blood . 
 her fear , and her need for him , was a great motivator for this . 
 careful of the wounds along her side , he lifted her gently . 
 she wrapped her arms around him , pressing her tear stained face into his neck . 
 they used the back doors as they made their way outside while chris retrieved the coats . 
 devon adjusted cassie , flinging open the passenger side door as melissa scurried inside . 
 he placed her gently into the passenger seat , kneeling beside her to stroke her hair back from her face . 
 turning her hands over , he noted the jagged gashes on her delicate palms . 
 anger flared through him as he pulled a piece of glass free and tossed it aside . 
 `` are you going to be ok ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 she managed a small nod , closing her eyes briefly . 
 picking her arm up , he surveyed the gashes on her side , fighting back the hunger that crashed through him in rising waves . 
 she winced , jerking away from him slightly . 
 `` sorry love , '' he whispered , his eyebrows drawing tightly together as he realized that the wounds were already beginning to heal . 
 the blood had stopped flowing ; the gashes were already becoming smaller . 
 the rate in which she was mending was stunning . 
 he recalled the hospital when she said she healed fast , but this fast ? 
 she was not healing at his rate , for he could already feel the muscle reattaching itself to his bone ; feel his skin rejoining once more . 
 no , she did not heal at his rate , but it was at a rate that far exceeded anything she should be capable of . 
 even as a hunter . 
 doubts blazed forth in his mind , little pieces of a puzzle suddenly scattered across a table before him . 
 they were pieces that he did n't understand , and could n't quite put together , but they worried him nonetheless . 
 he could not make sense of what he was looking at , could not understand the mystery that was her , and he realized that it would take far more than him to make sense of this . 
 he just did n't know who to turn to for help with this puzzle . 
 `` do n't worry about it , i heal fast remember , '' she said softly . 
 `` i can see that , '' he muttered , unable to tear his attention away from the now shallow wounds . 
 her finger was gentle under his chin as she lifted his face . 
 `` you need to feed . '' 
 his frown intensified in confusion . 
 then , ever so gently , her thumb brushed over his extended fangs , sending desire and want blasting through him . 
 he trembled at her touch , fighting the urge for so much more . 
 he had n't even known that his fangs had extended , he had been too caught up in his amazement of her to realize that his intense need was so very obvious . 
 at her touch , hunger sprang forth in a burning wave that seared his veins . 
 recoiling from her touch , he moved out of her reach , knowing that he could not tempt himself anymore . 
 he was rapidly spiraling out of control . 
 her hand fell away , but there was no hurt in her gaze , only deep worry . 
 chris jogged up to the car , their coats draped over his arm . 
 `` go , '' cassie urged softly . 
 `` i 'll be fine , i 've suffered through worse . '' 
 her gentle reassurances , and the growing anguish in his body , made up his mind for him . 
 he could not stay with her ; if he did , he ran the risk of hurting her . 
 she would be in good hands , and once she was home , she would be safe . 
 digging into his pocket , devon pulled out his keys and tossed them to chris . 
 fumbling with the coats , chris managed to keep hold of them as he caught the keys . 
 `` drive slow , i 'll follow you home . '' 
 chris gaped at him , his mouth dropping as he looked at the keys , and then the car . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 he stammered . 
 `` yes , just make sure that you take care of her . '' 
 they both knew that he was not talking about the car . 
 he turned his attention back to cassie . 
 `` i 'll see you in a little bit . '' 
 she managed a nod , but he saw the fear and anxiety in her gaze . 
 feeling like the worst kind of ass he gently shut the door , he did n't trust himself to get close to her again . 
 `` i 'm sorry about almost attacking you earlier . '' 
 chris managed a wan smile . 
 `` i understand where you 're coming from , just do n't let it happen again . '' 
 chris was trying to sound light but his voice was tight . 
 devon nodded , closing his eyes as another tremor of hunger ripped through him . 
 shaking , desperately thirsty , he took a step back . 
 he watched as chris pulled out of the parking lot with the only person that could completely satisfy the arid torture blazing through his veins . 
 turning , he fled into the woods , keeping pace with the car as it made its way down the side streets . 
 chapter 17 `` what happened ? '' 
 cassie dropped her coat tiredly on the banister . 
 dani had come barreling down the stairs ; freezing three steps from the foyer as her mouth dropped and her eyes damn near bulged out of her head . 
 `` where 's my grandma ? '' 
 cassie asked quietly . 
 dani blinked in surprise , her gaze darting rapidly between cassie and the ruined dress she wore . 
 `` her friend martha called , they went to bingo . 
 she thought she would be home before you , but ... '' dani 's eyes darted to the grandfather clock in the living room . 
 `` you 're far earlier than expected . '' 
 `` party kinda got crashed , '' chris mumbled . 
 `` i can see that , '' dani said softly , one eyebrow cocked questioningly . 
 `` glad she 's not home . '' 
 the last thing cassie wanted was for her grandma to see her like this . 
 the retelling was going to be bad enough , but to actually see it would have made matters much worse . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 `` you got it , hell happened . '' 
 chris shut and locked the door behind him . 
 dani 's gaze darted wildly over them , fear radiated from her . 
 cassie rolled her eyes at chris , shaking her head slightly . 
 there was no need to frighten dani even more . 
 chris tried a sheepish , apologetic smile , but it failed miserably as his face did not seem to want to cooperate with his intentions . 
 `` where 's melissa ? '' 
 she demanded sharply , her voice tight with panic . 
 `` dropped her off already , '' cassie answered . 
 dani slumped , her relief palpable . 
 `` i need some ice cream , but first i need out of this dress . 
 chris , why do n't you make us some sundaes ? '' 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 dani demanded her focus locked on cassie 's blood stained side . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' she assured her gently . 
 cassie padded slowly up the stairs , very aware of every ache and bruise as each movement intensified the pain . 
 though she was not looking forward to retelling the horrifying events of the night , she was grateful for the distraction that dani offered . 
 otherwise , she would be consumed with her worry for devon , and her fear of everything that had been revealed tonight . 
 how many women were in his past ? 
 how many of them had he loved ? 
 and who was annabelle ? 
 cassie shuddered ; her hands trembled as she pulled the zipper on her dress down . 
 she did n't want to think about those questions , it would only rattle her already shaken confidence more . 
 tossing her destroyed dress on top of her bed , she took a shower , washing the blood from her as she tried to scrub herself clean of the memories choking her . 
 no matter how hard she scrubbed though , she could not clean away the events of the night . 
 tears burned the back of her throat once more , but she refused to shed them again . 
 she hated the weakness she had allowed to slip through earlier with devon . 
 she was a big girl ; she had been in life threatening situations before . 
 she should be able to handle her reaction to them far better than she had today . 
 although , she 'd never had an experience as bad as the one tonight . 
 she really had thought her life was over , truly felt that she was experiencing the last few horrifying moments . 
 and she had never been confronted with a beautiful , psychotic girlfriend from centuries past before . 
 cassie shuddered , scrubbing at her skin with renewed vigor . 
 though she tried not to think of isla , it was all she could think about . 
 how long had they been together ? 
 had he loved her ? 
 she did n't want to contemplate the things they had done together , but she could n't stop the images that flashed through her mind , the jealousy and fear that consumed her . 
 she was nothing like isla . 
 that woman had experience ; she knew what a man liked , what a man wanted . 
 she knew what devon liked . 
 she had satisfied him with her body , and cassie was certain , with her blood . 
 she had satisfied him in ways that cassie had not , and maybe never could . 
 revulsion swarmed through her , nearly threatening to drown her in its thick waves . 
 her certainty that she wanted to join devon had been shaken , if not destroyed . 
 his was a world that she did n't understand , it was a world of cruelty and death and misery . 
 one that she was n't certain she could belong to and she knew she could never truly fit into it . 
 it was a world that very well might destroy her . 
 despite the hot water , cassie was shivering and numb when she climbed out of the shower . 
 she dressed slowly , feeling hollow and devastated . 
 the night had started out with so much promise , it was all gone now . 
 like a log that had been burnt out , all of her hope had been turned to a pile of ash that was choking her from the inside out . 
 and no matter how much she wanted to hope that things would be ok , that devon would explain everything , she was n't sure that it would ever be right again . 
 she was n't sure that they could ever be the same again . 
 ever so carefully , she cleaned and bandaged her wounds with the ample medical supplies she kept under the sink . 
 she was not at all surprised to find that though the gashes were still deep , the blood had stopped , and the healing process was well under way . 
 she had always healed fast , ever since she was a little girl , and she had never been sick . 
 she used to wonder about it until luther walked into her life , now she just chocked it up to her hunter capabilities . 
 even if chris and melissa did not heal quite as fast as her , they had never had a cold either . 
 once her wounds were bandaged , she fingered her cracked rib lightly , wincing as a sharp pain tore through her . 
 though she could not use disinfectant and bandages on it , it would heal just as swiftly as the gashes on her side . 
 slipping her favorite baggy sweatshirt on , cassie wrapped her arms around herself as she made her way to the kitchen . 
 chris and dani were already sitting at the counter , their spoons clicking against their bowls . 
 chris pushed a strawberry sundae with no whip cream and extra cherries toward her . 
 though she had asked for the sundae , she shook her head , her appetite gone . 
 her body was already a block of ice , she did n't want to add more coldness to it . 
 making her way to the window , cassie stared out at the dark night . 
 she recalled when she had first met devon , when she had sensed his presence out there , watching over her . 
 that was before he had started coming to her room . 
 that was when things had been simple and easy , when she had thought him human and had wanted to keep him protected . 
 how foolish she had been . 
 she could no more protect him then she could stop a charging elephant . 
 her protection was unnecessary , her strength nothing compared to his . 
 now as she searched the night , she felt nothing out there , no good or evil . 
 it was simply an empty void that did nothing to ease the void inside of her . 
 even chris 's house was silent ; his mother apparently having passed out already , or retreated to bed with whatever man she had brought home tonight . 
 cassie turned swiftly away , focusing on chris and dani . 
 `` did you tell her anything yet ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 chris pushed his bowl aside , but instead of reaching for hers as he normally would have , he leaned back in his chair . 
 apparently the events of the night had affected his appetite too . 
 folding his long legs before him , his eyes were sad and distant as he surveyed her . 
 `` i thought that you should be here . '' 
 cassie nodded , leaning against the sink as she began to fill dani in on the details of the night . 
 when she could not continue on , chris picked it up for her . 
 dani sat silently , her eyes growing wider , her half eaten sundae forgotten . 
 when chris finished , cassie turned back to the window , once again searching the empty night . 
 `` so , now there are two ? '' 
 dani asked quietly , her voice hoarse with fear . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` is this isla also an elder ? 
 what can she do ? '' 
 `` we do n't know , '' chris answered . 
 `` we did n't ask devon yet . '' 
 `` piss me off , '' cassie mumbled , ignoring the twinge that pulled at her heart as hurt and jealousy reared their ugly heads once more . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 chris inquired , obviously eager to change the conversation . 
 cassie shrugged absently . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 she turned swiftly away from the window , unable to stand the silence of the night anymore . 
 `` i 'm going to go to sleep , '' she lied , knowing that there would be no sleep until devon arrived , safe and sound . 
 knowing she would not sleep until he answered some of the many questions swirling rapidly through her mind . 
 `` cassie . '' 
 chris stood swiftly , his stool sliding out from under him . 
 she turned slowly back to him , feeling like a wooden marionette . 
 chris stared silently back at her , his eyes troubled and sad . 
 `` i 'm going to stay on the couch tonight . '' 
 she opened her mouth to protest , but he held up a hand , silencing her . 
 `` my mom will be fine for one night , she 's already home . '' 
 cassie nodded slowly . 
 she fled from the room before the tears that burned her eyes fell . 
 she had already cried once tonight , she would not do so again . 
 racing up the stairs , she closed the door , leaning heavily against it as she tried to breathe evenly , as she struggled to keep control of her tumultuous emotions . 
 before she had met devon she had never cried , she had never been emotional . 
 but ever since he had walked into her life , she had been a basket case , unsettled and rattled . 
 devon had shaken her to the very core of her foundations , breaking through the walls that had kept her separated from her emotions , most humans , and pain . 
 only chris and melissa had known who and what she was , though they had never been able to truly reach her . 
 never been able to get her to truly live again , once the knowledge of what she was had completely shut her down . 
 but devon had changed all that . 
 he had shattered her walls , torn into her heart , and ripped into her soul to bring her back to life . 
 for the first time in years she had allowed herself to trust again , and she was terrified that that trust had been misplaced . 
 terrified that this wonderful reprieve she was experiencing with life , and hopes , and dreams , was ruined . 
 she was terrified that she would become the lost , walking dead person she had been before . 
 and she did not want to be that person again . 
 she did not think she could survive the loss of everything again . 
 taking a deep breath , she pushed away from the door , determined to stay in control . 
 there was no point in losing it now when she did n't know the whole truth . 
 it would n't do either of them any good if she turned into a raving loony . 
 cassie paced restlessly , flipping the tv on in the hope that it would drown out her thoughts . 
 it did n't work . 
 she watched the clock tick the minutes by with excruciating slowness , but still he did n't come . 
 at eleven she slumped onto the bed . 
 her nervous energy was no longer enough to keep her exhausted , wounded body moving . 
 drawing her legs up to her chest , she rested her chin on her knees as her thoughts turned even more troublesome . 
 what if he did n't come to her tonight ? 
 what if seeing isla reminded him of what he was missing ? 
 of what she could never be ? 
 what if he decided that isla was what he truly wanted in a woman , and that she was just a dull comparison ? 
 cassie bit down on her trembling bottom lip . 
 she would not cry . 
 she would not . 
 he would come , she told herself . 
 though she tried to reassure herself of this , doubt kept rearing its ugly head . 
 isla had managed to plant a field of uncertainty in her . 
 a subtle shifting of the shadows snapped her head around . 
 a cry of delight rose up in her throat ; it strangled and died before she could release it . 
 devon sat outside her window , his emerald eyes eerily bright in the light of the half moon . 
 cassie could only stare at him , unable to move as she was captured by the mesmerizing beauty of him . 
 she was n't sure she was ready to hear the answers to her questions , and she certainly was n't ready for their relationship to end tonight , if that was what it came down to . 
 gathering the last dregs of her remaining strength , she forced herself up from the bed . 
 though the window was unlocked , she knew that he would not come in unless she let him in . 
 she stopped at the window , her hands shaking , her heart pounding . 
 sliding the window up , she stepped slowly back to allow him access . 
 he hesitated for a moment before slipping as silently as a wraith inside . 
 her breath hitched , her fingers itched , and it took all she had not to fling herself into his arms . 
 he was the one that she sought out for comfort and protection . 
 the one that she took solace in when she wanted to shut out the rest of the world . 
 now , he was the one that she wanted to shut out , or at least she wanted to shut his past out . 
 there was a fierce hope in his eyes , such a ferocious need that she almost caved . 
 she almost flung herself into his arms as she lost herself to the love , comfort , and shelter that he offered . 
 but she could not do that . 
 she could not continue to be an ostrich with her head stuck in the sand when it came to him . 
 she had been avoiding his past for too long , and tonight it had nearly cost them all their lives . 
 she could no longer plead ignorance , for to do so may very well be the death of one of them . 
 no , no matter how much it hurt , and no matter how much she did not want to hear it , she was finally going to hear it . 
 she was going to be strong again , not the weakling that she had become . 
 she was going to be strong , and she was going to learn everything she could about him . 
 and it was going to be painful , she was certain of that . 
 she opened her mouth and popped out the first question that came to mind . 
 `` who is annabelle ? '' 
 chapter 18 devon closed his eyes , his hands twitched at his sides . 
 he had known that this was coming , that she would want answers , that one day she would wonder about his past . 
 he had just hoped that it would be under better circumstances . 
 he had just wished that it would not happen when she had that hurt , lost look in her lovely eyes . 
 pain and confusion radiated from her , beating at him with the force of a tsunami . 
 he wanted nothing more than to take hold of her , pull her close , and ease the anguish that he had caused her . 
 but he knew that she did n't want his touch now , that she could n't handle it . 
 he could not make the first move here ; she would have to come to him . 
 he just was n't sure if she would come to him when he was done . 
 he was going to cause her more hurt before this night was over , and there was nothing he could do about it . 
 he was going to kill isla and julian when he saw them again . 
 he would make sure that they paid for wounding her in such a way . 
 her physical pain had been nothing compared to the emotional chaos radiating from her . 
 her physical wounds would heal ; he was not sure the emotional ones would . 
 taking a deep breath , devon slowly opened his eyes . 
 he had fed well due to the toll that this night had put on him , but he was not sure it had been enough . 
 this was going to be much more draining then the fight earlier . 
 her misty eyes held his , the startling violet in them standing out vividly to his heightened sense of sight . 
 how did he tell her who annabelle was without driving her further away ? 
 without increasing the doubt and lack of self confidence that she radiated now ? 
 taking a deep breath , he decided to just plunge in ; putting it off any longer would only cause her anxiety to grow . 
 `` annabelle was a woman that i was in love with . '' 
 she inhaled sharply , biting into her bottom lip hard enough to draw blood . 
 devon winced for her , it was not her physical pain , for she did not feel that , but he could feel the twisting emotional agony that wrenched through her . 
 she did not flinch though ; her eyes did not even flicker . 
 she remained as still as stone , only four feet away from him , though it suddenly seemed like miles . 
 `` or at least i had thought i was . '' 
 she released her bottom lip . 
 his eyes latched onto the drop of blood that quivered on her mouth . 
 this was not the time or place , and although he had glutted himself , he could not stop the thrill that shot through him . 
 the need . 
 if she sent him out of here tonight it would destroy him , but if she did n't ... well , if she did n't , he may well destroy them both . 
 he did n't know which was worse . 
 then he met her unwavering gaze again , and he knew . 
 he could keep control of himself for her ; he could do anything for her . 
 he could stay by her side , for to lose her would be far worse than the ninth circle of hell . 
 yes , though it was the hardest thing he would ever do , he would stay by her . 
 if she would still have him . 
 fear tore through him . 
 he may lose her , but he could not lie to her . 
 not about this . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` i happened . '' 
 confusion marred her brow . 
 `` maybe you should sit . '' 
 she frowned at him , but she turned toward her bed and moved stiffly forward . 
 she stopped before it , but did not sit . 
 instead , she turned back to him , hugging herself tightly . 
 she seemed to simply have forgotten to sit as she watched him closely , her eyes weary and lost . 
 in fact , she seemed to simply have wanted more space from him . 
 the subtle shifting of the trees outside cast shadows over her face and hair , hugging her lithe body . 
 he stared at her for a long moment , his heart hammering with the fear that he may never be welcome in this room again , may never be able to hold her and love her again . 
 `` go on , '' she said softly . 
 devon sighed as he ran a hand through his disheveled hair , he tugged on it as he began to pace . 
 `` annabelle was a simple farm girl when i met her . '' 
 `` when did you meet her ? '' 
 cassie interrupted , her voice soft but carrying a steel edge of resolve . 
 he stopped pacing to face her . 
 `` over a hundred and fifty years ago . '' 
 her eyes widened as she swiftly made the connection to the time when he had stopped feeding on , and killing , humans . 
 turmoil spun through her eyes , her hands clenched tighter upon her arms as her breath froze . 
 `` i see . '' 
 her voice was choked , her eyes distant . 
 he could see the swift retreat she made from him , the walls she slammed into place to keep herself sheltered from hurt , and pain . 
 to keep sheltered from life . 
 he was looking at the woman that he had originally met , the girl who had avoided life . 
 this was the girl who had kept herself locked away from the world in order to keep herself from experiencing the pain she had originally experienced with the harsh truth about the death of her parents , the monsters of the world , and the knowledge of what she truly was . 
 she retreated swiftly behind her walls before he could shatter everything that she was . 
 desperation seized hold of him . 
 he could not be the one that drove her behind that wall of hopelessness and despair again as she simply waited to die . 
 `` annabelle was the oldest of seven children , a good girl who helped her mother take care of her younger siblings . 
 i met her at a barn dance in iowa . 
 `` she was young , beautiful , and so very innocent and sweet . '' 
 cassie shuddered , her head bowed as she squeezed her eyes shut . 
 devon clenched his teeth , his hands fisted at his sides as he realized that he had just described cassie . 
 he rushed heedlessly on , knowing that his next words might drive her even further away , but he had to get them out . 
 `` and i wanted to destroy all of that . '' 
 her head shot up , her eyebrows drew tightly together as she frowned at him . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 no , there was no way that she could understand what he had once been . 
 he did not want her to , not completely anyway . 
 `` i was a different person back then cassie . 
 i was n't even a person . 
 i was a monster . 
 i lived to kill , to destroy . 
 i lived for the thrill of the hunt and the game . '' 
 `` game ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` yes , it was all a game to me , and annabelle was perfect for it . 
 she had no idea about the cruelty of the world , no idea of the pain that lurked within the shadows . 
 annabelle was sweet and she was in love with liam , a boy just like her . 
 and i wanted nothing more than to ruin that love . 
 i wanted her for myself , simply because i could not have her . 
 at first i tried to seduce her , tried to lure her away like i could with any other woman . 
 she refused my advances , which only increased my interest , my intensity for her . 
 `` i convinced myself that i was in love with her . 
 that i would never be happy without her . 
 i became obsessed with her , and the challenge that she represented . 
 i was used to getting whatever i wanted , whenever i wanted it , and i was going to have her . '' 
 cassie stared out the window ; the tips of her lashes were silvery in the moonlight . 
 her delicate jaw was set firmly , her nostrils flared slightly . 
 though she remained unmoving , he could feel the sorrow she radiated . 
 `` so what did you do ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` i spent a month trying to lure her away from liam , but she was having none of it . 
 her mind and heart were filled with dreams of their future , their children , and their happiness . 
 i hated him for it , and i was going to demolish it . 
 no matter what it took . '' 
 she looked back at him , her eyes questioning but distant . 
 `` when it became apparent that she would have none of me , i took her by force . '' 
 cassie 's eyes widened , her breath inhaled sharply as she took a swift step away . 
 the back of her knee connected with the bed , her leg buckled slightly , but she managed to stay on her feet . 
 `` not like that cassie , '' he rushed on , realizing how the words had sounded . 
 `` i changed her . 
 i thought if she became one of us she would want nothing more to do with liam , that she would want me . 
 i thought it would be wonderful to shatter her innocence , to turn her into a monster , to introduce her to the evil that suffused the earth . 
 `` it was to be my greatest accomplishment . '' 
 `` i see , '' cassie said dully . 
 `` and once she became a monster you grew tired of her ? '' 
 devon ignored the twinge of pain in his heart . 
 he deserved her contempt , he hated it , but he deserved it . 
 he had been an awful thing back then . 
 he had been one of the cruelest , coldest vampires to walk the earth . 
 he had relished in the kill , savored in every one of his victims , and enjoyed the dying light in their eyes . 
 though he had tried to make up for his almost six hundred years of murder and mayhem , he knew that he could never atone for the blood that stained his soul . 
 a soul that only cassie had managed to ease the pain of . 
 `` no . 
 annabelle never became a monster . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' she whispered , confusion swirling through her eyes . 
 `` i did n't either , '' he admitted . 
 `` i thought that once we were changed , that was it , we were all monsters . 
 i thought that the demon took over ; i thought that we had no choice but to destroy life , to toy with humans before killing them . 
 i never knew how wrong i was . 
 yes , annabelle awoke with the same intense hunger that all new vampires awake with , but she did n't go for humans . 
 `` somehow , she managed to keep enough reason through her transition , and enough restraint , to control her hunger . 
 something that even i , at my advanced age , had never done . 
 i just took and killed , and took some more . 
 but that night annabelle did not kill , at least not humans anyway . 
 i found her in a field of cows , half the herd had been slaughtered before her hunger was finally satisfied . 
 animals are enough to keep us going , and strong , but it takes more of their blood to fully sate us . '' 
 cassie nodded as she licked her lips nervously . 
 her hands were clenching her arms so tightly that she was leaving bruises upon her fair skin . 
 a fact he was certain that she was unaware of . 
 though he wanted to go to her , to stop her from hurting herself , he remained where he was . 
 she would flee from him now . 
 he knew that . 
 `` i was mortified , and so unbelievably stunned to find her there among those cows , crying . '' 
 cassie glanced at him , an eyebrow lifted sharply in surprise . 
 `` why was she crying ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 devon closed his eyes . 
 the image of annabelle , sitting in that field , surrounded by dead cattle with tears running down her blood streaked face was seared permanently into his brain . 
 annabelle 's delicate shoulders had shook ; her hair had been caked with dirt and blood . 
 he had been so conflicted , and so confused as to what she was doing . 
 he had not been able to understand why she would choose such pitiful fare when there were so many humans out there to enjoy . 
 he had especially wanted her to go for liam , thinking how wonderful it would be to watch her destroy the person she thought she loved so much . 
 it would have been the crowning achievement in his destruction of everything good in the world . 
 `` she was crying because she had killed the cows , '' he choked out , his voice hoarse as the tidal wave of memories threatened to consume him . 
 he tried not to think about the person he had been back then , what he had done . 
 especially , what he had done to annabelle . 
 what he had wanted to be his crowning achievement had ended up becoming his ultimate downfall . 
 at least his downfall from the world of drudgery and murder . 
 `` i did n't know how to react to that . 
 i mean , who would cry over dead cows ? 
 and why was she feeding from damn cows when there were thousands of humans to destroy ? 
 i simply stood there , watching her , listening to her lament about the fact that she had killed them , and that the farmer would not have enough milk and meat for his children now . 
 `` she confounded me , but i found myself utterly fascinated by her . 
 i had seen many many things in my long life , but i had never seen a vampire cry over their kill . 
 and i sure as hell had n't ever seen a vampire show regret for their actions . 
 we did n't know what regret was , or at least that 's what i had believed . 
 `` when she calmed down enough to actually speak , she looked up at me , not with accusation and hatred , but with a wealth of sadness and compassion . 
 i had done this to her , and she was sad for me ! '' 
 devon began to pace restlessly again ; his skin crawled with the memories assaulting him . 
 he hated the person he had been , hated the things that he had done . 
 annabelle had been the worst thing he had ever done , but without her , he would n't be the person he was now . 
 without annabelle he would still be a monster , preying on the innocent , and he would n't have cassie . 
 if he still did have her . 
 `` i sat down beside her , unable to move , the realization of what she was now was earth shattering to me . 
 for although i had inflicted her with the demon , her goodness had been so pure , so true , that she was able to fight against the monster . 
 even when she had been out of her head with her need for blood , she still had enough control of herself not to murder , not to kill . 
 i had never met anyone like her , never met anyone with such a pure heart . 
 until you . '' 
 cassie 's gaze blazed into his , tears wavered in her eyes . 
 she blinked them back , as a mask of hardness settled over her refined features . 
 `` i hated myself for what i had done to her . 
 and i suddenly began to rethink my entire existence . 
 i had never been a good man when i was alive . 
 i had been rich , spoiled . 
 i had taken what i wanted even then . 
 as a vampire , i was the epitome of a monster , and i had reveled in it . 
 until that moment . 
 `` we sat silently in that field , her grieving the loss of her life , me grieving everything that i had done . 
 grieving for all of the souls that i had extinguished , and there were so very many of them . 
 more than i ever want to think about again . 
 i 've been trying to do right since that night , but i can never truly wash the blood from my hands , from my soul . '' 
 he grew silent , pacing over to the window . 
 the moon was beginning to set ; the night was quiet except for a small fox creeping across chris 's front lawn . 
 `` what became of her ? '' 
 cassie asked softly . 
 `` she taught me how to control my hunger , showed me that there was goodness in the world , a fact that i had never wanted to believe . 
 it was easier to justify my actions if i believed that everyone was just as evil as i was , whether they were human or vampire . 
 i began to feed on animals , determined to try and change who i was . 
 i had always loved a challenge , and this was the biggest one i had ever accepted . '' 
 `` and did she grow to love you ? '' 
 he laughed shortly , turning away from the window . 
 `` no , annabelle never loved me in that way , it was always liam . 
 and as i began to change , i realized that i did not love her . 
 i never had . 
 i was incapable of love at that point in my life . 
 all i was capable of was cruelty . 
 if i had loved her , i never would have done that to her . 
 the more i got to know her , the more i realized this . 
 what she felt for liam was love . 
 it was real , and it was true . '' 
 a single tear slid down cassie 's face , her voice was filled with pain as the mask wavered . 
 `` and she lost him . '' 
 devon managed a wry smile as he shook his head , running his hand through his hair again . 
 `` no , i did do one good thing back then . 
 i convinced her to go to him , to approach him slowly so as not to scare him . 
 he had never thought that she had just abandoned him and her family ; he had always thought her dead . 
 it took a couple years of coaxing , but eventually she went to him . 
 i think , in the end , she went to him because of the pain that liam was in over losing her . 
 he had never moved on , never found someone else . 
 liam was only a hollow shell of the man that he had once been . 
 `` and when she went to him , when she told him , he did not run screaming from her in horror . 
 he did not shun her or turn her away . 
 he accepted her . '' 
 cassie 's tears rolled freely down her face now , devon was certain she did n't even realize she was crying . 
 `` he turned for her . '' 
 her head bowed , her hair fell forward in a golden shield . 
 `` that was when i truly realized what love was , and that i did not have to be a monster . 
 i had been feeding from animals the whole time , but it was then that i realized that although i was no longer human , i did not have to give into the darker side of my existence . 
 i had made the wrong choices when i was changed , but now i could do something to try and make up for it , and that was what i vowed to do . 
 `` i stayed with them for a few more years , until i gained better control of myself . 
 for unlike annabelle and liam , i knew the pleasure of human blood , and i knew the rush of power that came with it . 
 it was harder for me , but when i felt confident enough to go on my own , i did so . 
 they needed their time together , and i needed to start trying to make amends for my sins . 
 i will continue to do so for as long as i exist . '' 
 her heart was in her eyes as she stared at him . 
 `` i did n't know love until i met you cassie . 
 annabelle showed me the rightness of the world , but you brought me back to life . 
 you showed me what it was to put someone ahead of myself . 
 to be willing to die for someone . 
 you showed me what it was to truly love . '' 
 a soft sob escaped her , her tears fell more rapidly , but she did n't move . 
 did not come to him . 
 no matter how much he wanted her forgiveness , her understanding , she was still not ready to give it . 
 no matter how hard it had been to tell her about annabelle , he knew there were even worse atrocities in his past . 
 `` and elizabeth and isla ? '' 
 fighting the urge to groan , devon 's hands fisted as he resumed pacing once more . 
 her questions were wandering closer to areas he did not want to tell her about . 
 she was getting dangerously close to robert , the worst secret that he harbored , and one he did n't want her to have any knowledge of . 
 ever . 
 `` elizabeth is the woman that changed me . '' 
 at cassie 's sharp inhalation , he returned to the window , keeping his back to her . 
 how did he tell her about the monster he had been , even before he had become a vampire , and still look at her ? 
 he could n't . 
 chapter 19 cassie stared at devon 's rigid back , fighting the urge to go to him . 
 her hands itched to touch him , longed to ease the pain and self loathing that he radiated . 
 but if she went to him now he would stop talking , and there would be no other chance for her to learn about him . 
 though he may not want to remember these things , he needed to talk about them , and he needed to be forgiven for them afterward . 
 he needed her forgiveness , and although she did n't know what was still to come , she knew he would receive it . 
 this man before her was not the monster that had done these things . 
 this man was the one that loved her , cared for her , cherished her . 
 even with all the women in his past , and she was certain that there were far more than these three , it was her that he wanted . 
 her that he truly loved . 
 `` i was born in devonshire england , hence my name . 
 i was the second son of a duke . 
 i was wealthy , spoiled , and without the added burden of inheritance that my older brother robert had . '' 
 cassie frowned as his tone changed a little , a hint of anger crept into his flat voice as he said his brother 's name . 
 she did n't have time to ponder it though as he continued on . 
 `` robert was serious , studious , smart , the apple of my father 's eye , his one true son . 
 i was a cast off , the one that would only count if something happened to robert . 
 i prayed everyday that nothing ever did happen to him , for i wanted nothing to do with my father , or any of his responsibilities . 
 i despised the man for his indifference , and hated him even more for his cruelty . '' 
 he kept his gaze focused out the window , unwilling to turn back to her . 
 his shoulders were stiff , anguish poured from him . 
 though she wanted to know the truth , it was not worth this . 
 these memories were destroying him , and she was n't sure that she wanted to know what cruelty his father had bestowed upon him . 
 `` devon you do n't have to do this , you ... '' `` yes i do , '' he interrupted harshly , his voice hissing out of him . 
 `` you need to know . 
 you have a right to know . '' 
 cassie 's mouth snapped shut , her stomach tightened into a hard knot as she slid limply onto the bed . 
 this was something that he had to do . 
 `` my father had what you would call anger issues . 
 issues that he took out on me , the wasted offspring . 
 i cried out once and my mother came to my defense , she was punished for her insolence so i learned to take every beating in silence . 
 `` when i turned eighteen i was eager to escape , desperate to be free , even if it was to the university . 
 once free , i took refuge in the local taverns , drinking heavily , gambling , and ... well other things , '' he mumbled . 
 his shoulders slouched slightly as his head bowed . 
 cassie did n't have to hear what those other things were to know that they were women . 
 `` i stopped going to school , i lost myself in every form of drudgery i could find , just hoping that it would get back to my father . 
 just hoping to piss him off . 
 i did n't care if he disowned me , i had discovered that i had a talent with cards , and i was doing well supporting myself . 
 `` then i met elizabeth . 
 she was in one of the gaming halls that i often visited . 
 it was amazing to see her there , women were not allowed into the clubs unless they were working them . 
 and elizabeth was definitely not working this club , or at least she was n't working it as one of the escorts . 
 in fact , no one there seemed to know her , but they all wanted to get closer to her , and no one asked her to leave . 
 `` what none of us knew was that elizabeth had discovered that the men 's gaming halls were a perfect way to make a lot of money . 
 she could take it from anyone she wanted to , and of course , there was plenty of food for her there . '' 
 he rested his arm against the sill , leaning forward as he stared out at the night . 
 the hard muscles in his arms and back rippled as he moved . 
 though the tense silence was killing her , cassie kept silent . 
 devon was no longer with her , but trapped in a past that he could n't escape . 
 shuddering slightly , cassie huddled deeper into herself , wishing that she could ease the agony radiating from him . 
 `` i wanted elizabeth , but i was n't like the other men , i did n't chase her around . 
 i did n't throw money and jewels at her ; i did not even buy her a drink . 
 it aggravated the hell out of her ; she simply did n't understand how i was able to resist her . 
 in fact , i still do n't know how i did . 
 for , although she was a vampire , i did not feel that lure to her as strongly as other humans did . 
 `` it was that factor , and the fact that i was not a good human being , that made her decide to change me . 
 she enjoyed watching my antics , my drunken brawls , my inane lack of caring or respect for the human race . 
 i was selfish and i was fascinating to her , and she thought that i would make a fine addition to her race . 
 i was already brutal and disgusting as a human . 
 as a vampire , well she felt i would be spectacular . '' 
 his arm dropped away from the sill . 
 `` and she was right , i was spectacular and i was a fine addition to the species . 
 the transition was painful , but once complete i took to my new identity like a fish to water . 
 i had found my home . 
 i was where i belonged . 
 elizabeth showed me the way , teaching me to hunt wisely , not to get caught , and how to survive . 
 i loved the death , i loved the blood , i loved the torture , and i relished in the power . '' 
 he became silent again , self loathing washed off of him in waves . 
 `` what happened to her ? '' 
 cassie asked quietly when it appeared he was n't going to say more . 
 devon 's shoulders stiffened , his back was straight as a rod . 
 `` she was killed in prague by a group of hunters about a hundred years later . '' 
 though he answered her , she sensed something more behind his words , something that he did n't wish to tell her , and though she wanted to know as much as she could about him , she was n't going to push him . 
 he was hurting enough without her reopening any more old wounds and hurts . 
 and elizabeth was dead ; that part of his past would not be showing up on her doorstep tomorrow like isla . 
 biting gently on her lower lip , her gaze darted to the night beyond him . 
 he talked about a couple hundred years as if it were nothing . 
 to her , a couple of years were huge . 
 to her , two years was almost a lifetime , never mind a hundred of them . 
 cassie shivered at the stark reminder of just how different they were . 
 just how different their worlds were , and always would be , if she decided not to join him . 
 `` i stayed alone for a long time , enjoying my solitude , and relishing in my life . 
 when i met julian i recognized the same kind of cruelty and depravity in him that resided in me . 
 we got along well , destroyed so very many lives , and relished in inflicting as much cruelty as possible . 
 we were always together until i met annabelle . '' 
 cassie 's hands tightened painfully on her arms . 
 `` you 're not like him , '' she whispered . 
 for the first time he turned to look at her . 
 his head swiveled slowly on his shoulders , his bright eyes burned with intensity as they met hers . 
 `` do n't kid yourself cassie ; i was exactly like him . 
 no , i was even worse . 
 i am still capable of extreme acts of violence , especially when it involves you , and keeping you safe , '' he said fiercely . 
 her heart kicked over , her eyes closed slowly as pain swept through her . 
 even worse ? 
 though she wanted to deny it , she knew that it was true . 
 he had been the epitome of a monster , and there was no changing that . 
 and there was no changing the fact that he still could be , she had witnessed his brutality tonight . 
 goosebumps broke out on her arms as she shuddered again . 
 `` and isla ? '' 
 she choked out , not truly wanting to know , but desperately wishing to change the subject . 
 `` isla , well isla was just your ordinary monster . 
 i met her in rome , and the moment that i saw her , i wanted her . 
 isla liked to toy with men , play with them , wrapping them around her little finger before cutting them loose again . 
 she thought that she could play with me , but she had a rude awakening instead . 
 as a human she was cruel , manipulative , and beautiful . 
 as a vampire she was a sight to behold . 
 i changed her , i created her because i wanted her , and i wanted to see the amount of cruelty and death she could bestow upon the world . 
 and she was outstanding at it , exciting , fascinating . '' 
 agony twisted through cassie 's chest , making it damn near impossible for her to breathe . 
 the gleam in his eyes was vicious . 
 it was as if he wanted to push her away , and she realized with a start , that he did . 
 he did n't feel as if he deserved her , and the more he relived his past , the more he hated himself . 
 he was trying to push her away before she could take no more , and left him . 
 that was not going to happen . 
 `` isla began to fancy herself in love with me , i did not return it , but i did enjoy her company . 
 often . '' 
 cassie winced , her nails dug into her skin at the brutality of his words . 
 she bit hard into her bottom lip in an attempt to keep from crying . 
 `` stop , '' she whispered , unable to bear anymore . 
 `` stop what ? 
 the truth ? '' 
 he practically snarled . 
 cassie shook her head , unable to stop the tremors wracking through her . 
 `` no , stop trying to push me away . 
 please devon , i can take almost anything , but not that . 
 please . '' 
 `` cassie ... '' `` i understand about your past , i do , '' she interrupted swiftly . 
 `` but please just stop . '' 
 she never heard him move , did n't know he had until he was kneeling before her , his beautiful eyes lost and hopeless . 
 `` i 'm sorry cassie , forgive me . 
 forgive me for everything . '' 
 tears slid down her cheeks as she cupped his face , gently running her thumb over the perfect contours she knew and loved . 
 pain and anguish had etched lines into his face , making his mouth harder . 
 he desperately needed forgiveness , it burned from him . 
 but she was not the one that could give it to him . 
 `` i can not forgive you , '' she whispered , rushing on when hurt rocked through him . 
 `` you have done nothing to me to warrant my forgiveness . 
 you are not that monster anymore devon , you have n't been for years ... '' `` the women . '' 
 cassie winced involuntarily . 
 that was something she would have to work on in her own time , and in her own way . 
 her confidence had been rattled , her fears confirmed , but everything he was telling her was then . 
 and now ... well now he was hers , and she was not going to let him go . 
 `` devon i knew there were other women , i 'm not a fool . 
 you 've been around for awhile . '' 
 she managed a wry smile that she did not feel , but he needed her reassurance , and he needed her love . 
 for him , she could do anything . 
 `` it 's yourself that you need to forgive , '' she whispered . 
 he searched her face , his eyes wounded and yet so very hopeful . 
 `` i do n't deserve you . '' 
 `` yes , you do . '' 
 he seized hold of her hand , squeezing it tightly as he kissed it gently . 
 urgency radiated from him , need poured from his soul . 
 her breath was stolen from her as the force of his desire beat against her . 
 tugging her toward him , he wrapped his hand around the back of her head , pulling her mouth to his . 
 shock coursed through her , his intensity overwhelmed her as his tongue swept into her mouth . 
 reasonable thought fled as he invaded all of her senses , shattering her self-doubt and fears . 
 he rose up over her , pushing her gently onto the bed , his hard body coming down on top of hers . 
 cassie 's heart hammered , her body tingled with excitement as his hands stroked over her , bringing her body to shocking life . 
 she had never felt anything like this , never knew such exquisite pleasure existed . 
 her fingers dug into his hair , pulling him tighter against her , needing more of him , wanting all of him . 
 this was right , this was where she belonged , where she would always belong . 
 since the moment she met him , he had owned her heart , body , and soul . 
 he was her perfect other half , he was the only one that could ever make her whole . 
 his kiss became almost painful in his desperation and need . 
 his hands slid her baggy sweatshirt up , stroking over her skin , caressing her gently as his fingers slid down to the waist band of her workout pants . 
 though she was swept away in a rising wave of passion and pleasure , a bolt of fear tore through her . 
 she loved him , she truly did , but she was not ready for this . 
 not after this night , and not when she was still so rattled and shaken . 
 `` stop , devon , wait , '' she managed to gasp out , tearing her mouth from his , knowing that if she did not stop this now she never would . 
 he pulled back , his body stilling against hers , his eyes questioning and worried . 
 `` i ca n't , i 'm not ready . '' 
 she shook her head , unable to meet his gaze again as humiliation burned through her . 
 she was sure that isla had never told him no . 
 cassie shuddered at the thought . 
 she was acting like a silly child , she knew that , but she simply was not ready for this . 
 especially not when she still felt so raw , and wounded . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` cassie look at me . 
 look at me , '' he ordered again when she kept her gaze firmly planted on her bureau . 
 slowly , trying to keep her shaking under control , she met his gaze again . 
 `` i do n't want to do anything that you are not ready for . 
 i 've waited over seven hundred years for you , and i 'll wait for you forever . 
 when you are ready , i will be here cassie . 
 for you , i can do anything . '' 
 she began to cry , soft sobs wracked through her as relief and love filled her . 
 rolling off of her , he pulled her tight against him as he cradled her gently . 
 she did not doubt his words ; she simply wished that she would be enough for him when the time came . 
 that he would not be disappointed in her . 
 that he would not compare her to them , and find her lacking . 
 she also wished that her doubts about changing for him were n't back , wished that she could ease the need that radiated from him constantly . 
 but she was frightened of his world , weary of the cruelty and constant hunger that filled it . 
 she rested her hand on his chest , curling her head in the hollow of his shoulder . 
 she frowned when he seized hold of her hand , moving it to the other side of his chest . 
 it took her a moment to realize that this was what he did every time she rested her hand over the spot where his heart should be beating . 
 it was one of the reasons she had never noticed his lack of a heartbeat before . 
 well , that and the fact that she had been too blinded and infatuated with him to notice much of anything else . 
 but now , she noticed . 
 tugging her hand free , she rested it back over the empty hollow of his chest , slightly disturbed by the lack of a heartbeat , but she loved him too much to care . 
 `` no , '' she whispered when he reached for her hand again . 
 `` cassie , '' he groaned . 
 `` you do n't need to be constantly reminded of what i am . '' 
 she lifted her head out of the hollow of his arm to meet his gaze . 
 `` you 're the person i love devon , and i want to be reminded of that fact every second of the day . '' 
 he stared at her for a moment , his eyes wide and bright . 
 his hand tightened around hers , pressing it tighter to his silent chest . 
 cassie smiled softly at him as she bent to kiss him , loving the wonderful feel and scent of him as she lost herself to the bliss that he offered her . 
 *** despite the awful events of the night , cassie awoke in a surprisingly good mood . 
 devon 's arm was draped over her , his hard face innocent and sweet while he slept . 
 she dropped a gentle kiss on his brow , scooting slowly out of bed so as not to wake him . 
 padding toward the bathroom , she pulled her bandages gently off , glad to find that the wounds were healing well . 
 she took a quick shower and changed into a pair of jeans and a red sox t-shirt , opting for comfy rather than stylish . 
 it was sunday after all . 
 her grandmother would already be making pancakes and sausages for them , and an egg white omelet for melissa . 
 cassie was pulling out more bandages and antiseptic when a soft knock sounded on the door . 
 she pulled it open , smiling at the sight of devon 's tussled hair , and sleepy half smile . 
 his green eyes perused her , an eyebrow quirked slightly . 
 `` adorable , '' he muttered , his voice husky . 
 cassie felt her cheeks flush as she ducked her head . 
 noting the supplies on the sink , he came toward her , pulling her shirt gently up . 
 his forehead furrowed , his eyes darkened as he studied the deep scratches on her side . 
 `` almost completely healed , '' he mumbled , more to himself . 
 `` why do you sound so upset about that ? 
 should n't you be happy that they 're healing well ? '' 
 he glanced up at her , smiling brightly . 
 `` of course i 'm happy , it 's just surprising . '' 
 she was n't fooled . 
 his smile did not reach his eyes , nor did it lighten the worry that still marred his brow . 
 `` i told you that i heal fast . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he kissed her forehead gently . 
 `` let me help you . '' 
 taking hold of the peroxide , he gently cleaned the gashes . 
 his touch was so light that she hardly felt it . 
 smoothing the bandages into place , he stood slowly . 
 `` how are the ribs ? '' 
 cassie shrugged slightly , gently touching the bruises that were already fading from her rib cage . 
 the cracks were already healed , but the bone was still bruised , though not badly . 
 `` much better , '' she assured him . 
 he nodded ; his eyes still dark as his hands wrapped around her waist . 
 `` i have to go , but i 'll be back in a little bit . '' 
 cassie swallowed heavily , hating to see him leave . 
 `` be safe , '' she whispered . 
 `` always , '' he vowed , kissing her gently . 
 she watched as he slipped out the window , disappearing fluidly over the sill . 
 shaking her head , she hummed softly to herself as she made her way swiftly downstairs , practically skipping down the last set of steps . 
 despite the hideous events of the dance , waking in devon 's arms had lifted her spirits considerably . 
 chris was still lying on the couch , his arm tossed over his eyes in an attempt to block out the sunlight filtering through the windows . 
 `` good morning , '' she greeted brightly . 
 lowering his arm , he stared skeptically at her . 
 `` ugh , '' he grunted , apparently not at all pleased with it . 
 cassie laughed happily , turning toward the kitchen . 
 `` get up lazy butt ! '' 
 she called over her shoulder . 
 the ring of the doorbell stopped her before she reached the kitchen . 
 she hurried to the door , surprised that melissa and luther would ring the bell , they usually just walked in . 
 shrugging , cassie grasped hold of the handle as chris bolted upright , leaping to his feet in a smooth , fluid motion as he cleared the back of the couch in one fluid motion . 
 `` cassie no ! '' 
 he barked , his voice hoarse and strangled . 
 but it was too late . 
 she already had the door open , and what was standing on the other side was something far worse than she ever could have imagined . 
 something far worse than isla and julian . 
 chapter 20 why did n't she smell pancakes cooking ? 
 and the sausage , well that should be frying by now . 
 and of course she should be able to smell the mushrooms , green peppers , and onions that would be sauteing for melissa 's omelet . 
 but why did n't she smell them ? 
 it was pancake sunday , and next sunday was belgium waffles , but for some reason the pancakes were not cooking right now . 
 had her grandmother slept in ? 
 no , wait , she never slept in , she was always up early , humming and dancing around the kitchen as she cooked . 
 cassie 's gaze darted to the driveway . 
 where was the little red mustang ? 
 her grandmother 's baby , her one luxury . 
 it was always parked right there , gleaming and shiny because it was waxed and washed at least twice a week . 
 her grandmother loved to ride around town with the top down , the wind blowing her strawberry hair back as she blasted the radio . 
 where was the car ? 
 cassie 's ears were humming , there was a thrumming vibe in her eardrums that blocked out all sound , all reason . 
 she turned back to the people before her , the buzz instantly increased in her head . 
 it sounded like a swarm of bees had encircled her , and she thought that would be preferable to the people on her doorstep . 
 the people before her were speaking , or at least the woman was , but she could n't hear them . 
 cassie knew the woman was speaking though because she could see the woman 's lips moving , even if there was no sound . 
 cassie 's gaze darted frantically to the empty driveway again , then back into the house . 
 she inhaled deeply once more , but still no smell reached her . 
 she did not want to look at the people before again , but she knew that she had to . 
 she did not want to hear what they had to say , because with heart wrenching certainty she already knew what those words would be , and they would destroy her . 
 chris moved into the doorway of the living room , his broad shoulders were slumped , his sandy blond hair disheveled from sleeping on the couch . 
 his eyes were filled with sadness so profound that it pierced cassie 's heart , it ripped her violently from the shell of denial and shock she had wrapped herself in . 
 chris 's eyes met hers ; tears already shimmered in their sapphire depths . 
 of course he would know what they were saying . 
 he had known before she 'd even opened the door , and he did not have bee 's buzzing through his head . 
 he had warned her not to open it , why had n't she listened ? 
 slowly turning back around , her gaze focused on the well built woman before her . 
 though she looked hard and professional , her brown eyes were warm , and regret radiated from them . 
 the man beside her was young , the freckles on the bridge of his nose stood out starkly against his pallor . 
 he appeared to be new on the job , and it was obvious that he did not want to be here . 
 `` are you cassandra fairmont ? '' 
 the woman inquired , probably for the third or fourth time . 
 a pounding on the stairs momentarily drew all of their attention . 
 dani froze three feet from the bottom , her mouth parted as her gold streaked hazel eyes widened in horror . 
 her eyes darted wildly to cassie , then around the house . 
 tears spilled down her cheeks instantly , swiftly rolling down to drop unheeded from her chin . 
 cassie shuddered , cold swept through her veins , turning her entire body to ice . 
 she was certain she would never be warm again , never feel anything again . 
 swallowing heavily , she turned back to the two police officers on her doorstep . 
 devon appeared behind them , his shoulders stiff , and his emerald eyes shining brightly in the morning light . 
 the presence of the officers must have stopped him from leaving . 
 he would not leave her if he thought she might be in danger , or hurt . 
 though his black hair was still a tumbled mess , he was the most handsome man she had ever seen . 
 for a brief moment , feeling returned to her numbed limbs , but it was swiftly doused by the tidal wave of pain surging through her . 
 she could n't look at him anymore , she could n't bear to . 
 `` yes , i am , '' she said stiffly , her voice choked and harsh . 
 the woman nodded slightly , her hands clenched tighter upon the hat she held before her . 
 `` may we come in ? '' 
 cassie did n't move . 
 she looked up at the clear blue sky , a sky that was completely out of place right now . 
 it should be gray , stormy , with no hope radiating from its rolling dark clouds . 
 the birds should not be singing . 
 nothing should be happy today , everything should stop . 
 the world simply just needed to stop spinning so she could curl up in a ball somewhere and shut out everything around her . 
 how could she be in this much pain and nothing around her was stopping to acknowledge it ? 
 `` how ? '' 
 she managed to croak out through her numbed , raw throat . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 the woman inquired in surprise . 
 cassie 's focus sharpened on her , her eyes narrowed as a wash of molten lava began to fill her , swiftly burying the pain that entrenched her body . 
 `` how did she die ? '' 
 she grated , the hand clenching on the door handle nearly ripped it free . 
 the officers exchanged a brief , startled glance . 
 they were probably used to people breaking down into tears , not glaring at them as if they were satan himself . 
 and they sure as hell were n't used to people asking them how their loved ones had died . 
 `` miss , if we could please come inside , '' the woman said gently . 
 `` i want to know how my grandmother died ! '' 
 cassie snapped . 
 `` cassie , '' chris said softly , walking over to rest his hand lightly on her shoulder . 
 she shrugged him swiftly off , glaring fiercely at him . 
 his eyes widened , but he made no move to touch her again as she turned back to the police officers . 
 the woman nodded briskly . 
 `` i 'm afraid that your grandmother was in an accident . 
 we found her car early this morning . 
 it appears she swerved to avoid something . '' 
 cassie remained stiff , her mind tripped over the words . 
 a car accident ? 
 no , impossible . 
 no accident had taken her grandmother from her ; it had been something far worse . 
 she knew that . 
 `` i want to see her . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 the younger officer asked in surprise . 
 `` i want to see my grandmother 's body , '' she enunciated clearly and slowly . 
 `` miss , i do n't think that 's a good idea , '' he rushed out clearly horrified that cassie would make such a request . 
 his partner shot him a warning look , but she looked extremely discomfited by cassie 's request also . 
 `` miss , your grandmother has already been identified by dental records ; there is no need for you to ... '' `` i have a right to see her , '' she said sharply . 
 `` yes , but ... '' cassie turned swiftly away , grabbing her shoes from the hall closet . 
 she did n't care what they had to say anymore , she was going . 
 come hell or high water , she was going to see her grandmother . 
 she did n't care that she was n't wearing socks as she slipped her sneakers on . 
 seizing hold of her coat , she turned back to the officer 's . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 `` miss. . . '' 
 the woman broke off as cassie gazed fiercely at her . 
 there would be no dissuading her , and although the woman officer did n't like it , she was not going to argue any further . 
 `` we 'll take you over , '' she said softly , ignoring the shocked look her partner sent her . 
 cassie nodded briskly . 
 `` follow me over , '' she said to chris , not bothering to look at him as she pounded down the stairs after the officers . 
 devon moved to stop her , his long fingered hand reached for her . 
 she sidestepped him easily , her eyes narrowing fiercely upon him . 
 she did not wish to be touched or comforted right now . 
 keeping her head high , she slid into the backseat of the police car , not looking back as the cruiser pulled slowly out of the drive . 
 chris and devon hurried to their cars , pulling out behind the cruiser they followed slowly behind . 
 cassie did n't see anything on the ride , nothing registered past the haze that surrounded her . 
 anger hummed through her veins , pain constricted her chest in a tight vice grip . 
 she could hardly breathe , and she found herself not caring . 
 she did n't want to breathe . 
 she would be ok if all movement , all functions of survival simply shut down . 
 for she felt shut down , she felt cold , and hollow , and numb . 
 if her grandmother could no longer breathe , no longer see this world , then why should she still be able to ? 
 cassie shuddered , her fingers dug tighter into her arms as she clung to them , unable to move , unable to think past the anguish tearing through her . 
 the world went by in a swift blur as they drove to the hospital . 
 upon arrival , cassie found herself moving through a thick fog as she followed the officers into the lower level of the building . 
 she barely acknowledged chris and devon following behind her as she made her way through the sterile , dimly lit halls . 
 `` wait here , '' the woman said briskly , leaving cassie standing outside a set of double doors . 
 she stood stiffly , her hands fisted at her sides as she stared at the thick steel doors . 
 devon and chris did not try to approach her again . 
 they seemed to realize that she did not want their touch . 
 she could n't handle it right now . 
 she did n't know how much time passed , for she had no concept of time in this world of pain and suffering , but she did n't think it was much . 
 a young , dark haired man in a lab coat stepped out of the double doors . 
 his dark gaze darted swiftly over the three of them before settling on cassie . 
 `` miss , i. . . '' 
 `` i want to see my grandmother , '' she cut in harshly , not wanting to listen to any more people trying to dissuade her from her course . 
 his eyes widened slightly , he licked his lips nervously before nodding slowly . 
 `` ok miss , but i must warn you that there is some damage to the body . '' 
 cassie shuddered , her eyes closed as a small moan of anguish escaped her . 
 the body ? 
 the body ! 
 her mind screamed against the word . 
 the woman in there was not a body , she was her grandmother ! 
 but even as the words shrieked through her mind , she knew that they were not true . 
 what was inside that room was no longer her grandmother . 
 what was in there was only the shell of the person that had taken care of her , and raised her with so much love and tenderness . 
 inside that room was the only blood family cassie had ever known , the only family that had ever loved her unconditionally . 
 for a moment she wavered , uncertain if she could do this . 
 then , anger snapped back through her , suffusing her in its secure cocoon as it helped to shove aside her doubt . 
 the pain dwindled in the face of the thick haze of rage encompassing her . 
 if she stayed angry , then she did n't have to face anything . 
 if she stayed angry , she could make it through this . 
 if she did not stay mad , she would turn into a blubbering mess on the floor . 
 she would turn into a person incapable of doing anything other than crying . 
 she owed it to her grandmother not to become that person . 
 she owed it to her grandmother to learn the truth , and to get justice for the cruelty that had been committed last night . 
 she owed it to her grandmother to see that her killer was destroyed . 
 `` i want to see , '' cassie managed to choke out . 
 the man nodded , but his eyes darted nervously to chris and devon . 
 it was more than apparent that he wanted them to step in and attempt to change her mind . 
 `` cassie , '' devon said softly , reaching out to gently touch her arm . 
 she jerked back , her eyes darting wildly to him . 
 dismay and hurt filled his emerald eyes , worry and love radiated from him . 
 again , cassie felt herself wavering in the face of that love . 
 for a moment the fury melted as anguish blazed forth . 
 she opened her mouth to speak , her heart flipped wildly in her chest . 
 devon could make this a little better , in his arms she could find the shelter that she sought , the protection and love that she so desperately needed right now . 
 in his arms , she would not hurt as much . 
 she took a small step toward him before fully recalling why she was here , what it was that she needed to do . 
 she could not continue to hide behind him , she had to face this head on ; she could not let this go unresolved . 
 her grandmother had sacrificed so much for her , had kept her alive when many others had been killed . 
 yet cassie had been curled up in devon 's arms last night , hidden from the world , while her grandmother was being terrorized and murdered . 
 hatred swamped her , disgust and self loathing consumed her . 
 her grandmother deserved far better than what cassie had given her . 
 tearing her arm away from devon , she glared fiercely at him , taking a shuddery breath as she tried to get air past the intense pressure in her chest . 
 `` do n't , '' she growled . 
 his hand fell away , pain blazed from his eyes . 
 he looked quickly to chris , but chris wisely chose not to try and dissuade her . 
 `` i want to see my grandmother now . '' 
 the man 's dark eyes darted once more to chris and devon , when they showed no signs of helping him , his shoulders slumped in defeat . 
 `` please follow me , '' he said softly . 
 cassie followed stiffly behind him ; the stench of the astringent chemicals barely pierced the hard wall encasing her . 
 she was well aware of the fact that from this moment on , her life would never be the same . 
 well aware of the fact that she would never be the same again . 
 the man paused outside another door ; taking out a key card he slid it through the machine next to the door . 
 the doors opened with a soft whoosh . 
 fluorescent light filtered on in the room , lighting the hard tile and cold floor . 
 cassie 's eyes widened as she took in the sheet enshrouded table in the middle . 
 her heart hammered with the painful certainty that her grandmother lay under that sheet . 
 no , not her grandmother , the body lay under that sheet . 
 cassie shuddered , her fingers dug into the flesh of her arms as she hugged herself tightly . 
 a fierce shaking took hold of her . 
 the man moved forward , glancing briefly back at cassie before he pulled the sheet slowly back . 
 chris gasped before turning slightly away . 
 cassie stood unmoving , her gaze latched onto the side of her grandmothers face . 
 she had been so pretty , so full of life and cheer and love . 
 now , her delicate features were marred by bruises , and a large bump had formed in the center of her forehead . 
 scratches and cuts marred what had once been smooth porcelain skin , but that skin was now tinted a bluish gray color . 
 even her lips had been leached of color and were nearly as white as the walls surrounding them . 
 it was only a body , cassie told herself repeatedly . 
 her grandmother was free now ; her spirit was keeping company with the ghosts that she had spoken to in life . 
 though cassie tried to convince herself of this , she found no comfort in the words . 
 no solace in the fact that her grandmother was free . 
 she was certain she would never find solace again in the cruel world they resided in . 
 though she did n't want to go any closer to the body , she knew that she must . 
 moving stiffly forward she paused next to the metal table her grandmother lay upon . 
 for a moment cassie expected her eyes to snap open , a bright smile to spread across her face as she launched up and yelled surprise . 
 though it would scare the hell out of her , cassie found that she wanted nothing more than exactly that to happen . 
 but as she stood there , staring down at her grandmother 's prone form , she began to realize she would never see her grandmother 's sky colored eyes again . 
 for a brief moment , pain blazed forth again , tears burned her eyes and the hard lump in her throat made it difficult to breathe . 
 with trembling fingers , cassie reached forward and lightly touched her grandmother 's cheek . 
 her skin was cold , hard , unyielding . 
 cassie nearly buckled ; nearly fell to the floor as agony swamped her . 
 it was sheer strength of will that kept her standing , kept her breathing . 
 ever so slowly , she brushed back her grandmother 's strawberry blond hair . 
 two jagged tears marked her grandmother 's neck , wounds that could easily be explained by the accident . 
 but cassie was not fooled into thinking that was what had caused them . 
 no , she knew exactly what monster had put those marks upon her grandmother . 
 her hands clenched upon the table , fury and horror suffused her . 
 rage encompassed her , boiling through her with the force of molten lava , burning away everything that she was , everything that she had ever been . 
 the lava boiled and poured through her , leaving only smoldering ashes in place of the person she had once been . 
 chapter 21 devon stood helplessly by , wishing that he could do something for her , but knowing that this was something she had to do on her own . 
 something that she had to come to terms with in her own way . 
 unfortunately , her way seemed to be the hardest way possible , and there was nothing he could do to stop it . 
 cassie 's hands shook as she pushed aside her grandmother 's hair , her pain and anguish beat against him in rolling waves that made it difficult for him to think . 
 chris was deathly pale ; even his lips were white as he watched cassie with wide , pain filled eyes . 
 though devon could sense cassie 's pain , chris seemed to be swamped inside of it , unable to escape from the emotions she emitted in waves . 
 her pain was so intense that chris could not turn his telepathic ability off against it . 
 chris met devon 's gaze briefly , his sapphire eyes shimmered with unshed tears . 
 he had also lost someone that he loved deeply . 
 he had lost the woman that had helped to raise him , a woman that had loved him when his own mother could n't , or would n't . 
 devon turned slowly back to cassie . 
 she was standing stiffly , her eyes locked on the condemning marks on her grandmother 's neck . 
 devon 's eyes widened , his skin came alive with the tingling waves of fury and hatred that blasted from her . 
 chris took an involuntary step back , his head bowed beneath the force of the emotions battering against him . 
 `` cassie , '' devon said gently , frightened by the anger blazing from her . 
 this was cassie , his cassie . 
 sweet , innocent , and so achingly lovely and loving . 
 she did n't know how to hate . 
 or at least she had n't before this moment . 
 but now he could feel that hate blazing against him , feel the rage that suffused her , leaving her shaken and shattered . 
 her head bent , her golden hair cascaded forward as she inhaled shakily . 
 her slender back heaved slightly with the force of her breaths . 
 though she did not want his comfort , he no longer cared . 
 she was going to get it . 
 he could not leave her alone to face this , could not leave her broken and torn . 
 striding purposely forward , he rested his hands on her shoulders , wanting nothing more than to pull her close and help to ease the feelings blasting from her . 
 she stood stiffly for a moment , the small tremor in her body reaching him . 
 then , she turned suddenly , pulling free of him as she spun wildly . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 she snapped , her eyes narrowing furiously . 
 her hands fisted at her sides as she glared at him with fierce loathing . 
 devon stood stiffly , shock tearing through him . 
 though her reaction stunned him , it was what he had seen in her eyes that left him immobile and terrified . 
 `` do n't you ever touch me again ! 
 this ... this is your fault ! '' 
 dismay tore through him ; instinctively he took a step toward her . 
 he wanted to console her , wanted to make this even a small bit better if he could . 
 he also needed to protect her from what he was beginning to fear may lurk inside of her . 
 something he had been trying to deny about her , but now realized that it was very likely true . 
 her eyes narrowed even more . 
 `` stay away from me . '' 
 her voice broke , her body trembled fiercely . 
 `` you helped create that monster . 
 you brought him here . 
 he 's here because of you ! 
 not us , but you ! 
 he killed her , and it 's your fault ! '' 
 devon felt as if he had been punched , hard . 
 terror and anguish tore through him . 
 she had forgiven him for so many things , loved him through them all , but this ... well this had been the final straw . 
 she had been broken ; there was no more forgiveness in her . 
 her beautiful azure , amethyst eyes were bright with anger , gleaming with it . 
 her small hands were fisted at her sides , her shoulders shook . 
 though it no longer beat , he could feel his heart shattering , could feel the darkness swamping up , trying to consume him . 
 without her , he was nothing . 
 without her , his life meant nothing . 
 he could feel the monster inside of him turning , twisting to break free , trying to use this as its opportunity to take control once more and return to its killing , wanton ways . 
 return to slaughtering innocents in its quest to satisfy its unending thirst . 
 devon shuddered , his eyes closed as he struggled to maintain control of his own body . 
 no matter what cassie felt for him now , he could not return to the thing he had once been . 
 if she no longer wanted him , then there was nothing that he could do about it . 
 but she did need him . 
 she needed him to protect her , and to keep her safe . 
 julian and isla were still out there , and they would use any opportunity they could to get at her , to destroy her and her friends . 
 if he lost control , she would be vulnerable to them . 
 no matter what happened , he knew that he could not exist in a world that cassie did n't live in , even if she did n't want him in her life . 
 his gaze darted to the body in the middle of the room . 
 he should have seen this coming . 
 he had been so wrapped up in trying to keep cassie , chris , and melissa safe that he had not thought about lily . 
 but she had been a prime target also . 
 despite her age , she was also a hunter , and she was cassie 's grandmother . 
 julian would want to break cassie . 
 he would want to toy with her before killing her , and lily was the perfect way to do so . 
 julian had touched cassie , he would know about lily , and how much cassie cared for her . 
 julian 's touch would have allowed him many insights into cassie 's life , far more insights than devon was comfortable with . 
 how had he not seen this coming ? 
 loathing and disgust washed over him as his hands fisted tighter . 
 cassie spun away from him , her still damp hair whipping out behind her . 
 `` take me home . '' 
 chris gaped at her , his eyes wide and questioning . 
 the color had not returned to his face , in fact he seemed even more ashen and hollow . 
 his eyes were dark , worried , withdrawn . 
 `` cassie , do n't do this . '' 
 the words were choked out of him ; his voice was hoarse with pleading and sorrow . 
 his eyes darted worriedly to devon ; hopelessness filled his gaze as a small tremor ran through him . 
 cassie was fairly spitting with fury . 
 `` take me home ! '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` cassie ... '' she stormed out the door , leaving them both staring after her in shock . 
 devon was the first to recover . 
 `` go , '' he said softly . 
 chris 's eyes darted back to him . 
 `` devon ... '' `` go , '' he growled . 
 it killed him to send another man with her , even if it was chris , but he could not go with her , and she needed someone . 
 he was not wanted at her side anymore , and to try and get closer to her may very well just push her over the edge . 
 she was standing on a thin precipice as it was , he did not want to be the one that shoved her over . 
 he ached to be the one that comforted her , that held her , but it was not to be . 
 not anymore . 
 agony twisted through him , but he stood stiffly , his gaze clashing with chris 's stunned , agonized one . 
 `` go . '' 
 chris shook his head . 
 `` she 'll come around , '' chris said softly . 
 `` she 's just ... '' he broke off , sighing softly as he ran a hand wearily through his already disheveled hair . 
 `` well , i do n't know what she is right now . '' 
 chris 's voice trailed off , his eyebrows drew sharply together . 
 he shoved his hands into his pockets but did not move . 
 he looked so lost , so confused and tortured . 
 `` that 's not cassie , '' chris mumbled . 
 no , it was n't cassie , devon knew that . 
 what he did n't know was whether cassie would come back to them , or if her grief and anger would consume her . 
 `` you have to go chris . 
 she needs someone right now . '' 
 chris 's gaze darted to him and then back to the doorway . 
 finally , he settled on devon again . 
 `` i 'll talk to her . '' 
 `` it wo n't help , not now . '' 
 chris opened his mouth , and then snapped it shut . 
 sadness enveloped him . 
 not only was chris dealing with his own pain , but devon 's and cassie 's were beating against him , tearing down his walls , pounding his soul . 
 `` go . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he whispered . 
 ducking his head , chris moved stiffly out the door , his broad shoulders slumped in defeat . 
 devon fought the urge to follow after him , to follow after her . 
 she needed him now , even if she did n't know it . 
 she needed him , but she did not want him . 
 he had to accept that , he had to know it . 
 he turned stiffly back to the body , back to lily . 
 her face was still uncovered , her lips pale , her skin the color of death . 
 yet she somehow she still looked refined , elegant . 
 moving slowly over to her , he clasped hold of her cold , rigid arm . 
 she had been so accepting of him . 
 she had never turned against him , even when the others , including cassie , had been weary of what he was . 
 there had been so much life and love inside of her . 
 he had seen many dead bodies in his long life , but this was the first one that truly upset him . 
 not only because it had caused cassie so much pain , but also because he had truly liked the woman too . 
 `` i 'll take care of her , '' he promised , knowing that it would be the only thing lily would care about . 
 lifting the sheet , he dropped it gently back over her . 
 his soul was beaten , he was weary and aching and so very hurt . 
 there was a tight knot of pain in his chest , an aching loss that he was n't sure he could survive . 
 he had lost the only thing that mattered to him , the only person he had ever truly loved . 
 yet , he could n't acknowledge that loss , not now . 
 there was too much he had to deal with . 
 the first of which was what he had seen in cassie 's eyes just moments ago . 
 there had been something about her that he had been trying to puzzle out for the past few weeks . 
 something about her abilities , or lack thereof , that had been nagging at him . 
 there were so many things that did n't make sense ; he just had n't known who to turn to in order to help him figure it out . 
 now , he did . 
 turning from the morgue , devon made his way slowly outside . 
 the sun 's rays did little to warm him as he made his way toward his car . 
 hitting the alarm button , he threw the driver 's side door open and slid inside . 
 he drove slowly through the winding back streets , trying to puzzle out everything that had just happened . 
 the flash of red he had seen in cassie 's eyes haunted him as he made his way toward luther 's house . 
 *** the hazy fog of anger that enshrouded cassie was a welcome relief to the agony that kept threatening to rise up and consume her . 
 she could not escape the image of her grandmother 's face , so cold and almost unrecognizable . 
 where was her smile , the light in her eyes , where was the welcoming , loving hug that she gave so easily ? 
 gone . 
 forever . 
 neither could she forget the haunted , pained , hurt look that had filled devon 's eyes when she had turned against him . 
 she wavered briefly in her determination , and then her anger snapped welcomingly back into place . 
 there was no room for regret in this new world of hers , no room for wavering . 
 there was only room for revenge , and she wanted that more than anything else right now . 
 including devon . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 she cut chris off sharply , wanting no sympathy , no condolences right now . 
 she did n't want love anymore . 
 it only left her vulnerable , open to hurt and pain . 
 it was something that she had known before devon arrived , something that she had lived by . 
 but he had made her forget about it , for a little while anyway . 
 today she had been forcefully reminded of it . 
 today she had been slapped in the face with it . 
 devon had made her love , and hope , and dream again . 
 they were all things that she knew would get her hurt , but she had been unable to stop herself from doing them in his presence . 
 he had opened her up , made her vulnerable , and she hated him for that . 
 she hated him for making her forget about the pain and death that encompassed her life . 
 if he had n't arrived , then none of this would have happened . 
 julian would n't be here without devon , and cassie would have been better prepared for the loss of her loved ones . 
 the loss of her grandmother still would have hurt , but it would not have devastated her to this degree . 
 it would not have shattered her in this way . 
 but devon had come , and he had opened her up , and now she was an empty shell of the person he had made her . 
 all that existed in this body was anger . 
 there was no room for hope and love in here . 
 not when revenge was consuming her . 
 fisting her hands , cassie stared unseeingly out the window . 
 she would get julian . 
 she would destroy him . 
 and she did not care if she died in the process ; she almost hoped that she did . 
 she wanted all of this to end . 
 she did n't want to live like this anymore . 
 she just had to make sure that she took that monster with her when she went . 
 chris turned into her driveway , parking beside luther 's car . 
 cassie stared silently at the small cape house . 
 it had always seemed so welcoming and inviting before . 
 it had always been her home . 
 now it seemed foreign , alien ; cold . 
 how could it be a home when the person who had made it such was gone ? 
 it could n't , that was the simple and only answer . 
 it was no longer her home , but that did n't matter as she did n't plan on living here for much longer . 
 chris turned toward her , his eyes weary and wounded . 
 she did n't meet his gaze , she simply could n't . 
 he had always been more like a brother than just her friend , and she did n't want to love him . 
 not anymore . 
 if something happened to him too ... cassie shut the thought down . 
 if something happened to him , she would deal with it . 
 she would survive it . 
 it would not destroy her . 
 although , it would . 
 no matter how much she told herself that it would n't , chris 's death would still level her . 
 cassie shuddered , the anger flitting momentarily away as sorrow rose swiftly up , nearly choking her . 
 what had she done ? 
 what was she becoming ? 
 her head bowed , her shoulders heaved . 
 chris reached out to touch her but she jerked away from him , knowing that his touch would unravel her completely . 
 she could not unravel , not here , not now . 
 there was someone that needed to die first . 
 chris 's hand hung briefly in the air before falling limply back to his side . 
 forging her walls of anger once more , cassie shoved the door to his beat up mustang open . 
 climbing swiftly from the car , she marched up the walkway , climbed the stairs , and thrust the door open . 
 the house was just as cold inside as it had looked outside . 
 melissa , dani , and luther were in the living room , their heads shot up as she stormed into the foyer . 
 chris trudged slowly in behind her . 
 dani and melissa were huddled upon the couch , tears marred both their faces , and their eyes were bloodshot . 
 luther was in his customary spot at the fireplace mantel , his arm resting on top of it . 
 though he was not currently crying his eyes were bloodshot and swollen as well . 
 melissa hurried toward her ; her normally neat hair in disarray . 
 her onyx eyes shimmered with tears , sorrow radiated from her . 
 holding out her hands , melissa reached for her , but cassie took a swift step back . 
 fury filled her . 
 `` do n't , '' she ordered briskly . 
 melissa 's hands fell to her sides , confusion marred her pretty features . 
 luther and dani had also started to come forward , but they both stopped only feet behind melissa . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` did you see this coming ? '' 
 cassie demanded her voice almost unrecognizable due to the anger that filled it . 
 melissa 's dark eyebrows shot up in surprise , her mouth parted slightly . 
 she glanced briefly at chris , who still hung back , looking more like a kicked puppy then the man that cassie knew so well . 
 he gave an almost imperceptible shake of his head that caused the fire inside of cassie to rise up a level . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 cassie fairly barked . 
 `` no ! '' 
 melissa gasped . 
 `` no cassie of course not , if i had i would have stopped it ... '' `` you could n't have stopped it , we could n't have stopped it . 
 there was no stopping it . 
 there is no stopping any of it . '' 
 the four of them stared at her in disbelief ; chris shifted uncomfortably , his head bowed low . 
 `` we could have helped , somehow , '' melissa whispered . 
 `` there is no help . '' 
 cassie turned away from them , resting her hand on the banister as she made her way upstairs . 
 she needed to take inventory of her weapons , make sure that she was well supplied . 
 she would need them for when she went hunting later . 
 `` cassie , where is devon ? '' 
 she turned back at luther 's question , noting the worry and fear that radiated from his wide grey eyes . 
 `` no longer welcome in this house . '' 
 the only thing that broke the profound silence was the chiming of her grandmother 's cherished grandfather clock . 
 cassie shuddered as she reached the top of the stairs , she ignored the eyes she could feel boring into her back . 
 chapter 22 devon slid down in his seat , his eyes fixed on the house across the street . 
 he should have known that luther and melissa would not be here . 
 of course they would be with cassie . 
 but that was ok ; he was willing to wait for as long as it took . 
 he just hoped that melissa did not come back with luther . 
 this was not something that he wished to discuss in front of her . 
 sliding lower in his seat , devon tried to keep his mind off of cassie , and the agony that continued to twist in his gut . 
 he did n't think he could stand to lose her , but he had . 
 and though he felt empty and hollow , he could n't help but wonder if it was for the best . 
 there was the obvious danger and threat that julian and isla represented , but he was also a danger to her . 
 he could control himself around her , for now , but he did n't know for how much longer . 
 it was a fact he had realized a few weeks ago , when he had realized exactly what she was to him . 
 either they end it , or eventually she would have to join him . 
 though neither option had appealed to her , he had known that in the end she would choose life , a family , and humanity over darkness and death . 
 over him . 
 and who could blame her ? 
 certainly not him . 
 but he had n't been ready to lose her just yet , he had wanted , needed more time with her . 
 more time might have made it easier to release her . 
 but even as he thought it , he knew he lied . 
 it never would have been easy to release her , and more time together would have made it even worse . 
 she meant far too much to him for him ever to be able to release her easily . 
 if he could have released her at all . 
 he tried to shut the thought down . 
 he tried to blame it on the demon inside him , but he knew that the man was thinking the same thing . 
 neither man nor beast could have let her go without a fight . 
 he still was n't sure that he could . 
 when all of this was over , he knew that he would have to get as far away from her as possible if he was going to avoid changing her by force . 
 something he knew she would never forgive him for , but he was n't so certain that he even cared about that anymore . 
 not if it meant being able to keep her with him forever . 
 shifting uncomfortably , devon 's hands tightened on the wheel as sorrow swelled within him . 
 he had to get his mind off of his thoughts ; he would go crazy if he did n't . 
 he may very well snap if he continued to sit here and obsess over his misery . 
 he could still take her , he could make her stay with him , and the monster inside of him was very tempted by the notion . 
 the man knew that it would be the worst thing he could ever do to her . 
 she would hate him , she would never forgive him . 
 he would lose her forever . 
 you could keep control of her mind , a little voice inside him whispered . 
 keep her as yours , make her love you again . 
 devon shuddered , excited and disgusted by the thought . 
 yes , he could do that , but it would n't be his cassie , and though he could make her love him again it would never be the same . 
 it would never be the love that she had so easily and trustingly given to him before . 
 it would be a forced love and it would be fake . 
 he would rather live without her than force that upon her . 
 a toyota camry rolled slowly by . 
 devon 's breath froze as luther swung into his driveway , parking the car . 
 devon 's eyes narrowed as he searched the shadowed interior , relieved to discover that melissa was not present . 
 luther sat in the car for a few moments , his hands gripped tight to the wheel , his head bowed in grief . 
 devon wanted to wait for him to emerge , but he was restless , and he had waited long enough . 
 thrusting the door open , devon made his way swiftly across the street at an easy , loping run . 
 luther 's head shot up in surprise , his eyes widened when devon tapped on the driver 's side window . 
 quickly rolling down the window he stared at devon through bloodshot , slightly swollen eyes . 
 the bright grey of them was highlighted by the glasses perched precariously on the tip of his nose . 
 it was apparent that he had been crying , but his eyes were dry now . 
 `` devon , '' he said softly . 
 `` i need to talk to you . '' 
 luther sighed heavily , dropping his head slightly . 
 `` i ca n't change her mind devon , i wish i could , but i ca n't . 
 god how i wish i could , '' he muttered , his gaze drifting to his closed garage doors . 
 from what cassie had told him that was often where they held their training practices . 
 the garage was full of a wide array of exercise equipment , and weapons . 
 devon swallowed heavily , his muscles constricting briefly in his chest . 
 `` i 'm not here for that . 
 changing her mind wo n't happen . '' 
 devon did n't add that he truly wanted to believe that it was for the best anyway , not when his soul felt like it was being crushed . 
 it took a moment for his words to sink in ; luther 's gaze came slowly back to him , his eyebrows drawn questioningly together . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 why are you here then ? '' 
 `` there are some things that have been bothering me , about cassie . 
 even before all this happened . 
 i would like to discuss them with you . '' 
 luther 's eyes darkened , worry creased his brow . 
 devon felt momentarily guilty about adding more to the man 's troubles , but he was the only one that might have answers for him . 
 `` um , yes , yes of course . '' 
 devon stepped back as luther thrust his door open , dropping his keys . 
 devon bent swiftly , instinctively grabbing hold of them before they hit the ground . 
 luther 's eyes widened , his mouth parted slightly as he met devon 's gaze . 
 fear briefly flashed through his eyes . 
 though devon was slightly wounded by the fear , he understood it . 
 he was frightening , and without cassie he was highly unstable , and luther knew that . 
 luther also had no way of knowing why devon had arrived on his doorstep . 
 devon slowly handed the keys back , managing a small , reassuring smile in an attempt to ease the man 's fear . 
 `` thanks , '' luther murmured . 
 he slid from the car , moving swiftly down the brick walkway . 
 balancing the screen door open , luther unlocked the door and thrust it open . 
 `` i hope you do n't mind if i pack a few things while we talk . 
 i think it best if melissa and i stay with cassie for a bit . '' 
 he said all of this as he disappeared inside , flicking on light switches as he moved swiftly down the hall . 
 devon stopped at the doorway , unable to go further as luther disappeared around the corner , still talking . 
 leaning against the door jam , he wondered just how long it would take the distracted man to realize that he was not behind him . 
 not that long as luther 's head reappeared in the hallway , a questioning look on his features . 
 `` i ca n't come in unless i 'm invited , '' devon reminded him softly . 
 luther looked completely flustered as he hurried back down the hall . 
 `` oh of course , where is my head ? 
 come in , come in . '' 
 devon stepped easily through the doorway as luther went in the opposite direction he had gone in before . 
 devon shook his head , slightly amused by the scatterbrained way luther darted about . 
 he followed luther down another hall as he threw on more lights before stepping into a large study that was stacked floor to ceiling with books . 
 at least twenty bookcases lined the walls , but even they were not enough to hold the vast quantity of books . 
 the excess books had spilled onto the floor , parts of the couch , and the large desk in the middle of the room . 
 devon could not even begin to guess at the number of books that filled the room . 
 most appeared to be rather old in age , their bindings faded and their pages yellowed . 
 they had a musty scent that was neither pleasant , nor unpleasant , but simply hung heavily in the air . 
 other than the light on the desk , and one overhead , no other light spilled into the room . 
 that was largely due to the thick drapes drawn over the two windows behind the desk . 
 drapes that probably stayed closed at all times in order to keep the books protected from the light of the sun . 
 seeing the room , devon knew that he had come to the right place . 
 if luther did n't know what was happening , then surely one of these books could explain it . 
 `` i just need to grab a couple of volumes . '' 
 luther was searching the shelves as he spoke , his finger running swiftly over the bindings . 
 `` what 's on your mind ? '' 
 devon would have preferred to have luther 's full attention , but it was more than obvious that the man was disconcerted and out of sorts at the moment . 
 besides , he did n't think it would be long before he did have luther 's undivided attention . 
 he began to speak , telling luther about all the bits and pieces that he had picked up about cassie . 
 the better than normal hearing , the above average eyesight , her exceptional healing ability . 
 the immense speed and strength she possessed that far surpassed that of chris and melissa , or any other hunter devon had ever seen . 
 all of which had been explained by the fact that she did n't possess special abilities , like most hunter 's . 
 whereas most hunter 's powers had been filtered into extrasensory powers , cassie 's abilities were more centered upon fighting and killing . 
 it was a fact she hated , but could not deny . 
 and though the others were also above human in their strength , speed , and healing , they were not nearly as strong as cassie 's . 
 in fact , cassie 's abilities were so acute , they almost bordered on being as finely honed as his . 
 something that should not have been possible considering that she was very much alive , and he was not . 
 and then , finally , there was the red he had seen in her eyes at the morgue , the red that had brought him here . 
 it was a flash of red that never should have been present in her amazing eyes . 
 not unless she was a vampire , or unless there was something else going on within her . 
 something that none of them knew about , maybe even something that had never occurred in the history of hunter 's before . 
 and the thought of that scared the hell out of him , even more so than living without her for an eternity . 
 he could keep her safe from the dangers of the outside world , but he was greatly afraid that there may be something he could not keep her safe from . 
 and that was herself . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 luther had slid onto the corner of his desk , one of the few spots not covered in books . 
 clutched loosely in his hand , seemingly forgotten , a book dangled from his fingertips . 
 devon had been right ; he did have luther 's full attention now . 
 `` what happened to the other hunter 's like cassie , the ones that did n't have any abilities ? '' 
 luther frowned as he slipped off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose wearily . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 there were only a handful of them over the years . 
 i suppose , like all hunter 's , they met their end while fighting . 
 do you suspect something different ? '' 
 devon ran his hand through his hair as he began to pace restlessly . 
 there was far too much pent up energy inside of him , he did n't know what to do with it all . 
 the more he paced the more restless and caged he felt . 
 `` i suspect that somewhere along the way something did happen to at least one of them . '' 
 luther sat silently for a moment , unmoving on the edge of the desk . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` her eyes were red luther . '' 
 `` the lights maybe . '' 
 `` i know what i saw , '' devon growled . 
 `` something is not right ; she 's not like the others . '' 
 `` no , she 's not , but that does n't mean ... '' `` none of the others , '' he interrupted harshly . 
 `` i 've come across many hunter 's in my time , but none like her . 
 you need to find out what happened to the others that did n't possess any abilities . 
 i think the extra power that should have gone into developing an ability like chris , melissa , and dani 's has gone somewhere else . '' 
 luther gaped at him for a moment before sliding his glasses on . 
 his eyes were wide behind the lenses as he blinked rapidly at devon . 
 `` you think it 's manifested in a different way ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 luther dropped the book on the desk , leaning slightly forward as he pinched the bridge of his nose tightly in thought . 
 `` i think you may be right . '' 
 devon stopped pacing , turning sharply toward him . 
 shock coursed through him , he had wanted luther to believe him , but he now realized that he had fully expected to be turned away . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 luther nodded . 
 `` yes , the power inside of cassie is far stronger than the others . 
 it 's much stronger than even she realizes . 
 i 've feared for awhile that it may be too much for her to handle , though it never occurred to me that it might manifest in the way that you are suggesting . 
 but we ca n't be positive that your theory is correct either . 
 not until we find out about the others like her , and then we 'll go from there . '' 
 `` you want my help in this ? '' 
 devon asked , unable to keep the shock from his voice . 
 luther managed a wry grin . 
 `` well i doubt that you 're going anywhere until isla and julian have been taken care of . '' 
 `` no , '' devon answered firmly . 
 `` good . 
 she may not want to admit it right now , but cassie needs you , and hopefully by the time this is all settled she will come to her senses about that . '' 
 devon frowned , folding his arms over his chest as he studied the smaller man . 
 `` you do n't blame me for bringing julian and isla here ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 luther slid off the desk , pulling his glasses off to clean them again . 
 `` i do n't blame you ; the three of them would have come up against monsters such as these eventually . 
 the only difference is that they would be dead without you . 
 this was n't your fault , cassie will realize that soon . '' 
 though luther said the words , he did not sound convinced of them and neither was devon . 
 they both knew that she was stubborn , and right now she was also lost and angry and devastated . 
 `` until that happens , i have a feeling that you will need something to keep you busy . '' 
 luther gestured around the room . 
 `` we 'll start here ; i know a fair amount of these books , but certainly not all of them . 
 if the answers are n't here , then we 'll look elsewhere . 
 i do n't want the others to know about this though . 
 there 's no need to worry them when we 're not certain if there 's even anything to find . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 devon glanced at all of the books ; they would definitely keep him preoccupied . 
 even if they did n't keep his mind completely off of cassie , at least he would have a mission , something to do , something to accomplish . 
 he needed answers soon , he had a feeling that it would n't be long before they ran out of time and the answer slapped them all in the face . 
 hard . 
 chapter 23 chris sat stiffly in the chair , his head slightly bowed , his hands clasped firmly before him . 
 his knuckles were white , he was n't even sure he could open his fingers he had been holding them tight for so long . 
 but he was greatly afraid that if he unclasped them , he just might fall apart . 
 his head was killing , throbbing with the pulsating emotions pounding against him . 
 the worst of which was cassie and devon . 
 cassie remained immobile beside him ; her head held high , her chin tilted slightly up . 
 the large , dark sunglasses she had taken to wearing were firmly in place . 
 he would like to think that they were hiding her tears , but he knew better . 
 she had not cried yet . 
 not in front of them , and he was fairly certain not at all . 
 the solid wall of anger and hate she had erected around herself did not allow room for tears . 
 it did not allow room for anything else . 
 especially not grief . 
 he turned his head slightly toward her . 
 he wanted desperately to reach out to her , but knew that he would be rebuked again , just like he had been a hundred times over the past few days . 
 she did n't want comfort , she did n't want love . 
 she simply wanted revenge . 
 and she wanted not to feel , not to care anymore . 
 fortunately , at heart , cassie was a caring , giving person . 
 and that was part of what was destroying her now . 
 she did n't know how to deal with her anger , her hatred . 
 it was eating away at her , driving her deeper into her hole , making her hide from the world once more . 
 and it was destroying chris that he could do nothing to help her . 
 this was not the cassie who had hidden from the world before , trying to keep her heart safe from hurt and pain . 
 that cassie may have kept people at arm 's length , but she had never radiated this fury . 
 this hate . 
 chris could n't even tune out her emotions , he had tried , but the force of her rage broke through all of his barriers , beating against him . 
 beating him down . 
 chris shuddered . 
 he was losing his best friend , and there was nothing that he could do about it . 
 she did n't want his help , she did n't want anybody . 
 and it was killing him . 
 devon was n't helping him either . 
 he could feel devon , somewhere nearby , probably in the woods , watching . 
 chris could feel his sorrow , his pain , his heartbreak . 
 he was also impossible to block out . 
 between devon and cassie they were killing him , and there was nothing that he could do to stop it . 
 with everyone else he had always been able to keep their emotions , and inner personality blocked out if he did n't want to feel them . 
 but not these two . 
 not right now anyway . 
 he did n't know what he was going to do if something did n't change soon . 
 hell , he could n't even sleep at night anymore . 
 he shuddered again , his hands tightened to the point that it was painful . 
 his grief over the loss of lily was being weighted down by their emotions . 
 he had loved lily ; she had been like a grandmother to him . 
 she had raised him when his own mother had retreated into an alcohol induced stupor , unable to handle the life that had been handed to her . 
 unable to handle the truth of what her husband and son were . 
 unable to love her son anymore . 
 lily had been his surrogate parent ; she had fed him , sheltered him , and loved him . 
 a tear slid down his face as his own pain momentarily became more overwhelming then cassie and devon 's , allowing him a brief reprieve from them . 
 he lifted his head as the minister 's prayer ended . 
 his attention immediately focused upon the gleaming mahogany casket draped with wreaths of flowers . 
 it hovered above the hole , lily 's permanent resting place . 
 he shuddered again at the harsh reminder that lily would never again walk amongst them , loving them , caring for them . 
 a sob choked his throat ; he could hardly breathe through the constriction in his chest . 
 it was chilly for november , but he could not feel the cold through the emotions swamping him . 
 grief enshrouded the people surrounding him , some were openly crying , others stood silently , stoically . 
 even his mother had come , and though her breath reeked of booze and cigarettes , she appeared to be only hung over and not intoxicated . 
 not yet anyway . 
 she stood on the other side of the coffin , her head bowed , and her sandy blond hair spilling across her shoulders . 
 at one time she had been a beautiful woman , but years of hard living had aged her far too early . 
 seeming to feel his gaze , she lifted her head . 
 sapphire eyes , identical to his , momentarily met his . 
 though there was loss in her gaze , there was little else . 
 she had checked out of the hard reality of their lives years ago . 
 she was not capable of handling much anymore ; she sure as hell was n't capable of dealing with what her son was , or handling the loss of his life . 
 chris swallowed heavily , knowing that not only had cassie been completely orphaned by lily 's death , so had he . 
 he had not been close to his mother in years , and he had always known that he never would be again . 
 but now he truly realized that in his mother 's eyes , he was already dead . 
 to her , he was simply still breathing for a little longer ; still walking for a brief period of time , but it would not be much longer . 
 she had already dealt with the loss of her son , and was simply just waiting for it to come true . 
 chris tore his gaze away from her , unable to handle the look in her eyes . 
 unable to handle the fact that she already thought him dead when he was still very much alive , and intended to stay that way for a lot longer . 
 dani and melissa sniffled beside him ; cassie stiffened , her head turning slightly to look at them . 
 though her eyes were completely hidden , he could feel the full force of her gaze on him . 
 her jaw was clenched , her face hard . 
 god , he missed his cassie . 
 this girl sitting beside him was a stranger , someone that he did n't recognize . 
 this girl was so very hard , unyielding , unforgiving , and furious . 
 all things that cassie had never been . 
 it was as if the real cassie had been abducted by aliens , and this was the thing they had replaced her with . 
 he hated to think of her as a thing , but that was what she was now . 
 there was no trace of humanity in her anymore , no love . 
 his hands tightened even more as he fought desperately against the urge to reach out and comfort her . 
 if she would just let someone touch her , someone comfort her and hold her , he knew that she could come back . 
 but she would not allow such a thing . 
 she wanted nothing to do with any of them anymore and it shattered him to realize that she was just waiting to die . 
 that all she wanted was her revenge , and death . 
 he wanted to bring her back , but he desperately feared that it was too late . 
 desperately feared she had been lost to him forever . 
 hell , she did n't even want devon , the one person -lrb- well vampire -rrb- that had been able to bring her to life before . 
 if she had shut devon out , when chris knew exactly how much she loved and needed him , then what hope did he have of reaching her ? 
 he had thought that cassie and devon 's love could survive anything . 
 he hated being wrong . 
 though , he still held out hope that devon would finally be able to reach her . 
 the only problem was that she would not let him get close enough to do so . 
 cassie stood suddenly , drawing chris 's attention sharply back to her . 
 he was shocked to realize that the funeral was over . 
 cassie moved stiffly forward , dropping a single red rose on the coffin as it began to lower slowly into the ground . 
 he followed swiftly behind her , dropping another rose down as the first shovel of dirt was tossed on . 
 cassie flinched slightly at the sound of the dirt on the coffin . 
 for a brief moment he felt a flicker in her walls , sorrow rushed forth to clash against the hatred . 
 chris 's eyes widened , hope sprang forth . 
 he was reaching for her when he felt her walls slam back into place . 
 though he could not see her eyes , he felt her gaze raking him disdainfully . 
 his hand wavered in midair before falling limply back to his side . 
 cassie lifted her chin as she marched forward , her head held high , her hands fisted as she moved gracefully through the departing crowd . 
 though some people tried to approach her , she easily sidestepped them as she hurried toward the waiting limo . 
 most fell back , going to their own cars . 
 he did n't know if they would bother to come to the house or not . 
 cassie had been accepting of their condolences , but cool and distant . 
 it was obvious that they had been put off by her . 
 luther walked beside her , stopping briefly to speak with a woman before hurrying to catch up with cassie , apparently unwilling to let her out of his sight for a minute . 
 chris did n't blame him , none of them knew what she would do if they left her alone for long . 
 chris did n't put it past her to take off on her own in search of julian and isla . 
 no , they could n't leave her alone ; if they did it was very likely she would die . 
 mrs. manz approached them , picking her way carefully around the headstones . 
 cassie reached the limo , sliding inside as the driver opened the door for her . 
 `` christopher , melissa , danielle , '' mrs. manz greeted , nodding to each of them . 
 `` mrs. manz , '' chris said softly . 
 though many teachers , and the principal , had come to offer their support , none of the student body had arrived . 
 cassie had become the leper of the school , but chris had still expected at least a few of her old friends to come . 
 he had been wrong , and he hated them for it . 
 though his hate was nothing compared to the fire that raged inside of cassie . 
 `` how is cassandra doing ? '' 
 mrs. manz asked quietly , her gaze darting worriedly to the limo . 
 `` as well as can be expected , '' melissa answered softly , though it was not true . 
 `` what an awful tragedy , '' mrs. manz murmured ; tugging nervously at the sleeve of her black jacket . 
 `` will you let cassandra know that she does n't have to worry about her assignments until she returns ? '' 
 `` we will , '' melissa said softly . 
 mrs. manz reached out , squeezing chris and melissa 's arms gently . 
 apparently if she could n't console cassie , she was going to settle for consoling them . 
 `` take care . '' 
 they nodded as she hurried away , leaving them alone at the edge of the gravesite . 
 dark clouds had rolled in , the wind had picked up , and the air carried the scent of snow upon it . 
 it was suiting that a storm was rolling in as it seemed to fit the moods of the people gathered around him . 
 `` we should go , '' chris said softly . 
 `` yes , '' melissa agreed . 
 chris shuddered , huddling deeper into his coat , it was not the chill in the air that bothered him but the one in his soul . 
 the sound of more dirt hitting the coffin spurred him into movement . 
 he did n't want to be here anymore . 
 he needed to get away from here . 
 but he also did n't want to be near cassie at the moment . 
 he did n't think he could handle her anger any longer . 
 unfortunately , he did n't have a choice . 
 she was his best friend , and she needed him . 
 even if she did n't know it yet . 
 *** cassie stood stiffly in her living room , unwilling to sit down , unwilling to move . 
 though not everyone from the funeral had come here , there were still enough of them to make her edgy and unsettled . 
 most of the people were from her grandmother 's church . 
 though she knew that they were her grandmother 's friends , she wanted them out of her house ; she did n't want any more people in her life . 
 they milled slowly about , eating the food that they had brought , conversing amongst themselves . 
 they avoided her now , apparently having decided that she was beyond their reach , which she was . 
 melissa and dani were standing by the dining room table , talking with a few members of the church . 
 chris stood by the fireplace , casting her worried looks every few minutes . 
 looks that aggravated her more and more . 
 she simply did n't want his worry , his concern . 
 she understood it , but she did n't want it . 
 turning to the window , she stared out at the darkening night . 
 snow had begun to fall in spiraling flakes that floated lazily through the air . 
 though it had just started , it was already beginning to build on the lawns and trees . 
 trees that still had not completely shed their leaves as winter had come much sooner than expected . 
 lights swung into the driveway as luther pulled in . 
 he had left shortly after the funeral , citing that he had a few things to take care of . 
 he had been disappearing for brief periods of time since her grandmother 's death . 
 cassie did n't know what he was doing , and she did n't particularly care . 
 there was nothing that she did care about anymore . 
 she watched as he made his way swiftly up the driveway , blowing on his hands in an attempt to keep them warm . 
 she doubted that it worked . 
 `` cassie , maybe you should eat . '' 
 she glanced back at chris , shaking her head briefly . 
 she had no appetite anymore . 
 `` you need to eat , '' he pressed . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 he sighed softly before moving slowly away from her . 
 she did n't want to cause him anymore anguish , she knew that he was grieving for her grandmother too , but it was best for him if there was distance between them now . 
 it would hurt him less when she was gone . 
 her eyes scanned the dark night , though nothing moved she knew that devon was out there . 
 she knew that as well as she knew that the sun would rise tomorrow , the earth would turn , and she would still be dead inside . 
 cassie rested her palms against the cool glass , wishing for a moment that she could go to him . 
 that she could hold him . 
 she knew that she would n't feel so dead in his arms . 
 and she also knew that she could n't allow herself to do that . 
 he was the reason her grandmother was dead after all , to forgive him would be a betrayal of her grandmother 's memory . 
 to allow herself to love him again would only make what she had to do much harder . 
 her hand slid from the glass . 
 no , there was no room for forgiveness inside her anymore . 
 in fact , she was n't sure there was even room for her inside of her anymore . 
 not with the unending waves of anger that filled her constantly . 
 she almost welcomed the certainty of her death , almost welcomed the release that it would bring her . 
 she just hoped that by the time it happened chris and melissa would have distanced themselves from her . 
 she did n't want them to be this devastated , this hopeless and angry after she was gone . 
 though she wanted a release from this deadened existence , she wanted even more for them not to have to feel this way too . 
 `` cassie . '' 
 she turned slowly toward luther , ignoring the plate he held out . 
 sighing heavily , he lowered the plate . 
 `` cassie , your guests are leaving . '' 
 her gaze darted past him to the line of people standing by the door . 
 the only thing that got her moving was the thought that her grandmother would be disappointed in her if she was rude to them . 
 she clasped hands , exchanged hugs , and murmurs and was greatly relieved when the last person filtered out . 
 closing the door behind them , she leaned heavily against it . 
 `` melissa and i are going to stay again tonight , '' luther said softly . 
 she opened her eyes ; her vision was slightly blurry with exhaustion as she nodded . 
 `` if you feel you must . '' 
 `` we do n't want you to be alone , '' melissa said softly . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 dani still lives here . '' 
 dani shifted nervously , obviously unsure how to handle the situation . 
 `` do you want me to leave ? '' 
 she blurted out . 
 cassie shook her head , stepping away from the door . 
 there may be little left of her , but she was n't going to throw the girl out on the street . 
 `` no , you can stay for as long as you need to . '' 
 dani glanced worriedly at the other three , not knowing how to take cassie 's answer . 
 it had not been inviting , but she had not been booted to the curb either . 
 `` i think it 's best if we stay , '' luther said firmly . 
 they were n't worried about her being alone ; they were worried about what she would do . 
 she knew they watched her , knew that devon was camped outside , but they could not watch her all the time . 
 they would have to go home at some point , and eventually devon would have to feed . 
 and now that the funeral was over , cassie had much more time on her hands to think about how she would get away . 
 how she would carry out her revenge . 
 `` i 'm going to sleep . '' 
 though she uttered the words , she knew they were n't true . 
 she had n't slept in three days ; she did n't expect to sleep tonight . 
 she moved away from the door , ignoring them all as she wearily climbed the stairs . 
 she had become a bitch , a miserable cold bitch ; she knew that , she just could n't bring herself to care . 
 but then , she did n't care about much anymore . 
 all of her caring , her love , her life had all been burnt away by the rage that now festered within her . 
 there was nothing left inside her . 
 it was best if she stayed alone , best if she kept every one away from her . 
 it was better if they did n't know how little there was left to her . 
 better they did n't know that all that was left of her were smoldering ashes of the person she had once been . 
 a person she would never be again . 
