 chapter 1 `` this is the center of town ? '' 
 melissa inquired softly , surprise and disbelief evident in her voice . 
 devon stared out at the small buildings as they drove slowly past . 
 there was a tiny post office with two mailboxes out front , a barber shop , tailor , feed store , dry cleaner , a bank , and a rather large general store he suspected passed as their grocery store too . 
 he turned down a side road , passing by a catholic church , a synagogue , and a lutheran church . 
 the road came to an end , splitting back toward the woods and back roads , or back toward the center of town . 
 though a few cars lined the roadsides , they were all in parking spaces . 
 they had not been abandoned but placed there by their owners . 
 even the homes they drove by still had cars waiting expectantly in their driveway , just hoping that their owners would come out and take them for one final spin . 
 devon knew that was not going to happen . 
 `` go back , '' chris said softly . 
 devon turned back toward town , trying to get a sense of the place , trying to figure out if there were still people living amongst the small array of buildings . 
 `` do you sense anything ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 chris 's hand tightened on the back of devon 's seat as he leaned forward . 
 `` no , '' he whispered . 
 `` nothing . 
 but a lot of people may not live close to town . 
 just because there appears to be no one left in these homes does n't mean there still are n't people somewhere else . '' 
 `` go further down that way , '' luther instructed , pointing ahead of devon . 
 he kept to the left , heading down a small road that was lined with woods , but dotted with antique stores , a couple of bookstores , another dark gas station , and one log cabin that sold honey . 
 `` there 's a school about a mile down , but i do n't think that will do us any good , '' luther said softly , watching the gps . 
 `` we 're going to need to find a place to stay soon . '' 
 devon made another left , heading back toward the main strip . 
 `` we can return to the hotel , i do n't think they would go back there after exhausting their prey , but i do n't know for sure . 
 daylight will offer us no protection either , some halflings can go out during the day , they are still part human after all . '' 
 melissa shuddered , shaking her head forcefully as she wrapped her arms around herself . 
 `` absolutely not , i am not going back to that hotel . 
 that room was awful , just awful . '' 
 `` maybe we can find a house to hole up in , '' liam said softly . 
 `` you mean one of the homes where the people have either disappeared , or are splattered all over the walls ? '' 
 melissa demanded . 
 terror constricted her voice as it took on a note of raw panic . 
 `` we have to stay somewhere , '' liam responded reasonably . 
 `` and we all have to eat eventually . '' 
 melissa turned away , her dark eyes scanning the night as she bit hard on her bottom lip . 
 it was more than apparent that she did n't want to stay in this town , but there was no way that devon was leaving it . 
 though he had no proof that cassie was here , it was the closest they had come to finding anything since she had disappeared . 
 he knew that none of them wanted to be in this godforsaken town , but they would not leave it until he knew what was going on . 
 devon drove back through the main street , trying hard to get a sense of what was going on , but still finding nothing . 
 `` did halflings kill all of these people ? '' 
 chris asked softly . 
 devon shook his head as he gripped the wheel tighter . 
 `` no , they could n't have . 
 there would have to be at least a hundred of them to kill all of these people before their neighbors noticed . 
 i do n't know what is going on here , but no one would be crazy enough to allow that many halflings to roam the earth , '' devon said softly . 
 though he said the words , he was n't completely convinced of them as they made their way slowly down the deserted road . 
 this place was far too strange and quiet to rule out any possibility , even one he did n't want to think about . 
 `` do you think something else happened to them ? '' 
 melissa inquired worriedly . 
 `` there 's no way to know that right now , '' annabelle answered . 
 they all grew silent for a moment . 
 `` well if i start trying to eat your brains , you have my permission to cut my head off , '' chris said softly . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 liam asked in surprise . 
 `` you know the zombie movies where no one ever knows how , but all the people start to go crazy and try to eat everyone else 's brains , '' chris explained patiently . 
 liam stared back at him for a moment , his nearly silver eyes questioning and thoughtful . 
 he finally shook his head , his shaggy brown hair falling in disarray around his handsome face . 
 `` that is why i do n't watch tv . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 chris snorted in disbelief , looking as if he believed the zombie story more than liam 's statement . 
 `` really , '' liam stated . 
 `` i prefer to read . 
 remember , i was born in a time before electronics . '' 
 `` yeah , but things have greatly improved since then . 
 you need to join the age of technology . 
 i mean , you drive this big caddy with a gps and every new technological device in it , but you do n't watch tv ? '' 
 liam shrugged again ; chris glanced toward annabelle who lifted her dainty shoulders in response . 
 her normally lively sea green eyes were dull and flat , exhaustion and stress had taken their toll on her . 
 `` i like the caddy and technology , '' she told chris . 
 `` liam still prefers horseback . '' 
 chris chuckled softly as he slapped liam on the back . 
 `` oh man , i have so many great things to show you ! 
 once this mess is over i 'm gon na introduce you to the wonderful world of the twenty first century ! '' 
 `` yes , and until then , can we leave the tv talk till later , '' devon growled . 
 everyone within the vehicle grew quiet as he drove down another road , discovering the small firehouse and police station . 
 a half a mile away from them was an ice cream stand , boarded up for the winter , and a tiny movie theatre that had no showings listed . 
 though they passed a few more houses , devon still could not pick up any hint of human life . 
 `` go back to town devon . 
 the general store will probably be the best place for us to hole up for a bit . 
 it should have supplies , and maybe even some weapons , '' luther said softly . 
 melissa shook her head forcefully , her dark hair spilled around her as she hugged her knees tight to her chest . 
 chris rested a hand lightly on her arm , seeking to comfort her . 
 though she had not seen the inside of the manager 's office with his broken , bloodied body , the vision she had received of it had shaken her greatly . 
 `` ca n't we just stay in the car ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` melissa , we need a place where we can relax , move about , eat , go to the bathroom , maybe even sleep , '' annabelle said softly . 
 `` and we ca n't keep the car running all day , we do n't know if we can get gas out of the stations . '' 
 `` we can siphon it out of other cars . '' 
 annabelle sighed softly as she leaned forward to grasp hold of melissa 's arm . 
 `` we 'll stay in the car for a little longer , '' she conceded . 
 `` but we ca n't stay forever , and we do need to stay in this town for at least another day . 
 there may be survivors out there that need our help , and we have to know what is going on here . '' 
 melissa hesitated for a moment , biting hard on her bottom lip before nodding slowly . 
 her shoulders stiffened as resolve settled over her pretty features . 
 `` ok . '' 
 devon wound his way back through town . 
 `` i 'm not so sure i want to know what is going on here , '' chris mumbled . 
 devon silently agreed , but he was n't leaving this town until he knew for sure that cassie was not here . 
 that she was not somehow caught up in the oddity that was this town . 
 chris bolted suddenly upright , his hand slammed down on the back of devon 's seat . 
 `` stop the car ! 
 stop the car ! '' 
 `` what the hell ! '' 
 melissa cried . 
 `` is it cassie ? '' 
 devon demanded , jolting everyone forward as he slammed on the brakes . 
 chris was sitting eagerly forward , his normally bright eyes dark as they scanned the night . 
 `` no , '' chris said softly , his voice tinged with an odd sense of disbelief . 
 devon 's hope plummeted ; he gripped the wheel tight as he fought the urge to rip it free of the car . 
 `` it 's julian . '' 
 devon turned to him in shock , his mouth dropped as chris 's words sank in . 
 `` what !? '' 
 annabelle gasped in disbelief . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 chris 's forehead furrowed in confusion , he frowned in perplexity as he shook his head slightly . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's him , but it 's different . 
 he feels different . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 devon growled , unable to believe that julian was actually here . 
 it made no sense , what could he possibly be doing here ? 
 what the hell could he be doing in this strange town ? 
 though devon did n't trust him , he knew that julian would not have created the monsters that were running loose here . 
 julian knew better than to do that , he knew what kind of havoc and death such creatures could render . 
 and though julian loved mayhem and murder more than most , even he would not want to take the risk of having the vampire population exposed to the outer world . 
 vampires liked to keep their secrets , and they liked to keep their identities safe from terrified humans that would only want to destroy their race . 
 chris shook his head again ; he rubbed the bridge of his nose as he tried to sort through the emotions he was feeling . 
 the emotions that julian was emitting . 
 `` i do n't know devon . 
 it is julian , i 'm certain of that , but he 's not the same . 
 he 's not as angry or something , he 's not as ... he 's not as ... '' chris broke off , at a loss for words as he stared helplessly at devon . 
 `` he 's not as filled with hatred . '' 
 devon frowned over chris 's odd statement ; his confusion was mounting by the second . 
 what was going on here ? 
 `` how far is he from here ? '' 
 chris stared out at the dark road , and then pointed ahead of him . 
 `` ahead of us somewhere . 
 not far . 
 i do n't think . '' 
 `` you do n't think ? '' 
 devon grated . 
 `` devon , just drive slowly , '' annabelle said gently , soothingly . 
 `` we 'll find him . '' 
 excitement pulsed through devon ; it thrummed through his skin and electrified his body . 
 his knuckles were white upon the steering wheel as he began to move slowly forward once more . 
 hope filled him , anticipation consumed him . 
 they had been looking for cassie , and had somehow managed to stumble upon the one person that could truly help them find her . 
 he did n't linger on thoughts of what julian could possibly be doing here , he only thought about finding him . 
 and in turn , finding cassie . 
 `` dani , '' chris whispered . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 melissa demanded , anger filled her onyx eyes as she whipped around to face chris . 
 `` dani is with him , '' chris said softly . 
 fury exploded through devon , the world turned into a fiery haze of red . 
 dani and julian were together ! 
 had julian helped dani , and the commission , take cassie from him ? 
 if he had , devon was going to rip julian limb from limb . 
 beside him , luther leaned away , his eyes wide as he studied devon in horror . 
 chris seized hold of his shoulder , his hand clenching tight . 
 `` you have to calm down devon ; i ca n't feel them over your anger . 
 i ca n't feel them over your emotions , '' he said in a choked voice . 
 devon tried to calm himself but the fiery rage was building inside him , shaking him to the very core of his being . 
 he needed to compose himself ; he had to get a hold of his emotions . 
 they had to find julian . 
 it may be the only chance that they had of finding cassie , and he could not risk losing it . 
 if dani was near , than cassie had to be also . 
 it was dani that had caused this , dani was the one that had helped to take cassie from him . 
 he shuddered as he tried to keep himself from completely unraveling , but he had never suspected that julian may well be in on all of this too . 
 that julian may have helped dani . 
 that he may have aided in taking cassie away from him , that julian may have hurt her . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 the shout , issued from melissa , caused him to slam the brakes on again . 
 he jerked against the steering wheel as luther slammed off the dash . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 liam demanded , shoving himself off the back of the passenger seat . 
 `` look ! '' 
 melissa leaned eagerly forward , thrusting a finger at the woods . 
 `` there ! 
 i know i saw something . 
 there ! '' 
 devon strained to see through the woods on his left , and then he saw it . 
 the headlights highlighted a flash of red eyes as one of the halflings darted into some thick underbrush . 
 he watched as it scurried out of sight once more . 
 it was coming at the car in a zigzagging pattern that helped to keep it hidden behind the trees . 
 `` it 's coming for us , '' annabelle said softly , a small hitch in her voice . 
 `` yes , '' devon agreed in a low growl , his hands twisted on the wheel as he fought the urge to go after the halfling . 
 he was spoiling for a fight , spoiling to get rid of some of the rage and confusion boiling through him . 
 but there was no time for it right now . 
 not when they were this close to finally getting some answers . 
 he reached down to shift back into drive when a flurry of motion about a hundred feet up , and to the right , caught his attention . 
 he turned toward it as three figures burst out of the woods . 
 they stumbled up an embankment before staggering onto the road . 
 devon 's mouth dropped , his chest constricted painfully as they turned toward the vehicle . 
 the lights played over them , highlighting their figures against the dark night . 
 cassie 's golden hair shimmered in the bright glow ; it glimmered as brightly and beautifully as the sun . 
 it was the balm that he had needed , the wonder he had been searching for , the sight of her instantly calmed the furious monster raging inside of him . 
 it brought back to him the warmth and joy that he had been missing for the past couple of weeks . 
 though she was dirty , and bedraggled , her delicate features were the most amazingly wonderful thing he had ever seen . 
 the scrubs she wore were torn , bloodied , and wet from the snow covered branches of the forest . 
 her bare feet were bloodied and raw looking . 
 she stared at them for a moment longer , her red eyes bright in the pallor of her face . 
 it was those red eyes that terrified him most , that left him stunned and horrified . 
 had he lost her ? 
 was she gone ? 
 was she one of the things that had devastated this town ? 
 and just what was she doing with julian and dani ? 
 her mouth parted in surprise , her eyes widened in horror as she stared at the vehicle for a long moment . 
 julian was the first to react as he began to pull her rapidly toward the other side of the road . 
 devon 's eyes latched onto their hands , tightly entwined as cassie scurried after julian , dani close behind . 
 it was the sight of those hands that drove him into action . 
 he would not lose her like this , he would not lose her to julian , and he sure as hell was not going to let her disappear again . 
 he could n't survive if he lost her again . 
 throwing the door of the suv open he plunged into the cold . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 he bellowed as they slipped down the hillside of the road and back into the woods . 
 cassie froze instantly , stumbling slightly as julian briefly pulled her onward . 
 her head whipped toward him , her hair billowed around her as the wind caught hold of it . 
 her eyes met his , widening even more as tears bloomed instantly within the bright ruby depths . 
 even from their distance , and above the howl of the wind , he heard her gasp his name . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 she tugged her hand free of julian 's . 
 using her hands , she pulled herself back up the embankment , scrambling through the shifting rocks that skittered under her feet . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 he remained frozen as she reached the road , still too stunned by her sudden arrival , and her reaction to him , to move . 
 her reddened eyes suggested that she was something different , someone else , but her reaction to him was what he would have expected from his cassie . 
 the one that had loved him wholeheartedly , the one that never would have been holding hands with julian . 
 her voice rang with pure joy , her face lit with the radiance of love as she reached the road . 
 he did n't know what was going on , and at that moment , he did n't care . 
 releasing the car door , he raced toward her , needing to hold her , needing to feel her , and touch her once more . 
 `` cassie look out ! '' 
 it was julian 's shout that alerted him to the danger he had forgotten about in his shock at seeing her , in his rush to hold her . 
 the blur moved swiftly from the woods , emerging just feet from her as it raced across the road toward her . 
 it was hunched over , using its hands and feet like an ape as it bolted across the asphalt . 
 cassie 's eyes widened , her mouth dropped as it barreled toward her . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 devon shouted , terror tearing through him . 
 the thing was closer to her than he was , closer than julian , who had raced out of the woods after her . 
 devon was amazed , and startled , by the strange certainty that julian would protect her from that thing , that julian would not hurt her . 
 cassie darted to the side as the thing launched at her , its clawed hands outstretched with deadly intent . 
 twisting slightly , she seized the creature by the collar of the tattered shirt it still wore , though the thing was clearly nothing even closely resembling human anymore . 
 she moved swiftly , spinning to the side as she flung it away from her . 
 devon blinked in surprise , startled by the strength and speed she displayed . 
 but his surprise did n't slow him down as the creature rebounded to its feet . 
 it screamed in fury and hunger as it raced back at her , causing cassie 's eyes to widen slightly in fear . 
 she was braced for the attack , ready to face it head on , but devon raced past her , seizing hold of the creature before it got to her . 
 his hand tightened around its throat as he slammed it onto the roadway , smashing its head off the asphalt . 
 it howled loudly , squirming beneath devon 's tight hold , its fingers clawing at his hand as devon squeezed down . 
 disgust curved his upper lip as he crushed the creature 's windpipe with a sickening pop . 
 the squeals and grunts were silenced , but the monster continued to claw and squirm beneath him . 
 he glanced up at cassie , horrified to find her watching as he slowly decapitated the pathetic thing . 
 julian arrived at her side , his eyes narrowed as they met devon 's . 
 he grasped hold of cassie 's shoulders , spinning her swiftly away . 
 `` julian do n't ! '' 
 she protested instantly , trying to wiggle her way out of his grasp . 
 julian held her firm though , refusing to let her turn back around , a fact that devon was infinitely grateful for . 
 she did n't need to see this . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 julian 's gaze remained focused on devon , insolent and cold as he continued to hold her . 
 fresh rage tore through devon as he took note of julian 's hands resting so comfortably , possessively , upon her . 
 with a growl of fury , he twisted the creature 's head to the side , yanking it sharply back . 
 its head gave way with a sickening crunch and horrendous tearing sound . 
 devon tossed the head aside as he leapt to his feet , no longer caring about the halfling , only caring about cassie . 
 julian stared defiantly back at him for a moment , his chin tilted proudly , a sneer curving his upper lip . 
 fury flared through devon as he took a step toward them , prepared to kill julian if it came down to it . 
 julian glanced at cassie , his eyes warming slightly as he squeezed her shoulder gently , his hand lingered briefly upon her shoulder before falling reluctantly away . 
 devon hesitated for a moment unsure what was going on between them , what had happened to them both , and why they were together . 
 unsure how to take this strange turn of events . 
 then , cassie turned slowly toward him . 
 she stared silently up at him , her eyes wide and searching , as tears simmered in her ruby colored eyes . 
 her lower lip trembled slightly as she reached shakily toward him , seemingly afraid that he might disappear . 
 he knew exactly how she felt ; this was far too dreamlike and wonderful to be real . 
 far too unexpected after the weeks of uncertainty and terror . 
 he was afraid that if he did touch her , she would disappear and all of this would prove to be some sort of torturous dream . 
 he did n't think he could take that if it happened . 
 yet , he could n't stop himself ; he needed to touch her , needed to feel her again . 
 he had to know if this was real . 
 had to know if she was real . 
 unable to take one more second of their separation , he seized hold of her shaking fingers . 
 relief and awe pooled through him , the tight knot in his chest eased as his hand clenched upon hers , savoring in the silken , solid feel of her skin . 
 her fingers clenched tight upon him , her nails dug into his skin , but he did n't care . 
 he did n't care about anything now that he had found her again , now that he was touching her again . 
 a small sob escaped her as he pulled her forward a step . 
 `` cassie , '' he breathed reverently . 
 wrapping his arms around her , he pulled her against him , wonder filling him as his hand tightened in her tangled hair . 
 she felt so wonderful , so warm , and alive , and solid . 
 and in his arms again , where she belonged , where she would always belong . 
 he fought back the tears of relief that threatened to fall . 
 more tears escaped her ; she clung tighter to him , her small fingers digging into his back . 
 she was the most magnificent thing he had ever felt , the most wonderful thing he had ever hoped to feel . 
 closing his eyes , he pulled her tighter against him , burying his face in her silky hair . 
 `` cassie , '' he groaned , clinging tighter to her as her sobs increased and she tried even harder to get closer to him . 
 `` i was beginning to fear i would never see you again ! '' 
 she moaned , her slender frame shaking with the force of her tears . 
 `` i was afraid i 'd lost you ! '' 
 he pulled slightly back from her , wanting only to look at her again , but the moment he saw her cherished face he knew he could n't stop himself . 
 he cupped her face tightly , gently wiping the tears from her cheeks as he bent his head to hers . 
 she gasped slightly , and then a small moan of pleasure escaped her as he seized hold of her mouth , taking fierce possession of it . 
 her arms wrapped around his neck , her fingers entangled in his hair as she held him tight . 
 he had never forgotten how wonderful and right she felt , but the memories of their last touch paled in comparison to actually holding her again . 
 she eagerly met his kiss , her tongue entwining with his , her body melding to his . 
 he lifted her up , crushing her against him as he cradled the back of her head gently , savoring in everything about her . 
 he wanted more of her , needed more of her . 
 he had nearly lost her ; he had been without her for so long that he was on the brink of losing complete control now that he had her again . 
 he was closer to completely snapping and changing her than he ever had been before . 
 if he changed her , he would never have to lose her again ; never have to part from her again . 
 he would be able to find her anywhere , and she would be immortal , safe from death , and far stronger than she was now . 
 he pulled away from her , his head dropping into the hollow of her neck as he struggled to keep his wildly swaying emotions , and body , under control . 
 he did n't care that they were standing in a road , in the middle of nowhere . 
 he did n't care that at his back was the man who had once been his best friend , but was now his greatest enemy . 
 he did n't even care that there was an unknown amount of monsters in the woods around them . 
 all he cared about was holding her , touching her , possessing her . 
 all he cared about was having her with him again . 
 all he wanted was to taste her again , to savor in her blood to join with her , and to feel her in every possible way . 
 her hands cradled his face gently as she pulled slowly away from him . 
 her fingers stroked over his cheeks as she gently kissed him once more , her soft lips lingering on his as she tried to ease the tension within him . 
 she had always known him so well , always known when the beast inside was on the verge of taking control , always known how to soothe him and comfort him , and she did so now . 
 `` i love you , '' she whispered , her mouth brushing lightly against his . 
 `` so very much . '' 
 he kissed her again , cradling her neck softly as he struggled to control the monster inside of him . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 his body pulsed with excitement as she opened her eyes to his . 
 they were the spectacular violet blue color that he remembered and loved so dearly . 
 `` your eyes are n't red anymore , '' he whispered , surprised and baffled by the sudden change . 
 she grinned up at him as he wiped a few streaks of blood from her delicate cheeks . 
 even dirty and bedraggled she was the most exquisite thing he had ever seen . 
 `` neither are yours . '' 
 devon blinked in surprise . 
 it had been almost two weeks since his eyes had been normal . 
 two long weeks since he 'd had enough control over himself to keep the demon inside him securely locked away . 
 it had been weeks since he had not seen the bright red eyes of a monster staring back at him whenever he caught a glimpse of his reflection . 
 her presence alone made him more of a man , and less of a monster . 
 she made the man in him stronger , and more stable , than the demon that constantly lurked beneath his surface always wanting to break free . 
 he wondered if his presence helped to do the same thing for her . 
 but why would her eyes be red when she was still in complete control of herself ? 
 why would her eyes be red if her body was n't trying to turn into something else ? 
 what had been done to her ? 
 where had she been ? 
 he wondered fearfully as he continued to stroke her face , savoring in the delicious feel of her . 
 it had been far too long since he had been able to touch her , hold her ; smell her . 
 he just hoped that she had not been gone from him for too long , that she had not been changed beyond repair ; that she was the same cassie he had lost . 
 though , he knew that he could not expect her to be the same . 
 he did n't know what had been done to her , but from the looks of her now , she had been through hell and back . 
 he inhaled deeply , anger spiking through him as he caught the scent of her blood . 
 it was not the same sweet scent that he remembered . 
 there was something different about it . 
 something tangy and wrong . 
 and beneath it all , he could smell julian . 
 he tried to control his emotions , tried to keep them hidden from her , but jealousy and rage were beginning to fill him once more . 
 what the hell had they done to her in there ? 
 what had they given her to cause her blood to smell so off , and her eyes to change without her losing control of herself ? 
 why did he smell julian on her ? 
 was it because they had been together , or had something more been done ? 
 he glanced at julian , his eyes narrowing slightly as he studied him . 
 julian remained impassive ; his face a mask of indifference , but devon could sense the underlying tension and pain running through him . 
 julian was trying to be stoic , but it was obvious that whatever had happened with them , julian had also been changed by it . 
 cassie 's fingers stroked lightly over his cheeks , drawing his attention back to her . 
 she smiled at him so beautifully that he forgot all about the strange scent clinging to her , and his worry over julian . 
 all he could think about now was her , and how wonderful it was to have her again , to hold her again . 
 all he could do was hope that he could ease whatever torment she had been through , and that she could forgive him for losing her in the first place . 
 `` we should probably get off the street , '' she said softly . 
 he could n't help but grin at her as he pulled her close , kissing her nose gently . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he wrapped his arms around her before stooping to pick her swiftly up . 
 she did n't make a sound as she entwined her arms around his neck , snuggling closer . 
 her breath was warm against his skin , her body fit perfectly against his as she buried her face against him . 
 devon turned back to the group standing outside the suv , watching silently . 
 melissa was crying softly , luther 's arm was wrapped tightly around her . 
 liam and annabelle were standing with their arms around each other . 
 chris had moved slightly forward , his mouth parted in surprise , a questioning look was on his face . 
 devon studied chris for a moment , not liking the confusion that filled his face . 
 it brought his doubts and fears about cassie sharply back to the forefront . 
 cassie lifted her head from his shoulder , blinking tiredly . 
 he could feel the utter exhaustion that radiated from her . 
 `` you are coming with us , '' she said softly , her gaze not focused upon him , but on julian . 
 devon tensed , his hands tightened upon her . 
 `` cassie , '' he hissed . 
 she looked up at him , her eyes dark and worried . 
 `` he 's coming with us devon , '' she said forcefully . 
 `` he is my friend and i will not leave him here . '' 
 devon could n't stop the fierce bolt of jealousy and confusion that ripped through him . 
 what the hell were they doing together , and just what the hell had happened between them , and to them , for her to want julian to stay with her ? 
 `` i 'm coming , '' julian replied firmly . 
 devon glanced sharply at him , his nostrils flared as fury boiled through him . 
 cassie may think that they were `` friends '' but it was more than apparent from the look in julian 's eyes that he thought more , or at least wanted more . 
 devon shifted her slightly , wanting to get her away from the want and need in julian 's eyes . 
 then julian looked up at him , and though he sensed envy in him , devon did n't sense any malice . 
 not like there used to be . 
 `` and her ? '' 
 devon growled , nodding at dani . 
 cassie moved to look around him , her body stiffened in anger and distrust . 
 julian turned toward dani , his eyes narrowed as animosity blazed forth . 
 `` she 's coming too , we need answers , '' julian snarled bitterly . 
 dani looked worriedly at all of them , fear evident in her gold streaked hazel eyes . 
 then she looked toward the woods and took a step closer to julian . 
 `` i 'm coming with you , '' she said softly . 
 `` you did n't have a choice , '' julian assured her , his voice as cold as ice . 
 `` be nice , '' cassie said softly . 
 `` she did get us out of there . '' 
 `` she also helped to put us in there . '' 
 cassie bit on her bottom lip as she nodded slowly . 
 `` can we go please ? '' 
 `` anything you desire , '' devon assured her , striding past the two of them . 
 he just wanted to get her the hell out of there , and somewhere safe . 
 he wanted answers , and he never wanted to let her out of his arms again . 
 he strode swiftly toward the rest of the group , not bothering to look back at julian and dani . 
 chapter 2 cassie clung tight to devon , refusing to release him as she sat cradled within his lap . 
 she was exhausted but she was afraid to go to sleep . 
 she was petrified that this would all turn out to be a dream , and that she would awaken in that cramped cell again . 
 she shifted on devon 's lap , her hand curled tighter into his shirt as she pressed against him , trying to assure herself that this was real , that he was real . 
 his chest was solid beneath her hand , slightly cooler under his shirt . 
 his hard muscles rippled against her as he shifted , his hand entangled in her hair , holding her close . 
 but she still could not bring herself to believe that it was real . 
 she glanced up at the hard contour of his jaw , noting the dark bristles that lined it . 
 he had always been clean shaven , but it was obvious that he was wearing a few days worth of growth now . 
 he was just as magnificent as she remembered though . 
 just as hard and handsome and wonderful . 
 he was her entire world , her everything . 
 his presence filled the hole that had been ever present since she had been ripped away from him and placed in that horrendous cell . 
 he made her complete . 
 he was everything good and right and just in her . 
 he looked down at her , his beautiful emerald eyes warming with love as he shifted her slightly , pulling her tighter against him to drop a gentle kiss on top of her forehead . 
 cassie cuddled up closer to him , meeting his lips for a brief , sweet kiss that she wished was so much more . 
 she wanted out of this cramped vehicle , and she desperately wanted some time alone with him . 
 not that she was n't grateful to see her friends also , because she was , especially chris and annabelle , as she 'd feared that they were dead . 
 feared that dani had done something awful to them , but they were here before her , alive and healthy . 
 tears filled her eyes as she stared at the back of chris 's blond head . 
 he had always been her best friend , her rock , her anchor in the world , but it was devon that she needed now , and in a way that she never had before . 
 she had been kidnapped , tortured , brutalized and changed in ways she did n't even know . 
 she needed his goodness and caring and unconditional love more than anything right now . 
 she trailed a finger under his jaw , relishing in the very real feel of his coarse hair against her skin . 
 loving the way his black hair fell across his magnificent face , loving the way it outlined the gorgeous contours of his refined features . 
 reluctantly she turned her attention away from him as the suv made a right hand turn onto a strangely deserted street . 
 her eyebrows drew together as she frowned in confusion . 
 though it was still dark out , the sun would be coming up soon . 
 there should be at least a few people moving around . 
 some lights should be on in the windows as people brewed their morning coffee , showered , and dressed for work . 
 her frown deepened as she sat slowly up . 
 devon 's hands tightened briefly on her but when she made no move to pull away he relaxed . 
 `` what is going on around here ? '' 
 she asked quietly as they drove down another deserted street . 
 `` we do n't know , '' chris answered , his sapphire gaze worried and questioning as he turned toward her . 
 cassie frowned at him . 
 he had been staring at her strangely ever since she had gotten into the vehicle . 
 he had hugged her , had even shed a few tears , but he had not stopped looking at her as if he did n't understand her , or even know who she was . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` the general store , '' melissa answered a small quiver in her voice . 
 cassie frowned as she bit hard on her bottom lip . 
 `` we 're staying here ? 
 we 're staying in this town ? '' 
 she demanded , unable to keep the tremble of panic from her voice . 
 `` it will be ok , '' devon said gently , rubbing her arms as he tried to soothe her . 
 she turned back to him , her heart hammering in fear . 
 `` no , those people are here ! 
 those people and those things are in this town ! 
 we ca n't stay here ! 
 they 'll take us back there if they find us ! 
 we ca n't go back in there ! '' 
 she was nearly shrieking by the time she was done , and shaking so fiercely that her teeth were chattering together . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` no ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 clawing terror seized hold of her . 
 a sense of impending doom settled over her , her chest constricted so tightly that she could hardly breathe . 
 she was gasping , choking , as she tried to get air into her tortured lungs . 
 devon kept hold of her as she tried to get away ; she needed to be free of the vehicle and the pressing weight on her chest . 
 julian leaned over him , grasping hold of her chin and pulling her head forcefully toward him . 
 `` enough princess ! '' 
 he snapped as devon released a ferocious growl that caused the hair on the back of her neck to stand on end . 
 `` get your hand off of her ! '' 
 devon spat . 
 julian chose to ignore him as he continued to hold onto her . 
 `` we are not going back there . 
 i promise you that much , we are never going back in there . 
 they will never touch you again . 
 you need to keep yourself under control because we have got to learn what is going on here . 
 we need to know what they were trying to do to us down there , and what they have done to this town . '' 
 cassie bit her lip hard , fighting back the wave of tears that filled her eyes . 
 `` or what they did do to us , '' she whispered , thinking of her red eyes and the strange control she 'd had over herself earlier . 
 thinking of the shots they had injected her with that had turned her veins a different color as it seeped through her blood stream . 
 `` yes . '' 
 cassie sat silently for a moment , trying to breathe through the pressure that lingered in her chest . 
 julian 's full mouth twisted into a small smile . 
 `` you survived down there , you will survive this . '' 
 cassie nodded , a single tear slid down her face as she set her shoulders in resolve . 
 `` you 're right , '' she whispered . 
 `` we need to know . 
 and do n't call me princess ! '' 
 he grinned at her , squeezing her chin briefly before retreating to the far back of the vehicle . 
 everyone stared at her in stunned silence , and then their gazes darted briefly toward julian . 
 she could sense their confusion and uncertainty , sense the questions rolling through them , but no one said a word . 
 she turned slowly toward devon , hating the stunned , wounded look in his eyes . 
 she squeezed his hand tightly , looking to reassure him and ease his fears , but she was n't sure she succeeded . 
 devon was her heart , but he was going to have to accept the fact that julian had become her friend , and her savior , in a time when she had desperately needed both . 
 he would have to accept the fact that she and julian had forged a strong bond while they had been held captive , and that julian owned a piece of her heart now . 
 a piece that still confused her , and one that she did n't understand . 
 julian was more than her friend , she cared for him deeply . 
 their bond had become so strong that she thought of julian as good of a friend as chris and melissa , and she needed him in her life as much as she needed them . 
 though , she did n't want devon to know right now about the fact that julian had kissed her . 
 he would destroy julian if he learned that , and she could not allow that to happen . 
 especially since it had been her fault for allowing the kiss to happen . 
 at the time she had been confused about her feelings toward julian . 
 she knew that devon possessed her heart and soul , but julian had become a big part of her life , and she loved him . 
 but she could never love him like she loved devon , and although she had doubted that , julian never had . 
 he had simply needed to kiss her , simply wanted the moment for himself . 
 she thought back to julian 's words after he had kissed her . 
 `` i know princess , i know . 
 i just needed this . '' 
 at the time she had n't known what he meant by that . 
 had not understood what he had known , but she understood now . 
 though she had been lost and confused , julian had known that she would always choose devon over him . 
 julian had understood that though she did love him , it was always devon that she belonged with , and to . 
 and although it had happened once , both she and julian knew that it would never happen again . 
 tears clogged her throat , she clung tighter to devon . 
 it was not a secret that she would always keep from him , and one day she would tell him , but she could n't do so now . 
 now she needed devon to trust julian as much as she did . 
 she could n't lose julian now , she had grown to trust him and love him , and she needed him to help get her through all of this . 
 she would always need him she realized . 
 she had never kept anything from devon , but this was a secret she would have to keep for a little while . 
 at least until devon realized that julian was different . 
 that julian was no longer their enemy , nor was he the same murderous monster that had once been devon 's best friend , and had once helped devon slaughter numerous innocents . 
 no , this julian was evolving , becoming someone different , becoming someone good , and trustworthy . 
 he was learning to care for someone other than himself ; he was becoming more human again and less of a monster . 
 he had become someone that she loved and who loved her in return . 
 he would do anything to keep her safe , and she would also do the same for him . 
 even if the person she had to keep him safe from was devon . 
 cassie squeezed devon 's hand again , seeking reassurance as she leaned her head against his chest to savor in the scent of him . 
 his hand entangled in her hair , crushing her to him with a desperation that left her breathless , and on the verge of tears . 
 she ached for the loss and confusion and terror that he had gone through . 
 ached for the turmoil and confusion she sensed boiling through him . 
 he bent his head to her , his lips pressed gently against her forehead , her cheek , before finally resting against her neck . 
 she felt the rapid increase of his tension , felt the hunger that surged through him . 
 cassie closed her eyes ; her body tingled with excitement as she felt the hot press of his teeth against her skin . 
 she wished fervently that they were not here , that they were not ensnared in this unending horror . 
 she wished that they were alone so that she could truly enjoy his presence , his love , his strength . 
 wished that they were alone so she could reassure devon that it was him she was in love with . 
 cassie 's eyes flew open as the vehicle came to a stop . 
 her hands tightened upon him as a fresh wave of panic threatened to consume her . 
 she needed to be strong now , she had to be strong . 
 taking a deep breath , she pulled slowly away . 
 he kept hold of her hand as she rose up to look at the large red general store . 
 `` why are we here ? '' 
 dani inquired , her eyes darting nervously around the deserted street . 
 `` supplies , '' luther answered briskly . 
 `` julian and i will go in first . '' 
 cassie 's hand tightened around devon 's as her eyes flew wildly to him . 
 they had just found each other again ; she was n't ready to part with him yet . 
 `` i 'm coming with you , '' she said forcefully . 
 `` cassie ... '' she shook her head , brushing aside the strands of hair that fell across her eyes . 
 `` no , i 'm coming with you . '' 
 devon glanced wearily at the store then back at her . 
 `` she 'll be fine ; she 's been through far worse than this . 
 now let 's get going , the sun is coming up , '' julian said briskly . 
 `` luther open the back door . '' 
 luther sat in stunned silence for a moment , devon 's hand tightened on hers as they all slowly turned their attention back to her . 
 cassie found herself staring defiantly back at them , her eyes narrowed , her chin tilted up . 
 she knew she was not the cassie that had been taken from them , that she had changed , but she was getting really tired of their strange , questioning looks . 
 she may be tougher now , but at heart she was still the same person . 
 well , mostly , there were a few changes that were frightening and unsettling . 
 changes she was n't sure she would ever understand . 
 she was n't even sure that she wanted to . 
 luther sighed softly before leaning forward to push the button inside of the glove box , popping open the back door . 
 julian slid out the back and slammed the door behind him . 
 devon hesitated for a moment longer , but cassie continued to cling to his hand , unwilling to let go . 
 `` ok , '' he relented after a moment . 
 `` i 'm coming too , '' liam said , shoving open the door and plunging into the brisk predawn air . 
 cassie shivered in response . 
 when they had fled their prison , she had been too hyped up on adrenaline and fear to really feel the cold , but now that she was safe with devon again , the cold air seemed to pierce her to her bones . 
 devon slid out of the car , helping her out behind him . 
 cassie winced as her brutalized bare feet hit the ground . 
 it was another thing she had n't felt until now , but her feet were bruised , cut , and bleeding . 
 she glanced absently down , noting that she had somehow lost the nail on her pinky toe . 
 she shuddered in disgust , looking quickly away from the bloodied mess of her feet . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 devon demanded , anger blazing from his eyes as he looked down at her wounded feet . 
 she managed a wan smile as she nodded . 
 `` i heal fast , remember ? '' 
 he glanced sharply up at her , a small smile curved his full mouth but his eyes remained hard . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 she grinned up at him , leaning forward to drop a soft kiss on his hard jaw . 
 she may heal fast , but she could n't regenerate a toenail . 
 `` i 'll carry you . '' 
 he bent to pick her up but cassie quickly shook her head , holding up her hand to ward him off . 
 `` we 're both going to need to be ready in case something happens . 
 i 'm fine devon , really . '' 
 he studied her for a moment longer , before nodding briskly . 
 `` the door is open . '' 
 cassie glanced over at julian as he slipped through the darkened doorway . 
 a moment of panic descended over her as he disappeared from view . 
 `` stay by me , '' devon ordered in a low voice . 
 cassie nodded as they moved forward , entering the dark store . 
 her eyes found julian instantly , standing amongst the shadows as he surveyed the building . 
 the store smelled tantalizingly of oats , honey , corn , sweet feed , and leather . 
 the sweet scent of food caused cassie 's stomach to rumble in hungry response . 
 liam reached forward , searching for a light switch but julian seized hold of his arm . 
 `` they 'll see the light if you do that . '' 
 `` you do n't think they have n't already seen the headlights ? '' 
 liam retorted . 
 `` the lights stay off , '' devon told him . 
 they moved slowly into the store . 
 cassie glanced wildly around , her senses on high alert for any hint of danger . 
 although it was dark , her eyes picked up most of the details . 
 she kept her ears trained for any hint of movement , any furtive sound that might signal the impending attack of one of the monsters that haunted this town . 
 they crept slowly forward , the wooden floor boards squeaking softly under their weight . 
 they passed by the glass countertop , there was a cash register placed neatly at the end of it . 
 inside the countertop was an array of jewelry tucked neatly , and oddly , next to some brutal looking hunting knives . 
 next to the glass countertop was a large display of penny candy set off to the left , with even more candy bars set up on the wall behind it . 
 `` those will come in handy , '' julian 's eyes were latched onto a foot long bowie knife behind the glass . 
 it was well honed and completely lethal looking . 
 `` good thing this is a hunting community , '' liam said softly , his eyes focused on the back row of the store . 
 hung neatly on the back wall was a wide assortment of crossbows and long bows . 
 cassie 's eyes widened on the weapons , a thrill of excitement shot through her . 
 she suddenly itched to get her hands on one of those crossbows . 
 it had always been her favorite weapon , and she excelled at it . 
 devon pulled her gently to the side , leading her past rows of brown carhartt jackets , pants and coveralls . 
 across from the outdoor gear was a row of sweaters , sweatshirts , and long johns . 
 devon paused to tug a jacket from the hanger . 
 he slipped it gently around her shoulders , tugging it gently into place . 
 she had n't realized she had been shivering until the warm material encircled her , drawing her attention to the goose bumps that covered her skin . 
 she slipped her arms through the sleeves , relishing in the smooth inner lining and warm down that filled it . 
 the sleeves were too big but devon quickly rolled them back and snugged them into place . 
 she stared up at him , love filling her as he brushed the hair back from her face , his fingers lingered on her cheek . 
 cassie turned into his tender caress , so very happy to feel his touch once more . 
 `` there 's some food over here , '' liam said softly . 
 cassie tore her attention away from devon , her hand slipping easily into his as they moved further down the aisles . 
 liam and julian were standing in the far left aisle that ran the length of the store . 
 freezers full of soda , ice cream , and frozen goods filled the wall . 
 a row of canned foods , bagged foods , and junk food lined the shelves on her right . 
 julian moved slowly toward the back of the store , his ice blue eyes alight in the glow from the coolers . 
 wide double doors opened into a large back room that was packed nearly to the ceiling with bags of animal feed . 
 there was food for dogs and cats , but most of it consisted of cow and horse feed , with a stack of grain in the back for chickens , goats , and sheep . 
 `` everything you could possibly need in one little store , '' liam said softly . 
 cassie walked over to the back wall . 
 the room was held up by stilts , the backyard sloped down a steep rock and dirt hill . 
 staring out the window , she was n't surprised to find a mixture of tractors , mowers , trailers , and other assorted equipment in the back . 
 there were also a few chicken coops and dog pens . 
 nausea twisted through her stomach , bile rose up her throat at the sight of the carnage of the animals that had once lived within those pens . 
 they had been violently slaughtered and strewn about . 
 closing her eyes against the disgusting site , she turned stiffly away . 
 devon came forward , resting his hands gently on her shoulders as he pulled her away . 
 julian walked past her to look out the window , shaking his head as his lip curled in disgust . 
 `` disgusting , vile creatures , '' he muttered . 
 `` there is one thing that we do n't have in this little store . '' 
 `` blood , '' cassie answered for him . 
 `` yes . '' 
 they were silent , the three living dead staring at each other for a long , tense moment . 
 cassie shifted uncomfortably acutely aware of the fact that she was the only morsel in front of them . 
 `` well , let 's gather some supplies and get out of here , '' she said softly . 
 `` no go . 
 we 're going to be here for awhile . '' 
 julian pointed out the window to the small ray of light breaking over the horizon . 
 `` not all of us are lucky enough to withstand its rays . '' 
 cassie winced at the reminder of what had been done to julian while they had been prisoners . 
 their captors had exposed him to long periods of uv light to see if he could withstand it , like devon could . 
 unfortunately , he could n't , and cassie could still see the lingering remnant of a burn at the edge of his platinum blond hair . 
 `` are n't we ? '' 
 devon inquired in a low growl , his hands tightening briefly on cassie 's shoulders . 
 cassie shot devon a fierce look . 
 he could not know what had happened to julian in there , but there was no need to instigate him . 
 julian quirked an eyebrow in amusement , though it did little to cover the tension thrumming through him . 
 `` i may have been on this earth for a long time , but that is one trick that even i have not managed to master . 
 let 's get the others . '' 
 he turned away , gliding gracefully back down the aisles . 
 cassie moved to follow him but devon held her back . 
 she glanced questioningly at him . 
 his face was intense , his eyes hard . 
 `` cassie i do n't know what has happened to you , or to julian , over the past couple of weeks . 
 i do n't know why the three of you are together . '' 
 he broke off for a moment , studying her intently . 
 cassie knew that he wanted an explanation , but she was not ready to give him one yet . 
 she was not ready to relive that horror right now . 
 he sighed softly ; his hands briefly stroked her arms . 
 `` i know you feel that we can trust him , but ... '' `` i do trust him , '' she interrupted fiercely . 
 `` i know it 's asking a lot of you devon , but you must trust me on this . 
 julian will not do anything to hurt me . '' 
 a strange look crossed his face , a flicker of hurt and worry flashed through his eyes . 
 her hands tightened upon him , she wished that she could make him understand , but there was n't time for that right now . 
 `` ok , fine '' he relented . 
 `` if you trust him around your friends then i will also . '' 
 cassie nodded , wishing she could explain everything to him , but knowing that words could never truly make him understand . 
 `` i do devon . 
 i trust him completely . '' 
 his eyes widened in surprise , his hands tightened briefly on her . 
 she knew that she was confusing him , knew that he did n't understand , and that he was wounded , but she could not help it . 
 there was no time now , and she needed him on her side . 
 she needed him not to instigate julian . 
 she needed him . 
 he stared at her for a moment longer before nodding briskly . 
 `` then let 's go . '' 
 she followed him back to the front of the store , and outside . 
 annabelle was standing by the suv , her eyes rapidly searching the surrounding area before darting nervously toward the sky . 
 `` we 'll be staying here for now , '' julian announced . 
 annabelle 's shoulders slouched slightly in relief as she nodded briskly . 
 she turned to the vehicle , throwing open the driver 's side door . 
 `` come on , '' she called into it . 
 chapter 3 cassie waited impatiently for the microwave to beep . 
 her frozen pizza turned slowly inside , the plate bumped every once in awhile against the sides of the machine . 
 her mouth watered as the scent of the bubbling cheese filled the air . 
 turning away , before she drove herself crazy with hunger , cassie looked around the small room they had discovered behind the large row of candy bars . 
 inside were a coffee pot , small mini fridge , and microwave . 
 there was also a little tv and radio . 
 devon was fiddling with the tv , trying to find a channel , but receiving nothing . 
 he slammed his hands off the side of it ; a loud curse escaped him as he switched it off in frustration . 
 `` beating on it wo n't make the cable come back on . '' 
 cassie glanced over her shoulder as julian appeared in the doorway , smiling in wry amusement . 
 his platinum hair was still damp and disheveled from washing it in the same sink that cassie had used to clean herself up in . 
 he had slipped on a pair of jeans , and a flannel shirt that looked completely out of place on him . 
 yet , he was still magnificent and gorgeous . 
 she shook her head at him as devon turned , scowling fiercely . 
 `` thanks for the info . 
 have any more little tidbits of advice for me ? '' 
 devon snarled . 
 `` now now , no need to be snippy , '' julian replied lightly . 
 devon 's scowl deepened as he rose swiftly to his feet , his body shook with frustration and anger . 
 cassie 's eyes widened , fear boiled through her as she glanced rapidly between the two of them . 
 julian still appeared casual , but beneath his calm exterior she sensed a rising tension inside of him . 
 they were both spoiling for a fight . 
 `` stop it , '' cassie warned , stepping between the two of them . 
 she was growing impatient with their bickering and constant baiting of one another . 
 devon was the first one to back down , turning away from them as the microwave beeped loudly . 
 cassie 's mouth watered as he pulled the plate out , his eyes latching back on julian as he handed it to her . 
 cassie eagerly seized hold of the plate , choosing to ignore them for the time being . 
 `` we found a storage area , '' julian informed them . 
 `` in the cellar . '' 
 cassie blew on her steaming pizza . 
 she was very tempted to start eating it now , and to hell with the burnt mouth , but julian 's words enticed her almost as much as the pizza did . 
 `` there 's a cellar ? '' 
 she inquired , in between blowing on her overheated meal . 
 `` yes , come on . '' 
 cassie glanced at devon before following julian from the room and toward the back of the store . 
 a large mat had been pulled back to reveal the wooden planks of the floor . 
 in the middle of the planks was an open trap door with a single metal ring at the end of it . 
 everyone was gathered around the trapdoor , peering into the darkness below . 
 cassie forgot about her pizza as she stepped next to chris . 
 the harsh scent of mildew wafted up , but nothing stirred within the dark . 
 `` i do n't sense anything down there , '' chris said softly . 
 `` i do n't smell any humans , '' liam added . 
 `` there are rats though . '' 
 cassie 's nose wrinkled at the thought , her stomach rolled and dropped . 
 she did n't mind most animals , but rats that were n't in a cage bothered her . 
 `` well then , let 's go down . '' 
 julian pulled out a flashlight and flicked it on . 
 light pooled from it , splashing down a set of steep wooden stairs . 
 turning , cassie placed her pizza on a shelf , more curious about what was beneath than her food . 
 she followed chris down , using the thin wooden rail as her guide , and praying that the stairs would hold their weight as they shook beneath her , feeling more wobbly than supportive . 
 the basement floor was hard packed dirt ; the scent of mildew was stronger down here . 
 cassie covered her nose against the harsh smell as her stomach turned over . 
 julian played the flashlight around the room . 
 the beam bounced off the old rock walls , a beaten down oil heater , and pallets loaded down with more feed . 
 sitting on top of the bags of feed were half a dozen rats , they paused only briefly in their eating to stare at them through the beam of light . 
 their eyes were bright red , their noses twitched as their tails thumped softly against the bags of grain . 
 they squeaked their displeasure , a few of them disappearing into the dark while the braver ones refused to give up their meal . 
 cassie took an involuntary step back from them . 
 `` guess that 's dinner , '' julian said softly , turning the beam away from them . 
 cassie groaned in disgust , her stomach twisted even harder at the thought . 
 julian glanced back at her , his eyes bright in the flash of light . 
 `` sorry princess , but it 's true . '' 
 cassie shot him a dark look , he merely grinned annoying back at her . 
 devon took hold of her hand , squeezing it gently as he pulled her a step closer to him . 
 `` there 's nothing that we can use down here , '' chris said . 
 `` and it 's creeping me out , '' melissa muttered . 
 melissa turned and hurried back up the steps , nearly bolting through the open door . 
 cassie was just as eager to follow her . 
 she stepped back into the store , eagerly gulping down the fresh air . 
 luther glanced over from his position by the window , his glasses flashing in the small bit of sunlight that filtered through the thick curtains that had been drawn against the day . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 cassie shook her head as she hurried back to her pizza . 
 the rats had grossed her out , but they had n't diminished her appetite . 
 the others eventually filed back out , filtering slowly throughout the store . 
 though she sensed their exhaustion , she knew that their curiosity about what had been done to them was far stronger . 
 she licked the lingering remnants of spaghetti sauce from her fingers , trying to stall for some more time . 
 she was not ready to get into the details of her ordeal , not ready to relive the nightmare that she and julian had endured . 
 it was inevitable though , they wanted and deserved answers , and she would rather get it done sooner rather than later . 
 turning to face them , she braced herself for the onslaught of their questions . 
 devon stood stiffly by her side , his shoulder brushing against hers as she moved . 
 he seized hold of her hand , squeezing it gently for reassurance . 
 chris had taken up position on the other side of the door . 
 though he stared out at the street , cassie knew his attention was focused on her . 
 liam and annabelle were standing close together , liam 's arms wrapped around annabelle 's waist as he held her against his chest . 
 melissa and luther watched her questioningly ; melissa 's onyx eyes sad and caring . 
 dani was sitting with her back against the counter , her head bent , and her red streaked hair falling forward . 
 she looked even more uncomfortable than cassie felt . 
 `` are you ready to tell us what happened ? '' 
 devon inquired softly . 
 cassie swallowed heavily , her gaze darting nervously around the room again . 
 they all stared at her inquisitively , except for julian , who was scowling at the floor with his arms folded over his chest . 
 julian lifted his head slowly , meeting her panicked gaze briefly before giving her a small nod of encouragement . 
 she took strength in his steady , calming presence , knowing that she would need his help if she was going to get through this . 
 licking her lips nervously , cassie decided to just plunge in . 
 she quickly filled them in on her capture and imprisonment . 
 she did n't talk about the torture she had experienced in there . 
 she kept everything simple and short . 
 she could n't look at them as she spoke , but remained focused on the ground until she finished , hating the anticipatory silence that filled the room when she was done . 
 `` what did they do to you in there cassie ? '' 
 chris asked gently , his gaze keen and inquisitive . 
 though his strange looks were not as common as they had been , every once in awhile she would catch him staring at her oddly . 
 she shook her head , unable to look at chris again for fear she would start crying , and never stop . 
 she did n't want him to know of her suffering , did n't want any of them to know about it . 
 she wanted to keep them safe from it , sheltered and protected . 
 she did n't want chris to know how much she had changed , how much she had been hurt , or the physical and mental torment that she and julian had endured . 
 he was too good to have to bear that burden with her . 
 they all were . 
 she turned away from chris , ignoring his question as she focused on dani . 
 `` why did you turn on us ? '' 
 she asked quietly , unable to keep the hurt from her voice . 
 she had brought dani into her home , thought of her like a sister , and she had betrayed them all . 
 dani glanced up at her ; her gold flecked eyes were red and swollen from lack of sleep . 
 the hostility within the room notched up a level as everyone focused their attention on her . 
 `` i did n't want to , '' she whispered miserably . 
 `` but ... '' she shook her head , her voice trailing off as a sob broke from her . 
 `` my brother went to the commission after he left town , he told them about you , all of you . '' 
 her gaze lingered briefly on devon before turning toward julian . 
 julian glowered back at her , his hands fisted , his shoulders ramrod straight . 
 dani turned quickly away from the hatred and malevolence in julian 's gaze . 
 `` he was my brother ; i had to help him when the commission sent him back . '' 
 they all stood silently , staring at her expectantly , but she did n't continue . 
 `` there 's more to that story ! '' 
 julian spat , taking a fierce step forward . 
 dani winced as she bit on her bottom lip . 
 `` easy julian , '' devon warned in a low growl . 
 julian glared at him for a moment before turning his attention back to dani . 
 `` either tell the truth , or i will get it from you . 
 all i have to do is touch you , sort through the memories and pick out the ones i want . 
 for the most part it can be painless , and the person need never know that i was there . 
 but i vow that what i will do to you , will be anything but painless . '' 
 dani gaped at him in horror ; her eyes flew wildly around the room . 
 though cassie wanted to feel pity for her , there was none . 
 she could n't summon the strength for forgiveness and mercy , not for dani . 
 `` i 'll destroy you if i get into your mind , '' julian growled . 
 `` i 'll make what they did to us in that place look like it was a day in the park ! '' 
 `` julian , '' annabelle hissed , reaching for his arm in an attempt to calm him . 
 julian shook her off , taking another step toward dani . 
 `` this bitch put us in that hell hole , and one way or another she is going to tell us why ! '' 
 `` julian , '' cassie said softly . 
 though he had shaken annabelle off , he did n't shrug off her grasp as she seized gently hold of his arm . 
 his reddened eyes slowly turned back to their electrifying blue as his gaze met hers . 
 `` it 's ok . '' 
 he stepped back nodding slowly , though he still hummed with anger . 
 devon 's hand tightened on cassie 's , his eyes questioning as he studied her . 
 he wanted to know what had happened in there , wanted to know what had been done to them , and just how close her bond with julian was . 
 he wanted more answers than cassie had already given him . 
 she just was n't ready to give them to him yet , if ever . 
 she turned away from him , stepping in between julian and dani before julian did grab hold of her . 
 cassie felt no forgiveness toward dani , no sympathy , but julian would hurt her , and they may need dani later on . 
 her other friends would be safe around julian , but dani was fair game . 
 `` why did the commission send your brother , and you , after us ? 
 why would they even come after us ? '' 
 cassie inquired . 
 dani glanced wearily up at her , the tips of her lashes were wet with unshed tears . 
 for a moment cassie was afraid that dani would n't speak , and that they would need julian to drag the answers from her , but she finally did . 
 `` because of you . '' 
 cassie blinked in surprise at dani 's soft words . 
 her gaze flew toward devon as he stiffened angrily , a low growl emanating from him . 
 the hair on the back of her neck stood on end , the resentment in the room notched up to a whole new level . 
 cassie glanced between him and julian , whose eyes were a bright red again . 
 she was growing fearful that between devon and julian she may not be able to keep dani safe , and alive . 
 she held a hand up , warding devon back as she focused her attention on dani . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 dani glanced wearily at the hostile group surrounding her . 
 using the counter , she rose slowly to her feet . 
 she looked braced for an attack . 
 cassie 's eyes widened at the girl 's behavior , her heart trip hammered with the knowledge that she was not going to like what dani had to say . 
 `` when we were younger joey and i came to this town . 
 before our guardian was killed in the slaughter , he told joey about this town , and to come here if something ever happened . 
 the commission took us in , kept us with them after the slaughter , and helped us to survive until we were ready to go out on our own . 
 they also taught us about our heritage . '' 
 cassie stared at her , a growing feeling of unease and queasiness moved through her body . 
 they were just beginning to scratch the surface of dani 's betrayal , and already cassie was n't sure she wanted to hear anymore . 
 dani had lied to them from the beginning ; she and joey had led them all to believe that they had been completely on their own after the slaughter . 
 that no one had helped them as they had struggled to survive on the streets . 
 cassie did n't know why dani had kept this a secret , but she was certain she was n't going to like the reasons behind it . 
 `` why did you lie to us about your childhood ? '' 
 melissa asked softly . 
 dani licked her lips , shifting nervously as her gaze settled on the door . 
 she looked as if she wanted to bolt . 
 `` when the commission eventually sent us out in search of other hunters and guardians they told us not to let them know about this town . 
 at least not until they knew if we could trust them . 
 there was no way of knowing how the slaughter had affected people , and how they now felt about the commission . 
 they never suspected anything like what we discovered with you and devon ; no one ever thought a hunter and a vampire would fall in love . 
 it was unthinkable . 
 unheard of . 
 `` i never thought it was wrong , '' dani breathed . 
 `` i thought your relationship was special , different ; good . '' 
 her eyes darted over the two of them , before glancing briefly at julian . 
 his lip curled into a snarl , his eyes darkened as he glowered at her . 
 cassie was irritated by the confusion and doubt she sensed from dani , but then again dani had witnessed julian kissing her . 
 and though cassie knew what that kiss had meant dani had no way of knowing . 
 `` it is , '' cassie said softly . 
 dani shot her a questioning look . 
 cassie met her gaze head on refusing to be judged by the girl that had nearly gotten her killed , and had gotten her tortured . 
 `` the commission also wanted us to make sure that any of the hunter 's we met was not the hunter 's that have nothing , '' dani continued . 
 cassie started in surprise , stunned and completely mystified by her strange words . 
 `` the ones who have nothing ? '' 
 luther inquired a sharp edge to his voice . 
 dani nodded slowly , she swallowed heavily . 
 `` the evil ones amongst us . 
 the hunters that turn . '' 
 horror rolled through cassie , she took an involuntary step back as dani 's gaze darted to her . 
 devon stopped her backward momentum , resting his hand in the hollow of her back as he sought to steady and comfort her . 
 cassie turned into him , needing his comfort more than anything right now . 
 his arms wrapped tight around her as she rested her head against his chest , taking solace in his solid presence . 
 luther released the curtain he had been holding as he took an angry step toward dani . 
 `` the evil ones ? 
 are you mad ? '' 
 dani shook her head fervently . 
 `` no , it 's true ! 
 there are evil ones amongst us , and cassie is one of them ! '' 
 devon hissed sharply , his hands tightened almost painfully upon her . 
 dani shook her head quickly , her hair flying around her as she took a frightened step back . 
 `` or that 's what i believed anyway . 
 it 's what i was told from the time i was a child ! 
 `` they said that the ones with no power would eventually turn into mindless monsters that sought to destroy everything in their path ! 
 when i first met cassie i did n't believe what they had said , i thought that they had lied to me , or that they had been wrong . 
 i thought that there was no way she could turn against someone , no way she 'd hurt someone , and then ... '' `` and then you saw me kill isla , '' cassie said softly when dani trailed off . 
 her mind flashed back to that night , and the overwhelming anger and hatred that had consumed her . 
 she had been a monster that night , and if it had n't been for devon she very well could have been lost to the rage trying to overtake her . 
 `` and you were scared . '' 
 dani 's lower lip began to tremble , and despite her best intentions not to have it happen , cassie felt her heart softening toward the girl . 
 `` yes , and i thought that they had been right . 
 i knew then that there was something wrong with you , and i was so very frightened that one day you would hurt one of us . '' 
 `` and you called your brother ? '' 
 luther inquired his voice tight with anger and disbelief . 
 `` yes . 
 when joey left me behind , he went back to the people that had helped to raise us . 
 he came back here . '' 
 horror curdled through cassie as the true depth of dani 's betrayal set in . 
 `` he did n't leave you behind because you actually wanted to stay . 
 he left you behind to spy on us . '' 
 panic flared through dani as her eyes darted wildly around . 
 though she appeared to be looking for an escape , they all knew that there was n't one for her . 
 her mouth opened and closed , her eyes rolled wildly in her head . 
 she looked like a crazed horse that had been trapped and cornered . 
 the only difference was that cassie would have sympathy for the horse ; she had none for this girl . 
 `` well !? '' 
 chris shouted causing dani to jump in surprise . 
 `` yes , '' she admitted in a strangled voice . 
 chris sneered at her , his eyes raked her with disgust . 
 melissa remained unmoving , her face hard though her eyes narrowed minutely . 
 luther cursed loudly as he slammed his fist into the sill . 
 `` we trusted you ! '' 
 he exploded . 
 cassie jumped in surprise , more rattled by luther 's lack of composure than dani 's admission . 
 luther was always stoic , he was almost robotically in control of his anger . 
 `` luther , '' melissa said softly . 
 luther scowled at her as he turned on his heel , pacing restlessly back to the window . 
 he cast one last scathing glare at dani before turning his attention to the day beyond . 
 `` what happened when you called your brother ? '' 
 cassie inquired , surprised by how composed her voice still was . 
 dani swallowed nervously , her hands clenched tightly before her . 
 though she knew that she was surrounded by people that hated her , she seemed to have regained her composure . 
 `` the commission has grown stronger over the years ; some lost members have even been relocated . 
 they have been working here for many years doing new research . '' 
 dani broke off ; her gaze focused on her hands . 
 she was twisting them back and forth in what had to be a painful manner . 
 `` they were trying to create more hunter 's ! '' 
 chris gasped , taking a startled step back as the realization sank in . 
 cassie shuddered , burying her face in devon 's chest for a moment as she tried to retain her swiftly unraveling composure . 
 `` yes , '' dani said softly . 
 `` our race needs to be rebuilt before it is completely extinguished . 
 otherwise there will be no protection for the human race against the vampire 's . '' 
 `` we are not all monster 's you know , '' liam grated . 
 dani nodded , her hands turning red as she continued to twist them . 
 `` i know that , but for the most part , you are . '' 
 liam glared at her for a moment longer , drawing annabelle closer to him . 
 `` in order to create new hunter 's you need vampires . 
 that 's why i was captured , '' julian deduced . 
 cassie lifted her head as julian began to pace restlessly back and forth , running his hand through his hair . 
 he was like a caged tiger ready to snap , but he had to stay in control for awhile longer . 
 they needed more answers , and as much as she had grown to despise dani , she could not allow julian to kill her while in a state of rage . 
 cassie truly believed he was trying to better himself , and killing dani was not the way to do it . 
 `` yes , '' dani admitted . 
 `` and they also needed you for your power . 
 they tried using younger vamps , but it did n't work out well . 
 the commission felt that if they could get their hands on an elder , it might make a difference . 
 they felt that might be the key that they were missing in order to get the combination of human and vampire blood right . '' 
 julian shot her a fierce glare , his eyes momentarily flaring red . 
 `` and they could n't take devon , they could n't be sure that they would be able to keep his ability for mind control locked down . 
 and they did n't know if they could keep him under control , especially ... '' she broke off , her gaze darted to cassie . 
 `` especially since they did n't think they would be able to control devon with cassie around . 
 so they took julian . '' 
 devon 's hands had tightened on cassie ; his attention was focused on julian , who looked about ready to rip the store apart with his bare hands . 
 cassie clung to devon , fighting back the shudder of terror and dread that wanted to shake her . 
 devon rested his cheek against her hair . 
 `` breathe love , just breathe . '' 
 she had n't even realized she had stopped breathing until that moment . 
 it exploded out of her , leaving her shaken and on the verge of tears . 
 they would n't have been able to control devon in there . 
 he would have lost complete control of himself if he had seen what they did to her every day , seen what they had put her through . 
 and they probably would have destroyed him . 
 the thought left her hollow , cold , barely able to breathe as she held him against her , trying not to shed the tears in her eyes . 
 `` but they could n't figure it out , '' dani continued in a shaky voice , watching them wearily . 
 `` everyone knew that the hunters had been created from vampires , but no one knew how , and no matter how hard they tried , they could n't get the combination right . '' 
 cassie inhaled sharply , her fingers dug deeper into devon 's arm . 
 he held her gently , his hands rubbing over her as he tried to put some heat back into her suddenly chilled body . 
 `` so they ended up creating monsters , '' cassie whispered . 
 `` they created the monster 's that are running loose in this town right now ? '' 
 `` yes , but they did n't mean to . 
 they were trying to do right ; they were trying to protect people . '' 
 cassie stared at her in disbelief , her mouth suddenly dry , and her heart thumping loudly in her chest . 
 `` how did i not know anything about this ? '' 
 luther demanded fiercely . 
 `` why had i never heard about the other hunter 's like cassie , but you were told about them ? '' 
 dani was silent for a moment , she licked her lips nervously . 
 `` it was only the commission that knew about the ones with no powers , and what they could become . 
 they kept it hidden from the other guardians . '' 
 `` why would they do that ? '' 
 melissa asked softly . 
 `` to limit the liability , '' luther answered his voice full of horror at the realization . 
 `` the commission could take out the hunter without having to deal with a fight from their guardian . 
 and most guardians would put up a fight against them ; they would die to protect their hunter . 
 but if the guardians were n't informed about the dangers that the lack of abilities might hold , then the commission could make the death or disappearance of the hunter look accidental ; they could blame it on vampires . 
 their guardian 's never had to know what had really happened to them . '' 
 cassie 's stomach rolled , nausea swept through her . 
 she clung tighter to devon , needing his strength and support . 
 melissa looked like she was going to cry as her shimmering onyx eyes met cassie 's . 
 no one spoke ; cassie did n't think any of them could find the words after luther 's observation . 
 `` that 's why some of the people in this town are simply gone , and others have been viciously murdered , '' annabelle whispered . 
 `` the ones that were taken , and experimented on , have come back to hunt the innocents . 
 and the other people in this town were members of the commission , guardian 's , or hunter 's and they were down there with you . '' 
 dani bit hard on her trembling bottom lip . 
 `` there were a few escapes before tonight , '' she admitted . 
 `` and tonight all hell broke loose , '' julian muttered . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` how many escaped ? '' 
 dani shook her head , looking completely helpless and out of sorts . 
 `` i do n't know how many were down there to begin with , or how many were able to break free . '' 
 everyone was silent as they digested this new tidbit of information . 
 `` what happened there tonight ? '' 
 luther inquired . 
 dani shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know for sure , they had been having problems with the security . 
 those things were n't as easily drugged as the two of you . '' 
 devon 's hands twitched on cassie as he glanced sharply down at her . 
 she shook her head , not wanting to go into the details of that place right now . 
 not wanting to recall it at all , but knowing that it would haunt her for the rest of her life . 
 `` they were too crazed , too wild and unstable to be suppressed so easily . 
 but i thought that they were getting it under control . '' 
 `` why did n't they just destroy them ? 
 why were they keeping them alive ? '' 
 luther demanded . 
 dani simply shrugged , her mouth opened and closed briefly before she shook her head helplessly . 
 `` they wanted to try and use them , wanted to try and gain control of them somehow . '' 
 cassie shuddered as chris swore violently . 
 luther and melissa simply gaped at dani , shock and horror on their faces . 
 liam and annabelle remained unmoving , as still as stone as they clung to each other . 
 `` and you call us monster 's !? '' 
 julian spat , his fury nearly palpable in the room . 
 `` in all of my long lifetime i have never leveled an entire town ! '' 
 dani was shaking now , tears streamed down her face . 
 `` i did n't know what was going on there , what they were trying to do ! 
 i trusted them , they helped to raise me . 
 they kept me safe and alive during a time when joey and i had no one . 
 i thought that i was doing good ! '' 
 dani 's voice broke on a sob ; she hugged her arms tight around her middle . 
 `` why was that place built in the bottom of a school ? '' 
 cassie asked quietly , hoping her tone would help to keep dani and everyone else calmer . 
 `` it 's under a school ? '' 
 chris demanded sharply . 
 cassie shot him a censuring look as she shook her head . 
 there was enough anger and animosity in this room right now without adding to it . 
 `` yes , '' cassie informed him . 
 `` dani ? '' 
 dani shook her head , tears streamed silently down her cheeks . 
 `` it was originally a bomb shelter that was built in the late forties . 
 they had decided that it would be a good place to turn into a laboratory , to keep all of their records , and a good place to hide just in case something should happen . 
 it is where they hid during the slaughter . 
 after the slaughter they began to gather as many hunter 's and members of the commission here as they could . 
 the school was built on top of it in the sixties because they felt it was a good cover for what was hidden beneath the foundation . '' 
 cassie simply stared hard at her for a moment , her stomach rolling and heaving , her extremities felt like ice . 
 she was well aware of the fact that the commission had taken up base in the u.s. during world war ii . 
 they had fled england when it was being bombed on a regular basis , and it became too risky to stay in europe any longer . 
 they had taken up residence in the u.s. but no one , outside of the commission , had known the exact location of where they had escaped to . 
 now they had all stumbled across that location by incredible misfortune . 
 `` how long have they been doing experiments down there ? '' 
 cassie managed in a choked voice . 
 dani glanced swiftly over them , her eyes full of horror and terror . 
 `` since the beginning , '' she whispered . 
 `` but they became more frequent after the slaughter . '' 
 there was a collective inhalation of breaths , a stunned silence hung heavy in the air . 
 `` so it was only a matter of time before all hell broke loose , '' luther muttered , turning sharply on his heel to stare back out the window . 
 `` i was always proud of what i was ... '' he broke off shaking his head in disgust . 
 `` now it makes me sick . '' 
 cassie 's heart ached for luther , but there were no words that would help him feel better . 
 no words that would help any of them feel better about what they were hearing . 
 `` so this town was built around the commission , these people are mainly here , or were here , for the commissions purposes ? '' 
 devon asked softly . 
 dani was silent for a moment before nodding slowly . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered . 
 cassie choked softly , bile rose rapidly up her throat as horror threatened to consume her . 
 devon 's hold on her tightened , he pressed her firmly against his chest , his hands entwining in her hair as he kissed her forcefully . 
 `` did the people know ? '' 
 melissa asked softly . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' dani whispered . 
 `` very few were ever taken into the laboratory , until recently , and i 'm sure the commission went for people outside of this town as well . '' 
 `` i 'd like to kill you myself , '' chris muttered in revulsion . 
 cassie did n't disagree with him . 
 `` how involved in this were you ? '' 
 julian asked softly . 
 dani shook her head . 
 `` this is the town where we stayed after our parents were killed ; i even went to the school until eighth grade . 
 that was when the commission decided to send joey out in search of other hunter 's and guardian 's , but i did n't know about the laboratory until recently . '' 
 cassie 's stomach was twisted into a tight knot ; she was having a hard time breathing through the horror constricting her chest . 
 she glanced up at devon , trying not to lose control of her emotions and temper . 
 dani 's betrayal had almost cost cassie and julian their lives . 
 it had almost cost her devon and her friends . 
 if she allowed her anger to grow , cassie was fairly certain that she may very well kill dani . 
 `` where do i come in on all of this ? '' 
 cassie asked quietly , knowing that she did n't want to hear the answer , but having to ask the question . 
 dani 's lip trembled as she glanced guiltily at cassie . 
 `` i thought that you would hurt one of us , '' she whispered . 
 `` so i told the commission about you . 
 i did n't know what else to do . '' 
 `` talk to one of us . 
 tell us your fears ! '' 
 devon exploded . 
 cassie grabbed hold of him as he took an angry step toward dani , truly fearing that he would hurt her , if not kill her . 
 he stopped moving but his eyes flared bright red . 
 `` you could have come to us . 
 we saved your worthless life . 
 it would have been far better if i had just let julian rip your throat out when he had the chance ! '' 
 `` i second that , '' julian muttered , drawing a sharp look from cassie . 
 `` devon stop . 
 julian , do n't egg him on , '' cassie warned . 
 `` i thought i was doing a good thing ! '' 
 dani wailed . 
 `` i helped them capture julian because he was our enemy ! 
 i was helping to rid the world of him . 
 and they ... and they told me that they could help cassie , '' she said brokenly . 
 `` they promised me that they would n't hurt her , and that they could make her better . 
 they promised me she would be returned afterward . 
 i did n't know what they were going to do to you cassie , i really did n't ! 
 i never would have done it if i had known ! '' 
 dani broke off , tears rolling freely down her face as she looked at the hostile faces surrounding her . 
 devon 's grip on cassie had tightened ; his body was as taut as a bowstring . 
 she knew that if he had not been holding her , he would have gone after dani , and he would have killed her . 
 `` i am sorry , '' dani whimpered . 
 `` ok fine , '' cassie said after a few moments . 
 `` let 's say you really did want to help me , and you did n't know what they were going to do . 
 what i want to know is why they were so interested in me , why did n't they just kill me ? '' 
 dani glanced toward the window , her brow furrowed slightly . 
 `` because you were somehow able to survive , you were somehow able to control the darkness inside you after you killed isla . 
 you were able to come back from it when that darkness tried to claim you . '' 
 `` but that was only because devon helped me back , '' cassie said softly . 
 dani shook her head as her attention returned to cassie . 
 `` they did n't know that for sure though . 
 they had to take a chance that you might be able to come back on your own . '' 
 cassie closed her eyes , fighting against the frustration and confusion that was threatening to pull her under . 
 `` but they kept me drugged in there ; they never let me lose control . 
 they never gave me a chance to try and come back on my own . '' 
 `` no , you were too valuable to them . 
 if you lost control , you might be able to break free of the drug induced stupor like the others had . 
 but if they could keep the human in you calm , they could try to discover the secret of what made you work . 
 what makes you only rarely volatile ? 
 and could they make you stronger , but still allow you to control it ? '' 
 a strange new sensation began to creep through cassie 's stomach . 
 there was an awful ringing in her ears . 
 she recalled all the blood they had taken from her , the stuff they had injected her with . 
 what had they been trying to do to her ? 
 `` what did they give me in there ? 
 what were they trying to prove with those injections ? '' 
 she whispered , her voice choked and hoarse . 
 dani 's eyes were wide and terrified as she glanced nervously around the room , seemingly unwilling to answer cassie 's question . 
 devon turned slowly toward cassie , his eyebrows furrowed tightly as he stared hard at her . 
 his eyes traveled slowly over her body , his eyes turning a fiery red . 
 his nostrils flared suddenly and she could almost feel him inhaling her scent . 
 confusion emanated from him as he clung to her . 
 ice ran through cassie 's veins in the face of dani 's petrified expression and the strange shaking that was suddenly taking hold of devon . 
 dani glanced wearily back at julian again before focusing her attention on cassie and devon once more . 
 `` they wanted to see how much blood you could handle , '' dani whispered . 
 `` how much vampire blood you could take . 
 julian 's blood . '' 
 `` that explains it , '' chris breathed . 
 cassie 's gaze swung wildly toward him , he was staring at her with dawning , horrified comprehension . 
 his eyes were wide and frightened . 
 cassie opened her mouth to question him , but before she could say anything , all hell broke loose . 
 chapter 4 `` son of a bitch ! '' 
 devon roared , releasing cassie as rage flared hotly through him , completely encompassing him in its grip . 
 cassie tried to grasp hold of him again , fearful of what he might do , but he had already moved swiftly out of her reach . 
 grabbing hold of the glass countertop , he lifted it as if it weighed no more than a feather , and flipped it off of the back wall . 
 it crashed loudly off the wall , metal twisted as glass shattered . 
 cassie flinched , jumping back as glass scattered around her feet , and bounced off of the mountain boots she had found . 
 knives , jewelry , and other assorted miscellaneous clattered loudly as it splayed across the floor . 
 devon stormed forward , fury radiated from him as he went straight at dani . 
 dani let out a frightened cry , her face turned white as she scrambled to get out of his way . 
 liam and chris moved to intercept devon 's murderous rampage , knocking devon back a few feet as he reached for her . 
 dani let out a terrified scream , ducking low as she darted behind luther and melissa . 
 `` devon calm down ! 
 devon ! '' 
 liam shouted trying to stop him as devon seized hold of a rack of winter hats and gloves . 
 melissa cried out , darting to the side as the rack sailed at her head . 
 annabelle scurried to help liam , glancing anxiously at cassie , but cassie found that she could n't move . 
 dani 's words were just beginning to fully sink in . 
 they had given her julian 's blood ! 
 they had pumped her full of vampire blood ! 
 maybe that was the reason she felt so connected to julian now , but although that idea sounded reasonable , it did n't feel right . 
 she felt a bond with julian because they had formed a strong bond while being held captive together . 
 it had nothing to do with his blood , and everything to do with the man that she had come to know . 
 liam grabbed hold of devon 's arm , trying to hold him back . 
 devon swung him forward , slamming him into the wall with a resounding thud that shook the store as he seized hold of liam 's throat . 
 a picture fell somewhere in the distance , glass shattered as it hit the floor . 
 windows rattled in their frames as liam 's feet kicked against the wall , his face turning bright red as devon squeezed harder . 
 it appeared that devon wanted to rip his head right off . 
 chris launched himself at devon 's back , trying to pull him off , but devon flung him away as if he weighed no more than a feather . 
 cassie gasped in horror as chris skidded across the floor ; he smashed into a rack of magazines , knocking it over . 
 he pawed at the rack , shoving it off of him and tossing it away . 
 melissa rushed to his side , helping him to his feet as devon slammed liam off the wall again . 
 `` devon no ! '' 
 annabelle screamed her voice filled with terror as she raced over to try and pull devon off of liam . 
 `` no , stop ! 
 cassie ! 
 cassie help me ! '' 
 it was the utter panic in annabelle 's voice that finally snapped cassie out of her shocked stupor . 
 horror filled her as she realized the extent of devon 's rampage . 
 he would kill everyone in this room if he was n't stopped . 
 liam being his first victim , and if he killed liam , annabelle was as good as gone too . 
 cassie raced forward , grabbing hold of devon 's arm as she tried to pull him away from liam . 
 `` devon stop ! 
 devon please ! '' 
 tears streamed down annabelle 's face as she continued to pull uselessly at devon 's arm . 
 they were both as effective as gnats . 
 pure panic began to tear through cassie . 
 she had no idea how she was going to get devon off of liam , and although liam did not require air , his eyes were beginning to bulge from his head . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 she screamed in his ear , but he did not seem to hear her through the bloodlust consuming him . 
 and then it hit her , bloodlust . 
 he was in the throes of it , and what he wanted most was blood . 
 and the blood he wanted more than anything was her blood . 
 cassie released him , darting back toward the ruined counter in search of one of the knives . 
 she fell to her knees as she scrambled through the mess , ignoring the small nicks the sharp glass left on her . 
 seizing hold of the first knife she found , a wicked looking one with a six inch curved blade , she jumped back to her feet . 
 chris was coming forward again , and julian appeared to have decided to help as he began to move in , but they would only be two more useless fighters in the already overcrowded ring . 
 `` stay back ! '' 
 she snarled , thrusting the knife at them as she rushed past . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 julian shouted his eyes wide with horror as he realized her intent . 
 `` cassie no ! '' 
 he tried to intercept her , but she was able to dart past him . 
 she thrust herself in between devon and liam , barely squeezing between them . 
 liam 's feet kicked against the back of her calves . 
 she could smell the tangy scent of his blood in the room . 
 the store pulsated with rage and need ; it shook with the fury of the battle being waged . 
 `` you do n't want him devon , '' she whispered . 
 `` it 's my blood you want , take it instead . '' 
 tossing her hair back , she took the knife and made a small slit at the base of her throat . 
 for a moment nothing happened , devon did n't even look at her . 
 and then , the scent of her blood seemed to penetrate the thick fog of his fury . 
 he turned slowly toward her , his red eyes fastened upon the blood dripping down her neck . 
 cassie straightened her shoulders , trusting in the strength of devon 's love to get them both through this . 
 he would take her blood , she knew that , and she would not deny him . 
 she only hoped that he did not kill her in the process . 
 `` it 's ok , '' she whispered . 
 `` devon take it , take my blood . '' 
 he shoved liam back , thrusting him away as devon released him . 
 liam stumbled , falling to his knees as he pressed a hand to his wounded throat . 
 annabelle knelt beside him , wrapping her arm around his back as they both scurried to get out of the way . 
 julian came toward her , his face tight with worry , his eyes gleaming at the sight of her blood . 
 cassie shook her head at him , knowing that if julian tried to interfere it would only result in a blood bath . 
 devon came at her , his lips pulled back to reveal his fully extended fangs . 
 cassie 's heartbeat picked up , but it was not fear that sent her blood pumping . 
 it was excitement and desire . 
 it had been so long since he had taken her blood , so long since they had bonded in such a way . 
 and she found that she needed , and wanted him desperately to do it . 
 she needed this reconnection , needed to feel him inside of her again , enjoying her , and loving her . 
 his hand wrapped around her neck , entangling in her hair as he pulled her forward , tilting her head roughly to the side . 
 for a moment his eyes flashed their brilliant emerald green , and she knew that the man was present once again . 
 not present enough to stop him from taking her blood . 
 it was too late for that , he would not be stopped , but he was there enough so that she could see the person she loved so dearly once more . 
 tears bloomed in her eyes at the sight of that beautiful , much loved color . 
 he would not kill her , she knew that . 
 he pulled her forward , much more gently than she had expected . 
 his other arm locked around her waist , dragging her forcefully against his body . 
 she remained immobile in his arms , her eyes closing as anticipation thrummed through her body . 
 `` it 's ok , '' she whispered again , not wanting him to hate himself for what he was about to do . 
 `` it 's ok love . '' 
 he struck suddenly and with the speed of a rattlesnake . 
 cassie 's body jerked slightly as his teeth sank deep . 
 though the piercing pain was intense and sharp , it was also brief and fleeting and swiftly replaced by the euphoria that this experience always arose in her . 
 she wrapped her arms around his back , clinging tighter to him as he bit deeper , and drank deeper than he ever had before . 
 his fear , confusion , rage , and undying love engulfed her . 
 she could feel his mind mingling with hers , feel it touching upon hers as they blended together , slowly becoming one . 
 just as her mind was touching upon his . 
 just as he could now see so many things she had wanted to keep from him . 
 for a frantic moment , cassie wanted to pull away , wanted to get free of him . 
 she did n't want him to see what they had done to her in there . 
 she did n't want him to see her weakness , her fear , or her pain , and there had been so much of it in there , far too much of it . 
 she did n't want him to see her conflicting feelings about julian either , did n't want him to be hurt anymore than he already had been . 
 she did n't want him to experience what she had gone through ; did n't want him to know what had been done to her at all . 
 she knew that she could not keep it hidden from him though . 
 if she tried to do so , it would only cause him more distress and doubt over her feelings for julian . 
 she could sense that he already felt shut out , that he was threatened and confused by her relationship with julian , and it was making him even more volatile and unstable . 
 she could not continue to let that happen , it would only result in more devastation , and next time she might not be able to stop him . 
 slumping against him , cassie gave herself over to his questing mind . 
 all of her barriers slid away as she allowed him in , letting him see it all . 
 she knew she risked his rage again , but she could n't hurt him anymore . 
 she needed him far too much , and loved him far too much to keep anything from him . 
 let alone something as important as this . 
 he cradled her gently , his hands entwining in her hair , holding her tight to him as her memories , and her terror , enveloped them both . 
 she could feel his shock , his horror , his sorrow as he cradled her tighter , seeking to comfort and soothe her , seeking to try and take her pain from her . 
 his love enveloped her , wrapping around her , easing the torture of her soul as only he could do . 
 she could also feel his pain , the constant struggle he had been going through since she had been taken . 
 she could feel the battle he had waged to keep himself under control enough to find her again . 
 for if he had lost control , he would have destroyed everything in his path . 
 he would have become much like the mindless monsters stalking this town . 
 she could feel the agony that her loss had caused him , the torment that had plagued him endlessly . 
 she could feel his fear about her relationship with julian , a fear that was eased by the taking of her vein . 
 he withdrew from her , his head dropping into the hollow of her neck as she held him tight . 
 his lips were warm against her neck ; his body trembled as he held her close to him . 
 he licked her wounds gently , closing them with the healing agent in his saliva . 
 she shuddered at the feel of him against her skin , at the wonderful touch of his tongue against her . 
 `` i 've warned you repeatedly not to put yourself in my way , '' he whispered , nuzzling her ear gently with his nose and lips . 
 her fingers curled tighter into his back as her knees began to tremble . 
 `` i 'll always put myself in your way , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'll always be here for you . '' 
 his lips moved to her cheek , brushing gentle kisses across her face , her nose , her lips and then back again . 
 `` my cassie , '' he breathed in her ear . 
 `` it 's not your fault what they did to you in there , you did not deserve it . 
 and you are n't in love with him . 
 you were just confused , lost , wounded , and you were brutalized both physically and psychologically . 
 you care for him and he kept you alive and sane , and you love him , but you are not in love with him . '' 
 she burst into tears ; her knees gave out as she fell against him . 
 she had n't realized until then just how much she had needed his forgiveness , his love , his understanding . 
 she had n't realized just how much she had feared her strange feelings for julian , her sudden , binding connection to him . 
 but devon had seen it all , and he had understood it all . 
 and because of his unconditional love , and understanding , she was now able to understand it better too . 
 she also had n't realized just how much she had blamed herself for what had happened in there . 
 she had gone against her own kind by loving devon , and she was abnormal , different from the rest of her kind . 
 she was an abomination , lacking and dangerous in ways that none of the rest of them were . 
 but his forgiveness , his words , helped to ease the torment and self hatred that had lingered in her soul , eating her alive from the inside out . 
 he bent down , sweeping her into his arms as she clung to him , tears streaming down her cheeks . 
 she burrowed her face into the hollow of his neck , unable to face the others at the moment . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said briskly to liam . 
 `` we 're going out back . 
 will you be ok for a little while ? '' 
 she assumed this question was directed at luther as he was the one that answered yes in a slightly strangled voice . 
 devon 's strides were long and purposeful as he carried her past the racks of merchandise and toward the back area where the feed was kept . 
 she watched him silently as he placed her down on a feed bag . 
 he walked around , drawing the blinds and curtains tightly shut , though fragments of light still filtered through the edges . 
 lamps and flashlights had already been gathered and set out in the room . 
 he turned on one of the lamps , its small beam of light cast shadows about the room . 
 grabbing two of the sleeping bags they had stashed back here , he unrolled one and placed it down . 
 finally , he placed the rolled one down as a pillow . 
 he turned back to her , holding his hand out for her . 
 cassie rose slowly , clasping hold of his hand as he pulled the zipper back to let her in . 
 cassie climbed inside , her entire body suddenly aching and tired . 
 her mind was numb as tears continued to roll silently down her cheeks . 
 devon crawled in beside her ; he wrapped his arms around her as he pulled her against him . 
 he rested his cheek against hers as he wiped the tears gently from her face . 
 `` i missed this so much , '' he whispered . 
 `` i missed you . '' 
 she squeezed his hands tight , pressing them against her chest . 
 `` and i missed you , '' she breathed , brushing a light kiss against his nose , his cheeks , and finally softly against his full mouth . 
 `` devon , about julian ... '' `` i do n't want to talk about it right now cassie . 
 i know what happened to you . '' 
 for a moment his voice trailed off , his eyes growing hard and distant . 
 `` i know what they did to you and they will pay for it , and we will talk about it soon . 
 but for tonight , i just want to hold you . 
 i just want to feel you against me . 
 i just need to know that you are with me again , and safe . '' 
 more tears streamed down her face as she smiled brightly at him . 
 `` yes , i would like that very very much . '' 
 his grin was the most beloved , cherished thing she had ever seen . 
 she had missed his smile even more than her own freedom . 
 his eyes sparkled when he smiled , the hard planes of his face softened making him younger and more approachable looking , even with the rough stubble along his jaw . 
 `` you 're exhausted . '' 
 `` yes , '' she agreed softly , stifling a yawn as she nuzzled closer to him , savoring in the wonderfully masculine scent of him . 
 it was familiar and comforting and welcoming . 
 his love enveloped her , wrapping her within a secure cocoon that lulled her into a much needed , dreamless sleep . 
 chapter 5 cassie awoke sometime later , blinking against the sleep that still clung to her . 
 devon 's arm was wrapped loosely around her waist , his breathing even and slow as he slept peacefully . 
 she stared at his slackened face , savoring in his perfect features . 
 she was reaching for him , wanting to wake him when a small snort behind her caught her attention . 
 she turned slightly , a smile quirking her mouth as she caught sight of chris a few feet away , snoring softly . 
 she had spent many many nights of her life listening to his snores . 
 she lay for a few moments , relishing in the warmth of devon and the blessed noise of chris . 
 she watched chris , wishing that he did n't have to be entangled in all of this with them . 
 she wished that she could have kept him safe from it all , but knew that she never could have . 
 birth had trapped them both here , and the cruelty of crazed men , not her . 
 the pressure in her bladder was what eventually got her moving . 
 wiggling the zipper on the sleeping bag down , she gently untangled devon 's arm from her and slid from the bag . 
 she wrapped him tightly back into it , rising slowly to her feet . 
 she winced as pain lanced through her bruised and battered feet , but she hobbled over to the lit lantern , lifting it from the bags of feed . 
 she peered around the room , surprised to note that everyone except liam and julian was asleep in the room , and that the sun had set . 
 frowning , cassie tried to figure out how long she had been asleep , but it was impossible to tell . 
 limping away , she made her way back into the main store , heading for the bathroom they had discovered behind the coolers . 
 she washed her face and hands , and used a small towel to sponge down the rest of her . 
 though she would have killed for a shower , the simple act of washing herself felt wonderful . 
 picking up the small hairbrush someone had left by the sink , she patiently began to unravel the tight knots matting her hair . 
 she bit into her bottom lip , wincing as she diligently worked through the tangles . 
 finally , the brush flowed freely through her hair , leaving it shiny and flowing once more . 
 dark circles still shadowed her eyes , but some of her color had finally returned . 
 sighing softly , she made her way slowly back out of the bathroom and toward the front of the store . 
 `` turn the light down princess , '' julian whispered to her . 
 she jumped slightly in surprise ; she had not seen him amongst the dark and shadows . 
 her hand fumbled with the switch that turned the small electric flame down , leaving it merely a flicker within its plastic casing . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` front window . '' 
 cassie shuffled wearily forward until he came into view . 
 he was standing by the window , leaning against the wall as he watched her from beneath lowered lids . 
 though he had gotten no sleep , he did not appear on the verge of exhaustion . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 she inquired softly . 
 `` about nine . '' 
 `` do n't you think you should get some sleep ? '' 
 he shrugged negligently , the lazy smile she remembered slipped into place . 
 she could n't help but return it . 
 `` i 've become accustomed to someone talking my ear off till i fall asleep from boredom . '' 
 cassie could n't stop herself from laughing softly as she crept steadily closer , grinning brightly at him . 
 `` where is liam ? '' 
 he nodded across the way . 
 cassie turned to find liam sitting in a chair . 
 he was leaning against the wall , his eyes closed , his head tipped back as he slept soundly . 
 she quirked an eyebrow in surprise , trying hard not to laugh . 
 `` he 's a good guard . '' 
 `` i think he 's mainly supposed to be guarding me . '' 
 `` they do n't trust you yet . '' 
 `` no , they do n't . 
 it 's understandable though . '' 
 he shifted slightly , crossing his legs as he peered out the window again . 
 `` they 'll learn to , '' she said softly , placing the lantern on one of the shelves as she hobbled closer to him . 
 `` if you say so princess . '' 
 `` i do . 
 has there been anything out there ? '' 
 he glanced back at her , his strange eyes oddly aglow in the flickering light of the lantern . 
 the white blue band encircling his irises seemed to glow . 
 the darker , brighter blue of them shone as he watched her move toward him . 
 `` a few of those things skittered across the road about an hour ago , but i have n't seen anything since . '' 
 cassie nodded , biting nervously on her bottom lip as she joined him by the windows . 
 `` there might be others that survived whatever happened down there . '' 
 `` there probably are , but if i find them they wo n't be alive for long . '' 
 `` julian ... '' he turned back to her , his eyes flashing briefly red in the light . 
 `` i 'll stay here with these people , and i wo n't hurt them because of you . 
 i may even stop killing , when we get out of this town , if it will make you happy . 
 but if i come across those bastards that put us in that hell hole i will kill them . 
 they do not deserve to live , '' he growled . 
 cassie 's lips parted at his words . 
 it was not the fact that he planned to destroy the people that had tortured them that surprised her , but the fact that he would stop killing for her . 
 `` you would really stop killing ? '' 
 she breathed . 
 he stared at her for a long moment , confusion and hurt flickered briefly through his eyes . 
 `` i would do anything for you cassie . '' 
 she inhaled sharply , tears burned her eyes . 
 she ached for his unhappiness . 
 `` julian ... '' he held a hand up , shaking his head . 
 `` i know cassie . 
 i 've always known that you would choose him , that he was where your heart belonged . 
 it does n't mean that my feelings for you will change though . '' 
 cassie managed a small nod , her gaze darted behind him to the covered window . 
 `` i never meant to hurt you . '' 
 he quirked an eyebrow , the familiar amusement played over his features again . 
 `` do n't get ahead of yourself there princess . '' 
 `` do n't call me princess , '' she responded automatically . 
 he grinned at her , flashing his perfect white teeth . 
 `` your wish is my command . '' 
 `` that 's even more annoying . '' 
 he laughed softly , a small rumbling sound that reverberated through his chest and warmed her to the tips of her toes . 
 she was immensely relieved that he still wanted to speak with her , that he did not hate her , and that he could stay her friend . 
 `` thank you julian . '' 
 he frowned at her , shifting uncomfortably . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 he demanded gruffly . 
 she smiled over his discomfit , taking some pleasure in aggravating him as much as he liked to aggravate her . 
 `` for keeping me sane , for being there for me , for being my friend . '' 
 he scowled at her for a moment before turning his attention back to the window . 
 `` and for not ripping my throat out the first chance you had . '' 
 he laughed softly as he turned back to her . 
 `` well , the night is still young . '' 
 cassie grinned at him , moving closer to lean against the wall on the other side of the window . 
 she moved the curtain aside to peer out at the dark street . 
 nothing moved but the street lights , apparently on a timer , had come on . 
 their light cast shadows across the road , it spilled into the darkly lit woods . 
 `` thank you also cassie . '' 
 she poked her head back out from behind the curtain to look at him . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 he grinned at her , wiggling his eyebrows comically . 
 `` for keeping me sane , for being my friend . 
 for making dani come back for me . '' 
 she looked at him surprise . 
 `` how did you know about that ? '' 
 he shook his head as he rolled his eyes . 
 `` blondes , '' he muttered , though he smiled kindly at her . 
 `` you and dani did have to touch me to help get me out of there . '' 
 `` oh , '' she said dully , a small flush staining her cheeks . 
 `` then you already knew everything that dani told us about what was going on in there , and what they wanted with us before we got here . 
 why would you threaten to take the knowledge out of her forcefully ? '' 
 he shook his head , his hand clenching slightly on the curtain . 
 `` i did n't already know what she knew . 
 i ca n't read two people at once , it 's too overwhelming . 
 and since i ca n't stand that bitch , i concentrated on you instead . 
 you also kept hold of me for a lot longer than she did . '' 
 cassie nodded slowly as she digested this information . 
 `` i see . '' 
 he was silent for a moment , his eyes dark and distant . 
 `` i 'm not sure i can promise anything when it comes to her either . '' 
 `` she got us out of there , '' she reminded him . 
 `` she helped to put us in there , '' he retorted . 
 cassie was silent for a moment , torn between her desire to get even with dani for her actions , and her desire not to see her hurt . 
 at one time she had thought of dani as a little sister , she had cared for her , and she had been betrayed because of that trust . 
 but she still could not bring herself to let the girl get hurt . 
 `` no julian , dani will get hers in the end , but we wo n't be the ones to give it to her . 
 besides , we may need her still . '' 
 he grunted softly as he folded his arms over his chest , looking completely disgruntled by her answer . 
 `` are we staying here all night ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` that 's the plan . '' 
 `` if you want to get some sleep , i 'll keep watch for awhile . '' 
 he shook his head , leaning against the wall again . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 cassie nodded , resting her head against the wall as she studied the street . 
 though they had spent every night in their cells talking endlessly , they both remained quiet while on watch . 
 the moon moved across the snow , its light illuminated the street even more . 
 cassie shifted slightly , she pulled on the edges of the over large sweatshirt she had found in the back , along with a pair of work jeans . 
 `` did you know they were giving me your blood ? '' 
 she asked softly after awhile . 
 julian tore his attention away from the window . 
 `` i suspected , '' he admitted . 
 she gaped at him for a moment . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 he shook his head , his platinum hair falling across his forehead . 
 `` you had enough to worry about in there without me adding to it , especially when i was n't certain . '' 
 she bit on her bottom lip , turning back to the window . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` the discoloration in your arm , it 's what happens when vampire blood is introduced into the human system . '' 
 `` i 'm not human . '' 
 `` you 're more human than not . '' 
 `` i could n't have said it better myself . '' 
 cassie jumped slightly , turning in surprise as devon emerged from the darkness . 
 he strode purposely forward , the shadows hugging his powerful frame . 
 her mouth went dry , her heart thumped loudly at the sight of him . 
 he was the most magnificent thing she had ever seen , and he was hers . 
 she glanced swiftly away , her eyes focusing on the floor as she tried to get her body under control . 
 julian may understand where she belonged , but she did n't want to rub her relationship with devon in his face . 
 devon 's arms encircled her , wrapping around her waist as he pulled her against his chest . 
 he stared hard at julian for a moment before bending to drop a gentle kiss on top of her head . 
 apparently he did n't care what julian thought , or how it affected him . 
 `` you should be asleep . '' 
 `` i slept all day , '' she reminded him . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 he nuzzled her gently for a moment before pulling slightly away . 
 `` has there been anything out there ? '' 
 `` not in a long time , '' julian answered . 
 devon turned toward him , his hands tightened on cassie 's waist for a moment . 
 she could feel the tension humming through him as he watched julian . 
 devon was still uncertain what to make of him , uncertain how to handle this change in events , or if he should trust him . 
 cassie wanted to tell him once again that he could trust julian now , but devon had to come about this in his own way , on his own terms . 
 they had once been good friends ; she hoped that they could get that friendship back . 
 minus the murder , destruction , and women that had once bonded them , of course . 
 cassie shifted slightly acutely aware of the fact that she was now surrounded by two of the most powerful men on the planet . 
 men that could destroy each other if she was n't careful . 
 sensing her distress , devon pressed tighter against her , gently rubbing her back as he tried to soothe her . 
 `` you can get some sleep if you want , '' he said to julian . 
 julian shook his head , crossing his arms over his broad chest . 
 `` i 'm good . '' 
 cassie turned back to the window , pulling the curtain aside . 
 devon leaned over top of her , his chin resting on her head . 
 `` how long are we going to stay here for ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` we 'll gather things tomorrow , leave tomorrow night , '' devon answered . 
 cassie shifted uncomfortably , hating the idea of being cooped up in here for that long . 
 `` why so long ? '' 
 `` everyone needs a rest , including you . '' 
 she chose to ignore the censure in his words , and julian 's soft chuckle . 
 she wanted them to be friends she did n't want them gaining up on her though . 
 `` plus , we need to formulate a plan , and exhausted overwhelmed people do not think well . '' 
 `` the same with vampires , '' she retorted . 
 she felt his smile as he rested his cheek against her hair . 
 `` yes , and vampires . '' 
 cassie leaned into him , savoring in his strength . 
 she was never going to leave his side again , it did n't matter if he thought it would be best for her , she would not do it . 
 `` you ca n't send me away again , '' she said softly . 
 `` even if it is for my own good . '' 
 he body tensed against hers . 
 `` i wo n't , '' he promised . 
 `` ever . '' 
 `` ever . '' 
 she turned slightly toward him , searching his intense emerald eyes . 
 she saw the sincerity in his gaze , read the determination in the hard lines of his face . 
 `` good . '' 
 he smiled wanly at her , kissing the tip of her nose . 
 cassie grinned back at him , wishing that she could kiss him for much longer than that , but knowing that she could n't . 
 her gaze darted to julian , a momentary wave of guilt crashed over her . 
 whenever she was around devon , she forgot all sense of reason , and everything around her . 
 including julian . 
 and although his face remained impassive , she could sense the strain in his body . 
 the last thing in the world she wanted was to hurt him further . 
 she turned slowly back to the window , guilt eating at her . 
 devon rubbed her back gently as he leaned around her to pull the curtain back further . 
 `` where are they all ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 `` somewhere up to no good , '' julian answered . 
 they continued to watch the road , the moon moving over the horizon as an hour slipped past . 
 cassie 's feet began to ache ; her back grew sore from standing for so long . 
 she leaned harder against devon , needing to ease some of the pressure on her already wounded feet . 
 `` want me to get you a chair ? '' 
 she shook her head , not wanting to move out of his arms for even a moment . 
 she was opening her mouth to speak when devon stiffened against her , just as julian 's head whipped to the right . 
 cassie tensed in anticipation , leaning forward to pull the curtain back further . 
 devon seized hold of her hand , stopping it in mid air . 
 `` do n't move , '' he hissed . 
 cassie froze , her heart thumped loudly , her breath froze in her lungs . 
 julian and devon were as still as stone , their eyes focused outside . 
 cassie was afraid to speak , but she was dying to know what was going on . 
 devon released the curtain slowly , pulling it back into place with barely any movement . 
 he pulled her back a step , his arms tightening around her . 
 then she heard it . 
 the breath exploded from her as her heart leapt wildly in her chest . 
 all three of their heads tilted back as a scurrying noise rattled across the roof , coming from the back to the front . 
 it paused halfway across the roof . 
 she waited tensely , adrenaline coursing through her as she waited to see what the thing was up to , what it was going to do . 
 a loud crash echoed from above , it reverberated through the room . 
 cassie jumped in shock , liam jolted awake his eyes were wide as he searched the darkness wildly . 
 the lantern she had set on the shelf vibrated toward the edge , tilting precariously . 
 julian moved silently and swiftly , catching hold of it before it clattered to the floor . 
 cassie stared at him in wide eyed amazement as he settled it on the floor . 
 another crash reverberated through the building , causing cassie 's breath to hitch in her chest . 
 the windows shook loudly . 
 devon 's arm tightened upon her , pulling her back another small step as the scurrying resumed toward the front of the building . 
 he glanced sharply at julian , nodding toward the back . 
 julian moved as silently as a wraith toward the back of the store . 
 liam took a step toward them , his hands fisting as his gaze remained focused on the roof . 
 another loud bang echoed from the back of the store . 
 cassie jumped as devon pulled her back another step . 
 `` move slowly , '' devon whispered in her ear , his voice just barely audible , even to her . 
 the three of them crept toward the back as something scurried loudly over the roof again . 
 a series of loud grunts and shouts echoed forth . 
 though they had once been human , cassie could not help but see the creatures as anything more than apelike monsters now . 
 she hated herself for it , but she knew that she was going to have to keep that attitude if she was going to be of any use against them . 
 they finally reached the back room . 
 liam hurried to annabelle 's side , wrapping her in his arms . 
 everyone was awake and on their feet , staring up at the ceiling as another thumping crash shook the building . 
 `` do they know we 're here chris ? '' 
 cassie asked softly . 
 he shook his head , his eyes dark and troubled , his face pinched in concentration . 
 `` there 's no reason to them , '' he whispered . 
 `` there 's nothing but confusion and hunger and destruction . 
 i can not tell what they do and do not know , or what they want , other than blood . '' 
 a shiver worked through her at his words , her mouth parted slightly as she glanced wildly around the room . 
 she wanted to bolt out of there , yet she remained frozen , her legs unwilling to move . 
 julian emerged from the shadows , four crossbows tucked under his arm . 
 cassie reluctantly pulled away from devon as he handed each of them one and tossed the other to liam . 
 `` do not hesitate , '' julian hissed to her . 
 she frowned fiercely back at him . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow questioningly at her , his eyes pointed and harsh . 
 cassie swallowed heavily . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 he nodded briskly before turning away , moving to stand by the doorway to the main room . 
 devon squeezed her arm gently before taking a stance opposite julian . 
 another loud thud rattled the building . 
 cassie glanced sharply up as one of the things began to jump up and down on the roof , its loud squeals echoed throughout the building . 
 cassie winced against the harsh sound , wishing she could cover her ears against the strange animalistic noises , but the crossbow stopped her from doing so . 
 another loud thump rattled the windows . 
 there were four of them on the roof now , with no way of knowing how many more might come . 
 straightening her shoulders , cassie held the crossbow tightly with both hands as she moved toward the back windows . 
 she heard devon 's soft hiss of displeasure , but she did not stop . 
 pausing at one of the windows , she slowly pulled back the curtain . 
 the night beyond was dark , but it took only moments for her eyes to adjust . 
 she could see nothing in the back yard , nothing moved amongst the mangled corpses of animals . 
 a shadow suddenly jumped from overhead and another bang echoed throughout . 
 though it had startled her , cassie did not move , did not even flinch . 
 to do so very well might have meant the death of all of them . 
 ever so slowly she dropped the curtain and backed away from the window . 
 she crept to the middle of the room . 
 `` they 're coming from the roof of the bank , '' she whispered , pointing toward the building next to theirs . 
 devon and julian turned toward the bank , staring at the wall as if they could magically see through it . 
 they stood silently for a long time , tense in anticipation as they waited to see what would happen . 
 the noises and thumps continued , the grunts and squeals grew louder and more frantic before dying down . 
 two more thumps hit the roof , causing everyone to flinch in anticipatory response . 
 after about an hour the shouts died down , and the noises drifted away . 
 cassie slowly began to relax , her shoulders eased but the muscles in them remained stiff and aching . 
 she unfolded her hands from their tight grip on the crossbow , stretching them out in an attempt to get the cramps out of them . 
 she gave chris a grateful smile as he took the bow from her . 
 devon propped his crossbow against the wall , his attention still focused upon the ceiling . 
 `` where did they go ? '' 
 melissa asked softly . 
 `` they 're hunting , '' julian answered , propping his crossbow on his shoulder . 
 `` and the food supply is getting scarce , so they 're going back through the areas where they have found food before . '' 
 `` why did n't they come in here ? '' 
 cassie asked quietly . 
 `` because they 've never come in here ; the place is in too good of shape for that to have happened . 
 next time they come back , they 'll come in . 
 they 'll start to tear this town apart before they spread out of it , '' devon answered . 
 cassie inhaled sharply , chris slid his hand into hers , squeezing it tightly . 
 relief washed through her as she clung to him , chris had been distant ever since they had found her . 
 but now , for the first time , she actually felt as if she had her friend back . 
 he smiled wanly down at her , his hand briefly tightened around hers as he turned back to julian and devon . 
 julian was watching them intently , an odd express on his face . 
 he turned slowly toward devon , his shoulders tight as if he were prepared for battle . 
 but if he was expecting one from devon , he would not get it . 
 not when it came to chris anyway , devon understood and accepted their tight bond . 
 in fact , he had become exceptionally close to chris before cassie had been taken , she did n't know what their friendship was like now , but she suspected that it had not changed much . 
 julian looked confused , dazed as his attention focused on her again . 
 she offered him a wan smile , wishing that she could give him more , but knowing that this was all stuff he would have to figure out on his own . 
 `` why have n't they spread out yet , if their food supply is low ? '' 
 chris inquired . 
 `` because , no matter what they are now , this town is still their home . 
 they may not remember what they had here , or maybe they do , but this place is still safe to them , reassuring on some level , '' devon answered . 
 cassie swallowed heavily ; pity for the creatures swarmed her . 
 she fought it rapidly back , she could n't have pity here . 
 they would attack her , and if she hesitated because she sympathized with them , they would kill her . 
 no there could be no pity here , there could be no thought about what the creatures had once been . 
 because they were no longer those people . 
 `` we ca n't let them out of this town , '' luther said fiercely . 
 `` no , we ca n't . '' 
 `` we need to get out of here , '' melissa whispered . 
 `` and go where ? 
 we ca n't leave this town until all of those things are dead . 
 if they get out of this town all hell is going to break lose , they 'll destroy anything they come in contact with . 
 we need to formulate a plan , we need to draw them out , and we need more weapons , '' devon told her . 
 `` we also need to fortify this place , '' julian said . 
 `` get some boards on these windows . 
 i do n't think those things have enough reason left in them to realize that the windows will be boarded up when they come back . 
 and we need weapons , and blood . '' 
 he looked pointedly at devon before glancing sharply at cassie . 
 `` unless you want to keep draining her . '' 
 devon 's eyes narrowed , his hands fisted , a muscle jumped in his cheek as he grit his teeth tightly together . 
 `` watch it , '' he growled . 
 julian 's face remained impassive , his arms crossed over his chest as he leaned against the doorway . 
 `` ok , so we need to figure out how to get those things , '' cassie said quickly , hating the tension between them . 
 `` yeah , because that 's an easy list , '' chris retorted . 
 `` not helping , '' she hissed at him . 
 he shot her a rueful look as he shrugged his shoulders . 
 his shaggy blond hair fell into one of his bright sapphire eyes . 
 `` i know where we can find weapons and blood , '' dani said softly , her voice oddly choked . 
 cassie turned toward her . 
 she was standing off to the side , a haunted look in her eyes as she stared at them . 
 `` where ? '' 
 luther demanded . 
 dani licked her lips as she nervously began to ring her hands again . 
 `` in the compound . 
 there is plenty of blood , and a room full of weapons . '' 
 cassie inhaled sharply , feeling as if she had just been kicked in the gut . 
 there was a moment of stunned silence before julian cursed loudly , spun on his heel , and disappeared into the dark store . 
 cassie stared after him , knowing exactly how he felt . 
 she knew all he wanted to do was destroy something , but unfortunately , they could n't make any noise with those things around . 
 the last thing that either one of them wanted was to go back into that hell hole . 
 but it seemed they were n't going to have a choice in the matter . 
 chris squeezed her hand gently , holding tight to her as her skin began to crawl . 
 chapter 6 `` you do n't have to do this . '' 
 cassie glanced up at chris , shaking her head slightly as she stared at the ominous school . 
 her stomach cramped tightly at the mere thought of entering it . 
 shifting , she tossed the crossbow higher up on her shoulder , clinging to the strap . 
 `` i 'm not letting you guys go in there alone , '' she whispered . 
 `` we 're not alone . '' 
 she glanced over at devon and julian ; their heads were bent close together as they talked softly . 
 at least they were being cooperative , and getting along with each other about going in there . 
 devon had done everything short of tying her up to keep her from coming with them , but she was here , and she had no intention of leaving . 
 dani stood slightly off to the side , her arms wrapped around her to ward off the chill . 
 though this had been dani 's idea , she had not wanted to go back into the school . 
 however , she was the only one that knew where the weapons and blood were , the only one that knew her way around the compound . 
 `` cassie , '' chris said softly . 
 she glanced sharply up at him , shaking her head firmly . 
 `` it 's too late anyway , i 'm already here and i 'm not going back alone . '' 
 `` one of us can take you back . '' 
 `` no , i 'm going in there with you . '' 
 he sighed loudly , shaking his head at her . 
 `` fine . '' 
 devon and julian stopped conferring ; their attention came back to the rest of them . 
 `` ok , julian is going to take the lead with dani behind him , then chris , cassie , and me . '' 
 devon 's eyes were hard as they met hers . 
 she nodded slowly , hating the tension and anger in him , hating the fact that she knew it was because of her , but she could n't let them do this alone . 
 she was one of the strongest fighters , they may need her in there , and if something happened to any of them she would never forgive herself if she had n't been there to help . 
 `` come on , '' julian said coldly , his eyes bright in the light of the moon as he glanced disapprovingly at her . 
 he had n't wanted her here either , but in the end it had n't been his decision to make . 
 cassie bit nervously on her bottom lip , trying to calm her fear and panic at the thought of going back in there . 
 at the thought of being trapped within the bowels of that hell once more . 
 devon came slowly toward her , his jaw clenched tight as he held her back for a moment . 
 `` you are to stay close to me , '' he ordered gruffly . 
 cassie nodded , wrapping her hand gently around his . 
 `` i will , '' she promised . 
 he studied her for a moment , and then shook his head . 
 `` you should have stayed with the others . '' 
 she squeezed his hand . 
 it had been decided that it was better if they separated . 
 if something happened to them down there , liam , annabelle , luther , and melissa would be needed to make sure that the monsters did not spread out of this town . 
 they would be needed to try and stop the flow of evil slowly seeping out from this school , and this town . 
 `` i 'll be fine , but i could n't stay with them devon , and you know that . '' 
 he nodded briskly , his hand gently caressing hers before he released her . 
 cassie fell into line behind chris . 
 she struggled to keep herself calm and steady as they moved toward the school , she knew that devon would have no problem with taking her back if he felt that she was too distressed to go on . 
 julian held the other crossbow tightly , his hair a bright beacon in the light of the moon that spilled across them . 
 the moon 's beam ran over the snow in a bright path that led straight to the double doors of the school . 
 though it should have looked pretty , and inspiring , it was gloomy and threatening to her . 
 behind him , dani kept her head bowed , her shoulders hunched up in her jacket . 
 she carried no weapons , as none of them trusted her with them . 
 chris was carrying another crossbow at the ready ; his eyes wildly searched the open landscape of the school grounds . 
 they were vulnerable out here . 
 there was nowhere to hide once they stepped out of the woods , no way to keep themselves out of sight if there were any creatures around . 
 devon stepped closer to her , his chest pressed lightly against her back as they moved slowly forward . 
 she caught a glimpse of the gun he held . 
 they had found the gun amidst the tangled remains of the shattered countertop . 
 it must have been hidden in the shelves , or the register . 
 though it may not kill the monsters , it would help to slow them down . 
 julian reached the doors , pulling them slowly open . 
 dani shuddered , taking a small step back as julian clicked on his flashlight , directing the beam inside . 
 `` move , '' chris said softly , pushing dani slightly forward . 
 they crept inside , slipping into the darkness of the school . 
 though she fought against it , cassie could not stop the shudder of dread that tore through her . 
 devon rested his hand lightly on her shoulder , trying to comfort her , but she could find no comfort in this place . 
 julian flashed the light over the dark halls , its beam bounced off of the concrete walls . 
 cassie pressed tighter to devon as the beam revealed large streaks of blood running down the walls . 
 julian hissed softly , his shoulders tightened as he tore his attention away from the blood soaked walls . 
 cassie could feel the hunger pulsating off of him , the desire to feed . 
 `` julian , '' she said softly . 
 he held up a hand , shaking his head . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he muttered , focusing the beam on the wall that was not covered in blood . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 dani inhaled shakily , pointing ahead of julian . 
 `` straight ahead , '' she whispered . 
 they moved swiftly down the hall , the only sound the occasional soft squeak of someone 's shoe on the linoleum . 
 dani led them down another hallway , turning sharply to the right . 
 `` here . '' 
 cassie recognized the doors they had escaped from , the doors that had also helped to keep them captive . 
 a sign on them read , ` basement , authorized personal only . ' 
 swallowing heavily , she pressed tighter against devon , needing his comfort right now . 
 the right door had been ripped from two of its hinges ; it hung at an awkward angle , the bottom hinge the only thing keeping it attached to the wall . 
 julian moved swiftly through the ruined remains . 
 cassie remained frozen for a moment , stiff as she stared at the ruined door , trying hard to fight off the rush of memories that threatened to consume her . 
 `` you do n't have to go , '' devon murmured in her ear . 
 she remained where she was for a moment , extremely tempted by the prospect of not having to return to those shadowed , dark depths of horror . 
 but she could not back out of this , she had to face it . 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 chris glanced back at her as he moved through the double doors . 
 cassie followed slowly behind , keeping her gaze focused upon chris 's back , refusing to look around and take in her surroundings . 
 she was greatly afraid she would flee screaming if she allowed herself to take in too much , or to think about it . 
 she did n't bother to count the floors as they wound steadily lower . 
 julian reached the next set of double doors . 
 they were both firmly intact , but julian reached forward and pulled them easily open . 
 a shudder of dread ran down cassie 's spine , she clearly recalled dani locking those doors behind them . 
 how had they gotten unlocked ? 
 and why were these doors still intact , while the ones above had been ruined ? 
 it did n't matter why the doors were the way they were , she realized . 
 all that mattered was that it was apparent that more of the creatures had escaped after them . 
 cassie 's hands fisted , the crossbow dug tighter into her palm . 
 closing her eyes , she took a deep breath and slowly swung it off of her shoulder , grasping it firmly in preparation for an attack . 
 `` get us to those rooms as quickly as you can , '' julian growled at dani . 
 she nodded as they moved swiftly through the doors , sweeping into the hallway . 
 cassie did n't stop to think about it before she stepped into the hall . 
 the smell hit her instantly , causing her stomach to flip , and an involuntary gag to escape her . 
 dani doubled over , her hand over her mouth as she tried not to vomit . 
 chris took a quick step back ; his hand was over his mouth and nose as he turned three shades of green . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 cassie gasped , instantly wishing that she had n't opened her mouth because now she could also taste the foul odor . 
 `` death , '' julian answered . 
 cassie 's stomach rolled again and it took every ounce of willpower she had not to vomit . 
 dani retched harder , her vomit splattered across the floor . 
 cassie turned away , pulling her shirt over her nose before she threw up everywhere too . 
 though it blocked the smell a little , it did n't help much . 
 devon reached around her , placing his hand gently over her face , covering her nose with his jacket . 
 she inhaled deeply , savoring in the enticing , wonderful smell of him that helped to block out the stench of the halls . 
 she smiled thankfully at him . 
 he watched her intently , his gaze searching as he pulled her tighter against him , keeping his hand firmly in place . 
 he and julian seemed not to be affected by the scent , but then again , they had probably smelled it many times before . 
 they had probably caused it many times before . 
 she shuddered at the thought , and swiftly tried to shove it aside . 
 she turned her attention back to the dimly lit hallway . 
 the emergency lights had still been flashing when they 'd fled , but now there were only dim , sickly yellow lights lining the long hallway . 
 `` why are the lights on ? '' 
 julian demanded in a harsh hiss . 
 dani straightened , wiping her mouth with the sleeve of her coat . 
 she glanced quickly around , placing her hand over her mouth as she studied the lights . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it must be a safety thing . 
 these are n't the normal lights . '' 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 dani shook her head ; her skin grew paler as she began to sweat . 
 `` i do n't think i can take this smell . '' 
 julian glared fiercely at her , his eyes briefly flashed red . 
 `` too bad . 
 you helped create it , now you have to deal with it , '' cassie frowned over his harsh words , but did n't protest them . 
 `` now , where do we go ? '' 
 dani stared at him for a moment , trembling slightly as sweat continued to pour down her face . 
 finally , she lifted a shaking arm to point straight down the hall . 
 julian turned quickly away , striding rapidly away . 
 they followed silently behind , hurrying to keep up as dani pointed him down another hall . 
 cassie kept expecting to come across the source of the smell , but the halls remained clear of any blood , or human remains . 
 but then again , they had been clear during their escape also . 
 she knew they would not remain that way though , the horrible stench told her that much . 
 they made another right ; cassie became painfully aware of where they were within the compound now . 
 her step faltered slightly , her hand tightened upon devon 's over her nose . 
 memories roared to life , threatening to swamp her within their painful depths as stared silently into the room that she had been held captive in . 
 across the way she could see the window that she and julian had spoken through , the window that had helped to keep her alive . 
 she looked to julian , hating the helpless feeling that swamped her once more . 
 his eyes were hard as he stared into the room , his jaw locked tight . 
 he turned slowly toward her , the force of his gaze burning into her , the struggle for control evident in the hard lines of his face . 
 she could see his memories and hatred for this place burning fiercely in his eyes . 
 devon moved closer to her , pressing his hand tighter to her as he leaned over her to look into the room . 
 he stepped slightly into the doorway , glancing rapidly around before turning his attention back to her . 
 she lowered her gaze from his , unable to meet it as unreasonable shame and terror flooded her . 
 though she tried hard to fight against it , memories of her and julian 's torment assaulted her . 
 pulling her against him , devon wrapped his arms tighter around her , his hand wrapped through her hair as he cradled her head . 
 cassie burrowed against him , trying hard to keep a firm hold on herself as she stared into the tiny cell that had been her home . 
 chris was watching her intently , a sad look in his caring eyes . 
 cassie hugged devon harder , closing her eyes as she savored in his hard strength . 
 he kissed her forehead roughly , pressing his lips against her for a long moment . 
 a shudder ran through him , his hands tightened upon her . 
 cassie could sense the unraveling control and anger suffusing him . 
 `` you will never know anything like this again , '' he vowed in a harsh whisper . 
 she nodded as she took a deep breath . 
 gathering her courage , she hugged him again and stepped away . 
 they had to get out of here before she unraveled completely , or before any remaining creature 's lurking within this place discovered their presence . 
 devon placed his hand gently over her mouth again , holding her firmly as they moved further down the hall . 
 *** devon 's senses were on high alert as they continued to make their way rapidly along , searching for any hint of danger . 
 he would not allow anything bad to happen to cassie again while they were down here . 
 he would not allow anything bad to happen to her ever again , he would die first . 
 anger coursed through him as he recalled that sterile little cell she had been held captive in , imprisoned in , tortured in . 
 he did n't want to think about the misery these people had caused her . 
 that dani had caused her . 
 he glanced sharply at the small girl , fighting the urge to rip her traitorous throat out as they turned another corner . 
 he knew that it was not entirely dani that had his killer instincts so aroused , or what had been done to cassie , but also the harsh scent of death in the air . 
 it was both enticing and repulsive . 
 the demon in him was thrilled and excited by the mayhem and destruction that had gone on here . 
 the man was completely repulsed by it . 
 he pulled cassie closer , savoring in her sweet scent as he nuzzled her hair gently . 
 he drew on the strength that she always brought to him as he tried to suppress the thrumming bloodlust inside him . 
 he could still smell something off in her blood , and knew now that it was more than just the drugs they had pumped into her , but also julian 's blood inside of her . 
 devon shuddered at the reminder , trying to keep himself under control as he searched past the strange scent inside of her to find her own wonderfully sweet smell thrumming just beneath the surface . 
 her heart was swiftly beginning to filter out the awful remnants lingering within her . 
 julian stopped suddenly , his eyes widened , and his hands fisted as he glared into another room . 
 devon was certain they had come across julian 's cell , but when cassie began to tremble too he knew that it was something more . 
 chris 's eyes widened , his mouth dropped as he gaped into the darkness . 
 the color drained from his face as he turned slowly back to cassie , horror , sympathy , disgust , and pain was etched onto his youthful features . 
 devon 's chest clenched ; whatever they had come across had to be totally awful judging by the look on chris 's face . 
 devon stepped slowly forward , trying to block cassie 's view of the room as he peered into the darkness . 
 he noticed the table first , the straps hanging off the bottom , side , and top of it . 
 straps that would be used to hold down a person 's feet , wrists , and head . 
 straps that were extremely thick and painful looking , straps that he knew had been used to keep julian and cassie pinned to that table . 
 then he noticed the thing hanging from the ceiling like some twisted electronic snake . 
 there were electrodes dangling from a thick metal rod . 
 devon had never seen anything like it before , but it was apparent that it was an electrical conductor of some sort . 
 a conductor designed to send a vast amount of electricity into a person , or vampire . 
 designed to send a vast amount of electricity into cassie . 
 when he had fed from her , he had glimpsed part of what she had gone through in here , seen some of her pain and suffering , and fear and loss . 
 he had understood the depth and purity of her feelings for julian , understood her trust and love of him , even though she had n't . 
 he had seen so many things , but he had never truly seen the full amount of torture that they had put her through . 
 never fully glimpsed the torment she had suffered at the hands of these monsters . 
 and he would kill them for it . 
 rage burned hotly through him , searing his veins , it throbbed painfully in his skin . 
 he would destroy every one of the people that had harmed her in here . 
 he turned slowly toward dani , his rage escalating higher as he glared fiercely at the girl , wanting nothing more than to rip her to shreds with his bare hands . 
 seeming to sense his murderous intent , cassie touched his arm lightly , drawing his attention back to her . 
 she had lost all color in her face , and she was shaking like a leaf , but she was still seeking to comfort him . 
 she was frozen in place , her eyes dark and haunted , her lips nearly as pale as her skin as she pulled his hand slowly away from her mouth . 
 he moved to block the smell from her again , but she moved subtly away , her terrified gaze locking on his . 
 he could sense her composure slipping , sense her weakening grip on control , and if he touched her , he would be her undoing . 
 he dropped his arm back to his side as cassie turned away from him , her gaze clashing with dani 's . 
 he could feel the fierce blaze of rage that surged up through her , sense the hatred that swelled forth but she buried it swiftly , biting on her bottom lip as she tried to stay in control . 
 devon knew exactly how she felt . 
 `` keep going julian , '' devon hissed . 
 julian 's gaze was also focused on dani , his eyes a deadly shade of red as he fought the urge to kill her . 
 his gaze came slowly back to devon , his lips pulled back slightly from his fangs . 
 `` go julian . '' 
 julian hesitated for a moment , torn between destroying dani and moving on . 
 devon stared fiercely at him , willing him to continue . 
 the anger and rage was much too high in this small hall . 
 there was a good possibility that dani would not make it out alive , or that devon and julian would end up in a fight , if only to purge some of the emotions running through them . 
 `` do n't julian , '' cassie whispered shakily . 
 devon moved closer to her as julian 's gaze spun in her direction . 
 devon tensed , prepared to destroy julian if he attacked cassie , though he was no longer certain that he wanted julian dead . 
 they had once been best friends ; brutal coldblooded killers yes , but also friends . 
 well as good of friends as monsters like them could have been anyway . 
 yet julian had somehow managed to move on from that monster , as devon himself had . 
 julian had learned to care about cassie enough to get her , and himself , out of here alive . 
 julian had learned to care about her enough to keep her sane and hopeful in a world of misery , loneliness , and torture . 
 julian had learned to care about someone more than he cared about himself , something that devon never thought julian would be capable of . 
 though devon hated the fact that julian fancied himself in love with cassie , he was also grateful to julian for everything he had done for her . 
 julian closed his eyes and nodded sharply to cassie before spinning on his heel and heading back down the long hallway . 
 cassie kept her gaze focused on chris as they followed silently behind . 
 dani gasped loudly , taking a stumbling step back into chris as they turned another corner . 
 devon knew that they had finally come upon some of the carnage they had smelled . 
 cassie straightened her shoulders , bracing herself as chris pushed dani roughly forward again . 
 cassie reached back for him , seizing hold of his hand as they turned the corner . 
 devon steadied himself as excitement and disgust tore through him in equal waves . 
 blood splattered the hallway , mutilated bodies littered the floor . 
 though he had committed some awful atrocities in his life , he had never seen the destruction of the human body quite like this before . 
 cassie 's hand trembled in his ; her lower lip began to quiver . 
 the sight of her horror and misery helped him to gain even more control of his baser instincts . 
 she needed his protection and comfort now , she could never know about the excitement tingling through him . 
 she would be repulsed by him if she did , and that was something that he never wanted to have happen . 
 `` do n't look , '' he whispered , leaning closer to her . 
 he wanted to cover her eyes with his hand , but he knew that she would not appreciate it . 
 she closed her eyes , her hand squeezing tighter around his as he helped to guide her through the mutilated bodies . 
 blood streaked the floor and covered the walls . 
 the smell of it was metallic and wonderful . 
 though cassie helped him to keep control of himself , julian was on his own . 
 julian had only had a few small rats to eat today , and he did not have cassie in his arms to help keep him grounded and calmer . 
 devon began to fear that julian might not make it back out of this . 
 there was only so much a vampire could take , and julian had only recently stopped killing . 
 this might be far too much of a test of his willpower and control , and julian may not even decide to stay not killing . 
 he may go back to it when all of this was over , and cassie was at devon 's side . 
 and devon could not blame julian if he did ; devon knew he would instantly return to killing if he ever lost her completely . 
 though devon would not blame julian for returning , he could n't take the chance of julian snapping in here . 
 he would hurt people if he did , he could hurt cassie if he did . 
 devon moved to stand beside cassie , drawing her tight against him as he put her slightly behind him . 
 he had not wanted her in the back , but he definitely did n't want her close to julian right now , and he wanted to be closer to chris in order to get him out of the way if the need arose . 
 dani was on her own against julian . 
 they moved into another hall , this one just as littered with bodies , but housing even more destruction . 
 it appeared to be the hall where the uprising had started . 
 doors littered the floor , shattered glass cracked and splintered beneath their feet . 
 they picked their way carefully through the debris , avoiding shards of wood and metal . 
 devon held cassie close to his side as he steered her through it , keeping her face buried against him . 
 `` how much further ? '' 
 julian growled , glancing fiercely back at dani . 
 `` not much , '' she answered shakily . 
 they rounded another corner , coming across more destruction before slipping into a hall that was strangely empty of all debris . 
 devon pulled cassie gently out of his side ; she glanced swiftly around , relief causing her shoulders to slump . 
 `` here , '' dani said softly . 
 she pulled the keys from her pocket , her hands trembling as she tried to slide the key into the hole . 
 dani jumped nervously back as they slipped from her fingers and clattered upon the floor . 
 she glanced wildly at the group before bending and swiftly scooping them back up . 
 she struggled to find the right one again and get it in the hole . 
 julian cursed violently , snatching the keys from her hand when his patience finally snapped . 
 he shoved himself in front of her , slipping the key into the hole . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 chris cried loudly his face going white as he reached for julian . 
 it was too late though , julian had already thrust the door open . 
 a loud bang rang out , echoing through the air . 
 devon seized hold of cassie , shoving her behind him as the shot reverberated down the hall . 
 julian fell back , shock and pain twisting his features as blood bloomed across his shoulder ; it soaked his shirt where the bullet had torn a gaping wound into his shoulder . 
 devon grabbed julian , shoving him to the floor as another shot rang out , bouncing down the hallway in a zinging rush that shattered concrete and deafened him . 
 `` son of a bitch ! '' 
 chris cried out , ducking out of the way as another shot was fired . 
 panic for cassie tore through devon ; he released julian as julian rolled away from the door . 
 devon darted swiftly back to where chris and cassie lay upon the floor , their hands over their heads in a vain attempt to protect them from anymore bullets . 
 crawling on top of cassie , he used his body to keep her blocked from anymore ricocheting shots . 
 pulling her head beneath him , he cradled her tight to his chest as another shot was fired . 
 chris ducked lower as it ripped past his head , shattering the wall inches from his ear . 
 cassie cried out , burrowing tighter against devon . 
 anger surged through his veins , the urge to destroy whoever was in that room ripped through him . 
 another shot was fired , he grunted loudly as it sliced across his calf in a fiery blaze of pain . 
 cassie grasped him tighter , her breath warm against his neck , her fingers clawing at him . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 she demanded harshly . 
 `` devon are you ok ? 
 julian was shot , is he ok ? '' 
 `` fine , i 'm fine . 
 julian will be fine , '' he grated , ignoring the pain in his leg as he tried to push cassie forward , out of the way of fire . 
 `` move ! '' 
 he hissed to chris . 
 chris scrambled forward , staying low as he crab crawled toward one of the open doors and disappeared through it . 
 `` cassie you need to follow chris , '' he hissed in her ear . 
 `` i ca n't leave you . '' 
 `` you have too ! 
 now go ! '' 
 he withdrew from the top of her , keeping his body up to protect hers as she scrambled after chris . 
 the minute she entered the room , her head poked back out , her violet blue eyes wide with worry as she watched him . 
 `` get back ! '' 
 he hissed , dropping down as another shot rang out . 
 cassie cried out , ducking away as it shattered off of the wall . 
 devon spun , fury boiling through him as he crossed the hall , scrambling back toward the door . 
 julian was sitting against the wall on the other side of the door . 
 his lips were twisted into a snarl , his fangs fully elongated as his eyes blazed red fire . 
 devon knew exactly how he felt , if he got his hands on whoever was in that room he was going to kill them , and he would n't have a problem with it . 
 he shoved dani out of his way as he reached the door . 
 she curled up against the wall , her knees hugged tight to her chest as her eyes rolled wildly in terror . 
 another shot rang through the hallway , sizzling around the corner . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 dani screamed hysterically , throwing her hands over her ears . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 silence followed her shrill cry . 
 `` dani ? '' 
 devon spun on her , rage slamming hard into him as his eyes narrowed fiercely . 
 but she was not looking at him , she was staring at the door , her mouth parted in surprise as tears bloomed in her eyes . 
 `` joey ? '' 
 she choked out , shock evident in her voice . 
 devon turned as the young man stepped out of the room . 
 his gaze instantly found his sister , relief coursed through him as he took a step forward . 
 julian sprang up , seizing hold of joey 's neck . 
 he slammed joey against the wall with a loud bang that shook the door in its frame . 
 joey choked in surprise , his eyes bulging out of his head as julian squeezed down hard . 
 `` i 'll rip you to shreds , '' julian growled . 
 `` no ! '' 
 dani screamed at the same time that another shot boomed out of the room . 
 `` son of a bitch ! '' 
 devon snarled , tired of being shot at . 
 he darted past the door , joining julian on the other side . 
 another shot reverberated through the hall . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 cassie screamed . 
 `` stay in there ! '' 
 he shouted back at her . 
 julian glanced sharply at him , his hand tightened on joey 's throat , choking the air from him . 
 he showed no remorse as his fingers dug into joey 's skin . 
 `` how are we getting that bastard out ? '' 
 julian hissed at devon . 
 though the shots would not kill them , not unless they had their heads blown off completely , they could wound them enough to incapacitate them long enough for someone to kill them . 
 and the bullets still hurt like hell . 
 devon glanced back at the door then over at joey . 
 `` we can use him as bait . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 joey gasped at the same time that julian 's smile widened . 
 `` wait ! 
 no ! 
 you ca n't ! 
 please do n't ! '' 
 dani screamed hysterically . 
 cassie 's head popped back out of the room , chris 's head appeared above hers . 
 devon met cassie 's wide eyed gaze . 
 he felt no remorse about killing any of the people that had kept her here , especially if it would keep her safer in the end . 
 he did not wish to do it in front of her though . 
 `` get back ! '' 
 he growled . 
 she hesitated , her gaze terrified and lost . 
 `` get her back chris ! '' 
 chris nodded before grasping hold of cassie 's shoulders and pulling her back . 
 devon waited to make sure that she did n't come back out before he turned to julian . 
 excitement rushed through devon as memories of the way he had once been , of the things him and julian had done together , pounded through him . 
 bloodlust and the demon surged forth , eager to break free of the cage that devon had locked it away in for far so long . 
 julian quirked an eyebrow , a small smile curved his mouth . 
 `` welcome back , '' he whispered . 
 devon shook his head , knowing how very much he would love to destroy every human around him , would love to savor the slaughter , but he could not allow the beast out . 
 he was n't sure he could control it without getting cassie involved , and he did n't want to do that again . 
 no matter how much he wanted to , he could not kill joey with her here . 
 `` give me his shirt , '' he growled . 
 julian stared hard at him for a moment ; his gaze darted briefly toward cassie as he nodded slowly , disappointment evident in the slump of his shoulders . 
 julian smashed joey against the wall , releasing him briefly to rip the shirt off of him . 
 joey stumbled slightly as julian shoved him back again . 
 he tossed the shirt to devon , who snagged hold of it . 
 `` if anything happens to me ... '' `` i 'll make sure she gets out of here , '' julian promised no hint of malice or want in his voice . 
 devon studied him curiously , unable to understand this person beside him . 
 julian had been brutal and violent , almost as bad as he himself had been . 
 but now , now julian was completely different , and devon knew it was because of cassie . 
 `` julian , '' he growled . 
 `` she does n't want me devon , '' he said softly . 
 `` but i 'll keep her safe . '' 
 devon nodded , wishing that he understood this more , but knowing that he did n't have time to figure it out . 
 devon glanced down the hall , not at all surprised to find chris and cassie peering into the hall again . 
 `` stay there , '' he ordered briskly . 
 she opened her mouth to protest . 
 `` i mean it , '' he growled before she could say anything . 
 she swallowed heavily before nodding slowly . 
 devon turned away from him , wadding up joey 's shirt he threw it in front of the door . 
 bracing himself he bolted through the doorway a split second after the shot rang out . 
 the older man holding the gun took a startled step back as devon rushed him . 
 he took another step back , raising the gun as he attempted to fire it again . 
 he did n't have time to squeeze the trigger before devon seized hold of the gun . 
 he ripped it fiercely out of the man 's hands , causing him to cry out in pain as two of his fingers snapped . 
 throwing the gun aside , devon thrust his elbow into his windpipe as he carried the man backward into the wall and slammed him hard against it . 
 the man made a gurgling noise , choking as he kicked wildly against him . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 cassie screamed . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 he caught a flurry of motion as she came skidding around the corner , barely catching her balance when her feet slipped out from under her . 
 she righted herself , her eyes finding him instantly as relief filled her . 
 anger spurted through him as he shook his head , he should have known that she would not stay where she was told , but just once he wished that she would listen to him . 
 just once he wished she would think about her own safety first . 
 though he knew that was an impossible thing to ask for . 
 `` i 'm ok , '' he said softly . 
 she nodded briefly before turning her attention to the man he held . 
 her eyes widened in surprise , her mouth parted on a small gasp . 
 she stood perfectly still for a moment , and then , everything changed . 
 her mouth snapped closed , her eyes blazed a violent shade of red as fury twisted her beautiful features . 
 `` you ! '' 
 she accused fiercely . 
 devon stiffened ; the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end as he turned slowly back toward the man he held . 
 the man was staring at him , his blue eyes wide in terror , his face a florid shade of red . 
 devon dug his arm in tighter , causing the man to sputter and choke , gasping for breath as he struggled against devon 's hold . 
 judging by cassie 's reaction to him , this was the man that had hurt her the most . 
 and devon hated him for it . 
 a loud snarl , and a vicious curse , snapped devon 's head around . 
 julian had entered the room , his hand still wrapped tight around joey 's throat , but his eyes were focused upon the man that devon held . 
 a snarl twisted his mouth , his elongated fangs cut into his lower lip . 
 he shoved joey brutally away from him , slamming the young man off of the wall . 
 for a moment devon was certain that julian was going to charge at them , but he remained where he was , just barely hanging onto his composure . 
 it would not take much for him to attack though . 
 chris appeared behind him , his hand wrapped tightly around dani 's arm as he pulled her into the room . 
 chris stared hard around the room for a moment before settling on the man that devon held . 
 dani trembled in his grasp . 
 `` you could have killed me ! '' 
 she snapped at the man , her eyes shimmering with tears . 
 the stranger struggled within devon 's grasp , the air whistling in and out of him . 
 though devon longed to crush his windpipe , he eased his grip on him . 
 he was sure they would need him for some answers . 
 the man choked in some air , sputtering as devon stepped away . 
 he took hold of cassie 's hand , pulling her slightly behind him as the stranger stumbled forward . 
 cassie 's hand tightened on his in displeasure as she took a step from behind his back . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 the man righted himself ; his hand cradled his wounded throat as he struggled for air . 
 he glanced wildly around the room , searching for an escape route and finding none . 
 `` you had better start talking , '' devon snarled . 
 his gaze snapped back to devon , his eyes wild with fear . 
 `` you may want to close the door , '' he said in a hoarse whisper . 
 `` there are still a few of them running around out there . '' 
 chris hesitated for a moment before reaching back and closing the door . 
 he slid the lock into place , keeping his hand against the knob as he turned slowly back to the room . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 cassie demanded again . 
 the man 's eyes lit upon her , hatred bloomed in them . 
 devon growled , stepping swiftly in front of her in order to block her from the man 's loathsome stare . 
 `` i have n't killed in a long time , but i wo n't hesitate to rip out your throat if you look at her like that again ! '' 
 he hissed . 
 the man 's eyes snapped back to him , fear widened them as he backed into the wall . 
 `` now , who the hell are you ? '' 
 `` derek , '' he answered . 
 `` my name is derek . '' 
 cassie inhaled sharply behind him , her hand tightened painfully around his . 
 he could hear the quickening beat of her heart ; feel the horror , terror , and confusion that washed through her . 
 she pressed closer to him , her breath coming swiftly in and out , her chest rising and falling rapidly against him as the stranger pinned her with his hate filled gaze . 
 `` her father . '' 
 chapter 7 devon grabbed cassie as her knees buckled , catching her before she hit the floor . 
 her air was strangled in her chest , the constriction in it making it impossible for her to breathe . 
 he grabbed hold of her face , holding it gently in his grasp . 
 `` breathe , '' he whispered . 
 `` just breathe . '' 
 she gasped in air ; it seared into her lungs , burning all the way down to the hollow pit of her stomach . 
 her breath shuddered out of her , pain racked through her extremities . 
 devon held her tight , keeping her somewhat grounded through the racking pain that suffused her . 
 she gulped down another harsh breath , letting it out in a hitching sob that threatened to shatter her . 
 her father ! 
 this man , this cruel bastard that had so easily tortured her was her father !? 
 it could n't be ; her father was dead . 
 her father had been a good man ! 
 at least she had convinced herself that he was a decent man over the years , when she had daydreamed about what he had been like . 
 her grandmother had always told her that he was a good man , that he had loved her mother , and cassie , dearly . 
 but apparently she had been wrong . 
 her father had brought her here . 
 her father had stood impassively by as they had tortured and drugged her . 
 her father had helped them to do it all to her , he had been the one in charge of her torment . 
 her father hated her ! 
 another sob exploded from her , her fingers curled tightly around devon 's wrists as she tried to keep herself grounded with him , tried to gain strength from him . 
 devon loved her , her friends loved her and that was all that mattered , she tried to remind herself . 
 she had never known her father , and although this man claimed to be him , he was not . 
 her father did n't matter , she repeatedly told herself . 
 this man was a stranger , a monster . 
 this man may have helped to create her , but he had not made her the person that she was . 
 he was nothing to her . 
 and yet she still felt as if her heart had been ripped out , still felt as if someone had slammed her in the chest with a baseball bat . 
 devon wrapped his hand around her head , pulling her close to kiss her gently . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 cassie managed a nod , trying hard to steady the shaking in her body . 
 he held her tight against him as he turned slightly back to her father . 
 he tried to keep her blocked from the man , but cassie refused to let the man know that he had affected her so badly . 
 there was absolute hatred etched into the man 's features , his blue eyes were hard , cold , unremorseful . 
 cassie could not bring herself to look at him anymore . 
 turning away , she focused her attention on chris who was watching her with confusion and uncertainty , but there was also sympathy and pain evident in his sapphire gaze . 
 releasing dani , chris came slowly over and pulled her gently from devon 's arms . 
 devon reluctantly released her to chris before focusing on her father again . 
 chris wrapped his arms around her shoulders , holding her tight as he moved her swiftly away . 
 julian remained unmoving , his hands fisted tightly , and his entire body ramrod straight as fire burned in his eyes . 
 cassie could only stare helplessly back at him , wishing that she could somehow take all of this away from him . 
 dani was gaping ; her eyes darted wildly between cassie and the stranger that was her father . 
 even joey looked stunned by the revelation . 
 `` i did n't know , '' dani whispered shaking her red streaked hair back . 
 `` i swear i did n't know cassie . '' 
 julian moved swiftly forward , snarling viciously at her father before shoving into a door at the back of the room . 
 he needed to escape , needed to calm down , before he killed them all . 
 the door crashed open , swinging wildly back and forth . 
 `` here ! '' 
 he shouted back to them . 
 cassie hugged chris tighter , thankful for his unwavering love and support . 
 devon strode forward , grabbing her father by the arm as he hauled him roughly into the other room . 
 the man stumbled slightly as he tried to keep up with devon 's long , furious strides . 
 joey remained unmoving upon the floor , his eyes wide as he stared up at them . 
 `` i really did n't know , '' dani whispered again . 
 cassie pulled slowly away from chris , moving stiffly to the door they had disappeared through . 
 she pushed it open , her eyes widening in surprise as she took in the wood boxes piled from floor to ceiling against two walls . 
 devon and julian were no longer in the room , but there was another door across from her . 
 she made her way to it , pushing it slowly open . 
 cold air hit her at once . 
 she shivered , pulling her hands inside the sleeves of her baggy coat in an attempt to ward off the chill . 
 devon and julian glanced up from where they stood by a set of cooler doors . 
 inside the coolers were bags of blood lined up in rows from floor to ceiling . 
 both devon and julian 's eyes were bright red with fury and hunger ; they gleamed in the dim light of the room . 
 though she could feel her father 's gaze upon her , she did not turn to him . 
 `` i 'll get one of the boxes , '' devon said softly , hurrying toward her . 
 `` is it drugged ? '' 
 devon froze , his eyebrows drawing sharply together as he stared questioningly at her . 
 `` the blood . 
 the food they brought us in here was drugged before . 
 is it drugged now ? '' 
 devon 's jaw clenched tightly , his nostrils flared with fury . 
 julian cursed loudly , the door of the cooler slammed against the other one as he flung it open . 
 he snatched a bag roughly out . 
 glowering at her father , he ripped the top easily off of it . 
 he inhaled deeply before nodding briskly to devon . 
 `` it 's good , '' he muttered . 
 `` they must drug it right before they bring it to us . '' 
 they all turned toward cassie 's father , but he remained immobile , his face as cold as stone . 
 `` drugs are probably stronger that way , '' cassie whispered . 
 julian shrugged and downed the contents of the bag before tossing it aside . 
 devon slipped his arm through hers , pulling her gently back into the other room . 
 squeezing her arm , he released her to grab hold of one of the stacked boxes . 
 cassie watched in amazement as he ripped off the top , which had been securely nailed on , as if it were nothing . 
 he dropped it to the floor , turned the box over and dumped its contents on the ground . 
 cassie took a small step back as stakes clattered across the floor , skittering about her feet . 
 chris , drawn by the noise , poked his head into the room . 
 his eyebrows rose questioningly as he studied the stakes . 
 `` hope they have better weapons than those , '' he muttered before ducking out again . 
 cassie silently agreed as she stared at the wooden weapons . 
 she was hoping to find something that would n't require them to get so close to the halflings roaming the town . 
 devon opened the door to the room with all the blood ; he threw in the box and its lid . 
 he turned back to her , his body humming with tension , his face immobile and hard . 
 `` let 's see what we have in here , and hopefully it is better than stakes . '' 
 cassie glanced at the hundred or so boxes piled within the room . 
 they were of all shapes and sizes , but she was a little afraid that they might all contain the same thing . 
 grasping hold of one of the boxes , she pulled it from the top of the pile . 
 she tugged at the top , but was unable to pull it off . 
 devon reached around her , his hard arms locking against her sides , the muscles in his forearms bulging as he ripped the lid off with apparent ease . 
 her mouth parted , her heart hammered with excitement as she glanced up at him . 
 even in this hell of a place , in this god awful situation , he still managed to entice her . 
 his gaze returned to hers , his eyes once again becoming the vivid emerald color she cherished . 
 his finger stroked lightly over her jawbone as he bent to kiss her . 
 cassie stood on tiptoe , losing herself to the touch and feel of him , burying herself in the tenderness and strength of his love . 
 his arms encircled her as he pulled her tight against him , cradling her gently in his warm embrace . 
 a disgusted sound tore her away from the bliss that his kiss brought to her . 
 cassie turned to find her father standing in the doorway , his eyes narrowed fiercely , and his hands fisted at his sides . 
 loathing and revulsion blazed from him , pounding against her . 
 she ducked her head , unable to stand the hatred coming from her own father . 
 devon growled low in his throat , his hand wrapped around the back of her neck as he turned her slightly , trying to protect her from the man 's glare . 
 julian appeared in the doorway , the box propped under his arm . 
 he shoved her father forward , casting a fierce glare at the smaller man . 
 `` move , '' he ordered gruffly as he shoved her father back into the front room . 
 he propped the door open with the box so that they could keep an eye on the three of them , and chris . 
 `` let 's get what we can out of these boxes and get the hell out of here . '' 
 cassie nodded , pulling reluctantly out of devon 's arms as she turned her attention back to the boxes . 
 *** cassie propped the box on her hip , bracing herself as julian slowly pulled the door open . 
 he peered into the hallway , searching it quickly before nodding briskly . 
 he stepped into the hall , followed closely by dani , joey , and her father . 
 devon glanced sharply back at her , his hand encircling hers as he stepped into the hall next . 
 he had not wanted her to be behind him , had fought against it , but in the end it had been determined that it would be best to have their enemies surrounded by the two strongest members of the group , him and julian . 
 covering her mouth with her shirt , cassie followed them out the door . 
 she closed her eyes before they reached the hallway with all of the carnage . 
 devon led her swiftly through the mutilated bodies . 
 they turned another corner , but cassie kept her eyes tightly shut , not wanting to see her cell again , or the room where they had electrocuted her . 
 she shuddered , her hand tightened around devon 's at the reminder that it was her own father that had ordered such a thing done . 
 `` almost there , '' he said softly . 
 the hair on cassie 's neck stood up , her whole body erupted in a tingling chill . 
 she froze , pulling devon sharply back and causing chris to slam into her . 
 her eyes flew open as she rapidly searched the deserted hallway . 
 `` cassie ? '' 
 devon asked quietly . 
 she shook her head , holding her hand up to silence him as she strained to hear anything within the hallway , strained to hear whatever it was that she knew was watching them . 
 and there was something . 
 she could feel it out there , creeping steadily closer , hunting them from the shadows of the compound . 
 she glanced swiftly at chris whose gaze was darting rapidly around the hall . 
 `` there is something here , '' cassie said softly . 
 `` yes , '' chris agreed . 
 devon stepped closer to her , pushing her toward the wall . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 he hissed . 
 chris shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 devon used his body to move her toward the others . 
 `` move slowly . '' 
 cassie nodded , licking her lips nervously as they continued down the hall , braced for the imminent attack . 
 her entire body hummed with adrenaline ; her fingers trembled on the box she held . 
 the one she was prepared to drop at a moment 's notice . 
 her edginess grew as they turned another corner ; she knew that the closer they got to freedom , the more likely the attack would be . 
 her hand tightened on devon 's , squeezing him as tight as she could . 
 she was so very scared of whatever was stalking them . 
 a loud clatter overhead caused her to jump in surprise ; devon jerked her hard against him . 
 the box slipped from her grasp as he pinned her against the wall with his body . 
 everyone braced themselves for the battle , but the hall remained silent , eerily so . 
 `` we need to get out of here , '' julian hissed . 
 `` they 're stalking us , '' devon said softly . 
 `` they ? '' 
 cassie asked in a choked whisper . 
 he nodded , his black hair falling across his forehead , his emerald eyes hard as he scanned the ceiling and hallway . 
 `` yes . '' 
 a shiver ran down cassie 's back . 
 she caught chris 's eye over devon 's shoulder , they needed to get out of here , all of them . 
 `` devon we have to move , '' cassie whispered . 
 he nodded slowly , bending to retrieve her box as he moved cautiously away from her . 
 cassie took her box back from him as he bent to retrieve his own . 
 `` let 's go , '' julian said gruffly . 
 cassie pulled her crossbow from her back , grasping hold of it with one hand as she juggled the box under her arm . 
 they had found a cache of weapons in the room . 
 aside from stakes it had held more crossbows , a long bow , more guns , and a nifty little thing that appeared to be a flame thrower when assembled . 
 `` you need to give us some weapons , '' joey said , his voice tight with a hint of panic . 
 `` like hell , '' julian grumbled . 
 `` you 're going to need our help against them . 
 we have a right to protect ourselves in here ! '' 
 `` you have no rights as far as i 'm concerned ! '' 
 julian snapped ferociously back . 
 joey stared at him in startled disbelief ; dani remained silent as she moved steadily forward , her head bowed in resignation . 
 `` monsters , '' her father muttered . 
 `` i think you 're the monster , '' cassie retorted . 
 `` you 're the one that created this mess . 
 you 're the reason we are being stalked right now . 
 you 're why we 're all here . 
 you 're the monster ! '' 
 she was shaking with fury by the time she was done talking . 
 tears of frustration and anger burned her eyes . 
 her father stared coldly back at her , hatred evident in his twisted features . 
 she had so often dreamed about what her father had been like , imagined that he had miraculously survived the slaughter , but this man was nothing like what she had pictured . 
 this man was an atrocity who had been twisted by hate and violence , a cruel stranger she wished had never come back into her life . 
 `` you might want to stop looking at her like that , '' devon growled . 
 `` you 're not getting a weapon , and if it was n't for your dna i would have ripped your throat out already . '' 
 her father 's eyes widened slightly before he turned away from them , his shoulders set tight , his jaw clenched . 
 `` devon , '' cassie said softly . 
 he shook his head at her , silencing her instantly . 
 she knew that devon was telling the truth , it was simply the fact that derek was her father that had allowed him to make it this far . 
 devon would not hesitate to kill him though , especially not if he felt that it would help keep her safe . 
 cassie thought she should be more upset by that notion , but at the moment she could n't bring herself to care . 
 even if he was her father , she did n't know the man , and a very big part of her hated him right now . 
 devon pushed her slightly back in front of him again , using his body to shield her from anything that might attack from the back . 
 cassie wanted to protest , she did n't want him in danger , but arguing would be futile . 
 he would not back down from this , not when her safety was involved . 
 `` i meant what i said . 
 stay close to me cassie , they 'll attack soon . '' 
 it was not the threat of attack that made her shudder , but the fact that she was very aware that devon would kill any threat to her , no matter who or what it was . 
 he wrapped his hand gently around her neck , keeping her close to him as they moved slowly down the hall . 
 though she could not hear the creatures , she knew they were shuffling through the shadows , stalking their progress . 
 her hand tightened on her crossbow as terror flooded her . 
 `` almost there , '' dani said softly , hope evident in her voice . 
 cassie swallowed heavily , she wanted out of here in the worst possible way . 
 her nose and skin were desperate for fresh air . 
 she wanted to see the night sky and the moon . 
 she wanted to inhale air that did n't reek of the dead and see something outside of this horrid place . 
 she wanted to be free and alive and away from the monsters silently stalking them . 
 cassie held her breath as they reached the double doors and julian pulled them slowly open . 
 he poked his head out , glancing into the stairwell before nodding . 
 he disappeared through the door , holding it open for everyone else to follow . 
 cassie was almost through when she saw it coming . 
 it leapt easily down the hall in long graceful strides that swiftly ate up the distance between them . 
 cassie threw her box through the door , grabbing hold of chris she spun slightly , bouncing him off of devon as she shoved him out of the hallway . 
 devon and chris were both knocked backwards , tripping over each other as they fell through the doorway . 
 she did n't have time to register the fact that it was the most ungraceful she had ever seen devon . 
 she only had a split second to react , a brief moment to swing up her crossbow , and no time to aim before pulling the trigger . 
 the arrow slammed into the things shoulder , jerking him back momentarily , barely slowing its rapid pace and most certainly not stopping it . 
 she did n't have time to grab another arrow and reload the weapon before the thing was upon her . 
 grasping the crossbow in two hands , she slammed it into the creatures chin , snapping its head back as it seized hold of her . 
 devon bellowed her name , shoving past chris as he scrambled to get to her . 
 cassie lifted the crossbow again , smashing it against the monsters face . 
 its/his cheekbone caved beneath the blow , leaving a gaping wound that would have left a human helpless , and would have staggered a vampire , but did nothing to ward off this monster . 
 its hands dug into her skin , leaving painful bruises across her arms as it tried to get closer . 
 its teeth snapped eagerly as it attempted to rip her throat out , attempted to mutilate and destroy her . 
 she could smell its fetid breath ; its lingering stench of death engulfed her . 
 panic swamped cassie , this thing was crazed , irrational , and driven only by its desire to see her dead . 
 she snapped the crossbow down , shoving it into its chest in attempt to further block its attack . 
 teeth snapped inches from her cheek ; she turned her head to avoid it , trying hard to hold it off as she regained her bearings . 
 a loud roar enveloped her . 
 devon grabbed hold of the thing by the back of the neck , flinging it off of her with one mighty heave . 
 cassie staggered forward , nearly falling as the weight was pulled off of her . 
 the monster screamed as devon grasped hold of her , shoving her toward the double doors . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he hissed . 
 chris reached for her , but she shook him off , unwilling to leave devon alone with the creature . 
 she turned as another creature came barreling out of the darkness , leaping over its downed friend and slamming hard into devon . 
 cassie gasped as the woman tore at him , slashing her long fingernails down his side , shredding his shirt and spilling his blood . 
 cassie raced toward him as he grabbed hold of the woman 's throat , pulling her off of him and holding her at arm 's length . 
 the woman spit and clawed , hissing loudly as she swung violently at devon . 
 cassie 's heart leapt into her throat , her fingers trembled as she struggled to pull another arrow free . 
 she loaded it into the crossbow , taking aim at the man that had regained his feet and was coming back at them . 
 pulling the trigger , cassie took satisfaction as the bolt slammed into his chest , knocking him ass over tea kettle as he bounced down the hall . 
 it writhed upon the ground , clawing at its chest , its breath heaved in and out in a rattling whistle . 
 it would not be long before it died . 
 she raced toward devon as julian burst back into the hall , overtaking her in his rush to get to devon 's side . 
 devon seized hold of the woman 's head , twisting it violently around with a sickening snap that made cassie 's stomach lurch . 
 he shoved the disfigured creature away from him , slamming his fist into the back of its twisted head . 
 the woman , no the thing , staggered forward a few steps before falling to her knees . 
 cassie felt as if she was watching a grotesque movie as the woman 's head lulled around on her broken neck , but she did not die . 
 cassie took a staggering step backward , nausea twisted through her as she stumbled into the door . 
 `` get out of here ! '' 
 devon bellowed at her . 
 julian had stopped running ; disgust twisted his features as he watched the creature crawl blindly around . 
 cassie took a small step back , unable to stand watching anymore . 
 chris grabbed hold of her arm , trying to draw her back , trying to pull her free of the horror in the hallway . 
 chris froze , his eyes bulging from his head as he gaped at the creature in dismay . 
 julian and devon remained unmoving for a moment , before bursting into action again . 
 julian spun toward her , shoving her through the double doors so roughly that she fell over chris , both of them staggering into the stairs . 
 cassie 's palms and knees screamed in protest as she landed roughly on the concrete steps . 
 dani was still in the hallway , her eyes wide with shock and disgust , but cassie 's father and joey had taken the distraction as an opportunity to flee . 
 cassie glanced up the stairway , spotting them two flights above . 
 cursing loudly , cassie untangled herself from chris as devon and julian burst into the stairwell . 
 `` give me the keys ! '' 
 julian demanded of dani . 
 her hands shook as she tossed him the keys that fell a few feet short . 
 they clattered to the floor as the woman slammed into the door , and then something else slammed into it . 
 dani screamed as devon threw himself against the door , holding it closed as the creatures screamed and howled on the other side . 
 `` we have to stop them ! '' 
 cassie hissed to chris , bounding back to her feet . 
 cassie leapt onto the stairs as devon and julian struggled to keep the doors closed against the monster inside . 
 dani grabbed the keys , rushing over to help them get the doors locked again . 
 forgoing the weapons and supplies they had gathered , cassie raced up the stairs . 
 she took them two at a time , in great leaping bounds as she sprinted to catch up with her father and joey . 
 she could not let the two of them get away ; they could not be free to reign down more terror on some other unsuspecting town and its inhabitants . 
 they could not get away without some type of punishment , and they had to explain what the hell they had done to these creatures , and how many there really were . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 devon roared after her . 
 she ignored him as she jumped up the stairs , pushing herself harder , faster . 
 she had to get to them before they got to the top , they could easily disappear into the darkened hallways , and the night if she did n't . 
 joey 's head appeared over the side of the banister , his eyes widened as he caught sight of her just a flight beneath them now . 
 cassie grasped hold of the railing , using it to pull herself faster , using it to guide her along . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 joey gasped . 
 anger and fear fueling her , she poured on the speed , gathering on her vast reserves of power as she bounded swiftly forward . 
 her father had reached the mangled door as she hit the top of the stairs . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she cried , rage propelling as if she had wings . 
 slamming into him , she pulled him backward , shoving him into joey , and the wall . 
 she fell against the one good door , slumping slightly as she tried to catch her breath . 
 her father 's furious eyes blazed into hers . 
 he grabbed hold of her , trying to pull her away , but she shoved him off refusing to let him near the door again . 
 `` no , '' she hissed again . 
 `` you will not get away that easy . '' 
 `` you have no right ! '' 
 `` i have every right ! '' 
 she snapped back , smacking his hand away when he reached for her again . 
 `` you have no right to be free ! 
 look at what you have done here , the atrocity that you have created . 
 this world is far better without you roaming it ! '' 
 he shrank back slightly , and then hatred and fury blazed forth in his eyes . 
 `` you have no right to judge me you traitorous bitch ! '' 
 he spat . 
 `` you 've turned against your own kind . 
 you 're an abomination , a monstrosity . 
 a nothing ! '' 
 cassie felt as if she had been slapped , she recoiled from him , pressing tighter against the door . 
 she wanted to cower from his words , wanted to deny them , but there would be no reaching him , no reasoning with him . 
 he believed what he believed , and he always would , no matter what her relation to him was . 
 before she could say anything more , he reached out and slapped her with the full force of his might . 
 cassie gasped her hand flying to her cheek as her head snapped to the side . 
 tears of shock and pain flooded her eyes , but she blinked them rapidly back as she gazed hatefully back at the stranger across from her . 
 because no matter what he said , he was not her father , he was a stranger . 
 straightening away from the door , cassie glared hatefully back at him . 
 `` think what you want about me , i do n't care because you are nothing to me also . 
 but you will not leave here , and you will not be set free in this world again . 
 this nothing will make damn sure of that ! '' 
 she snarled . 
 his eyes widened in surprise as he took a small step back . 
 devon leapt out of the stairwell , skidding to a halt at the top of the stairs . 
 his eyes were the color of fire , fury radiated from him as he raked joey and her father with a scathing glare . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 cassie nodded , knowing that the red mark on her cheek could easily be explained by the attack below . 
 she had no doubt that devon would kill her father if he learned that the man had just slapped her . 
 `` are they locked in ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` yes , but i do n't know for how long . 
 we need to get out of here . '' 
 he strode toward her , shoving her father and joey out of the way . 
 his eyes latched onto her reddened cheek . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 cassie shook her head as julian , dani , and chris reached the landing , their arms laden with boxes of supplies . 
 `` that thing down there , '' she muttered , not able to look at him as she uttered the lie . 
 `` let 's help them . '' 
 devon tried to stop her , but she dodged his grasp as she hurried forward to take two boxes from dani . 
 she could feel devon 's gaze burrowing into her back , but she did n't turn to look at him again . 
 `` cowards , '' dani hissed at joey and derek . 
 `` most definitely , '' cassie agreed . 
 chapter 8 cassie sat by the window , her legs drawn up against her chest , her chin resting upon her knees as she stared at the silent street . 
 the sun had come up a few hours ago , but she had yet to speak since they had arrived back here . 
 there was too much to ask , too much to know , and she did n't want to know any of it . 
 she was tired of being surprised , tired of being blindsided by fate , and she was very tired of being betrayed by those that were supposed to protect her . 
 she turned her head , resting her cheek on her knees as she stared across the room at the man that claimed to be her father . 
 she had never known him , but she had once loved the idea of him , the image of what she had wanted him to be . 
 this man was none of those things , and she greatly wished that she had never had the displeasure of meeting him . 
 she greatly wished that he had died in the slaughter like he was supposed to have . 
 he stared back at her , his eyes narrowed , but ringed with bags from lack of sleep . 
 his arms and legs had been tied to the chair , there would be no escaping for him , and she would make sure of that . 
 she turned away from him , tightening her grip on her legs . 
 in the far back she could hear murmured words , and from down below she could hear the whispers of devon and julian 's conversation . 
 joey had been tied up and placed downstairs , it had been decided that it was best to keep the two of them separated . 
 no one was out here with her , having moved slowly away after the first few hours of her not speaking . 
 that was something that was mirrored within her father , as he had not said a word either , despite luther 's incessant , demanding , and furious questions . 
 he had remained as silent as she had through it all . 
 cassie had the odd feeling that he would speak to her , if she asked , but she was not willing to ask . 
 not right now anyway . 
 shadows played off of the street , skeletal branches danced across the pavement . 
 it looked so lonely and eerie out there , so cold and desolate . 
 there was no sign of life , not even a bird chirped in the distance . 
 `` my grandmother used to talk about you and my mother once in awhile , '' she said softly , finally . 
 `` apparently she did n't know you very well . '' 
 he remained silent for a moment , his head tilted to the side as he studied her . 
 `` where is lily ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 a pain tugged at her heart , guilt and loss swamped her for a brief moment . 
 `` dead . '' 
 he grunted softly . 
 `` and i 'm sure that it was one of these monsters . '' 
 cassie turned slowly toward him , despising the sight of him . 
 they stared hard at each other for a long moment . 
 `` no , it was another monster . '' 
 `` and where is that one ? '' 
 cassie swallowed heavily , her hands fisted against her legs . 
 `` she 's dead . 
 i killed her . 
 a fact that i am sure dani has already informed you of . '' 
 he stared hard at her for a moment , his eyebrow quirked in what appeared to be amusement . 
 `` you have your mother 's spirit . 
 though i 'm sure she is better off dead than seeing what you have become . '' 
 cassie recoiled , not wanting him to see her distress she turned her attention back to the deserted street , feeling almost as empty and desolate as it looked outside . 
 `` my grandmother was very proud of me , for everything that i did . 
 she accepted devon , she welcomed him into her home , and she welcomed him into our lives . 
 she loved me , and she was proud of me , and she was the best person i have ever known . 
 she would not be proud of you however . 
 she had loved you like you were her own son , and she would despise everything that you are now . 
 i am not ashamed of myself , of what i am , or who i love , but you should be . '' 
 he remained silent for a long while , cassie continued to stare out the window , knowing that she should leave , but unable to bring herself to move . 
 `` how did you survive the slaughter ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 he sighed , his feet shuffled slightly on the floor . 
 `` we were all taught to fight . 
 we were all taught to survive and use our abilities to the best of our abilities . '' 
 `` and you 're a survivor ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and my mother ? '' 
 `` was not . '' 
 cassie winced , unable to stop herself from shooting him a fierce look . 
 `` did you even love her , or me ? '' 
 his dark blue eyes were fierce in the small amount of light penetrating the room . 
 `` yes , it is why i have made it my quest to make sure that these monsters are eradicated forever . '' 
 `` by creating even worse monsters ? '' 
 he was silent as he stared back at her , his mouth quirked in that disgusted manner . 
 `` we were trying to help . '' 
 `` and you created things that are far worse than anything we could have ever imagined . 
 you made these things and you destroyed this town . 
 you destroyed hundreds of people only to have your own creations turn against you . 
 good job dr. frankenstein . '' 
 he stared unblinkingly back at her , his hands tight on the arms of the chair . 
 `` and you 've crawled into bed with a monster . 
 i made a mistake , you made a choice . '' 
 cassie sighed softly , unraveling her legs . 
 she was n't going to bother to deny his accusation , or defend herself . 
 not to him . 
 she was beginning to realize that he was not entirely sane , or rational . 
 there would be no changing his mind , and she did n't particularly care to try . 
 whatever had happened to him over the years had completely changed him from the man that her grandmother had loved and admired greatly . 
 `` what is your ability ? ' 
 he grinned at her , shaking his head at her . 
 `` that 's my secret . '' 
 cassie glared hard at him , but decided to let it go for now . 
 they would find it out one way or another . 
 cassie folded her hands before her as she rested her elbows on her legs . 
 `` the ones down there are n't the same as the other one that i encountered . 
 they 're stronger , faster , and they seem even more blood thirsty . 
 how and why did you make them ? '' 
 he was silent for a long time , his eyes on the window behind her . 
 `` we just wanted to do some different experimentation , to see what would go right , and give us the best results . 
 give us the best fighters . 
 there were some failures along the way . '' 
 cassie winced at the word failures . 
 they had been humans , people with families and loved ones . 
 people that had lived and loved and laughed , until these lunatics had gotten a hold of them . 
 and now they were monsters , with no rational thought , looking only to kill and mangle and destroy . 
 `` why would you keep them alive ? '' 
 he finally turned his attention back to her . 
 `` to study them of course , to see if they could be controlled , and to see how they thought and reacted to things . '' 
 cassie swallowed back her disgust , fighting the urge to get up and flee the room , and this monster . 
 her father . 
 she shuddered , her hands tightened painfully . 
 `` i thought they did n't think . '' 
 `` yes they do . 
 they react to stimulation , to blood , to movement . 
 and they think about death and violence , and blood . 
 they do think and they do react . '' 
 cassie stared hard at him for a moment before nodding slowly . 
 `` where are the children ? 
 did you do this to them also ? '' 
 his silence made her heart pump louder , her blood ran cold and her skin chilled as if an icy hand had grabbed hold of the back of her neck . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 she breathed , though she knew the answer . 
 `` some of them . '' 
 it took all that cassie had not to throw up , or not to fly across the room and attack him in a violent rage . 
 she remained immobile , for to move would only instigate one of those two reactions . 
 she shuddered , taking a deep breath as she tried hard to keep herself under control . 
 she could not stand the thought of coming across children that were like the other monsters in this town . 
 she could not stand the thought of having to kill one of those innocent beings . 
 `` the children were even more unstable than the adults . 
 we do n't know the reason why but they were not viable as further candidates in our experiments . '' 
 cassie gagged , bile rushed up her throat , but she was able to shove it back down . 
 her legs quivered as she climbed to her feet , her knees shook , but she could not sit any longer . 
 she moved slowly away from him , using the wall to guide her and keep her trembling legs steady . 
 she could n't look at him anymore ; she knew she would kill him if she did . 
 and she could not be the person that killed her own father , no matter how much she thought he deserved it . 
 `` how many children are out there , running free now ? '' 
 she choked out . 
 `` the children were all destroyed , as i said they were even more volatile and uncontrollable than the adults . 
 they could not be allowed to survive . 
 the havoc they would have wreaked would have been unstoppable . '' 
 cassie shuddered again , disgusted with herself for the relief that filled her . 
 she could n't have destroyed a child ; no matter what kind of monster it was , she could n't have killed it . 
 and she could not have allowed the others to kill it either . 
 she hated herself for feeling grateful that none of them would have to do so . 
 and she hated her father even more for putting her in this horrendous situation . 
 tears shimmered in her eyes ; she wiped them quickly away , bracing herself to face her father again . 
 `` and the other children ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` the ones that you did n't put down there ? '' 
 he remained silent , and she knew that he was waiting for her to look at him again . 
 straightening her shoulders , cassie turned slowly toward him , keeping her face as impassive as possible . 
 trying hard not to let him see how badly his words had shaken her . 
 she instinctively knew that he would not approve of weakness , and would shut her out because of it . 
 `` they were shipped off . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 his mouth quirked into a sneer as he studied her impassively . 
 `` like i would tell you . 
 i do n't want you anywhere near those children . '' 
 cassie snorted in disgust as she shook her head . 
 `` you do n't have to tell me anything , '' she retorted . 
 `` i can just have julian drag the memories forcefully from your mind . 
 i am sure that you know very well what he is capable of . 
 i 'm also certain the experience can be very uncomfortable if he wants it to be . '' 
 her father paled slightly , and then nodded slowly . 
 `` yes , i am well aware of what julian is capable of , but i will not tell you . '' 
 cassie nodded . 
 that was fine ; she did n't particularly care how they got the information , only that they got it . 
 she was not going to leave those children lost and adrift in the world , possibly being tortured like their unlucky friends had been . 
 she would find them , and she would make sure that they were safe afterwards . 
 she would make sure that they did n't suffer anymore than they already had . 
 she would find them if it was the last thing she did . 
 `` how did you make these creatures so strong ? '' 
 she inquired , wanting to hear what he had to say for himself , before julian got his hands upon him . 
 his glance once more returned to the window . 
 `` you know if they break in here , i 'm vulnerable to an attack while tied to this chair . '' 
 cassie 's eyes narrowed as she glared fiercely at him . 
 she knew what he wanted . 
 if she released him , he would tell her , but there was no way she was releasing him . 
 she did n't trust him enough to release him . 
 she did n't trust him enough to even give him a damn leg back . 
 `` i 'll just have to make sure they do n't get near you , if i 'm motivated enough , '' she added coldly , hoping that he got her point as well . 
 he quirked an eyebrow , his jaw clenched tightly before he nodded . 
 `` i suppose you will . '' 
 they stared hard at each other for a long while before he finally nodded . 
 `` vampire blood alone was n't working , we could n't figure out the combination . 
 so we decided to add a new blood , with the vampire blood . '' 
 cassie stared silently at him , no longer having the capacity to be horrified or surprised . 
 `` so you added mine . '' 
 it was not a question , just a statement of fact that she already knew . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she did n't want to hear anymore , there was nothing left for her to hear . 
 she turned away , needing to get some distance between them before she turned back . 
 `` why did you give me julian 's blood ? '' 
 he shrugged to the best of his ability . 
 `` to see what it would do . 
 to see if it would make you stronger , or if eventually you would become one of them . 
 and either way it would have been interesting to see the effects on you . '' 
 cassie closed her eyes , her hands fisted tightly . 
 `` you must feel like a real hero , running all of those experiments , testing them on your own daughter . '' 
 `` you 're not my daughter . '' 
 she blinked in surprise , unable to understand why his words would still cause a stab of pain to her heart . 
 this man should mean nothing to her , but unfortunately he did n't . 
 `` you 're right , i 'm not . '' 
 she turned away from him , meaning to leave , meaning to get as far away from this monster as possible . 
 she wanted nothing to do with the man that claimed the same dna as her . 
 but call her a masochist there was one more thing that she had to ask . 
 `` why did n't you come for chris and i when we were younger ? '' 
 he studied her for a long while , a muscle in his cheek twitched slightly . 
 `` i was injured in the battle , by the time i recovered enough to come after you , your grandmother had already fled the state . 
 i did n't know where you were , or anything about you , until luther started poking into the history of the hunter 's , and joey arrived here . 
 i 'm glad i did n't find you . '' 
 cassie could n't stop the tears that burned her eyes as she nodded slowly . 
 if he had found her , he would have destroyed her the moment he realized she did n't have any abilities . 
 or she would have been locked away and experimented on until she went insane , or her body finally gave out on her . 
 `` so am i , '' she whispered . 
 she moved swiftly away from him , unable to listen to anymore . 
 she turned the corner to find devon and julian standing by the coolers . 
 they were large , dark , and powerful . 
 their eyes were agleam in the light coming from the coolers , their postures rigid and hard . 
 cassie could feel the anger and hatred radiating from them in waves . 
 luther stood behind them , the lenses of his glasses gleaming . 
 anger had made the lines in his face harsher . 
 chris was leaning against one of the glass doors , his arms folded over his chest as he stared hard into the darkened room behind her . 
 melissa stood silently beside chris , her onyx eyes glistened with unshed tears . 
 her black hair spilled across her shoulders , the blue highlights in it gleamed in the light of the cooler . 
 dani was immobile , her eyes wide in horror , her mouth parted slightly as she stared behind cassie . 
 annabelle and liam stood close together , their hands entwined tightly . 
 annabelle 's sea green eyes gleamed brightly while liam 's oddly silver eyes were narrowed with anger . 
 she had n't heard any of them enter the room . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 devon asked softly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she moved into him , wrapping her arms around his waist as she rested her head on his chest , savoring in the hard strength he radiated . 
 no matter what happened , no matter how awful things were , as long as he was here she did n't care . 
 as long as he was here she could get through anything . 
 he enfolded her tightly , his hand wrapping around the back of her head as he cradled her tightly . 
 `` how much did you hear ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` most of it , '' devon answered , his eyes dark and distant , his body tense with anger . 
 `` i 'll go watch him , you need to get some rest , '' julian said , turning to move away . 
 `` julian . '' 
 he turned back to her an odd gleam in his crystalline blue eyes . 
 `` we will need to learn what he knows . '' 
 julian flashed a heart stopping grin at her , his white teeth flashed brightly in the dark night . 
 `` oh , it will be my pleasure , '' he purred . 
 cassie frowned , knowing that she should feel bad about what julian might do to him , but unable to find the energy to do so . 
 she was too tired now to feel sympathy and compassion for someone that had never shown her , or julian , any . 
 but she knew that she could not allow julian to be cruel to him . 
 `` not tonight julian , and not cruelly . 
 we ca n't sink to his level , no matter how much we would both like to . '' 
 `` it does n't matter , '' luther said on a sigh . 
 he pulled his glasses off , cleaning them as they all stared questioningly at him . 
 `` of course it matters ! 
 the children ! '' 
 cassie retorted sharply when luther did not continue . 
 luther shook his head as he slid his glasses back on . 
 `` yes , yes , of course the children matter , '' he said quickly . 
 `` that is not how i meant it to sound . 
 we must find the children , but julian will be unable to help us do so . '' 
 `` like hell i wo n't , '' julian snarled , taking a step toward luther . 
 `` if you have a problem with me hurting him ... '' `` i do n't , '' luther said flatly . 
 cassie started in surprise ; her eyes were wide as they darted to chris and melissa . 
 chris 's eyebrows were in his hairline ; melissa gaped at luther in shock . 
 none of them had ever heard luther sound so uncaring . 
 `` luther , '' cassie breathed . 
 he glanced toward her , his grey eyes hard and unyielding . 
 `` my main mission in life is to see you all safe . 
 that man out there is a danger to that safety , and to the safety of many others . 
 we need to know what he knows , no matter how it has to be done . 
 even if he is your father . '' 
 cassie did n't know how to react to that . 
 she burrowed closer to devon , trying hard to keep control of her swaying emotions . 
 this had been a very long , very tiring , awful day . 
 `` then why do n't you want me to do my thing ? '' 
 julian growled . 
 luther 's gaze briefly met cassie 's before darting to julian . 
 `` because derek had , has , psychokenesis too . '' 
 luther 's tone was bitter , anger simmered in his eyes as they met cassie 's startled gaze . 
 though luther had never met her father , cassie knew that he had always respected and admired him . 
 they had believed that derek had given his life in order to help keep chris and cassie alive . 
 and there were only three things that luther cared about and they were melissa , chris , and cassie . 
 to luther , the fact that derek was still alive , and a threat to the three people he cared about most was an ultimate sense of betrayal to luther and their entire race . 
 to luther , derek was already dead . 
 julian cursed loudly , his lip curled into a sneer as his hands fisted tightly . 
 he wanted nothing more than to exact his revenge on derek for everything that had been done to him . 
 but if julian and her father -lrb- no not her father , derek -rrb- had the same ability , then they would cancel each other out . 
 julian would be useless against him . 
 julian swore again and slammed his hand onto a shelf . 
 cassie , chris , and luther jumped slightly as cans rattled across the floor . 
 devon swung down , scooping one of the cans easily up . 
 he shot julian a censuring look as he tossed the can to him . 
 `` keep the noise down . '' 
 julian 's head snapped toward him , his eyes narrowed fiercely as they flashed a violent red . 
 cassie inhaled sharply , greatly afraid that julian would finally unravel . 
 greatly afraid that being denied his revenge would shove him right over the edge . 
 devon grabbed hold of cassie 's arm , pulling her swiftly behind him as he braced himself for an attack . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 cassie cried , dodging devon 's questing grasp as she jumped back in between them . 
 `` julian stop ! '' 
 she placed her hand on his chest as she spun toward devon . 
 his eyes were also now a fierce red as he reached toward her again , seeking to get her out of julian 's range . 
 `` stop devon , it 's fine . '' 
 she allowed him to seize her hand in order to try and calm him down . 
 he tried to tug her away , his red eyes darting fiercely to julian as julian 's fingers wrapped lightly around her hand , pressing it tighter to his chest . 
 cassie turned slowly back to him , hating the pain and need she sensed in him as his ice blue eyes met hers . 
 his fingers squeezed briefly around hers before he released her slowly . 
 cassie stared helplessly back at him as devon tugged her away , pulling her against his chest as he enveloped her in a tight hug . 
 `` stop doing that ! '' 
 he hissed low in her ear , his lips pressed close to her . 
 cassie shivered as she hugged him briefly . 
 he hated it when she put herself in his way , or any vampire for that matter , but there were times when she needed too . 
 times when she had to step in to keep devon from killing someone . 
 especially now , she could not allow him and julian to kill each other simply because they were frustrated with the situation . 
 as they all were . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she assured him . 
 he rested his lips against her neck for a brief moment as he struggled to regain complete control . 
 finally , he pressed a soft kiss against her skin before pulling away . 
 cassie turned toward julian , but his attention was now focused upon luther , his eyes still their beautiful ice blue color . 
 `` are you certain of this luther ? '' 
 julian 's voice was gravelly , harsh with his disappointment about not being able to drag the answers he wanted from derek . 
 though he tried not to , cassie felt his eyes dart to her . 
 she smiled wanly at him , hating his pain . 
 she truly did love him , and she wanted him to be happy , but unfortunately she was not the person that could give him that happiness . 
 maybe , when they all got out of this and julian knew what he wanted for certain , he would find himself a wonderful woman that made him feel the same way that she felt for devon . 
 for a moment hurt lingered in julian 's eyes , then they sparked with their usual amusement and he winked at her . 
 cassie grinned back at him , relieved to see her friend again . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure . 
 every guardian knew what the other hunter 's were capable of . 
 it was recorded into the books , and the guardians were informed of them in case they ever needed certain abilities from a hunter . 
 especially hunter 's with an ability like derek 's , which is powerful and very handy , as you well know . '' 
 julian smiled a little as he nodded . 
 `` yes i do , except for now . '' 
 `` can you make him tell us ? '' 
 cassie asked softly , craning her neck to look up at devon . 
 he bit on his bottom lip for a moment , his gaze briefly meeting julian 's hard one . 
 julian 's eyes gleamed ; a small spark lit them as he lifted an eyebrow at devon . 
 cassie tensed as she glanced questioningly between the two of them . 
 it was more than obvious that there was something she was not getting here . 
 `` he will fight it cassie , '' devon replied slowly . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` if he fights it , it will be painful . 
 very painful . '' 
 cassie swallowed heavily , hating the idea of causing pain to anyone , but it was necessary to find out what derek knew . 
 `` ok , well that 's not good , but ... '' `` if he fights it and i still burrow in , he could go mad . '' 
 cassie 's eyes widened , her mouth parted in horror as her heart flipped over in her chest . 
 go mad ? 
 devon could actually drive him insane ? 
 cassie shuddered at the thought , and the sheer strength of his power . 
 `` but will you still be able to find out what we need to know ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 `` chris ! '' 
 cassie hissed in disapproval , shock shooting through her . 
 `` it needs to be done , '' liam stated flatly . 
 cassie glanced wildly around , searching for someone that would agree with her . 
 unfortunately , she seemed to be the only one that found something wrong with this scenario . 
 she turned toward devon , hoping to find some support from him , but she knew there would be none . 
 he would do whatever it took to keep her safe , even if it meant destroying her father 's mind . 
 `` devon ... '' his eyes were hard , his jaw set as he met her gaze . 
 `` we need to know cassie . 
 everything . 
 i can make him tell us all of it . '' 
 `` even if it drives him crazy ? '' 
 annabelle inquired softly . 
 cassie 's head snapped toward her , grateful for someone with a little reasoning . 
 `` can you live with that devon ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 annabelle hesitated for a moment before she nodded ; her strawberry curls bounced around her shoulders . 
 `` ok then . '' 
 `` devon ... '' cassie started . 
 he grasped hold of her shoulders , silencing her protest . 
 `` we 'll give him the choice to tell us , or not , but either way he will reveal what he knows . 
 it will be his choice if he survives it , or not . '' 
 `` survives it ? '' 
 cassie croaked . 
 `` it will not kill him , but it wo n't leave him the same . '' 
 cassie looked wildly around . 
 she hated the man for everything he had done to her , and to her friends , but she could not do this to him . 
 `` no , we can not do that . 
 we are not these people ! 
 we are better than this . 
 we are better than him ! '' 
 `` the children cassie , '' melissa said softly . 
 `` we have to find those children before any more harm can come to them . 
 think of all they have lost so far , we must save their lives . '' 
 cassie shook her head , hating their reasons , hating the fact that she knew they were right . 
 pulling away from devon , she straightened her shoulders and turned to storm back into the room where her father was tied . 
 his head was bowed , but he lifted it as he heard her approach . 
 she studied him carefully , trying to find something she could relate to in him , some spark of humanity , but she found none . 
 why on earth did she feel bad about hurting him when he 'd felt no compunction about hurting her ? 
 `` we need to know what you know , '' she told him crisply . 
 he simply stared at her , his face emotionless , his eyes flat . 
 `` i know that julian is useless against you . '' 
 his hard mouth quirked to one side in amusement . 
 `` but devon 's not . '' 
 the smile slipped from his face , his eyes darted worriedly behind her as the others filtered further into the room . 
 `` i will fight it . '' 
 `` and he will destroy you if you do . 
 you will either tell us , or you wo n't be the same afterward . 
 those are your only choices . 
 you have until tomorrow to decide . '' 
 she turned away from him , suddenly needing to escape . 
 needing to get as far from this monster as possible before she snapped completely . 
 her skin itched , her heart beat rapidly in her chest ; her need to escape became almost frantic . 
 devon came swiftly toward her , seeming to sense her intense desperation . 
 `` come on . '' 
 taking hold of her hand he led her into the small side room . 
 cassie was surprised to find a ladder door pulled down into the middle of the room . 
 she frowned at it , her gaze darting up the ladder to the dark space beyond . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` the attic . 
 luther found it while we were gone . '' 
 he helped her up the ladder , staying behind her as she climbed swiftly up the rickety stairs . 
 she stepped into the small attic space , glancing around at the wooden beams that ran across the ceiling , and the old curtains that covered the tiny windows . 
 it was slightly colder up here ; she wrapped her arms around herself in an attempt to fight off the chill . 
 devon appeared behind her , crouching down to avoid the beams that ran across the ceiling . 
 moving slowly along , he was bent nearly double as he tugged a group of sleeping bags from behind a few old boxes . 
 `` i put these up here earlier . 
 i thought you might need some time alone . '' 
 cassie nodded , tears of gratitude burning her eyes as he laid the sleeping bags swiftly out . 
 he made a makeshift bed quickly before turning back to her . 
 she could only stare at him for a moment , admiring the play of shadows across his magnificent face , and the glow in his emerald eyes . 
 her heart swelled with love and pride . 
 he was hers and there was nothing that she would n't do for him , nothing that she would not give him . 
 `` you know they have already given me vampire blood , and i am no different than i was before . '' 
 he looked slightly taken aback by her words . 
 his mouth parted in surprise , his eyes widened slightly . 
 but she could also sense the spark of hunger , want , and need that shot through him . 
 the hunger and need that he would never admit to , and tried to keep as hidden from her as much as possible though she knew that it was always present . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` i want this devon , '' she whispered . 
 he stared at her for a moment , hesitant and worried . 
 `` as do i , '' he groaned in a hoarse voice . 
 `` but there is no way of knowing what would happen if you were changed . '' 
 she bit her bottom lip nervously , hating the fact that he was right , hating the fact that she could not be with him completely right now . 
 it had taken her awhile to even decide that she wanted to join him . 
 and it seemed that from the moment she had decided she wanted it , everything had gone to hell , everything had aligned against them ever being together completely . 
 she did n't want to think that it was some sort of omen , did n't want to think that the fates had aligned against them , but it was hard not to sometimes . 
 she just had to remind herself that it was not fate that had aligned against them , but horrid men like the ones tied up below . 
 taking a deep breath , cassie decided to try another route , one that would give them both what they wanted . 
 `` then do n't change me , not yet anyway . 
 not until all of this is over , and i wo n't be needed for the battle as much ... '' `` cassie ! '' 
 he hissed , his hands fisting . 
 `` this has nothing to do with needing you in battle , and everything to do with my fear over what could happen to you . '' 
 cassie sighed softly as she nodded . 
 `` i know that devon , '' she whispered , hoping to ease the tension radiating from him . 
 `` but i want to be with you forever , and once this is over i want you to change me , consequences be damned . '' 
 `` cassie ... '' `` but until then , i just want to know what it is like to taste you , to have your blood inside of me . '' 
 he inhaled sharply , his hands fisted so tight that the corded muscles of his arms stood out starkly . 
 she could see the fierce war he was waging with himself , the struggle for control that he was trying to maintain . 
 she thought that he would deny her again , that he would argue with her . 
 instead , he bent to pull the sleeping bags back , holding his hand out as he beckoned welcomingly to her . 
 cassie 's heart leapt into her throat , excitement tore through her . 
 she desperately needed this , desperately needed him . 
 she did not hesitate as she hurried forward , slipping her hand easily into his . 
 he helped her between the blankets before sliding in next to her and wrapping it tightly around them . 
 cassie savored in the strength of his hard body , pressing herself closer to him as he enveloped her . 
 she could feel the excited hum of tension radiating from him as she rested her cheek on his hard chest . 
 he ran his hand over her hair and face , caressing her gently . 
 she lay with him for a long time , relishing in him , and his love . 
 she lifted her face to his , kissing him gently , losing herself to the feel of his hard lips against hers , losing herself to the wonder of him . 
 his hand tightened on the back of her head , pulling her tighter , deepening the kiss . 
 cassie 's body thrummed with excitement , her heart hammered wildly in her chest as she opened her mouth to his invasion . 
 his tongue swept in , caressing her , loving her . 
 cassie sighed softly , going limp against him as she gave herself over to his touch , smell , and taste . 
 there was nothing as wonderful as he was ; nothing as all consuming and needed . 
 and she did need him , desperately . 
 she needed every aspect of him . 
 he rolled her slowly over , pressing her into the sleeping bags as he continued to touch and caress her . 
 unlike the other times when things had become this passionate and intense , she felt no panic , no sense of self consciousness . 
 she did not think about the many women in his past , but only of him and everything that he was to her , everything that he would always be . 
 `` cassie , '' he breathed in her ear . 
 she shivered , her fingers curled into his back as tears of pure joy burned her eyes . 
 his lips pulled back , his teeth brushed lightly over her neck as he scraped his fangs against her skin . 
 cassie clung tighter to him , shaking in anticipation of what was to come . 
 she gasped , ecstasy filling her when he bit deep . 
 tears spilled down her face , her fingers dug into his hair as she cradled him against her . 
 his contentment filled her ; his hunger suffused her . 
 he encompassed her completely , filling her with the golden warmth of his pure love and joy . 
 he pulled slowly away from her , not closing the wounds in her neck as he bit deep into his wrist . 
 cassie winced at the pain it must have caused him , but he showed not even a flicker of response . 
 he watched her intently ; his eyes ablaze with desire and need as he lifted his wrist to her mouth . 
 cassie stared at him for a moment before grasping hold of him and bringing his wrist slowly to her mouth . 
 his eyes widened and then narrowed with pleasure , his arm tightened around her as he pulled her closer . 
 cassie hesitated , it was blood after all , but it was the want in his eyes , the tension and desire in his body that drove her forward . 
 he groaned when she bit down , his eyes closed in ecstasy as he pulled her against his chest , holding her gently . 
 the blood was strange , metallic tasting and warm , but it was not unpleasant , and in fact it had a sweetness to it that she found surprising . 
 cassie drifted on the contentment that flowed through her , drifted as he filled her . 
 she could stay like this forever , never changing a thing , never leaving the secure embrace of his arms . 
 *** devon watched cassie as she slept soundly , curled up on her side , her hands tucked beneath her head . 
 she was unbelievably beautiful and serene , her face lax , her features gentle and calm . 
 it was the first time he had seen her at peace in so very long , even yesterday she had not slept soundly , but had tossed and turned and moaned as if she were in pain . 
 not today though , today she was an angel with no worries , no cares , and that 's the way he wanted to keep it . 
 at least for a little while . 
 he cradled her gently , unable to believe that she was his , unable to believe that she gave her love and her blood to him so freely . 
 unable to believe that he had been blessed with such a wonderful person , especially after everything he had done in his long , miserable life . 
 he nuzzled her hair gently , savoring in the sweet scent of her . 
 though he could taste the lingering remnants of julian 's blood in her , he did not smell julian upon her anymore which was a good sign that julian 's blood was swiftly fading from her system . 
 it was his blood he smelled upon her now , his blood that pulsed through her system , marking her as his own . 
 even though he wanted her by his side forever , for now he was more than content to hold her , taste her , and love her . 
 he glanced around the cramped room , grateful for its distance from the others . 
 when they were out of this mess , he would think about taking her completely . 
 he might consider making her his forever , but not here , not in this place , and not with the horror haunting them outside of this building . 
 and not with the uncertainty of what that change might do to her hanging over their heads . 
 she deserved something special and wonderful , and she deserved the peace she had not experienced in years . 
 and he sure as hell did n't want her monster of a father anywhere near them when it happened . 
 she stirred slightly , her long lashes fluttered open . 
 her violet blue eyes were groggy with sleep , but she smiled beautifully up at him . 
 he bent to her , kissing her gently , tasting his blood upon her lips as he relished in her . 
 his body tensed as he fought the intense desire to lose himself in her completely . 
 but he could n't do it , not right now anyway . 
 pulling away , he caressed the silken curve of her cheek . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` wonderful , '' she purred , curling up against him . 
 `` simply wonderful . '' 
 he could n't stop the satisfied grin that spread over his face . 
 `` good . 
 are you hungry ? '' 
 `` not hungry enough to leave here right now . '' 
 he chuckled softly , pulling her tighter against him as he rolled onto his back . 
 she lay against his chest , her hair spilling across the both of them . 
 `` when will you change me devon ? '' 
 he stiffened beneath her , his hands clenched at her back . 
 `` cassie , because you can handle vampire blood does not mean that the change would not have dire consequences for you . '' 
 she yawned before shaking her head forcefully . 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 he sighed softly , stroking his hand gently through her silken hair . 
 he knew that it was what they both wanted , desperately , but there were more consequences than what might become of her . 
 `` and the fact that you will never see sunlight again ? '' 
 she bit her bottom lip , her eyes darkened as delicate frown lines marred her forehead . 
 `` it 's a small price to pay . '' 
 `` cassie ... '' she shook her head as she propped her chin on her hands to stare down at him . 
 `` i want this devon , more than i have ever wanted anything . 
 i want nothing more than to know that i will spend eternity with you . '' 
 he groaned as he closed his eyes , fighting against his baser urges . 
 fighting to stay under control while her wonderful words echoed loudly in his head . 
 `` and if things go wrong ? '' 
 `` we will deal with them then . '' 
 he sighed , cupping her cheek gently with his hand . 
 she leaned into him , smiling softly as she stared innocently down at him . 
 `` what if i lose you ? '' 
 `` you 'll lose me anyway if i stay mortal . 
 i think my body can handle this devon , i 'm almost positive that it can . 
 you wo n't lose me , i wo n't allow it . '' 
 he could n't help but smile at the fierce conviction in her voice , the intensity in her face and eyes . 
 `` i 'm sure that you will do whatever you can , but ... '' she shook her head ; her eyes twinkled as she grinned down at him . 
 `` no buts , we 'll get through it , look at how much we 've already gotten through . 
 this is a small hurdle compared to the others . '' 
 he smiled at her in amusement , tugging lightly on her hair as he wrapped it around his finger . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 `` very much so . '' 
 his grin faded as he stared at her beautiful features , and bright , hopeful eyes . 
 he wanted nothing more than to keep her by his side forever , but he did n't want to risk the danger such a thing represented to her . 
 `` besides , since i am your mate then everything has to be completed right ? '' 
 his hand stilled on her , his chest constricted . 
 `` that is the way that it is supposed to be , but this is a special case cassie . 
 we may never be able too . '' 
 her eyes darkened , her eyebrows drew tightly together as she frowned at him . 
 `` we will , '' she said forcefully . 
 `` are you willing to give up children ? 
 a family ? '' 
 she snorted softly as she shook her head . 
 `` i gave up hopes of children years ago devon , when i found out what i was . 
 and my family is here , with us . 
 just because we do n't share blood does n't mean that they are n't my family . 
 hell , the one i do share blood with is the one that i do n't consider family . '' 
 pain and anger resonated in her voice , but there was also a steel rod of strength hardening her jaw and resonating from her eyes . 
 `` but you could have children ; you do n't have to give up that dream . '' 
 she shook her head forcefully , her frown deepened as her eyes narrowed . 
 her jaw clenched slightly , her nostrils flared as she eyed him angrily . 
 she was one of the most stubborn people he had ever run across , and right now that streak was blazing brightly . 
 there would be no talking her out of this right now he knew that , just as he knew that he did n't really wish too . 
 he only had her best interests at heart , but he also wanted and loved her more than he had ever loved or wanted anything . 
 `` no , '' she whispered . 
 `` i would rather have you . '' 
 he managed a sad smile for her , knowing that she deserved to have children and a normal life , but a normal life had never been her destiny . 
 even before he had walked into it , her life had been chaotic and uncertain . 
 but she still could have children , and she would make an amazing mother . 
 `` you share my blood , '' he said , trying to distract himself from his turbulent thoughts . 
 cassie shivered , her lips parted slightly . 
 he recognized the desire that blazed fiercely through her and reacted to it instantly . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered . 
 he tugged on her hair , pulling her down to him . 
 he claimed her mouth savagely , wanting so much more , wanting all of her . 
 taking her blood on a regular basis helped to keep the beast within him under control , but he wondered if it would always stay that way . 
 or if eventually the beast would want more , as the man did . 
 a loud crash downstairs tore him away from her . 
 wood splintered as glass shattered . 
 devon tossed the blankets from them , leaping easily to his feet as a cry of surprise and horror echoed up the stairs . 
 `` stay here ! '' 
 he ordered briskly . 
 he did n't have time to make sure she obeyed his command as he hurried swiftly forward , easily dodging the low ceiling . 
 he ignored the stairs as he jumped down , landing gracefully upon the floor . 
 the front of the store was still secure ; cassie 's father was tied to the chair , his eyes wide with terror . 
 another crash sounded from the back as devon bounded forward , oblivious to the fact that he wore no shoes , or shirt . 
 chapter 9 cassie leapt down the stairs behind devon , landing silently upon the hardwood floor . 
 her father 's eyes were bulging out of his head , panic evident on the hard lines of his face . 
 `` let me out of here ! '' 
 he gasped . 
 `` stay quiet ! '' 
 she hissed . 
 she moved swiftly forward , her blood pumping fiercely , a strange thrill of power pulsing through her . 
 she was primed for this fight , ready for it , determined to win . 
 a loud crash resonated from the back , shaking the floor beneath her feet , but she hardly felt it as she honed in on her enemy , her prey . 
 passing by the racks of hunting equipment , she grabbed one of the knives they had placed there earlier . 
 it was a wicked looking foot long bowie , with a gleaming , well honed blade . 
 she felt oddly tranquil , oddly focused as she strode toward the chaos she could hear radiating from the back room . 
 she stepped into the fray , her mind and instincts rapidly taking in the scene . 
 five of the creatures had burst through two of the back windows , glass lay scattered across the floor amongst the broken bits of wood that had been used to try and blockade the windows . 
 annabelle and liam were fighting off one , julian was engaged with another . 
 devon had one , and chris and melissa were methodically beating on the fourth , while luther and dani were battling the fifth . 
 cassie strode into the fray , aiming straight for the one that chris and melissa were struggling with . 
 another one leapt through the window , squealing with delight as it spotted her , cassie lifted her eyebrow as it raced at her . 
 she braced herself for its attack , eager to take out some of her frustrations on something . 
 the fight was short and brutal . 
 cassie ducked away from its initial rush , thrusting the blade upward as she drove it into the creature 's chest . 
 it howled in pain , falling back as it clawed at the wound she had just delivered . 
 cassie felt no sympathy , held no remorse as she pulled the blade free and drew it swiftly across the monsters throat , driving it deep . 
 her mind seemed to turn off as she moved swiftly away from the mutilated monster , heading for her next victim . 
 she barely heard devon calling her name , trying to reach her through the red haze of annihilation pumping through her as she turned toward the next monster . 
 however , her world was no longer filled with thoughts of the living , and the people she loved ; it was consumed with death and destruction once more . 
 she moved easily , flowing swiftly through the motions of battle , drawing on her training and abilities to help push her through . 
 to keep her going , fighting , moving . 
 she blocked out everything else as she drew on thousands of years of intuition and breeding as she hunted down her next victim . 
 *** devon shoved aside the creature he had been fighting with , struggling to get at cassie as she spun beautifully , moving with the easy grace of a ballerina as she slit the monsters throat . 
 for a moment he was mesmerized by her beauty , her grace , the speed and confidence with which she struck . 
 but it was only for a moment , and then he realized that it was not natural . 
 the way she was moving , the speed of it , christ she was almost as fast as he and julian . 
 and she seemed to be twice as deadly at the moment . 
 devon snapped out of his stunned daze as one of the creature 's grabbed hold of her arm . 
 terror took over him as she battled the last creature within the room . 
 he hardly had time to move before she slammed her elbow into its jaw , snapping its head back . 
 with the things throat exposed , cassie drew the blade swiftly across its neck before plunging it deep into the creature 's chest . 
 she flinched slightly as blood splattered over her . 
 devon 's chest clenched tightly , terror filled him as she reached up with trembling fingers to wipe some of the blood from her cheek . 
 the room was eerily quiet after the battle , the hushed silence thick in the night . 
 cassie held her hand in front of her , staring at the blood on her fingers as she rubbed it slowly back and forth between her thumb and index finger . 
 melissa flinched at the sharp sound of cassie 's knife clattering onto the wooden floor . 
 she spun suddenly , her hair flailing around her as she stormed out of the backroom . 
 devon burst into motion , pushing liam aside as he bolted after her , greatly afraid of what she might do . 
 she did not flee outside like he had half expected , but instead turned the corner toward her father . 
 devon cursed loudly , shoving a shelf out of his way in order to get to her faster . 
 he no longer cared about noise as it bounced loudly off the ground , its contents crashing and rolling across the floor . 
 devon caught up to her as she stopped before her father , her eyes a vivid red , her body shaking as she lifted her blood stained fingers toward him . 
 devon froze , his body going numb with horror . 
 `` what did you do to me ? '' 
 she whispered in a hoarse , desperate voice that broke his heart and caused tentacles of ice to encase him . 
 the man simply stared at her , his gaze focusing on the trembling fingers she held before him . 
 a single drop fell from her tips ; the soft splat on the wood was loud in the quiet that filled the room . 
 the others shuffled in slowly behind him , remaining perfectly silent in the darkened room . 
 `` what did you do to me !? '' 
 cassie screamed causing everyone to jump slightly in startled surprise . 
 her father lifted his head slowly ; his eyes gleamed as a small snarl curved his lip . 
 `` what needed to be done . '' 
 devon felt the snap that radiated out of her , the fury that blazed from her . 
 the hatred that suffused her . 
 it thundered through the room , filling it with the pulsating power of her rage . 
 her hands fisted tightly , and for a moment devon thought she was going to hit him . 
 then , like a sucking vortex , the rage seemed to go back into her . 
 the trembling of her body eased , her hands unclenched . 
 `` you 're not worth it , '' she whispered . 
 `` you 're not worth anything . '' 
 he quirked an eyebrow , a small smile curved his mouth . 
 `` it seems you may be one experiment that succeeded . '' 
 `` son of a bitch ! '' 
 julian snarled , taking a step toward him . 
 cassie held up her hand , warding him away . 
 `` maybe i am , '' she agreed softly . 
 she turned away from him , her red eyes landing upon devon . 
 there was a bleak hopelessness in them that tore at his soul . 
 he took a step toward her . 
 `` if you wo n't do it , i will . '' 
 melissa stormed out of the shadows , striding easily across the store . 
 before cassie could stop her , melissa reached out and slapped cassie 's father , hard . 
 the slap resonated throughout the building , derek 's head snapped to the side . 
 `` you deserve worse , '' melissa muttered . 
 shock filled devon as melissa took a step back ; her hands fisted in anger as she glared at the man in the chair . 
 derek 's head came slowly back around , a trickle of blood formed in the corner of his mouth . 
 then the smell of that blood hit him . 
 cassie 's burst of rage was nothing compared to the one that instantly suffused him , and ripped free of julian . 
 chapter 10 cassie gasped as devon 's eyes flared a fierce shade of red and his fangs elongated almost instantly . 
 hatred blazed out of him as he took a step forward . 
 terror tore through cassie , she had no idea what was going on , or what had caused such a violent reaction in him . 
 she turned to julian , who had the same stunned look on his face that devon had had . 
 then that look also faded into murderous rampage as he snarled loudly . 
 cassie spun as julian charged forward , picking up a shelf and heaving it out of his way . 
 melissa 's face was suffused in horror ; she retreated swiftly away from the two of them . 
 derek 's eyes widened in terror , he bounced up and down on the chair , strangled sounds of panic escaping him as he tried to get away from julian 's onward charge . 
 cassie cried out in fear . 
 she did n't know what had happened , what had caused this strange reaction , but julian was going to kill him , and she could n't allow that to happen . 
 she lurched forward , but devon reacted faster than she did . 
 he jumped in front of her , blocking julian from killing her father . 
 julian reached out to push devon aside , but devon grabbed hold of his arm , holding him back . 
 `` get out of my way ! '' 
 julian snarled . 
 cassie 's heart flipped with panic , her stomach felt as if it plummeted straight to the ground . 
 she had no idea what was going on here , no idea what had set them off , but she was fairly certain they were going to end up fighting . 
 that they may even kill each other . 
 `` wait ! 
 stop ! '' 
 she cried . 
 she took a step toward them , but devon held up his hand , his furious eyes briefly snapping toward her . 
 `` stay there ! '' 
 he barked . 
 cassie started in surprise ; he never talked to her like that , he never raised his voice to her . 
 her shock was short lived though as anger and frustration rose swiftly up inside her . 
 she took a step toward them , refusing to be intimidated by either of them , even though they both looked about ready to rip her father to shreds . 
 though she knew that neither of them would ever hurt her , they were acting crazy right now and she had no idea why . 
 luther moved swiftly , grabbing hold of her arm as he pulled her swiftly back . 
 `` luther ! '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` stay out of this one , '' luther said softly . 
 frustration boiled through her . 
 devon pushed julian back another step , blocking his attempt to get at her father again . 
 julian snarled , lunging forward . 
 a startled cry of horror escaped cassie , she tried to jerk free of luther , but he held her tight . 
 julian slammed hard into devon , knocking him back a few feet but devon managed to keep her father protected from julian 's rampage . 
 julian went at him again , using his shoulder he slammed hard into devon 's ribs . 
 the loud cracking of bone echoed through the air . 
 panic and horror tore through her as julian shoved devon into the wall with enough force to rattle things off the shelves near them . 
 cassie lunged forward , determined to get to them , to stop them before they really hurt each other . 
 luther 's grip on her held momentarily , but then she burst free of him . 
 she was darting forward when liam stepped in front of her , his eyes narrowed . 
 cassie glared fiercely at him , but he continued to block her . 
 a fierce shout snapped her head back to the fight . 
 devon had somehow managed to rotate their positions , he now had julian pinned against the wall , his hand wrapped tight around his throat as he lifted him off the ground . 
 cassie squeaked in horror , liam continued to block her as she tried to step around him . 
 `` liam ! '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` stay back , '' he warned . 
 julian swung out hard , catching devon beneath his chin and snapping his head back . 
 devon staggered back a step , but he did not lose his grip on julian . 
 devon lifted him easily away from the wall , acting as if julian weighed no more than a feather as he slammed him back into the wall . 
 julian 's eyes rolled for a brief moment , but he quickly regained control of himself . 
 cassie dimly realized that they were not actually trying to kill each other . 
 if that was the case this fight would be a lot more brutal . 
 however , they were hurting each other . 
 `` calm down , '' devon growled , placing his hand firmly against julian 's chest . 
 `` he 's mine ! '' 
 julian spat , his face twisted with fury as his gaze briefly landed upon derek . 
 cassie froze ; her limbs went numb as devon 's gaze came slowly toward her . 
 she could see the hesitation in his face , the fierce want for something more , the fierce battle he waged with himself between making her happy , and satisfying the monster within himself . 
 those red eyes burned into her . 
 for some strange reason , the unexplainable urge to cry seized hold of her . 
 a lump formed in her throat , her eyes burned as she blinked rapidly . 
 there was something in his gaze , something so lost and wounded , yet loving and protective that it left her breathless . 
 devon turned slowly away from her , focusing upon julian once more . 
 `` yes , he 's yours , '' devon relented . 
 `` but you ca n't kill him until we know what he knows . '' 
 cassie cried out in horror , she took another step forward but liam blocked her again . 
 she glared fiercely up at him , her hands fisting at her sides . 
 he was really starting to get on her nerves . 
 `` fine , '' julian relented . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 cassie cried , her eyes darting frantically to her father . 
 liam moved to block her again . 
 `` get out of my way ! '' 
 she snapped , frustration boiling rapidly through her as she fought the urge to punch him in the face . 
 liam hesitated for a moment , but finally relented and stepped slowly aside . 
 cassie bolted past him as devon released julian , letting him slide slowly back to the floor . 
 though his reddened neck had to be killing him , julian did not raise a hand to it . 
 he took a step toward her father , but cassie instantly thrust herself in between them . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she shouted , throwing her arms wide to block him . 
 derek was still making strange noises , his chair pounded up and down on the floor as he tried to hop it further away from them . 
 though it was strangely out of place in the pulsing tension of the room , the sudden thought of chunk tied to his chair trying to get away from sloth in the goonies popped into her mind . 
 she shook it instantly away , her father 's life was at stake here she had to keep her mind focused on the present . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` no , '' she interrupted devon sharply . 
 `` this is not going to happen . 
 i know that you both hate him , but i will not let you kill him in cold blood . 
 i know what a monster he is , but he is still my father ! '' 
 `` cassie ... '' `` no ! '' 
 she screamed again , sick and tired of all the crap . 
 sick and tired of all the fighting and anger . 
 why ca n't we all just get along flashed through her head , but she knew that it was impossible . 
 and she also knew that she would not allow anyone to be murdered in cold blood . 
 not while she was around . 
 `` no ! '' 
 the chair stopped clattering across the floor as derek came up against a shelf . 
 merchandise rattled against the metal shelves , but nothing fell to the floor . 
 a strange whimper escaped the man . 
 cassie winced , hating his terror , even if he had done worse to her , even if he did deserve it . 
 devon and julian took a step toward her . 
 they would never hurt her , but she was acutely reminded of the fact that they were larger , and far more powerful than she was . 
 no matter how much of a fight she put up , they could forcefully move her out of the way if they chose to do so . 
 though she did n't think devon would do that to her , julian seemed determined to get at derek . 
 narrowing her eyes , cassie braced herself for the battle . 
 they would have to go through her to get to him . 
 she glanced back at the sounds of shuffling behind her . 
 dani and luther had taken up residence in front of her father . 
 chris glanced rapidly between cassie and derek before sighing softly and moving reluctantly over to stand behind her . 
 he glanced briefly at her before dropping his head down . 
 melissa eventually moved to stand beside chris , but liam and annabelle hung back , seemingly torn , and looking more than a little confused . 
 devon took another step closer . 
 panic descended upon her , he was going to force her to move , and if he did so , things would never be the same between them again . 
 she could never forgive him for standing back and allowing her father to be viciously murdered . 
 her heart lumbered painfully in her chest . 
 his beloved emerald eyes were caring and intent as he stopped before her . 
 `` cassie . '' 
 her arms trembled , she braced herself for him to grab hold of her and move her , but he did not . 
 `` cassie , that man is not your father . '' 
 the breath whooshed out of her in an explosive exhale . 
 her chest constricted tightly , disbelief and confusion swirled through her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she gasped , shaking her head forcefully in denial . 
 `` that ca n't be ... what !? '' 
 devon 's eyes were caring , warm , so unbelievably loving . 
 `` he 's not your father cassie . '' 
 her arms fell limply to her sides , shock stuttered through her . 
 she shook her head , unable to believe what he was saying . 
 just what the hell was he saying ? 
 `` how could you possibly know that ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` his blood . '' 
 cassie frowned in confusion . 
 `` like knows like , blood knows blood , '' julian growled . 
 `` that blood is nothing like yours . 
 it smells nothing like yours , and it certainly does n't belong to a hunter . 
 he is not your father . '' 
 cassie could n't breathe , she could n't think . 
 she tried hard to process this information , but it would not slip into place when her world was tilting so precariously at the moment . 
 `` he lied , '' devon said gently . 
 cassie shook her head . 
 she wondered where her anger was , but it completely escaped her as she could find none when there should be lots of it . 
 there was only a sad acceptance , and a joyful relief that left her shaken and weak . 
 `` he 's not my father ? '' 
 she breathed . 
 `` no . '' 
 cassie heaved a soft sigh , inhaling shakily as she turned slowly around . 
 `` ok , ok good . '' 
 the man , this stranger that she did n't know , was watching her with wide , terrified eyes . 
 the others had moved out of the way , apparently having decided that he was now fair game for julian and devon . 
 a strangled cry escaped him ; he fought desperately against the bonds that held him to the chair . 
 though she knew he was not her father , she still could not stop the rush of sympathy that swamped her . 
 because of this man she knew what it was like to feel trapped , helpless , at the absolute mercy of other people . 
 but where he had shown her no compassion , she would show him some . 
 `` why did you lie ? '' 
 his eyes zinged rapidly around the room , apparently looking for something that he would not find . 
 wild , stuttering noises escaped him , but he formed no coherent words . 
 cassie 's heart wrenched . 
 she could not do this to him , it was not fair . 
 devon grasped hold of her arm as she took a step toward the strange man . 
 `` cassie . '' 
 she touched his hand gently , needing him to understand this , even if she did n't . 
 `` it 's ok . '' 
 he hesitated , his jaw clenching . 
 devon gave her arm a brief squeeze before slowly releasing her . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 julian hissed softly . 
 devon held up his hand , holding julian back when he came forward . 
 `` wait , '' he ordered gruffly . 
 `` are you out of your freaking mind ? '' 
 at devon 's head shake , julian continued . 
 `` is she !? '' 
 cassie knelt before the stranger . 
 he cowered away from her , but she made no move toward him . 
 though she did not like his terror , she did feel he deserved at least a little of it . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the man simply stared at her , his breathing rapid , his eyes still bulging wildly . 
 cassie rested her hand lightly on his leg , seeking to offer him some reassurance , but he instantly jerked away . 
 for the first time , something other than terror , shone from him . 
 he stared hard at her , his lip curled in revulsion . 
 cassie sighed as she leaned back . 
 it did n't matter what she offered him , he was still repulsed and disgusted by her . 
 she found the fact did n't bother her as much now . 
 `` fine , you hate me , i do n't care . 
 but we need to know what you know . '' 
 she glanced toward where julian and devon stood side by side . 
 she was briefly amused by the fact that they probably did n't realize they were standing identically , with their arms folded over their chests , their legs braced , as they watched her with nearly identical expressions of disbelief . 
 they may not know exactly how they felt about each other right now , but it was apparent that they were still very in tune with one another . 
 `` if you do n't talk to me than julian will be the one to find that out . '' 
 julian 's full lips curled into a small smile as he gave her a sharp , approving nod . 
 the man sputtered more disbelieving noises that drew cassie 's attention back to him . 
 `` he wo n't hurt you ... '' `` like hell ! '' 
 julian snapped , his pleasure vanishing instantly . 
 devon placed his hand firmly against julian 's chest as he held him back . 
 julian glared fiercely back at him , his eyes flaring red , and his temper heating at the thought of being denied his revenge . 
 cassie ignored him as she continued on . 
 `` but this is going to happen . '' 
 *** devon stood silently ; watching intently as cassie leaned forward again , instinctively going to comfort the monster before her before she thought twice of it . 
 she sighed softly ; her hands fell helplessly back to her thighs again . 
 he wanted to go to her , to pull her away from that man , to get her as far from the monster as possible . 
 but she would fight him and for some reason , that he could n't even begin to fathom , she was bent on comforting the man that had held her captive and tortured her endlessly . 
 she had always been a bit of a puzzle to him , but right now she was a downright enigma . 
 she sat for a moment longer , the deep sadness in her eyes almost more than he could bear . 
 but , eventually , she stood slowly away from him . 
 though devon wanted to go to her , he remained where he was , waiting for her to come to him . 
 whatever was going on inside her , she had to sort it out for herself . 
 finally , she turned and hurried toward him . 
 devon opened his arms to her , relief filling him as he enveloped her tightly . 
 bringing her close to him , he buried his face in her hair , savoring in the delicious scent of her . 
 he would never understand her completely , and she would never cease to amaze him , but he loved her more than he had ever thought possible . 
 pushing her thick hair gently back , he kissed her silken skin lightly . 
 she shivered as she pressed closer to him . 
 her bright eyes met his , a soft smile spread across her full mouth as he kissed her . 
 a tightness began to build in him , he clung to her as he fought the rising desire and lust that built rapidly within him . 
 he pressed his forehead against hers as he pulled away , lightly stroking her face with his fingers . 
 `` i need you to go out back with everyone while i talk to julian . '' 
 she opened her mouth to protest , but he quickly cut her off . 
 `` it will just be for a minute , and there is something that we need to discuss . 
 and we need to get those windows boarded back up . '' 
 she frowned for a moment before nodding swiftly . 
 `` ok . '' 
 devon did not want to release her ; he did not want her out of his eyesight for even a minute , especially with those things running around . 
 but this had to be done , and it would not be long . 
 she stepped out of his arms , frowning at julian as she gave him a fierce , determined look . 
 `` do n't hurt him , '' she ordered briskly . 
 julian quirked an eyebrow as surprise , disbelief , and something akin to amazement flitted across his features . 
 `` if he fights it , it will hurt . '' 
 cassie hesitated for a moment , her gaze darted toward the man watching them intently . 
 `` try your best not to . '' 
 julian 's mouth dropped as he shot devon a look that clearly asked if she was out of her mind . 
 devon shook his head at him , trying to silence him before he could say anymore . 
 julian 's mouth snapped shut , his arms folded over his chest as he studied cassie . 
 it was obvious that he was trying to figure her out , but devon knew that was impossible . 
 she moved slowly toward everyone else . 
 chris wrapped his arm around her shoulders , pulling her tight against his side as his head dropped against hers . 
 melissa and luther enveloped her sides , pressing tight to her in an effort to comfort her . 
 annabelle and liam held back for a moment before turning and disappearing into the back of the store with dani . 
 `` is she serious ? '' 
 julian asked softly . 
 a bewildered expression was on julian 's face , his ice colored eyes were wide with disbelief and uncertainty . 
 `` yes . '' 
 julian blinked in surprise before turning toward the stranger in the chair . 
 `` after what they , what he did to us in there ? '' 
 julian thrust an accusatory finger at the panicked man in the chair . 
 devon could not bring himself to look at the man again . 
 if he did , he was greatly afraid that he just might kill the bastard himself . 
 though he knew cassie 's wishes , even if he did n't understand them , he also knew what he wanted to do to the man . 
 what should be done to the man . 
 and if it meant keeping her safe , he was going to do whatever it took to make sure this man never hurt her again , even if she did n't like it . 
 he was not going to lose her again , and this man was the biggest threat to that happening . 
 `` you heard what she said . '' 
 julian spun back toward him , his jaw clenched and unclenched as he ground his teeth . 
 frustration boiled from him , murder radiated out of him . 
 devon shuddered , his own murderous urges simmering just beneath the surface . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 devon closed his eyes , taking a moment to steady himself . 
 `` neither do i , '' he admitted . 
 `` but cassie is different than us ; she 's everything that is good and right in the world . '' 
 julian 's eyes flickered , narrowing slightly . 
 `` it 's why i love her ; it 's why we both love her . '' 
 though it killed him to say those words , he knew that they were true . 
 julian did love her ; even if he did n't understand her at all . 
 julian would do whatever he could for her , he would keep her safe , and he would do anything he could to make her happy . 
 but they both knew that this could not be one of those times . 
 julian studied him intently , his eyes hooded and thoughtful . 
 devon 's hands clenched as he fought the urge to punch julian . 
 he did not blame him for loving cassie , it was impossible not to , but she belonged to him , and the thought of another person coveting her was enough to make him want to snap . 
 `` is that why we love her ? '' 
 julian inquired softly . 
 `` or is it because of the darkness inside of her ? 
 is it because we both know that something else resides in her , and we both respond to it ? '' 
 devon started in surprise , his eyes narrowed fiercely . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he growled . 
 julian quirked an eyebrow , though that movement was usually one of amusement , there was no humor in him now . 
 `` you know what i mean devon . 
 yes , she is exceedingly giving and caring and loving , but there is darkness in her . 
 that darkness was there even before those bastards took us . 
 i recognized it in her from the beginning , and if you really think about it , you did too . 
 so , was it her goodness , or her darkness that pulled us both in ? '' 
 devon opened his mouth to protest julian 's statement , but he snapped it quickly closed . 
 he knew what cassie was , he knew better than anyone what she was capable of , but he had never truly acknowledged what was inside of her . 
 he thought back to when he had first seen her , when he had been drawn to her like a moth to a flame . 
 her inner light had shone brilliantly against the dark night surrounding her ; she had stood out against the crowd of students gathered around her . 
 though he had not known what she was , he had been unable to resist her ; unable to leave her side from the moment he had seen her . 
 but he had believed that it had been her light that had pulled him in , but had it also been the darkness inside of her ? 
 had he also been drawn in by the power that had taking control of her , and enabled her to kill isla even before she had been experimented on , tortured endlessly , and injected with julian 's blood ? 
 had the darkness , and the monster inside of him , recognized its kin in her ? 
 devon hated the thought , but it was one that he had to face . 
 he hated the demon inside of him . 
 cassie had enabled him to keep that beast locked away as best he could , but she also had one inside of her , lurking beneath the surface , waiting to break free . 
 waiting to destroy whatever enemy it had to destroy . 
 though he truly believed she was everything good , he also knew that there was a shadow inside of her . 
 that there always had been . 
 `` it does n't matter what pulled us in , '' devon said softly , though he wanted to believe it was only the good , for both of them . 
 `` we 're both here now , and the good in her far outweighs the evil . '' 
 `` does it ? '' 
 devon spun on him , his hands fisting at his sides . 
 `` yes , it does . 
 i know what pulled me in ! '' 
 he hissed . 
 `` it may not be the same for you , and i do n't care , but we will not kill him . '' 
 julian studied him for a moment . 
 `` i do n't know what pulled me in , '' he admitted . 
 `` even before i began to have suspicions about her abilities , i found myself oddly obsessed with her . 
 at first i told myself it was just for revenge against you , and a challenge , but if i truly think about it i believe it was more . 
 i wanted her from the beginning ... '' `` julian ! '' 
 devon snarled , unwilling to listen to him talk about his desire for cassie . 
 amusement finally flickered over julian 's features . 
 `` ok , '' he said , laughing softly . 
 `` i get it , do n't poke the bear . '' 
 `` screw you , '' devon spat at him , his lip curling . 
 `` you 're an ass . '' 
 `` yes , '' he agreed . 
 `` but , i 'm an ass with a point . 
 you and i both know that to change her is dangerous . 
 to all of us . '' 
 `` that 's why i do n't intend to change her , not unless we know she will be safe . '' 
 julian rolled his eyes as he heaved a large sigh . 
 `` come on devon sell that line to someone else . 
 they may believe you , cassie may even believe you , but i know you . 
 i 've known you for a long long time , and you 're teetering on the edge my friend . 
 i 'm surprised you have lasted this long , but it is only a matter of time before you take what you want . 
 and she is what you want . '' 
 `` i can control it ... '' `` for now , '' julian interrupted sharply . 
 `` but you need to realize the state that you are in , and the position that you have put us all in . '' 
 devon 's jaw clenched , his gaze darted to the man in the chair . 
 he was watching them intently , listening to every word of their conversation . 
 devon glared at him , wishing that he could rip his throat out , wishing that he could sate his overwhelming thirst on the bastard . 
 the man 's eyes widened , he leaned as far away from them as possible as he recognized the murderous intent in devon 's eyes . 
 `` i have not tasted her , and though i do love her , it is not the same , '' julian said softly , his voice oddly thoughtful for julian . 
 the guy had never been thoughtful about anything . 
 `` i 've touched you both , so i know that your feelings run deeper and stronger than anything i have ever felt . 
 it is why i have stayed away from her , and why i have let you have her . 
 but i also know that she means more to me than anyone i have ever known , and i want the best for her . 
 for now , i believe that you are the best ; you are what she wants . 
 i can not give her what you can ; i 'm not ready for that yet . '' 
 devon stared at him in disbelief . 
 julian was actually being selfless ? 
 julian !? 
 it was utterly confounding to him . 
 `` i 'm just not sure if you 're what is best for her right now though . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 devon growled . 
 `` i do n't want her hurt , and changing her could hurt her . 
 and you will do it eventually , no matter what you think . '' 
 `` do you have premonitions now too ? '' 
 devon demanded . 
 julian grinned at him , a frustratingly maddening grin that devon wanted to punch right off his face . 
 `` nope , i just know you , and i know what you want . 
 i also know what she wants , and she 's damn persistent and determined . 
 and what she wants is to spend eternity with you , no matter what it might do to her . 
 when it comes to you , she has no thought of herself , or her own safety . '' 
 devon was silent , his hands fisted and un-fisted as he glared at the man in the chair . 
 there was too much frustration inside of him , too much anguish and hunger . 
 he needed to take his irritation out somewhere ; there just was n't anywhere to do it now . 
 not without risking all of their safety . 
 `` if it were n't for the fact that i know it would destroy her , that she would not survive the loss of you , i would take her away , '' julian said softly . 
 devon spun on him , rage flaring instantly through him . 
 `` you even think about taking her from me and i will destroy you ! '' 
 julian held his hands up as he took a step back from devon 's wrathful advance . 
 `` i just said that it would destroy her if she lost you , i would n't do that to her . 
 but i fear for her safety around you devon , and i fear for your sanity . '' 
 devon took a step away from him , his jaw clenched fiercely . 
 his gums ached , he could feel the familiar tingle of his fangs wanting to explode , wanting to destroy and tear and shred as they drained the life from something . 
 devon shuddered , closing his eyes as he struggled for control over his baser , instinctive urges . 
 `` do what needs to be done here . 
 find out what they did to her , and why . 
 find out who he is , find out how many of those things they created , and where the children are . 
 do it quickly julian . 
 i want to get her the hell out of this town and away from this ass . '' 
 `` but do n't hurt him , '' julian muttered , disappointment evident in his voice . 
 devon hesitated , wanting to uphold cassie 's wishes , but desperately needing some sort of revenge , some sort of relief from the itching desire to kill that was suffocating him . 
 `` do what needs to be done , '' devon growled . 
 `` whatever it takes . '' 
 julian 's eyes gleamed , his eyebrow crooked . 
 `` that 's the devon i know . '' 
 devon 's lip curled into a snarl . 
 he needed to get out of here , he needed to escape this store , he needed to hunt and kill . 
 even if he normally tried not to kill the animals he fed from , tonight that was all he wanted to do . 
 but he could not leave here ; he could not escape and leave cassie vulnerable to the monsters that hunted this town . 
 he was beginning to fear that he may be turning into an even bigger threat to all of them then the creatures outside the building . 
 devon turned away from julian , leaving him to his own devices . 
 leaving him to decide what he wished to do with the man . 
 devon would not interfere with what julian decided , no matter what cassie wanted . 
 this man had hurt her , repeatedly , deeply ; devon was n't about to make sure he remained unharmed . 
 this man was still a threat to her , and as far as devon was concerned it was best for all of them if he were dead . 
 though , he knew that julian would not kill the man . 
 he may hurt him , but he would not kill the him , not if cassie had said no . 
 devon strode into the backroom , his eyes instantly latched onto her . 
 she was standing by one of the back windows , helping to heap bags of feed before the shattered glass and wood . 
 the other three windows had already been blocked off ; the bodies had been stashed against the back wall . 
 they would need to be removed soon , before they started to smell . 
 but then , he had no intention of staying here for that long . 
 they would need to get free of here soon . 
 cassie turned toward him , her gorgeous eyes widened upon him . 
 she froze in her movements , before rising slowly to face him . 
 though he wished for nothing more than to keep the worst part of him from her , he knew that it was impossible . 
 she saw everything , she knew him far better than he wanted her to . 
 she studied him , her eyes haunted and lost , her shoulders slumping slightly as realization and acceptance settled over her . 
 he wanted her to come to him , but she did not move . 
 she knew what he had done , knew what he was allowing to happen in the other room . 
 though devon wanted nothing more than to make her happy , he could not give her this . 
 her safety was foremost , no matter what , even if it made her unhappy . 
 even if she ended up hating him for it . 
 it was time to stop letting his emotions rule him , he had inadvertently placed her in this danger because of his emotions . 
 it was time to start taking control . 
 even if it meant letting the monster rule part of him . 
 chapter 11 cassie turned away from devon as julian slowly entered the room . 
 her heart hammered , her hands shook with the fear and uncertainty pounding through her . 
 she had never seen that look in devon 's eyes before , but she knew what it was . 
 hardness enveloped him , determination clenched his jaw . 
 he was cold , distant ; hard . 
 he was not the man that she knew , and he was terrifying her at the moment . 
 would the man she knew and loved come back to her when this was over ? 
 had she lost him for good ? 
 her heart raced even faster at the thought , the blood rushed through her , hammering in her ears . 
 tremors shook her , her hands fisted tightly at her sides . 
 julian 's eyes were hooded , his head bent slightly as he studied the floor for a moment . 
 then , ever so slowly , he lifted his head to look at her . 
 cassie swallowed heavily , her heart flipped in her chest . 
 though she had always known that they were powerful , deadly ; that they were two of the meanest , cruelest vampires to ever walk this planet , she realized now that she had never truly believed it . 
 or at least she had n't wanted to believe it . 
 she had wanted to ignore that fact in the two men she had come to know and love greatly . 
 she realized now she had been mistaken in her thinking . 
 they may be more civil than most vampires , but they were not tamed . 
 they were wild , fierce , and right now they were both on edge , dark , and deadly . 
 cassie swallowed heavily ; her gaze slowly went back to devon . 
 he remained unmoving , his jaw locked tight , and his eyes as hard as steel . 
 she wanted her devon back ; she wanted the warm loving man that she knew so well . 
 but he was not there . 
 not right now anyway and she was frightened he may never be there again . 
 a lump clogged her throat , tears burned her eyes . 
 she bent her head as she fought hard against the panic trying to swamp her . 
 `` done ? '' 
 devon asked quietly . 
 julian shrugged . 
 `` for now . '' 
 `` is he alive ? '' 
 luther inquired . 
 julian quirked an eyebrow , but there was no amusement on his features . 
 `` as much as i would like to , i would n't kill a man tied to a chair . 
 i would give him a fair chance at escaping first . 
 well , as fair as it could be anyway . '' 
 `` i see , '' luther said , but there was a hint of disappointment in his voice that surprised her . 
 `` what did you learn ? '' 
 julian glanced at devon . 
 cassie 's hands fisted harder , the panic inside of her was beginning to turn into full fledged terror . 
 julian 's ice colored eyes met hers ; the sympathy in them caused her to take a step back . 
 no matter what had happened between them , to them , he had never pitied her . 
 he had never looked at her like that . 
 whatever he had learned had been awful , and she knew instantly that she was not going to like it one bit . 
 she took another step back , bumping into the wall of feed they had placed before the broken window . 
 melissa placed a hand on her shoulder , steadying her as her breathing became shallower , more frantic . 
 `` it will be ok , '' melissa whispered . 
 cassie nodded her agreement , but she did not agree . 
 it was not going to be ok , she knew that . 
 she had seen that awful look in julian 's eyes ; she had felt his uncertainty , his hesitance . 
 no , it was definitely not going to be ok , and there was nothing that she could do to stop it . 
 `` what were they trying to do to me ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 julian met her gaze again . 
 devon finally moved . 
 he came swiftly toward her , his lean body moving with exceptional ease as he skirted the bags of feed . 
 she stared helplessly up at him as he stopped before her , his eyes warming slightly . 
 she knew that he needed her understanding , and though she was lost and confused by what was happening with him , she could never deny him anything that he needed . 
 her hand slid into his , the perfect rightness of his skin against hers caused a sigh of relief to escape . 
 she clung to him , wrapping her other hand around his as she stepped closer , pressing tight to his arm . 
 she could sense a cold detachedness about him still but his hand tightened upon hers as he pulled her closer . 
 `` julian ? '' 
 cassie breathed , trying hard not to lose control . 
 julian looked to devon , who pulled her closer against him . 
 his arm wrapped around her waist , his hand rested lightly on her hip , gently stroking her through her layers of clothes . 
 `` you were their project , '' julian said softly . 
 `` their pet project . '' 
 his gaze moved slowly to dani , who had backed herself into the shadows . 
 `` they were trying to turn you into a living vampire . '' 
 cassie started , horror curdled through her . 
 devon 's hand tightened upon her waist as he pulled her closer . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 chris asked , his voice a low growl . 
 julian 's gaze remained locked upon her , sympathy radiated from him , but he would not take it easy on her . 
 he would be brutally honest , even if she did n't want to hear it . 
 `` they wanted to see what would happen , how much blood it would take , and if they could turn cassie into a vampire while still keeping her human . '' 
 there was a moment of stunned silence . 
 `` is that even possible ? '' 
 melissa demanded . 
 `` and why ? '' 
 julian turned slightly toward her . 
 `` i do n't know if it is possible , or not . 
 i do n't believe it is , but i do n't know . 
 it 's never been tried before , i 've never even heard of anything like it , or known anyone that would even want to attempt it . 
 every vampire has had to die in order to be reborn . 
 they wanted to try and keep cassie human , try and have her turn without her death . 
 they wanted to see what she might be capable of , and they wanted to be able to control her . 
 and if it worked , they wanted to see if it would be possible to do it to others while keeping them under the thumb of the commission . '' 
 cassie swallowed heavily , though she was wearing heavy clothes , she was suddenly freezing cold . 
 `` it 's why they devised all of those tortures , why they gave you my blood . 
 they wanted to see what you could and could not handle , and they also wanted to see if one of them would push you into making the change into a human vampire . 
 what they wanted from you cassie was to see how long it would take before you snapped and changed , or before you died , and either way they planned on you becoming a vampire . '' 
 she shuddered , pressing closer to devon as a fierce shaking racked through her . 
 `` ok , alright , '' she whispered . 
 `` so that is why i 'm different now . 
 why i feel different , why i 'm stronger . '' 
 `` it is why you are stronger , but not why you feel different . 
 you feel different because you are different . 
 the vampire blood , my blood has changed your basic dna . 
 as has devon 's . '' 
 everyone glanced at them , their eyebrows drawing tightly together in surprise . 
 cassie chose to ignore them . 
 `` our blood may eventually leave your system , but not without changing you on some basic level first . 
 that is how the hunter 's were eventually made after all , and in you , it is still making those changes . '' 
 cassie was finding it increasingly difficult to breathe . 
 `` so what am i now ? '' 
 julian shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know cassie , neither does he . '' 
 sheets of ice crept down her back , causing her to shiver as her thoughts turned back toward the man in the other room . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 julian slipped his hands into his pockets . 
 `` his name 's patrick woodard . 
 he became the head of the commission after the slaughter . 
 he was afraid , and rightly so , that we would kill him when we discovered him , so he lied and claimed to be your father in the hope that we would keep him alive . '' 
 `` i 've heard of him , '' luther said softly . 
 `` he was higher up in the commission even before everything happened . 
 i did n't know he had survived . '' 
 `` unfortunately , '' chris muttered . 
 `` the children ? '' 
 cassie whispered . 
 `` are at another facility in canada . 
 i can find them when the time comes , '' julian answered . 
 `` what are they doing to them ? '' 
 julian shook his head . 
 `` from what he knows , nothing . 
 they are just being held . 
 some of them are actually future guardians . 
 there are a couple of hunter 's amongst them , and the rest are human . 
 there are ten of them still alive . '' 
 relief filled her , her shoulders slumped . 
 as soon as they were free of here they would find the children , rescue them , and keep them safe . 
 they would never again know the kind of terror that they had so recently experienced . 
 `` and how many of those monsters are here ? '' 
 julian shook his head . 
 `` they have been moving people steadily out of this town for the past year . 
 they 've been buying up land and pushing the people out in preparation of the experiments they wanted to perform . 
 including the children , there were only sixty people left in this town by the time they were done . 
 the ones at the motel that were n't killed outright were brought in . 
 some of the others have already been killed off , but he believes there are still at least twenty five to thirty left . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 melissa croaked . 
 julian glanced around the room . 
 `` we have killed off six of them . '' 
 `` how the hell are we going to kill twenty or so more of them though ? '' 
 chris demanded . 
 `` we 'll figure that out , '' luther replied . 
 `` for now it is more important that we keep them in this town . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 melissa asked . 
 `` bait , '' cassie whispered . 
 devon 's hand tightened on her , his nostrils flared as he turned slowly toward her . 
 his eyes were narrowed and fierce , his body thrummed with tension . 
 `` absolutely not . '' 
 cassie ignored his growled warning . 
 `` it 's the only way to draw them out , especially since their food supply is running low . 
 we have to have bait . 
 they will come to us then . '' 
 `` and i know who we can use , '' julian said softly . 
 cassie 's head snapped toward him , she glared at him . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` that is not going to happen . 
 i will go out there . '' 
 `` like hell ! '' 
 devon exploded ; his hands were almost painful upon her as he spun her . 
 `` that is not going to happen . '' 
 `` devon ... '' `` you are not going out there . '' 
 `` if you would just listen . '' 
 his eyes flared red , his jaw clenched tight . 
 `` for once you are going to listen to me ! '' 
 he snarled . 
 `` you are not going out there . 
 if you want to use bait then i will personally carry that man and joey outside , but you will not be that bait . '' 
 dani let out a strangled cry of horror as she lurched from the shadows . 
 liam grabbed hold of her arm , pulling her back a step . 
 cassie gaped up at devon , unsure how to respond or react . 
 she had seen him furious , she had seen him on the brink of losing all control , but she had never seen him like this . 
 he had never ordered her about so fiercely before . 
 and she had never thought that he would so willingly offer up someone for death . 
 `` devon , '' she breathed . 
 his eyes flickered briefly for a moment . 
 `` your safety is first , '' he said softly . 
 `` i know , but ... '' `` no buts , '' he growled . 
 `` you will not be the bait , no matter what you want . '' 
 she nodded , swallowing the heavy lump that was lodged in her throat . 
 what was wrong with him ? 
 what was going on here ? 
 her gaze darted questioningly to julian , he stared silently back at her , his icy eyes unwavering . 
 he nodded slightly to her , a subtle movement of his head that left her trembling . 
 `` i 'll do it , '' chris said softly . 
 `` no ! '' 
 cassie shouted at him , shock at his statement causing her to forget her worries about devon . 
 `` no chris , i 'm faster than you , and stronger . '' 
 he quirked an eyebrow as he folded his arms over his chest , taking affront to her statement . 
 `` it wo n't be either of you , '' luther said flatly , his gaze intent on devon . 
 `` will it ? '' 
 `` no , '' devon answered in response to his question . 
 `` it will be julian and i. '' cassie spun on him , her eyes narrowing as she glared fiercely up at him . 
 `` oh , so it 's ok if something happens to you ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` we 're going to need you to stop them from spreading out of this town . 
 you and julian are the strongest , you are the most needed ! '' 
 devon bent closer to her , his eyes blazed fiercely into hers . 
 `` and if something happens to you , i will be an even bigger danger to everyone in this room than those things out there . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 cassie swallowed heavily , her shaking grew fiercer . 
 `` devon i 'm still going to be in on the fight . 
 once they come , you will need our help , we 're going to be out there no matter what . '' 
 cassie had to fight the urge to take a step back as he leaned even closer to her . 
 her heart flipped wildly as pressed his face nearly against hers . 
 for the first time , she was actually a little afraid of him , and the intensity that blazed from him . 
 she had never seen him like this , she did n't know what had brought it about , but she sure as hell did n't like it . 
 she hated to be intimidated , but she was , and she had never thought that devon would be the one doing the intimidating . 
 `` not you . '' 
 cassie 's mouth dropped , strange sputtering noises escaped her . 
 `` like hell ! '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` none of you will be out there . '' 
 `` what !? 
 are you kidding me ! 
 of course we will ! '' 
 everyone exploded at the same time . 
 `` no , '' devon replied crisply . 
 `` julian and i will take care of this . '' 
 cassie gaped at him , shock and horror leaving her immobile . 
 `` devon , you ca n't handle them all . 
 that 's a suicide mission , why would you want to do that ? '' 
 cassie whispered . 
 he moved slightly away from her , allowing her to breathe a little easier . 
 `` they wo n't all come at once ; we can handle the ones that do . '' 
 tears burned her eyes , her hands clenched and unclenched in frustration . 
 she wanted to argue with him , wanted to fight him , but she knew that it would be pointless , knew that he would not budge . 
 devon gently grasped her chin , tilting her head so that she had to meet his gaze . 
 `` we will be fine . '' 
 a single tear slid down her face . 
 he wiped it lightly away , bending close he pressed a soft kiss to her trembling lips . 
 when he pulled away his eyes were emerald again , dark with uncertainty and concern . 
 `` you will stay inside . '' 
 cassie could n't bring herself to speak , she would not lie to him , and she could not make that promise . 
 he released her before stepping away . 
 cassie watched as he moved stiffly toward julian . 
 she was suddenly hit with the realization that she did not know just exactly what he was capable of , especially when it came to her . 
 she turned toward the others , feeling helpless and lost . 
 liam and annabelle had moved over to join devon and julian ; they conferred in soft whispers by the doorway . 
 luther was staring at the still half open window , his expression thoughtful and distant . 
 dani had retreated back into the shadows , terror evident on her features . 
 chris and melissa stared silently back at her . 
 they were her best friends , her rocks , the two people she had relied on the most , until devon walked into her life . 
 but even they looked just as confused and frightened as she felt . 
 chapter 12 cassie stood silently , frozen by the window . 
 immobile with terror . 
 devon moved swiftly toward the center of the road . 
 the timed streetlights spilled across the street , creating shadows on the hard pavement . 
 the skeletal trees moved and swayed with the breeze that shook them . 
 cassie shuddered , foreboding filtered through her . 
 she was barely able to take her gaze away from devon to look at julian . 
 he stood by the door , his hand resting upon the handle , his powerful body hard and unmoving as he waited for the attack to come . 
 `` you know i wo n't stay in here once you go out , '' she told him . 
 his gaze darted to her , his eyes skimmed swiftly over her . 
 `` i know you will try to go out there . '' 
 cassie licked her lips as she glanced at liam and annabelle . 
 they were standing by julian , their arms folded over their chests as they stared at her . 
 they would also try and stop her , she knew that , but when it came to devon she knew that she would be capable of doing anything . 
 even if it meant plowing through liam and annabelle , which she was apparently going to have to do . 
 `` cassie . '' 
 her attention was drawn back to julian . 
 `` i will tie you down if i have to , but you are not going out there . '' 
 indignation flared through her . 
 `` i am one of the strongest fighters you have , you will need me ! '' 
 she retorted sharply . 
 julian 's eyes narrowed , his hand fisted harder around the handle . 
 `` and devon is the strongest fighter that we have , and if you keep pushing him he is going to snap . '' 
 cassie shook her head forcefully . 
 `` no ... '' `` yes ! '' 
 julian interrupted harshly . 
 `` open your damn eyes cassie ! 
 he 's unraveling right before you , and if you keep throwing yourself in danger , and if you keep pushing him he is going to lose it . 
 he will change you , whether it 's for the best or not , he will do it , and he 'll hate himself for it . 
 is that what you want ? '' 
 cassie could only manage a small shake of her head in response to his angry , heartfelt words . 
 `` and if something were to happen to you , there will be no stopping him . 
 ever . 
 do you understand that ? '' 
 cassie opened and closed her mouth , no words would come out . 
 her throat was clogged , her eyes burned . 
 `` he 'll kill us all cassie , so for once , please just do as he asks . '' 
 liam remained immobile , his face a hard mask . 
 annabelle 's sea colored eyes were heavy with sadness and fear . 
 cassie buried her frustration and heartache as she turned away from them , focusing her attention fully on devon again . 
 he had reached the center of the street , where he stopped . 
 her heart was heavy as it labored to push blood through her veins ; her chest was tight from lack of air . 
 `` he ca n't fight it anymore ? '' 
 she whispered , finally beginning to understand the distance and hardness that now encased devon . 
 `` not as well as he could , and not for much longer , '' julian said flatly . 
 cassie swallowed heavily , trying hard not to let her panic get the best of her . 
 `` if it was n't for his concern about what would happen to you , it would have happened by now . '' 
 cassie hastily wiped away the tears that slipped down her face . 
 she ached for devon , for the struggle nearly consuming him . 
 ached for the man that she loved and needed more than anything . 
 ached for the man who was slowly losing control to the demon inside of him , and it was all because of her . 
 she shuddered ; her hand clenched the curtain she had pulled slightly back . 
 `` you will stay inside , '' julian said softly . 
 `` because there is no way of knowing how he will react if you do n't . '' 
 she nodded slowly . 
 though she hated it and rebelled against it , she would do anything for devon , even if it meant leaving him out there alone . 
 `` they 're coming , '' chris said softly . 
 he walked over to stand beside cassie , his hand rested upon her shoulder . 
 he squeezed her gently , bending forward to stare out the window . 
 `` where ? '' 
 julian growled . 
 chris shook his head ; his shaggy hair fell around his handsome face . 
 `` i do n't know yet , but i can feel the confusion and hunger that usually precedes their arrival . '' 
 they all remained unmoving ; barely breathing as they waited for the creature 's to emerge . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 cassie whispered . 
 `` i do n't know , '' chris breathed . 
 `` it 's impossible to differentiate one from another ; they 're too far gone for that . '' 
 terror filled her . 
 they were too far gone to tell anything about them , and they were heading straight for devon . 
 panic slammed into her like a locomotive , helplessness swamped her . 
 she glanced wildly at julian , fighting against the urge to bolt out the door , tear across the street , and join devon . 
 she would rather die with him then live without him . 
 `` stay ! '' 
 julian hissed softly . 
 a soft sob escaped her ; she pressed her fist to her mouth , biting down to stop the scream that wanted to rip from her . 
 devon turned ; his shoulders stiff , and his eyes blood red . 
 he knew that they were coming , he was ready for them . 
 please , she prayed fervently , please let him be ok . 
 the creatures burst out of the woods behind devon . 
 horror filled her ; she grasped hold of the curtain , pulling herself closer as the three monsters hurtled across the street at him . 
 `` no , '' she breathed . 
 devon braced himself as the first one launched itself forward leaping a good ten feet off the ground at him . 
 its face was distorted , its fangs extended as its face twisted into an animalistic snarl . 
 devon seized it by its throat , flinging it over his head as another one came at him . 
 he grabbed the second one , but the third slammed into him , spilling blood as it clawed at his back . 
 chris slammed his hand over her mouth as a scream escaped her . 
 cassie struggled against him ; fright pummeled her as she fought to contain the terror threatening to suffuse her . 
 chris wrapped his arm around her waist , trying to pull her back , but she refused to release the curtain , refused to be torn away . 
 `` stay quiet ! '' 
 he hissed in her ear . 
 cassie managed a small nod . 
 tears streamed down her face . 
 she did not realize that julian had left until he emerged on the street , pounding across the concrete in a blur that would have been nearly indiscernible to the human eye . 
 he grabbed the first one that devon had tossed aside , slamming it hard into the concrete . 
 the creatures skull caved as it bounced off the ground , but its arms and legs still flailed wildly about . 
 nausea and disgust twisted cassie 's stomach , she could n't move , she could hardly remain standing . 
 chris held most of her weight , his arms wrapped tightly around her as he slowly removed his hand from her mouth . 
 liam emerged from the alleyway , racing forward as he moved to join the fight . 
 cassie glanced only briefly at annabelle . 
 she remained by the door , her eyes wide with terror as she met cassie 's gaze . 
 though annabelle wanted to be in the fight as badly as cassie , she would stay by the door in order to ensure that cassie did n't escape . 
 cassie briefly contemplated trying to get past her anyway , but she would not do that to annabelle , not unless it became completely necessary . 
 she turned her attention back to the fight as two more monsters emerged from the woods . 
 one of them went straight for liam , while the other pounded at devon who was still engaged with two of the first ones . 
 five on three . 
 cassie 's heart hammered , she gripped the curtain tighter , pulling herself forward . 
 she could get away from chris ; she could make it out this window if she had too . 
 she did n't give a rat 's ass what the glass or wood would do to her , not if it got her free . 
 devon flipped one over his back , spinning he slammed his fist into the chest of another . 
 the creatures face twisted , not in pain but in rage as it was knocked back a few feet . 
 blood exploded over its tattered and filthy shirt , but it did not stop , did not hesitate as it launched forward . 
 julian slammed his creature off the ground again , grasping hold of its head and twisting it ferociously . 
 cassie 's stomach heaved as its head was twisted completely around . 
 its arms and legs continued to flail , but their movements were slightly slower . 
 deciding that the creature was momentarily not a threat , julian leapt back to his feet as devon tossed his monster over his head and grasped hold of the throat of the one behind it . 
 he squeezed tight , snapping its head easily to the side as the thing howled loudly . 
 its scream echoed throughout the night , rattling the windows . 
 `` awful , '' melissa breathed taking a step away from the window where she stood by luther and dani . 
 her face was full of horror and disgust , but she did not turn away from the fight before her . 
 and neither did cassie , though her stomach rolled with nausea . 
 a gag escaped her as devon grasped hold of its head , twisting it with enough force to rip it off . 
 dani heaved as she spun away from the window , racing toward the bathroom . 
 cassie 's hand tightened on chris 's , she needed his support , his strength , his unwavering support as she tried to assimilate the vicious killer out there now with the one that she loved so completely . 
 liam shoved his creature aside , leaping forward to help with the two still trying to battle devon and julian , but it was obvious that it was going to be a losing battle for the hybrid monsters . 
 deadly . 
 that was the only thing that cassie could think and see now . 
 devon and julian were deadly , cold , blood thirsty , and so very good at destroying life . 
 though liam was out there with them , he did not have the murderous zeal that obviously radiated from devon and julian . 
 he did not seem to relish in the kill the way that the two of them did , nor was he as good at it . 
 she shuddered , wrapping her arms tight around herself . 
 from her little hole she watched as julian and devon took the next one down . 
 julian pressed his foot tight to the creature 's throat as it squealed and squirmed wildly . 
 she could n't watch anymore . 
 could n't take anymore , and yet she could not look away , not until she knew that devon was safe . 
 not until she knew that the man she loved came back to her , but she was beginning to think that would never happen . 
 she was beginning to fear that man would never return to her again . 
 the monster that liam had been battling scurried back to its feet , but it did not jump back into the fray . 
 instead , it scurried away into the shadows . 
 cassie watched it , her eyebrows furrowing as she leaned closer to the small hole , trying to discern where it was going as it disappeared into the night . 
 an uneasy feeling filled her . 
 she had never seen a halfling back down from a fight , even when they were losing . 
 they did n't have enough reason to realize that they were going to be killed . 
 or did they ? 
 a shiver raced down cassie 's spine , a chill filled her veins . 
 maybe these things had more reason and sense then they had attributed to them ? 
 if that was the case then things could become a lot more difficult , and a lot more deadly , than they had anticipated . 
 she turned back to the window as julian and devon easily removed the head of their victim . 
 cassie 's lip curled in disgust . 
 she took a step back from the window as the three of them turned toward the remaining creature . 
 it was still squirming and squealing , trying to crawl away from the spot where julian had left it . 
 she shuddered , wrapping her arms around herself as she took another step back . 
 she could n't watch anymore . 
 bowing her head , she tried hard to withhold the tears and nausea boiling through her . 
 the hair on her neck and arms suddenly stood up . 
 a chill encased her . 
 she glanced toward the front door . 
 annabelle was standing on a chair in order to peer out through the small glass window in it . 
 the only window that had not been boarded up . 
 the only window that they had not made a change to . 
 the others had been boarded , or blocked , under the assumption that these creatures would be too far gone to notice the difference . 
 devon , julian , and liam had exited the building through one of the small windows in the basement so they would n't be seen . 
 the window led to the small alley between this building and the bank . 
 they had never bothered with those small windows as the basement was under the trap door that they had barricaded . 
 but after the three of them had gone outside , the barricades had not been put back in place . 
 they had been left open so devon , liam , and julian could make a swift retreat back to the basement if it became necessary . 
 no one had thought the creatures would be smart enough to figure it all out . 
 no one thought that they would discover the tiny windows below . 
 they were wild , crazed , and incapable of thought . 
 but what if they retained more reason and intelligence than they had thought ? 
 cassie wondered again . 
 what if the monsters had known all along that they were inside this building , blockading themselves , preparing for a fight ? 
 what if they had expected this kind of a trap , and had laid one of their own ? 
 the thoughts ran rapidly through her mind , but she was dismayed to realize that she already knew the answers to all of them . 
 the monsters were not mindless , in fact they were cunningly smart , deceiving , and so very deadly . 
 she knew that she had to turn around , knew that she had to see what was behind them , but her feet felt like wooden blocks . 
 her legs were as heavy as lead . 
 she did n't want to see what her mind and body already knew . 
 gathering her courage , she turned her head slowly , her eyes searching the dark room . 
 behind where joey and patrick sat in their chairs , behind the shelves with all of their goods , shadows hunkered amid the darkness . 
 though they were still mostly hidden , she could discern their hulking shapes and reddened eyes as they glared across the room . 
 she could make out eight of them , but there could be even more in the back , or still down below . 
 a pulsating hunger and excitement radiated from them , seeming to fill the room , though she was the only one that had noticed them so far . 
 afraid that any movement would immediately draw their attack , cassie remained frozen , barely breathing . 
 they had weapons gathered by the windows , but she did n't think she would have enough time to get her crossbow , let alone fire it , before the creatures were upon them . 
 she was n't even certain she would have enough time to warn the others first . 
 taking a steadying breath , cassie remained unmoving as she whispered to annabelle . 
 `` how are they doing ? '' 
 annabelle did n't look at her , but she could feel her confusion over the fact that cassie was no longer watching . 
 `` another one has arrived , but they 're ok . '' 
 the creatures would probably keep sending one or two in at a time in order to keep three of the stronger fighters occupied . 
 though she knew now that these monsters had enough sense to realize it was probably a suicide mission , they would do what the larger group wanted . 
 they would sacrifice themselves in order for the others , more than likely the leaders , to feed and murder . 
 cassie shuddered at the organization , the brutality of it , and the thought process that had led them here . 
 patrick had said that they did react , but only when murder , mayhem , and feeding were involved . 
 apparently even he had underestimated these creatures , to what might be all of their ultimate downfalls . 
 they shifted slightly but did not attack . 
 she did n't know why they were waiting , they knew that she could see them , knew that she was watching them , but they remained immobile . 
 what were they doing ? 
 she wondered frantically , trying to get into their thought processes , trying to understand what was going on . 
 but she could not understand them , it was impossible . 
 `` ok , ok good , '' she breathed . 
 `` annabelle , get away from the door . '' 
 annabelle shot her a look , and then froze . 
 she turned slowly , her hand resting against the door as she moved on the chair . 
 her strawberry curls fell around her shoulders , her rosebud mouth parted in surprise , but she did not move . 
 beside her , chris froze , his hand tightened around the curtain to the point that cassie thought he was going to rip it from the window . 
 luther stiffened , but did not move . 
 melissa turned slowly , her onyx eyes , as dark as the room , widened in shock . 
 though they were all aware of the monsters now within the room , the creatures still did not move . 
 patrick and joey had turned in their chairs , their mouths dropped ; terror was etched onto their features . 
 where was dani ? 
 cassie 's gaze darted past the creatures . 
 she could not see the bathroom that dani had bolted into , cassie did n't know if she was still in there , or if these monsters had gotten to her first . 
 though cassie still did not trust the girl , her power would come in handy right now . 
 very handy . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 melissa whispered . 
 cassie had no answer for that . 
 she found it more terrifying that they were n't moving , then if they had already attacked . 
 and then two more emerged from the dark . 
 cassie 's heart flipped , panic gripped her hard . 
 she could barely breathe . 
 ten on seven . 
 the seven of them were strong fighters , if dani was still alive , but these odds were far worse than she would have ever wanted . 
 and yet they still did not move . 
 `` there 's more , '' she breathed in horror . 
 `` they 're waiting for them . '' 
 chris cursed violently ; he finally released the curtain as he spun toward them . 
 patrick and joey began to make horrified sounds as they bounced their chairs back , all pretense 's at trying to stay unnoticed forgotten in the face of these numbers . 
 cassie spun , they could not wait for them to attack their numbers would only swell if they did . 
 hefting the crossbow , she slid a bolt expertly in as she heard the sudden explosion of movement behind her . 
 they were coming , and they were coming fast . 
 she spun back around , taking aim at the first one coming at her . 
 she fired swiftly ; the bolt was off target as it slammed into the creatures shoulder , barely knocking him off of his onward rush . 
 annabelle leapt off of her chair , lifting it quickly she used it like a lion tamer as she slammed it into the chest of the one rushing at her . 
 it fell back a few feet before lunging forward again . 
 cassie managed to get another bolt into place , taking aim she fired it , finding satisfaction as the bolt hit home . 
 the creature made no sound as it fell back , its hands clenched its chest as it began its death wither upon the ground . 
 cassie froze ; her mouth dropping as the creature continued its silent death throes . 
 `` jesus , '' melissa whispered , stunned into immobility too . 
 they were being silent , even in death , they were being silent . 
 they wanted to keep this attack as quiet as possible . 
 the thought process that went with that fact was staggering . 
 for a moment no one moved as they tried to blend this new information in with what they had thought they 'd known . 
 even joey and patrick had frozen ; their mouths were wide as they stared at the creature that lay upon the floor , silenced forever now . 
 what were these things ? 
 cassie wondered , trying hard not to completely unravel . 
 were they more human than they had all originally thought ? 
 or were they even more demon ? 
 if they were more human should they even be killing them , or should they be trying to save them ? 
 she did n't have time to weigh those questions out ; these creatures would not give her that time . 
 fear for her own life far outweighed the guilt , and doubt , that flared through her as the rest of the creatures raced toward them . 
 shocked into immobility by the creatures silent death , cassie had not thought to reload her crossbow . 
 lifting it high , she slammed it hard into one of the monsters chests as it reached her . 
 using the crossbow as a barrier , she held it off of her as she struggled to regain control of this awful situation . 
 she punched another hard in the cheek as it reached for her . 
 he fell back from the force of the blow , but the one with the crossbow in its chest continued to claw and swipe at her . 
 they may have had the sense to plan this silent ambush , but when it came to fighting , the bloodlust took complete control of them . 
 they had no reason , no sense , as the desire to murder and destroy overtook them . 
 cassie slammed the crossbow harder , shoving the thing further back as the other one launched at her again . 
 a pain filled cry rent the air . 
 terror filled cassie , but she could not take her eyes off of the creatures attacking her in order to see how melissa was doing , or how badly she had been hurt . 
 chris shouted , and then another monster went flying by cassie , its hands clenching at the knife buried deep in its chest . 
 continuing to use the crossbow as a shield , she focused her attention on the other one that kept coming back at her . 
 its reddened eyes were narrowed with fury as it clawed and flailed in unnerving silence . 
 trying not to let her panic and terror overcome her , she swung another punch at it . 
 the thing ducked at the same time that it grabbed hold of her fist . 
 a strangled cry escaped her , but she could not tug her hand free of its grasp . 
 her hand tightened on the crossbow as she continued to fend the other one off while trying to tug her hand free . 
 the creature 's eyes spit red fury as it tugged her closer ; its grip on her hand was painful . 
 `` why do you get to be normal still ? '' 
 cassie froze , her eyes widened as horror filled her . 
 she gaped at the thing , frozen in startled surprise by the fact that it spoke . 
 that it could speak ! 
 she had not associated speech with these half crazed , wild things . 
 she would have thought it was impossible , but it was speaking to her , and it was making sense , even if its voice was the most horrid thing she had ever heard . 
 it was low and grating as it slithered out of him like a snake crawling out of a hole . 
 the sound of it sent chills down her spine , it made her blood run cold as terror pounded across her . 
 it could speak , and its thought processes were far more advanced than she had thought ! 
 shaken , confused , disoriented cassie could not move . 
 and its question , its question ! 
 why did she get to be normal ? 
 how did this creature know what had been done to her ? 
 how did it have enough reason to understand any of this ? 
 the world seemed to slow , cassie 's eyes narrowed as she studied it . 
 the features of it were a mangled blur of human and monster . 
 its red eyes were filled with hate and hunger . 
 but there was something oddly familiar about it . 
 then , she remembered . 
 she had been locked in her cell still , before dani had rescued her . 
 one of the creatures had peered into the window , tried to get into her cell , hoping to kill her , wanting to destroy her . 
 it -lrb- no not it , this thing before her -rrb- , had been chased off by dani 's power . 
 but now it had returned . 
 it knew that she had been in that laboratory too , knew that she had emerged , not unscathed , but certainly not the same thing that these monsters had become . 
 it knew that she had emerged much better off than they had , and it hated her for it . 
 `` why !? '' 
 it snarled . 
 cassie had no answer for it , she could not think of one . 
 it was not fair that she had come out almost normal after what had been done to all of them , but that was not her fault . 
 she had not done this to them , she had not done this to herself . 
 it should not blame her , but it did . 
 cassie opened her mouth , but before she could respond it ripped her forward . 
 having been shocked into immobility , cassie was thrown off balance by the sharp tug . 
 she staggered , trying to keep hold of her crossbow at the same time that she tried to regain her footing . 
 a hand entangled in her hair , causing a sharp cry of pain to escape her as her head was ripped roughly back . 
 she swung her fist up , hoping to connect with something , anything but coming up with nothing but air . 
 panic rose up to drown out her stunned surprise . 
 she was surrounded , and at the moment they had the upper hand . 
 using the crossbow , she slammed it hard into the chest of the one she had been fending off , knocking him back a good five feet . 
 using the brief reprieve , she turned toward the one with its fingers entangled in her hair . 
 before she could do anything , it jerked her hair back and struck with the unnerving speed of a cobra . 
 her terror , confusion , and disbelief were swiftly buried by the pain that rushed up to swamp her . 
 a scream rose in her throat , but it strangled there , unable to break through the agony that seared through her veins . 
 devon had said that it was painful to have blood drained against your will , but this was far worse than anything she ever could have imagined . 
 her muscles froze ; her lungs stopped working , her veins burned as the blood was unwillingly , and greedily , sucked from it . 
 her skin fired with pins and needles that poked her more rapidly than any tattoo gun . 
 she felt as if a million fire ants were crawling over her , nibbling at her , tearing at her flesh as they ripped it away from her . 
 she wanted to scream , but she could not get the air into her lungs to do so . 
 she wanted to cry , but her eyes were also on fire and they burned away the tears that formed in them . 
 she wanted to fight back , to move , but her limbs had locked into place , her muscles were as unbendable as rocks . 
 she wanted to do many things , but all she could do was stand in shattering agony as she listened to the disgusting , slurping sounds of her blood being ripped from her . 
 the one she had shoved back came at her again . 
 her arm had frozen with the cross bow up , her fingers clenched tight around the trigger . 
 it knocked the crossbow aside , snapping her arm back , but she still did not release the crossbow . 
 even when it snatched hold of her arm and sank its teeth deep . 
 a groan finally escaped her , or at least she thought it did , but she could n't tell beyond the explosion of pain that seemed to shatter her skull . 
 red and white lights blazed before her eyes , she wanted to fall , wanted to curl up and die , wanted to do anything that would get her away from this . 
 she barely heard the small cry before she felt the small rumble in the earth , the power being sucked from it . 
 she dimly realized that dani had arrived , that she was drawing energy from the ground , getting ready to release it . 
 cassie felt a small amount of relief , it would be ok now . 
 but before dani could release her power on a blast that would have rocked the earth , shook the walls , and rattled the glass within the windows , one of the creatures pounced upon her . 
 dani fell back with a startled cry as the wave of her power was abruptly cut off . 
 cassie 's vision blurred , darkness pulled at her , trying to draw her under , trying to pull her away from the pain that held her within its iron tight grasp . 
 horror filled cassie , she tried to gather enough of her wits past the pain in order to try and regain some kind of control of herself . 
 but she could not push the pain away enough to do so . 
 terror filled her as she realized the darkness was going to win , and she knew it was a darkness she would never wake from . 
 chapter 13 devon 's head snapped up as he felt the strange pulsing electricity within the earth . 
 he knew what that pulse was ; knew what the familiar rumble in the earth meant . 
 he braced himself for the jolt that inevitably followed it , braced himself so as not to get knocked on his ass . 
 but the earth did not rock , the jolt did not come . 
 confusion filled him ; he stood for a moment , his attention fixated on the store as the electricity swiftly receded from the air . 
 julian was kneeling beside him , his brow furrowed as he stared at the store in confusion . 
 he rose slowly from the wreckage of the creature before him . 
 liam stepped forward , stopping beside devon as he searched the silent storefront . 
 there was no sound , no movement that he could see within the interior , but something was wrong . 
 he knew it . 
 he had become so focused on the kill , the thrill of the hunt , the murder and blood . 
 so focused on the release of his anger and frustration , and his desire to feed and appease the demon inside of him , that he had shut himself off to cassie , shut his mind away from hers . 
 he knew that they had grown so close that there were times that she knew him better than he knew himself . 
 he did n't want her to even have an inkling of the joy , and pleasure , that he had taken from the death of the things scattered about him . 
 `` something 's wrong , '' julian said softly , tilting his head as he studied the silent store . 
 devon strained to hear anything , but the night remained completely silent , still . 
 devon 's eyes narrowed as he opened his mind to the night , searching for cassie 's mind . 
 he came up against a wall of blackness , a dark cloud that left him startled and confused . 
 the wall was thick , heavy . 
 it encompassed her entire mind . 
 panic filled him , his hands fisted as he struggled through the wall , pushing at the edges as he tried to make his way through the thick haze . 
 then her mind gave way . 
 pain exploded through him , searing into his skull as it slammed wildly against him . 
 the pain was numbing , freezing , completely encompassing as it wrapped through him , over him , into him . 
 devon retreated swiftly , before he was sucked into her agony . 
 retreated before he was trapped within her pain , and unable to escape from the iron tight hold it had over her . 
 he blinked , trying to bring the street into focus as he fought against the lingering remnants of her pain clinging to him . 
 the street snapped back . 
 he cursed loudly , terror pouring through him as he bolted forward , he moved with more speed than he had ever thought possible . 
 leaping forward , he turned sideways as he threw himself at one of the boarded windows . 
 glass shattered inward , the board caved easily against the force of his weight . 
 he plunged into the store . 
 falling to the floor , he rolled swiftly before leaping back to his feet . 
 fury exploded through him , encompassing him as his attention was immediately drawn to the two creatures beside cassie . 
 at his entrance they had both stopped feeding from her , but her blood still stained their mouths , and the smell of it hung heavy in the air . 
 a fierce snarl of rage ripped from him . 
 her blood , blood that was only supposed to be tasted by him , had been ripped from her , causing the agony that he had sensed radiating from her . 
 one of the creatures released her , causing her to stagger slightly forward as it abruptly dropped her arm and spun toward him . 
 devon stormed forward , a bellow ripping from him as the other one continued to hold her , pulling her along with him as it tried to escape . 
 cassie tripped , her legs collapsing beneath her as weakness suffused her . 
 he grabbed hold of the other one that had been feeding from her . 
 his hand encompassed the things face as he slammed it backwards , pounding its skull off the wall until he heard the reassuring sound of it caving in . 
 devon tossed him easily aside as another window shattered inward . 
 julian landed inside the store , liam close on his heels . 
 devon paid them no attention as he stormed after the one still trying to drag cassie with it . 
 he was going to tear the creature limb from limb when he got a hold of it . 
 the creatures red eyes widened before narrowing fiercely upon him . 
 it hauled cassie against its chest , pulling her up by her arm when her legs proved too weak to support her weight . 
 a small moan escaped her ; devon could sense the weakness in her , the life just barely thrumming through her veins . 
 terror and fury motivated him as he leapt forward . 
 the creature 's eyes widened in horror , it tried to keep hold of her as devon slammed into it , shoving his arm up under its throat . 
 the creature squealed loudly , its red eyes flared as it realized that it was about to be destroyed . 
 a moan of pain escaped cassie ; she tugged on her arm as the thing continued to cling to her . 
 devon seized hold of its arm , squeezing down until he heard , and felt the bone snap within his grasp . 
 the creature squealed in pain , it did n't immediately release cassie though . 
 instead it clung to her , spilling her blood as its fingers grasped wildly at her arm . 
 wrath pounded through devon , his vision blurred as a fiery haze of red exploded in front of him . 
 he had never been so infuriated , never been this far out of control . 
 dropping his arm down , he seized hold of the creature 's throat . 
 its eyes bulged , a wild cry escaped it as his fingers clenched down , digging into the things throat . 
 with one violent tug , he ripped its throat out . 
 wild sounds of terror escaped the torn hole of its throat , but devon ignored it as he shoved the creature aside . 
 cassie staggered , nearly falling as its grip on her was finally lost . 
 devon scooped her easily up , holding her tight against his chest as he turned back to the store . 
 her hand curled into his shirt , clinging to him as she struggled to lift her head . 
 panic thrummed through him as he met her dazed , unfocused eyes . 
 he could feel the lingering remnants of pain that clung to her . 
 her fingers twitched in his shirt , her mouth was pinched tight , and her jaw was clenched . 
 `` devon , '' her voice was a bare whisper . 
 his eyes flew wildly around the destroyed store . 
 bodies were scattered about the floor , blood was splayed around the room , wood and glass littered the ground . 
 the creatures that had not been killed outright had fled the room the minute they had arrived . 
 liam was helping annabelle back to her feet , her shirt had been torn , and a deep cut marred her delicate face . 
 though it was deep , it would heal quickly , and would not leave a scar . 
 luther 's glasses hung askew on his face , his hair was standing straight up as he rose slowly to his feet . 
 he was holding his arm , blood dripped down it , plopping off his fingers onto the floor . 
 chris was leaning against the wall , panting heavily as he tried to catch his breath . 
 he appeared uninjured . 
 melissa however , was unmoving . 
 she was slumped against the wall , her breathing shallow , and her skin unnaturally pale . 
 blood had pooled beneath her , it poured down her side from the jagged wound that had sliced her . 
 julian knelt before her , turning her head as he checked for a pulse . 
 `` annabelle get over here , '' he said crisply . 
 `` hold on , '' she mumbled , kneeling beside dani who was also unmoving upon the floor . 
 `` just knocked out . '' 
 she rose swiftly to her feet and hurried over to where melissa lay . 
 `` melissa ? '' 
 cassie whispered , straining against his hold on her . 
 fear widened her eyes as clarity began to clear the pain from them . 
 she squirmed slightly , and then collapsed against him ; weakness took hold of her body . 
 her eyes flew wildly to his . 
 `` devon ? '' 
 for a moment he could n't move as she stared questioningly up at him . 
 the demon in him was in control right now , and it wanted her . 
 it wanted her badly . 
 it needed her blood , blood that was supposed to be only his , because she was his . 
 blood that had just been stolen from her , from him . 
 his fingers trembled as he brushed her hair back . 
 his nostrils flared and his jaw clenched at the sight of the jagged wounds that marred her perfect skin . 
 `` devon ? '' 
 she breathed , her eyes wildly searching his face . 
 her heart hammered , flipping wildly in her chest as she stared up at him , her mouth parted in surprise . 
 he did n't know what she saw on his face , but he did know that it was terrifying her . 
 and the last thing he wanted to do was scare her , especially right now . 
 `` cassie . '' 
 she trembled in his arms as he bent over her . 
 he could smell the creature upon her ; smell its fetid breath against her skin . 
 he grit his teeth against the urge to bite deep in order to renew his mark upon her , in order to reclaim his stake upon what was his . 
 instead , he nuzzled her neck gently , relishing in the smell of her delicious scent . 
 ever so lightly , he licked the jagged wounds , savoring in the blood that lingered upon her skin as he closed the marks . 
 he pulled slowly away from her , took hold of her hurt arm and also licked those wounds closed . 
 he pulled slowly away from her , trembling as he fought to control himself . 
 she was still weak , still beaten down from the blood that had been drawn forcefully , painfully , from her . 
 without thought , he turned away , sheltering her from the view of the others within the store . 
 though , none of them were paying him much attention as they knelt by melissa 's side , trying to keep her alive . 
 he bit deep into his wrist , not feeling the pain as his blood rushed forth . 
 she stared questioningly up at him , her beautiful eyes wide and questioning as she watched him . 
 shifting her slightly , he held his wrist out to her , knowing that his blood was the only thing that would help her recuperate from her ordeal faster . 
 she hesitated , her eyes latching onto the blood dripping from his wrist . 
 she moved slowly , her small fingers wrapping around his wrist , drawing it closer to him . 
 he moaned softly , ecstasy filling him as she brought his wrist to her mouth and bit down . 
 his hand clenched upon her , his body thrummed with the pleasure her drinking brought to him . 
 if his heart still beat it would be pounding wildly now , if he could still breathe he would not be able to do so . 
 her eyes drifted slowly closed , she clung tighter to him as she bit deeper , taking more of his blood into her . 
 her joy suffused him , her weakness and need thrummed from her body into his . 
 devon bent closer to her , inhaling her scent as his blood flowed into her , slowly replacing the scent of the monsters that had fed from her . 
 cassie bit deeper , squirming closer to him , her fingers clenched upon him . 
 her need for him radiated outward , he could feel her desperate desire for more , her fervent want to be with him , to join him , to be everything that he needed her to be . 
 but over it all he sensed her terror over the fact that she might never be able to join him ; that they may never be able to be together forever . 
 she drank deeper , pulling his blood into her in large gulps as she tried to take as much of him as she could into her . 
 he was overwhelmed with her need for more , overwhelmed with her longing to join him , and end both of their suffering . 
 overwhelmed by her fierce love and desire for eternity with him . 
 `` devon , devon . '' 
 he turned further away , sheltering cassie from julian as he came at them . 
 `` devon stop . '' 
 a low growl escaped him as julian 's hand seized hold of his shoulder , trying to pull him back . 
 he huddled closer to cassie as she clung tighter to his wrist ; she was as unwilling to part as he was . 
 julian 's hand tightened on him as he jerked devon back . 
 `` stop this . 
 devon you could destroy her ! '' 
 he hissed , his voice low yet frantic with urgency . 
 `` stop this ! '' 
 devon shuddered , he wanted to ignore julian 's words , wanted to thrust julian away , wanted to kill him for the interruption , but he could n't . 
 there was only one thing that he wanted more than for cassie to join him , and that was for her to be safe . 
 if he continued this , she could end up being neither one of those things . 
 she had sustained enough blood loss to make the consumption of too much of his blood dangerous to her . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 agony tore through him as he pulled his wrist away from her mouth . 
 she blinked up at him , her gorgeous eyes dazed and wounded at the loss of contact , at the loss of the bond that she had been thoroughly enjoying . 
 his blood marred her full mouth , it stained her lips an even deeper shade of red . 
 he groaned , shaking , barely in control of himself . 
 it was too hard , and it was far too much , the monster inside of him was so very close to the surface . 
 hell , if he was honest with himself , he would admit that it was already on the surface , already in control . 
 and that it had been for awhile now . 
 if he was completely honest with himself , he would admit that the man had not been in control in a long time . 
 julian was right , he was losing it , and he was going to hurt her if he did . 
 he spun suddenly , issuing a startled cry from cassie as he thrust her at julian . 
 surprised by the sudden movement , julian just barely managed to catch her . 
 it killed him to hand her over to another man , especially julian , but julian may very well be the only one that could keep her safe from him . 
 or at least he would try to anyway . 
 `` take her , '' devon barked , struggling against the urge to rip her back from julian . 
 struggling against the urge to destroy julian so that no one could stop him from doing everything he wanted to her . 
 `` devon ? '' 
 cassie scrambled to escape julian 's arms , her eyes were frantic . 
 she managed to get back onto her feet , but julian grabbed hold of her waist , pulling her swiftly back , pinning her against his chest . 
 his ice eyes were hard and unwavering as he stared hard at devon . 
 though he would defend cassie to the death , he was waiting , hoping that devon continued to make the right choices on his own . 
 devon growled , reaching for her , wanting to draw her back to him , hold her . 
 wanting to finish what he had started , and end the torment that suffused them both . 
 he stopped , his hand falling back to his side as the man managed to briefly regain some control of the monster . 
 he could n't do this to her , he could n't risk losing her , could n't risk what the change might do to her . 
 he could n't hurt her in this way . 
 he turned swiftly away , moving before he no longer could . 
 desperation urged him faster . 
 grasping hold of the shattered window frame , he heaved himself over the windowsill and into the dark , cold night . 
 he needed to get away , but he could not go far . 
 he could not leave her alone , could not leave her with the monsters hunting this town . 
 no , he could not go far , but he also could not be near her right now . 
 as long as she remained human , he may not ever be able to be near her again . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 her terrified scream followed him . 
 the torment in her voice caused his non-beating heart to shatter into a thousand pieces , but he did not slow as he raced further into the night . 
 *** cassie stood in the shadows , her arms folded over her chest as she continued to glare at everyone every once in awhile . 
 julian remained rigid by the door , his hand resting upon it , his ice colored eyes focused upon her . 
 the windows had been boarded back up , the bodies tossed into the basement , and the trapdoor blocked by a heap of shelves piled on top of it . 
 no one was sleeping in the backroom tonight ; they had all joined her and julian in the front room . 
 though she had n't thought that they would sleep , and knew that she would not , soft snores filled the room . 
 chris stood by the other window , his head bowed , his arms folded over his chest as he leaned against the window . 
 though he almost looked like he was asleep , cassie knew that he was not . 
 neither was liam , who was sitting in a chair , his feet propped up on one of the counters , the back of his chair leaning against the wall . 
 they were babysitting her , and she resented them all for it because the minute that they were n't looking , she was going after devon . 
 come hell or high water , she was going out there and she was going to find him . 
 and once she did , she did not care what happened , she would do whatever she could to make him happy , and to bring him back here where he would be at least a little safer . 
 and where she knew where the hell he was ! 
 she did not kid herself , and neither did anyone else , into thinking that they were safe here . 
 the creatures knew that they were here . 
 they simply had nowhere else to go right now . 
 no place could be completely barricaded , and nowhere would have the supplies that the store had . 
 and there was no way that cassie was going to leave this store without devon . 
 she had been separated from him for too long when she had been held prisoner , she was not going to take the chance of losing him again . 
 a small moan snapped her attention toward melissa as she turned slowly over . 
 though she continued to sleep , her face twisted in pain as she turned onto her side . 
 melissa healed fast , and annabelle had used her powers to help heal the wounds in melissa 's side , but they were still deep and painful . 
 every time she moved , she moaned in pain . 
 cassie 's heart went out to her . 
 she hated to see her friend in such discomfort . 
 melissa settled back down , her mouth going slack as sleep reclaimed her . 
 cassie turned back to the window , wishing that she could see through the board that covered it . 
 her skin crawled , her body ached , she itched to jump through that window and flee into the night in search of devon . 
 she wanted to see him , needed to see him . 
 where was he out there ? 
 why had he left her ? 
 a knot formed in her throat , she found it difficult to breathe . 
 she knew why he had left her , but she just wished that he had talked to her about it first . 
 that he had given her a chance to talk to him . 
 shuddering , cassie wrapped her arms around herself , trying hard not to completely unravel . 
 she would join him ; she would give him anything he wanted , even her life . 
 she did n't care what the consequences of those actions would be anymore , as long as it made him happy , and she could be with him again . 
 `` you 're not going out there . '' 
 cassie 's gaze darted to julian as he growled the command in a gravelly , irritated voice . 
 her eyes narrowed , her hands tightened upon her arms . 
 `` i did n't say i was . '' 
 he lifted his head , his eerie eyes oddly bright in the small amount of light filtering into the room . 
 his handsome face was hard ; lines of pain etched his mouth . 
 he had not been hurt in the battle , cassie knew those lines of pain were because of her . 
 guilt and anguish for him filled her . 
 she truly did love him , not like he loved her , but she desperately wanted him to be happy . 
 and unfortunately she could not make him happy , no matter how much she wished she could . 
 he had a piece of her heart , along with most people in this room , but devon owned her soul , her body , and her mind . 
 she could only hope that eventually julian would find someone that could return his love , someone that could give him everything that he wanted and so desperately needed . 
 he quirked an eyebrow at her . 
 `` i know you , '' he grumbled . 
 cassie turned away from him ; she could n't meet his gaze again . 
 he did know her , not only had he touched her , and seen many of the details of her life , but he knew who she was , and what she thought . 
 he knew her strengths and most of all he knew all of her many weaknesses . 
 he knew that she battled with her self-control , not as bad as julian , and nowhere near as bad devon , but there was something inside of her too . 
 something dark , and dangerous , and lethal . 
 `` i do n't understand why he left , '' she whispered . 
 `` yes , you do . '' 
 cassie shuddered as she bit on her bottom lip nervously . 
 yes she did , but if he had just given her a chance , she would have agreed to give him everything that he wanted . 
 `` but he does n't have to fight it anymore , '' she whispered . 
 julian shifted ; there was a ripple of muscles that reminded her of a sleek panther hunting its prey . 
 she frowned at him , her forehead furrowing as anger spurted through her . 
 she could sense his displeasure , his disapproval . 
 `` yes , he does . '' 
 cassie opened her mouth to protest , but he swiftly cut her off . 
 `` you may have chosen him over me princess , but i 'm going to make damn sure that you stay alive . 
 you know , as well as i , that there is no way to know what could happen to you , and that is not a chance i am willing to take . '' 
 she stared hopelessly back at him , she knew that he realized how much this meant to her , how much she wanted this . 
 but , like devon , her safety would always be his priority and there would be no changing his mind on that . 
 but she needed him to understand her on this one . 
 `` i am , '' she whispered . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he demanded sharply . 
 `` are you really ? 
 you may not care what happens to you , but i 'm pretty damn sure that you care about what happens to chris , melissa , luther , and everyone else in this room . '' 
 she recoiled slightly , stunned by his words and the vehemence behind them . 
 `` of course i do ! '' 
 she retorted . 
 `` well if something goes wrong you could quite possibly kill them all . 
 and if you go wrong , then devon is going to go wrong , so there is a good possibility that everyone in this room will end up dead . 
 including me . 
 i love you princess , and i 've lived a long life , but i am not ready to give it up yet . 
 neither am i willing to lose you . '' 
 tears bloomed in her eyes ; she swallowed back the lump in her throat . 
 `` julian ... '' `` he 's not going to change you , not right now anyway . 
 none of us can take the chance of losing you . '' 
 tears slipped silently down her face , she turned back to the window , despising the board covering it . 
 `` what about devon ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 julian shifted again , a small ripple of motion that she barely caught , but suddenly he was before her . 
 gently clasping her chin , he lifted her face to him . 
 his ice eyes burned into hers , the intensity in them left her breathless . 
 `` i swear to you that i will do everything i can to help the both of you figure this out . 
 i wo n't leave you alone in this , but devon needs time to himself . 
 he needs to be alone now cass , before he hurts someone . 
 you have to accept that fact . '' 
 her lower lip trembled as he gently wiped the tears from her cheek with his thumb . 
 the intensity in his eyes burned away , it was replaced with a yearning that nearly broke her heart . 
 for a moment cassie froze , frightened that he would kiss her again . 
 she stared pleadingly back at him , praying that he would n't . 
 with a soft sigh , he dropped his head to hers , cradling her face gently for a moment before kissing her forehead quickly and pulling swiftly away . 
 cassie watched silently as he stalked back across the room , his back as stiff as a board , his body humming with tension . 
 cassie ducked her head ; unable to meet chris or liam 's gazes , she turned her attention to the rest of the room and all the people she cared about . 
 patrick and joey did not count , but her gaze landed upon them . 
 joey 's head was bowed as he slept in his chair , but patrick was awake and watching them intently . 
 the creatures had never gone for them . 
 cassie frowned , her arms folding over her chest as she studied them a new discomfort began to grow inside of her . 
 why had n't the creatures gone for them ? 
 the one had targeted her because it had seen her , and recognized her , and hated her . 
 but they would have recognized these two , and no matter how much they may have hated her , their hate for these two would have to be worse . 
 there is no way that it could not be , not with what these two had done to them . 
 she took a step toward them , her head tilted to the side , as the wheels in her mind began to spin rapidly . 
 and then , she knew . 
 her mouth dropped , her eyes widened as she gaped at the two men . 
 `` cassie ? '' 
 chris inquired softly . 
 she took another step toward them , her heart hammering , and her throat dry . 
 she thought of the creatures that had escaped from here , thought of the ones still lurking within the shadows , and her skin crawled with disgust and horror . 
 the icy tentacles of terror crept steadily up her neck , causing her hair to stand on end . 
 how many of them were still out there , hunting , plotting ? 
 `` cassie ? '' 
 chris asked again , an edge of fear making his voice sharper than normal . 
 she turned slowly toward julian , her heart hammering with terror . 
 `` you need to go find him julian , '' she whispered . 
 `` please , you need to go now . 
 he ca n't be out there alone , it 's too dangerous . 
 they 're far smarter than we thought , far smarter . '' 
 julian stared at her for a moment , his eyes hooded and distant . 
 frustration filled cassie , panic clenched at her chest as she thrust a finger at patrick and joey . 
 `` that one recognized me from in there ; he came at me because he recognized me . 
 you think that he , that they did n't recognize them . 
 that they did n't want to kill them too ! 
 of course they did , but they did n't go after them . 
 why ? 
 because they were tied to the chairs , they were easy targets ; they knew that they could take them without a problem . 
 those creatures knew that they had to come for us first , that they had to take us down in order to get to them . 
 they planned everything , they calculated everything . 
 we already knew that they ambushed us , but we assumed it was the same as wolves hunting a deer . 
 we did n't realize just how much thought process and intelligence they do still have . 
 julian you have to go get him , they 're out there and they 're going to come back , or they are going to trap him . 
 he ca n't be alone julian , he ca n't ! 
 they 'll kill him if he is ! '' 
 julian simply continued to stare at her a moment longer before his gaze turned slowly toward the two men tied to the chairs . 
 anger and hatred flitted swiftly over his defined features . 
 `` how much reason do they have ? '' 
 he growled . 
 patrick shifted slightly , wiggling his hands behind his back . 
 his eyes were cold , flat , as he met julian 's furious gaze . 
 `` far more than we would have liked . 
 it 's why we were destroying them , they were more dangerous than we had realized . '' 
 cassie shuddered as disgust and revulsion filled her . 
 he sounded as if he were simply talking about rabid animals and not human beings with families and lives . 
 she found herself wishing that the creatures had killed him when they broke in . 
 `` they had realized you were going to destroy them all and they plotted their escape , '' cassie breathed . 
 `` bastard ! '' 
 julian hissed . 
 patrick showed no signs of remorse as he met julian 's fierce gaze . 
 `` insanity , '' luther whispered . 
 `` complete insanity . '' 
 `` julian , '' cassie breathed . 
 he turned slowly toward her . 
 `` julian someone has to warn him , please julian . '' 
 he hesitated for a moment before nodding briskly . 
 `` i 'll find him . '' 
 `` you ca n't go out there alone . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 cassie reached for him as he grabbed hold of the door . 
 terror flooded her , she wanted devon safe , but she did n't want julian to be hurt in the process . 
 `` take me with you . '' 
 he shook his head , his hand clenching hold of hers . 
 `` take someone with you . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving you with even less numbers in here than before . 
 i will be fine princess . '' 
 her fingers tightened upon his , clinging to him for a moment longer . 
 `` do n't call me princess , '' she whispered . 
 he grinned at her before releasing her hand . 
 `` anything you say . 
 you are to stay in here , do you understand me ? '' 
 cassie nodded . 
 `` i mean it cass , you stay inside i 'm trusting you on this one . 
 i ca n't save you both . '' 
 she managed another small nod . 
 chris , having risen from the chair , pulled her back a step . 
 she watched in terror as julian slipped out the door . 
 chapter 14 `` cassie . '' 
 she turned briefly away from the small hole she had found in another window . 
 annabelle stood nervously by her side , her tiny hands clenched tight . 
 `` cassie maybe you should get some sleep , you must be exhausted . '' 
 cassie shook her head as she turned away . 
 she was exhausted , her entire body ached from being so stiff and anxious , but she would not rest until julian and devon returned to her safely . 
 besides , she could not go to sleep when they were still so very vulnerable to attack . 
 it was only a matter of time before the creatures regrouped and came back at them in full force , unless they had decided to spread out from the town in search of easier victims . 
 though , with the cunning and thirst for vengeance the creatures appeared to have , she did not think they would leave this town until they had extracted their revenge . 
 cassie glanced over to where patrick and joey remained tied . 
 they would be the main reason that the monsters came back , but they would have to get through all of them in order to kill those two . 
 cassie was n't so sure she wanted to put up a fight in order to protect them . 
 `` cass . '' 
 she turned back toward annabelle , hating the pity and sympathy in her bright sea green eyes . 
 `` they 'll be fine . '' 
 `` yes , '' she breathed , not at all convinced . 
 annabelle squeezed her hand gently before slipping silently into the shadows . 
 cassie returned to staring out at the dark night . 
 the moon danced across the snow , casting bright light off of its white surface . 
 stars twinkled in the sky ; they were bright hopeful lights against a curtain of black night . 
 the skeletal branches danced and swayed in the gentle breeze that wafted through them . 
 julian and devon had to be freezing out there . 
 a shiver raced down her , she rested her fingers against the board on the window . 
 she desperately wanted to go out there , to search for them herself ; she hated feeling helpless and alone . 
 she hated feeling this torn and adrift in the world . 
 then she saw it , a darker shadow amongst the night ; a figure amidst the woods . 
 cassie 's heart turned over , thumping with a mighty heave that left her breathless . 
 the darkness caressed his hard body ; the moon lit his black hair . 
 though she could not discern his features , he was the same size and shape as devon . 
 his hair was the same dark color . 
 devon would not have gone far from them , she knew that . 
 he would not have left her alone . 
 and she was not going to leave him alone . 
 spinning on her heel , she fled toward the door . 
 chris jumped toward her , trying to block her before she could get her hand on the knob . 
 but she was faster than he was . 
 throwing the lock , she tossed the door open . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 the wind hit her , the chill of it blasted against her , but it did not slow her . 
 she plunged into the night , needing to see devon , to hold him . 
 to ease the ache that burned in her bones and muscles . 
 she plunged across the street ; her breath blew out in bursts of steam in the frigid air . 
 she pushed herself faster , harder . 
 she was halfway across the street , when he emerged from the shadows . 
 relief filled her , then confusion and surprise . 
 she sprinted forward a few more steps before true realization sank in . 
 this man was not devon ; he did look oddly like him with his dark hair , and sleek build . 
 even some of his features resembled devon 's . 
 his cheekbones were high and defined like devon 's , his mouth full , but his nose was slightly bigger , and his face thinner . 
 he was slightly shorter , stockier , but the differences were so small that she had not immediately picked up on them . 
 his eyes though , it was his eyes that confused her the most . 
 they were not the same bright emerald color as devon 's , they were a darker almost forest green , and they were crueler , with an edge of malice that finally slid her to a halt . 
 she stared at him , her mouth wide open , and shock hammering her heart against her ribcage . 
 he and devon were so alike , and yet so different . 
 who the hell was this guy ? 
 she shook her head , taking a step back as terror filled her . 
 she did n't know who he was , but it was more than apparent that he was not on her side as evil and hunger radiated from him . 
 yet , he did not appear to be one of the creatures either as his eyes remained clear and he did not appear half crazed . 
 malevolent yes , but half crazed no . 
 she took another step back , swallowing heavily . 
 she wanted to turn and flee , but she instinctively knew that she would not get away . 
 `` you must be her , '' he purred . 
 cassie frowned as she took another step back , trying hard to keep her terror in control . 
 who the hell was this man ? 
 she knew what he was , but who the hell was he that he thought he knew her ? 
 and why was he staring at her with such malice when she did n't even know him ? 
 she took another small step back , trying not to draw his immediate attack . 
 she could sense his power , his strength . 
 she could feel it thrumming from him like a tightly wound guitar string . 
 taking another step back , she tried to breathe through the lump of fear in her throat and the tight constriction in her chest . 
 a small , cruel smile twisted his lips . 
 lips that were n't as full as devon 's but the upper one was stiff like devon 's , while the bottom was soft . 
 confusion continued to twist through her . 
 the similarities were so striking , so fierce . 
 yet so different . 
 there was no softness in his gaze , no love , no humanity . 
 she took another step back , but knew instinctively that it did n't matter what she did , he was going to come after her anyway . 
 `` pretty . '' 
 though the word was barely a soft hiss , cassie heard it as clearly as if he had been standing beside her . 
 she shivered , suddenly certain that he could be beside her in an instant . 
 her skin crawled as if he had touched her , crawled as if he were already next to her . 
 the corners of his eyes crinkled as his smile widened . 
 `` this is going to be fun . '' 
 cassie 's hands clenched as she prepared herself for the attack she knew was imminent . 
 then she felt the ground begin to rumble , felt the earth shake and tremble as it lifted and shook with mighty waves . 
 a fissure sprouted in the street , zigzagging rapidly toward her as the pavement cracked and heaved . 
 a startled cry escaped her as she jumped out of the way of the rapidly growing hole in the middle of the street . 
 she wanted to turn and flee , but as she took a step back , her foot came up against the edge of another hole . 
 she glanced wildly around , terrified to realize that a large hole had formed around her . 
 a hole she was beginning to realize she could no longer see the bottom of . 
 dirt and pavement fell into the widening gaps ; it clattered as it bounced off the sides of the dirt and rock . 
 chris , liam , melissa , and annabelle skidded to a halt at the edge of the hole . 
 they stood , gaping at her across the widening five foot gap . 
 behind them , she could see dani and luther gathered at the edge of the store , watching in horror as the earth gave another mighty heave . 
 cassie stumbled , falling as she lost her balance . 
 a small cry escaped her as her hand fell into one of the ever growing pits , and her leg skidded off the side . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 melissa screamed . 
 terror rushed up to replace her shock . 
 for the first time she realized that the earth may just swallow her whole . 
 she scrambled away from the edge of the growing cavity , knocking more rocks and pavement away , causing her small shelf of safety to become even smaller . 
 `` cassie ! '' 
 chris was kneeling before her , stretching his hand across the widening breach . 
 `` reach for my hand ! '' 
 she gathered her legs beneath her . 
 kneeling , she leaned forward as she reached for his questing hand across the gap . 
 her fingertips were just centimeters from his , just within reach . 
 she stretched herself as far as she could , but it was not enough . 
 frustration filled her ; helplessness consumed her as her small plateau began to shrink . 
 `` jump ! '' 
 he hissed at her . 
 desperation seized her as she lunged forward , leaping for chris 's hand . 
 she fell forward ; air and space rushed up to meet her as she tumbled toward the large chasm . 
 a small scream of terror worked its way up her throat , but it lodged there as chris 's hand grasped hold of her arm . 
 his fingers dug into her skin , he held her tight , his grip painful and bruising , but greatly welcome . 
 cassie 's breath froze in her lungs , her body stiffened as she waited for the impending , painful contact of the wall of dirt and rocks . 
 she lifted her other hand , preparing to use it to block as much of the blow as she could as she fell rapidly forward . 
 her legs kicked out , catching a glance blow off the wall . 
 the impact of the wall threw her off balance , spinning her around in midair as chris clung to her . 
 arms suddenly wrapped around her , grasping her so tight that the air exploded from her lungs . 
 a startled cry escaped her as chris 's hand was ripped away , leaving long scratch marks down her arm . 
 the crater rushed away from her , the arms encircled her tighter . 
 she would have panicked against the sudden hold , but she recognized devon 's smell and solid embrace instantly . 
 all of her terror disappeared , the tension eased from her body as she allowed herself a moment to melt against him , to savor in him , to take comfort in the strength and reassurance of his embrace . 
 then , they were on solid ground . 
 his legs bowed as he took the impact of their landing , lifting her high so that her feet did not touch the ground . 
 he held her against his chest for a moment , his nose buried in her hair as he inhaled her scent deeply . 
 a shiver of delight and desire raced down her spine . 
 for a brief moment she allowed herself to forget everything as her fingers dug into his hard arm . 
 his lips touched briefly against her ear , then her neck , before he gently lowered her to the ground . 
 he rose slowly , his hand encircling hers as he lifted her to her feet . 
 his eyes were hard as they met hers , his jaw locked tight , and his shoulders stiff . 
 for a moment love filled his gaze , and then resignation and anger blazed forth . 
 cassie 's eyes widened , her hand tightened around his as she clenched it tighter . 
 this devon was different than the one that had fled the store . 
 that one had been terrified that he would hurt her , that he would take her against her will . 
 this devon looked prepared to do war as he released her . 
 he kept her behind him , his arm braced in front of her as he turned to face the strange man across the way . 
 the strange man with the frightening power to make the earth split apart in order to swallow her whole . 
 the man was grinning at them ; his eyes alight with mischief and delight . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 he cried eagerly , clasping his hands before him . 
 cassie 's eyes widened in the face of his obvious , malicious delight at seeing devon . 
 `` i was so hoping you would join us ! '' 
 `` here i am , '' devon growled . 
 cassie wanted to reach for devon , to cling to him , but she found herself unable to move as she watched the exchange in wide eyed fascination . 
 standing across from each other , the similarities between the two were even more noticeable , as was the immense hatred they had for one another . 
 devon stepped closer to her , blocking her even more from view as the strangers gaze darted quickly toward her , his smile widened to reveal his long fangs . 
 `` she 's a fine little piece . '' 
 a low hiss escaped devon , his muscles rippled beneath his shirt . 
 cassie thought he was going to lunge forward , but instead he pushed her back a step . 
 `` i 'll destroy your mind and rip your throat out before i ever let you near her . '' 
 the stranger 's amusement did not wane at the threat . 
 instead , he seemed even more intrigued by the notion as his head tilted to the side , trying to get a better look at her . 
 cassie stared in disbelief at the back of devon . 
 even against patrick he had not wanted to use his ability . 
 but now , not only was he threatening to wield it , he was also threatening to destroy this stranger with it . 
 she did not know how to process this strange turn of events . 
 cassie started in surprise , jumping slightly as julian suddenly appeared beside her , his arm firm against hers as he boxed her in . 
 she tilted her head to look up at him , her confusion evident as she met his electric eyes . 
 he gazed briefly down at her ; the hatred in his gaze leaving her breathless . 
 she knew that hatred was not for her , even when he had wanted to kill her he had never looked at her like that . 
 there had always been an air of amusement , curiosity , and admiration about him when it came to her . 
 there had never been hatred . 
 in fact , even when he had claimed to hate devon , she had never seen this look in his eyes . 
 this was absolute abhorrence , and it was apparent that it was for the man standing across the street from them . 
 who was he ? 
 she wondered again , her gaze darting back to the stranger . 
 he had to be someone bad if they were both reacting to him in such a way . 
 `` and if it is n't the venerable sidekick , '' the man purred , his eyes lighting upon julian . 
 `` i thought you two parted ways when devon went vegan on us . 
 imagine my surprise when matthew informed us that you two had reunited , and for this girl no less . 
 our enemy . '' 
 devon stiffened even more at the name matthew , while julian hissed a soft curse . 
 cassie glanced wildly between them , sensing that the name , and this man 's presence , was far worse than she had even begun to fathom . 
 `` how are you not killing each other over her ? '' 
 the man continued . 
 `` or are you sharing her like you 've shared so many others before ? '' 
 cassie winced involuntarily ; the words were a stabbing reminder of devon 's past that she did not want to hear . 
 a past that she had so recently come to terms with . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 devon roared his hands fisting as he took a step forward , bracing for an attack . 
 `` easy , '' julian warned , grasping hold of devon 's arm . 
 `` it 's what he wants devon , and that can not be good . '' 
 though devon did not lunge forward , his tension did not ease . 
 `` still a good sidekick , always sticking by your leader 's side , '' the man commented lightly , pinning julian with a disgusted look . 
 `` always second best , especially now . '' 
 julian quirked an eyebrow , amusement flitted over his features . 
 it was a look cassie recognized well , but the amusement did n't reach his eyes . 
 `` oh robert , even after all of these years your jealousy has not eased . 
 you were never best , second best , or even third , how pathetic and sad . '' 
 cassie 's forehead furrowed , her eyes narrowed as she glanced toward the stranger . 
 robert . 
 for the first time , he seemed aggravated by the situation , and not as in control . 
 julian 's words had affected him , rattled him , and annoyed him . 
 but even more than that , the name rang a bell in cassie 's memory . 
 she had heard it before , she could n't recall where , but she was fairly certain that devon had been the one to mention it . 
 she glanced back at the man , taking in his features and build . 
 her mind spun , running through everything that devon had ever told her . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 devon demanded . 
 robert 's gaze darted to her , his eyes lit , his mouth pursed as his eyes raked her . 
 cassie felt as if her skin had just been flayed from her body , as if she had just been ripped open and exposed to the very marrow of her bones . 
 her arms wrapped involuntarily around herself as she took a small step back . 
 it was more than apparent that this man wanted her dead . 
 devon growled in low warning , julian stepped closer to her . 
 her hands trembled , she wanted to reach out to devon , to touch him , to hold him , but she could n't bring herself to move . 
 her spinning mind had just clicked into place . 
 she suddenly knew instantly who this strange man was . 
 she also knew that devon had not told her about what he was . 
 that he had purposely kept it from her . 
 her eyes landed on devon 's broad back , betrayal spun through her , but she could n't bring herself to be angry , just shocked and dismayed . 
 and completely confused and lost . 
 why had he not told her about this ? 
 what had happened between them to cause such animosity and hatred ? 
 she glanced back at the strange man , but even before he spat the word with such vehemence , she already knew the answer , already knew who he was . 
 `` you know why i 'm here , brother . '' 
 *** devon could feel the turmoil rolling off of cassie , the shock and horror that vibrated from her in waves . 
 he did not feel shock from her though when robert revealed what they were to each other . 
 so , she had already figured it out , he realized . 
 she knew his worst secret now , the worst part of him , the one thing that he had never been able to bring himself to reveal to her . 
 the one person he had never wanted her to meet . 
 and now he wanted her the hell out of here before robert came at her again . 
 robert would do everything in his power to take her from him . 
 robert would do everything he could to destroy her , in order to destroy devon . 
 `` matthew sent you here ? '' 
 he inquired in a low rumble , barely able to get words out through the constriction of anger and terror tightening his chest . 
 roberts grin , and the wicked gleam in his eyes should have warned him , but he was still unprepared for what he said next . 
 `` oh no dear devon , matthew escorted me here . 
 i mean imagine our surprise when he revealed that there are hunter 's still alive , and one of our own fancies himself in love with one of them . 
 plus , from what i 've been led to understand , we are standing in what is now a ghost town , with a bunch of miscreants that never should have existed running around . 
 all of our lives are on the line if they escape here ; all of our safety is in jeopardy . 
 do you think that any of us would miss this fun ? '' 
 julian swore loudly , grabbing hold of cassie , he shoved her roughly in between him and devon as he stepped firmly behind her . 
 devon bristled at her startled cry , but he did not protest julian 's action , nor did he react to julian 's protective hold upon her . 
 it was where she needed to be , and he was simply grateful for the fact that julian would protect her with his life also . 
 something he greatly feared that julian was going to have to do very soon . 
 devon took a step back , pushing her tighter in between them . 
 her hands curled into his back , her breath was warm even through the layers of clothes he wore . 
 he would not allow her to die , he would not allow her to be killed , but he had no way to get her out of here right now . 
 not in time anyway . 
 `` i love you , '' she whispered , her head briefly dropping to his back . 
 devon shuddered ; raw emotion swirled up to choke him . 
 she had put her absolute faith and trust in him , and even though he had omitted a big part of his life , she still loved and forgave him . 
 he could not let such a person be destroyed . 
 he could not lose her . 
 he would do everything he could , do whatever it took to make sure that she walked away from this . 
 even if it meant doing things he had sworn he would never do again . 
 his gaze fell back to his brother ; it was not robert that he wanted , not robert that he could use . 
 but where were the others ? 
 he knew that they were all out there , somewhere . 
 he glanced toward chris , who remained standing only a few feet away , his face ashen , his eyes wide with terror . 
 chris sensed them , sensed their power and intent , and he knew what they were . 
 chris knew what else had come to this town , knew what else had come to kill them . 
 sensing devon 's gaze , chris turned slowly toward him , but he simply shook his head in response to devon 's unasked question . 
 chris did n't know where they were either . 
 devon 's hands clenched , his fingers fisted in frustration . 
 they would do whatever they could to avoid devon for as long as possible , to hide from him . 
 they thought that if they revealed themselves together they would be able to protect themselves from him . 
 however , they did not know that he had been feeding on cassie , a powerful hunter , who had julian 's elder blood inside her also . 
 they could not know the power that she possessed , the strength that had been flowing through her veins and into his . 
 they may have a vague inkling about it , or at least matthew might have foreseen it , but devon did n't think they would be here if they knew it all . 
 no matter what robert said about the hunter 's , or the creature 's in this town , those things together would still not be enough of an enticement to bring the elder 's here if they thought there was any chance they could lose this battle . 
 no matter what , above even risk of exposure , elder 's valued their own lives far more than they valued anything else . 
 the survival instinct in them was far deeper and fiercer than in younger vampires . 
 devon suspected the reasons for that were partly because they had survived so long , and they had seen and caused so much death in their long lives . 
 because of that , they had a far firmer grip on how tenuous life truly was . 
 even an immortals life . 
 the elder 's had a far firmer grip than a younger vampire who suddenly found themselves with a vast amount of power , vitality , and an immortality status they had never imagined could exist , and they believed it never could be revoked . 
 he suspected the other reason was that the elder 's had been around so long and caused so much destruction that they feared death , and the afterlife they may have to face . 
 for there would be no heaven for them , or for himself even , but a fiery pit of hell that none of them wanted to experience , but quite possibly could if they were destroyed . 
 no , the elder 's had come here fully expecting to win this battle . 
 which meant that matthew 's visions had not revealed everything to the elder 's and that gave them an air of surprise still that the elder 's would not expect . 
 there was still a chance he could get cassie out of here . 
 he did not kid himself into thinking that he could get them all out of here . 
 he was not a dreamer , or an optimist , he never had been . 
 he had always been practical , and he knew that when this was over they would not all be standing , but he was determined that cassie would be . 
 wrapping his arm behind him , his fingers entangled with hers . 
 for a brief moment he allowed himself to savor in the wonderful touch of her skin against his , in the wonderful peace that she brought to him . 
 the beast inside him was too focused upon the upcoming battle , and the necessity to keep her alive to allow himself to drift into her too much . 
 the man was terrified that he would lose her , and could barely bring himself to release her hand . 
 his fingertips lingered against hers for a brief moment before he let her go . 
 he turned back to his brother , bile and hate rising up in crushing waves . 
 they had never gotten along in life ; in death it had been even worse . 
 he knew that robert had come here specifically for cassie , specifically to take her from him . 
 but it was not robert that devon wanted , it was not robert that he needed . 
 and robert knew that . 
 as did the others . 
 and then he saw them , shadows emerging slowly from the woods , but not all of them came forward . 
 it did not matter though ; they were close enough now that he could feel the edges of their minds . 
 close enough to seize them . 
 he drew on cassie 's blood , drew on his far vaster strength as an elder . 
 he shoved gently forward with his mind , being careful not to make waves that adon could pick up on and alert the others to . 
 gently , slipping silently within their barriers , slithering as slowly and stealthily as a snake in the grass , he seized hold of two of their minds . 
 taking control , he twisted them to his will so smoothly that their facial expressions did n't even flicker , their eyes never even moved . 
 with gentle coercion , he instructed them to remain the same , to continue to act as they normally would . 
 he did not need them now , but he would need them soon , and when the time came they would have no choice but to join his side and help him protect cassie . 
 he could take more of them if he wanted , but with just the one mind alone , he could bend the most powerful amongst the elder 's to his will . 
 he seized the other mind only as a precaution , but it was a precaution that he was not willing to let go of . 
 with firm control over that one mind , devon turned toward zane , the man he had learned a lot from , the man who had been a mentor of sorts to devon . 
 a mentor from hell that was filled with nothing but hatred , vengeance , and bloodlust , and at one time devon had savored in it all . 
 devon had spent a fair amount of time with zane many years ago , but unlike julian , they had never grown to like each other . 
 they had never been friends . 
 the two of them had simply respected and learned from each other , simply savored in the ability of the other to one up each other in savagery . 
 devon had not seen zane in nearly four hundred years , but his capability for cruelty and torture was still very fresh in devon 's mind . 
 anger and hatred blazed through devon at the thought of what zane would do to cassie if he got his hands on her . 
 he would make her time with patrick beneath the school look like a vacation . 
 zane would torture her until there was nothing left of her , bleed her almost to death before bringing her back to do it over and over again . 
 he would make sure that she stayed alive for years in order to continue doing so . 
 devon gazed upon zane , the oldest elder , and the one that ran the show . 
 the one that mistakenly believed he still possessed more power than devon . 
 the one that had no way of knowing that devon already controlled him like a puppet . 
 a small , cruel smile curved zane 's mouth as he turned his gaze ever slowly from devon to cassie . 
 `` delicious , '' zane purred . 
 devon pushed her back a step , squeezing her tight between him and julian . 
 between the two of them , zane would never get at her . 
 hopefully . 
 chapter 15 cassie could barely breathe against the two bodies pressed tight to her . 
 but then she thought she would n't be able to breathe anyway through the shock , horror , and fear rolling through her . 
 she was no dummy ; she knew who these people were , knew what they represented . 
 she knew what they had come here for , and what they would do to all of them . 
 devon and julian may be elders , and there may be two other vampires , four hunter 's , -lrb- if they could untie joey there would be five of them , but she did n't think they would make it to him in time -rrb- , and a guardian present , but she knew that they would not be a match against eight elders . 
 they were no match against eight of the monsters that had killed her parents . 
 hatred and anger tore through her ; she trembled with the ferocity of it . 
 ever since she had learned the truth of what she was , ever since she had learned that the elder 's had organized a large group of vampires to destroy the hunter line , she had desperately wanted revenge . 
 and now was finally her chance for revenge , but there were so many of them and they were so powerful . 
 at least they would be able to take a few of them out -lrb- of that she was certain , because she would be sure to do so -rrb- , before they were completely overrun . 
 `` delicious . '' 
 cassie 's eyes narrowed on the one that had uttered the word with such reverence . 
 disgust rolled through her , but so did anger . 
 she studied the man carefully . 
 he radiated power , hunger , and maliciousness even more so than the others . 
 he also sported a bit of a tan . 
 she recalled devon telling her that he had known one other vampire that could walk about in the sun ; this was most definitely that man . 
 his eyes were light ochre brown , so light in fact that they appeared almost golden in the moonlight , like honey . 
 his dark blond hair was streaked with natural lighter blond highlights . 
 the highlights had been caused by the light of the sun , a light that he never should have known again , that devon never should have known again , but did . 
 he looked like a californian golden boy with his wavy hair falling over his forehead and his clean cut good looks . 
 his dark nature was very evident , as his was his thirst for blood , and it was more than apparent that he was no golden boy . 
 he was not as tall as the other men about him , but he bore an aura of power that made him appear even larger , even stronger . 
 even more formidable and intimidating . 
 `` zane , '' devon murmured his beautiful eyes hooded and dark as he stared hard at the other man . 
 zane , somehow that name fit the man perfectly . 
 it was wild and untamed , yet strong , deceiving , mischievous and dangerous . 
 everything she knew that he was . 
 he appeared a little older than devon , as if he had been turned in his mid to late twenties , maybe even early thirties instead . 
 not like it mattered when they had been turned , they were all over five hundred years old now , she realized with dismay . 
 devon 's gaze snapped toward the others as they all shifted amongst the shadows . 
 they moved eerily together like one smooth , flowing unit . 
 a unit that was acutely in tune with each other , as acutely in tune as a hive of bees or a flock of birds . 
 they had been together for so long that they no longer needed to speak in order to communicate with each other , but simply picked up on the others motions and movements . 
 they were completely freaky , and utterly frightening . 
 cassie wanted to press tighter to devon as her skin began to crawl , but she would not reveal her fear to them . 
 she would not give them the satisfaction of knowing that they had unnerved her . 
 she glanced over the rest of the group . 
 they were staring hungrily forth , their eyes as bright and eager as wolves . 
 cassie met their gazes , not backing down from their ravenous , nerve racking stares . 
 `` devon . '' 
 zane 's full mouth curved into a half smile , his long fangs flashed in the dim moonlight . 
 cassie briefly wondered where all the halflings had disappeared to ; they almost would have been handy to have around right now . 
 she had a feeling they would go after this crew with a vengeance . 
 a cool breeze drifted through the trees , the clicking of their skeletal branches was eerie in the oddly silent night . 
 no one moved as each group sized the other up . 
 `` sleeping with the enemy ? '' 
 zane inquired softly . 
 devon shifted again , his muscles rippled as he bristled with anger . 
 `` you know i wo n't let you near her , '' he growled . 
 `` then we have a problem , '' zane said softly . 
 `` their kind kills ours . 
 their kind was never meant to walk this earth ; they are an abomination that should have been eliminated years ago . 
 it is only fate and misfortune that spared a small percentage of them . '' 
 zane 's head tilted to the side as he studied her like a bug , but with an air of confusion . 
 `` we can not continue to allow these creatures to roam the earth . '' 
 cassie 's eyes widened , her mouth parted slowly . 
 julian 's hand brushed against her waist , touching reassuringly upon her for a brief moment . 
 `` it does n't matter what you want zane . 
 it never has , not to me , not to us , in case you have forgotten . 
 you never ruled over us . '' 
 zane 's honey eyes narrowed slightly as anger flashed briefly through them . 
 `` you think you 're all grown up , but you 're forgetting that you 're playing with the big boys again now . '' 
 `` you think that there are n't enough of us to take you down zane ? '' 
 zane 's gaze darted disdainfully over everyone . 
 `` no . '' 
 cassie 's pride prickled , her shoulders straightened . 
 she went to step out from around devon , but julian grabbed her shoulder , holding her firmly in place . 
 `` stay , '' he growled in a low voice . 
 she turned to glare at him , but he would not meet her gaze as he remained focused upon the strangers still half hidden within the shadows of the forest . 
 devon subtly backed her up even tighter against julian . 
 `` you know there is a good chance that i can take you , and we will take at least some of you with us . 
 are you willing to risk losing a few of your cronies ? '' 
 devon snarled . 
 zane 's mouth quirked in a small smile . 
 `` temper temper devon , you never learn . 
 you still wo n't listen to me , you just do what you want to do , and believe what you want to believe . 
 you would think a half a millennium years might have tempered that tendency a little . 
 it will get you killed one day . '' 
 cassie bristled over his words . 
 no one was going to take devon from her . 
 no one . 
 `` what do you want zane ? '' 
 julian growled . 
 `` i may want them all dead , like they deserve to be , but we are not here to fight you . 
 not unless , or until , it becomes necessary . '' 
 zane 's gaze came back to cassie , his head tilted slightly to the side as he studied her carefully . 
 `` without her , there is no you . '' 
 devon 's hand snaked back , he seized hold of her arm so fast that she did n't see him until he had already grasped her . 
 a small gasp of surprise escaped as he pulled her firmly behind him , burying her against him . 
 she blinked in startled surprise at his broad back , the only thing she could see now . 
 her nose was smashed against him , she could hardly breathe . 
 `` you 'll never touch her ! '' 
 he snapped , his tone so fierce that the hairs on cassie 's neck stood up at the same time that her blood turned to ice . 
 a trembling took hold of her ; terror began to creep through her . 
 but she was not frightened for herself , or even for her friends right now , she was scared for devon . 
 scared that he would snap and do something reckless and dangerous . 
 frightened that he would do something that she could not stop him for doing . 
 `` devon , '' she whispered , her fingers curling into his shirt as if that would stop him from doing something crazy , as if she could hold him back if he went after zane . 
 his only acknowledgement of her was a small tightening upon her arm . 
 `` easy devon , '' another murmured from the shadows . 
 `` though zane is not making it clear , we are not here for that . '' 
 cassie turned toward the man that had spoken , her eyes widened upon his overwhelming , burly figure . 
 he was by far the largest man she had ever seen , even though he had to be over five hundred years old , and people were shorter back then . 
 she could only imagine what people had thought about him back then as this man was massive ! 
 he was well over six and a half feet tall , with shoulders so broad that they blocked out the trees behind him . 
 his legs were the size of full grown tree trunks , his arms nearly as big . 
 his unruly brown hair curled around his broad , heavily bearded face . 
 though his hair was brown , his beard was a bright red . 
 his eyes were some strange mixture of his hair and beard , a deep brownish red that shone in the light of the moon . 
 in fact , those eyes looked almost kind , almost impish . 
 though she knew what he was , and what his presence here meant , she could not envision him being cruel or vicious . 
 in fact , if that hair and beard ever went gray , and despite his massive size , she could easily picture children sitting upon his lap telling him what they wanted for christmas . 
 `` then what are you here for ? '' 
 devon demanded . 
 the giant of a man glanced at zane , disapproval obvious in his gaze . 
 `` to make sure the halflings within this town do not escape , and that they do not become known amongst the world . 
 they 'll endanger us all if they do . '' 
 `` we are also here for the girl , '' zane interjected sharply , shooting the giant a dark look . 
 cassie 's fingers dug uselessly into devon 's shirt as the rage within him notched up a little . 
 she could not stop him ; she would not reach him if he went after them . 
 `` zane ! '' 
 the giant hissed , obviously becoming aggravated by his friends hostile attitude . 
 `` enough bernard , '' zane ordered briskly . 
 `` devon must know the whole reason why we are here , and what must be done . '' 
 devon 's one hand was fisted , and though he still held her arm , she was able to twist herself slightly away from his back . 
 his eyes were a fiery red as he glanced toward her before trying to push her behind him again . 
 before devon could successfully shove her aside again , she managed to turn and meet zane 's amused expression head on . 
 `` and what must be done ? '' 
 she demanded , tilting her chin defiantly . 
 he grinned at her , his long fangs flashing brightly in his tanned face . 
 `` you must be changed , of course . '' 
 cassie 's breath exploded out of her , she nearly fell over from the shock the words caused her . 
 the silence that followed was so profound that she could hear one of the few rabbits left in the woods scurry back into its hole . 
 the silence was so profound that she could hear the soft breaths of the people behind her . 
 even devon , who had seemed so close to the edge , remained frozen , unmoving , paralyzed by the words that zane had just issued . 
 cassie was the first to recover her aplomb , the first to know how to respond . 
 `` ok . '' 
 whereas zane 's words had stunned everyone into silence , her single word caused an explosion of flurry and reaction so intense that she almost covered her ears to block out their protests . 
 the only ones who did not start shouting their disapproval were julian and devon . 
 they remained completely silent as they stared at her as if she had sprouted two heads , as if she were some alien from the planet jupiter . 
 the elders remained silent , watching intently as everyone that had been standing near the store completely forgot about the elders . 
 they rushed forward , their voices jumbled loudly together in their urge to be heard over everyone else . 
 they approached steadily , each voicing their opposition . 
 the only one that held back was luther , he was also not screaming as he moved slowly toward them . 
 his gray eyes were sad ; the expression he wore was resolved , and slightly frightened . 
 throughout everything they had been through , she had never seen luther frightened ; she had not thought that it was possible . 
 cassie could not tear her eyes away from his face . 
 she could not look away from the man who had been like a father to her for the past four years . 
 he looked as if he had lost her , or was terrified that he was about to . 
 cassie knew what her decision meant , knew what the consequences of it could be , but she no longer cared . 
 she had always known that they would come to a crossroad , that one day the choice would be forced upon them . 
 but lately she had begun to fear that it would happen because devon could no longer control himself and took her by force . 
 if that happened he would always hate himself , even if she did come through the transformation unscathed . 
 but if the choice was taken from them , if they were forced into it , then he could not blame himself , and the tension , misery , and instability he had been living with could be eased . 
 it would be ok , she would be ok . 
 she firmly believed that , no matter what anyone else said . 
 she would survive this , she would come through it . 
 she had survived far worse and she was still intact . 
 she would make it through this . 
 `` it is settled then , '' zane declared . 
 he folded his hands before him , as his eyes gleamed with satisfaction . 
 `` the hell it is ! '' 
 devon exploded . 
 cassie flinched slightly . 
 she wanted to move away from the wrath that blasted from him , but she would not back down from this . 
 `` devon ... '' `` this will not happen ! '' 
 he interrupted fiercely . 
 `` this will happen ! '' 
 she retorted just as fiercely . 
 `` it has to happen devon . 
 it finally has to happen . '' 
 his eyes narrowed fiercely , the blood red color of them more than a little disturbing . 
 `` the choice has been taken from us . 
 we can do this , i can survive this . '' 
 his black hair fell across his forehead in a tumbled mess as he shook his head fiercely . 
 `` no , i will not take the chance ... '' `` the chance that you will snap and do it by force !? 
 the chance that i will be killed and it will destroy you anyway ? 
 the chance that i may very well just grow old and die ? 
 what chance is it that you are unwilling to take devon ? '' 
 `` the chance that i will turn you into a monster ! '' 
 he roared . 
 cassie 's heart broke , pieces of it scattered about her feet . 
 she understood his fear , his anguish , his terror , but he did n't understand that this must be done now . 
 she turned toward zane , hating the smug look on his face . 
 `` if this happens , you will leave us all be ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he purred . 
 `` you ca n't trust him cassie , '' devon moaned . 
 she knew that , she was not a fool . 
 but she also knew that the elder 's would need them as much as they needed the elder 's if they were going to take down the halflings . 
 the creatures in this town were far smarter , and more powerful , than any of them had realized . 
 they needed help in order to thwart this problem . 
 and so would the elder 's , no matter how powerful they thought they were , they would not all survive the creatures in this town . 
 they would lose a few of their own in the process , and that was a chance that cassie did n't think they were willing to take . 
 there were too few of them left to risk losing any more of them . 
 `` i know that , '' she whispered . 
 `` but we can not trust you either anymore . '' 
 devon looked as if she had slapped him . 
 she hated to hurt him , hated driving the knife deeper in order to get her own way , but it needed to be done . 
 he needed to realize that this was the end of the road . 
 needed to realize that there was nowhere else for them to go . 
 `` and you ca n't keep taking off whenever you feel yourself unraveling . 
 i need you devon , and if this continues on , i am going to lose you . '' 
 his eyes flickered , pain radiated from him , but she saw a softening in his features . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` there is no choice , the decision has been made , '' zane said firmly . 
 `` she will join us . '' 
 cassie shot zane a fierce look as anger flitted over devon 's features . 
 she had just been starting to reach him but now she could feel his stubborn streak surging to life , wanting to deny zane 's words . 
 she also wanted to tell zane that she would not be joining him , she would be joining devon . 
 wanted to tell him that she would never be on their side , but she bit her tongue . 
 she had a feeling that if she protested that statement holy hell would break lose . 
 `` wait ... '' `` there are details to iron out of course , '' zane continued over devon 's protest . 
 `` we will need to make a decision on what will happen to her if the change is not successful . 
 we also must discuss what our relationship amongst each other will be when this is done . 
 there must be a truce struck . '' 
 `` i will not let this happen , '' devon grated . 
 `` if it does not happen , then we will fight , because she can not remain the way that she is . 
 we can not allow a hunter to exist that can turn into a monster at a moment 's notice . 
 apparently her kind used to have the decency to take care of them , but that does n't happen now . '' 
 cassie felt as if she had been slapped . 
 devon 's hands tightened around her as she took a small step back , horror curdling through her . 
 `` zane , '' devon hissed in warning . 
 `` why would you want to change me , and not kill me ? '' 
 cassie demanded ignoring devon 's censuring , flustered look . 
 zane stared hard at her for a moment , his head tilting back and forth like an owl scoping its ' pray . 
 though she was a trembling mass of fear and uncertainty inside , she kept her shoulders thrust back , and her chin lifted defiantly . 
 `` a battle would be fun , but some of us would be lost , something i do not wish to have happen . 
 you also know that most of you will not survive . 
 is that a chance you 're willing to take ? '' 
 `` no , '' cassie answered when devon remained silent , brooding . 
 `` no , but you must promise you will not hurt them . '' 
 `` of course i wo n't , '' zane murmured . 
 `` cassie , '' chris whispered . 
 she turned toward him , hating the sadness and resignation in his eyes . 
 `` it will be ok , '' she promised . 
 he shook his head , his mouth opened before snapping closed again . 
 `` their promises mean nothing , '' julian informed her in a low , disgruntled voice . 
 `` nothing princess , do you understand that ? '' 
 she swallowed heavily before nodding . 
 `` do we have a choice ? '' 
 `` we have a choice , '' he growled . 
 her gaze darted to devon ; her heart ached with love and need at the sight of his broken expression . 
 `` do we ? '' 
 she whispered , her hand entwining tightly with devon 's , clinging to him . 
 `` do we ? '' 
 he pulled her suddenly against him . 
 his hands wrapped around her face as his lips descended upon hers . 
 she could feel his fangs against her mouth , but she did not care as his tongue plummeted into her mouth with a desperation and ferocity that left her breathless and shaken . 
 she trembled within his grasp , melting against him as she forgot about every rotten , evil thing surrounding them . 
 she needed this moment , needed this man , no matter how short lived it may be . 
 tears burned her eyes , her fingers curled into his side , clinging to him . 
 he pulled slowly away , gently kissing her lips , her nose , and finally her forehead . 
 `` it will be ok , '' she vowed . 
 his eyes were emerald once more as he met her gaze . 
 he stared hard at her for a moment , his fingers lightly stroking her face before he bent to kiss her gently once more . 
 he did not turn to look at the others before speaking again . 
 `` we will go inside and discuss this , '' he said softly . 
 `` wonderful ! '' 
 zane announced happily . 
 cassie closed her eyes against zane 's joy , hating this entire situation , but also oddly excited about what was to come . 
 she knew that her time on earth as a human was running short , but she was not terrified by that prospect . 
 not if it meant spending eternity with the one person she loved most in her life . 
 anger flashed across devon 's gorgeous features , but he took hold of her hand as he turned back toward the store . 
 his gaze briefly met julian 's , who hung back , waiting for the elder 's to come forward . 
 cassie held her head high as devon led her past the others , but she could feel the sadness that radiated from them . 
 chapter 16 devon remained silent as he stood in the middle of the room . 
 though he was braced for a swift attack , he tried to keep his posture as casual as possible . 
 he had tried to keep cassie behind him but she refused to stay there , and stood silently by his side . 
 his violet blue eyes were wide as she studied the elder 's gathered before them . 
 he could sense her curiosity , her questions , especially about his brother , but she did n't ask them . 
 she would not do so until this ordeal was over . 
 he glanced toward robert , bristling at the sight of the man . 
 he had never wanted to see him again . 
 his brother was a man that he had cared for a little , but had never been close to in life . 
 he had grown to despise robert in death . 
 robert stared back at devon , an amused smile quirked his mouth as he leaned against the wall , his arms folded over his chest . 
 every once in awhile robert 's gaze would wander to cassie , lingering on her far too long for devon 's liking . 
 it did n't matter what zane said , they were not here for a tenuous truce . 
 if they had come here looking for a truce , they would have left robert behind , no matter how many reinforcements they felt they may need here . 
 they all knew that what robert wanted more than anything was to see devon miserable , not dead because that would be too quick , but completely destroyed . 
 devon wanted to tell robert to stop looking at her , but he knew that all robert wanted was a reaction from him . 
 he refused to give it to him . 
 julian shifted slightly , his shoulder brushing up against cassie 's , his lip curled into a sneer as he glared at robert . 
 though there was a fierce amount of hostility between robert and devon , there was even more between robert and julian . 
 especially since robert had once tried to kill julian , and would have succeeded if devon had not intervened . 
 that had been the last time devon had seen robert , and he was fairly certain it had been the last time that julian had too . 
 devon had left his brother broken and bleeding , and near death . 
 devon had been brutal and ruthless at the time , had savored in the blood and the power , but he had been unable to bring himself to kill his own brother . 
 he was beginning to regret that decision now . 
 though he knew that robert had not actually been trying to kill cassie outside , and had merely been trying to draw devon out , devon also knew that robert would kill her if given the chance . 
 as long as it was in front of him , and devon was determined not to let that happen . 
 cassie tilted her chin , her gorgeous eyes narrowed as she glared back at robert . 
 he broke into a wide grin , his eyebrows wiggling suggestively as he tilted his head to the side . 
 `` you know i was always the better looking , more sought after brother . 
 you could always switch ; many a woman has . '' 
 julian 's breath hissed out of him , his anger notched up a fierce level . 
 devon 's hands fisted as he fought the urge to punch the smug look off of robert 's face , but he knew that was exactly what robert wanted . 
 cassie sneered in disgust . 
 `` they obviously lied to you , '' she retorted . 
 robert 's grin widened . 
 `` i 'm going to enjoy ripping your throat out . '' 
 `` i 'd like to see you try . '' 
 `` cassie , '' julian growled in warning . 
 devon remained silent , unmoving . 
 he wanted cassie to stop baiting robert , yet at the same time he wished that robert would rush him , that robert would give him the excuse he needed to kill him . 
 `` enough , '' zane commanded , holding up a hand as robert took a step forward . 
 `` she will be one of us . '' 
 `` why are you so determined about that ? '' 
 cassie inquired . 
 `` to join forces of course . 
 hunters and vampires have fought for over a thousand years ; it is time to end that war . 
 if you are both a hunter and a vampire we can guarantee that this batch behind you will stay clear of us . '' 
 cassie glanced behind her , her delicate eyebrows drawn tightly together , her mouth pursed . 
 `` you killed our parents , '' she whispered . 
 `` bygones , '' zane replied lightly . 
 cassie 's head spun back around , her eyes narrowed fiercely . 
 devon stiffened , panic filling him as her fury beat against him . 
 he did n't want them to see what she could be capable of , did n't want them to see what was inside of her . 
 not now anyway , he did not need them to attack right now , and he feared they would if they realized just how much power was inside of her . 
 he feared that they would destroy her rather than take the risk of what changing her might actually do to her . 
 `` bygones ! '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` bygones ! 
 they were our parents you son of a bitch ! '' 
 devon took a defensive step forward , wishing yet again that for once cassie was n't quite so fearless . 
 zane was not one to mess with . 
 but instead of becoming angry , true amusement lit zane 's eyes . 
 `` she 's a feisty one , i like it . '' 
 `` you do n't know how feisty i can be ! '' 
 she spat back at him . 
 `` cassie , '' devon hissed . 
 `` enough . '' 
 she glared up at him . 
 folding her arms over her chest , she focused her hate filled look on zane again . 
 her foot tapped impatiently , but for once she held her tongue . 
 `` the change will occur tonight . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 devon sighed in resignation as he turned back to cassie ; at least she had stayed silent for a moment . 
 determination lit her delicate features , her lips were pursed tightly . 
 `` what do you mean no ? '' 
 zane demanded , his amusement fading rapidly . 
 `` this will be done . '' 
 `` yes , it will , '' cassie agreed . 
 `` but not tonight , not until these creatures have been taken care of . 
 you will need devon and i in this fight , if something goes wrong with the change then you will no longer have either of us . 
 you especially need devon since you are the only other vampire here that can walk about in the daylight , and we know that some of the halflings can too . '' 
 zane was thoughtful , silent as he pondered over cassie 's words . 
 `` and how do you know that i share devon 's ability ? '' 
 cassie rolled her eyes in disgust . 
 `` you 're the only other one sporting a tan . '' 
 amusement returned to zane 's features , a hint of respect shone in his eyes . 
 devon was not fooled though , zane may be entertained and impressed by cassie , but devon knew zane would still kill her in a heartbeat . 
 `` very true my dear . 
 the change will wait until this ordeal is over , but the moment that it is over the change will occur . 
 even if i have to do it myself . '' 
 devon bristled , shifting slightly . 
 he may not agree with this , but no one else was ever going to touch her . 
 `` that wo n't happen , '' devon told him , his voice low and deadly . 
 `` then make sure that the change does occur , '' zane informed him coldly . 
 devon 's jaw clenched , rage flared through him . 
 `` i 'm not one of your little followers zane , i never have been , '' he snarled as his gaze raked disdainfully over the people gathered around him . 
 `` do not think you have any control over me . '' 
 `` but i do , '' zane replied . 
 `` you will do anything not to have her hurt , in any way . 
 if you wish to push this into a fight you both may survive it , but not everyone will . 
 you do not want her heart to be broken do you ? '' 
 frustration filled him ; he wanted nothing more than to beat the smug look from zane 's face . 
 cassie touched his arm lightly , looking to soothe him . 
 `` how do we know we can trust you not to turn on us anyway ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` how do we know we can trust you not to turn on us once the change is complete ? '' 
 she glanced nervously around before her gaze settled on devon , seeking help . 
 `` you do n't . '' 
 `` and neither do you . '' 
 `` you could allow julian to touch you , '' devon said softly . 
 `` to learn the truth . '' 
 zane quirked an eyebrow . 
 `` then you would know the truth and we would not , that would put us at a disadvantage . '' 
 devon glanced toward julian . 
 his jaw was set , his hands fisted . 
 his eyes burned with his desire to grasp hold of one of them and learn the truth , but he remained restrained and unmoving . 
 `` bernard can tell if we are lying to you or not , '' devon answered . 
 bernard glanced over them all , his gaze briefly settled on chris before he nodded his agreement . 
 `` yes , the boy will not block my ability , he is not strong enough . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 chris inquired sharply . 
 bernard turned away , apparently deciding that chris was not worth talking to . 
 chris continued to glare at the massive giant of a man , looking completely affronted . 
 `` bernard 's ability is the same as yours ; he can sense people 's emotions and what they are truly like inside . 
 he will know if we are lying , '' annabelle told chris gently , trying to ease his anger . 
 chris looked even more aggravated and insulted by this response . 
 unfortunately though , it was the truth , bernard was far more powerful than chris . 
 in fact , the elders were all more powerful than most of the people in this room , it was why devon did n't trust zane . 
 it would be a fierce battle between the groups , but the outcome would more than likely favor the elder 's . 
 even though he knew that zane did n't want to lose any member of his group , he still did n't understand why they would be willing to back down . 
 and why did they want cassie to change when they had no idea what she would become ? 
 `` then you will allow julian to touch you , '' devon commanded . 
 zane 's eyes flickered with hostility and resentment . 
 he did not like being ordered around , it was why devon had made it more of a command than a question . 
 he wanted zane rattled and angered , it may let some of his defenses drop enough for julian to slip in . 
 zane hesitated , his jaw clenched tighter . 
 `` fine , '' zane finally relented . 
 julian broke into a wide grin , stepping eagerly forward as he was finally given reign to set his powers free . 
 devon seized hold of julian 's arm before he went any further . 
 he wanted julian to grab hold of zane , wanted to know what julian would be able to learn from him . 
 but devon also knew that there was a possibility that zane had become powerful enough to keep julian blocked from anything that he did n't want him to know . 
 holding tight to julian , he tried to make sure that he learned everything that devon wanted him to know . 
 tried to make sure that julian understood there was someone else that he must touch . 
 someone that devon now controlled , and who would be unable to keep anything from julian while under devon 's command . 
 julian 's eyes widened slightly upon his , surprise , amusement , and admiration gleamed in his gaze . 
 for a moment devon was sharply reminded of how things used to be between them , how close they had been , how devious and cruel . 
 he was reminded of the fun they had once shared , not only while killing , fighting , and hunting for women , but also just with each other . 
 they had shared many laughs , many drinks , and many nights simply enjoying each other 's friendship . 
 they had been closer than brothers , far closer than devon and robert had ever been , and that was one of the reasons that robert hated julian so much . 
 a pain tugged at devon 's heart , and for the first time he actually found himself wishing that they could go back there , that they could share that again . 
 but he knew that it could never be that way again , not with everything that had passed between them , and not with julian 's feelings for cassie . 
 julian 's eyes glimmered briefly , something slipped across his features as he sensed devon 's change of thought . 
 `` i want to know why they want her to change so badly too , '' devon said aloud to explain his halting of julian to the elder 's , though julian already knew this . 
 julian 's gaze slid to cassie , pain and longing bloomed briefly in his iced eyes . 
 then , to devon 's complete and utter surprise , he grasped hold of devon 's arm with his free hand , squeezed it tightly , and nodded to him . 
 though julian did n't say the words , devon knew that he had just released any resentment toward him . 
 julian would not stand in their way , and he accepted what he could n't have , no matter how badly he wanted cassie . 
 in that moment devon knew he had his friend again , that he did n't have to worry about any of julian 's intentions , and that he could rely upon him again . 
 cassie turned toward him as julian strode across the room . 
 tears glimmered in her eyes as she slid her hand into devon 's , squeezing it reassuringly . 
 he studied her , amazed by her strength and beauty . 
 touched by her unwavering love and understanding , no matter what he kept from her , or did to her . 
 he was acutely reminded of the fact that she was too good for him , that she deserved better than this life . 
 and yet this was all that he could give her . 
 one day he would make this up to her . 
 when this was over , he vowed he would give her everything that she deserved , and more . 
 his hand tightened around hers as he clasped it within both of his . 
 julian reached zane , grinning wildly as he stopped before the oldest elder . 
 they were the golden boys of the elders , both fair and bright with disarming good looks . 
 but that was where the similarities between them ended . 
 zane was refined , elegant , and thin with expensive clothes and even more expensive tastes . 
 there was never a hair out of place , never a speck of dirt upon him . 
 julian however was wild , preferred beer to champagne , had never worn anything more expensive than cotton , and was never happier then when he was rolling around in the dirt getting drunk and causing a raucous . 
 their completely different personalities were only some of the reasons they hated each other . 
 there were far more . 
 one of the main reasons being that like devon , julian had never fallen into line with the rest of the elder 's . 
 he disdained their way of life , much preferring to be out in the world , reveling in it , instead of hiding and slinking through the shadows . 
 zane had never allowed julian to touch him before ; in fact he had gone out of his way to avoid it every time they 'd met . 
 from the look on his face , he would not allow it now if it were n't for the fact that he did n't have a choice . 
 and there was no choice ; if zane did n't allow julian to touch him then he would be admitting that there was something to hide . 
 but if zane did allow julian to touch him , then there was also the possibility that he could somehow keep it hidden from julian . 
 `` this is to be quick . 
 you get one brief chance to find what you are looking for and that is all , '' zane sneered . 
 julian 's mouth quirked , distaste flashed through his eyes . 
 `` do n't be afraid zane , it does n't hurt . 
 much . '' 
 julian taunted . 
 anger sparked from zane , but before he could retort or react , julian grasped hold of his arm . 
 zane jerked back instantly , his arm flying up as he knocked julian 's hand aside . 
 `` thanks for the insight , '' julian murmured . 
 zane 's eyes flooded red with fury , his jaw clenched tight , but he did not swing at julian like he apparently longed to do . 
 julian moved down the line of elder 's examining each one of them before stopping before adon . 
 though adon had one of the strongest abilities , he was also one of the two younger than julian , and therefore unable to resist julian 's probing . 
 he was also under devon 's firm control , and would be unable to withhold anything from julian . 
 before anyone could stop him , julian seized hold of adon 's hand . 
 no one moved . 
 everyone remained frozen until damon instructed adon to react as he normally would have . 
 adon jerked his hand free of julian 's grasp and delivered such a speedy round house that julian did n't have time to dodge it . 
 his head snapped back , his teeth clattered loudly together as blood exploded from his inner cheek , spraying across the floor . 
 releasing cassie , devon jumped forward . 
 he knew that julian was going to react badly to this , and now was not the time to fight . 
 they were not prepared for it . 
 julian wiped the blood from his mouth with his sleeve , but to devon 's surprise , he did not attack adon . 
 `` that 's one , you wo n't get another , '' he growled . 
 adon glared back at him , his hands fisted at his side . 
 devon did n't tell adon to back down , he could n't . 
 adon had to appear normal ; they could not suspect that devon now had complete control over one of their own . 
 `` no adon , '' zane said sharply . 
 `` we are not here for that . '' 
 adon remained unmoving , his slender five foot four frame as taut as a bowstring . 
 aside from annabelle , he was the smallest person in the room , and had what was now commonly referred to as little man syndrome . 
 his temper was infamous and fiery , but it had supposedly been in check ever since he had nearly been lynched by a mob two hundred years ago . 
 the humans had discovered what he was after he had gone on a drunken rampage in a tavern . 
 it was only the interference of zane , and robert , that had kept adon alive . 
 devon was honestly surprised that adon had survived as long as he had , but he supposed living away from society for long periods of time had probably attributed to that . 
 though , adon looked as if he still wanted to pounce upon julian , his eyes slowly returned to their dark mocha color as he took a small step back . 
 his dark hair fell across his cheek . 
 adon was of greek ancestry , but years spent out of the sun had faded his olive complexion . 
 julian turned slowly away , nearly bumping into devon . 
 `` was n't expecting that , '' he muttered , wiping away the remaining blood that trickled down his lip . 
 `` nor i. '' `` did you find out what you wanted to know ? '' 
 zane demanded , obviously irritated with the situation . 
 devon glanced toward julian , who nodded briefly . 
 `` i think we can trust them , '' julian said softly . 
 `` though they do not like this union , they are accepting of it because they feel that cassie will be a powerful ally , an asset . '' 
 `` asset ? '' 
 cassie inquired sharply . 
 devon recognized , and disliked , the rebellious fire in her eyes . 
 `` the elders , '' julian said disdainfully . 
 `` mistakenly believe that every vampire created belongs to them . 
 that every vampire is meant to do their bidding , and to serve them . 
 they think that they will have ultimate power over you . '' 
 zane smiled coldly at julian . 
 `` we may not control you , but we do have ultimate power over you . 
 we all serve the same purpose , we all want the same things in the long run , and that is to keep our own kind safe . 
 cassie will be a great aid in that . '' 
 `` and if things go wrong ? '' 
 cassie demanded , obviously irritated that they thought they would have any control over her . 
 her arms were folded tightly over her chest , her eyebrows drawn sharply together as she tapped her foot impatiently . 
 `` everyone in this room knows that you will have to be dealt with if it comes to that . 
 no one disagrees with that fact . '' 
 cassie 's gaze came slowly toward devon ; her eyes were hopeless and lost . 
 devon ached for her , but he could not disagree with zane 's statement . 
 if something went wrong , they would have to both be destroyed . 
 there was no getting around that fact . 
 `` i want every one of your friends to agree to this arrangement , aloud and separately so that bernard can read them . 
 if there is no agreement , and if he feels any kind of betrayal or lie from you , there will be consequences . '' 
 panic flared through cassie 's eyes , but before she could protest , julian seized hold of her arm and bent low to her ear . 
 though devon could not hear what he said , cassie 's mouth clamped shut . 
 around the room people slowly responded . 
 julian continued to hold her arm as cassie bent her head , listening silently as everyone gave a soft yes . 
 devon remained a few feet from them , his eyes focused on bernard as he read each response , nodding slowly afterward . 
 chris was the last , and the slowest , to respond . 
 he hesitated , his silence deep within the crowded room . 
 cassie finally lifted her head , turning to look at her best friend . 
 `` chris , '' she whispered . 
 chris licked his lips nervously . 
 `` i agree with the change , but i will not help to destroy you . '' 
 his gaze flickered to devon . 
 `` either of you . '' 
 devon tilted his head , studying the boy who had come to be his friend . 
 `` understandable , '' devon said softly . 
 the scent of cassie 's tears was sharp in the room as she hurried to chris , enveloping him in a tight hug . 
 chris buried his head in her shoulder , clinging to cassie . 
 `` odd , '' zane murmured . 
 devon turned slowly toward him , despising the tone of his voice . 
 `` what is ? '' 
 `` i would never allow anastasia to hug another man . '' 
 `` no dear , you allow me to do so much more , '' anastasia purred , licking her lips eagerly . 
 the last time devon had seen her , her black hair had been floor length . 
 it was now cut into a sleek bob just beneath her ears that showed off her refined , aristocratic features . 
 her vivid dark blue eyes stood out sharply against the pallor of her skin , and the midnight of her hair . 
 `` because i love it when you catch me . '' 
 devon 's stomach twisted in disgust and revulsion . 
 the two of them had been together for over four hundred years . 
 their love was strong , fierce , and completely sick and twisted . 
 they did things to each other , and other people , that had repulsed him even when he had been at his absolute worst . 
 though , there had been a time when he had thought that what they shared was the only kind of love a vampire could have . 
 a time when he believed that if he did find a mate , their relationship would be exactly like zane and anastasia 's . 
 he was thankful to know now that he had been completely wrong . 
 their love was wrong , and completely tainted . 
 their relationship was so twisted and dark , because they were so twisted and dark . 
 zane and anastasia exchanged a look that made devon 's lip curl in disgust . 
 he glanced behind him to make sure that cassie was not watching , or listening , he did not want her to witness this sick exchange . 
 she was still hugging chris , and luther and melissa had now joined them ; they spoke softly as they clung to each other . 
 `` what is your assessment bernard ? '' 
 julian inquired obviously just as disgusted by the exchange as devon was . 
 `` they tell the truth , '' bernard said softly . 
 `` they may not like this arrangement , but they will agree with it . 
 if we do not betray them , they will not betray us . '' 
 `` wonderful , '' zane said eagerly , licking his lips in anticipation . 
 `` we have all come to an agreement ! 
 now we must decide how to proceed with these creatures , but that can wait till tomorrow . 
 we are all tired , it has been a long trip . '' 
 `` you will not be staying here , '' devon told him when zane looked around the room . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 devon folded his arms over his chest , bracing his feet wide as he faced off against the lead elder . 
 `` we may have a tenuous truce , but we will not pretend to like , or respect each other . 
 you will not be staying here . '' 
 `` but we must discuss plans . '' 
 `` tomorrow . '' 
 `` hmm , '' zane nodded . 
 `` i suppose you are correct , we should not push our boundaries . '' 
 `` no , you should not . '' 
 `` where is safe around here ? '' 
 octavia inquired . 
 her liquid brown eyes were intent as she studied devon with distaste . 
 she had once tried to pursue him , but he had spurned her advances as she had also been with his brother at the time . 
 and devon wanted nothing to do with anything that robert had touched , ever . 
 apparently octavia had decided that she wanted nothing to do with him either , now that he was no longer a monster . 
 octavia was not a pretty girl in the classical sense , but she was one of the most sensual , curvaceous women he had ever seen . 
 she was also one of the cruelest and most vindictive . 
 `` the bank has a safe ; you will be fine inside there . 
 no sunlight will get in , and there is a way to let yourselves out from the inside , '' devon told them . 
 he could feel cassie 's gaze upon his back , but he did n't look at her . 
 he did n't want her to know that he had attempted lock himself in there in order to stay away from her . 
 the discovery of the release handle inside had prevented him from being successful however . 
 she had already been exposed to far too much evil for his liking , he did n't want her exposed to anymore , especially not his own . 
 `` and what will we do if they come for us during the day ? '' 
 octavia asked softly . 
 `` they will not , '' matthew answered . 
 `` the battle does not begin today . '' 
 everyone focused their attention upon the slender man with his hands folded peacefully before him . 
 his shock of orange hair puffed out around his face in unruly wisps . 
 the orange freckles spattered across his face stood out sharply against the deathly pallor of his skin . 
 matthew had been fair in life , but in death it seemed that all of the color had drained from his body , and into his orange freckles and hair , making them stand out far more vividly than they had before . 
 though the rest of his features were perfect , sculpted even , the shock of orange color around his head completely distracted from that fact . 
 `` when will it begin ? '' 
 julian inquired softly . 
 matthew shrugged his slender shoulders , unfolding his hands as he spread them wide . 
 `` your guess is as good as mine ; you know my visions do not reveal everything . 
 just as i do not know who will win , or what her change will bring . 
 there are some things the world keeps me in the dark about . 
 these are a few of those things . 
 though perhaps , if i was allowed to touch the girl ... '' `` absolutely not ! '' 
 devon interrupted sharply , knowing how deviant matthew was . 
 he would take too much pleasure in being allowed to touch cassie , and devon would be damned if he let any of them get close enough to touch her . 
 `` well then , '' matthew continued in his melodic , soothing voice . 
 `` we will have to remain in the dark about those things , unless the young seer has anything to tell us . '' 
 melissa shook her head in response to the inquisitive looks cast her way . 
 `` it is best to have some surprises in ones future anyway , makes life all that more exciting . '' 
 the last time devon had seen matthew , he had been fairly certain that the man was losing his mind . 
 but now , listening to the cadences and nuances within his tone , devon was certain of it . 
 he did not know what had finally driven matthew over the edge , whether it was his numerous visions , and his knowledge of things that were not supposed to be known ; or his unending cruelty , and maliciousness , that had finally done it . 
 whatever had caused it , it now appeared that matthew had more than just a few screws lose , but a few hundred of them , and was probably more twisted and cruel than he had ever been . 
 `` but the battle will come to us during the night , not during the day , '' matthew continued . 
 julian shook his head . 
 `` i guess they are n't as smart as we were giving them credit for . '' 
 `` and why do you say that ? '' 
 matthew inquired softly , his light brown eyes inquisitive and merry . 
 julian studied him for a moment , seemingly unable to figure out the strange creature across from him . 
 `` because they would know to attack during the day , when we are far more vulnerable . '' 
 `` perhaps they are too ; perhaps though they can walk about in the day , they prefer the darkness of the night to hide the evil inside them . 
 perhaps they feel it best not to expose themselves to the good of the sun 's rays ; they feel they are undeserving of it . 
 that is the way it was always intended . 
 then the abnormalities rose up amongst us to taint this earth with their presence during the light . 
 in return for immortal life , we are denied the pleasure and warmth of the sun 's rays , it is the way things are supposed to be . 
 the way they have been for millennia . '' 
 devon lifted an eyebrow as he studied matthew in surprise . 
 yep , the guy had finally flipped his nut , and apparently he was not as enamored with zane as he had once been . 
 now it seemed as if zane was an abnormality tainting the earth , as was devon . 
 julian cast devon a surprised sideways glance , his eyes wide and questioning . 
 `` if our kind were meant to walk amongst the light , then we would not burn upon entering it . 
 their kind , even the ones that roam the day , may still feel the pain of redemption upon their skin . 
 as they should . 
 for us to not feel the sting of the warmth is a disgrace , an affront ... '' `` enough matthew ! '' 
 zane hissed . 
 though matthew grew silent , it was more than apparent that he had more to say , more things to prattle off . 
 julian circled his finger beside his temple , making the crazy gesture as he mouthed the word cuckoo . 
 devon nodded his agreement . 
 they both received dark looks from zane , but matthew seemed oblivious to them as he refolded his hands piously before him . 
 `` we 'll see you at nightfall then , '' elspet said softly . 
 devon 's eyes were drawn to the slender girl , who stood behind the other elder 's . 
 she was the youngest amongst them at barely over five hundred years old . 
 devon had met her a few times many years ago , after she had first been changed . 
 it was n't until recently , when she had reached the prime age of five hundred , that she had been drawn into the ranks of the elder 's . 
 when devon had known her , she had been a pretty girl with delicate features and fine light brown hair that flowed down to her shoulder blades . 
 she had worn simple dresses and stayed mostly in the background . 
 she had not displayed overt acts of cruelty , but had simply fed when the time and need struck her . 
 at the time he had never thought that she would make it this long , that her lack of cruelty would eventually get her killed . 
 he had never imagined that she would be an elder , let alone fit in with the elite group that she was now a part of . 
 the girl before him now was nothing like the girl he had known . 
 she had shaved her head , and on one side she had a beautiful angel tattooed on her skull , on the other side was a vicious snarling devil with blood dripping from its mouth , and its claws curved over . 
 her lip , eyebrow , and nose had been pierced . 
 she sported metal all the way up both sides of her ears . 
 she was dressed in body hugging black that clung to her lithe figure . 
 though he could not see the tattoos on her arms , he could see the tail ends of them curling around her hands and wrists . 
 her hazel eyes were narrowed sharply as she met devon 's questioning , slightly stunned gaze . 
 apparently becoming an elder had greatly changed the quiet girl he had known . 
 devon held her gaze as he nodded briskly . 
 he just wanted them out of this store , and as far from cassie as possible , for now . 
 they said nothing more as they filed slowly out of the store . 
 he was slightly amazed they were actually leaving . 
 he was even more amazed , and stunned , by the fact that they were hiding matthew amongst them when he had obviously lost his mind . 
 though devon had never met an off the rocker vampire , he could n't imagine that they would be much fun to deal with , or keep under control . 
 `` does matthew think he 's a freaking preacher or something now ? '' 
 julian demanded when they had disappeared into the night . 
 devon shook his head , running his fingers wearily through his hair . 
 `` he thinks he 's something now , '' devon murmured . 
 `` they only keep him alive for his visions , '' julian said softly . 
 at devon 's questioning look he elaborated . 
 `` i saw it through adon , matthew has been crazy for awhile now , but zane needs him . '' 
 `` what made him that way ? '' 
 melissa was trembling , pale , her hands folded tightly before her as she rang them nervously . 
 her fear that it may have been his visions that had driven him mad was more than obvious . 
 julian shrugged as he shoved his hands in his pockets . 
 `` some people are just not cut out for this lifestyle , no matter what . 
 matthew was always softer than the rest of us . 
 you mix that with zane 's constant torture and mental abuse , and apparently it made him snap . 
 matthew was zane 's puppet , his play thing , and he has broken him . 
 but he still likes to pull his strings once in awhile . '' 
 they all gaped at him , horrified by his description of what zane had done to matthew . 
 `` it is not the worst thing zane has ever done , '' julian murmured , unable to meet their gazes any longer . 
 devon bristled , wishing that julian would stop talking . 
 they got the hint ; they did n't need to hear anymore . 
 `` can we really trust them ? '' 
 luther inquired softly . 
 julian nodded as he folded his arms over his chest . 
 `` yes . 
 they will abide by this truce because it suits their needs . 
 i can not guarantee they will stick to it if cassie does n't survive the change , and we lose devon . 
 they will have no need for you then . 
 though , i can not guarantee that any of us will survive if such a thing happens . '' 
 devon ignored their curious stares , determined not to think about that right now . 
 he held his hand out to cassie , breathing a sigh of relief when she clasped hold of it . 
 she would never hold a grudge against him ; never hate him for his past . 
 it was impossible for her to . 
 and for that he would be forever thankful . 
 her hand in his was warm , soft , reassuring as she squeezed him tight . 
 he bent to kiss her softly , his lips brushing lightly across her forehead . 
 chapter 17 cassie sat silently as she watched devon make the bed , he moved with startling speed and agility . 
 his grace was unparalleled , his good looks unmatched . 
 robert had been wrong when he had said he was the better looking brother , he had been very wrong . 
 devon fluffed up the sleeping bags , before unrolling them on the floor . 
 cassie realized that he was stalling as he set everything up , biding for time before facing her . 
 she sighed softly , her impatience getting the better of her . 
 there were a million questions that she wanted to ask , the foremost of which was about his brother , but right now all she really wanted was devon . 
 she knew there were things he wanted to keep her sheltered from , things he never wanted her to know , and she understood that . 
 but unfortunately , some of those things had walked into their lives again today , and thrown them even more upside down . 
 however , for now , the time for questions could wait . 
 he finished fluffing the blankets/pillows . 
 she could tell he was looking for something else to do , some other way to stall , but unless he planned on fluffing the down right out of the blankets there was nothing left for him to do . 
 his shoulders were stiff as he turned toward her , his body braced for the onslaught he suspected was coming . 
 his beautiful emerald eyes were wary as they hesitatingly met hers . 
 cassie sighed softly . 
 `` are you ok now ? '' 
 she inquired . 
 his dark eyebrows drew tightly together . 
 `` can you stay around me ? '' 
 guilt and anguish surrounded him as his gaze darted away . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` it 's ok devon , i understand more than you think i do , but i need to know . '' 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 cassie braced herself for rejection as she readied to hand herself over to him completely . 
 `` because i want to spend the night with you , and i mean really spend the night with you . '' 
 she fought back the red wash of embarrassment that crept up her cheeks , heating her skin . 
 she did n't want to seem childish and insecure right now , she wanted to sound confident and determined , but she could n't stop the flush in her face . 
 unfortunately her body did not want to react the way that her mind wanted it to . 
 his gaze snapped back to her , wide with surprise and wonder . 
 she could feel the desire , the need that washed over him , but she could also feel his hesitance , his reluctance . 
 `` cassie there is nothing more that i would want , but not here , not now ... '' `` then when ? '' 
 she interrupted softly . 
 `` when this is over ... '' `` we may not survive this . '' 
 he recoiled from her words , his eyes narrowed fiercely . 
 `` i will not allow anything to happen to you . '' 
 cassie sighed softly as she squeezed her hands tight in her lap . 
 `` i know that you will try devon , but there are some things you ca n't control . 
 there are some things that you can not stop . 
 no one knows what will happen to me when this change occurs ; no one truly knows what the outcome of this battle will be . 
 all we know is that we have this moment right now . 
 we have this , and i want to know , no i need to know what it is like to be with you . 
 i need this night . '' 
 devon shook his head , but she could feel his wavering , his desire to crumble to her wishes . 
 he glanced around the dusty , cobweb filled attic . 
 shaking his head he turned back to her . 
 `` you deserve better than this , you deserve so much more than this . '' 
 his arm swept around the room . 
 `` it 's better than the backseat of a car , '' she replied , trying to sound light but knowing that she failed miserably when his eyes narrowed upon her . 
 cassie sighed softly as she rose to her feet , her hands hurt from clenching them so tightly together . 
 `` it does n't matter where devon , as long as it is with you . '' 
 his eyes flared hotly , burning into her with an intensity that left her shaken . 
 `` this may be our only night , '' she continued , pushing at his weakening defenses . 
 `` i do n't want to pass it up because you feel that this is not good enough . '' 
 `` i may hurt you . '' 
 `` you wo n't . '' 
 for a moment red fire filled his eyes . 
 though it startled her , she did not move , did not react . 
 if she did she knew he would shut her down completely . 
 `` how can you possibly know that ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` after yesterday , after what i wanted to do to you , what i still want to do to you , how could you possibly know that i wo n't hurt you ? '' 
 cassie swallowed heavily . 
 `` because you love me , '' she whispered . 
 `` you left so that you would n't hurt me ; you cared nothing for your own safety when you left , only mine . '' 
 `` i left you unprotected , '' he snarled . 
 `` you left me in a building full of fighters , strong ones too . 
 i hardly feel that is unprotected . 
 you were the one who was out there alone , exposed and vulnerable . 
 you are too hard on yourself devon . 
 you are a good man . '' 
 `` you have no idea what kind of a man i am , or was . 
 no idea what goes through my mind when it comes to you . '' 
 though she knew he was trying to push her away , she did not back down . 
 `` i know you devon . 
 i may not know everything about your past , but i do n't need to know it all . 
 there are things i may never know about you , and i accept that because i love you ! 
 i know who you are . 
 i know what you want and need from me far more than you think i do , because i want the same things from you . '' 
 he stared at her for a long moment , his eyes hooded like a snakes . 
 beneath his lowered lids they shone as bright as rubies in the dim light of the room . 
 and then he was on top of her , moving so fast that she only caught a whisper of movement before he seized her . 
 his hand wrapped around her neck as he pulled her head to the side . 
 cassie gasped in surprise , her heart leapt wildly as his finger trailed lightly over her frantic pulse . 
 she could sense the wildness in him , the instability , but she did n't move . 
 she knew if she did that he would withdraw from her . 
 he would leave her within this room , alone and lost if she reacted in any way . 
 she did n't care what he did to her , or what he needed from her now , because she would give him anything he wanted . 
 no matter what it was . 
 she had wanted to wait to make the change , knew that to do so would be for the best , but if he lost control and it happened now then she would not regret it , and she would not fight it . 
 `` right here , '' his voice was soft , hoarse and grating as his finger stilled upon her vein . 
 she could feel his struggle for restraint battling against his ever present , driving hunger . 
 she remained frozen , her eyes half closed as she fought against the fear and excitement tearing through her . 
 she knew that he was unstable right now , but she also knew that he would not hurt her , no matter what he feared . 
 his touch was thrilling , enchanting . 
 her heart danced , her body quaked with the urge to touch him , but if she moved now he would withdraw from her . 
 `` right here is the pulse of your life , and i want it . '' 
 cassie 's eyes closed , she had to fight back the tremble that worked its way through her . 
 it was not a tremble of fear , not anymore . 
 her heart did not leap in terror , but in anticipation of what was to come . 
 his hand wrapped around the back of her neck , brushing her hair aside as he pulled her closer . 
 he bent over her , his lips pressed to her throat , his fangs skimmed over her neck , pressing briefly against her throbbing artery . 
 she could n't stop the soft gasp of pleasure that escaped her . 
 she waited breathlessly for him to bite down , for him to take what he needed from her . 
 and then , to her surprise , he kissed her softly . 
 his lips pressed gently against her vein , his fangs receded as he touched lightly upon her . 
 cassie 's head spun , her legs quivered as his arms wrapped around her , pulling her tight against him . 
 `` you foolish foolish girl , '' he breathed in her ear . 
 her trembling increased , tears burned her eyes as she melted against him , her arms wrapping around his waist . 
 maybe she was foolish , but she did n't believe so . 
 no matter what he thought she had absolute faith in him , absolute belief that he would never hurt her . 
 that the man in him would always win out over the demon when it came to her . 
 his mouth moved slowly over her neck , placing gentle kisses along her skin that left her completely weak . 
 her legs gave out when his tongue swirled over her ear . 
 he held her up as her heart leapt as wildly as a bird trapped in a cage . 
 `` cassandra , '' he whispered . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` i 've never been so sure of anything in my life , '' she managed to get out through the constriction in her throat and chest . 
 he lifted her effortlessly , his hands skimming under the baggy flannel she wore . 
 his touch upon her bare flesh was almost her undoing . 
 she clung to him , shaking , unable to move as he carried her to the makeshift bed he had created . 
 laying her gently down , he followed her , his mouth seizing upon hers . 
 though cassie had expected his kiss to be desperate , frantic , it was surprisingly gentle and achingly loving . 
 her whole body reacted to it . 
 her fingers entwined in his hair , holding him close as he slowly pulled her shirt from her . 
 cassie 's mind swam with pleasure ; she forgot everything and everyone else as her entire world became focused upon him , and the joy that he brought to her . 
 the beautiful new sensations he arose in her , sensations that might have been frightening if they had been with anyone other than him . 
 however , with him , there was no fear . 
 there was only joy and a sense of wonder that she had never thought to experience . 
 all of her fears and doubts from the past , all of the things that had held her back from this moment completely faded away . 
 she never thought of the women of his past , never wondered if he would compare her to them and find her lacking in the end . 
 for she knew now , that he would never find her lacking , never want or desire anything more than her . 
 when they finally joined together , she knew true bliss . 
 she knew what it was to belong and fit . 
 she knew nothing of pain and misery and fear as she clung to him , riding out the storm of their love . 
 she did n't know she was crying from the complete bliss that he brought her until he kissed away her tears , whispering words of love as he touched her reverently over and over again . 
 and later , when she offered him her vein , and he fed from her , she knew that she had been right . 
 he never thought about other women with her , and he could never find her lacking . 
 for him , when he had met her , it was as if every other woman had ceased to exist . 
 it was not that he did not think about them , it was that they had simply faded from his mind . 
 they were a part of his past that he did n't think about , and did n't want to . 
 he did n't compare her to them because he could not recall them . 
 for though she had lacked experience she had brought him more joy and pleasure than he had ever known , or ever thought to experience in his very long life . 
 cassie drifted asleep , blissfully content within the strong embrace of his arms . 
 *** devon padded silently down the stairs , trying to be as silent as possible so as not to waken anyone , especially not cassie . 
 after what they had just exchanged , he did n't want her to awaken alone . 
 though he knew that she no longer felt vulnerable , he did n't want her to wake up and find him gone , but there was something that he needed to take care of right now . 
 he moved swiftly through the empty front of the store . 
 everyone had retired to the back for what little remained of the night . 
 joey and patrick had been placed in the back room , untied from their chairs , but retied to some of the wooden beams . 
 the store was silent as the first rays of sunlight broke over the horizon . 
 he reached the open cellar door and moved swiftly down the stairs . 
 julian was standing by one of the windows . 
 the sun was not bright enough for him to move away from the glass yet , but it would be soon . 
 devon knew that he had retreated here hours ago ; before cassie had offered devon the greatest gift he had ever received . 
 he was still thrilled and awed by the gift she had given him , by her openness and willingness to trust him , especially when he did n't even trust himself . 
 she had far more faith in him then he deserved , far more love and understanding than he had ever thought to receive , and he was humbled by it . 
 there was nothing he would not do for her ; there was nothing that he would not give her . 
 he hated to part from her for even this short bit of time , but he needed to speak with julian , and now would be the only time that he would get julian alone . 
 julian turned toward him , the faint light filtering through the windows lighting his ice eyes , warming them to an almost soft ocean hue . 
 julian 's face was blank but there was a flicker in his eyes as he scanned devon quickly . 
 `` is she ok ? '' 
 he demanded , his voice oddly hoarse . 
 devon nodded , his hand tightening on the thin railing of the stairs . 
 though devon had known that julian would have knowledge of what had passed between them , he still did not like the fact . 
 what had passed between them had been so wonderful and precious that he did n't want to share it with anyone , but there was no keeping it from julian . 
 not only would julian smell it upon him and cassie , but a simple touch would reveal all to him . 
 that was why julian had retreated immediately down here when devon had taken cassie upstairs . 
 `` you knew what she intended . '' 
 julian nodded , his eyes flickered briefly again . 
 `` i saw it when i touched her , yes . '' 
 `` why did n't you warn me ? 
 why did n't you stop her ? '' 
 julian tilted his head , his eyebrows drew questioningly together . 
 `` why would i do that ? '' 
 devon started in surprise , his hand tightened upon the rail . 
 `` because you knew that there was a chance i could hurt her , knew there was a chance i could lose control . '' 
 `` was there ? '' 
 `` julian , '' devon growled , not in the mood to deal with his friend 's cavalier attitude . 
 julian sighed as he moved away from the window , the rays becoming too much for him to stand . 
 `` yes , i admit that i worried for her safety , but she did n't . 
 the amount of faith and trust she puts into you is staggering , and i was not going to stand in the way of that . '' 
 `` you know what we have done to other human women , '' devon whispered , hating the words that came out . 
 he did not want to think of those dark times , and atrocious acts while the glow of what had just happened still surrounded him , but he needed to hear what julian had to say . 
 `` i may not wish to remember , not anymore , but yes i know . 
 however , this was something that she needed to do devon . 
 something that she wanted so badly that i could n't bring myself to deny her it ; could not stand in her way . 
 and i believe that she is right . 
 you both needed this night , she deserved this night . 
 her love for you , your love for each other ... '' julian broke off shaking his head as his gaze darted away . 
 devon could sense the emotion welling up within him , the hurt , and yet the joy and awe that suffused him . 
 `` it is staggering devon . 
 believe me , if i thought there was any chance that you would hurt her , i would have warned you . 
 i would have stopped it . 
 but i knew that you would n't . 
 the demon inside us is strong , but no matter how close you get to snapping , it is always her that you put first . 
 her that you protect . 
 i knew what she intended , and i also knew that if you could not handle it you would walk away . 
 you may not have faith in yourself , but she does , and i do too . '' 
 devon remained silent , stunned by julian 's confession , stunned by julian 's absolute belief in him , which devon now realized was just as much as cassie 's . 
 `` julian ... '' his voice trailed off as julian turned toward the growing daylight . 
 his shoulders were slumped slightly , a weary air surrounded him . 
 `` you really do love her , do n't you ? '' 
 julian turned back to him . 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 `` then how , why ... ? '' 
 julian shrugged as he ran a hand through his disordered hair . 
 `` you know when you first met annabelle i understood your obsession for her , understood that you loved her because i had been there once before too . 
 i got it , i really did . 
 i even sort of understood the fact that you stopped feeding from humans because of her . 
 i never understood how you could just hand her over to liam like you did . 
 i thought you were crazy , weak , a complete and utter fool . 
 `` but i understand it now . 
 you loved annabelle enough to let her go . 
 you loved her enough to realize that you did n't love her enough . 
 that you did not love her the same way that she loved liam and that he loved her . 
 i love cassie enough to realize the same . 
 i love her enough to know that what i feel for her is a pale comparison to what you feel for each other . 
 i would die for her , but i would not die without her . 
 i do want her happiness more than i want my own though . 
 and you are her happiness . '' 
 devon was silent , staggered by julian 's admission , rattled by the keen insight his friend had developed . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` i guess i 'm the crazy , weak , fool now . '' 
 `` no , you 're simply more of a man than a monster once again . '' 
 julian tilted his head , his eyes sparked with amusement . 
 `` is that what this feeling is ? 
 humanity ? '' 
 devon laughed softly ; he slid down to sit on the stairs . 
 `` it 's a bitch , '' he muttered . 
 `` that it is , '' julian agreed . 
 he moved over to sit upon one of the crates stacked within the basement . 
 `` we ca n't trust them you know . 
 i may not have seen any plan for betrayal in them , but we can not trust them . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` especially not robert . '' 
 devon 's hands clenched tight , anger spurted through him . 
 julian 's gaze was hard , his hatred toward robert apparent in the tight set of his shoulders . 
 `` no matter what the others believe , or want , he will try to kill her . '' 
 `` yes , '' julian agreed . 
 `` i 'll kill him first . '' 
 julian was silent for a moment , his head tilted to the side , his eyes distant and thoughtful . 
 `` no devon , if he goes for her , i will take him out . 
 i owe him for the last time that we met , but this time i will be prepared for the battle , and not taken by surprise . '' 
 `` julian ... '' `` you can not kill your own brother devon , you were never able to . 
 even back then you were unable to destroy him , though you knew that he would kill you in a heartbeat . '' 
 `` if he goes for her ... '' `` i will take care of him . 
 i owe it to him . '' 
 devon thought over julian 's words before nodding slowly . 
 julian was right , robert did hate devon , and robert would kill him if given the opportunity , but devon had never been able to kill his brother . 
 until now . 
 but julian , well julian would take great pleasure in destroying robert , in paying him back for the ambush he had executed on julian all those years ago . 
 `` brother , '' devon said on a snort of disgust . 
 even when growing up they had never been anything even close to brotherly , but once robert had been changed he had grown to hate devon even more . 
 devon had never understood his brother 's hatred of him . 
 robert had always been the favored son , the one that had stood in the spotlight while devon slunk through the shadows , hoping to go unnoticed at home . 
 `` he must be kept away from her . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 folding his long legs before him , julian leaned slightly forward . 
 `` are you going to do what they want ? '' 
 devon 's head slumped , his hands folded tightly before him . 
 `` i do n't want to condemn her to this life , '' he whispered . 
 `` it 's what she wants . '' 
 `` i know that , but the consequences ... '' `` are something that can be dealt with after . 
 you know that this has to be done devon , if you fight it they may very well kill us all . '' 
 `` what if things go wrong ? '' 
 julian sighed softly as he folded his arms across his chest . 
 `` we all know that is a possibility , but this is something that has to happen devon . 
 whether they make it happen , or you do it willingly . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 they sat silently together listening to the odd silence of the deadened town , interrupted only by the small snores or shifting from the sleeping people upstairs . 
 devon rose slowly ; he wanted to get back to cassie before she woke . 
 he wanted to get back to her in order to hold her and find the solace that only she could bring to his wounded soul . 
 julian watched him ; his eyes oddly alight in the warm glow of the sun . 
 `` you will find your cassie one day , '' devon said softly . 
 julian 's mouth quirked , his eyes sparked with amusement . 
 he shrugged as he rose to his feet again . 
 `` maybe , but i 'm not going to start looking for her anytime soon . '' 
 devon nodded . 
 `` i did n't either , but one day she 'll be there . '' 
 julian looked as if he was going to argue , but he remained silent . 
 `` you really have changed . '' 
 `` so have you . 
 i actually like you again . '' 
 devon grinned at him , chuckling softly . 
 `` same here , but if you kiss her again i 'll rip your throat out . '' 
 julian laughed loudly as he shifted on the crates . 
 his grin was wild and cocky as he tilted his head . 
 `` it was a moment of celebration only . '' 
 devon was n't as amused as julian about it , but he did n't blame julian , cassie was irresistible and julian was in love with her . 
 he also knew that , to julian , the kiss had been a way of expressing his love and saying goodbye to her . 
 to cassie , it had simply been something sweet and celebratory . 
 it had also been a way of sorting her feelings out , of knowing where she belonged . 
 and that was with him . 
 `` she told you about it ? '' 
 devon shook his head , leaning slightly against the thin rail . 
 `` i saw it . '' 
 julian 's eyebrows furrowed , he bit lightly on his bottom lip . 
 `` during the blood exchange ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 julian glanced away , his eyes troubled and distant . 
 `` i 've never opened myself up to another person . '' 
 `` neither had i. '' julian 's electric eyes were back on him , a small smile curved his hard mouth . 
 `` no , you had n't . '' 
 `` i need to get back up there . '' 
 julian nodded , but did n't look back at him . 
 devon padded silently up the stairs , leaving his friend within the growing light of the morning . 
 leaving his friend to his pain , while he returned to his greatest joy . 
 guilt tugged briefly at him , but he forgot about it as his eyes landed upon cassandra , curled tightly within the blankets , her golden hair spread around her , her tiny hands folded beneath her cheek . 
 she was so wonderfully beautiful , so wonderfully sweet and loving and caring . 
 she was so wonderfully his , and always would be . 
 chapter 18 cassie woke slowly ; blinking against the soft light that filtered around the old blanket that devon had hung over the window . 
 the attic was mostly in shadow , but there was a small amount of light playing over the boxes that had been stored there . 
 devon 's arm was wrapped tightly around her , his bare chest pressed to her back . 
 a thrill of excitement and wonder shot through her as the sweet , joyous memories of the night suffused her . 
 she had n't known that anything could be so amazing , and she greatly wished that they could just stay here , in this room , for the rest of their lives . 
 but , unfortunately , their lives would allow no such thing to happen . 
 his hand moved upon her , gently caressing her arm . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 suddenly she felt shy , they had shared something so intimate and special last night , but now she was n't quite sure how she was supposed to act , or react . 
 her voice caught in her throat , she could not get her words out . 
 he touched her arm , rolling her gently over as he brushed the hair back from her face . 
 his emerald eyes were bright with worry as they searched her face . 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 cassie shook her head , forgetting her shyness in the face of his obvious distress . 
 `` no , no of course not . '' 
 `` i tried not to cause you too much pain , but i know i lost some control . 
 i 'm sorry cassie ... '' he broke off when she rested her hand against his cheek . 
 `` i 'm fine devon , really , '' she assured him . 
 `` it only hurt for a moment , and then it was over . '' 
 his eyebrows drew tightly together as he frowned at her ; his eyes scanned her rapidly once more . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 she nodded , offering him a small smile as she kissed him softly . 
 `` positive . '' 
 his fingers stroked over her face , gently caressing her cheeks as he kissed her nose . 
 `` it was wonderful devon , '' she whispered , barely able to hear her own words over the increased beat of her heart . 
 he smiled softly as he kissed her again . 
 `` it was more than wonderful . '' 
 `` yes , '' she breathed , losing herself to him as his delicious kisses deepened , drawing her away from the room , and all of the many problems that existed outside of it . 
 in here , with him , there were no problems ; there were no worries or fears . 
 there was only love and utter contentment and bliss as she lost herself to his body and the wonderful way that only he could make her feel . 
 it was awhile later before she roused again . 
 the light in the room was fuller , and it appeared to be mid morning . 
 below her , she could hear people moving about ; soft whispers of conversations were exchanged . 
 her hand and head rested upon devon 's chest , his arm was wrapped securely around her . 
 though he did not make a sound , she knew that he was awake without having to look at him . 
 she was completely in sync with everything that he was . 
 `` we should go down , '' she whispered . 
 devon 's hand stroked over her back , running up to her shoulders before entangling gently in her hair . 
 she lifted her head to look at him , propping her chin on her hands as she studied him . 
 he was magnificent , amazing , and completely hers . 
 she did not feel shy now , she felt loved , and so unbelievably secure in this small room . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 she frowned at him as he brushed back her hair ; his fingers lingered upon the two sets of marks on her neck . 
 marks that he had left upon her . 
 a thrill shot down her spine ; she could not stop her toes from curling against his hard legs . 
 his eyes sparked with amusement and desire , a smile curved the edges of his hard , full mouth . 
 he touched her lips gently with his fingers , running them briefly along before reluctantly withdrawing from her . 
 she watched in confusion , her eyebrows drawing tightly together as he bit into his wrist . 
 `` you need blood , and strength . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she assured him . 
 though she desperately wanted to share that experience with him again , she did n't want him to think that he had hurt her . 
 `` i took a lot from you cassie , and there are shadows under your eyes . 
 you need my blood . '' 
 cassie was silent for a moment , her eyes latched onto the glistening drops of blood upon his wrist . 
 for a strange moment , hunger tore through her . 
 the sight of that blood did not repulse her as it should . 
 instead , it excited and enticed her in a way that it never had before . 
 instead , she suddenly wanted it for more than just a stronger bond with devon , but because she required it , craved it like a man in the desert craved water . 
 confusion and surprise whirled through devon 's eyes , but before he could question her , she grasped his arm and bent her mouth to him . 
 she knew that once the bond was sealed , all doubts and questions would fade away as their minds mingled together . 
 his hand wrapped around the back of her head as he held her tight , his fingers weaving into her hair . 
 cassie closed her eyes , a soft moan of ecstasy escaping before she could stop it . 
 his blood was delicious , wonderful , filling in a way that it never had before . 
 she could feel his confusion and fear over her reaction to it , but he did not pull away . 
 instead he held her tighter , whispering reassuring words to her as her own panic and fear began to build . 
 this was n't normal , it just was n't , but at the moment she could n't bring herself to care . 
 she fell into him , allowing his thoughts and love to entwine her in a warm cocoon of security and adoration . 
 his mind opened to hers , she had experienced a similar sensation the last time they had exchanged blood , but this was far different as she was sucked into him . 
 for a moment panic filled her , she tried to revolt , tried to pull away before she was ensnared completely in the whirlwind of his mind . 
 `` it 's ok , '' devon whispered . 
 `` it 's ok , do n't fight it . 
 you need to see . '' 
 cassie did n't know what it was that she needed to see , but as he held her tighter , pulled her closer , she knew that this was something that he wanted from her . 
 pushing her fear and panic aside , cassie allowed herself to float , to drift and mingle with his mind more intensely than she ever had before . 
 and then suddenly she was there , where he wanted her to be , in his life , feeling what he wanted her to feel , living what he wanted her to live . 
 she was there , with him , as a young child with black hair , and wide green eyes . 
 he was skinny and gangly and awkward , but amazingly adorable with his dimples and two missing teeth . 
 he was so full of hope and mischief and exuberance . 
 until his father 's drinking started to get out of control , and his father 's anger was turned on him . 
 until his mother was beaten while trying to protect her youngest son , and his brother turned his back on devon 's frightened cries . 
 until all of his hope and mischief were destroyed beneath his father 's heavy fist and only anger , resentment , and hatred were left to fester within him . 
 when devon escaped the cruelty , and coldness of his home , he never wanted to look back , never wanted to step foot on the property again . 
 he was eager to be free , eager to explore the world , and live the life of drudgery that he swiftly adopted instead of going to the university . 
 and when elizabeth found him , and changed him , he had never been happier , never wanted anything more . 
 the misery and anger inside him helped to feed the thirst and cruelty of the demon he became . 
 he now had an outlet for all of the rage and hurt that had festered inside of him , now had a way to bury his misery in the joy and thrill of the hunt , and then the kill . 
 though he had vowed never to return home , and though he thoroughly enjoyed his new life and all of the power and excitement that it gave him , he found himself inexplicably drawn back to his family 's massive country manor a few years later . 
 his father 's mind was rotten from his many years of heavy drinking . 
 his brother however was young , healthy , and thoroughly enjoying his new life , and the power that came with being lord of the manor . 
 devon watched him from the shadows of the early night as robert moved about ordering this servant here , and that one there . 
 though devon knew how alike they looked , he was keenly reminded of the fact that their personalities had always been complete opposites . 
 before he had become the monster he was now , devon had never enjoyed ordering people about , he had asked for things when he needed help , or he had done it himself . 
 in the eyes of his father , and his brother , he had never been anything more than a servant amongst these walls anyway . 
 never been anything more than the unneeded and unwanted offspring and they had reminded him of that fact on a daily basis . 
 he did n't know what had drawn him back here after all these years , did n't know why he had returned to this hated place , but he found himself oddly fascinated by it . 
 captivated by the life that he had rejected , and that had rejected him . 
 he had been unable to get inside to see his father as he was not invited , but he had found himself peering in the windows at the man that had once terrified and brutalized him . 
 he was now weak and feeble . 
 found himself staring at the man that had beaten him to within an inch of life more than a few times , but whom devon could now kill with a flick of his wrist . 
 and yet he felt no desire to do so . 
 his father had ruined his childhood but now , in his old age , he was paying for his excessive alcoholism and brutality . 
 devon had never put much stock in god , but he felt the cosmic hand of fate at work here , and he was satisfied with it . 
 devon withdrew from the window , moving swiftly through the night to the front of the manor . 
 the windows were lit with candles ; inside he could hear the soft music of a violin . 
 his brother was having a small gathering , coaches and horses were gathered up front . 
 liveried footmen stood silently by them . 
 though he was hungry , he would not hunt or feed here . 
 this was the last time he would ever come here , and he would leave it the way he had found it . 
 he would not sink to his father or robert 's level with spiteful acts of vengeance , they were not worth it . 
 he slipped through the gardens , so lost in his own thoughts that he did n't notice the couple stealing time amongst the shadows until he was on top of them . 
 the women gasped in surprise , jerking away from the embrace of her lover . 
 her eyes widened upon him , her mouth dropping as she gaped at him . 
 `` devon ! '' 
 devon nodded to her . 
 `` jane . '' 
 he turned slowly , his eyes scanning over his brother . 
 robert had always been bigger than him , thicker through the shoulders , and broader in the chest . 
 but either because of what devon had become , or just the normal process of adulthood and genetics , devon was now slightly taller than robert , and broader in the back and shoulders . 
 robert looked anything but happy to see devon as he studied him with open disdain , and his arms folded firmly over his chest . 
 `` devon , is that really you ? '' 
 jane whispered . 
 her hand was over her mouth now , her eyes wide as she scanned him rapidly . 
 her surprise turned swiftly to keen interest and desire . 
 jane , the neighbor 's daughter and devon had once had a fling , but apparently she had moved onto his brother when devon had left . 
 `` we had thought you dead , '' robert said softly . 
 devon 's mouth curved into a harsh smile . 
 `` not even death could keep me down , '' he told him , trying hard not to laugh at the confused look on robert and jane 's faces . 
 robert shook his head , his eyes narrowing . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 devon shrugged , holding his hands out before him . 
 `` i just wished to see my loving family once more . '' 
 jane glanced at robert , her eyes widened with fear as her survival instincts finally surged up to bury her shock over seeing devon again . 
 her head turned swiftly back and forth between them as she sensed the hostility and growing animosity there . 
 `` will you be staying ? '' 
 robert inquired , ever the gentleman . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` will you see father ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 robert frowned in confusion . 
 he expected devon to be here for something , money , vengeance , shelter , anything . 
 but the fact that devon was here for nothing was one that robert could not grasp , robert was all about greed and self satisfaction . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 jane asked softly . 
 devon shrugged as he slid his hands into his pockets , his mouth curved in a cruel smile . 
 `` to hell and back , but i greatly enjoyed the trip . '' 
 jane 's eyes widened even more ; she took a step back from him . 
 robert 's eyes were narrowed , questioning . 
 he did n't understand this man before him , did n't know where this new devon had come from , or what had helped to create him , but there was a power surrounding him that robert greatly wanted , admired , and envied . 
 `` i must be going now , '' devon told them , offering his brother a sly smile as he tilted his head to the side . 
 `` will we see you again ? '' 
 jane asked eagerly . 
 devon shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 i will not be returning here . 
 i wish you both a good life . '' 
 `` wait ! 
 devon wait ! '' 
 he turned slightly back at jane 's hurried cry . 
 `` where will you be going ? '' 
 devon could n't stop the large grin that flashed over his face . 
 `` that 's the beauty of it . 
 i 'll go wherever the world , and time , can take me . '' 
 they both looked completely confused , but he expected them to be . 
 unlike him , they did n't have eternity to travel the world , to experience the wonder of life , and especially the wonder of death . 
 devon slipped swiftly away , unaware of the fact that elizabeth had followed him to the manor , that she had spied upon him , and been witness to the dislike amongst the brothers . 
 he did n't know that she would approach robert that night , and as vengeance for devon leaving her , she would also change robert and set him lose upon the world . 
 set him lose upon devon . 
 cassie clung tighter to him as his fingers twined through her hair . 
 his memories poured rapidly into her , it was as if he was trying to purge himself of everything as rapidly as he could . 
 trying to purge himself of all the horror , fear , and hatred that had plagued his young life , and his later years . 
 after his change , robert had slaughtered all of the servants at the manor , and their father . 
 he had then burnt the home to the ground , effectively severing all of his ties with a life that had been kind to him , but that he had despised all the same . 
 devon had not known of robert 's change , or the slaughter , until fifty years later when they had run across each other again in venice . 
 though devon had been beyond stunned to see his brother alive , and untouched by age , robert had been prepared for the meeting , looking forward to it . 
 he had in fact been searching for devon for a very long time . 
 robert had been the obviously favored child of their father , the only one that mattered , and he had also inherited his father 's vicious streak and ingrained hatred for devon . 
 even at his cruelest , devon did not have the depth of hatred , rage , and psychosis inside of him that robert possessed , and always would . 
 robert may not have been beaten throughout his childhood , but he had longed to be the one doing the beating . 
 when he had come across devon though , robert had expected to come across the weaker brother that devon had once been . 
 he had expected to find the beaten and broken adolescent that had fled their family estate the first chance he 'd gotten . 
 robert had expected to come across a man that he could torture and manipulate and brutalize to his endless pleasure , before finally destroying him . 
 he had been sadly mistaken . 
 though devon only had eight years on robert as a vampire , he was inherently stronger , faster , and far more cruel and vicious than robert had ever fathomed . 
 robert had tracked devon down in order to abuse him ; he had not expected to be the one getting beaten . 
 he had not expected to find his weak younger brother far stronger than he was . 
 and his hated for devon grew even more after the encounter . 
 he hated devon for possessing a strength and confidence that robert would never know . 
 and when julian entered the picture , robert became even more infuriated and volatile . 
 there had been no stopping julian and devon together , there was no way that robert could get to devon . 
 no way to destroy his younger brother like he had always wanted to do . 
 until now . 
 and now , robert knew that the one way to destroy his brother was to destroy cassie , and he would do everything in his power to make sure that was done . 
 cassie pulled away from devon , gasping in a breath of air as the pulsation of memories pounding against her ceased . 
 gasping in air as she tried to breathe around the tight constriction in her chest . 
 tears burned her eyes , her heart ached for devon . 
 ached for the innocent boy he had once been , for the man that boy had been turned into , for the monster the man had become , and for the man who lay beneath her now , terrified that he was going to lose her . 
 `` devon . '' 
 he brushed the tears from her cheeks , wiped his blood from her mouth . 
 `` i wo n't let him hurt you . '' 
 `` i know , '' she whispered . 
 `` but why does he hate you so much ? 
 he 's your brother , he should have protected you . 
 he should have helped to defend you . 
 you were a helpless child . '' 
 devon was silent for a long moment , his eyes dark and distant . 
 `` robert was always twisted , like my father . 
 i did n't see it as a child because i could n't see anything past my father , but robert was always cruel too . 
 it was a long time later that i thought back on those days with a different eye and suddenly realized the things i had missed . 
 the servants were afraid of robert . 
 at the time i thought it was because he was going to be the future master , but now i know that it was more than that . 
 he terrorized them . 
 he hit them when they messed up , beat them if he saw fit , took the women whenever he wanted , as my father did . 
 but i never saw the joy , the absolute ecstasy that he took in it , not until after . 
 `` my mother was also afraid of him . 
 she tried to protect me , to shelter me from them , but i recall times when she would tremble in their presence . 
 tremble in the presence of her own child . 
 she wanted nothing more than to get me out of that house and as far from them as possible . 
 unfortunately , once i was free i ran wild with it . 
 i should have taken more time for her , should have opened my eyes sooner to what was going on in that house , but i could see nothing past my own pain and terror . 
 it was a long time before i finally did , and by then it was too late for my mother . 
 she withered swiftly away once i was gone ; i think her fear just ate at her until she finally died . '' 
 cassie choked back a sob as she shook her head . 
 `` that 's not your fault . 
 you could n't have stopped it , you could n't have stayed there . 
 if you had ... '' `` they would have killed me , '' he said when she could not finish . 
 cassie recoiled from his words , hating the truth in them , hating that he 'd had to suffer so badly . 
 no child should have to go through what he had . 
 no wonder he had wanted to keep the truth about his brother hidden from her , no wonder he had tried to keep her as shut out of his past as possible . 
 `` i 'm glad that you did , but you did n't have to show me , '' she managed to choke out . 
 he played idly with a strand of her hair , twirling it around his finger . 
 `` yes , i did . 
 you need to know cassie , that no matter what they say , we can not trust them . 
 especially robert . '' 
 she was silent for a moment , her fingers lightly stroking his solid , bare chest . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` if they had truly come in peace , and for the reasons they say , they would not have brought robert with them . '' 
 the thought of devon 's brother was enough to make her blood boil . 
 she wanted to kill him herself , and if she got the chance she knew that she would . 
 just as robert would do the same to her . 
 `` the change , what is it like ? '' 
 devon 's hand stilled on her hair . 
 `` cassie ... '' `` it has to be done devon , whether they force it or we chose it , it must be done . 
 i think i should be prepared for it . '' 
 he was silent for a moment before nodding . 
 `` the pain is very intense , but hopefully i will be able to take some of yours onto myself by keeping hold of a piece of your mind . '' 
 cassie shook her head in protest , not wanting him to do any such thing . 
 `` yes cassie that is going to happen no matter what you say . 
 it does n't last long ; the longest i 've seen is an hour . 
 mine was only twenty minutes . '' 
 cassie nodded ; she could handle the pain , no matter what she would not allow devon to take it on for her . 
 `` ok , that 's not bad . '' 
 she managed a wan smile for him . 
 though she was looking forward to joining him completely , to being with him forever , she did not relish the thought of dying . 
 he was thoughtful as he watched her . 
 `` i will make it as painless as possible for you . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' she replied . 
 he simply nodded , though she knew that he was not giving into her wishes . 
 he kissed her softly , drawing her closer against him once more . 
 chapter 19 cassie sat silently , trying to peak out from behind devon , but he stood firmly in front of her and had no intention of moving even a little bit . 
 she bit back a sigh of impatience . 
 the testosterone level in the room was running high , tension was pulsating , and she was greatly afraid that one of the strong , super powerful men in this room was going to snap . 
 and she was afraid that it was going to be devon , as robert had already managed to nearly send him into a rage the minute that he had walked into the room . 
 he had taken one look at cassie and his eyes had lit with maliciousness . 
 `` well do n't you smell interesting . 
 looks like someone is a woman now , does that finally make you a man devon ? '' 
 he had inquired softly . 
 cassie 's face had flooded with color ; her body had burned with the heat of embarrassment that had flooded it . 
 she had been unable to meet any of the startled gazes directed her way . 
 julian had grabbed hold of devon , holding him back when he had been about to pounce on his brother . 
 cassie was certain that devon would have killed robert if he had gotten his hands on him . 
 devon had held back from destroying robert all these years because robert was his brother , and to devon that still meant something , but cassie realized that it did n't matter anymore . 
 not if it meant her safety , and her life . 
 nothing mattered more to him than that . 
 robert was now fair game , and it seemed robert had finally realized that fact as he had remained silent ever since those first few comments . 
 `` how do we draw them out ? '' 
 zane inquired softly . 
 `` they 'll come to us , '' devon answered , thrusting his arm behind him when cassie tried to move to get a better view . 
 she frowned fiercely at his back , but he did n't bother to look at her in order to get the full force of her displeasure . 
 `` they 'll lay a trap if we allow them too . '' 
 `` outside will be better , '' luther said . 
 `` in the open where we can see them coming , and where they will have less of a chance to divide us . '' 
 zane was silent , his gaze moved slowly toward the boarded windows , then around the store . 
 `` yes , perhaps you are right . 
 there is no room for movement in here . 
 we draw them out into the open and with all of us ... '' `` they will not be a part of this . 
 there is no need for them to be , '' devon interrupted . 
 anger spurted through her as chris , melissa , dani , and luther spun on him . 
 `` you ca n't leave us behind again ! '' 
 cassie interjected sharply . 
 devon turned slowly toward her , his emerald eyes blazing with intensity and anger . 
 his jaw was clenched tight , his nostrils flared slightly . 
 `` not after last time , and you will need us . '' 
 `` i 'll make sure that you are kept somewhere safer ... '' `` like hell ! '' 
 chris interrupted devon sharply . 
 `` there is no need to discuss this . 
 they will be involved , '' zane said forcefully . 
 `` zane ! '' 
 devon hissed . 
 zane shook his head , causing his golden hair to fall across his forehead . 
 `` i want to see what they can do , what they are capable of . '' 
 zane 's honey eyes landed upon her , a spark of amusement filled them . 
 `` i especially want to know what your little sweetheart is capable of . '' 
 cassie glared at him as she folded her arms over her chest . 
 devon was trembling with anger , his hands fisted , and the corded muscles in his arms stood out sharply . 
 `` i do not want them involved in this ! '' 
 `` it does n't matter what you want . 
 we had an agreement , and this is going to be part of it . 
 no matter what happens these creatures must be destroyed , and i will take all the help that we can get on this . 
 also , i need to know what she is capable of , how strong she is . 
 she killed isla ; we have to know if she is capable of killing us too . '' 
 devon glanced sharply back at her , fear evident in his gaze . 
 cassie stared silently up at him , wide eyed and terrified . 
 he had told her that they could not trust them , but she had still been holding out hope that everything would work out , until now . 
 julian bristled beside devon , his ice eyes troubled and hooded as he glanced briefly back at her . 
 `` that was n't part of the arrangement , '' julian replied coldly . 
 `` it was an unspoken part , '' zane replied lightly . 
 `` and it is a part that will be carried out . 
 now , where should this battle take place ? '' 
 cassie 's heart thumped loudly , she stared silently at devon 's back as zane and the other elder 's hatched a plan . 
 she was acutely aware of the fact that her side remained completely , and frightfully silent . 
 `` it is settled then . '' 
 cassie 's head shot up , she peered around devon 's back as zane folded his hands before him , a pleased look on his face . 
 devon remained stiff before her , his back ramrod straight . 
 his gaze was hard upon robert , who was smiling softly back at him . 
 julian took a step closer to her , his shoulder brushing briefly against hers . 
 she glanced fearfully up at him . 
 she had thought that he would hate her , or at least not want to be near her after what had happened last night between her and devon . 
 instead , he stood loyally beside her , his faith in her absolute . 
 when he glanced down at her , she saw in his gaze an understanding that left her breathless . 
 without thinking , she seized hold of his hand , enfolding it tightly in hers . 
 she knew what he might see , knew that images of last night may very well be flooding him and tormenting him further . 
 but she also wanted him to see how much she did care for him , how much she loved and appreciated him , and everything that he had done for her . 
 his hand tightened around hers . 
 he gave her a brief nod , a small smile played across his mouth . 
 how he understood , and still cared for her , was something that she did n't understand , but she knew that he did , and that he would not abandon her , or devon . 
 she turned back to the others , still clinging to julian . 
 the elder 's gazes were fixed upon their joined hands , they were smirks of satisfaction . 
 `` this is far more entertaining than even i had imagined , '' robert purred . 
 anger and hatred boiled through cassie . 
 devon glanced briefly back at them , but he showed no signs of a reaction as he spotted their entwined hands . 
 `` maybe we should just allow them to kill each other over her . '' 
 `` now now robert , what fun would that be ? 
 come along now , we have some disdainful creatures to hunt , '' anastasia said softly , her mouth curved into a cruel smile as she stared hatefully at cassie . 
 the elder 's chuckled softly , exchanging a small smile before they slipped outside to stand by the door . 
 cassie found herself able to breathe much easier as their disgusting presences were finally gone . 
 devon turned swiftly toward them , grasping hold of her shoulders . 
 `` you are to stay near me . 
 for once in your life , do not do anything foolish . 
 for once in your life , please listen to me cassie . 
 please , for me , do this . '' 
 she bit on her bottom lip , fighting back the tears that clogged her eyes and throat . 
 `` i will , '' she vowed , knowing she would do anything to ease his worries . 
 julian squeezed her hand tightly , releasing her to devon . 
 she stepped into devon 's arms , burying herself against his chest , savoring in what may very well be their last moments together . 
 she did n't see matthew until he was upon them , a tall shadow of a broken man , a wraith that had moved silently away from the others . 
 cassie started in surprise as devon swung her away from the creature , a hiss of fury escaping him as his fangs sprang instantly forth . 
 but matthew did n't come at them ; instead he seized hold of julian 's arms . 
 `` my son , you should not covet another man 's mate . 
 though they have not sealed the bond , you know that it is wrong to do so . '' 
 julian 's eyes widened in surprise , he jerked away from matthew , throwing up his arms to dislodge the man . 
 matthew stared silently at him , his hands folded before him ; his light brown eyes distant . 
 `` i am sorry my son , but you must walk a different path then the one you have chosen . '' 
 `` do n't touch me again you crazy freak , '' julian snarled , his eyes flashing a ruby color . 
 matthew bowed his head , as he nodded briefly . 
 `` julian , '' cassie whispered . 
 she reached for matthew , a man that had been beaten down and broken by the cruelty of his fellow vampires . 
 julian seized hold of her hand before she could grasp the wraith . 
 `` do n't touch him ! '' 
 julian barked . 
 `` you do not want to take the chance of him learning anything about you cassie . '' 
 cassie recoiled as matthew retreated toward the others . 
 zane 's eyes were narrowed upon him , his gaze intent and questioning , but he said nothing as matthew rejoined them . 
 julian watched them go , his eyes troubled and distant . 
 he did not turn back to them though as he moved stiffly toward the door . 
 `` devon ... '' `` i know , '' he said softly . 
 they both watched julian as he slipped out the door , the weary slump to his shoulders revealing the fact that something had just passed between him and matthew . 
 and whatever it was , julian did n't like it . 
 she glanced over as chris , melissa , dani , and luther moved to join them . 
 annabelle and liam hung back , hugging each other tightly as they whispered softly to one another . 
 `` they 're going to turn on us , '' luther said softly . 
 devon nodded , his hands tightened on cassie 's back . 
 `` the first chance they get . '' 
 cassie shuddered , her eyes closed as she clung tighter to devon , knowing that these may be the last moments she had with him . 
 her heart was breaking , terror filled her , but she shoved it all fiercely aside . 
 if she started to break now then they would never survive this , and the most important thing right now was to make sure that the creatures in this town were destroyed before they could wreak havoc upon the earth . 
 `` all of you need to be prepared to defend yourselves as soon as this is over . 
 you also need to be prepared to run , to flee when this phase of the battle is over , '' devon told them . 
 though cassie did n't protest , she had no intention of leaving him behind . 
 *** devon kept cassie behind him and julian . 
 he knew she bristled at it , knew that she wanted free of the two of them , but he was not about to let such a thing happen . 
 he was going to make damn sure that she survived this night . 
 beside him he could feel julian bristling , wanting to reveal what he had glimpsed from matthew , but unable to do so . 
 julian glanced back at cassie , his eyebrows drawing tightly together as he studied her carefully . 
 she met his gaze , her beautiful eyes troubled as she watched him . 
 `` it was about me , was n't it ? '' 
 she breathed , her voice so soft that devon barely caught her words . 
 julian was silent for a moment before he turned away , his hands fisted at his sides in frustration . 
 cassie reached for devon , clinging to his hands as she grasped hold of him . 
 small tremors of fear shook her delicate frame . 
 his own terror matched hers ; he needed to know what julian had seen . 
 he could not take the chance of losing her . 
 `` julian . '' 
 julian remained still , unmoving . 
 `` julian ! '' 
 `` shh , '' he responded softly , his gaze flickering toward where the others were gathered not far away . 
 frustration filled devon , he wanted nothing more than to grab hold of julian , drag him from here , and demand to know what he had learned . 
 but he could not do so . 
 it was obvious that julian did not want the elder 's to know about what he had learned . 
 a shadow moved amongst the woods , drawing devon 's attention sharply that way . 
 he was not fooled into thinking this would be an easy battle , even with the elder 's on their side . 
 he was not fooled into thinking that the remaining creatures would all come at once , or that they would not have a plan of their own . 
 though devon was fairly certain that zane 's only true plan was to attempt to lure the creatures out and slaughter them as best he could . 
 devon turned suddenly . 
 dani issued a small cry of surprise as he pulled her roughly forward . 
 bending close to her , he pressed his lips to her ear . 
 `` there is n't a grounder amongst them , they might not know what you are , do n't use your power until they are the only ones left standing . '' 
 dani 's gold flecked eyes were wide as they darted fearfully toward the group of elders . 
 she nodded mutely . 
 devon released her abruptly , defiantly meeting zane 's curious , amused gaze . 
 the head elder was far too smug for devon 's liking . 
 another shadow drifted through the forest , moving rapidly amongst the trees as it hunted them . 
 he turned his attention to cassie , who was watching the woods intently . 
 `` remember your promise , '' he reminded her . 
 her attention remained riveted upon the forest as she nodded . 
 they stood upon the street in front of the mercantile , away from the area that robert had destroyed in his attempt to kill cassie . 
 they were out in the open , exposed to the stalkers in the forest . 
 they carried no visible weapons , relying upon their strength and powers to help them get through this . 
 the first one burst from the woods , drawing their attention toward it as five others suddenly emerged behind it . 
 they raced forward , oddly silent as they barreled down upon the elder 's who were closest to them . 
 melissa spun suddenly , turning back toward the building as ten more of the monsters emerged from inside . 
 devon did n't know how they had gotten into the building , but he was certain that they had always known how to do so . 
 `` i love you , '' cassie whispered , seconds before they were besieged . 
 chapter 20 power surged through her ; cassie felt the influx of it as the thrill of the fight , the eagerness for the kill descended upon her . 
 the fear inside of her was buried as adrenaline pulsated to the forefront . 
 her body surged with the rushing strength that filled her veins . 
 she felt the change come over her , knew when her eyes turned red . 
 she braced herself , bending slightly in preparation to launch herself at them . 
 the others had already descended upon the elder 's who eagerly embraced them in battle . 
 before the monsters could reach them , before cassie could leap eagerly into the fray , julian spun on devon . 
 grabbing hold of his arm , he pulled devon roughly toward him . 
 `` matthew is insane , '' he hissed . 
 at devon 's wide eyed , confused look , julian hurriedly continued , trying to get it all out before the fight was upon them . 
 `` he has seen what could become of cassie , but he has not told anyone yet because he almost hopes it will happen . '' 
 cassie 's mouth went dry , her heart thumped wildly in her chest . 
 julian looked crazed , terrified as his gaze darted toward her . 
 `` it 's not good , none of it is good . 
 in fact , if what he saw comes true it could be very bad devon , we need to get out of this somehow . 
 we need to get cassie away from them . '' 
 cassie gaped at him in shock , she forgot briefly about the creatures rushing toward them as julian 's words sank in . 
 the broken , crazed man had seen something that had to do with her ! 
 something that had terrified julian , something that put her in danger , put all of them in danger . 
 something that sounded as if it was going to stop her from being able to make the change . 
 her gaze darted toward devon , panic tore through her . 
 they had finally gotten here . 
 the decision had been taken out of both of their hands ; the choice had been taken away from them . 
 consequences be damned , she was going to join him finally , because that is what the elder 's had decided for them . 
 but now , whatever julian had seen from matthew had left him so torn and horrified that he was shaking before them . 
 cassie wanted to reach out to him , wanted to touch him and assure him that matthew was wrong , that not all premonitions came true . 
 melissa was living proof of that . 
 but she could not do that here , not now when they were about to be attacked . 
 `` julian ... '' cassie broke off as julian 's ice blue eyes swung slowly toward her . 
 she could see the love in his steady gaze , but she could also see the stark terror that filled him . 
 his hard , handsome face was pinched tight with worry ; his platinum blond hair fell around his chiseled features . 
 `` oh , '' she breathed . 
 her heart hammered ; disbelief and pain filled her . 
 she had wanted to join devon so much , and for so long it had been constantly denied her . 
 and now , now that it was almost upon them julian had seen something from matthew that had completely unraveled him . 
 and it was because of her . 
 `` we will discuss this later , '' devon interrupted sharply . 
 `` now is not the time . '' 
 cassie was torn away from the horror of what julian was saying , and back to the horror of what was unraveling rapidly before them . 
 the fight was upon the elder 's already , the creature 's eager to destroy and feast upon them . 
 cassie braced herself ; she widened her stance as her hand tightened around the stake in her hand . 
 the weight of the crossbow strapped to her was reassuring . 
 watching the rushing horde barreling toward them , cassie decided to sheathe the stake and go immediately for the crossbow . 
 she loaded it swiftly , and with the ease of someone that had done it hundreds of times . 
 lifting it high , she took aim at the one in the lead , the one closest to chris . 
 she squeezed the trigger . 
 the arrow let loose with a reassuring rush of feather and air that sped swiftly toward its target , hitting home with a reassuring thud . 
 the sound of it all and the resulting satisfaction of the kill would have made her smile , if it had n't been for the monsters that scrambled easily over their fallen brethren . 
 cassie swiftly reloaded as the first one reached annabelle and liam . 
 they fell back slightly from the weight of the creature as it clawed and spit at them . 
 cassie had attributed more reason to them , but they appeared now to be in the midst of a blood frenzy that made them crazed and volatile . 
 raising the crossbow , she took aim at the one barreling toward luther . 
 she fired , but was slightly off target as it slammed into the creature 's collarbone , knocking it back and slowing its progress but not stopping it . 
 cassie swore as she scrambled to grab another arrow , but it was too late . 
 they were on top of them ; there would be no more clear shots . 
 she tossed the crossbow aside and grabbed hold of her stake . 
 but the attack did not come from the way that she had been expecting , the way that she had been prepared for it . 
 instead , it burst free of the woods on their left hand side . 
 cassie caught the flurry of movement at the last moment . 
 she spun wildly , terror pounding through her as she realized that no matter how prepared they were , or how strong they were , they were outnumbered and nowhere near as crazed and frenzied as these creatures were . 
 the first one from the attack on the left was upon her immediately . 
 red eyes filled her vision ; the stench of putrid flesh filled her nostrils . 
 she wanted to recoil from the monster that filled her senses , rocking her with its repulsiveness . 
 hands seized hold of her , claws curled around her upper arms as it jerked her forward . 
 it had once been a man , but clearly was not anymore . 
 years of training took over as she managed to rip one arm free of its grasp . 
 she drove her fist straight into its nose , snapping its head back as its nose shattered beneath the force of her fierce blow . 
 blood spurted over the both of them , but it did not slow cassie as she slammed her fist into its cheek , staggering it backward . 
 taking advantage of the fact that it was off balance , cassie leapt forward , knocking the creature back even more . 
 she twisted the stake in her hand , spinning it around as she drove it forward . 
 the creature howled , its fingers clawed at the wooden protrusion jutting out of its chest . 
 cassie ripped it free , shoving the creature back . 
 it fell upon the ground , withering and making strange gurgling noises until all its movements finally ceased . 
 she did n't have time to study the creature , did n't have time to take in what she had just done as another one grasped hold of her , knocking her back . 
 she stumbled beneath the force of its weight , nearly falling over . 
 devon 's shout of anger filled her ears as the creature managed to claw one of her arms open , spilling her blood . 
 its eyes widened upon her , its nostrils flared as the scent of her blood caught its attention , exciting it completely . 
 its frenzy increased , its misshapen jaws snapped eagerly as it pulled her closer . 
 she was distinctly reminded of the shark from jaws as it snapped at her again , the flesh stuck in its teeth clearly visible . 
 cassie staggered , trying hard to keep her balance against its eager , frantic aggression . 
 she kicked out , not finding much satisfaction in her connection with its shin . 
 there had not been as much force behind the blow as she would have liked . 
 it lurched at her again , shoving her back . 
 devon was suddenly behind it , his eyes a fiery blaze as he seized hold of the things head , jerking it roughly to the side . 
 the loud snap of its neck echoed through the night . 
 it howled ; its arms flailed as it tried desperately to claw at its distorted head . 
 devon 's ruby eyes briefly met hers ; she turned away , not wanting to watch what happened next . 
 she tried to block out the sickening sounds of bones breaking further as flesh was torn from body . 
 her eyes rapidly took in the scene before her , anger boiled swiftly up . 
 her friends were being pushed back , herded further away from the store . 
 chris 's nose was bleeding , his shirt was torn open to his belly button , and more blood marred his chest . 
 melissa 's hair had been ripped free of its braid ; it hung in a tumbled black mass around her shoulders . 
 liam and luther had been swamped by a group of three creatures , they were fighting them off , but luther was bleeding from a cut on his cheek , and liam was losing ground . 
 annabelle and julian were just finishing off two of more of the halflings . 
 chris , who was closest to her , was braced to defend himself against one that was advancing upon him . 
 cassie looked rapidly around , but none of them seemed to have noticed that she was standing alone . 
 not yet anyway . 
 she spun toward devon , who had been swamped by three of them . 
 it was him that seemed to need her help the most right now . 
 she jumped forward , clinging to her stake as she threw herself back toward the fray . 
 one came charging out of the mass . 
 it was a woman , or at least it had been . 
 her mouth was wide ; her jaws snapped up and down so hard that her long fangs sliced into her lower lips . 
 blood trailed down her chin , soaking what was left of her shirt . 
 cassie spun , slamming her fist hard into the woman 's cheek . 
 her head snapped to the side , but she dove forward , wrapping her arms around cassie 's waist . 
 the force of the things momentum carried them both back before they tumbled to the ground in a scattered heap . 
 cassie 's breath rushed out of her , she just managed to keep her head from slamming off of the pavement . 
 for the first time all of her terror and confusion was burned away as the comforting surge of rage rushed to the forefront . 
 the woman clawed at her , blood sprayed across cassie 's face as the woman 's jaws snapped loudly . 
 clinging to her stake , cassie used her anger and strength to brace her legs . 
 the woman tried to cling to her , her claws scraped across cassie 's chest , but cassie was able to toss her off . 
 cassie 's fury escalated as the scent of her own blood hit her . 
 using her arms and legs she sprang easily off the ground . 
 the woman had not quite recovered yet , she was just trying to get back to her feet . 
 cassie leapt on her , driving her back to the ground . 
 the woman howled , trying to claw at cassie , but unable to reach her . 
 there was a time when cassie 's guilt over killing something , even if it was a monster , would have made her hesitate , may have even cost her her life . 
 but those days were gone . 
 there was no hesitation , there was no remorse anymore . 
 she needed to do what had to be done , she had people to protect , she had devon to think of now . 
 without her , he was nothing . 
 without him , she was nothing . 
 neither of their lives could be lost . 
 and no matter the fact that this creature had once been a woman , she may have even had a family , cassie did not hesitate . 
 she drove the stake into the woman 's back , plunging deep . 
 bone shattered , the woman screamed an inhuman mewling sound that caused cassie to recoil slightly . 
 though there was a tug of pity for the poor creature , she did not regret it . 
 she had done what needed to be done . 
 this may have been a woman at one time , but she was n't any longer , and if she was allowed to run free the destruction she would cause to innocents would be on cassie 's hands . 
 cassie jumped to her feet , spinning quickly , knowing that she could not let her defenses down for a moment . 
 though bodies were strewn about , the battle was still in full swing . 
 she jumped forward as another creature leapt onto devon . 
 they seemed determined to take him down . 
 they must have sensed his power , must have felt him to be their biggest conquest that they wanted to destroy . 
 panic tore through her , she could not lose him . 
 she would not lose him . 
 arms suddenly wrapped around her . 
 a strangled cry of surprise escaped her as the arms squeezed tight , knocking the breath out of her . 
 cassie gasped for air as she struggled against the iron hold crushing her against a hard chest . 
 she kicked back , her legs flailing but coming up against nothing as whoever held her braced their legs apart . 
 `` i 'm going to enjoy this . '' 
 terror and hatred tore through her as she recognized robert 's voice . 
 she kicked back hard and swung her head back , she came up with nothing as he moved swiftly out of her way . 
 she was preparing for a different method of attack , when she felt it . 
 whatever breath she had left rushed out of her as the stabbing pain tore through the center of her stomach , just beneath her rib cage . 
 she choked hard , trying to get some air into her lungs but receiving none as the fiery pain tore through her . 
 `` robert no ! '' 
 zane bellowed . 
 cassie was briefly confused by his command . 
 did n't zane want this ? 
 were n't they going to turn on them anyway ? 
 and just what had robert done to her ? 
 a rush of something warm and liquid against her skin suddenly punctured through the pain . 
 she glanced down , her mouth gaping , her eyes widening as she stared in horror at exactly what it was that robert had done . 
 a silver dagger handle jutted out from her belly , the warm rush of liquid she had felt was her own blood pulsating out from the wound . 
 terror tore through her , her pain was forgotten as the struggle for her life was renewed . 
 `` such a little fighter , '' robert purred . 
 then , to her utter disgust and horror , he leaned forward to brush a kiss against her cheek ; his tongue flickered lightly over her skin . 
 though he had just stabbed her , this was a far worse atrocity as she shrank away from his hideous touch . 
 he chuckled softly in her ear , running his tongue over it . 
 `` oh what i would have loved to have done to you , what i would have loved to make my brother watch me do to you . 
 but , just in case i never got that opportunity , i took this one . '' 
 cassie grasped hold of the handle of the knife , trying to pull it free , but failing miserably as his one hand still remained tightly locked upon it . 
 her hands clenched tight , trying to keep her blood in , trying to keep her life from pulsating rapidly out of her . 
 robert spun suddenly with her in his arms . 
 her legs spun out from under her , and a new wave of fiery pain scorched through her entire body . 
 the pain left her numbed , immobile as it took fierce hold of her . 
 `` look up ! '' 
 robert hissed in her ear . 
 cassie could n't look anywhere but at the hideous knife causing so much agony inside of her . 
 she could not look at anything except for the hated weapon protruding from her skin . 
 `` look up ! '' 
 at this command , robert shook her roughly , causing more pain to rip through her . 
 she gasped , her head snapped up as tears filled her eyes . 
 she would do anything to make the pain stop , anything to make it better . 
 then she realized exactly what it was that he had wanted her to see , and she knew instantly that she would have taken the pain a thousand times over rather than have listened to him . 
 her gaze locked instantly on devon 's fiery red one . 
 he had frozen amongst the fray , oblivious to the battle that continued to rage around him . 
 hopelessness , loss , and longing tore through her as she fully realized that she would not be walking away from this . 
 that there would be no escaping this time . 
 that robert was going to kill her . 
 devon 's eyes flickered briefly , their beautiful emerald green shone through as love blazed fiercely from them . 
 tears , that had nothing to do with her pain , spilled down her face . 
 `` do n't worry ; you 'll see my brother again , in hell , '' robert whispered in her ear before kissing her roughly again . 
 cassie gasped ; her body bucked wildly as robert ripped the knife upward , breaking into the bones of her ribcage , tearing it through organs and skin , before pulling it roughly free . 
 a gurgled scream of pain ripped from her , her hands clawed at her gouged chest , uselessly trying to close the gaping , spurting wound . 
 robert shoved her roughly away . 
 cassie stumbled before falling to her knees and slipping soundlessly forward . 
 this was it , this was the end , and though she had always known that it would come at a young age , she had n't expected it to be this young . 
 all she wanted now was more time with devon . 
 she wished that she could have been there for him , and her friends , they would not take well to this . 
 emotional pain swamped her , burying the physical agony beneath the wave of loss that consumed her . 
 devon 's roar of fury filled the air . 
 she managed to turn her head enough to see him amongst the creatures . 
 though he tried to get free enough to reach her , they had taken his hesitation , his moment of inaction , as an excuse to pounce upon him . 
 she caught one more glimpse of him , his eyes were more than on fire they were pure molten lava as rage grasped hold of him , burying him within its tight grip of insanity . 
 she suddenly understood why zane had yelled at robert , why zane had not wanted her to be killed just yet . 
 they did n't want her down until they at least had devon under control in some way . 
 but now ... well now , he was going to kill them all . 
 including her friends . 
 the thought caused her to tremble , but she could not move as weakness seeped into her muscles , as her life poured out of her veins . 
 she could feel her life draining from her , pulsing out in endless waves of her warm , necessary blood . 
 `` cassie ! 
 cassie ! '' 
 chris skidded across the ground toward her . 
 grasping hold of her shoulder , he pulled her attention away from devon . 
 chris 's eyes widened in horror as he gazed at the blood spilling from her . 
 the sapphire depths of his much loved eyes bloomed with tears as knowledge slammed into him . 
 `` it 's ok , i think this was meant to be , '' she managed to whisper . 
 his eyes snapped back to hers , determination blazed through them . 
 `` like hell it is . '' 
 he was bending over to scoop her up when julian swooped down upon them . 
 he grasped hold of her , pulling her easily and gently into his arms . 
 cassie groaned ; the movement caused fresh fire to burn through her body . 
 `` hold on , just hold on , '' julian snarled . 
 he curled cassie against his chest , using his shoulders as battering rams he slammed into whatever creatures came at them . 
 chris ran beside him , shoving and punching his way through the crowd . 
 cassie clung to her wound , but she could feel the weakness seeping into her , and the pain was not so bad anymore . 
 it was n't bad at all actually . 
 she felt oddly numb , slightly cold , but more and more pain free . 
 `` annabelle ! '' 
 julian bellowed . 
 `` annabelle i need you ! 
 now ! '' 
 cassie caught a glimpse of the small girl , fighting to get free of the crowd . 
 `` julian . '' 
 his ice blue eyes came down to hers , wide and terrified with worry and despair . 
 `` julian it 's ok . '' 
 `` yes , you will be ok , '' he barked , breaking free of the melee . 
 `` no , julian , it 's ok . 
 it 's ok . 
 i always knew ... '' a rough coughing spree broke through her ; suddenly the pain was back in sharp shooting waves . 
 she gasped , clinging tighter to her wound as she tried to breathe through the agony . 
 julian 's eyes widened in horror , and though he was terrified for her , tormented at the thought of losing her , his pupils dilated in hunger at the sight of the blood she coughed up . 
 `` i would not live long , '' she finished on a hoarse whisper . 
 he tore his gaze away from her as he bolted across the street . 
 `` you 'll be fine , you 'll be fine . 
 annabelle ! '' 
 he bellowed again . 
 cassie touched his arm lightly , sensing the impending end of her life , sensing that she did not have much time left . 
 `` julian , you ca n't let him die . 
 promise me that you wo n't let him die , not because of me . '' 
 `` cassie ... '' `` please julian , '' she pleaded . 
 `` please . 
 my life is not worth his too . '' 
 this time when his eyes met hers , there were tears spilling down his cheeks . 
 he may want to deny it , he may still wish that annabelle would be able to help her , but she saw now that inside he knew the truth . 
 she would not survive this . 
 `` i will do everything i can to keep him alive , '' he promised softly . 
 tears spilled down her cheeks . 
 `` and yourself too ? '' 
 he hesitated a moment before nodding sharply . 
 `` and myself too . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 cassie 's head slumped against his chest as he shoved into the store door , crashing it off of the wall . 
 darkness seeped slowly over her ; a strange sense of peace embraced her . 
 she thought she would be scared in the end , but she was n't , not for herself anyway . 
 a strange warmth seeped into her outer limbs , it replaced the cold chill that had been there before . 
 it was n't ok that she was leaving everyone ; she wished that she could stay with them forever . 
 but she was not afraid , there was something else waiting for her , and in the end she had always known that fate would never be denied . 
 that it could never be changed . 
 and this was her fate . 
 it always had been . 
 she heard julian screaming for annabelle 's healing ability again , and then she heard nothing more . 
 *** chris was numb with horror and terror as julian burst into the store , nearly breaking the door off its hinges as it slammed against the wall with enough force to shatter the plaster behind it . 
 chris had heard cassie 's whispered words ; he could feel the strange sense of comfort and peace that had settled over her . 
 and he hated it . 
 he could not lose his best friend , he could not lose her . 
 and she was ready to be lost . 
 please , he begged silently . 
 please just hold on . 
 `` annabelle ! '' 
 julian yelled again , his voice so loud that the windows in the store rattled but annabelle was already racing through the door . 
 her strawberry colored curls were a mess , blood smeared her cheeks , but she appeared unharmed as she bolted toward julian . 
 chris shut the door , propping a chair against it as its bent frame would n't allow it to close properly . 
 `` hurry , '' julian pleaded his voice a hoarse whisper . 
 julian knelt on the floor ; he placed cassie gently upon the ground . 
 her hands slid limply away from her stomach , falling upon the ground . 
 chris got his first good look at the hideous wound . 
 his eyes widened , bile rushed up his throat as he stared in horror at the jagged , vicious tear that had ripped deep into the inside of his friend . 
 the strong pulse of her blood had slowed to a near stop , her shirt was torn open but her flesh was covered by the deep red color of her life . 
 a small moan of despair escaped him . 
 cassie was a fast healer , but even with that ability , and annabelle 's powers he could n't see how they could do anything to heal that . 
 it was too deep , too long , too brutal and cruel to ever be healed . 
 terror pulsed through him , full blown panic took over . 
 they were going to lose her , he was certain of it ; he was going to lose his best friend . 
 tears clogged his throat , making it impossible for him to breathe . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? 
 do something ! '' 
 julian snarled at annabelle . 
 she remained frozen , her sea green eyes wide in horror , her hand over her mouth as she gazed at cassie . 
 `` annabelle ! '' 
 julian barked , causing them all to jump in surprise . 
 annabelle shook her head as she turned toward julian ; her shoulders slumped in defeat , her posture was sad as she huddled in on herself . 
 there was a hollow look to her eyes that made her appear somewhat shrunken . 
 `` i can not heal the dead julian , '' she whispered forlornly . 
 chris felt as if he had punched , he took a staggering step back . 
 pain clutched at his chest as tears instantly sprang forth . 
 `` no , '' he moaned . 
 he took a step toward cassie , determined not to believe it , unable to accept the fact that she could be gone so easily . 
 unable to believe that she could be so swiftly and cruelly ripped from their lives . 
 unable to believe that her inner light could so easily be doused . 
 he froze though , unable to go forward as his gaze landed upon her face . 
 cassie 's eyes were halfway open , her pupils dilated as she stared unseeingly at the ceiling . 
 her mouth was parted slightly , her face lax . 
 knowledge slammed into him , strangling him with its intensity as he turned away , gasping and choking for air as pain and loss engulfed him . 
 julian and annabelle remained silent , unmoving , but he could feel their sadness and loss even through his own grief . 
 julian swore loudly , turning away he slammed his fist down on one of the metal shelves . 
 it crumpled beneath the blow , spilling its contents across the floor . 
 before chris could even blink , he lifted up one of the cases and heaved it across the room as if it weighed no more than a feather . 
 glass and materials shattered across the room . 
 chris wrapped his arms around himself as he took a step away from the cans that rolled toward him . 
 julian bellowed in rage before lifting another shelf and heaving it across the room . 
 fresh agony swamped chris , but this time it was so fierce , so intense that it knocked him to his knees . 
 he could n't breathe , could n't see as his vision blurred and his head pounded with the torment pulsing through him in never ending waves that nearly caused him to pass out . 
 he bowed down ; his forehead nearly touched the floor as his heart exploded , shattering into a million pieces , destroying everything that was good and right inside of him . 
 burning away the humanity that had been in him , and leaving only scattered pieces of nothing that were quickly buried by a rage so intense that chris feared his head would explode . 
 the blood in his ears was a loud rush that blocked out nearly all other sound . 
 rage and a thirst for vengeance , for destruction and brutality , swamped him . 
 chris could n't breathe , he could n't think through it . 
 both of the emotions were so intense that physical pain twisted through him as he struggled to breathe , and tears rolled down his cheeks . 
 `` julian stop , '' annabelle whispered pleadingly . 
 julian froze , his shoulders heaved as he stared at the back wall . 
 his hands were fisted at his sides , his body shook but he seemed to have regained some control over himself again . 
 `` devon can not know about this , not yet . 
 not until we can contain him in some way . 
 i promised her he would not die , and i am going to keep that promise , '' julian said softly , his voice choked with emotion . 
 `` how are we going to do that ? '' 
 annabelle whispered . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 chris gasped for breath , he tried to find his voice , tried to rise up against the tidal wave of emotions crashing over him . 
 he was afraid that if he could n't get control he would be forever buried beneath the debris of devon 's rage and grief . 
 forever caught up within the whirlpool that now controlled the vampire . 
 for chris was keenly aware of the fact that there was nothing left of the man within devon . 
 the man had been destroyed by cassie 's death ; the monster inside him had finally burst free of its cage to take devon 's place . 
