 prologue luca is gone . 
 i know it before i open my eyes . 
 the weight of his body next to me is absent , the scent of him gone from the air . 
 i sigh , reluctant to begin this day because i know what it holds for me . 
 i know that if luca is truly gone , i will spend every hour frantically searching for him . 
 gazing around , i find my large suite empty . 
 everything is neat and tidy and exactly in place . 
 each lavish piece of furniture is polished with lemon oil , each extravagant painting on the wall carefully dusted . 
 each expensive vase , each crystal lamp , each woven rug is perfectly aligned and exactly how i left it . 
 something is different , though , somehow changed in this room that i fell asleep in last night . 
 my sleepy eyes do another quick sweep , and this time i notice the balcony doors standing wide open while the bright morning sun streams onto the mahogany floor and the white sheer curtains on either side flutter in the sea breeze . 
 this is the difference and it slams into me like a concrete wall . 
 i did n't fall asleep with those doors open . 
 i would never do that now , not since i know what dangers lurk in the world , the darkness that can find me . 
 immediately after i notice this inconsistency , i also see that across the room , my bedroom door is tightly closed and the bolt is still slid firmly in place . 
 just as i left it last night . 
 my heart stutters as i realize what this means . 
 while i slept , luca must have climbed from my balcony ledge to escape . 
 but the drop is well over thirty feet and there are sharp rocks at the base of the house . 
 there are gardens directly behind , but beyond that , there is a cliff with a hundred foot drop to the sea below . 
 i leap na ** d from bed and rush to the balcony 's edge . 
 my bare br ** sts press against the cold railing as i peer down at both the gardens and what i can see of the pristine sand beyond that . 
 luca is not lying broken and bleeding there , so i try to still my racing heart . 
 i search the beaches and craggy landscape on both sides of my periphery and i still do not see him . 
 he somehow survived the fall . 
 a hundred different things run through my mind , but the one that stands out in the forefront is the image , the possibility , that he managed to drag himself , broken and bleeding , to a different location , somewhere where he is even now waiting for me to help him . 
 because i promised . 
 i promised him that i would help him , that i would keep him from the darkness that plagues him , that i would heal him . 
 that i would save him . 
 i swallow hard and as i do , i realize that my throat is tender from luca 's hands last night . 
 i know that if i look into a mirror , there will be a bruise in the perfect formation of his long fingers around my neck . 
 as i softly touch it , i remember his face from the night before . 
 it was shadowed in the moonlight and like always , he was beautiful . 
 luca is handsome in a very classic and beautiful way , dark hair and cut cheekbones . 
 his bangs are long and almost hide his magnificent dark eyes until he shakes his hair away . 
 and when he does , the sadness that dwells there is apparent to anyone who knows him . 
 but last night , i did n't need to look into his eyes to see that his darkness had returned . 
 i knew it from the moment he stepped into my room . 
 i can always see it . 
 it changes everything about him , even the way he walks and moves . 
 the way he stands . 
 the way he speaks . 
 the way he feels . 
 he is an entirely different person when the darkness comes . 
 these are the moments that he dreads with every breath when he is himself ; the moments when he is no longer luca . 
 in these moments , he is filled with thoughts that are no longer his own . 
 he can not help it , he can not control it , he can not stop it . 
 but i promised him that i would . 
 and i have failed him . 
 i scramble to my wardrobe and pull on clothing , choosing a shirt with a collar , hoping to somewhat hide the bruise on my neck . 
 the only other people here at chessarae are servants , except for luca 's mother in her lonely wing . 
 but she is locked in so she never comes into the main part of the house . 
 no one will see me but the staff . 
 and they are used to seeing strange things . 
 i rush through the house , through the extravagant corridors and over the marble floors , the rich and polished surroundings that i would never have dreamed i would find myself in . 
 i do n't notice it now though . 
 it has faded into an insignificant corner of my mind . 
 all that matters now is luca . 
 i make my way out the back of the house , through the gardens , through the english maze that is perfectly manicured and challenging to maneuver . 
 i manage it with ease , however . 
 i memorized its twists and turns on a happier day . 
 the weather is stormy today and the normally cheerful and bright maltese sky is gray and thunderous . 
 i can feel the electricity in the air , snapping the ends of my long hair with static . 
 this day looks as foreboding as i feel , which i hope is not a sign . 
 i search through the maze . 
 i search the beaches as my feet sink into the cool sand . 
 i search the gardens with their exotic and sweet-smelling blooms and then i search the garage . 
 his car , a shiny black jaguar , is still in its slot and its hood is cool to the touch . 
 luca has not driven it today . 
 i search the front lawns and the back . 
 and just when i begin to panic , to fear that he has not returned to chessarae after all , i search the stables . 
 as i walk through the heavy wooden doors , the smells of the horses and the hay and the saddle-soap and leather assail my nose and i breathe them in . 
 i 've always loved this place . 
 it is peaceful here . 
 and i suddenly know , because i can feel it , that luca is here . 
 i walk quietly down the main corridor , staring into each stall as i pass . 
 and finally , finally , when i come to the very last stall on the left , luca is there and my breath hitches in my chest , freezing on my lips . 
 luca is slumped on the ground , in the corner , his expression desolate . 
 he is beautiful even here , even in this condition , and i can not help but stare down at him as tears fill my eyes . 
 he is dirty and his clothing is torn . 
 there are smears of blood on his shirt , dried now to a rusty dark brown . 
 i swallow hard , trying not to imagine where the blood has come from . 
 luca 's face is tortured as he stares up at me , his head in his hands . 
 there is blood on his fingers . 
 `` it happened again . '' 
 his words are low and husky and rough , yet elegant at the same time . 
 he is always refined , always perfect , always luca . 
 his self-loathe is apparent and it breaks my heart . 
 i nod mutely because there are no words for this moment . 
 i bend to help him to his feet . 
 at 6 ' 3 '' , he towers above me . 
 he is slender and strong and masculine . 
 he is lithe and powerful , beautiful and graceful . 
 and sometimes , on his very darkest days , he is a depraved killer . 
 but i have gotten ahead of myself . 
 i should begin at the beginning . 
 if i do n't , you will never understand . 
 chapter one from the beginning eva as i step from the ferry onto the pier , the first thing i notice about malta is the smell in the air . 
 it smells of sand and sea . 
 everything about this small island nation revolves around the shimmering blue water surrounding it . 
 fishermen have been born and bred and lived and died for thousands of years here . 
 the sea is everything . 
 as a testament to that , ships and boats and dinghies are everywhere around me . 
 there are fishermen , sailors and dockhands . 
 there are fish mongers , there are fish markets and there are crusty old maltese men who creep out to the piers at the crack of dawn to fish just for the pure enjoyment of it . 
 the saltiness of the sea is in their blood . 
 romans used to call malta the land of honey . 
 and as i stand here in the early evening light , i can see why . 
 the sun is just starting to sink over the horizon , over the edge of the sea , and everything here is bathed in radiant gold . 
 the buildings created from sandstone and ancient rock appear to glow in the light . 
 and even though the name truly stems from malta 's ancient history of honey production , i prefer to think it is because malta is continually bathed in a honey-colored glow from the sun . 
 i make my way down the wooden planked pier , taking care not to trip over the uneven boards . 
 i have been traveling for thirty hours so i am definitely inclined to stumble . 
 i ca n't remember when i 've ever been so exhausted . 
 `` dr. talbot ! '' 
 a voice with a maltese accent calls for me and i turn my head to find a stooped older man in a white floppy fishing hat making his way to me through the throng on the pier . 
 i smile and hold out my hand . 
 `` you must be tomas . '' 
 the man shakes his head . 
 `` no , my name is alanzo . 
 tomas was detained , but he sent me to drive you to your summer cottage . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` thank you . 
 i appreciate that very much . '' 
 immediately and unbidden , i form an opinion about this man . 
 loyal , kind . 
 trusting and open . 
 an inherent need to please . 
 i can see all of these things in his eyes . 
 since my doctoral dissertation involves studying the decisiveness of the first meeting while assessing the personality traits of strangers , i can not help but do it myself whenever i meet anyone . 
 it can grow annoying . 
 but it is why i am here ; to continue my research over the summer and wrap up my project so that i can begin a psychiatry practice . 
 the old man stoops to pick up my suitcase . 
 i put my hand on his . 
 `` please , there must be someone i can hire to bring my bags . 
 i have quite a few more . '' 
 i motion behind me at a large stack of bags and sealed plastic crates . 
 alanzo 's eyes widen and i ca n't help but smile . 
 `` my research , '' i explain . 
 `` it takes up a lot of space . '' 
 `` i see that , '' he agrees . 
 `` it 's no matter . 
 come with me , bella mia , and we will arrange for your bags to be delivered to your flat . '' 
 alanzo leads me to a small rickety counter where he speaks fast and fluent maltese to the girl standing there . 
 he scribbles something on a paper and hands it to her with his gnarled fingers and she nods . 
 then he pays her . 
 i try to hand him us dollars , which is all i have at this point , but alanzo shakes his head and clucks . 
 `` no , no , '' he waves his hands . 
 `` tomas instructed me to care for you . 
 it 's all right . '' 
 i 'm too tired to argue . 
 he whistles and holds his hand in the air and hails a taxi . 
 i am surprised for just a moment . 
 i guess i thought that valletta was small enough to walk from place to place . 
 yet even now , i realize that was silly . 
 there are 400,000 people on malta and half of them live in valletta . 
 to be honest , the only memories i have from this place are from when i was small , when i spent a summer here with my gypsy-like father . 
 the memories from my ten-year old self are probably distorted as hell . 
 i remember italian ices , shell-hunting by the sea and long periods of boredom during which i entertained myself as my father played poker . 
 poker is , and always has been , eric talbot 's life 's blood . 
 it is how he makes his living , how he gets his blood flowing . 
 it also allows him to be very , very mobile . 
 each summer that i spent with him was in a different place , from portland to taiwan . 
 but i remember malta as being my favorite , because of its easy way of life and happy people . 
 it is why i am here now . 
 alanzo and i slip inside the air-conditioned interior of the car . 
 i lean my head against the seat for a moment . 
 i am so tired . 
 tired enough , actually , that i find myself waking up as the taxi comes to a stop outside of a little bungalow . 
 i blink the sleep from my eyes and open the door . 
 `` it 's perfect , '' i breathe as i step from the car . 
 alanzo beams . 
 `` you like it ? '' 
 `` of course , '' i nod . 
 the small flat is made from stucco and is situated on a bluff overlooking the sea . 
 i can see for miles and miles here and the beach below us beckons to me . 
 the sand is pristine and perfect , the sun beautiful and cheerful and there does n't appear to be anyone else for at least a mile . 
 i have surely found paradise . 
 i will have to watch myself to make sure that i do n't succumb to the temptation of lying on the beach all day . 
 i have work to do . 
 `` come , dr. talbot , '' alanzo beckons . 
 `` please , '' i call from behind him . 
 `` call me eva . 
 everyone else does . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` alright . 
 come , eva . '' 
 i follow him up the winding path to the door . 
 green vines and fragrant white flowers are tangled on each side of the little walk and i pass a motorized scooter leaning against the house in the shade . 
 i raise my eyebrows . 
 `` it 's for your use , '' alanzo explains . 
 `` you can ride it almost anywhere that is too far for you to walk and for other needs , you can ride the bus . '' 
 i nod as i file the information away . 
 he unlocks the door and hands me the key , then steps aside so that i can enter . 
 `` one bedroom , one bath , kitchenette , '' he says . 
 `` just as you asked for . '' 
 it is clean , cozy and efficient . 
 i nod . 
 `` it 's perfect . '' 
 `` linens and towels are included . 
 you will have a cleaning lady come once a week . 
 you will not need to care for the house . 
 if you require something or if something breaks , call tomas and he will contact your land lord . '' 
 i nod again . 
 i do n't bother insisting that i can take care of it myself . 
 malta is a very patriarchal society . 
 the men enjoy being caretakers . 
 i do n't wish to intrude on that . 
 i only wish to study their behavior when i meet them . 
 i walk through the small flat , taking note of the cozy furnishings , the open back doors that lead to a little patio area surrounded by a garden and the very small bed . 
 i cringe . 
 `` not what you are used to ? '' 
 alanzo guesses . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i have n't slept in a twin bed since i was a kid , '' i tell him . 
 `` but it 's okay . 
 i 'll make do . '' 
 because i definitely do n't want to sound like a spoiled , self-entitled american alanzo looks at me kindly . 
 `` you seem very tired , eva , '' he observes . 
 `` you should rest . 
 tomas will be along in the morning to welcome you . '' 
 i nod again . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i am tired . 
 thank you so much , alanzo . 
 it has been a pleasure meeting you . '' 
 he smiles , a wizened old grin , and then he is gone and i am alone . 
 i look around at the quiet little cottage with the dusk settling in and i know that i wo n't be able to hold my eyes open for much longer . 
 i curl onto the skinny little bed and close my eyes . 
 i have a scant few minutes to appreciate the ocean crashing outside of my open window before i drift into a dreamless sleep . 
 *** it is dark when i wake . 
 i lie still for a moment because i know that something has woken me , but i do n't hear anything out of the ordinary in this unfamiliar house . 
 shadows fall in angular slants against my wall but nothing is moving . 
 the silence is still . 
 and then i feel it again , a tickling on my arm . 
 my stomach sinks with dread as i brush at my skin and come into contact with something moving ; something thin and fleshy . 
 i scream and leap from the bed , fumbling for the light switch on the wall . 
 there , sitting on my bed atop twisted sheets , is the largest , scariest looking spider i have ever seen in my life . 
 its hairy leg-span must be four or five inches . 
 it is black and white striped and has a huge bulbous abdomen with some bright yellow stripes thrown in . 
 i scream again just looking at it . 
 it is so horrifying that i 'm too terrified to even squash it with a shoe . 
 i do n't want to get my hand that close . 
 i stand still , breathing harshly as i try to decide what to do . 
 there 's no way that something that terrifying is n't poisonous . 
 oh , god . 
 oh , god . 
 oh , god . 
 i hate spiders . 
 i 'm not thinking clearly now . 
 i 've barely woken up and i 'm faced with this spawn of satan sitting on my bed . 
 i 'm all alone in a strange and foreign place and there is a killer on my bed . 
 and then there 's a voice . 
 `` miss , is everything alright ? '' 
 a deep voice is calling from outside of my house . 
 and before i can think about it and remember that i do n't know anyone here and that a stranger really should n't be outside of my house , particularly in the middle of the night , i answer . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not . '' 
 in a scant moment , a man bursts into my bedroom . 
 he looks startled to see that i am alone . 
 and i am startled because he 's alarmingly handsome . 
 so it appears that we are both startled as we stare at each other . 
 he 's dark haired , tanned , and has dark eyes . 
 his bangs are hanging artfully in his eyes , although the hair on the back of his head is a little shorter . 
 it 's a style that works for him . 
 he 's got broad shoulders , slim hips , chiseled yet graceful features and sweet merciful mary , he 's beautiful . 
 he 's dressed in jogging shorts and running shoes and a bead of sweat trickles down his temple . 
 i do n't even have time to wonder why he 's out for a run in the middle of the night before i notice that he 's also got that sexy , day-old stubble that i so love on a man . 
 i swallow and realize that my mouth has gone dry . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he asks , his eyes skimming over me , assessing the situation . 
 it 's a valid question . 
 i had been screaming bloody hell , after all . 
 i nod . 
 then shake my head . 
 `` spider , '' i whisper . 
 his dark eyes widen and he follows my pointing finger with his gaze . 
 then he laughs , husky and rich . 
 `` spider , '' he confirms with a nod , his dark eyes sparkling in amusement . 
 `` it looks like you 've got yourself a perfect specimen of the writing spider . '' 
 `` writing spider ? '' 
 i repeat , watching it nervously , making sure it does n't try to run across the bedroom floor and up my leg . 
 `` is it poisonous ? '' 
 handsome running guy nods solemnly . 
 `` oh , it 's a known killer , alright . '' 
 i gasp and lurch even further away from the hairy creature on my bed and handsome running guy laughs . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm only joking . 
 i could n't resist . 
 it 's not poisonous . 
 i think its scientific name is black and yellow argiope , or something like that . 
 they are all over here . 
 but you would n't know that because you 're not from here , are you ? '' 
 i shake my head again , trying not to be overly enthralled with his charming accent . 
 `` is it that obvious ? '' 
 he smiles and suddenly it seems like all natural sources of light are pouring into my room , originating from this man . 
 he 's got such a strong presence that it makes my spine tingle . 
 and my stomach is fluttering in a way that it has n't fluttered since high school . 
 interesting . 
 he shakes his head and then holds out his hand . 
 `` luca minaldi , '' he tells me and his fingers are cool as he shakes my hand . 
 `` evangeline talbot , '' i answer . 
 `` but my friends call me eva . '' 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , '' and his eyes agree with him as he stares at me . 
 `` the question now is would you like for me to kill your uninvited guest or should i release him into the wilds ? '' 
 `` kill it , '' i say firmly . 
 slight disapproval passes over luca 's face like a shadow . 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` it 's an amazing specimen and they do eat bugs . 
 bugs can get pesky here in malta , evangeline . '' 
 `` you can call me eva , '' i answer . 
 `` and if we release it into the outdoors , he might come back in . '' 
 i shudder again at that thought . 
 `` true , '' luca agrees . 
 `` and so might anyone else . 
 your door was n't locked . 
 and i ca n't call you eva . 
 we 're not yet friends . '' 
 there is disapproval on his face again and i find his manner of speaking intriguing . 
 rich , formal , gentleman , i list in my head as i stare at his manicured hands . 
 then i add jaded to the list . 
 there 's also something else about him , something that i ca n't put my finger on yet . 
 i make a note of that . 
 it 's a little discouraging since my thesis is based on the notion that an intuitive person can peg someone on the first meeting . 
 however , our first meeting is n't over yet and i return my attention to him . 
 `` i was so tired when i got here that i barely remember walking through the house , '' i admit to him . 
 `` it does n't surprise me that i left the door open . '' 
 `` well , that 's understandable , '' luca answers . 
 `` jet lag is miserable . 
 but do be more careful . 
 you are in a strange place . '' 
 `` so you 've said , '' i nod , slightly impatient with the safety lecture . 
 i 'm a grown woman . 
 i know how to take care of myself . 
 `` now will you kill the spider or do i need to call my landlord ? '' 
 luca smiles and the room brightens once again . 
 interesting , both that this man 's mood can change the atmosphere in my entire bedroom and that his mood changes so quickly . 
 should i add mercurial to the list ? 
 i hold off on that one as he raises an eyebrow at me . 
 `` you 'd really call your landlord this late after business hours for an insect ? '' 
 i eye the spider . 
 `` that is not an insect , '' i tell him . 
 `` that 's a monster . 
 i 've been told that i 'm always welcome to call him in an emergency . 
 i 'd say this qualifies . '' 
 luca chuckles and shakes his head . 
 `` i hate to kill something that is n't hurting us , '' he tells me . 
 `` let 's find a jar . 
 a large jar . '' 
 i shake my head and slip out to the kitchen , bringing him back a large canning jar that i found beneath the sink . 
 i hand it to him and he quickly scoops the large spider into the jar , then covers it with his hand , unafraid . 
 i shudder on his behalf as i watch the long hairy legs twitching against his palm . 
 `` how do you stand that ? '' 
 i demand as i trail him to the back door . 
 he walks a few feet into the night and releases the spider into the grass . 
 it quickly scurries away into the darkness although i 'm sure it will find its way back into my house soon enough . 
 `` it was n't going to hurt me , '' he told me . 
 `` because i was n't hurting it . 
 that 's usually how nature works . '' 
 `` not so , '' i counter . 
 `` not always . 
 i 'm sure that a gazelle hunted by a lion would beg to differ with you . '' 
 luca 's lip twitches . 
 `` lucky for us , this is n't the serengeti . 
 if you do n't provoke something here , you will generally be left alone . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` well , good . 
 i 'm not in the habit of provoking people . 
 unless they are lying on my couch , anyway . '' 
 luca 's eyebrows raise again . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 i laugh when i realize what i must have sounded like . 
 `` i 'm a psychiatrist . 
 almost . 
 i 'm here for the summer to finish my dissertation . 
 people pay me to probe at their secrets . '' 
 luca seems interested now . 
 i add unafraid to his list . 
 people are generally a little put off when i tell them what i do which is why i like to get it out of the way right off the bat . 
 it 's like they are afraid that i will dissect their brains during casual conversation . 
 and in all honesty , i sort of do . 
 it 's an occupational hazard . 
 i ca n't turn it on and off . 
 `` you 're a psychiatrist ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` are you afraid ? '' 
 it was a joke . 
 but he pauses for a moment before he smiles . 
 `` very , very afraid . '' 
 there is electricity between us . 
 and i 'm not sure if it is because he 's so very handsome or if it is simply because he is a strange man standing in my bedroom . 
 either way , i can feel it and i smile . 
 `` you should be . '' 
 he smiles back , a guarded smile . 
 `` noted . '' 
 luca hands me the jar back and when he does , his hand brushes mine . 
 his touch is feather light but i can feel exactly where our skin comes into contact and it feels as though i will have a permanent impression of his fingers on my own . 
 my eyes dart up and meet his , which are a turbulent black , full of charged energy . 
 our gazes lock and i am speechless , utterly engrossed in the power of this moment . 
 i 've never been so instantly attracted to a man . 
 i do n't know if it is simply a by-product of my jetlag or if it is real . 
 however , i do n't get a chance to ponder it . 
 out of my periphery , i notice a movement out of the corner of my eye and glancing down , i find that the spider , probably disoriented from this whole ordeal , is scurrying back across the lawn and is aimed directly at my feet . 
 it is moving fast and i barely have time to gasp or scream before luca 's foot slams down upon it with a sickening crunch . 
 its long broken legs stick out from under the sole of his running shoe as i stare at him uncertainly . 
 `` i thought you said it was n't going to hurt me ? 
 that we should n't kill it because it meant no harm ? '' 
 luca shrugs . 
 `` i changed my mind . '' 
 and something about this moment and his words and his nonchalant attitude sends goose bumps forming up and down my arms , although i do n't know why . 
 i 'm shocked that he killed it , but it was just a spider . 
 an insect . 
 but it somehow seems strange . 
 five minutes ago , he was dead set against hurting it and then he turned around and killed it without a second thought . 
 i think i should add mercurial after all . 
 i glance at his face and now it seems as though shadows have passed over it , thunderous and dark . 
 i inhale sharply as i watch him gracefully wipe his shoe off in the grass . 
 he 's lithe and muscular , like a lion , and i suddenly realize that a jungle cat is exactly what he reminds me of . 
 he is sleek and powerful and masculine . 
 dangerous . 
 the word pops unbidden into my mind and i try to shake it off . 
 he killed a spider , not a person or a puppy . 
 i have no basis for thinking that he is dangerous . 
 but as he turns his eyes toward me , there is something there , something in the dark depths that i ca n't define , something dangerous . 
 and so i reluctantly add it to his list . 
 this is just my first impression after all . 
 it remains to be seen if my instinct has any validity whatsoever . 
 i can just as easily take it off the list as i put it on . 
 i look up to find him staring at me with his dark and fathomless eyes . 
 those are eyes that a person could lose themselves in . 
 why does it seem like everything has turned tense ? 
 i did n't mean for that at all . 
 i was just surprised by the turn of events . 
 so i tell him that . 
 and then i hold out my hand . 
 `` it was really nice to meet you , luca . 
 thank you so much for taking care of the spawn of satan . 
 i really appreciate it . '' 
 he nods , relaxed once again . 
 `` anytime . 
 i 'm a spawn of satan specialist . 
 i 'm just happy that i was nearby and heard you scream . '' 
 `` yes , '' i agree . 
 `` that was very lucky for me . '' 
 `` hmm , '' luca says , drawing out the sound . 
 `` let 's leave that verdict out for now , shall we ? '' 
 i stare at him , wondering what that means and why he seems so mysterious when he suddenly turns and walks out . 
 i trail weakly behind him , trying to figure out what i had missed . 
 and then he is gone . 
 he is such a commanding presence that his absence is noticed immediately . 
 the air around me lightens and the charged atmosphere is gone , like a thunderstorm that has abruptly moved on . 
 i stand at the front door , watching him jog lightly down to the beach where he continues running in the wet sand . 
 i watch his broad shoulders ripple as he moves until he is gone from my sight . 
 and i 'm holding my breath . 
 i realize it in an instant and inhale deeply . 
 luca minaldi , whoever he is , is intense . 
 i add that to the list and then examine it in my head . 
 rich formal gentleman jaded unafraid intense mercurial dangerous i have no way of telling at this point if these descriptors are accurate . 
 in order to know for sure , i 'll have to interact with luca minaldi again . 
 luckily , as part of my research , i have vowed that if i have meaningful interaction with anyone this summer , i must follow-up with them in a second or third meeting so that i can ascertain if my initial theory on his or her character was correct . 
 it 's the only way i can test my hypothesis in a practical sense . 
 but something deep inside of me tells me that my hypothesis should be damned in relation to luca . 
 i should n't pursue another meeting with him . 
 there 's something about him , something secretive and troubling , that i know i should steer clear of . 
 my trained intuition is shouting at me . 
 and although i do n't have any basis other than my own intuition for it , i add secretive to the list . 
 because one thing is clear . 
 luca minaldi is an enigma . 
 i shake my head and lock my door before going back to bed . 
 chapter two the beast my vision tunnels as it always does when i lose myself . 
 i only have a split second , a moment , really ; before i am overtaken by the basest of instincts , by the blurs of reds and blacks . 
 i ca n't fight it . 
 i have tried before and it is useless . 
 my periphery is vanished now , absorbed by the darkness . 
 i can focus only on what is in front of me . 
 my subconscious is gone , my guilt is gone , my logic is gone . 
 there is nothing left . 
 except for a driving need . 
 as always , i succumb to it . 
 i can do nothing else . 
 my feet thump onto the twisted path to the beach and my head snaps to attention in the breeze . 
 someone in the near distance is cooking dinner . 
 oregano , oil , beef . 
 i pivot and move into the shadows where i belong . 
 my nerve-endings are standing at attention . 
 i can smell everything , see everything . 
 i can feel everything . 
 it is exhilarating and smothering at once . 
 i breathe deeply and attempt to harness it . 
 and then i charge ahead into the night , through the trees . 
 a house comes into focus . 
 small and neat . 
 i pad lightly up the path and the ocean crashes behind me as i linger at the door . 
 dinner smells drift from the window and i inhale , allowing the breeze to wash over my skin as i stand still . 
 i am only hungry for one thing . 
 there is not the bustle of family from within these walls . 
 there is no noise at all . 
 i do n't knock . 
 i move silently through the rooms until i find what i am looking for . 
 she turns , startled . 
 but she does n't scream . 
 she looks curious ; wondering why i am here , what i want from her . 
 i do n't hesitate to show her . 
 i cross the room in two strides . 
 her throat is in my hands . 
 my tongue is in her mouth , her teeth scrape against mine . 
 she is screaming now because she can see what i want , but my mouth quickly muffles the noise . 
 i enjoy the vibration of the sound against my lips , the heat of her breath against mine . 
 everything is visceral now , an explosion of sensations and my vision blurs . 
 she is soft and i am hard and i rage against her , taking her over and over until her eyes glaze and her screaming stops . 
 her heart is pounding against my chest and her body is so very fragile . 
 so i break it . 
 chapter three eva a knock on my cottage door wakes me from sleep . 
 i lie still for a moment longer , clearing my mind from sleep-induced fog . 
 there is another knock and i climb from the bed , only just now remembering that i am still fully dressed , as i answer the door . 
 an elderly man is on my stoop with grayed hair and warm brown eyes . 
 he looks at me and grins . 
 `` dr. talbot ! 
 you look just like your papa ! 
 but for your eyes and red hair . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 this is something that i 've heard my entire life . 
 i do resemble my father with my straight roman nose and delicate features . 
 my father has dark eyes though , and i have inherited my mother 's instead , as well as her pale skin and red hair . 
 `` you must be tomas , '' i observe . 
 he grasps my hand and squeezes it while he nods . 
 `` yes , bella mia . 
 i 'm so sorry that i was unable to meet you yesterday . 
 i 'm an old man and i had a doctor 's appointment to keep . 
 i do hope that my friend alanzo did n't ramble too much with his stories . '' 
 i laugh and shake my head . 
 `` no , alanzo was charming . 
 thank you for sending him . '' 
 tomas smiles . 
 `` i 'm so happy to finally see you again . 
 you probably do n't remember me , but i knew your papa very well when you and he lived here so many years ago . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` i do n't remember much from that long ago , tomas . 
 but i 'm very happy to meet you now . '' 
 loyal , friendly , open . 
 i begin my mental list of tomas ' traits . 
 `` your bags arrived , '' he tells me , motioning to a stack of luggage outside of the door . 
 `` you must have been sleeping . '' 
 `` i was very tired , '' i explain as we begin lugging the bags through the door . 
 he clucks as he hands me a heavily loaded crate . 
 `` i know , '' he tells me . 
 `` i was here earlier and saw you sleeping through the window . 
 i did n't want to wake you because you seemed very tired . 
 you will have to take care of yourself , bella , '' tomas says as he eyes me . 
 `` your papa wants me to look after you . 
 i promised him that i would make sure that you slept enough and that i would keep all of the boys away so that you could finish your research project . '' 
 i laugh again . 
 i 'm still tired enough that everything seems funny , particular when he refers to men my age as ` boys ' . 
 at twenty-nine , i 'm just a minute away from thirty . 
 if boys are n't men by this point , they never will be . 
 `` i 'm not too worried about the boys , tomas , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'm not here to find a husband . '' 
 i decide to get that out of the way right off the bat . 
 like their close neighbors , the italians , family is very important to the maltese . 
 i know that i will be prodded the entire summer by well-wishing people who want to see me married off and happy . 
 i sigh at the thought because right now my only wish is to finish my dissertation and start my career . 
 i 've worked long and hard for it and i 'm right at the cusp . 
 just this summer and i will be done with all of the academic red tape . 
 it 's almost surreal . 
 tomas shakes his head . 
 `` you 're a pretty girl , bella . 
 you will not have a problem finding a husband . 
 i do n't worry about that one bit . '' 
 i refrain from telling him that i 'm not worried , either . 
 my stomach growls loudly , rudely interrupting our conversation , and i suddenly realize that it has been hours and hours since i have eaten . 
 i look at tomas . 
 `` tomas , where is the closest place to eat ? '' 
 `` now you 're talking , '' he beams . 
 `` your father also made me swear that i would make you eat this summer . 
 he 's afraid you are growing too skinny . '' 
 i self-consciously wrap my arms around my waist . 
 it 's true . 
 while i was finishing up my residency this year , i worked many , many twelve and sixteen hour shifts in the psych unit at the oregon health and science university in portland . 
 there were times that food just was n't that high on my priority list . 
 sleeping became the most important thing in the world , second only to breathing . 
 `` if you walk down the road about one and a half kilometers , you 'll find a little bistro on the beach . 
 you will love it . 
 marianne owns the place . 
 just tell her that i sent you and she 'll take special care of you , because she holds a special place in her heart for me . '' 
 his faded eyes are twinkling now . 
 `` would you like for me to take you right now ? '' 
 he looks at me with kind eyes and i would love to go and eat with him because i get the feeling that he is lonely . 
 but i 'm still so tired . 
 `` tomas , i 'll take a rain-check on that . 
 i still feel pretty exhausted and i want to unpack a little and shower before i eat , but i would love to have dinner with you sometime soon . '' 
 he nods understandingly . 
 `` of course , eva . 
 i 'll get out of your hair now and let you settle in . 
 but i 'll check in on your from time to time . 
 and of course , you will owe me a dinner date . 
 i 'll come around to collect on that . 
 do n't hesitate to call me if you need anything . '' 
 i smile and agree and walk him to the door where he kisses both of my cheeks in the european fashion before he leaves . 
 regardless of my rumbling tummy , i find that i am simply too tired to be of much good . 
 the jet-lag has gotten to me . 
 i grab a crocheted blanket from the back of the couch and curl up for a nap . 
 to my complete surprise , i do n't wake up for six hours , when it is once again evening . 
 jet lag has truly wiped me out , i decide as i sit up and stretch , then drag myself from the small couch . 
 i make my way into the tiny bathroom to shower and brush my teeth . 
 traveling around the world does tend to make a person happy for the small things in life . 
 i have decided that clean teeth and clean underwear are two of the most important things in the world . 
 without them , i feel less than human . 
 i put my clothing away in the little dresser in the bedroom and then set up an office area in the little kitchenette . 
 it is dark outside but my stomach is rumbling louder than ever and i find myself wondering how long the little bistro that tomas told me about will stay open tonight . 
 since i am famished and do n't have any food in the house yet , i decide to find out . 
 despite my long nap , i 'm too weary to walk so i examine the little scooter . 
 figuring out how to work it is a challenging feat in the dark , especially since there is n't a porch light . 
 but once i figure out the various buttons , i roll down the curving road in the direction that tomas had pointed earlier . 
 at just around the kilometer and a half mark , just like tomas said , i find a small path that leads down to the beach and i nose the little scooter downward . 
 when i get to the sand , i park it and walk since i know there is no way that the wheels would make it on the beach . 
 as i walk along , a scream emanates from the dark . 
 i stop still in my tracks and glance around nervously , as the hair raises on my neck . 
 there 's no one here but me . 
 the only movement is the sea sliding back and forth along the foamy lip of the shore , and the trees rustling quietly along the craggy cliffs above . 
 it 's quiet now . 
 and i wonder if perhaps someone was playing . 
 maybe a child ? 
 it sounded like a woman , but i ca n't really be sure . 
 and it 's gone now . 
 so it must 've been nothing . 
 if it were something , she 'd still be screaming . 
 and like usual , i am over-analyzing the situation . 
 i smile to myself because that 's an occupational hazard and keep walking because i can see a little cafe a hundred yards or so away . 
 its welcoming light shines onto the beach around it like a beacon , drawing me to it . 
 i step inside and find that it is empty . 
 there is not a soul seated among the little tables and cozy booths . 
 a candle flickers at each table , creating a warm and inviting atmosphere and i am instantly in love with this place . 
 i already know that i will spend many evenings here because i am not much one for cooking . 
 i walk to the front and stand by the cash register , waiting for someone to notice me . 
 it does n't take long for a tiny woman to emerge from a swinging door . 
 she ca n't be any taller than five feet tall , her white hair cut into a fashionable bob . 
 her ice blue eyes meet mine and she smiles welcomingly . 
 `` welcome . 
 table for one ? '' 
 she looks past me questioningly . 
 i nod . 
 `` yes . 
 table for one . 
 how late are you open ? '' 
 `` oh , we 're open until midnight , '' she answers warmly . 
 `` do n't worry about that . '' 
 i glance at my watch , an expensive medical school graduation gift from my father . 
 its silver hands tell me that it is 11:00 pm . 
 i slept all day and evening , which is very unlike me . 
 marianne leads me to a little booth and sits me down , fussing over me as she does . 
 `` what is a pretty thing like you doing out in the dark alone ? '' 
 she asks as she hands me a menu . 
 but then she just as quickly takes it away . 
 `` i know just what you need , '' she winks . 
 `` our special of the day is just what the doctor ordered for you , bella . 
 you need some meat on your bones . '' 
 she does n't give me a chance to argue , instead she is gone before i even know it . 
 and i love how everyone refers to women as ` bella ' here . 
 beautiful . 
 it is endearing . 
 marianne is back within a minute with a glass of red wine and a basket of fragrant bread . 
 `` eat , eat , '' she waves her hands . 
 and then she promptly sits down in the empty seat across from me . 
 `` you do n't mind , do you ? '' 
 she raises an eyebrow . 
 `` of course not , '' i answer . 
 `` please sit . '' 
 she smiles , because she knows as well as i do that she was planning to sit regardless of what i said . 
 she watches as i make short work of a breadstick and half of my glass of wine . 
 she looks satisfied by that and only then does she try to engage me in conversation , asking where i 'm from , why i 'm here , and what my plans are . 
 i answer her and she is visibly impressed . 
 `` a psychiatrist ? '' 
 she repeats . 
 `` you must be a smart girl . 
 beautiful and smart . 
 your parents must be proud . '' 
 someone from the kitchen brings out a steaming bowl of fettuccine and the smells make my mouth instantly water . 
 yes , i will be spending quite a few evenings here . 
 i already know it . 
 marianne watches me eat , a small smile on her face . 
 `` do you know a luca minaldi ? '' 
 i ask curiously in between bites . 
 she looks instantly intrigued . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 she inquires . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` just curious . 
 i met him last night . 
 he was out jogging and heard me screaming about a spider . '' 
 i tell her about the incident and she laughs . 
 `` yes , those are nasty little creatures , '' she agrees . 
 `` and i 'm from here . 
 i 've never gotten used to them . 
 it surprises me , however , that luca minaldi would approach you . 
 he tends to stay to himself . '' 
 and that intrigues me . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i ask . 
 marianne shrugs . 
 `` you 'd think someone in his standing would come to all of the important social functions , but he seldom does . 
 his family has been here in valletta for generations . 
 they own minaldi shipping and their ships can be seen all over the world . 
 yet , he does n't seem to be much of a people person . 
 it 's too bad , really . 
 with his looks and money , he truly is malta 's most eligible bachelor . '' 
 `` he 's single ? '' 
 i ask the question before i even think about it . 
 shit . 
 marianne smiles . 
 `` yes , my dear . 
 he 's single . 
 he would have to come out and meet people in order to become married and he does n't do much of that . 
 he lives outside of town on the coast on an estate called chessarae . 
 it 's a beautiful property , really . 
 although he never hosts any functions there anymore . 
 not since his mother is no longer well . 
 she used to be quite the socialite . 
 but no more ... not since nicolas died . '' 
 `` nicolas was luca 's father ? '' 
 i take a guess . 
 she nods . 
 `` yes . 
 nicolas died some years ago . 
 melina became a recluse of sorts after that . 
 she stays on the property now . 
 no one has seen her in a year or two . '' 
 `` she lives with luca ? '' 
 i ask . 
 for some reason , this surprises me . 
 he seemed so self-sufficient . 
 power practically emanates from his pores , not the kind of person you would think lives with his mother . 
 marianne smiles again . 
 `` eva , you are no longer in america . 
 things are done differently here . 
 families often live together because family is very important to us . 
 when all is said and gone , family is what will remain . 
 and besides , chessarae is so large that there is room for five families to live there comfortably . 
 but as it was , for years , it was just the three minaldi boys and their parents . 
 but then nicolas died , and christoph and damien moved away , working in other minaldi shipping locations . 
 luca is the only one still at the house . '' 
 `` does he also work for the family business ? '' 
 i do n't know why i 'm curious . 
 i just am . 
 marianne nods again . 
 `` yes , he does . '' 
 interesting . 
 i 'm too interested . 
 and i know that i 'm not going to let it go . 
 i need a follow-up meeting with him . 
 his personality is just too interesting . 
 there are too many facets to it that i ca n't put my finger on . 
 and the things that i can pinpoint are fascinating . 
 i tell myself that i am only interested in his mind , his personality , and definitely only in the medical sense , but i 'm not sure that i believe it . 
 `` how can i go about setting up a meeting with him ? '' 
 i ask marianne . 
 she grins . 
 `` i thought you 'd never ask ! '' 
 she laughs and refills my wine glass . 
 `` you can either show up at their home unannounced , '' she tells me . 
 `` or you can finagle a meeting at the library in town . 
 his family is a patron of the library and one of the few things that he comes into town for are the board meetings . 
 as it happens , i also am on the board , so i can tell you when to come ` bump ' into him . '' 
 i feel slightly lecherous in trying to plan a chance meeting with the town 's most eligible bachelor in such a way . 
 and i tell marianne so . 
 she just laughs . 
 `` my sweet , a girl 's got to do what a girl 's got to do . 
 if he is n't coming to you , go to him . 
 make it happen . '' 
 i do n't bother to explain why i want to meet with him again . 
 this is a cultural thing , i know . 
 she assumes that i am fascinated with him as potential husband material . 
 and so i let her believe that . 
 and honestly , her notion is only half false . 
 i 'm not in the market for a husband , but i am certainly fascinated by him . 
 but the conversation topic changes and before i know it , i find that i have made a new friend and we have chatted until well past midnight . 
 after i have finished six breadsticks and we have split two bottles of wine , i finally have to insist that i am going home . 
 i promise marianne that i will be back very soon and she promises me that she will come by the cottage with the library board meeting schedule . 
 the trail home is dark and breezy and i ride quickly . 
 it feels eerie out here in the dark , borderline spooky , although i do n't know why . 
 i almost miss the trail that leads back up to the road , but i see it just in time and make my way back to my little cottage . 
 and even though i had slept all day , i find that i am still tired enough to sleep . 
 in an effort to thwart a little of my jet-lag , however , i decide that i should stay up for a little while longer , just to make sure that i sleep through the night . 
 i 've got to get my body back in sync with the clock . 
 so , i try to stay awake and read , but my thoughts keep drifting to luca minaldi . 
 i truly have never met someone like him before and so i ca n't shake the thoughts that keep passing through my mind . 
 the dark , dark energy that seemed to surround him , commanding the room . 
 the way his thigh seemed so strong when it brushed against mine , the way the muscle moved in his arm , the way he seemed so lithe and powerful . 
 i could practically see the individual muscles rippling in his shoulders through his shirt as he bent outside of my house . 
 it was apparent that he is very , very fit . 
 his stomach is rock hard , perfectly flat . 
 as i wonder what it would feel like to run my hands across that flat expanse of muscle , my breath quickens at the thought . 
 his face was so , so handsome and the way the moonlight slanted against it only enhanced that and made him seem even more mysterious . 
 even now , the mere memory of it , of him , stirs fluttery feelings in my belly . 
 i place my hand there , as if to suppress those stirrings , but the feeling of my fingers on my bare skin gives me a better idea . 
 i slide my hand downward . 
 in my head , my hand transforms into luca 's , sliding down my stomach , then along my leg , whispering into my ear as his fingers grasp the tender flesh of my inner thigh . 
 eva , you are so beautiful . 
 let me touch you . 
 his hand continues moving , until it glides to a stop when he reaches there , a place that has n't been touched in far too long . 
 the breath catches in my throat as his fingers gently massage the most sensitive part of me . 
 he moves in a circle , his fingers as skilled as i thought they would be . 
 he looks into my eyes and his are as black and dangerous as they were last night . 
 his body is na ** d and hard as it slides against mine . 
 i want you , eva . 
 his lips are perfect and full as they mouth the words to me . 
 i nod , giving my consent and he slips his fingers into me , moving them at just the right speed . 
 he moves faster just when i need him to , and i hold my breath and close my eyes , picturing his other hand cupping my breast before he bends his dark head and sucks my nipple . 
 it is my undoing and my head throws back as i come against my own fingers . 
 i fall limply back against my pillows and calm my ragged breathing . 
 as i do , i remind myself that this was just a fantasy . 
 a far-fetched fantasy , at that . 
 luca would n't even call me eva ... because we are n't yet friends . 
 i roll my eyes in the dark and curl onto my side . 
 i do n't know why he has fascinated me to the point of sexual fantasy . 
 there 's no way he would be in my bed . 
 even still , the last things i think about before i sleep are luca 's strong hands and his dark and mysterious eyes . 
 chapter four luca i see her . 
 i know i am dreaming , but it is as real as anything i 've ever seen . 
 she 's standing in front of me , her red hair gleaming in the moonlight . 
 she turns her face and her skin is creamy white in the dark . 
 she seems too beautiful to be real , ethereal almost . 
 i take a step toward her and then stop . 
 because i know i must . 
 her intriguing eyes , not quite gray but not quite green , stare into mine and i ca n't help but to walk toward her . 
 she 's drawing me to her and she 's doing it on purpose . 
 she senses the danger , i can tell . 
 but she does n't care . 
 i swallow hard . 
 if she does n't care , it makes it more difficult for me to do so . 
 `` luca , it 's okay . 
 come to me , '' she pleads . 
 i know better , but i go anyway . 
 i touch her hand and she grabs mine , pulling me to her with desperation and need . 
 she clutches my hair , covering my mouth with hers until we are kissing in a way that should light the nearby shrubbery on fire . 
 she tastes like wine and her lips are full and swollen . 
 she is the most beautiful thing i 've ever seen . 
 she rocks against me , and i am instantly hard . 
 she slides against my body , pushing ever closer . 
 i press my erection against her , nudging it firmly between her thighs . 
 she smiles knowingly , her lips moving against my neck , as she grabs my hand and places it directly between her thighs . 
 she is wet . 
 she wants me . 
 and i want her . 
 she knows that i want her . 
 `` fuck me , luca , '' she whispers , as her eyes meet mine . 
 i start to pull her closer to me , to pull her clothing off of her body , when her eyes widen as she stares at something behind me . 
 and then she begins to scream . 
 her scream is terrified and horrified and the breath lodges in my throat . 
 i am frozen and i do n't want to look . 
 but i do . 
 i turn , hesitant because i am afraid of what i will find . 
 and it is worse than i feared . 
 stacks of bodies , of bloodied and bruised women , are piled behind me on the darkened beach and i clench my jaw in horror . 
 i know i did that . 
 i hurt them . 
 but i do n't remember any of it . 
 and that is the worst nightmare of all . 
 she is staring at me in horror as she backs away , her eyes condemning me for being what i am . 
 a monster . 
 and then i 'm awake . 
 i sit straight up in my bed and my sheets are damp from a terror-induced sweat . 
 my fingers are curled around my pillow , clutching it for dear life . 
 this is a familiar dream . 
 i dream it often , almost every night , which is one of the reasons that i dread the night . 
 tonight , however , there was an addition to my dream . 
 her . 
 evangeline . 
 her name is soft on my tongue and i say it aloud , quietly in the darkness of my suite . 
 shadows fall around me , against my walls and my bed , but that is fine . 
 i enjoy it that way . 
 i belong in them . 
 i have known that since i was small and as long as i am awake , i feel comfortable there . 
 i reach for a glass on my bed stand and take a big gulp of water , allowing the sleep to fade away so that i can think more clearly . 
 i am intrigued by this new woman , by her open and curious face , by her interesting eyes , by her beauty . 
 i want her . 
 this dream was a testament to that . 
 and i have n't wanted anything for a very long time . 
 the knowledge is startling . 
 i ca n't fool myself into thinking that her beauty does not play a part in my fascination . 
 of course it does . 
 she is breathtaking . 
 but it is n't just that . 
 she 's smart and confident in a way that i have n't quite seen before . 
 she 's a very capable person . 
 except when she 's dealing with a spider . 
 i smile at the memory and realize that i 'm once again gripping my pillow . 
 i release it , tossing it to the other side of the bed . 
 i flex my fingers and as i do i see that there is blood beneath my fingernails . 
 i cringe , the familiar horror lodged in my chest , surrounding my heart . 
 i numbly rise from bed and walk quietly into my bathroom , scrubbing my hands as vigorously as i can . 
 i 'm surprised i do n't take the skin from the bone , but it remains firmly attached to my hand . 
 it would n't matter to me either way at this point . 
 i stare into the mirror and like always , i do n't like what i see . 
 i saw my reflection in evangeline 's horrified stare . 
 she saw me for what i am . 
 i do n't give a f ** k if it was a dream . 
 she can see through me . 
 i look away and dry my hands , then slide down the tiled wall until i am resting against the cool stone . 
 i lay my head back and close my eyes . 
 i 'm very weary . 
 not tired , but weary . 
 and there is a difference . 
 but as i sit with my eyes closed , her face passes through my mind yet again . 
 her smile flashes in my memory and i suddenly find myself wanting to meet with her again , even though i should n't . 
 i know where she lives . 
 i could swing by unannounced and bring her a bottle of wine as a welcome to malta gift . 
 i could check to see if she has had any more uninvited spider guests . 
 i could ... do nothing . 
 i ca n't . 
 i ca n't endanger her in such a way . 
 and suddenly , i feel my reality crushing upon me in a way that i have n't felt in years . 
 i have long since reconciled myself with my life . 
 but now , tonight , it seems too great a burden to bear . 
 and try as i might not to think of her , i fall asleep sprawled on the bathroom floor thinking of her gray-green eyes . 
 chapter five eva i decide to take the bus into town . 
 i 'm not sure why , but i know that if i do n't expose myself to people from the very beginning , i might be inclined to become a hermit in my little shore-side cottage . 
 and the entire reason i am here is to finish up my research , an endeavor that will involve people . 
 on the trip to town , i sit next to an older woman and as we chat , i compile my list of her traits in my head . 
 beaten down by life , tired , negative . 
 i decide that i do n't like her energy . 
 she 's very jaded and worn-out , and i know that nothing in this life will make her happy . 
 i have already decided that i wo n't be following up with her by the time she gets off at the next stop . 
 by this time , i also realize that i do n't much like the bus . 
 there are babies crying , people coughing and an overwhelming stench of body odor . 
 i fight the urge to pull my shirt up over my nose . 
 i feel like a witch , but i have n't eaten anything for breakfast and the smell is threatening to turn my stomach . 
 i 'm headed to the market to buy supplies for my kitchen , but i 'm going to have to eat something first . 
 so when the bus reaches the downtown area , i disembark and hunt for a cafe . 
 it does n't take long to find since there 's practically one on every corner . 
 i duck into one , a quaint little coffee shop with little bistro tables clustered on the sidewalk , and stand in line to order a coffee and a danish . 
 i never feel quite human until i 've had a cup of coffee in the morning and so while i stand in line , i tide myself over by inhaling the rich aroma of the freshly ground beans . 
 as i wait , i hear a couple of women murmuring behind me in the line . 
 they sound surprised and interested in something . 
 and i accidently pick out the words `` luca minaldi '' in their conversation . 
 this immediately snags my attention and i turn , only to find them watching the sidewalk . 
 i follow their stares and find luca himself standing outside . 
 my breath catches for a moment . 
 after my imaginary romantic interlude with him , i dreamed about him for most of the night . 
 so it seems strange and a little startling to find myself staring at him in person for the second time in as many days . 
 he 's standing in the morning sun , looking chic and rich and sophisticated in black slacks and a gray striped dress shirt , open at the neck . 
 he 's every bit as beautiful as he was in my head last night . 
 i do n't know what he is doing here now , but he appears to be waiting for something . 
 or maybe someone . 
 i ca n't decide what to do . 
 should i approach him ? 
 thank him once again for killing the spider ? 
 thank him for his ` participation ' last night ? 
 i silently laugh at that one , imagining the look that would result on his face from that conversation . 
 i am surprised by how much i 'd like to talk with him again . 
 as i 'm pondering how to go about it , he turns and his dark , dark eyes meet mine . 
 his head is slightly ducked as he looks at me from under his bangs and his face is expressionless , almost hard . 
 but his eyes ... they are smoldering like nothing i 've ever seen , like he knows something intimate about me , like he knows what i 'm thinking . 
 like he knows what i was thinking last night . 
 my heart takes off like helicopter blades . 
 my lips part and i ca n't decide whether to smile or call out , but then he turns away . 
 and he 's gone . 
 i pay for my coffee and hurry to the door , but by this time , he is long gone , swallowed by the crowds that are milling about on the sidewalks . 
 i have no idea where he went but it is obvious that he did n't want to stop and talk to me , regardless of what i saw in his eyes . 
 i do n't know what i did to offend him and i try not to allow my feelings to become ruffled because i do n't think i did anything at all . 
 he seemed fine when he left my house yesterday . 
 perhaps he 's just having a bad day . 
 i decide to sit at a little table rather than become jostled through the crowds , which would likely result in spilled coffee . 
 so , i sit and try to forget about luca minaldi snubbing me . 
 i try and forget about the burning expression in his eyes . 
 i try to forget about my own traitorous and naughty thoughts about him . 
 it 's difficult , but i focus and eventually , i am distracted by watching the people around me . 
 and i remember why i love malta . 
 the people are so happy here , so laid-back and carefree . 
 they have a true southern european attitude , one that repels stress and embraces life . 
 i love it . 
 it is one of the reasons why i have such great memories of being here when i was a child . 
 even as a kid , i felt the absence of worry and stress here in this beautiful place . 
 i sip at my coffee , which is delicious . 
 it is strong and perfect , with just the right amount of cream and sugar . 
 i rifle through my little notebook , the one that i carry everywhere to make notes about people 's personalities . 
 i 'm not in the mood to speak with random strangers today but it must be done . 
 so i sigh and get up and start introducing myself to these happy europeans . 
 it does n't end up being as difficult as i 'd thought it would be . 
 i end up with a couple of offers for coffee with potential new friends and a couple of requests for my phone number from men . 
 and several pages of notes about these very same people . 
 i need to return home and transcribe my notes into typewritten pages but first i have to navigate the market . 
 i do n't cook but i still need to eat . 
 i wind my way through the streets , hunting for a market . 
 i do n't see one . 
 so , i stop and ask a kind looking elderly woman . 
 she 's very friendly , but i quickly realize that she does n't understand english . 
 her frail-looking husband does n't either . 
 i am saved by a kind younger man who sees me struggling to understand . 
 `` miss , i could n't help but overhear , '' he tells me in perfect english with a charming maltese accent . 
 his blue eyes sparkle and i ca n't help but notice that he is handsome . 
 `` do you need directions to the market ? '' 
 i nod gratefully . 
 `` i do . 
 thank you so much . 
 i 'm afraid i 'm a little turned around . 
 i do n't know where to go to hail a taxi . '' 
 the stranger laughs and he does n't seem so strange now . 
 something about him immediately feels familiar and friendly and he puts me at ease . 
 `` you wo n't need a taxi , '' he tells me . 
 `` once you reach the heart of the city , which is where we are now , you can walk anywhere you need to go . '' 
 ah . 
 that must be why i remembered it being so . 
 `` come , `` he tells me . 
 `` my name is adrian and i will just show you the way . '' 
 `` i 'm eva talbot , '' i tell him . 
 `` thank you so much . '' 
 `` adrian leopoldo , '' he answers . 
 `` you are most welcome . 
 it is a pleasure meeting you . '' 
 he is charming and friendly and we chat the entire way to the market and i decide that it is a pleasure to meet him . 
 i can certainly use a friend here . 
 and the fact that he is handsome is certainly not a detriment . 
 `` do you live here in town ? '' 
 i ask him as we approach the busy marketplace . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` no , i live outside of town . 
 you ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 i live outside of town , too . '' 
 adrian grins . 
 `` well , that 's a coincidence . 
 perhaps we 'll bump into each other outside of town sometime . '' 
 i ca n't help but gravitate towards his grin . 
 he 's impossibly cheerful and i find that i quite like it . 
 open . 
 honest . 
 cheerful . 
 i make my silent list of his personality traits . 
 i 'm fairly certain that i 'm spot on with him . 
 `` eva ? '' 
 adrian is looking at me and i realize that he 's probably said my name more than once . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i tell him . 
 `` i was thinking about something else . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' he smiles . 
 `` i was just wondering if you 'd like to have dinner tonight ? 
 you 're new here and far too beautiful to sit in your house alone . '' 
 he 's flirting . 
 it occurs to me in a rush and i do n't mind it at all . 
 he 's handsome and funny and nice . 
 why would i mind ? 
 `` of course . 
 and how very kind of you to think about my welfare , '' i tell him with a smile . 
 `` i found this charming little bistro on the beach last night . 
 marianne 's . 
 do you know it ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` of course . 
 everyone knows marianne . 
 shall i pick you up at 7:00 ? '' 
 i smile again . 
 `` it 's not very far from my house . 
 i can meet you there if you prefer . '' 
 but adrian is already shaking his head . 
 `` have n't you heard ? 
 a young woman was killed last night , not too far from marianne 's . 
 she is the second one in a month . 
 the polizia have n't determined if it is foul play or a wild animal of some sort . 
 either way , it 's best that you not wander around after dark by yourself , eva . '' 
 my gaze is frozen to his as i remember the shrill scream that i had heard last night on the beach . 
 could that have been the girl ? 
 if so , i was mere yards from her as she was killed . 
 that seems impossible . 
 but then , as i remember the spooky feeling in the air on my way home , i shiver . 
 `` a wild animal ? '' 
 i ask quietly , in horror . 
 `` what kind of wild animal does malta have that could kill a person ? '' 
 adrian is subdued . 
 `` apparently , both girls had injuries that were indicative of a wolf attack , although malta does n't have indigenous wolves . 
 a few years back , a handful of wolves escaped from a zoo . 
 it is speculated that they have bred and their pack has grown . 
 there are stories of farmers who have lost cows to these wolves . 
 so we know that they are still out there . '' 
 `` rogue wolves ? '' 
 i am horrified at the notion but it is slightly intriguing too . 
 i always find myself rooting for the underdog . 
 and wolves that were contained in a zoo and then escape to find a life of freedom are certainly underdogs . 
 but are they killers ? 
 `` i do n't know , '' adrian answers . 
 `` it seems far-fetched to me . 
 from what i 've always heard , wolves do n't attack humans unless they are cornered . 
 but what do i know ? 
 i 'm not a wild-life expert . 
 but they say that both of the girls had their throats ripped out which is apparently what a wolf will do . 
 it 's horrifying . 
 so , in the meantime , until they figure this out , you should keep your doors locked and do n't travel by yourself after dark . 
 okay ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` and i 'll be around to pick you up at 7:00 , '' he confirms . 
 i nod again , then tell him where my cottage is and he waves and is off . 
 i find myself looking forward to our little date tonight , which is slightly surprising since i 've been utterly fascinated with luca minaldi ever since i laid eyes upon him yesterday and adrian is a far cry from luca . 
 but as i walk through the aisles of the busy open air market , i put luca out of my mind . 
 he clearly does n't want anything to do with me . 
 i 'll make a point to arrange a follow-up meeting with him later for research reasons , but only for that . 
 i just need to see if he is as intriguing as i previously thought . 
 and if my evaluation of his personality is correct . 
 but even now , if i 'm honest , the mere thought of meeting with him again is exciting . 
 his dark good looks are a night and day difference from adrian 's cheerful demeanor . 
 and that dark thread in luca , the darkness that i see passing over his face ... it draws me in . 
 and i know that my research is not the reason that i want to see him again . 
 chapter six luca i stare out the window of the car , idly watching the green landscape blur past . 
 `` do you want to go straight home ? '' 
 adrian is looking at me in the rear-view mirror and i nod . 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 i return my attention to the outdoors , to the farms and wildlife and beaches that fly past us ; the stone and sand and greenery . 
 adrian always drives too quickly when he chauffeurs for me but i do n't mind . 
 i 'm a fast driver myself and i 'm distracted today anyway . 
 i seldom allow myself to become bothered by things like emotions and sentiment . 
 i ca n't . 
 not if i want to remain sane , if that 's what i am . 
 and i suppose that notion is debatable . 
 but regardless , whether i am sane or not , i can not become wrapped up in worrying about the reactions of those around me . 
 but the look on evangeline 's face as i turned away in the street ... it bothers me . 
 it 's nagging at me . 
 i wanted nothing more than to approach her , to draw her to me like she drew me to her last night in my dream . 
 but i ca n't do that . 
 and i have no way of telling her so without sounding like a deranged lunatic . 
 i can just hear that conversation right now . 
 i 'm sorry , dr. talbot , i 'd really like to get to know you better , maybe even f ** k you , but i 'm a monster and ca n't get near you . 
 yes . 
 i can see where that would go over well . 
 and why have i been reduced to feeling such base instincts around this woman ? 
 i ca n't seem to control my thoughts . 
 but it does n't look like she 's faring any better . 
 for a psychiatrist , evangeline talbot is n't good at concealing her feelings . 
 she wears them on her face for the whole world to see . 
 i recognized that trait in her yesterday . 
 and today , i could see that she wanted to talk to me , she wants to get to know me better . 
 i can tell that she feels the same attraction for me that i feel for her . 
 i ca n't explain it , but it is certainly there . 
 the electricity between us is almost a tangible thing . 
 it is that strong . 
 in fact , it has almost taken on a life of its own . 
 `` luca , are you alright ? '' 
 adrian interrupts my thoughts and as i glance at him , i find his forehead is wrinkled with concern . 
 i smile . 
 he has known me since we were boys and his family has worked for mine for generations . 
 he certainly knows me well . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i tell him . 
 `` just distracted . 
 what are your plans for the day ? '' 
 adrian turns the wheel fluidly as he guides the mercedes along the winding coastal road . 
 he drives with ease , just like he does everything else . 
 everything is easy for him . 
 people , love , life . 
 i 've been envious of that more times than i can count . 
 `` unless you need me for something else , i am planning on servicing your jag this morning , then i am helping tegan repair a broken stall in the stables this afternoon . 
 if you do n't think you 'll have a late night tonight , i have plans to keep . '' 
 `` and miles to go before you sleep ? '' 
 i smile as i recite a line from a favorite poem . 
 adrian shakes his head and laughs . 
 he has never been an academic , so he probably has no idea who i am quoting . 
 `` robert frost , '' i tell him . 
 he rolls his eyes . 
 to be fair , adrian has never needed to be academic . 
 his charm got him through school and when his charm could n't accomplish something , i tutored him . 
 he always knew that his plan in life was to work for my family , like his father before him . 
 he is never serious and usually has plans in town on the weekends . 
 it is nothing new . 
 he loves the bustle and life of the city . 
 i do not . 
 `` that 's fine , '' i tell him absently , answering his question . 
 `` i do n't intend to have a late night . '' 
 adrian noses the car through the massive iron gates leading to chessarae and up the long manicured drive . 
 the difference as we pass onto the property is immediate . 
 it is quiet here , as though the property itself recognizes my need for serenity . 
 i know it is a silly thought , but it is entertaining to believe that the land itself recognizes something within me , a need for peace and solitude . 
 `` will you be visiting your mother this morning ? '' 
 adrian asks this seriously as the car draws to a stop and i open my door . 
 i grit my teeth . 
 it 's friday again . 
 already . 
 i nod curtly and he shakes his head . 
 `` you do n't have to , you know , '' he tells me . 
 `` i do n't know anyone else in their right mind who would . 
 it 's not like she would know the difference anyway . '' 
 `` i would , '' i tell him . 
 and i leave him with the car as i turn and make my way into the house . 
 as i walk through the doors , an instant feeling of reverence passes through my body , as it always does when i return home . 
 this home , this mansion , is a thousand years old . 
 it was built by the knights of malta back when they first occupied the country , when their strength was at its peak . 
 the interior , of course , has been redecorated many times throughout the years , but the exterior has remained the same . 
 heavy stone blocks create a formidable presence . 
 it is ancient and permanent . 
 and it is mine . 
 i wind my way through the house and push through the heavy mahogany doors to my study . 
 each door is carved with the dignified crest of the knights . 
 although my family has never belonged to the order , we have left their imprint on chessarae in homage to their rich history . 
 it gives the house character . 
 i walk straight to the bar that sits behind my desk . 
 if i am visiting my mother today , as i always do on fridays , i will require sustenance . 
 my particular brand of sustenance comes in the form of forty-year old scotch . 
 i pour a glass , neat . 
 i down it in one gulp . 
 i savor the familiar burn in my mouth and then pour another . 
 `` do n't , '' adrian says from the door . 
 he is uncharacteristically somber as he watches me drink . 
 `` do n't do this to yourself , luca . 
 she does n't have the right . '' 
 `` leave me , '' i instruct him . 
 `` you know i have to go . 
 i 'd just as soon do it alone . '' 
 `` but you do n't have to do it at all , '' he insists . 
 `` you do n't have to allow her to treat you as she does . 
 it is n't right . 
 you do n't deserve it . '' 
 `` ah , '' i answer , as i swirl the amber liquid in the glass . 
 `` but therein lies the problem . 
 you know that i do . '' 
 i gulp it down , then thump my glass down on the antique wooden sidebar . 
 it makes a satisfactory clang in the silence and i turn to adrian . 
 `` do n't you have a car to service ? '' 
 i am being an ass and he does n't deserve it . 
 i know that , so i smile at my oldest friend . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 thank you for your concern . '' 
 adrian nods and reluctantly leaves the room . 
 he knows me well enough to know not to push it , particularly on fridays . 
 even still , i find that i do n't want to leave . 
 this study is my solace , my own fortress . 
 the ceilings are extraordinarily tall in here , the walls paneled with cherry and framed with stone . 
 it is dark , it is quiet and it feels like the safest place in the world . 
 it was my father 's before it was mine and his father 's before his and so on . 
 the idea of what these walls have seen , the secrets they must be keeping , is intriguing . 
 and there are days , such as today , that i would just as soon never leave here . 
 but there are days , such as today , when i have unpleasant tasks to attend to . 
 i stride quickly out and down the halls to get this particular thing over with . 
 it takes almost five full minutes to walk from my study doors to my mother 's wing . 
 she has an entire wing of the house all to herself , and many nights , i can see the lights flickering on and off in the various rooms as she is up throughout the night . 
 ever since my father died , since he committed suicide , my mother has not been well . 
 not that she was ever well to begin with . 
 not truly . 
 but she is worse now than she has ever been . 
 now , to put it less than eloquently , she is f ** king insane . 
 i stand for a moment outside of her doors , and i take a deep breath as i pull the key from my pocket and turn it in the lock . 
 i am scared of nothing in this life . 
 but i am not fond of my mother . 
 i push the doors open and find her rooms dark . 
 very dark . 
 her drapes are drawn and it takes a moment for my eyes to adjust to the absence of light . 
 but once they do , once i can see the silhouettes and shapes from within , i still do n't see her . 
 `` sophia ? '' 
 i call out . 
 my mother 's personal attendant has been with us for years . 
 she has tolerated more than any one person should ever tolerate , years of verbal and physical abuse from my mother , yet she still remains . 
 i ca n't imagine why . 
 i would have left long ago . 
 `` sophia ? '' 
 `` yes , mr. minaldi ? '' 
 she appears from nowhere , from the door leading to my mother 's sitting room . 
 she looks tired , as though she has n't slept in a week . 
 her graying hair is disheveled and her clothing is rumpled , which is very unlike her . 
 sophia is not a pretty woman but she is always perfectly groomed , perfectly professional . 
 `` where is my mother ? '' 
 i ask . 
 something passes over sophia 's face and i ca n't read it so i ask . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` nothing , sir . 
 i just do n't know that today is a good day for you to visit . 
 mrs. minaldi has not had a good week . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 i look around and everything in the suite seems to be in place . 
 there have been times when my mother has completely thrashed the place during violent tantrums . 
 nothing appears to be broken now , which is a good sign . 
 sophia sighs . 
 `` she is hallucinating again , '' she tells me tiredly . 
 `` she thinks that she sees your father . 
 it 's all i can do to keep her contained in this wing . '' 
 `` but you keep the doors locked , '' i pointed out . 
 `` even my mother can not escape a locked door . '' 
 `` there are windows , '' sophia answers grimly . 
 i startle as i stare at the walls of windows that line this room . 
 every room in the suite has similar windows . 
 my mother insisted upon it when she was moved to this wing . 
 although her wing is located on the ground floor , the windows are still too high up to climb through . 
 she would probably break every bone in her body if she attempted it . 
 she is frail in her older age . 
 `` what do you suggest ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` bars on them ? '' 
 sophia shrugs . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she answers . 
 `` but she is desperate at times to escape , to find your father . 
 she wants to save him . '' 
 `` her medication is n't working ? '' 
 sophia shrugs again . 
 `` it is more effective at times than others . 
 there are moments when nothing can touch her hysteria . 
 i do n't know what the answer is . '' 
 `` dr. bianchi is on vacation , '' i tell her . 
 `` he wo n't return for two weeks . 
 but we 'll call him when he gets back and see if there is anything we can do . '' 
 `` perhaps a change of environment would be good for her , '' sophia suggests . 
 `` there are homes in town where she can receive twenty-four hour care . 
 perhaps if she is in a place where nicolas never was , it will ease her mind . 
 dr. bianchi has already recommended this . '' 
 i 'm already shaking my head . 
 `` no . 
 my mother would never want strangers to see her in such a way . '' 
 she would rather be dead than that . 
 `` you are a good son , mr. minaldi , '' sophia tells me . 
 i can see the admiration on her face but i do n't deserve it . 
 and since i do n't deserve it , i do n't acknowledge it . 
 `` you never said where she was . '' 
 sophia is hesitant . 
 `` she is resting in her sitting room . '' 
 `` sleeping ? '' 
 i am hopeful . 
 but sophia shakes her head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` sedated ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` well , thank god for small favors . '' 
 sophia smiles at me . 
 `` you can take a break , '' i tell her . 
 `` i 'll sit with her for a bit . '' 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 she asks and her hesitation is back . 
 `` you might need me . '' 
 `` if i do , i 'll call you , '' i assure her . 
 `` go . 
 you deserve a break . '' 
 she nods and slips away and i decide to just get this over with . 
 i find my mother curled on her side on a sofa . 
 she is partially covered with a cashmere throw and her dark eyes are fixed in front of her , staring at nothing . 
 she is small and slight , and the only things i have inherited from her are her dark eyes . 
 my father 's were green . 
 i sit down in the chair next to her . 
 `` mother , how are you feeling today ? '' 
 i have to force the words . 
 i honestly have no wish to speak with her . 
 she does n't answer and at first , i am hopeful that i can simply sit here in silence with her and then slip out unnoticed . 
 i have no such luck . 
 her dark eyes turn toward me , slowly and eerily . 
 i fight the shivers that ripple up my spine . 
 she is a small woman , this woman who gave birth to me . 
 there is no need to feel such trepidation around her . 
 yet , i do . 
 when she looks at me , she sees through me , to the very depths of me . 
 no one else can do that and it shakes the hell out of me . 
 `` you came back . '' 
 her words are throaty and simple . 
 `` i always do , mother , '' i tell her . 
 i start to reach for her hand , but change my mind . 
 i am safer over here . 
 i do n't want to feel her skin . 
 she will feel like ice , as she always does . 
 she turns her head more and now she is looking at me squarely . 
 her eyes are lucid and clear today and i wonder at what she is thinking . 
 i do not have to wonder for long . 
 `` you left me here with that bitch . 
 you do n't love me . '' 
 i sigh . 
 my mother does n't have alzheimer 's . 
 but she does have a wretched form of dementia that causes her to be cruel . 
 `` she 's not a bitch , mother . 
 sophia is good to you . 
 you should be nicer to her . '' 
 my mother sniffs and then delicately sits up , her dark hair tumbling over her shoulders . 
 i eye her warily . 
 she could fly into motion at any time . 
 she watches my hesitation and her mouth stretches into a grotesque smile . 
 `` you are afraid of me ? '' 
 she asks . 
 and her voice is ragged and edgy in this quiet room , this giant room that feels so much like a mausoleum . 
 `` little lukey , are you afraid of your mother ? '' 
 i steel myself against her and i ca n't help but resent her . 
 she sometimes called me lukey as a boy . 
 sometimes it was lovingly and sometimes it was mockingly . 
 even back then , you never knew what you were going to get with her . 
 one moment she was kind and the very next , she was bitter and cold . 
 the constant was that she was always detached . 
 she never wanted to get that close to me , which might be exactly the reason why i do not feel close to her now . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not afraid of you , mother . 
 is there a reason why i should be ? '' 
 as soon as i ask the question , as soon as the words pass my lips , i know it was a mistake . 
 a light ignites in her eyes , an eerie , unnatural light , and i unconsciously lean away from her . 
 `` why , yes , '' she answers . 
 `` yes , there is , lukey . 
 you should always fear me because i know what you are . '' 
 and then she opens her mouth and begins to scream and twist and rock in her seat and i grit my teeth . 
 this is the mother that i know now , the one who may or may not be feigning insanity . 
 this is my life and she is but a piece of it . 
 i close my eyes and let her scream . 
 chapter seven eva what should i wear ? 
 i ask myself this question as i look into my small closet . 
 it 's not that big of a question , because it 's not that big of a closet . 
 i did n't bring a lot of clothing . 
 i choose a simple pair of khaki shorts , a black button up shirt and a pair of black slip-ons . 
 i pull my hair into a low ponytail and slide on some lip-gloss . 
 when in doubt , always go with a classic look . 
 it 's something my mother taught me and it 's always held true . 
 i check the time . 
 6:55 . 
 adrian should be here any moment . 
 for some reason , i feel a little nervous . 
 it 's silly , but true . 
 i have n't had time for dates in so long , first because of medical school , then because of my residency . 
 my personal life took a hard hit , i 'll be the first to admit it . 
 and even though i 'm not truly interested in adrian , at least not long term , it will still be nice to sit down with someone charming for a dinner . 
 and that makes me nervous because i 'm out of practice . 
 i 'll have to make an effort not to psycho-analyze him . 
 men tend to dislike that , if my memory serves me correctly . 
 there is a knock at the door and i glance at the clock . 
 6:59 . 
 he 's right on time , early in fact . 
 i open the door and adrian is smiling at me already . 
 `` hi , '' he says easily . 
 and he hands me a bouquet of wildflowers . 
 i laugh , because i recognize them from my own lawn . 
 `` these look familiar , '' i tell him . 
 `` so you have good taste . '' 
 he laughs too because he knows he 's been caught . 
 `` it 's the thought that counts , right ? '' 
 he tells me . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just left work . 
 i wanted to stop and get you flowers , but i did n't want to be late . '' 
 `` now that is a quandary , '' i agree . 
 `` just a second , let me put these in water . '' 
 `` you look lovely , '' he calls from behind me as i turn and leave the room . 
 `` thank you , '' i call back over my shoulder . 
 i grab a tall glass because i ca n't find a vase and i fill it with water , then set the flowers on the table . 
 `` i 'm ready , '' i tell him as i grab my purse . 
 `` after you , '' he bows low at the door , exaggerated and gentlemanly . 
 i have to laugh again . 
 there is something about adrian 's easy manner that is just so likeable . 
 we laugh and chat all the way to marianne 's and when we walk through the door , she greets us with a warm smile . 
 `` mia bella , '' she says as she kisses my cheeks . 
 `` i see you 've met our resident rogue ! '' 
 and then she kisses adrian 's cheeks too . 
 `` do n't listen to marianne , '' adrian tells me in an exaggerated stage-like whisper . 
 `` it 's all unfounded rumor . 
 i am no such thing . '' 
 `` pish , '' she tells him . 
 `` you 've left more broken hearts behind you than a street-sweeper . 
 you had better not hurt my new little friend . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 and adrian looks completely offended and puzzled . 
 `` i would never . 
 and besides . 
 since when does a street-sweeper break hearts ? '' 
 marianne leans up and smacks adrian on the shoulder . 
 `` you know what i mean , you rascal . 
 a street-sweeper bowls over everything in its path , much like you do . '' 
 and she smiles again . 
 `` let me show you to a table . 
 i 'm happy that you will be here to keep eva company . 
 as long as you behave yourself , that is . '' 
 and she turns to show us to our table and adrian leans toward me . 
 `` i see you have a fan club already . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` people like me . '' 
 he grins and i grin back . 
 `` i 'm kidding . 
 she 's a very nice lady . 
 she felt sorry for me last night since i was in here alone . 
 she does n't realize that where i 'm from , that 's very normal . 
 a woman can eat alone and it 's not a tragedy . '' 
 adrian shakes his head . 
 `` not true . 
 anytime you are eating alone , it is a tragedy for mankind . 
 you should never be alone . 
 there should always be someone with you to appreciate your beauty . '' 
 i have to shake my head again at his blatant and sugary flirting and i can see what marianne means . 
 i 'm quite positive that adrian has broken more hearts than he knows what to do with and probably completely by accident . 
 thankfully , i know that i 'm not interested in a relationship with him . 
 i know that because when i am ready , it will be with someone who turns my heart inside out . 
 someone like luca minaldi . 
 the thought pops unbidden into my head , just as thoughts of him have been springing up right and left since i met him . 
 i shake them away . 
 this is ridiculous . 
 i 'm here with a handsome and charming man . 
 i 'm going to enjoy it , not spend it thinking of luca minaldi . 
 so i do . 
 we talk and sip at wine for hours . 
 i eat more breadsticks than i know what to do with . 
 adrian laughs because i 'm so skinny but can apparently eat my weight in bread . 
 `` i do n't know where you put it all , eve , '' he tells me , his eyes sparkling . 
 `` my name is n't eve , '' i tell him . 
 `` it 's eva . '' 
 `` i know , '' he answers . 
 `` but you are beautiful enough that you could tempt me into anything , even eating from the tree of life . 
 so to me , you will always be eve . '' 
 `` i do n't know if that 's a compliment , '' i tell him and i know my cheeks are flushed from the wine . 
 `` you 're comparing me to someone who was the fall of mankind . '' 
 he laughs and lifts his wineglass . 
 `` here 's to temptation . '' 
 and i laugh and toast with him , but honestly , this conversation makes me a little uneasy . 
 i feel a strange pressure now to return the admiration that he feels for me . 
 and honestly , i just do n't . 
 and it 's not that i do n't think he 's attractive . 
 clearly , he is attractive . 
 and he 's charming and sweet . 
 and i like him . 
 but when i think of him , i think of a golden retriever . 
 happy , loyal , not too deep . 
 i think i need a man with substance . 
 like luca minaldi . 
 ugh . 
 there he is again . 
 my thoughts are not safe from him , night or day . 
 i dreamed of him last night and today he has been running rampant in there . 
 i once again put him out of my mind as i make polite small talk with adrian . 
 i feel suddenly rude , suddenly fake . 
 i hope that adrian has n't noticed that i am not as engaged in our conversation now as i was . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i ca n't help what i feel , but i can help how i act . 
 so i smile brightly as adrian tells me about growing up in malta . 
 `` it was a lovely childhood , '' he tells me . 
 `` i grew up on an estate outside of town . 
 it was peaceful and very quiet and i had the full run of the place . 
 but it was a little too quiet , you know ? 
 i like city life . '' 
 `` see , i 'm just the opposite , '' i answer . 
 `` i love the country and the quiet . 
 i love people , but i like to return to my empty house at the end of the night and re-charge . 
 i guess i 'm an introvert in that way . 
 you 're an extrovert through and through . 
 being with people feeds your energy . '' 
 `` you are right on the money with that , '' adrian laughs . 
 `` i do love to be with people . 
 my boss , who happens to have been a childhood friend , is just the opposite . 
 he would never come out if he can help it , a total introvert . 
 i do n't really understand it . '' 
 marianne comes back to our table with another bottle of wine , but i stop her before she can open it . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i tell her , as i look at my watch . 
 `` i 've still got work to do tonight and i need to get up early tomorrow . 
 i really should go . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` will i see you tomorrow , sweet ? 
 i 'll save you a table . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` of course . 
 i ca n't eat my own cooking , trust me . 
 i 'll be here for dinner . '' 
 she kisses me and i marvel in the fact that she has accepted me so quickly . 
 it 's refreshing . 
 people back home are slightly more suspicious and hardened toward strangers and i know that that is a cultural thing on both counts . 
 adrian picks up the check , even though i try to insist that i would like to buy my own . 
 but he is insistent , so i allow it this time . 
 once he pays it , we are once again out in the night breeze . 
 `` i love this , '' i say as i sniff at the brisk and salty sea air . 
 `` i could breathe this for the rest of my life . 
 it makes for such a good night 's sleep . '' 
 `` true , '' adrian answers as he slips an arm around my shoulders . 
 `` and it makes for intimate date nights , too . '' 
 i look at him and shake my head , but i do n't remove his arm . 
 the breeze is chilly and his arm is warm . 
 `` you 're not getting into my pants tonight , '' i tell him bluntly . 
 `` just so you know . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` you americans . 
 you 're always right to the point . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` i suppose . 
 you should just know that my heart is n't going to be broken by you and left behind your steam-roller . '' 
 he laughs again . 
 `` i think you mean street-sweeper . '' 
 `` that too . '' 
 we round the corner and step onto my drive and i stop short . 
 a shiny black jaguar is parked in front of my cottage . 
 and luca minaldi is sitting on my porch steps . 
 his dark eyes briefly flicker over my face , over adrian 's arm that is wrapped loosely around my shoulders , over the entire scene . 
 i wonder what it looks like to him , but do n't take the time to dwell on it . 
 `` luca , '' i say as we approach . 
 `` what a nice surprise . '' 
 and it is . 
 i 'm surprised by the jolting thrill that shoots through me when i see him . 
 what is even more surprising though , is adrian 's reaction . 
 `` luca , what are you doing here ? '' 
 adrian asks . 
 `` is everything alright ? '' 
 i glance sharply at adrian and then our conversation from marianne 's comes back to me . 
 he grew up on an estate outside of town with a boss who does n't like people . 
 he works for luca . 
 luca looks at him . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he tells him . 
 `` it 's my mother . '' 
 and then he shifts his attention to me . 
 `` dr. talbot , i realize that this is an imposition , but could you possibly take a look at her ? 
 she 's been despondent all day and we can not calm her down . 
 her doctor is out of town for the next two weeks . 
 i 'm not sure what to do with her . '' 
 `` you could take her to the hospital , '' i suggest . 
 but adrian is already shaking his head . 
 `` no , we ca n't do that . 
 she would hate the publicity . 
 would you mind coming to look ? '' 
 it is adrian who is asking me now and i find it sweet that he is so loyal to his employer . 
 he said we , as if the problem is also his . 
 i add loyal to his list and then look back to luca . 
 luca 's expression is unreadable and as dark as always . 
 but his eyes , there is something deep within his eyes , something vulnerable and sad , that does me in and i find myself nodding . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm not licensed to practice medicine in malta , so i ca n't prescribe her any medication , but i can come take a look at her . '' 
 `` thank you , '' luca tells me and his voice is sincere . 
 `` i appreciate it more than you know . '' 
 i only just now notice that he is holding a bag . 
 he sees me notice it and he holds it out . 
 `` i did n't come empty handed , '' he tells me . 
 for the first time , i see the hint of a smile on his lips . 
 `` i brought you a house-warming gift . '' 
 i eye it curiously as he hands it to me . 
 i peer into the bag and ca n't help but laugh . 
 there are two cans of aerosol insecticide nestled within tissue paper . 
 the black and red labels on them announce that they are guaranteed to rid a house of common and pesky spiders . 
 i look up at luca and grin . 
 `` practical , yet thoughtful . 
 thank you . '' 
 he smiles back , and for the first time , it seems to really reach his eyes and warm them . 
 they seem like milk chocolate now . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 i wo n't always be in the neighborhood when spawns of satan come calling . 
 i thought you should be protected . '' 
 i smile and shake my head , embarrassed once again at how terrified i had been of that spider . 
 `` thank you . 
 now , i 'll run this inside and grab a bag and then i 'll be ready . '' 
 i brush past him to get inside and i know the instant i touch him . 
 he is hard and masculine and he smells like spicy musk . 
 i inhale slightly as i pass and his eyes meet mine . 
 there is a connection there , a charged and potent connection . 
 it 's like he does n't see anyone or anything else in the world but me , as though i have his complete and undivided attention . 
 but the moment quickly passes when he turns away to speak with adrian . 
 i drop the spider spray in the kitchen and then hurry to stuff a stethoscope and various other things that i might need into a small bag before i join them back outside . 
 `` i 'm ready , '' i announce . 
 both men nod and both men gesture toward their cars . 
 i stop and look at them . 
 adrian looks expectant . 
 i was , after all , just on a date with him . 
 it would be perfectly normal for me to ride with him . 
 he is standing next to a dark blue mercedes , waiting for me to join him . 
 luca stands still , completely quiet , next to his black jaguar . 
 he looks at me , but does n't say anything , his face still expressionless . 
 he does n't ask me , implore me or expect anything from me . 
 he just waits for me to choose him . 
 and honestly , i know there is nothing else i can do . 
 he draws me to him like a magnet . 
 i walk straight to him and he opens his car door for me . 
 and although he does n't say anything , and i might be mistaken , i think that i see a slight smile as i duck into his car . 
 he closes the door behind me and as he does , i catch a glimpse of adrian 's face in the side mirror . 
 he is n't happy about my decision and i find that silly . 
 i just chose a car to drive in after all . 
 but as luca slides into the driver 's seat and the car engine roars to life , he brings with him his intense energy and i am once again mesmerized by his unique presence . 
 and i wonder if the decision that i just made is as inconsequential as it would seem . 
 the night speeds past us as luca drives . 
 he 's a fast driver , but i see in the side mirror that adrian is right behind us . 
 he hugs our tail as we curve through the country roads . 
 `` what are your mother 's symptoms ? '' 
 i ask luca . 
 he does n't take his eyes from the road as he answers . 
 `` my mother has had dementia for years . 
 it has gotten progressively worse and although she is medicated , some days are worse than others . 
 she hallucinates quite a bit , even when she is taking no medication at all . '' 
 `` so her hallucinations stem from her own mind , rather than a side effect of medication , '' i answer . 
 he nods . 
 `` how old is your mother ? '' 
 `` sixty four . '' 
 `` is she in good health otherwise ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 physically , she 's in perfect condition . '' 
 `` what is she doing right now that is causing you such alarm ? '' 
 he glances at me . 
 `` i 'm not alarmed . 
 it 's just a new behavior . 
 she 's been screaming all day . 
 she wo n't stop . '' 
 i look at him . 
 `` screaming ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` you said that she is medicated . 
 does she have sedatives ? '' 
 he nods again . 
 `` yes . 
 and she has been sedated today . 
 heavily . 
 it does no good . '' 
 he glances at me once again , his gaze dark in the night , before he returns his attention to the road . 
 `` i apologize if i interrupted a date . '' 
 i am startled by the fact that i do n't want him to believe that it was , even if it is the truth . 
 i 'm not going to make excuses , however . 
 i am a grown woman and i do n't need to explain myself to anyone . 
 `` i met adrian in town today , '' i answer instead . 
 `` he was kind enough to stop and talk to me , then invite me to dinner . '' 
 i am pointedly reminding luca that he ignored me earlier . 
 and he gets my point . 
 and then he smiles about my point . 
 `` yes , adrian is good like that . 
 he loves people , women in particular . 
 i would have been surprised and disappointed in him had he not tried to date you . 
 it would have been ever so out of his character . '' 
 and somehow , i feel like i 've been pushed back into my place , as though luca is telling me that i 'm just one of many . 
 that adrian simply loves women . 
 which may or may not be the case and it does n't really matter to me . 
 `` he is good company , '' i answer simply . 
 `` very friendly . '' 
 `` oh , he is that , '' luca agrees . 
 he turns the car up onto a drive and passes beneath large gates . 
 the name chessarae is scrawled in the iron above us and the mansion itself looms on the horizon , rising out of the dark and clouds like something out of a movie . 
 i ca n't help but stare because it is magnificent . 
 `` welcome to my home , '' luca says as he pulls the car up front . 
 he quickly gets out and walks around to open my door . 
 he has impeccable manners . 
 i add that to his list . 
 adrian has pulled past us and disappeared around the side of the house . 
 i can only assume that he is putting the car away . 
 luca leads the way to the front door , where he holds the door open for me and gestures for me to pass . 
 as i do , as i cross the threshold into his home , i wonder just what exactly i am getting myself into . 
 chapter eight chessarae is magnificent and enormous . 
 it takes several minutes to wind our way through the front doors and the sparkling , perfectly decorated house before we find ourselves standing in front of melina minaldi 's bedroom doors . 
 luca is slightly in front of me , adrian is to my right and we 're all three staring at each other as we listen to the wailing coming from within . 
 it 's horrific and filled with angst ; and it causes chills to run up my spine . 
 i do n't hesitate . 
 i push at the doors , but they wo n't open . 
 luca quickly pulls out a key . 
 `` you keep them locked ? '' 
 i am surprised by this . 
 he nods . 
 `` we have to . '' 
 he inserts it , turns it and opens the door for me , holding it as i pass . 
 `` wait , '' he tells me . 
 `` let 's see where she is . '' 
 he 's hesitant and that surprises me . 
 luca is so strong and confident , yet he is leery of his mother ? 
 i once again wonder what i 've gotten myself into as we tread quietly through her rooms , following the sounds of her screams . 
 we find her perched like a bird on a window sill , staring out over the estate . 
 her white filmy dressing gown hangs over the ledge and i can see from here that there is a beautiful view of the sea and the moon from where she is sitting . 
 but she is n't enjoying it . 
 her face , which is normally lovely i am sure , is twisted at the moment into something unrecognizable as human . 
 i ca n't help but suck in my breath at the eeriness of this situation . 
 luca hears it and turns to me . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` would you like to leave ? '' 
 and his face is softer in this moment than i have seen it yet . 
 he sounds concerned and even a little bit protective , but then it is gone just as soon as it was there . 
 he politely waits for my answer . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i tell him . 
 `` this is what i do . 
 nothing surprises me anymore . '' 
 i approach melina quietly and calmly . 
 and instead of trying to talk to her , i sit on the opposite side of the window ledge and watch her . 
 she screams for a few minutes more and then she stops , staring at me . 
 in her agitation , her eyes are as black as night and i can see where luca inherited his . 
 hers are as fathomless as his . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she asks me . 
 i can hear in her voice that she is lucid , and i can see it in her eyes , as well . 
 she knows exactly what she is doing . 
 so the question remaining is : why is she doing it ? 
 `` my name is evangeline talbot , '' i tell her . 
 `` i 'm american and i 'm here on your beautiful island for the summer . 
 who are you ? '' 
 she looks surprised by my question . 
 i 'm sure that she certainly is n't used to it . 
 everyone knows the minaldis on this island . 
 she probably has n't had to introduce herself in years and years . 
 but she looks at me squarely in the eye and extends her hand , her chin raised regally in the air . 
 `` i 'm melina minaldi , '' she says gracefully . 
 and i can see that she is proud of that fact . 
 she is proud of who she is . 
 but most importantly , she knows her name . 
 this is an important gauge of her sanity . 
 `` it 's very nice to meet you , '' i tell her . 
 `` you have absolutely lovely skin , mrs. minaldi . 
 whatever do you use on it ? '' 
 as i speak , i slide my fingers along her wrist , along her pulsepoint . 
 i pretend to feel the softness of her skin , but truly i am checking her pulse . 
 it is steady and slow , not erratic and fluttery as i would expect from someone in a psychotic melt-down . 
 `` i use a cream that my mother used , '' she tells me . 
 `` it 's made from crushed pearls . '' 
 `` well , you can tell , '' i answer her . 
 `` your skin is glowing . 
 you do n't look a day over thirty-five . '' 
 `` ha ! '' 
 she crows . 
 `` i 'm sixty-four and i 've earned every line on my face . '' 
 so she knows her age . 
 i 'm secretly probing her , trying to gauge how much of reality she is still living in . 
 someone with advanced dementia does n't remember details like their age . 
 `` well , '' i answer . 
 `` your pearl moisturizer must be doing its job . 
 you barely have even one line . '' 
 she sticks her chin higher in the air and i see the light reflected from her eyes . 
 they are slightly glassy , a tell-tale sign of the sedatives that she has taken today . 
 i 'm surprised she 's not sound asleep by now . 
 `` my mother always insisted that i get eight hours of sleep per night , '' i tell her . 
 `` she said if i do n't , i will age well before my time . 
 she says it is the fastest way to get wrinkles . '' 
 melina looks dismayed and she drops her legs from her curled up position , allowing them to swing from the ledge as she looks at me . 
 she trusts me now that we are sharing beauty secrets . 
 her body language tells me so . 
 `` does your mother have skin like yours ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yes , she does . '' 
 `` then your mother must be very wise . '' 
 i smile at her , trying to instill confidence in her . 
 she wo n't listen to me if she does n't continue to trust me . 
 `` have you slept today , mrs. minaldi ? 
 you look a little tired . 
 you should make sure you get your eight hours in . '' 
 she looks pensive . 
 she does n't even glance at adrian or luca . 
 it 's like they are n't even in the room . 
 finally , after she thinks about it a moment , she nods . 
 `` i am a little tired , '' she tells me in a conspiratorial whisper . 
 `` i have n't been sleeping well lately . '' 
 she starts to get up and i take her elbow , helping her from the ledge . 
 she barely weighs more than a feather , her arms strikingly thin . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we should do something about that . 
 it 's not good to not sleep well . 
 women like us need our beauty sleep . '' 
 she looks pleased by that as she walks toward what i hope is her bedroom . 
 i continue to hold her elbow . 
 `` yes , '' she agrees . 
 `` beautiful women like us deserve beauty sleep . 
 we are n't like the others , you know . 
 we 're special . 
 my nicolas always tells me so . '' 
 i look at her face now and it is open and honest . 
 this does n't seem to be an act . 
 she truly does believe that nicolas is here in the present tense . 
 she was faking her psychotic episode but she 's not faking her belief that nicolas is alive . 
 `` well , '' i tell her as i ease her into her giant bed and pull her downy comforter up to her chin . 
 `` nicolas must be very wise for a man . 
 they do n't usually know so much about women . '' 
 we laugh together like we know a secret and i know that i have won her over . 
 she curls onto her side and closes her eyes . 
 i am just turning away when i hear her whisper . 
 i turn back . 
 `` what was that , mrs. minaldi ? '' 
 her eyes are open , black as night , and she looks into mine . 
 her gaze is fierce now . 
 `` you should leave now , evangeline . '' 
 i startle at the harsh tone of her voice . 
 it is a night and day difference from her laughter a moment ago . 
 `` why ? 
 `` i ask . 
 `` because chessarae is dangerous for you . 
 my son is evil . '' 
 she closes her eyes again and does n't reopen them . 
 i feel frozen as i turn and find luca . 
 his gaze is dark and mine is tied to it . 
 i ca n't look away from the pained expression that he is wearing . 
 but he closes his eyes briefly , then turns away . 
 he 's not going to acknowledge what she said . 
 i know that right now . 
 he motions toward the door and the three of us leave . 
 as we do , luca locks the door behind us . 
 `` you were very good with her , '' he tells me as we walk away . 
 `` i 've never seen her take to someone like that before . '' 
 `` it 's just something i 've learned , '' i tell him . 
 `` people are much more inclined to be cooperative if they do n't know that you 're probing them for information . '' 
 `` that 's probably true in all levels of life , '' luca agrees . 
 and his eyes ! 
 his eyes draw me to him . 
 they are filled with so many things , dark things , pained things ; and the psychiatrist and woman in me wants to discover what has hurt him . 
 because clearly , even though he is strong and confident on the outside , there is trauma lurking on the inside . 
 the average person probably would n't see it , but i can . 
 luca looks at adrian . 
 `` adrian , i wo n't be requiring anything further tonight . 
 thank you very much for staying late . '' 
 adrian looks surprised , because it is clear that luca is dismissing him . 
 it 's also clear that he is n't used to being dismissed . 
 he looks almost confused as he looks to me , but what can i say ? 
 adrian does n't work for me . 
 finally , he nods and turns to me . 
 `` i had a very nice time tonight , eve , '' he tells me , his charming tone back in full swing . 
 `` we 'll have to do it again soon . '' 
 i smile and he hugs me quickly before he leaves us . 
 luca does n't miss a moment of the exchange and i can feel his dark gaze on my skin . 
 `` would you come with me for a few minutes ? '' 
 he asks politely . 
 `` i 'd like to speak to you about my mother . '' 
 `` of course , '' i tell him . 
 he leads the way through the massive house and i soon find myself in a dark and masculine study . 
 luca gestures toward a leather seat . 
 `` please sit , '' he tells me . 
 `` make yourself comfortable . 
 would you like a drink ? '' 
 `` i would love one , '' i tell him . 
 he crosses the room in three strides and pours two glasses of what looks to be scotch . 
 he walks back and hands me a glass half-filled with the amber liquid . 
 while i am standing next to him , i can practically feel the power emanating from him . 
 he 's the type of person who has been born into it . 
 it has been cultivated in him from the time he was an infant and it shows . 
 power and money are in every molecular strand in his body . 
 he is definitely a force to be reckoned with . 
 `` to sanity , '' luca says , tipping his glass toward mine . 
 and then he downs his in one gulp . 
 i take a tentative sip and realize quickly that i was correct . 
 it 's scotch . 
 neat . 
 without one ounce of tonic or even an ice cube to dilute it . 
 it burns my mouth and warms my chest as it slides smoothly down . 
 but for some reason , i do n't want him to know that it makes me want to gag and cough . 
 i want to seem unfazed , so i drink the rest in two gulps and hand luca back the empty glass . 
 it is worth my numb lips because there is approval in his eyes as he takes it . 
 `` are n't you going to ask ? '' 
 he says as he sets the glasses down on a heavy wooden side table . 
 he is still staring at me and his gaze makes me feel like my skin will be ablaze soon . 
 `` ask what ? '' 
 i feel slightly woozy already from the scotch . 
 and to be honest , i 'm also woozy from being so near to luca minaldi . 
 for several different reasons , he has an interesting effect on me . 
 `` would n't you like to ask me if you 're safe here with me ? '' 
 i look at him , remembering his mother 's startling words . 
 my son is evil . 
 `` am i ? '' 
 i ask and my voice is barely a murmur . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 luca 's voice is quiet in the study , as dark as the night surrounding us , and i suddenly feel like i should run , somewhere far away from here . 
 but at the same time , i know that i wo n't . 
 i am ridiculously drawn to this man and the more i find out about him , the more i want to know . 
 so i shake my head . 
 `` i 'm not afraid . '' 
 luca looks at me again and i do n't see one ounce of the vulnerability that i have seen there before . 
 instead , he is expressionless once more and darkly handsome . 
 `` well , that 's the rub , '' he answers . 
 `` you should be . '' 
 chapter nine luca i watch her absorb my words , drawing them into her body as she thinks about them . 
 her face , for once , is impassive . 
 evangeline is n't showing her hand . 
 `` why should i fear you ? '' 
 she finally asks . 
 she is trying to act unruffled . 
 but i can see that she is nervous . 
 her slender hands fidget in her lap as she tries to sit still . 
 `` oh , we do n't really have the time to get into that this evening , '' i tell her . 
 `` there will be other nights , i 'm sure . 
 i do n't want to scare you away so soon , dr. talbot . '' 
 `` i 've told you , '' she says . 
 `` call me eva . '' 
 i look at her long and hard and she fidgets under my gaze . 
 on some base level , i find satisfaction in that . 
 she is very unflappable . 
 the fact that i have gotten beneath her skin says something . 
 `` ah , we 've already gone over that , have n't we ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we are n't yet friends . '' 
 she lifts her chin and i can see her cheeks are flushed . 
 have i offended her or is it the effects of the scotch ? 
 she downed hers like a sailor , something that i was n't expecting . 
 i could tell she did n't like it . 
 women usually do n't , but she certainly hid it well . 
 `` as you like , '' she answers . 
 i almost smile , but do n't . 
 i offended her . 
 the capable , no-nonsense dr. talbot might be more sensitive than she seems . 
 `` why does adrian call you eve ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the question is out before i think about it . 
 i had n't meant to ask , but ever since i heard him do it , i 've wanted to know . 
 her eyes meet mine quickly . 
 she is surprised . 
 and flustered . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` it 's silly . 
 it 's a private joke , i guess . '' 
 `` why is it private ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you just met him this morning . 
 how private can it be ? '' 
 the idea that adrian would share anything private with her is instantly annoying . 
 she shakes her head again . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just do n't feel like explaining it . 
 it sounds silly out loud . '' 
 `` you 're embarrassed ? '' 
 and now i 'm the one who is surprised . 
 `` i would n't have thought that you embarrass easily , dr. talbot . '' 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 but that 's a lie . 
 i can tell by the flush lining her graceful cheekbones . 
 i resist the urge to run my thumbs over the color , to trace the way the delicate color curls over her cheeks and illuminates her face . 
 it 's becoming on her . 
 so , i tell her that . 
 she flushes even deeper and i have to smile . 
 `` or maybe you just embarrass easily with me , '' i muse , watching her lips press together until they turn white at the corners . 
 `` you do n't like me much , do you ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 she 's once again the one who is surprised as she turns her face toward mine . 
 `` why ever would you think that ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` it 's just an observation , '' i answer . 
 `` you seem on edge around me . '' 
 `` that might be because you told me that i 'm not safe around you , '' she replies , her chin lifted in the air . 
 i smile wider and she sucks in a breath . 
 i do affect her . 
 and i like that . 
 it only seems fair since she affects me in a very similar way . 
 the fact that the crotch of my pants shrinks two sizes whenever she is near is evidence of that . 
 `` valid point , '' i concede . 
 `` but you have n't asked why . '' 
 she shrugs , her shoulders thin and elegant . 
 `` does it matter ? 
 unsafe is unsafe whatever the reason . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` very true . 
 you 're very astute . '' 
 she nods too , cool now . 
 `` yes , i am . 
 now , what were you wanting to discuss about your mother ? '' 
 `` to the point . 
 i like that , '' i tell her . 
 i pour another scotch and hand it to her , taking one for myself . 
 she does n't refuse it . 
 i 'm impressed once again . 
 i sit down in the chair facing her . 
 `` i would like to hire you , '' i say simply . 
 she is impassive as she stares at me , the scotch glass in her lap . 
 `` i 'm not licensed to practice medicine here , '' she answers calmly . 
 her eyes , such a unique color , are glued to mine . 
 her stare is unwavering and once again , i am impressed with her . 
 she has such poise . 
 i briefly wonder if it is a result of her training . 
 `` that is no matter , '' i answer . 
 `` my mother can continue to have her medications prescribed by her current physician . 
 you can work hand in hand with him . 
 but she reacts differently with you , far better than she reacts with him . 
 she was calmer in a matter of minutes with you than i have seen her in months . 
 if you had that effect on her every day , it would make my life much , much easier . 
 even though my mother and i have a. . . 
 tenuous relationship , i want her to be comfortable . 
 i will pay you handsomely , dr. talbot . '' 
 she is quiet for a moment as she looks down at her hands , at the scotch glass , then back up to me . 
 `` i 'm here to finish my dissertation , luca . 
 i do n't have the time to be a round-the-clock attendant . 
 i do n't wish to sound rude , but i am here in malta for a reason and i only have the summer to complete it . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' i tell her . 
 `` but i do n't want you to be a round-the-clock attendant . 
 you 're a doctor , not a nurse aide . 
 i would simply like to pay you to visit with her once a day or so . 
 and if she has episodes like she had today , then i could call you and you could come and talk her down like you did this evening . 
 it should n't be too taxing for you and i would compensate you very well for your time . 
 surely you would like to pay your student loans off early . '' 
 she stares at me , once again impassive , although i had expected her to be surprised or impressed by the implication that i would pay her quite so well . 
 `` perhaps . 
 i 'll consider it . 
 but first , i need for you to tell me why mrs. minaldi feels that chessarae is dangerous . 
 why does she think that you are evil ? '' 
 i take a moment , studying evangeline 's face as she waits for my answer . 
 she 's calm , cool and very collected . 
 she does n't seem to believe my mother 's words . 
 if she did , she would n't be here right now . 
 instead , she is waiting for me to refute them . 
 i do n't . 
 i say , `` my mother is suffering from dementia , dr. talbot . 
 it is hard to imagine why she says the things that she does . '' 
 `` yes , '' evangeline answers slowly . 
 `` about that . 
 your mother 's presence of mind is not as altered as i would have thought . 
 she knows her name and her age . 
 her pulse is slow and steady . 
 i do n't believe her psychosis is as advanced as she would have you think . 
 it is there , to be sure . 
 she does believe that your father is still alive . 
 however , i have seen cases like this before . 
 a person 's grief is so overwhelming that in order to protect themselves , they concoct a new world , one in which their loved one still remains . 
 that could be why your mother is so focused on you . 
 perhaps she is making you a villain in order to somehow shield herself from some internal guilt , rather than taking it onto herself . '' 
 i am impressed that she gathered all of this from ten minutes with my mother . 
 so i tell her that . 
 i do n't hand out compliments easily , although there is no way she could know that . 
 she smiles . 
 `` it 's what i do , luca . 
 i think your mother has the presence of mind to manipulate you . 
 she 's faking psychotic episodes in order to control you . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` you gathered this from one meeting ? '' 
 evangeline nods , confident in her assessment . 
 `` my thesis project revolves around studying the personality traits of a person based on the initial meeting . 
 it 's a skill i 've gotten quite good at . 
 why would you mother want to manipulate you ? '' 
 i shrug and take another drink . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 evangeline stares at me . 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 i meet her gaze and she is trying to figure me out , to take me apart mentally , thought by thought . 
 i almost laugh . 
 that will never happen . 
 no one on the planet will be able to figure me out . 
 it 's a feat that i have n't accomplished myself . 
 `` it matters , '' she answers . 
 `` if you want me to help your mother , you have to help me . 
 you ca n't lie to me . 
 that would just hinder the process . '' 
 `` so i 'm a process now ? '' 
 i set my glass down purposefully on the table , then lean toward her . 
 the space between us is narrowing by the moment , charged with the energy that we create . 
 i rest my hand on her slender knee , very lightly , as if to emphasize my point . 
 she sucks in her breath . 
 `` i 'm many things , evangeline . 
 but a process is n't one of them . '' 
 she shakes her head , flustered , ignoring the fact that i am touching her . 
 `` you 're not a process , '' she answers . 
 `` you 're a mystery , an enigma . 
 and if i could figure you out , i 'm sure i could help your mother . '' 
 `` i think you 've got that backward , '' i tell her bluntly , removing my hand and easing back in my seat , breaking the spell . 
 and then i wish i had n't said a thing because her eyes light up and widen with a revelation . 
 `` you think i could help you if i figure out your mother ? 
 do you need help , luca ? '' 
 i smile at her question and i can feel the taste of grim reality on my lips . 
 `` evangeline , i need more help than you will ever know . 
 but i 'm a lost cause . '' 
 `` i do n't believe in lost causes , luca . '' 
 her words are soft , her tone even softer . 
 she reaches over and puts her hand over mine and hers is pale against my darker skin . 
 it is slender and small , and although something urges me to grasp it with my own , i remain motionless . 
 it is one thing to touch her when i am in control , but it is quite another when she is trying to comfort me . 
 i can hardly trust myself to remain aloof . 
 `` there 's a first time for everything , '' i answer . 
 she starts to say something , but i interrupt her . 
 `` but let 's focus on my mother for the time being . 
 will you help her ? '' 
 evangeline is silent as she considers it , but it only takes her a moment before she nods . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll do what i can . '' 
 her voice is whisper soft in the silence of my study . 
 `` when can you start ? '' 
 `` immediately . '' 
 it 's the right answer . 
 chapter ten eva i ca n't figure luca out . 
 one moment he seems vulnerable and the very next , he is once again the powerful luca minaldi that the rest of the world sees . 
 it is frustrating and i feel as though i need to take my internal list of his character traits and tear it into pieces . 
 i 'm never going to get it right . 
 `` i ca n't figure you out , '' i tell him . 
 `` i do n't know what to make of you . '' 
 he is standing at the windows of his study , looking out over the property . 
 in the light of the moon , he is slender and masculine , a striking figure against the window panes . 
 he turns and i swear that my heart begins to race . 
 he has a profound and unexplainable effect on me . 
 `` i do n't know that you are supposed to , '' he replies . 
 his voice is husky and deep . 
 `` my family is complex , evangeline . 
 am i correct to assume that everything that you learn here is protected by doctor-patient confidentiality ? '' 
 i nod , not gracing that with an answer . 
 a small smile tugs at the corners of luca 's lips . 
 `` good . 
 i should also mention that i prefer that my employees do n't involve themselves with each other romantically . 
 will that be a problem ? '' 
 he 's staring at me again with those inky eyes and i know he 's talking about adrian . 
 and i should be furious that he would try to control me in such a way , because i know that 's exactly what he 's doing . 
 he knows that adrian and i had dinner , he watched us return to my house . 
 and i am annoyed . 
 but more than that , i am fascinated . 
 he 's intrigued enough with me to want to interfere ? 
 my heart races once more . 
 i know it should n't . 
 i know i should be overwhelmingly offended at this maneuver . 
 but on the same token , i 'm a strong enough woman that i can handle him . 
 i can handle anything . 
 `` i seldom date at all , luca . 
 so while generally i would tell you that you do n't have the right to tell me who i can or can not see romantically , it probably wo n't be an issue . 
 if it does become one , i 'll let you know . '' 
 i keep my voice cool . 
 luca looks surprised and satisfied at once , but he does n't comment . 
 he simply nods . 
 `` my mother seems to be at her worst in the evening hours . 
 if you could schedule your daily visit with her during that time , i would sincerely appreciate it , '' he tells me . 
 i nod . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll begin tomorrow after dinner . '' 
 `` perfect . '' 
 luca is curt now as he adjusts one of his cufflinks . 
 `` i 'll be happy to drive you home . 
 i 'm sure you are tired . 
 i do thank you for coming out here so late . '' 
 `` you 're quite welcome . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` you 're going to drive me yourself ? 
 do n't you have staff for that ? '' 
 the corner of his mouth twitches again . 
 `` yes . 
 but adrian is finished with his duties for the night . 
 i 'm not a slave-driver . 
 my staff members receive time off . 
 i 'll take you myself . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i answer simply . 
 he gestures toward the door and i walk ahead of him . 
 i pause at the door and he opens it , then leads the way through the rest of the house . 
 the house is quiet and darkened and i do n't see any signs of other staff members . 
 however , i decide that it is n't that odd . 
 it is late , after all . 
 they have probably turned in for the night . 
 we step into the fragrant maltese night and luca opens the car door . 
 i slide inside , enveloped by the luxurious leather seat . 
 the engine roars to life and we are once more on the road . 
 `` are you enjoying malta so far ? '' 
 luca asks politely , making small talk after a few minutes of silence . 
 `` so far , '' i answer . 
 `` i have n't been here long , but it is truly a beautiful place . '' 
 `` that it is , '' he agrees . 
 `` but like anywhere , it has its downfalls . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 i ask doubtfully . 
 `` i find it difficult to believe that malta has any . 
 it is so lovely . '' 
 luca steers the car fluidly around a sharp curve . 
 `` well , dr. talbot , as i 'm sure you are aware , beauty can often be deceiving . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 `` are you saying that malta is deceiving ? '' 
 he glances at me . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm saying that like anywhere else , malta is n't perfect . 
 it has secrets and issues of its own . '' 
 `` issues of its own , '' i repeat . 
 `` just like anyone . 
 even you , mr. minaldi . '' 
 he smiles now , his teeth white in the night . 
 i am struck once again by his masculine beauty . 
 i decide that his car suits him . 
 he is like a jaguar himself . 
 lean , sleek and muscular . 
 `` so i 'm mr. minaldi now ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` until we 're friends . '' 
 he smiles again and i smile back . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 unlocking luca 's personality will be a challenge , but it will be an enjoyable one . 
 and i suddenly realize that i like making him smile . 
 it 's like the clouds suddenly lift from his face and the sun shines once again . 
 it is a silly thought , but it is the most fitting i can think of . 
 luca is such a commanding presence that his mood has a tangible and noticeable effect on the atmosphere around us . 
 it is like nothing i 've ever seen . 
 he pulls into my driveway and i find that i wish the drive had been longer . 
 `` here you are , dr. talbot , '' he tells me . 
 he opens his door , walks around the car and then opens mine . 
 `` thank you again for coming this evening . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , '' i tell him . 
 `` i am glad i could help . '' 
 he starts to get into his car , then stops . 
 `` dr. talbot . '' 
 i look back over my shoulder at him . 
 he is staring at me with a strange light in his eyes , something i have n't yet seen in him . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` make sure you lock your doors . 
 there are a few less than beautiful things in malta . '' 
 he ducks into his car and is gone . 
 his dark car slides past me back out into the road and i am alone in the night . 
 i walk inside and click the door closed , locking it behind me . 
 when i wake the next morning , i find that another girl is missing from valetta . 
 chapter eleven the beast the darkness caves in around me and there is a loud roar in my ears . 
 i try to fight it , to shake it off , at least until i return home . 
 even as i do , i know that i will fail . 
 i resist it for as long as i can but i can not make it home . 
 it is of no use and before i know it , my vision blurs and i have no control . 
 i am not myself . 
 i scan the horizon , searching for a light , searching for signs of life . 
 i search until i find it . 
 and then i do . 
 i move forward , light on my feet . 
 i am quiet and stealthy and i am only thinking of one thing . 
 one thing . 
 she is walking along the road in the dark , her white shorts far too short . 
 her tanned legs are long , her blonde hair is short . 
 she has a butterfly tattoo on her shoulder . 
 none of those things matter . 
 it would n't matter at all if they were different than they are . 
 i am not myself . 
 she hears me and turns . 
 at first she is n't afraid , but then she recognizes me for what i am . 
 she can see it on my face and then i see terror on hers . 
 she screams , but there is no one to hear . 
 she tries to run , but i am faster . 
 she tries to fight , but i am stronger . 
 her hands are like a child 's as they beat against me , but it is of no matter . 
 it is as though she is not fighting at all . 
 i bend my head and her blood runs down my chin , into my neck and onto shirt . 
 it does n't matter . 
 nothing matters . 
 fiercely fragile , her heart is beating wildly against mine . 
 and then it is n't . 
 chapter twelve eva sunlight shines into the windows of my cottage as i eat a cup of yogurt , granola and maltese honey . 
 i have the television turned on for the first time since i have been here and i am glued to the local news as i sit curled up in a living room chair . 
 the girl that disappeared last night , annica rossi , will make the third woman in a month 's time . 
 two are known to be dead , but this one , this annica rossi , is just gone . 
 she is only twenty-three and had been walking home from her job at a local bar last night . 
 she is only six years younger than i am . 
 i stare at the collage of pictures of her on the television ; of her young eyes , her slightly rough appearance , the tattoo on her shoulder and i have a feeling that wherever she is , she is n't alive . 
 she should n't have been out so late by herself , she should have known better . 
 but she should n't have had to pay for such a small transgression with her life . 
 she was young . 
 youth are known to make mistakes born of ignorance . 
 something is n't right in valetta and i remember luca 's words . 
 there are a few less than beautiful things in malta . 
 that 's one way to put it , i guess . 
 i eat the last bite of my breakfast and then venture to my makeshift office . 
 i sort through notes from this week and transfer them into typewritten files . 
 i am very neat and orderly when it comes to research because i have to be . 
 if i 'm not , it will all fall apart and i wo n't be able to pull it together into something workably intelligent . 
 i 'm rather like that in real life , too . 
 everything has its place , its file , its slot . 
 my thoughts , my feelings , my memories . 
 my emotions are usually filed away in tupperware-like mental containers . 
 i guess it 's why i make a good doctor . 
 i 'm very matter of fact and always have been . 
 my mother and father both like to tell me stories of from when i was a kid . 
 i was the same even then . 
 other girls were crying because there were mean kids on the playground . 
 i was too busy trying to determine what made them that way to let their mean behavior personally affect me . 
 i 'm like that to this day . 
 i have a distinct ability to remove myself from any given situation and analyze it . 
 i 'm compartmentalized . 
 except with luca . 
 i hate the thought that i allow him to get to me , but i have to admit that he does . 
 but truly , even at the same time as i hate it , i know that i like it a little bit too . 
 it means that i am human . 
 i have strong emotions after all , emotions that i 'm not able to control or dampen . 
 there for a few years , i was starting to wonder . 
 i wrap up my busy work and then wind my hair into a knot at my neck . 
 i need to go into town and mingle with the locals so that i can gather some more initial meeting data . 
 some friendly conversation will be a nice break from the quiet solitude of my cottage . 
 i dress in a pair of snug fitting capri 's , a fitted polo and a pair of wedges . 
 and then i 'm out the door . 
 the day is beautiful and the sun shines onto my shoulders . 
 i decide it 's the best feeling in the world . 
 i can smell the salt in the air and i know that i will forever associate that smell with this place , with the beautiful maltese landscapes . 
 even though i hate it , i ride the bus into town and then after i grab a coffee , i walk down to the wharfs , taking my time as i wind through the throngs of people in the marketplace . 
 i know that the crusty old fishermen who frequent the piers will be excellent subjects for research . 
 i am not wrong . 
 i spend several hours on the faded wooden piers , talking and laughing with the fishermen who linger here . 
 they look rough and cantankerous , but each one of them is willing to chat with me about life in malta and their love of fishing . 
 it is very apparent that fishing is a way of life for them and they take it very seriously . 
 it is not a hobby for them . 
 it is a way of life . 
 many of them are retired commercial fishermen and it is in them to the bone . 
 as i speak with the last fisherman of the day , tobias , the conversation suddenly and unexpected takes a turn toward the recent killings . 
 tobias looks at me with cloudy blue eyes . 
 `` miss , you 'll want to make sure that you stay safe , you hear ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` of course . 
 i always do . '' 
 he nods back , this stranger who i only met an hour ago . 
 `` be sure that you do . 
 a pretty thing like you should n't be out and about on your own right now . 
 maybe even during the day . 
 there 's no sense in taking chances . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sure i 'm safe in the daylight , '' i tell him . 
 `` wolves usually come out at night , do n't they ? '' 
 his gnarled hands cast out his line again and he reels it slowly back in . 
 he stares at it thoughtfully for a moment before he speaks . 
 `` i 'm not sure that it is wolves . 
 i know that 's what they 're saying . 
 but i 've lived here my entire life , for eighty-four years , and i 've never encountered a wolf here . 
 i 've fished at every source of water in this area . 
 streams , rivers and the sea . 
 i 've been in the woods , on the beach , on the roads . 
 and never once have i seen a wolf or even any signs of a wolf . '' 
 `` never ? '' 
 i ask him , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` not even a paw print ? '' 
 he shakes his gray head . 
 `` not even a paw print . '' 
 chills roll up my spine at his words and their meaning . 
 if he 's been out and about in the countryside for so long and has never seen a wolf , then odds are , there are n't any wolves to be seen . 
 the hair rises on the back of my neck as i think of the alternative . 
 `` you think there 's a serial killer on the loose . '' 
 my words feel stilted in my mouth and tobias looks grim as he slowly nods . 
 `` i guess that 's what it would make him . '' 
 `` him ? '' 
 i look at tobias . 
 `` how do you know it 's a him ? '' 
 he shakes his head and then re-casts his line . 
 we both watch it sink into the swirling sea . 
 `` because it must be . 
 a woman is n't violent enough to do what was done to those women . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` i heard their throats were ripped out . '' 
 tobias nods . 
 `` that 's what i hear , as well . 
 a woman would n't do that . '' 
 i think about that . 
 `` well , women are far less likely , historically speaking , to commit murders of a violent nature . 
 and serial killers are sixty times more likely to be a man than a woman . 
 but there 's always the remote chance that it is a woman . '' 
 tobias is shaking his head . 
 `` i do n't believe it . 
 my gut says it 's a man . 
 keep your doors locked , dr. talbot . '' 
 that 's exactly what luca told me and i know that it is good advice . 
 i wish tobias a good afternoon fishing and i venture from the pier and onto the beach below . 
 i look back over my shoulder and tobias ' face is grim , which one again causes goose bumps to form on my arms . 
 i wipe them away . 
 this is silly . 
 i 'm in broad daylight . 
 i 'm fine . 
 the sea is active today and the waves that crash against the shore are at least three feet tall , maybe four . 
 i can see several small boats getting tossed about in the current and i am happy that i am standing on dry land . 
 although my feet are killing me . 
 three-inch wedges were n't the best idea . 
 i slip them off and carry them , allowing my aching feet to sink into the damp , cool sand . 
 i try to put troubling thoughts out of my head and choose to look for shells along the beach as i walk instead . 
 it 's a mindless and calming activity . 
 i know it is a couple of miles from here to the shore outside of my cottage , but i decide that i can stop at marianne 's for a late lunch/early dinner . 
 i step around stones and seaweed and driftwood that have washed ashore and find myself continually looking at the water . 
 the view is beautiful here , the horizon endless . 
 it is impossible not to put troubling thoughts to bed when the scenery is so beautiful and tranquil . 
 and then i see him . 
 walking toward me , strolling quietly , is luca minaldi . 
 he 's calm and quiet and an enormous brindle-colored dog is walking slightly ahead of him . 
 luca is dressed in khaki shorts and a button-up chambray shirt with the sleeves rolled up . 
 the breeze ruffles his dark hair and i can feel the penetrating heat of his gaze even from here . 
 why does it seem that i bump into him everywhere that i go ? 
 marianne said that he seldom leaves his home , yet i 've seen him everywhere . 
 he 's within speaking distance now , so i call out a hello . 
 his dog , an enormous monster of an animal , growls softly . 
 luca murmurs something to it and it instantly falls silent , although now it drops back to walk next to luca 's side , perfectly in sync with his step . 
 there 's a hint of smile on luca 's face , but then it is gone and he waves . 
 `` that 's quite a guard dog , '' i say as i stay a respectable distance away . 
 i glance at it , at its enormous yet aerodynamic body and slightly shaggy fur . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 luca 's hand rests on the great dog 's back for a mere second and the dog sits at his side , still at attention . 
 `` this is grendel . 
 he 's an irish wolfhound . '' 
 `` ah , '' i answer . 
 `` i remember hearing bits and pieces about that breed over the years . 
 they 're gentle giants , right ? '' 
 luca looks doubtful . 
 `` perhaps some are . 
 grendel was trained to be a guard dog as a pup . 
 it made my mother feel more comfortable to have one . 
 he gravitated toward me , though , and now i have a constant companion . '' 
 `` nice name , '' i reply . 
 `` i loved beowulf when i was in college . '' 
 `` it seemed fitting , '' he answers . 
 looking down at his guard , whose eyes are ever alert and fierce , i have to agree . 
 `` he does seem like a grendel , '' i nod . 
 luca glances at the notebook in my hands . 
 `` have you been out working ? '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` if you can call it that . 
 i 've been chatting with talkative old fishermen out on the wharf . '' 
 `` did you get a lot of material for your project ? '' 
 luca is polite , although he does seem genuinely interested . 
 `` yes , i did , '' i answer . 
 `` i love the people here in malta . 
 they are so friendly and easy to read . '' 
 he smiles now and i suck in my breath . 
 because he usually seems so dark and commanding , it is a breathtaking difference when he smiles . 
 `` most of them , anyway , '' i add . 
 luca looks amused . 
 `` not all of them ? '' 
 and now his dark eyebrow is raised and his bangs are hanging just slightly over his eye . 
 he looks like a fully-clothed underwear model and i swallow . 
 `` no . 
 not all of them . '' 
 he 's amused again and he takes a step closer to me . 
 grendel stays where luca told him to stay , evidence of his training . 
 `` is there anyone in particular you 're having trouble with ? '' 
 he 's near me now , clearly inside my personal space . 
 i can smell his subtle spicy cologne , something unique to him . 
 i 've never smelled that scent before . 
 he steps one more step toward me and now i can feel the warmth coming from his body . 
 i swallow hard again . 
 `` you know there is . 
 i ca n't read you . '' 
 luca is still now , watching me with his intense gaze . 
 i feel it brushing along my skin as potently as though he were touching me with his fingers . 
 `` dr. talbot , you do n't have enough time to figure me out . 
 it would take all the time in the world . 
 and the last i checked , you only have the summer . '' 
 he 's so close to me now that my wits are addled , something that very rarely happens . 
 i struggle with my composure , struggle to seem unfazed . 
 as he looks at me though , i feel like he can see my thoughts . 
 he knows the effect he 's having on me . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 `` yes , '' i confirm . 
 `` i 'm only here for the summer . '' 
 his chest is broad . 
 i 'm staring at it now since it is eye-level for me . 
 his shirt is tailored and stretches perfectly across his shoulders and i 'm staring at him so intently that i startle when he speaks . 
 with his head ducked close to mine , he murmurs , `` pity . '' 
 then he steps away from me . 
 and the intense mood is lifted . 
 the electricity between us is alleviated for the time being , although i know that wo n't last long . 
 there is an attraction between us , something dark and fierce and i would be a fool to not acknowledge it . 
 and i 'd probably be a fool to give in to it , as well . 
 `` what time will you be visiting with my mother this evening ? '' 
 he 's polite and casual now and his posture is relaxed . 
 yes , the charged atmosphere is gone . 
 i can breathe again . 
 `` i think around 8:00 pm . 
 will that work for you ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` that will be fine . 
 please stop by my study afterward . 
 i 'd like a report . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` of course . '' 
 and he turns and walks away without another word . 
 grendel walks with him , once again perfectly attuned to his master 's movements . 
 i watch them until they are quite a ways away before i take another step . 
 luca never looks back . 
 chapter thirteen luca i feel her watching . 
 evangeline 's gaze is firmly implanted between my shoulder blades and i fight the urge to turn , to return to her side and continue speaking with her , to continue breathing her in . 
 she smells of fresh air and flowers and i have been taken off guard by the connection that i feel with this woman . 
 i 've never felt anything like it in my life . 
 i wish i was n't feeling it now . 
 there 's no way i can tell her to stay away from me , that i 'm dangerous for her . 
 it would sound ridiculous , like stuff that fiction and legend are made of . 
 i am not heathcliff and she is not catherine , although the reasons that separate us are different from those of that fabled pair . 
 heathcliff was tortured because he could not have his love . 
 i will be tortured regardless , but i refuse to drag anyone else into it , which might be my single redeeming quality . 
 and so i walk away . 
 grendel and i make our way over the damp beach back to chessarae and as i do , a familiar feeling begins to grow from within me and with it , i feel a heavy weight on my chest . 
 my vision blurs , then focuses and i want to punch a wall as immediate and profound rage explodes inside of me . 
 i am surprised , taken aback , aghast . 
 it 's back . 
 already . 
 i swallow hard as the light begins to pull away from the corners of my eyes and the blackness threatens to overtake me . 
 it is imminent . 
 i do n't have much time . 
 this onset was sudden , more so than most times . 
 i feel the same sense of comfort that i always feel as i pass through my property gates , but it is dimmed this time . 
 many things are dimmed right now , my emotions are dulled even while some of my senses are heightened . 
 my feet sink into chessarae soil and i sigh . 
 chessarae is my refuge . 
 i draw strength from the solitude . 
 it will keep me safe . 
 but rather than going into the house , into the stone bricks and mortar that i call home , i quickly follow the trails into the garden that lead me through the english maze . 
 the flowering bushes are fragrant , but i bear them no mind , even though my sense of smell has been awakened , as if from a long slumber . 
 i can smell everything right now , the lilies , the lavender , the roses . 
 i wind my way to the center of the maze and when i reach it , i find myself in a familiar oasis . 
 there is a small bubbling pond here with a fountain , benches and a circle of white marble statues . 
 the twelve greek olympians stare at me with lifeless marble eyes . 
 they know the secret that is contained here in this oasis . 
 they have watched me come and go many times before . 
 my vision blurs once more and i focus hard on holding off the blackness . 
 it is coming , but i am almost there . 
 my stomach muscles strain as i hold them tensely , my entire body coiled as i fight this internal battle . 
 i stride quickly around the pond and approach a large statue of hades on the other side . 
 that the god of the underworld guards this particular secret is an irony not lost on me . 
 on his platform base , there is a small bronze plaque . 
 it is very old yet still in pristine condition and i press it firmly , until i hear a click . 
 it slides to the side and reveals a thumb pad . 
 i place my thumb upon it and an infrared reader slides over it , reading my identity . 
 a green light flashes , granting approval to enter . 
 hades stares down at me knowingly as the statue raises slightly , exposing rollers from beneath . 
 it rolls smoothly and noiselessly backward , revealing a hidden staircase below . 
 i can see the marble steps descending into darkness and i step inside with grendel at my heels . 
 there are only two living people in the world who know that this exists . 
 i am one of them . 
 i punch at a button on the wall on the way down and simultaneously , lights come on in the tunnel and hades slides back into place above me . 
 i am hidden from the world now . 
 and that is the sole purpose of this secret place . 
 i begin to feel a coming sense of relief . 
 i will make it . 
 i am so close . 
 one hundred and twenty four marble steps later , we have reached the bottom . 
 this landing leads to a hallway branching off into both directions . 
 one direction leads to underground tunnels that go straight to the house and emerge in my study and in the basement . 
 the other leads in the opposite direction to a small living area . 
 it is soundproof from the world above . 
 no one from above would ever guess that this underground fortress is here . 
 it was built by my great-great-grandfather , back when this type of technology was cutting edge ; at least , it was cutting edge here in malta . 
 the ancient egyptians were utilizing hidden rooms and tunnels and sliding , trick doorways a couple of thousand years ago for their tombs . 
 but then again , ancient egyptians were ahead of their time in many ways . 
 they created their underground fortresses to protect their dead , to keep them safe from grave-robbers . 
 mine was created for an entirely different purpose . 
 to keep me in . 
 i continue down the hall into a luxurious living space and gaze around . 
 recessed lights provide a soft , ambient glow . 
 we refer to this place as ` the cave ' . 
 and only two living people know of its existence , myself and adrian . 
 it is clean , modern and fully-stocked . 
 adrian sees to that . 
 one wall houses an entire rack of wine . 
 the other consists of shelves and shelves of books and has a couple of leather reading chairs situated in front of it . 
 a third wall is covered in expensive , original art ; as well as several television screens . 
 each of them reflects the center of the english maze from a different angle as reflected by the hidden cameras there . 
 we always know if someone approaches . 
 the fourth wall is different . 
 a large bed is pushed against it , secured tightly to the floor so that it can not be moved . 
 chains protrude from the wall , heavy and metal , winding through the iron headboard . 
 thick padded handcuffs are attached to the chains and are resting right now on the thick pillows . 
 i know that if anyone happened upon this place , they might draw the conclusion that i am a depraved sex fiend , that this is my sex nest and that i bring women here to commit freakish sexual acts upon them . 
 that could n't be farther from the truth and i know that no one will ever ` happen ' upon this place . 
 this cave was designed for me , for my great-great-great-grandfather who was just like me . 
 it was designed to be perfectly hidden , completely impenetrable , and to protect the women of malta from me , from the minaldi men . 
 because i 'm a monster , like my father before me and his father before him , and so on . 
 there is no help for me . 
 what i told evangeline was true . 
 she can not help me . 
 no one can . 
 there is a sudden noise behind me and i turn , only to find adrian approaching with a large box in his hands . 
 he looks as surprised to see me as i am to see him . 
 his blue eyes are at first shocked , then narrow in caution . 
 he 's careful now . 
 he knows what my presence here means . 
 `` luca , '' he says , his eyes skimming over me . 
 i know he 's checking for my presence of mind . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 are you feeling alright ? '' 
 i shake my head in short staccato movements . 
 `` no , '' i rasp . 
 `` it 's coming . '' 
 adrian is alarmed and he sets his box down , approaching me cautiously , staring into my eyes . 
 `` it 's too soon , '' he says . 
 i know and i grimly agree with him . 
 `` i do n't know why , '' i tell him as i stride quickly toward the bed , toward safety . 
 `` nothing is different . 
 i 'm the same as i ever was . 
 i 'm not doing anything differently . '' 
 i am just a few moments away from the precipice , from losing it . 
 i know this , so i move faster . 
 i grasp a metal manacle and wrap it around my wrist until i hear a click . 
 i have enough slack in the chain to reach my other wrist and do the same . 
 i take a deep breath and try to relax , slumping against the headboard onto the bed . 
 i made it . 
 everything will be fine . 
 but it wo n't . 
 this should n't be happening , not so soon . 
 i say that again to adrian , although even now , my words are starting to slur and my thoughts are beginning to run together . 
 soon , everything will become visceral and i wo n't think anything logical at all . 
 adrian stares at me thoughtfully . 
 `` i have n't wanted to say anything , '' he begins uncertainly and then he pauses . 
 i stare at him through the thickening mental fog . 
 `` but ? '' 
 my lips are heavy and numb . 
 it 's coming . 
 my breathing quickens . 
 `` but this is the way it usually happens , according to everything my father taught me . '' 
 maddeningly , he trails off and i wait for him to continue , but he does n't . 
 he picks up his box and carries it to the cabinets next to the wine and begins to put supplies away . 
 i do n't have time for this . 
 within minutes , i wo n't be cognizant . 
 `` adrian , '' i growl . 
 `` tell me what your father told you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he turns around apologetically . 
 `` i just hate to upset you . 
 it might be nothing , so i do n't know whether i should worry you with it . '' 
 `` worry me , '' i growl again . 
 adrian looks pained . 
 `` my father told me that the minaldi curse continues to worsen with age . 
 you have passed your thirty-year mark . 
 you will continue to become more active , the curse more violent with each year . 
 it will become worse when you reach thirty-five , worse still when you reach forty and so on . '' 
 i feel suddenly and nauseatingly numb . 
 `` my father , '' i begin . 
 then i clear my throat . 
 `` how often was my father contained here at the end of his life ? '' 
 it 's difficult to speak now . 
 i lick my lips . 
 `` before your father died , my father spent the majority of each month down here with him , '' adrian admits . 
 `` nicolas was down here more than he was n't . '' 
 it is a sobering thought . 
 before my father committed suicide , i had known that he was becoming more and more despondent . 
 i knew the reason , obviously , since we share the same blood . 
 but he did n't speak of it . 
 not ever . 
 not to me , not to anyone , except for adrian 's father , benjamin . 
 benjamin was the only one who knew the extent of my father 's illness , of the darkness that lived within him . 
 just as adrian is the only one who knows the same of me . 
 our families are intertwined . 
 they have been for generations . 
 the leopoldos have been our loyal companions for hundreds of years . 
 `` i will not allow it to get to that point , '' i say bluntly . 
 adrian knows exactly what i mean and he nods grimly . 
 `` but we are n't at that point yet , '' he says . 
 `` we do n't need to consider anything right now . '' 
 `` not yet , '' i concede . 
 `` but when we are ... '' i trail off and adrian nods . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i feel empty inside , although to be honest , i feel empty most of the time . 
 it is a defense mechanism , something i perfected long ago . 
 my ` curse ' , as we refer to it , is undefined and undiagnosed by medical professionals . 
 it is a genetic anomaly that has plagued the minaldi men for hundreds of years . 
 it is inescapable , it is dark , it is crushing . 
 i believe that is why evangeline has intrigued me so . 
 for the first time in as long as i can remember , i have felt something besides the dark void that lives within me . 
 evangeline is a hopeful person , full of light . 
 and being around her is invigorating . 
 the attraction between us is undeniable . 
 if only i could pursue her as a normal man would . 
 but i 'm not normal , so i can not . 
 i strain unconsciously at the chains , pulling as hard as i can away from the wall . 
 the padded manacles bite into my skin , even through the thick cushion that they contain . 
 even now , my mind is breaking away , doing what it wills , not what i will . 
 the black clouds spill into my brain and i can no longer think as myself . 
 i am not myself . 
 i am not myself . 
 i am not myself . 
 i bellow like the beast that i am and adrian closes his eyes . 
 he will stay with me as he always does , but he ca n't bring himself to watch the animal that i will become . 
 the blackness closes in and then i know nothing more . 
 chapter fourteen eva i should be working , but i 'm researching instead . 
 and i 'm not researching anything work-related . 
 i should feel guilty , but i do n't . 
 i ca n't remember a life before the internet and search engines . 
 it has truly revolutionized everything . 
 back in my mother 's day , you could n't simply plug a man 's name into the computer and pull up his history . 
 and honestly , i ca n't believe that i waited until today to do this . 
 after luca told me that he wanted to see me the other night after my visit with his mother , he was n't there . 
 he simply was n't in his study and none of the servants knew where to find him . 
 it was so strange . 
 he made a point to ask me to stop and give him a report , and then he was n't there . 
 it 's true , he could have simply been called away on a business matter , but if that were the case , would n't his staff have known ? 
 would n't he have been handling the matter in his study ? 
 something felt very odd , very wrong . 
 i type luca minaldi and push `` search '' and a multitude of hits are returned . 
 i sift through them with interest , staring at the various pictures of him . 
 luca is an intense figure , even through a camera lens . 
 always handsome and elegant , he poses in formal dress for various pictures at various events . 
 there are also random and candid pictures of him captured by tourists and bloggers and posted online on gossip sites . 
 but there are n't as many as i would have guessed , not from someone from a family as affluent as his . 
 and i know the reason . 
 marianne told me that he is practically a recluse . 
 he ventures into the city for only a few things , for library board meetings , for his company board meetings , and to sign documents at the bank . 
 that is pretty much it , except for when he runs . 
 he is pictured several times jogging along maltese roads , his running shoes well worn , a testament to his dedication to the sport . 
 he does n't compete , so it must just be a hobby for him , an outlet for stress , i would guess . 
 i do learn a few things that i had n't known , though . 
 luca minaldi is thirty-two years old . 
 his birthday is october 15 . 
 he has two brothers , christoph and damien . 
 he has never been romantically linked to anyone in particular , although he has been photographed with various dates at social functions , and never with the same woman twice . 
 he attended cambridge and graduated magna cum laude with a degree in business , then continued on to earn an mba . 
 he is currently the senior vice president of operations at minaldi shipping . 
 his younger brother christoph is the senior vp of marketing and his other brother , damien , is the president and ceo . 
 his brothers moved away to other minaldi shipping global locations years ago , while luca stayed here because valetta is where their main operations -lrb- shipyards and warehouses -rrb- are located . 
 damien is located at their corporate headquarters in london and christoph works in their abu dhabi offices . 
 these things are the cut and dried facts that are easily accessible on the web . 
 i dig a little deeper and read through a handful of gossipy social maltese websites . 
 it seems that luca has been the subject of fascination for years . 
 he is considered mysterious , handsome and the most eligible bachelor of malta , a title that does n't seem to affect him at all . 
 he is unfazed by the attention and ventures into town as little as possible . 
 he is gossiped about frequently , with speculations on whether he stashes mistresses around the world unbeknownst to the maltese public or whether he is homosexual . 
 i can sense the latter is not the case . 
 the dark , fiery stares that he gives me can attest to that . 
 sexual energy churns between us , something that warms my belly just thinking about . 
 luca is certainly a mystery . 
 i 've known that from the beginning , and he only grows more fascinating as i learn more about him . 
 i stare at his picture , which stares back blankly from the computer screen . 
 this is the only time i 've been able to stare at him without feeling that intense energy that he brings when he is with me in person . 
 even now , his gaze is intense , even though i am safe through a computer screen . 
 safe . 
 i am startled at that word and i ponder it for a moment . 
 why would that thought occur to me ? 
 do i subconsciously feel that i 'm not safe around luca ? 
 as a psychiatrist , i am a firm believer that we should listen to our subconscious , to our instincts . 
 it is interesting that i should feel , even for a second , that i am unsafe around luca . 
 i think about it for a few more moments , turning it over and over in my head . 
 i finally decide that i have simply been swayed by the fact that both melina and luca himself told me that i should feel that way . 
 and melina is unbalanced and luca is ... tortured . 
 that is the best way i can sum him up in one word . 
 something about luca-something in his past probably , is torturing him . 
 i can see it in his eyes , i can sense it in his presence . 
 and the woman in me , the maternal side that wants to fix little children , wants to fix whatever it is that is hurting him . 
 the depth of my emotion concerning this is startling . 
 i have very strong feelings about it . 
 i want to help him and i do n't even know why . 
 i barely know him . 
 and certainly , i ca n't help him until i know what it is that troubles him . 
 so i decide to make it my mission to find out , a feat that will not be easy since it is widely known that luca minaldi is a secretive mystery . 
 i smile to myself . 
 fortunately , i am very good at what i do . 
 i solve emotional puzzles . 
 i pull out my research and work for a while , before i realize that i have n't eaten lunch . 
 i glance at my watch and find that it is 3:00 . 
 well past lunchtime . 
 i put my work away and then pull my hair into a ponytail before i make my way to marianne 's . 
 she is happy to see me and we chat for at least an hour and a half while i eat lunch . 
 she laughs and talks about adrian , inquires about luca and is surprised when i tell her that i 've seen him again . 
 i ca n't divulge the capacity of our meeting , so instead i downplay it and make it sound as though we just bumped into each other . 
 technically , it is n't a lie . 
 when luca came to my house to ask me to visit with his mother , we did bump into each other . 
 `` well , bella , '' marianne laughs . 
 `` i wo n't worry about you being alone quite so much . 
 it appears that you 've got that under control . '' 
 she lifts her wine glass and clinks it with mine . 
 i feel slightly warm and flushed , a by-product of the wine . 
 i decide that i need some fresh air or all i 'll want to do is curl up into a ball and take a cozy nap for the remainder of the day . 
 so i wish marianne a good day , promise that i 'll be back tomorrow and make my way back out to the beach . 
 i take my shoes off and decide to walk for a little bit before i get back on my scooter and ride home . 
 as i sink my toes into the soft sand , the breeze is cool and crisp on my face and it does wonders to perk me back up . 
 i inhale the salt , the brine in the air and i know that i love it here . 
 i may never want to return to the states . 
 i love this time of day , too , just when the late afternoon begins the slow turn into dusk . 
 i have to laugh at myself . 
 i 'm feeling so content right now , with my belly full of pasta and wine , that pretty much anything would make me happy . 
 there is still enough light that i feel safe out here since i am on my way home . 
 and also , i promised marianne that i would call when i reached my cottage safely . 
 if i do n't call soon , she will send out search parties . 
 of that , i am certain . 
 i smile and hum a nameless , tuneless song as i walk . 
 my feet sink into the foam lip of the sea as it slides to and fro against the beach . 
 life is good right now . 
 i walk a good mile and a half probably before i decide that i 'd better turn around . 
 i glance regretfully ahead of me , at the tree-lined coast , before i turn . 
 i realize that i 'm regretful only because that is the direction that luca always goes into , the direction that houses chessarae . 
 i had been subconsciously walking toward it , toward him , hoping to see him . 
 this is getting ridiculous . 
 i turn and start my walk back to my scooter . 
 after a half mile or so , something in the water ahead catches my eye . 
 something silvery white in the late afternoon sun . 
 i stare at it as i walk closer , and then as i approach it , a heavy feeling forms in my chest . 
 whatever it is looks fleshy . 
 oh my god . 
 i ca n't help the ominous feeling of panic that rises in me and smothers the air trying to rise from my lungs . 
 visions from long ago flit through my head , of another time and place when i found something floating in the water . 
 someone . 
 my breathing comes in pants and i know that something is n't right here today . 
 just like something was n't right twenty-two years ago when i found my little brother floating face down in the lake behind our house . 
 i ca n't breathe and i have to force myself to move . 
 i take a tentative step toward the thing in the water and i 'm terrified to look even though i know i have to . 
 chills run down my spine and i glance around for signs that someone else might be near in case i need help with this thing . 
 but there is no one . 
 only me . 
 my legs feel numb as i take another step toward it , then another . 
 whatever it is has washed up onto the rocks that line the shore and it is covered in tattered fabric . 
 i gulp , swallow hard , and then walk the remaining twenty yards . 
 it 's a person , just as my instincts already knew . 
 i force myself to wade through the shallow water and stand over it , staring down , fighting the waves of nausea that are welling up in me . 
 it 's a partial person . 
 something ... sharks , crabs , something , has eaten half of it . 
 of her . 
 i know it is a her because there is a butterfly tattoo still on her shoulder . 
 her shoulder is one of the only things that i can see that is still intact and i am suddenly so very thankful that she is face down . 
 she has no legs or arms left and there is seaweed matted into her short blonde hair . 
 and i know , beyond any doubt , that this is annica rossi . 
 chapter fifteen i do n't even realize that i am screaming until marianne is pulling at my shoulders , pulling me away from this battered corpse . 
 she sits me down on a piece of driftwood a short distance away , turns me in the opposite direction of the body and then pulls out her cell phone . 
 the polizia arrive in less than five minutes . 
 by the time they arrive , i have calmed myself down . 
 i take deep breaths and stare at the sand by my feet until i no longer feel panicky . 
 i am slightly ashamed that i lost it in such a way . 
 i 'm a doctor . 
 i should n't fall apart simply because i see a dead , half-eaten body . 
 but to be fair , i 'm a psychiatrist . 
 i 'm not accustomed to coming into surprise contact with a mutilated corpse . 
 i doubt anyone is , particularly someone who lost her own brother to a drowning . 
 marianne holds my hand as we wait for the lead detective to come speak with me . 
 as the person who found her , they have to take my statement . 
 that 's fine with me , although i do n't have much to tell them . 
 i was walking along , minding my own business and there she was . 
 the end . 
 and that 's what i 'll tell them . 
 there 's a team of them here now , all poking around her in a very official way , poking around the beach and then finally , the coroner comes and they remove her from the water and place her onto a stretcher , covering her up with a sheet . 
 i feel a sense of relief for her . 
 she deserves some privacy , some sort of dignity . 
 we wait forever . 
 the polizia certainly are n't in a hurry to question me and allow me on my way . 
 it 's agonizingly frustrating . 
 i just want to leave . 
 my nerves and the cool evening breeze are causing me to shiver and i have n't brought a jacket . 
 but still they let us sit . 
 they do n't even look in our direction . 
 marianne and i chat and i am ever grateful to her for staying with me . 
 i tell her that and she waves away my gratitude . 
 `` it 's what anyone would do , '' she insists . 
 it 's not , but i let it go . 
 we talk for a while longer and then she looks up and stares . 
 `` honey , look , '' she instructs . 
 i look up and am startled to find luca jogging down the beach toward us . 
 grendel is at his side and i do n't know why i am surprised at their presence . 
 i was half-expecting -lrb- half-wishing -rrb- to see them earlier and now here they are . 
 luca is clearly concerned as he stares at the scene in front of him before his gaze brushes over me . 
 he is surprised , i can see it . 
 and very curious . 
 he jogs up to me and stops . 
 grendel stands at attention by his side . 
 the dog 's gold eyes appraise me sharply , but he does n't growl this time . 
 we 're apparently making progress . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 luca asks . 
 he 's as handsome as ever , even with the light sheen of perspiration gleaming on his brow . 
 his dark hair is damp as he brushes it out of his eyes . 
 his shirt is soaked through at the top . 
 from the looks of it , he 's been running for awhile but he 's not even breathing hard . 
 marianne answers before i do . 
 `` they found the third girl . 
 we think , '' she adds . 
 `` eva found her . 
 the polizia wo n't confirm it , but eva saw a tattoo on her shoulder . 
 it 's the girl . '' 
 luca looks appalled . 
 `` she 's dead ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` very . 
 it looks like sharks got her . '' 
 `` oh . 
 so she was n't murdered ? '' 
 luca is surprised now . 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they are n't saying what they think . 
 she could 've drowned , i guess , and the sharks ate her remains . 
 or maybe she was murdered , then dumped into the sea . '' 
 luca is somber again , shaking his head . 
 he is a handsome and polished , even here . 
 `` either way , you should n't be here , evangeline . 
 this is n't a place for you . '' 
 his concern for my wellbeing makes my heart quicken . 
 `` i have to be , '' i tell him quietly . 
 `` i found her and they want my statement . '' 
 he stares at me for a scant moment before he turns on his heel and walks to the lead detective . 
 they speak for a moment in words that i ca n't hear before they both return to me . 
 the detective is wearing rumpled clothing and is distracted , but he pulls out a little notebook and pen and turns his attention to me . 
 he says , in a very thick maltese accent , `` i apologize for your wait , miss talbot . '' 
 `` dr. talbot , '' luca corrects him . 
 the detective nods . 
 `` dr. talbot , '' the detective amends . 
 `` can you tell me how you found the body ? '' 
 `` is it annica rossi ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the detective shakes his head . 
 `` we ca n't confirm that yet , '' he says . 
 `` but it is a possibility . '' 
 i inhale shakily and then tell him how i found her . 
 it only takes a minute because there is n't much to tell . 
 he writes down what i say and then tells me that they will get back to me if they have any further questions . 
 he thanks me and then leaves . 
 our interaction only took five minutes , after i waited forty-five for him to get to me . 
 i turn to luca . 
 `` thank you for expediting that process . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` it was nothing . 
 you did n't deserve to wait out here in the dark . 
 come . 
 i 'll walk you home . '' 
 marianne looks at me . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow , bella , '' she says . 
 `` lock your doors and just use common sense , alright ? '' 
 i nod . 
 it 's clear that she does n't think annica rossi drowned . 
 i do n't either . 
 i watch her retreat toward her restaurant before i look back at luca . 
 `` you do n't need to walk me home , '' i tell him . 
 `` it 's unnecessary . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' he answers . 
 `` but i want to . 
 it would make me feel more comfortable . 
 you 've had a rough evening . 
 it 's the least i can do . '' 
 `` okay , '' i reply . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he touches my elbow lightly as i get up from the driftwood . 
 his touch is electric and i can still feel the imprint of his fingers long after he removes them from my skin . 
 for some reason , i ache to lean back into it , into his warmth . 
 i decide it must be the emotional toll that this evening has taken on me . 
 luca walks me to my scooter and then he pushes it as we walk . 
 it does n't take us very long to reach my cottage and we do n't talk very much along the way . 
 the night has been sobering , the events of it thoroughly quenching my good mood . 
 `` would you like a cup of tea ? '' 
 i ask as luca delivers me to my door . 
 he looks at me . 
 i can feel him examining me , studying my motives . 
 his gaze practically burns my skin and i struggle to not fidget beneath it as i wait for his decision . 
 finally , he asks , `` do you have scotch ? '' 
 i have to laugh as i shake my head . 
 `` um , no . 
 i do n't . 
 but i have wine . '' 
 `` that will do , '' he answers . 
 he waits while i unlock the door and he tells grendel to stay on the porch . 
 the dog immediately sits and watches the perimeter with alert eyes . 
 luca sits on my patio as i dig around for a corkscrew . 
 i finally locate one , open the wine and bring it along with two glasses to the small table on the patio . 
 `` where were you the other night ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` you said you wanted a report and then you were n't there . '' 
 he stares back at me calmly . 
 `` i had a matter to attend to . 
 i apologize for not seeing you . 
 evangeline , are you all right ? '' 
 he asks me as i pour him a glass of wine . 
 i notice that my fingers are shaking , sloshing the blood red liquid onto the sides of the glass . 
 this is probably why he asked . 
 i grip the crystal glass tighter . 
 i nod . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i just had n't been expecting to find a murder victim today . '' 
 luca looks grim . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 but it is possible that she was n't murdered . 
 she could have simply gone into water that she should n't have . '' 
 i stare at him , at the way his mouth is pressed into a line . 
 `` you do n't believe that , '' i observe . 
 `` no , '' he admits . 
 `` but i did n't want to alarm you . '' 
 `` i 'm already alarmed , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'm trying not to be , but i 'm here alone in a tiny cottage not even half of mile from this latest victim . 
 i would be a fool if i was n't afraid . '' 
 `` you 're not a fool , '' luca answers . 
 `` it 's clear that you 're anything but that . '' 
 his dark eyes are so dark that they are almost black as he stares at me . 
 the sky above us is just as black and with his dark hair , he seems to melt into it . 
 he smells like some exotic blend of masculine spices . 
 i want to lean forward ever so slightly and inhale his neck . 
 and then i am startled by my own impulse . 
 it is so unlike me . 
 `` no , i 'm not , '' i answer . 
 but my thoughts conflict with that notion . 
 i do n't know if it is the emotion of the evening , but i find that all i want him to do is lean forward and kiss me , to wrap his strong arms around me and hold me there , against the safety of his chest . 
 but of course he does n't , so i take a slow sip of my wine . 
 he watches me . 
 `` are you going to be alright ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` you 're still shaking . 
 do you need a jacket ? '' 
 `` i 'm not cold , '' i tell him , although the breeze is slightly chilly . 
 `` i 'm just rattled . 
 but yes , i will be fine . '' 
 his wine glass is empty so i fill it up and then top mine off , as well . 
 my hand is still shaking and i sigh . 
 `` maybe i 'm not fine , '' i admit . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like that before . 
 and even though my brain knows that i 'm safe as long as my doors and windows are locked , my body apparently does n't believe it . '' 
 luca smiles sympathetically . 
 `` that 's completely normal , '' he answers . 
 `` i do n't know anyone in their right mind who would n't be upset . 
 honestly , i 'd wonder about you if you were n't . '' 
 `` you are n't upset , '' i point out . 
 he smiles again and i can see that he is tired . 
 `` i was n't the one who found her , '' he answers . 
 `` it 's easy for me to remain calm . 
 and although i 'm calm , i am upset by the situation . 
 it 's unnerving . 
 in fact , i have an idea . 
 why do n't i stay here tonight ? 
 that might put you at ease and you can get some rest . 
 i 'll sleep on the couch . '' 
 i glance at his face and find that it is a serious offer , but i automatically reject the idea . 
 `` no , no . 
 i could never impose on you in such a way . 
 i 'm sure you have a king-sized luxurious bed waiting for you at chessarae . 
 i 'd never put you on my couch . 
 or even in my tiny little bed . 
 but thank you very much for offering . 
 it 's very gentlemanly of you . '' 
 he stares at me again , his gaze as black as night . 
 the moonlight brushes softly against the chiseled features of his face and i inhale sharply at the expression i find there . 
 `` oh , make no mistake , '' he tells me softly . 
 `` i 'm not that much of a gentleman , much to my mother 's dismay . '' 
 my breath hitches in my throat and i stare at him , into his stormy gaze before he laughs . 
 `` evangeline , truly . 
 i want to stay . 
 it will make me feel better . 
 i wo n't sleep well knowing that you are frightened and alone . 
 in fact , if you 'd like , we could both return to chessarae and you could sleep there . 
 in your own room , of course , '' he adds . 
 `` i could n't impose on you in that way , either , '' i tell him . 
 `` so , i 'll stay here . 
 no problem , '' he replies , as though he knew that i would n't come to chessarae . 
 `` just give me a blanket and i 'll be fine on the sofa . '' 
 i look at him doubtfully . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` quite sure . 
 trust me , no harm will come to you while i am standing watch . '' 
 his words actually comfort me and i feel a sense of relief that i wo n't be alone tonight . 
 he sees the acceptance on my face . 
 `` wonderful , '' he says as he takes the last gulp of his wine and stands up . 
 `` all i 'll need is a blanket . '' 
 i smile at him in gratitude . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm letting you do this . 
 but thank you . 
 very much . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` do n't mention it . 
 you came out to chessarae and calmed my mother down when you did n't have to . 
 i am in your debt . '' 
 we return into the house and luca locks the door . 
 i find him an extra blanket and then pause at my bedroom door . 
 `` thank you , '' i say again . 
 `` really . '' 
 he settles onto the couch , with his legs hanging off the end . 
 `` it 's not a problem . '' 
 he looks horribly uncomfortable on the small little sofa , but i smile at him anyway and close the door to my bedroom . 
 i am so weary that i do n't remember even changing into pajamas before i fall into a heavy sleep . 
 dreams instantly plague me . 
 nightmares . 
 i see annica washing up over and over on the beach , but this time , she is right below my cottage . 
 she rolls in the surf , her skin gray and cold and dead . 
 her arms and legs are still torn off , but she is facing upward this time . 
 her eyes are glued to mine and her mouth is speaking . 
 i bend to hear her . 
 help me , eva . 
 and then she starts to scream and snakes slither from her mouth ; huge black snakes with red eyes . 
 there are so many of them and they all head straight for me , moving quickly through the sand . 
 and behind them , my brother christopher replaces annica . 
 and more and more snakes slither from his decomposing body and glide through the sand toward me . 
 i scream . 
 and hands are restraining me . 
 i open my eyes and luca is with me . 
 i grow still as i look at him . 
 he stares back at me in concern and he is not wearing a shirt . 
 his skin is warm against my arm and my eyes meet his . 
 `` you were screaming , '' he says uncertainly . 
 i do n't say anything . 
 instead , without thinking , i grab him and clutch him to me , hiding my face in his bare , warm shoulder . 
 he startles , then wraps his arms around me , holding me close . 
 i do n't even realize that i am crying until his skin beneath my cheek turns wet . 
 `` shh , '' he soothes me , stroking my hair with his smooth hand . 
 `` you 're alright , evangeline . 
 i 'm here . 
 you 're safe . '' 
 i sniff , trying to choke back the tears , trying to hide my distress . 
 but emotions that i keep well-hidden are erupting and there is nothing i can do but let them come . 
 luca holds me for the longest time , waiting until i have cried myself out , holding me closely and not asking any questions . 
 his voice is soothing and low in the dark and honestly , it is the sound of it that brings me back from the edge of hysteria . 
 when i am finally quiet and still , luca pulls away from me and stares into my eyes . 
 he lifts a thumb and wipes an errant tear from my cheekbone . 
 `` are you going to tell me what is making you so upset ? '' 
 i sit still for a moment . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i tell him and my voice is so quiet in the stillness , in the night that wraps around us . 
 `` my brother died years ago , when i was seven and he was four . 
 i found him . 
 he was floating in the lake behind my parents ' house . 
 finding annica like i did brought the memories back and i had a horrible nightmare about both of them . '' 
 luca pulls me to him again , but not before i see the sympathy on his face , tender and gentle . 
 `` that must have been horrible for you , '' he murmurs as he strokes my back with his fingers . 
 `` you were too young to have seen something so horrible . '' 
 `` it was horrible , '' i agree , burying my face once again in his chest . 
 `` for so many reasons . 
 it was the downfall of my parents ' marriage . 
 my father , who has always been a little irresponsible , was supposed to have been watching christopher while my mother worked the night shift at the hospital . 
 sometime in the night , christopher got up and ventured outside . 
 we do n't know why he went into the lake . 
 i found him in the morning . '' 
 i 'm all cried out now . 
 i have no tears left , but i remain ensconced in luca 's arms . 
 he is a comforting presence right now and even through my distress , i marvel at how his personality can change in an instant . 
 he can go from impassive to commanding to sympathetic and comforting in the space of one moment . 
 mercurial . 
 `` i 'm sorry that happened to you , '' he says softly , ducking his head to look into my eyes . 
 `` i really am . 
 i ca n't imagine what i would do if that had happened to one of my brothers . 
 you must be a very strong person . 
 you were a very strong little girl , too , i 'm sure . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i do n't feel like it right now , '' i admit to him . 
 `` i do n't feel strong at all . '' 
 his dark eyes are understanding , so fathomless and black . 
 they seem like such deep pools that i might fall into and drown in . 
 `` it 's okay to be vulnerable sometimes , '' he tells me . 
 `` you 're only human . '' 
 `` you 're very kind , '' i answer . 
 i push the hair out of my eyes and try to ignore the warmth that being near him generates , the fluttery feelings in my belly . 
 i want him and try as i might , there is no ignoring that . 
 i have to recognize and admit that i want this man . 
 on impulse , before i can think the better of it , i lean forward and kiss him . 
 i wrap my arms around his neck and pull him to me ; inhaling , feeling , touching , absorbing . 
 i am lost tonight , sad on a very basal level , and luca can fill the void in my heart . 
 if only for tonight . 
 his mouth is soft , yet masculine . 
 his day-old stubble grazes the softness of my cheek and he tastes like warm wine . 
 he is hesitant at first , holding his body very still as i press myself into him . 
 my softness meets his firmness and i sigh into his mouth . 
 at the sound , his hands grip at my back , sliding and moving until they are running along my spine and up into my hair . 
 his fingers are strong and he deepens the kiss , pushing his tongue into my mouth as he pulls me tightly to him . 
 his chest is rock hard and his biceps are wiry bands of muscle wrapped around my back . 
 the air hangs heavy around us , charged with sexual energy . 
 it threads over and under , weaving between us , pulling us closer . 
 we are enmeshed now and i do n't know where i end and he begins ; that is how closely we are tangled . 
 luca 's breathing is ragged and his smell is intoxicating . 
 i inhale as deeply as i can with his tongue wrapped around mine . 
 it is everything that i thought kissing him would be . 
 and then he stops . 
 the air around us is charged and hot and magnetic , but luca is motionless as he stares down at me , his beautiful eyes fixed upon mine . 
 my heart is racing as i stare back at him . 
 `` i ca n't , evangeline , '' he tells me regretfully . 
 `` you 're distraught , not yourself . 
 this is n't right . '' 
 i take a second to catch my breath , to bring myself under control . 
 i know my cheeks are flushed . 
 i can feel the heat staining them , evidence of the rejection that i feel . 
 but he 's right and i know it , so i nod . 
 `` okay , '' i whisper . 
 `` but i thought you were n't a gentleman . '' 
 luca smiles in the dark and starts to get up , to return to the living room couch , but that thought makes anxiety shoot through me and i tug on his arm . 
 `` please stay , '' i tell him . 
 `` i ca n't get the nightmares out of my head and i know they 're going to come back . 
 i keep seeing her face . 
 and christopher 's . '' 
 my voice breaks off in the dark and luca looks down at me gently . 
 and then , without even complaining or commenting on the size of the bed , he sits back down and curls behind me , wrapping his strong arms around my waist . 
 his scent curls around me like a blanket and i inhale , feeling calm for the first time all evening . 
 `` sleep , '' he tells me . 
 `` i 'm right here . '' 
 he stays with me all night . 
 chapter sixteen luca when i wake , i am hard . 
 while it is not uncommon for a man to wake with an erection in the morning , i know it is not a by-product of mother nature , but because i am pressed against evangeline 's very lovely backside . 
 i mentally groan . 
 why did i do this to myself ? 
 the memory of her frightened and sad face from last night flits through my mind in answer . 
 that 's why . 
 i disentangle myself from the covers as gently as i can so that i do n't wake her . 
 her hair is spread over her pillow like a cloud of deep red silk . 
 in sleep , she is vulnerable and soft . 
 i bend down , without thinking , and kiss her forehead . 
 she does n't stir and i do n't know why i did that . 
 i make my way out to the living room and pull my shirt on , then hunt for coffee in her kitchen . 
 after i find it , i put some on to brew , then check on grendel . 
 he 's still lying right where i left him . 
 `` good boy , '' i tell him through the door . 
 he looks at me and his tail thumps twice on the ground , but he wo n't get up until i tell him that he can . 
 `` you 're up , '' a soft voice says from behind me . 
 i turn to find evangeline standing in the doorway of her bedroom . 
 her hair is still sleep-tousled and she 's still in her pajamas . 
 she 's as sexy as anything i 've ever seen and i swallow hard . 
 her pajama shorts are very , very short . 
 i suck in my breath . 
 i can not allow myself to be affected by this woman . 
 i nod . 
 `` yes . 
 and there 's coffee on . '' 
 gratitude shimmers in her eyes and i can see that she is like me . 
 coffee is the first thing she thinks about . 
 she patters out to the kitchen and pours a cup before it is even finished brewing . 
 she blows on it , then sips at it . 
 she looks at me . 
 `` you do n't have any yet . 
 here , take mine . '' 
 she shoves it into my hands and i ca n't resist but to sip from where her lips had just been . 
 the idea of it makes me hard again , as well as the memory of her kiss from the night before . 
 i hand her the cup back . 
 `` i can wait , '' i tell her . 
 `` you go ahead . '' 
 she stares at me for a moment , her grayish eyes pensive . 
 `` i 'm sorry i kissed you last night , '' she says apologetically . 
 i stare at her and ca n't help but smile . 
 she does look sorry . 
 `` i 'm not , '' i assure her . 
 she smiles a soft , sleepy smile and i find it endearing . 
 `` evangeline , '' i begin . 
 `` i think you should come stay at chessarae . 
 you 're out here all alone and you 're not going to rest easy that way . 
 i 've got dozens of guest rooms . 
 you can have your pick . 
 it would make me feel better . '' 
 she looks doubtful and starts to shake her head , but i can see the temptation on her face . 
 she does want to , which means that she is really afraid here . 
 she 's a very independent person so i know that she must be incredibly nervous to even consider it . 
 `` it 's not an imposition at all , '' i tell her . 
 `` truly . '' 
 she 's quiet for a moment and then she nods . 
 `` thank you . 
 maybe i will take you up on that , for just a little while , until they find whoever is doing this . 
 this whole thing has shaken me more than i thought . '' 
 `` it would shake up anyone , '' i tell her again and she nods . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she leaves to get dressed and i assume to pack a bag and i am left with doubts and trepidation of my own . 
 why did i do that ? 
 it 's going to make my life so much more difficult as i worry about her safety in my home . 
 i 'll have to be even more careful , more so than i 've ever been . 
 but it seems to be time for that , anyway . 
 chapter seventeen eva i was n't going to accept . 
 but just as i was ready to say the words , no , thank you , visions of my nightmares came back to me , the horrible snakes coming from annica 's rotting mouth and then christopher 's and i was saying yes instead . 
 it was as much of a surprise to me as it was to luca , but it was a relief to me as well . 
 that was surprising too . 
 i had n't realized how scared i had been . 
 the idea of being at chessarae , behind the stone walls that look so impenetrable and strong , is comforting . 
 i pack a bag and emerge back out into the living room . 
 luca is casually waiting for me , sipping a cup of coffee and browsing on his phone . 
 `` adrian will be here momentarily with the car , '' he tells me . 
 `` chessarae is within jogging distance , but i thought it would be easier to drive with your bag . '' 
 he smiles now , a gracious host and i smile back . 
 `` thank you again , '' i tell him . 
 `` i feel a little silly . '' 
 he frowns . 
 `` never feel silly , '' he tells me . 
 `` you 're being smart , not silly . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 the crunch of tires on gravel outside distracts me , followed by a soft knock on the door . 
 i answer it , to find adrian standing on my stoop . 
 he is surprised to be picking luca up from my house , i know . 
 his expression is polite , but curious . 
 perhaps even slightly dismayed . 
 i almost want to explain , to tell him that luca and i did n't do anything inappropriate together , but i do n't . 
 luca and i are adults . 
 even if we had done something , it would n't be inappropriate . 
 so instead , i smile . 
 `` good morning , adrian . 
 thank you for coming to pick us up . '' 
 he nods , still studying me curiously . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 it 's my job . '' 
 he takes my bag and puts it in the trunk , then returns to the house . 
 `` luca ? 
 are you coming as well ? '' 
 luca turns from where he is standing at the back windows , his face back to being impassive and curt . 
 the gentleness that i 'd seen last night is gone . 
 i find that i miss it already , but i intend to not show it . 
 he can do what he wishes . 
 `` of course , '' luca answers . 
 we all slide into the mercedes and are on our way to chessarae before i even know it . 
 a bit later , as we pull through the gates and up the drive , luca turns to me . 
 `` you , of course , will have full use of the property while you are here . 
 do you ride ? '' 
 i look at him . 
 `` horses ? 
 i used to when i was a child . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` we have a stable , if you 'd like to take it up again . 
 we also have a private beach . 
 feel free to use it . 
 if you need anything at all , just ask a staff member . 
 or me . '' 
 we walk into the house and he instructs a maid to take me to a bedroom . 
 he tells her the one that he wants me to use , then turns to me . 
 `` i must excuse myself . 
 i have a conference call . 
 but do settle in and make yourself at home . 
 would you join me in the dining room for dinner ? 
 i eat at 7:00 . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he smiles and the room is brightened . 
 `` i 'll see you then . '' 
 and he 's gone . 
 i 'm left staring at the maid , who stares back at me . 
 it is clear that she is shocked by this turn of events and i 'm left to assume that chessarae does n't receive many guests . 
 the maid leads me through the twists and turns of the enormous house , up a grand staircase and through a long hallway . 
 she glances sideways at me . 
 `` this is the family 's wing , '' she tells me . 
 `` mr. minaldi and his brothers have bedrooms down this hall . 
 yours will be just up the hall from his . '' 
 i gulp . 
 it 's clear she thinks that i will enjoy that fact , maybe even find it convenient . 
 she clearly thinks that he and i have a more than friendly relationship . 
 i suppose that 's an understandable assumption , since he rarely has company . 
 `` it 's kind of him to do this , '' i tell her . 
 `` he took pity on me last night . 
 i was afraid to be alone after these killings . '' 
 the maid nods solemnly . 
 `` yes . 
 it 's horrible . 
 i ca n't believe it 's happening , actually . 
 not here in malta . '' 
 she comes to a stop outside of a closed door and then opens it , gesturing me inside . 
 i am amazed at the luxury contained within . 
 it 's not just a bedroom . 
 it appears to be a suite . 
 the maid turns to me . 
 `` there 's a living room , sitting room , bathroom and dressing room in here . 
 mr. minaldi is just three doors down . 
 if you need anything at all , please just let one of us know . '' 
 and she turns around and leaves . 
 she is n't quick to warm up to people , i decide . 
 but i am too distracted by my lavish quarters to be bothered . 
 the bed is enormous and cushiony , covered in a fluffy pillows and a soft duvet . 
 the furniture is expensive and heavy and the art hanging on the walls is priceless . 
 in contrast to the heavy , dark furniture , the lamps have crystal accents and there are ornate and feminine chandeliers hanging throughout the rooms , even over the sunken marble bathtub . 
 it 's beautiful . 
 i venture back out into the bedroom and find that i have a balcony there . 
 i stand at the rail , staring at the sea below . 
 i ca n't believe the view . 
 it is beautiful , as well . 
 there is nothing but sea for miles and miles . 
 it is apparent to me once again how secluded and quiet chessarae is . 
 it 's near enough to town that luca can jog , but it feels like it is in its own universe . 
 from the balcony , i have a beautiful view of the gardens , as well . 
 there is an intricate english maze below and english gardens to the left and right . 
 a gardener is hard at work pruning one of the many rose bushes and i watch him humming to the music in his earbuds . 
 to my far right , i can see where the jagged horizon forms into cliffs . 
 the cliffs rise dramatically above the seascape , some one hundred feet or so . 
 below that , the sea crashes with fierce ferocity against the rocks . 
 this is a place of both incredible beauty and grace , but also natural danger . 
 it 's a beautiful and delicate balance , something that i will forever associate with chessarae . 
 as i stare absently out to sea , a movement from below , from the corner of my periphery , catches my attention . 
 i look , only to find melina running through the gardens . 
 she is in her customary white dressing gown and it is streaming behind her in the breeze , along with her long dark hair . 
 she does n't have a gray hair on her head . 
 and she should not be out of her rooms . 
 i turn at once and run for the ground floor . 
 it takes me several minutes to burst out from the back of the house and to spill out into the gardens . 
 i look around , but there is no sign of her . 
 so i take off for in the direction i last saw her running in . 
 toward the cliffs . 
 it does n't take me long to weave through the gardens and to emerge on the rocky hillscape . 
 as i do , i find sophia pleading with melina as she backs ever closer to the edge of the dangerous cliff . 
 my pulse is racing and i ca n't breathe , but i rocket to where sophia is standing . 
 melina is having a bad day , that much is apparent . 
 her eyes are crazed , her hair is unkempt and she is babbling in crazy gibberish . 
 `` melina ? '' 
 i call . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i hold onto sophia 's arm to prevent her from inadvertently pushing melina even further toward the edge . 
 melina narrows her eyes . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she calls back suspiciously . 
 i 'm not surprised . 
 even though i 've met with her four times thus far , she does n't know me now . 
 but that is normal for her particular stage of psychosis . 
 some days she has known me , others she has not . 
 `` my name is evangeline talbot , '' i tell her , as though we 're meeting for the first time . 
 `` i could n't help but see you running and i was wondering if i could be of any assistance ? '' 
 i hear sophia on her cell phone behind me , but i do n't take the time to listen . 
 melina 's eyes are still crazily out of focus . 
 `` i do n't think you can , '' she answers back , her voice thin and frail . 
 `` i do n't want to be here anymore . '' 
 `` here at chessarae ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` this is your home and it is very , very beautiful . 
 you 're so fortunate to have such a beautiful home . '' 
 melina glares at me . 
 `` you have no idea , '' she spits . 
 `` chessarae is evil , just like everyone who lives here . '' 
 i take one step toward her , but as i do , she takes one step back . 
 she is only a few dangerous feet from the edge now . 
 i freeze , my hand reaching out to her . 
 the wind is strong up here and it whips violently around us . 
 melina 's gown is wrapped around her legs and our hair is blown into our faces . 
 `` come in to me , '' i urge her . 
 `` i 'd love to talk with you about why you think chessarae is evil , mrs. minaldi . '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you , '' she whimpers . 
 `` i ca n't tell anyone . 
 but i can end my involvement in it . 
 and i will . 
 i 'm going to end it today . '' 
 she backs toward the cliff , one more step . 
 my heart stops because i know that she wants to jump . 
 `` do n't , '' i call out . 
 `` please , melina . '' 
 she sinks down to her heels , rocking back and forth . 
 her dressing gown is spread around her , but her eyes are focused on me . 
 i know she will lunge backward if i move at all . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' she whispers . 
 `` you do n't understand . '' 
 `` then tell me , '' i urge . 
 `` make me understand , melina . 
 i can help . '' 
 she laughs now , a haunting and horrible laugh . 
 i know i will never forget the sound . 
 `` you have no idea , '' she tells me . 
 `` you ca n't help . 
 no one can . '' 
 i hear rustling from behind and i turn to see luca and adrian approaching us cautiously . 
 luca looks stricken , adrian is resigned . 
 they are accustomed to this behavior . 
 but they can see , right now , the very real danger melina minaldi is in . 
 in an altered psychotic state , she has no logical bearing on where she is . 
 `` how did she get out ? '' 
 i hear luca asking sophia . 
 `` she attacked me , '' sophia answered . 
 `` while i was unlocking the door . 
 she ran out and i could n't stop her . 
 i ca n't believe how fast she is . '' 
 `` adrian , '' i call . 
 he approaches . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` can you run into her rooms and bring me back a syringe and the sedative bottle in her medicine cabinet ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 and he 's gone . 
 melina looks at me suspiciously . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 where is the handsome one going ? '' 
 if this was any other time , i would have smiled at her description . 
 adrian is handsome , but not nearly as handsome as luca . 
 `` adrian is going back to the house , melina , '' i tell her . 
 `` it 's dangerous out here on the cliffs . 
 you do n't want anyone to get hurt , do you ? '' 
 she studies me for a moment , then shrugs . 
 `` i did n't invite anyone out here with me , '' she says matter-of-factly . 
 `` you all followed me . 
 i ca n't control your behavior . '' 
 she is laughably logical even in the middle of her lunacy . 
 we are silent for a moment as i wait for adrian to return . 
 i do n't want to startle her until we are ready to act . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 melina asks . 
 `` why are you with him ? '' 
 the malice in her tone as she refers to luca is astounding and i ca n't wrap my mind around it . 
 i ca n't fathom why she hates her own son as much as she appears to . 
 so i ask . 
 she looks surprised by my question . 
 `` my son is evil , '' she tells me . 
 `` he is the devil 's , not mine . 
 i should have had his nurse drown him when he was an infant . '' 
 luca inhales sharply from behind me and i ache to comfort him . 
 the way she speaks of him is horrible , but dementia is often this way . 
 the affected turn on those who they love . 
 it is a tragic disease . 
 `` i hardly believe your son is evil , '' i told her . 
 `` surely you 're mistaken . '' 
 she laughs again . 
 `` if you believe that , you 'll soon be dead with the others . '' 
 my heart seems to freeze . 
 i look at her face and she is so convinced of her words . 
 i glance back at luca and he is impassive once again . 
 he is so very good at covering up his emotions , but i 've decided that it might just be the way he copes . 
 it is a defense mechanism . 
 adrian is back and running up behind us . 
 he hands me the sedative and i turn , concealing my hands as i draw the liquid into the syringe . 
 i tap it , then put it behind my back as i face melina once more . 
 `` luca , '' i murmur quietly . 
 `` go to the right . '' 
 he looks , then nods , then tells adrian to go to the left . 
 i focus on keeping melina 's attention on me . 
 i speak to her soothingly , making her focus on my face and my words . 
 within a minute , luca and adrian rush her from each side . 
 she struggles within their arms , but i am there within a few seconds , administering a strong sedative to calm her . 
 her eyes flutter closed as they keep her restrained . 
 luca scoops her into his arms and i accompany him as he carries her back to her suite . 
 her limp feet dangle over the side of his arm and she looks as small as a child . 
 he puts her on her bed , where we leave her with sophia . 
 as luca locks the door behind us , he thanks me . 
 `` she could 've died today , '' he says . 
 `` you stopped her . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , '' i answer , staring him in the eye . 
 he shows no sign of distress about the incident , about the way his mother feels about him . 
 it breaks my heart that he buries his feelings in such a way . 
 i know that if i were able to help him deal with the feelings , he would feel so much better . 
 so i tell him that . 
 he smiles a grim smile and for a flickering , fleeting moment , i see something in his eyes , something vulnerable . 
 and then it is gone . 
 `` i think i owe you an explanation , '' he tells me instead of agreeing . 
 `` i have an engagement tonight , but i would like to sit down with you tomorrow . 
 it 's the least i can do , since you are living in my home . '' 
 i am surprised at his sudden willingness to talk to me , but i do n't question it . 
 i nod instead . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he smiles and my heart flutters . 
 he is more handsome than any one man has the right to be . 
 `` until tomorrow . '' 
 and he walks away . 
 his spicy cologne lingers in the hall behind him . 
 chapter eighteen at 7:00 p.m. , i find myself alone in the large formal dining room . 
 it appears that luca was unable to be here , detained by yet another conference call . 
 apparently , his job keeps him very busy . 
 i appealed to adrian for company and he told me that he never eats in here . 
 they have traditions here at chessarae and this is one of them . 
 no matter how good of friends he and luca are , the servants do not eat with the minaldis . 
 i find it strange , but i must respect traditions . 
 the quiet in this enormous room is smothering . 
 my fingers drum restlessly on the gleaming mahogany tabletop as i wait for the first course , a chilled cucumber bisque . 
 it is garnished with shaved cucumber rinds and looks almost too beautiful to eat . 
 i thank the butler who delivers it , then lift a spoonful to my lips . 
 it is as delicious as it is beautiful . 
 i wish that luca was here so that i could talk to him about the things that his mother said earlier , the hurtful things that i know must have crushed him . 
 it worries me that he has continually borne the brunt of her delusions and anger without ever having an outlet to process those feelings . 
 i know we 'll discuss it tomorrow , but i 'm impatient to try and help him . 
 in my head , i see the little boy that luca must have been at one time and it saddens me . 
 this is not a good atmosphere to have grown up in . 
 i finish the next four courses then retreat into my room , comfortably full and just slightly tipsy from wine . 
 the solitude in my room is startling at first ; the quiet is so still that it almost roars in my ears . 
 i open the balcony doors and the crash of the sea against the shore provides a quiet and rhythmic background noise as i answer emails from my mother and my father , then work for a bit on my thesis project . 
 my dissertation is coming along nicely , although i know that i need a few more subjects for research material . 
 i make a note to go into valetta sometime this week . 
 i 'm finally tired , and i ready myself for bed . 
 after i brush my teeth , i cover my bare legs with a cashmere throw while i read a book to relax . 
 i know i 'll never sleep until my mind is calmed . 
 the wine did n't help with that , which is unusual . 
 i read for several chapters before i sigh and set it aside . 
 i ca n't focus on the book . 
 normally , i would find it incredibly interesting , but not so tonight . 
 tonight , all i can see in my head is a pair of dark eyes ; dark eyes that are churning with so much unspoken emotion . 
 dark eyes that are an enigma that i ca n't solve . 
 they are at first hard and calculating , then impassive , then soft and gentle . 
 i want to uncover what they really are , but i ca n't get close enough . 
 it 's frustrating . 
 i finally sigh and give up , putting the book away and turning off the crystal-encrusted light . 
 i can hear the sea through the open doors and i focus on that , trying to allow it to lull me to sleep . 
 i visualize the clean sea air covering my body and then focus on relaxing every single body part , attempting to will myself into sleep . 
 no such luck . 
 i am wide awake and staring at the ceiling , watching the moonlight glimmer off of the crystal in the chandelier above me . 
 each perfectly cut piece of glass sparkles with the light of the moon . 
 it is fascinating . 
 and then my door opens . 
 i hear the heavy wood swinging quietly over the thick , plush rug covering the stone floor . 
 i 'm startled at first , until i look up to find luca . 
 i exhale a sigh of relief before a rush of excitement thrills through me . 
 he 's here . 
 in my bedroom . 
 he is standing in the dark shadows of my room , his face somber . 
 he is rigid and alert , not the picture of casual elegance that i have come to expect from him . 
 i look into his eyes and there is an expression there that i have n't seen before . 
 the light is gone from them and he is staring woodenly at me . 
 i instantly decide he must be drunk . 
 `` luca , are you alright ? '' 
 i sit up in bed and pull the covers around me . 
 the nightgown i 'm wearing tonight is barely-there silk , practically indecent . 
 a person can see right through it . 
 luca does n't answer . 
 he 's still leaning against the door , staring at me with the strangest expression and his eyes are so flat that they do n't even glitter . 
 a chill runs down my spine and my heart thuds against my ribcage . 
 my son is evil . 
 melina 's words spring unbidden into my mind . 
 and i 'm being foolish . 
 luca is many things , but evil is n't one of them . 
 `` luca ? '' 
 he strides across the room and is next to the bed in six steps . 
 i stare up at him . 
 his eyes meet mine but i do n't see anything familiar there . 
 he 's not himself ; he 's not anyone i know . 
 his chiseled features are taut , his expression so empty . 
 it 's startling and causes my heart to thunder against my ribs . 
 `` luca , '' i whisper . 
 but he still does n't answer . 
 and then he moves and is everywhere . 
 he is above me and around me on the bed , his spicy scent enveloping me in the night . 
 his strong legs straddle me and his mouth is suddenly on mine , rough and hot . 
 he tastes of scotch and man and his teeth bite into my lip . 
 what the hell ? 
 i am braced against him , as my heart pounds loudly against his , as his hard thigh slides along mine . 
 this is so unexpected and shocking . 
 i ca n't wrap my mind around what is happening , even though time seems to be passing in slow motion . 
 luca 's hands clench me tightly and i am sure that i will have bruises in the form of his fingers tomorrow on my arms . 
 but before i can pry them away , he moves them , ravaging my br ** sts . 
 at first he is much too hard , too harsh and strong . 
 but then he relents , his fingertips sliding into gentleness as he palms my ni ** les , then moves in a circle around them . 
 his fingers are long and strong . 
 sensations shoot through me , stemming between my legs and spreading through my belly . 
 i can feel him , hard against me , as his erection lodges against me , tucked into the juncture of my thighs . 
 he is rock hard . 
 i swallow and i can practically feel my heart in my throat . 
 luca is breathing harshly now , loud in my ear . 
 `` luca ! '' 
 i cry out , finally finding my voice . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 this is n't like you . '' 
 `` do n't you like it ? '' 
 he asks thickly , and his words are almost slurred . 
 he looks up at me and the expression is almost lucid , but not quite . 
 it 's still hazy and empty . 
 i do n't understand it . 
 `` are you drunk ? '' 
 i ask , trying to assess him . 
 he does n't smell like alcohol , however , even though he vaguely tastes of it . 
 he also does n't move . 
 instead , he leans forward and kisses my neck , his teeth nipping at the skin beneath my earlobe . 
 his touch gentles , then firms ; gentles , then firms . 
 it 's a rhythmic rush and against my better judgment , i find myself leaning into it . 
 his hands grip the sensitive tissue of my inner thigh , hard , then harder . 
 he is rough and this is n't how i pictured this scenario with him . 
 i pictured it as sweet and sensual , like when i kissed him in my cottage or when i fantasized about him during those first nights here in malta . 
 this is very much not that . 
 this is charged and electric and violent . 
 he laughs , but does n't answer my question . 
 of course he 's drunk , i answer myself silently . 
 he has to be . 
 this is not the luca that i know . 
 he yanks me to him , ripping my nightgown from my body before he drops the delicate silk into a twisted heap on the floor by the bed . 
 i 'm pushed na ** d backward onto the bed and his fingers are inside of me , sliding in and out , while his arm creates a fascinating friction on the delicate skin of my belly . 
 i can feel the moisture from my body dripping onto his hands . 
 in this moment , i have to admit that i like it . 
 he 's being rough and i like it . 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 i moan as he sucks on my nipple , as he slides it in and out of his mouth at the same speed that his hands are moving . 
 sweet jesus . 
 he gets rougher , sucking harder and moving faster . 
 his hands are everywhere and i arch up toward him , bucking my h * ps to get closer . 
 i have no excuse for enjoying this . 
 i 'm not drunk . 
 but i want him anyway . 
 things that i should care about seem to fall away . 
 i do n't care that he is n't answering me . 
 i do n't care that theoretically , he is my employer . 
 i do n't care if this is n't my dream scenario . 
 all i care about are the sensations that are overwhelming me . 
 the moments are coming in flashes now . 
 his lips against my neck , his mouth on my breast , his hot breath on my skin . 
 his hand brushes my thigh , his fingers grip my side . 
 his fingernails cut into me and i gasp . 
 he glances at me , but does n't truly see me . 
 his gaze is unfocused . 
 luca steps backward , away from me . 
 the cool breeze blows over my skin as i watch him , causing goose bumps to form . 
 i wait , my breath frozen and my cheeks flushed , for him to come back to me . 
 his strips his slacks off and kicks them to the floor . 
 his penis is long and hard and curved against his belly , an impressive sight . 
 i eye it and then him . 
 it 's been awhile since i have been intimate with anyone but he does n't give me time to be nervous . 
 he pushes against me again and he is not gentle . 
 his bare chest slides over mine as he thrusts hard and fills me up , sliding with an exquisite friction . 
 i whimper and clutch at his back . 
 i should be angry , i should be resisting , but i do n't want to . 
 i want him here . 
 i want him inside of me . 
 i ca n't lie . 
 the truth is that i 've fantasized about this from the day i met him . 
 the flashes come back , instead of logical thought . 
 he thrusts . 
 i arch . 
 my leg curves around his hip . 
 his hands are in my hair . 
 he pulls . 
 i moan . 
 he bites my lip . 
 i taste blood . 
 as he thrusts into me , hard and rhythmic , i force myself to focus . 
 because when i stare into his eyes , they are flat and black . 
 the thunderclouds that i sometimes see in them are markedly absent . 
 the milk chocolate gaze that i sometimes see there is gone . 
 there is nothing there right now , just an empty void and it startles me . 
 i grip him tighter at the same time as i pull him closer with my legs . 
 he is filling me , filling an emptiness that i did n't even know that i had . 
 i find myself wishing that i could do the same for him . 
 `` luca ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 but he does n't answer and his handsome face is twisted into something angry . 
 but then , i 'm distracted by the overwhelming sensations that threaten to carry me to a place that i had n't expected to go tonight , not like this . 
 luca thrusts harder and harder and finally i 'm screaming his name as intense pleasure wracks my body in waves and leaves me shaking on the sheets . 
 he throws his head back and groans and i feel his hot seed pouring into me , completely filling me and then he falls limply to the side . 
 `` luca ? '' 
 my voice is quiet in this large room , tentative . 
 he does n't say anything and he does n't stay . 
 he simply picks up his slacks , puts them on and walks away without a word . 
 the door closes once again behind him and i 'm left alone . 
 did that just happen ? 
 the wet ejaculate running down my thighs tells me that it did . 
 i lie in a motionless heap , my legs still quivering , as i think about what just happened . 
 was i just raped ? 
 that 's absurd . 
 you ca n't rape the willing , i tell myself . 
 and i did want it . 
 i was willing and i wanted luca more than i 've wanted anything in quite a while . 
 but if i 'm honest , i know that it would n't have mattered if i 'd submitted willingly or not . 
 luca would have taken me with or without my consent . 
 the look in his eyes told me that . 
 my son is evil . 
 i ca n't shake the words . 
 he 's not evil . 
 i know it . 
 i know it in my bones and in my heart . 
 he 's not evil . 
 but he 's ... something . 
 i just do n't know what it is . 
 and he was right earlier . 
 i deserve an explanation , especially now , and i ca n't wait to get it from him tomorrow . 
 but it will definitely have to wait until tomorrow . 
 i 'm not leaving this room tonight . 
 i get up and clean off , then lock the door . 
 then i go back to bed and replay every moment of the intimate exchange . 
 it had been primal and intense and electrifying , even as it was puzzling . 
 and as i think about where his lips had been , the way he thrust into me , the way he bit at my neck , i find myself getting wet again . 
 my lips are swollen from his kiss , my body aching from the rough sex . 
 everything about it seems so forbidden , so erotic . 
 my fingers slip beneath the sheets and into my panties , and for the second time since i have known him , i satisfy myself while i think of luca . 
 chapter nineteen luca i wake on my bed , fully clothed . 
 i do n't remember going to bed at all . 
 in fact , i remember very little from the time that i finished up a conference call and had a nightcap in my study until now . 
 my heart beats fast although i 'm no stranger to a foggy memory . 
 i lie still for a bit , trying to clear my thoughts , to let the sleep fall away . 
 as i do , i catch a whiff of sex . 
 what the f ** k ? 
 i lift my hands to my face and inhale . 
 sex . 
 this jerks me wide awake and i quickly sit up , trying to remember the events from last night . 
 but my memories are a frustrating fog . 
 i vaguely remember walking from the study down the hall toward my bedroom , but it 's a blur from there . 
 when my curse comes , i usually remember everything up until the moment that the darkness overtakes me . 
 i do n't remember anything of the sort from last night . 
 nothing at all . 
 something is n't right . 
 am i changing ? 
 is this what happens as i get older ? 
 the frequency of my episodes becomes higher and i do n't remember anything ? 
 my head drops into my hands . 
 what did i do last night ? 
 what the f ** k did i do ? 
 there 's no way of knowing . 
 my heart sinks as i come to that realization . 
 i wo n't know unless i 've done something and gotten caught . 
 and at this point , being captured would almost be a relief , a welcome end to the constant anxiety and stress that i have been feeling for so long . 
 for years , my curse has been controlled . 
 it is only now , this year , that episodes have come on so quickly and without warning that i 'm not able to get home in time . 
 and that is why i have recently made the decision that i simply wo n't leave chessarae . 
 not unless it is very , very necessary . 
 the people in valletta thought i was a recluse before . 
 they 'll surely think so now . 
 i swing my legs out of bed and make my way into the shower , allowing the hot , steamy water to run over me for at least a half hour . 
 it feels as though i 'm washing away the unknown and to be honest , it is a very good feeling . 
 i convince myself that if i do n't remember anything , then there probably is n't anything to remember . 
 i more than likely finished my nightcap and fell immediately to sleep . 
 i turn off the water and grab a towel , running it over my hair and stepping back into my bedroom . 
 as i do , i am startled to find that i am not alone . 
 evangeline sits on my bed , fully dressed . 
 she looks pensive , as though she is n't sure what to think . 
 and then she turns to meet my gaze . 
 she does n't seem embarrassed at all that to find that i am stark naked . 
 i quickly wrap the towel around my waist . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 i try to appear unnerved , as though it is completely normal to find a beautiful woman in my bedroom . 
 `` can i help you with something , evangeline ? '' 
 she was expecting me to say something else . 
 i can tell . 
 her face is expectant , then it clouds over with my words . 
 she opens her mouth and then closes it . 
 `` evangeline ? '' 
 i prompt . 
 `` do you need something from me ? '' 
 i cross the room quickly , pulling out a shirt from my wardrobe . 
 i pull it on over my head and as i do , the towel drops to the ground exposing every bit of my manhood to her . 
 `` shit , '' i mutter , turning away . 
 instead of picking up the towel , i pull on a pair of underwear and then a pair of slacks . 
 when i am dressed , i turn back to evangeline and smile . 
 `` okay . 
 this should make things more comfortable . '' 
 i sit on the edge of the bed next to her and she almost flinches away . 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 `` dr. talbot ? '' 
 she looks at me calmly , her gray-green eyes unflinching . 
 `` yes . 
 to answer your earlier question , yes . 
 i do need something from you , luca . 
 yesterday , you said that you owed me an explanation . 
 and after last night , i think i deserve one more than ever . '' 
 i am frozen and can barely breathe . 
 `` last night ? '' 
 i repeat and then stop , remembering the smell of sex on my hands . 
 surely not . 
 surely if i 'd done something with eva , i would remember it . 
 i meet her eyes , though , and i know it is true . 
 the beautiful , delicate woman sitting before me is calm and quiet and strong . 
 but i can see it in her eyes . 
 i assaulted her . 
 my head drops into my hands . 
 chapter twenty eva `` an explanation , '' i remind luca , as calmly as i can . 
 he seems upset , distraught even . 
 i am puzzled . 
 i 'm the one who should be distraught . 
 whatever is making him so upset ? 
 i ask him that and he looks up at me with tortured eyes , the dark and pained expression that has caused my heart to melt more times than i can count lately . 
 it 's particularly angst-filled today . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he says , his voice pained . 
 `` for anything that i might have done last night . 
 i 'm very sorry . '' 
 he stares at the floor as if he ca n't meet my gaze . 
 i stare at him . 
 `` you do n't remember it ? '' 
 i ask , struggling to keep my voice steady . 
 he does n't remember being with me at all ? 
 how insulting . 
 `` were you drunk ? '' 
 luca shakes his head curtly , just one movement . 
 he stares out his windows , his eyes so distant , as though he is wishing that he were anywhere but here . 
 i should be furious with him , but i am intrigued instead . 
 there is something here , something about luca that i do n't know . 
 i can feel it . 
 i have felt it all along and it is time for him to share it . 
 right now . 
 `` you had sex with me , '' i announce . 
 `` you came into my room and you had sex with me . 
 it was rough and you did n't talk to me , either before or after . 
 after it was over , you left without a word . '' 
 i wait for a response . 
 luca stares at the floor and i notice that his fists are clenched at his sides . 
 his knuckles are white . 
 `` luca ? '' 
 he does n't immediately answer , but after a moment , he raises his head and his dark eyes are tortured . 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 he asks . 
 he sounds like he is forcing the words from his lips , as though they are abrasive and painful in his throat . 
 `` you bruised my arms , '' i tell him . 
 he immediately moves closer to me and picks up an arm to examine it . 
 i allow him , my heart breaking for the pain i see on his face . 
 i wish i understood what was going on with him . 
 so i tell him that . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i know things are n't what they seem . 
 last night you were a different person , someone cold and distant and borderline violent . 
 but that 's not the person that i know . 
 that 's not the luca that i know . '' 
 i 'm pleading with him . 
 i can hear it in my voice and he can , too . 
 i do n't want to believe it of him . 
 and i know that he can hear that , as well . 
 he lets my arm fall back to my side and he closes his eyes for just a moment before he opens them again and looks me in the eye . 
 `` evangeline , you do n't know me at all . 
 there are many things about me that you do n't know . 
 but there 's one thing about me that you should . 
 i owe that to you . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` okay . 
 tell me . 
 i wo n't judge you . '' 
 he almost smiles , the corners of his mouth curving ever so slightly . 
 but it is n't a smile of humor . 
 it 's a dark , cryptic smile . 
 as though he knows far better than i do that i am wrong . 
 `` i 'm sorry i hurt you , '' he tells me again . 
 `` very , very sorry . 
 i wish it had n't happened . '' 
 i smile now . 
 `` i 'm not sorry that it happened , '' i tell him honestly . 
 `` a twisted side of me enjoyed it . '' 
 his head snaps up now , his surprised gaze locked with mine . 
 `` you enjoyed it ? '' 
 he croaks . 
 i have to smile at his expression . 
 i shrug . 
 `` it 's been a long time for me , '' i admit . 
 `` and you 're a very handsome man , luca . 
 in all honesty , i 've been attracted to you since the moment we met . 
 was it an ideal encounter ? 
 no . 
 but i ca n't lie and say that i 'm sorry it happened . '' 
 he 's quiet now as he assesses me . 
 he 's probably trying to determine just how much of a freak i am . 
 clearly , only a freak would enjoy what happened last night . 
 right ? 
 `` i 'm drawn to you , too , '' he tells me quietly , finally . 
 `` you 're refreshingly honest . 
 you 're such a light in the world and i am exactly the opposite . 
 i should n't be near you , i should stay far away . 
 but i have n't . 
 and for that , i 'm truly sorry . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` oh , god . 
 please tell me that you 're not going to say that you 're dangerous for me and that you need to stay away from me for my own good . 
 please tell me those words are n't going to come from your mouth . 
 that 's the stuff that movies are made from . 
 that 's not reality . '' 
 luca is silent , every muscle still . 
 `` it 's my reality , '' he tells me soberly and i can see that he is completely serious . 
 `` i 'm dangerous , evangeline . 
 i really am . 
 and while i would like nothing more than to explore this attraction that i feel for you , i simply ca n't . 
 and after i 'm finished explaining everything , you will understand why . '' 
 i 'm uncertain now , hesitant . 
 `` okay , '' i answer slowly . 
 `` explain . 
 do you have a drug problem ? 
 is that why you ca n't remember last night ? '' 
 `` jesus , evangeline ! '' 
 he snaps . 
 `` of course i do n't have a drug problem . 
 although i wish that was the case . 
 it would be such an easy fix . '' 
 i 'm taken aback by the brusque tone to his voice , then dumbfounded to hear that he thinks drugs would be easier to overcome than whatever his problem actually is . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 but a spotty memory and out of control actions can signal a drug problem . 
 tell me what it is , luca . 
 maybe i can help . '' 
 `` you ca n't help , '' he says quietly , his expression dark . 
 `` no one can . 
 and i do n't want to discuss it here . 
 do you trust me enough to come with me ? 
 i need to show you something so that you will believe me . '' 
 i ponder that for a moment and to my surprise , i do find that i trust him . 
 he might have secrets , but i can see in his eyes that he would never knowingly hurt me . 
 whatever last night was , it was n't something that he purposely did . 
 he was out of control . 
 he was n't himself . 
 he was n't himself . 
 i nod . 
 `` yes . 
 i trust you . '' 
 he stares at me , long and hard and regretful . 
 `` i hope you do n't live to regret that . '' 
 he stands and offers me his hand , and to my surprise , i take it . 
 his fingers are long and strong and warm as they wrap around mine . 
 i expect him to release it after he helps me from the bed , but he does n't . 
 he holds my hand tucked inside of his as we make our way through the house , out the back doors and into the english maze . 
 chapter twenty-one luca i lead evangeline down the secret steps into my cave . 
 her expression is contained and guarded . 
 she meant what she said . 
 she is desperately trying to withhold judgment . 
 i respect that about her even though i know that after i am finished explaining , she will contact the authorities and i will be arrested . 
 surprisingly , i am numb to that . 
 i do n't dread it at all . 
 i almost welcome it . 
 as we round the corner into the suite , evangeline 's eyes widen . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 she murmurs as she takes everything in . 
 when her gaze passes over the bed with the chains protruding from the wall , her eyes narrow . 
 `` what the hell , luca ? 
 you 're into kinky shit and you thought you would bring me here because you think i 'm kinky , too ? 
 i 've got news for you . 
 i 'm not . 
 i enjoyed last night , but i 'm not a sexual freak . '' 
 she spins on her heel and starts to walk for the door , but i grab her elbow gently . 
 `` please wait , '' i ask her . 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 this place is for me , those chains are for me . 
 i needed for you to see it before i tell you my story . 
 see how elaborate this hideout is ? 
 do you see the expense that has gone into making it safe and secluded from the rest of the world ? '' 
 eva keeps her eyes narrowed as she nods . 
 `` i do . 
 but i do n't see how it is relevant , luca . '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` can we sit ? 
 i want to explain . 
 would you like a glass of wine ? '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` it 's 9:00 a.m. , luca . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 she levels her gaze at me . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i have to laugh and i get a bottle of wine and two glasses , and we sit on the couch facing each other . 
 `` you need to talk now , '' she instructs me as i hand her a glass . 
 i nod . 
 i 'm not sure where to begin , but i decide to just start speaking . 
 the words begin pouring from my mouth , beginning with when i was small and first realized that i was different . 
 `` my mother would lock me in my room , '' i remember aloud . 
 `` she would bind my hands and lock me in my room until the darkness passed . '' 
 there is horror on evangeline 's face . 
 `` she locked you in your room ? 
 alone ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` she did n't know what else to do . '' 
 `` there are many other things that she could have done , '' eva says drily . 
 `` what do you mean when you say ` the darkness ' ? '' 
 `` the only way i can describe it is to say that everything becomes blurry and then shortly after that , i enter oblivion . 
 i do n't know what happens or what i do . 
 when i wake , i can remember feeling blurry and entering the blackness , but nothing after that . '' 
 `` how long has this been going on ? '' 
 evangeline asks , her voice no-nonsense and medical . 
 she 's trying to tap into her psychiatrist self , to remain impassive and detached , but i can hear a thin strain of horror in her voice . 
 `` all of my life , '' i answer simply . 
 `` i do n't remember a time when it did n't happen . '' 
 `` is this why your mother thinks you are evil ? '' 
 eva asks . 
 `` because you have blackouts ? 
 perhaps they are seizures . 
 have you been examined by a doctor ? '' 
 `` yes , this is why my mother thinks that i am evil , '' i tell her . 
 `` and no . 
 i personally have not been examined . 
 my mother would never hear of it when i was small . 
 it would have been devastating for the family name for this to get out . 
 you see , it does n't just affect me . 
 it affects minaldi men . 
 my father was afflicted . 
 his father , his father 's father and so on . 
 my father once told me that my grandfather had gone to a doctor in desperation , but they could find nothing wrong with him . 
 it is a medical mystery , a genetic anomaly . '' 
 `` what do you do when you become ` afflicted ' ? '' 
 evangeline 's voice is small now , as though she is afraid of the answer . 
 she is gripping her wine glass with white fingers . 
 i 'm not sure what is paler , her fingers or her face . 
 the blood seems to have leached from her entire body . 
 `` i think i 'm violent , '' i tell her . 
 `` it 's been getting worse . 
 and i fear that i might be responsible for the deaths of the girls in valletta . '' 
 she gasps and her wine glass tumbles to the floor and shatters , spattering the couch and the rugs and our legs with crimson wine . 
 evangeline leaps to her feet , hunting for things to clean up the mess . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she tells me . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i was just ... this is surprising . 
 this is not what i was expecting to hear . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she is keeping her distance now and i do n't blame her . 
 she flutters about like a hummingbird , finding paper towels and a broom and dust pan . 
 i take the broom from her and when my fingers brush against hers , she cringes away . 
 and then she apologizes . 
 when i look into her eyes , i see fear there . 
 and it is crushing . 
 i had n't realized that i would care so much about what she would think . 
 but the fear in her eyes practically reaches in and crumbles my spirit into twisted up bits . 
 more than anything else , i do n't want her to fear me . 
 i would never purposely harm her , so i tell her that . 
 `` not purposely , '' she agrees . 
 `` i know you would never purposely harm me , luca . 
 i know you well enough to know that . '' 
 she is still keeping her distance as she throws the broken glass into a trashcan . 
 i notice that she stays a small distance away , leaning against the marble counter in the kitchenette . 
 `` i know when it is coming , '' i tell her . 
 `` you 're safe . 
 if i begin to get an episode , i 'll let you know and you can stay away from me . '' 
 she sticks her chin out , an attempt at pluckiness . 
 `` i do n't want to stay away from you , '' she tells me firmly . 
 `` i want to help you . 
 i know that i can , luca . 
 this is the twenty-first century . 
 medicine has come a long way since your great-great grandfather tried to get help . 
 back then , they were still using leeches to suck toxins out , for god 's sake . 
 i can help you . 
 i promise . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` you should never make a promise that you ca n't keep , evangeline , '' i finally answer . 
 i can hear the hopelessness in my voice and i 'm sure she can , as well . 
 `` i do n't , '' she answers . 
 and i know that she believes it . 
 evangeline talbot has spirit . 
 i have to give her that . 
 it never occurs to her that perhaps something is impossible , that something just ca n't be done . 
 that she ca n't do something . 
 it 's a trait i admire about her . 
 it 's something similar to what lives in me . 
 i finally nod . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll let you try . 
 what should we do first ? '' 
 evangeline thinks on that for a moment . 
 `` we 'll have an initial session . 
 we 'll just talk . 
 i need to get a feel for things . 
 and i 'll want to have a blood panel run on you ; just to make sure your blood levels are all normal . '' 
 `` fine , '' i agree . 
 `` we can start tonight after dinner . '' 
 `` fine , '' she answers . 
 she smiles and there is no fear there now . 
 and for a scant moment , just one , i feel hope . 
 i feel like perhaps , just maybe , evangeline can help me . 
 but then reality comes immediately crashing back down because i know she ca n't . 
 there 's no reason for false hope . 
 no one can help me . 
 but i smile back at her anyway . 
 `` it 's a date . '' 
 chapter twenty-two eva luca does n't show for dinner . 
 he sends a handwritten note excusing himself . 
 apparently , there was an urgent matter at minaldi shipping and he had to leave unexpectedly . 
 he wo n't be home for at least another day and so he promises me a rain check . 
 i can do nothing but think about what happened last night , about the things that he told me this morning ... about his theory that he is the one killing the girls in valletta . 
 the mere thought causes chills to race down my back , standing the hair up on my neck . 
 it ca n't be him . 
 i do n't know if that 's what i really believe or what i want to think . 
 either way , i sit on my balcony with my laptop and throw myself into research . 
 i uncover everything i can possibly find about the murders in the newspapers online . 
 i research disorders that could possibly explain luca 's symptoms . 
 i try to piece everything together . 
 more importantly , i focus on my own feelings about him . 
 i 'm angry with him ; for scaring me , for confusing me , for practically accosting me . 
 i say practically because i really did want it . 
 i 'm so conflicted by the events and my own emotions that i consider leaving . 
 chessarae is dangerous for you . 
 melina 's words play in a loop in my head . 
 maybe i 'm really not safe here . 
 it 's only a coincidence that i wanted luca . 
 it would n't have mattered if i did n't , he would have taken me against my will . 
 i am under no delusions about that . 
 the cold and dark look on his face as he hovered above me in the night can attest to that . 
 but then i remember the tortured look that was there after i told him what he 'd done and it threatens to rip my heart out of my chest . 
 especially when i remember what else melina said . 
 i should 've had his nurse drown him when he was an infant . 
 what kind of mother says such a thing ? 
 my heart breaks for the childhood he must have had . 
 he grew up knowing that his own mother wished that he 'd never been born . 
 i can only begin to imagine what kind of issues that would give him . 
 and yet he still takes care of her , still gives her top of the line medical treatment . 
 i think that goes a long way to show what kind of person that he really is . 
 i swallow hard . 
 i ca n't abandon him . 
 for reasons unknown to me , he 's chosen to let me in and expose everything that he is . 
 probably for the first time since he was a child , he 's made himself vulnerable to someone . 
 to me . 
 against his better judgment , he 'd like to hope that i can help him . 
 i can sense that . 
 and i just ca n't bring myself to crush that fragile hope . 
 i ca n't do it . 
 so instead , i will stay . 
 i 'll stay and try everything i can think of to help him . 
 luca touches me in a place where i have n't ever been touched . 
 he pulls at my heart ; his vulnerability , his darkness . 
 he needs me . 
 it appeals to the psychiatrist in me , but more than that , it appeals to the woman in me . 
 the feeling is as strong as anything i 've ever felt . 
 it 's as though i 'm getting sucked out to sea in a dark current , the waves swelling above me and pulling me under ... and i ca n't swim away from it . 
 i ca n't leave him . 
 i ca n't abandon him like his mother did . 
 she did n't physically leave , although that would probably have been healthier for him . 
 no , she tore his heart apart by rejecting him when he needed her the most . 
 i wo n't do that . 
 i wo n't . 
 i walk restlessly on the beaches and in the gardens . 
 i turn the situation over and over in my head and even though i have theories , i ca n't make much progress in analyzing it until i have spoken with luca in depth . 
 on the third day , my phone rings . 
 `` evangeline , it 's luca . '' 
 as if i would n't recognize his voice . 
 `` hi , '' i say softly . 
 `` are you planning on coming home or have you made a run for it ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he tells me . 
 `` it was a supply chain emergency that i had to handle in person . 
 i 'll be home tonight so i 'm calling to reschedule our date . 
 i should arrive after dinner . 
 will that work for you ? 
 you could meet me in my study after you eat . '' 
 `` of course , '' i tell him . 
 `` it 's a date . '' 
 we hang up and i take a walk in the fresh air and then put my notes together , organizing my thoughts as well . 
 as much as i 'm looking forward to it , hearing what luca might tell me frightens me as well . 
 i only hope i 'm ready for it . 
 chapter twenty-three luca is n't back in time for dinner . 
 he said that he would n't arrive until afterward , but i guess i was still a little hopeful that he might be early . 
 instead , i 'm alone once again in this huge room . 
 i pick at my food , pushing it around on my plate . 
 i 'm not hungry . 
 i 'm anxious . 
 i 'm scared about what luca might tell me , about how i should process hearing un-hearable things . 
 i 'm also anxious because i 've never encountered a disorder like his and i have to wonder how much of it is as he thinks . 
 schizophrenia sometimes presents itself as paranoia . 
 the patient gets crazy ideas and fully believes them . 
 but luca does n't seem schizophrenic . 
 he seems calm , lucid , intelligent . 
 and dangerous . 
 i suck in my breath at the thought , at the memory of his eyes from the other morning . 
 so dark , so pained , so full of emotions that i ca n't even name . 
 it wrenched something inside of me loose , something that i had hidden long ago . 
 the ability to care . 
 when my brother died , i lost the ability to care . 
 not because i wanted to , but because it was so very painful that i had to find a way to cope . 
 my parents were not themselves during that time ; they were so engrossed in their own grief and anger and devastation , that they did n't really have it in them to help me through my own ordeal . 
 i was left to deal with it alone . 
 and the way i eventually handled it , the way that i was able to come through it intact , was to compartmentalize my emotions , to learn to step back from anything that might be painful . 
 it 's why i 've never been in a serious relationship . 
 i 've been in sexual relationships . 
 i 've had casual relationships . 
 but i 've never had a lasting , deeply emotional relationship . 
 i would never take that risk . 
 i unconsciously made the decision long ago that nothing would ever hurt me again . 
 i know that drawing closer to luca is taking a chance . 
 i feel him pulling me to him , closer every day . 
 every time i see him , i want to be even closer . 
 and he 's damaged . 
 i do n't know to what extent yet , but my heart does n't seem to care . 
 i push my plate away and glance at the giant clock on the far end of the wall . 
 it 's time . 
 i pad through the quiet , darkened halls that lead to luca 's study . 
 but before i get there , i hear faint music . 
 i stop . 
 music ? 
 i strain my ears and listen . 
 in this house , this large and silent house , the piano music that drifts down the empty hall is haunting and desolate . 
 it causes chills to run up my spine and goose bumps to form on my arms . 
 i do n't know why . 
 without thinking , i turn into the direction that it is coming from . 
 i am led into a large open room that overlooks that sea through a wall of glistening windows . 
 a grand piano is situated next to the windows and luca sits at it , bathed in silvery moonlight as his slender hands deftly and gracefully play the ivory keys . 
 his dress shirt is unbuttoned at the collar , his tie untied . 
 he is immersed in the music that he is creating , oblivious to everything but the haunting melody that is flowing through the beautiful instrument beneath him and into the salty air around him . 
 each breath i take is saturated with the haunting melody and the sea and i am frozen in the doorway , unable to move . 
 luca 's beauty in this moment is greater than anything i 've ever seen . 
 his face , so chiseled and perfect , is dark and shadowed now . 
 his glossy dark hair slants across his forehead but he is distracted by nothing . 
 he is intense as he leans into the music . 
 i watch his hands , so slender and graceful and long . 
 they lightly urge the music from the ivory beneath them and i know in this instant that this man , this beautiful man , can not be a killer . 
 it is impossible . 
 this is why i have n't gone straight to the polizia with his claims . 
 he can not be the person that he thinks he is . 
 i slump against the doorway , unable to move away from him or the beautiful music that he is creating . 
 i close my eyes and let it waft over me , inhaling it , imagining that his fingers are flowing over me as softly as they move over the piano keys . 
 somehow , watching luca play the piano is erotic . 
 i do n't know how or why . 
 but it is eternally and achingly sexy . 
 the melancholy music flows to a haunting stop and i open my eyes . 
 luca is turned to me now , his exquisite hands in his lap . 
 his eyes meet mine and i do n't know what his are saying . 
 the expression is unreadable . 
 `` your hands are not those of a killer , '' i tell him softly , barely above a whisper . 
 `` it 's impossible , luca . '' 
 he closes his eyes briefly , then reopens them . 
 and i find that i am thankful . 
 i need to see into his eyes . 
 `` you do n't want to think so , '' he answers and he sounds weary . 
 `` i do n't either . 
 but all indications point to the contrary , dr. talbot . '' 
 i ignore his words . 
 `` i could listen to your music forever , '' i tell him instead . 
 he smiles and the room brightens . 
 `` i did n't write it , '' he says with a small grin . 
 `` ludovico einaudi did . 
 it 's beautiful , is n't it ? 
 i 've always loved his work , but this is my favorite . 
 it 's called i giorni . 
 it has a haunting quality that i ca n't get away from . '' 
 `` i agree , '' i tell him . 
 `` if i could hear that every night before bed , i think i would sleep better . '' 
 he looks at me thoughtfully . 
 `` do you have trouble sleeping ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i 'm an insufferable insomniac . 
 i have been since i was a kid . 
 since ... '' my voice trails off . 
 `` since your brother died ? '' 
 luca guesses . 
 i nod . 
 emotion bubbles up in my throat , but i push it back down . 
 i swallow hard , then swallow again . 
 luca is staring at me , his expression still unreadable . 
 `` perhaps i can make you a cd , '' he tells me and his tone is kind . 
 very kind . 
 `` you can listen to it as you ready for bed , and it might soothe you into sleep . 
 i personally find the piano soothing , both playing it and listening to it . '' 
 `` how long have you played ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` since i was old enough to reach the pedals , '' he answers . 
 `` does n't every rich boy learn to play the piano ? '' 
 he is wry now , almost sarcastic . 
 `` my mother insisted upon it . 
 but i am glad now that she did . '' 
 he rises from the piano bench and approaches me . 
 `` shall we , dr. talbot ? 
 i 'd like to get this over with . '' 
 i take his offered elbow . 
 `` you 're not looking forward to speaking with me ? '' 
 i ask , feigning hurt feelings . 
 the corners of his mouth lift into a very small smile . 
 `` not particularly , '' he answers truthfully . 
 i smile back . 
 `` i promise , it wo n't hurt , '' i tell him . 
 `` never make promises that you ca n't keep , '' he reminds me as he holds his study doors open for me . 
 i enter first , then turn to him . 
 `` where would you like to sit ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he sits in one of the leather armchairs that we sat in when i was first here . 
 i take the other one . 
 `` can you start at the beginning ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he nods . 
 and so he tells me of life at chessarae . 
 of being a child here , with a mother who was distant and detached and a father who was never home . 
 luca knows why now , because nicolas was increasingly confined to the cave in the maze , more and more as his life progressed . 
 but since the minaldis do not speak of their curse , not even to each other , he did n't understand as a boy . 
 he felt abandoned and alone . 
 luca minaldi may be confident and powerful on the outside , but on the inside he is a broken little boy . 
 and with each word that comes from his mouth , from his perfectly formed lips , i feel my heart constrict just a little more until it is difficult for me to speak , to ask him questions . 
 `` when did you understand what was happening to you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 it 's hard to formulate sound around the lump that has swelled in my throat . 
 `` i always knew , '' he answers , quiet in this large room . 
 he gets up and pours us each a glass of scotch , moving fluidly . 
 he takes a gulp of his and i grip my cold glass tightly . 
 `` i always knew . 
 my mother told me at a very young age that there was something wrong with me , that i was a monster like my father . 
 my brothers and i had a nurse who stayed with us in our wing . 
 if we showed signs of sleepwalking or something similar , she was instructed to tie our hands to our bed and not allow us to leave until it had passed . 
 as time went on , it was clear that it only afflicted me . 
 my brothers were normal . '' 
 a tear slips from the corner of my eye now as i picture luca as a boy , terrified and alone in the darkness of his room , tied to his enormous bed . 
 `` luca ... i. . . '' 
 i ca n't speak any more . 
 the words wo n't come . 
 and another tear slips down my cheek . 
 my eyes are hot and burning , so i close them . 
 `` do n't cry for me , evangeline , '' luca tells me . 
 `` i came to terms with this long ago . 
 life is what it is . 
 we must deal with the hand that we are dealt . 
 this is my burden to bear . 
 everyone has one , including you . 
 you still have unresolved issues surrounding your brother 's death . 
 you know it as well as i do . 
 you 've built a wall around yourself . 
 do n't think i have n't seen it . 
 it 's invisible , but it is there . '' 
 i nod . 
 i ca n't lie . 
 it is true . 
 `` but no one ever tied me to a bed , '' i say softly . 
 `` perhaps not , '' he answers . 
 `` but they might as well have . 
 you 're tied to what happened , just the same . '' 
 he 's right . 
 i know he is right . 
 but we 're not here to talk about me . 
 we 're here for him , so i tell him that and he nods . 
 `` you 're right , '' he answers . 
 `` you 're here because you want to save the un-savable . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` do n't say that , '' i almost plead , surprising myself with my emotion . 
 `` you 're not un-savable . '' 
 he chuckles mirthlessly . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` please . 
 tell me what you remember of your episodes . 
 how have they gotten worse ? 
 what do you remember of each one ? 
 what exactly makes you think that you are violent , that you could be behind the murders in town ? '' 
 luca speaks and his voice is husky in the night , like velvet . 
 as he tells me what he remembers , i ache to reach over and draw him into my arms and hold him there , protecting him from everything the world might do to him . 
 `` there was blood on my hands . '' 
 he finishes up with these words and the hair stands up on the back of my neck . 
 `` blood on your hands , '' i repeat slowly , my heart frozen in my chest . 
 i feel suddenly numb . 
 he nods . 
 `` i washed it away and i have no idea how it got there but it was the morning after the second girl , sophia romano , was killed . 
 then again after the third . '' 
 i swallow . 
 i had really wanted to believe that he is wrong , that he is n't a violent killer . 
 but how can blood on his hands be explained ? 
 i shake my head silently as i realize that it ca n't . 
 chapter twenty-four `` i do n't want to be this way , '' luca tells me . 
 i can hear the sincerity in his voice . 
 it is aching and raw and i can do nothing but believe him . 
 the truth is in his eyes . 
 he is not lying . 
 `` i know , '' i tell him . 
 `` there has to be a medical answer . 
 there is something ... a chemical imbalance maybe . 
 we 'll find it and fix it . 
 i promise . '' 
 he grins , his smile both a little wicked and a little sad . 
 `` do n't forget what i said about promises . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' i whisper . 
 luca has n't taken his eyes from mine and we seem to be attached by an invisible tether . 
 the energy between us right now is palpable , i can practically reach out with shaking hands and touch it . 
 `` evangeline , '' he says softly , his dark eyes glued to mine . 
 `` i 'm so sorry about the other night . 
 i wish i could remember . 
 i wish i could take it back . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' i tell him honestly . 
 `` i really do n't . '' 
 he gazes out the window for a scant moment more , seemingly deep in thought , before he crosses the room to me . 
 he kneels in front of me and looks into my eyes . 
 in this moment , he is as vulnerable as i 've ever seen him , as i 've ever seen anyone . 
 he 's completely open to me , hiding nothing . 
 i want so desperately to kiss him . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i tell his dark eyes , praying that i do n't fall into them . 
 `` i want to kiss you right now . 
 but i ca n't . 
 you 're my patient . 
 there are ethics ... '' luca shakes his head , his hands on my knees and his gaze upon mine . 
 `` you are n't my doctor , evangeline . 
 you 're my friend . 
 i 'm simply talking to a friend who wants to help me tonight . 
 you 're not licensed to practice medicine in malta , remember ? 
 so where does that leave your ethics ? '' 
 he smiles wolfishly and waits without moving . 
 he 's offering himself to me . 
 i know that . 
 and it is against his better judgment . 
 he has told me that , as well . 
 yet here he is , on his knees in front of me . 
 i suck in a breath and inhale the air that is so charged with everything that luca is . 
 whatever that is . 
 it is dangerous on many levels . 
 i know that . 
 i reach out unsure fingers and trace the top of his shoulders , moving over the contours . 
 they are so broad , yet so slender at once . 
 he 's perfectly built . 
 strong , lithe and powerful . 
 i drop my head . 
 i know that i do n't want to resist him anymore . 
 for the first time in my life , i 'm going to do something that my heart wants to do , not what my head tells me to do . 
 i grip him tighter with my fingers and pull him to me . 
 he folds in between my knees , pressing me to his chest . 
 i can hear his heart thumping rhythmically against mine as my fingers linger on his warm back . 
 he dips his head and presses his forehead to mine , staring into my eyes . 
 his are a smoldering and stormy black . 
 `` i 'm afraid to get close to you , '' he tells me . 
 `` i 'm afraid for you . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' i whisper . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you . 
 kiss me , luca . '' 
 even i can hear the thick desire in my voice and luca hears it too . 
 he groans and covers my mouth with his own , muffling the sound with my lips . 
 he is pressed so close that he seems to absorb me . 
 every plane of his body is against every plane of mine . 
 i do n't know where he stops and where i start , but it does n't matter . 
 all that matters is him and me and this . 
 i ca n't breathe as his fingers run along my arms , down over my back and further to my h * ps and then he pulls me up , into him . 
 he grips me tightly , his hands cupping my behind before lifts me , laying me on the thick rug on the stone floor . 
 he hovers above me , brushing the hair from my eyes before he is once again in my mouth , my tongue mingling with his . 
 we both taste of scotch , but his taste is exquisite . 
 so hot and primal and luca . 
 i do n't care what the future brings . 
 as long as there is this . 
 so i tell him that and he groans again , into the side of my neck . 
 he kisses me there , brushing his lips along my skin , inhaling me as though i am the most fragrant thing that has ever existed . 
 his breath is warm on my neck . 
 i arch into him and he melts into me . 
 he is hard . 
 every bit of him is hard . 
 i can feel it , can feel him . 
 the tip of his erection pushes against the juncture of my thighs , against my damp panties . 
 he pulls off my skirt , then my panties and i am exposed to him as his hand slides against the softness of my thigh . 
 the cool air brushes against my hot flesh and i almost shiver . 
 i can feel the rigidity of his penis pressing against me , but he withdraws it and i want to whimper . 
 but it is replaced by his fingers . 
 long and strong , he plays me as deftly as he played the ivory keys of the piano . 
 an ache spreads through me , radiating from the lowest depths of my belly . 
 i suck in my breath and push against his hand , my h * ps moving in an age old rhythm that comes as naturally to me as breathing . 
 `` i want to see you , '' i murmur against his neck , before i nip at his earlobe , pulling that delicate skin lightly in my teeth . 
 luca sucks in his breath and takes a step away , staring down at me as he purposefully removes his shirt and tosses it onto the floor . 
 his biceps are lean , yet bulging and muscular . 
 his chest is perfectly chiseled . 
 each muscle rippling into a perfect v that points to his crotch . 
 my heart is pounding and i watch his long fingers as they unbuckle his belt and then he steps out of his slacks . 
 then his underwear . 
 his hard erection is standing at full attention , curved against him , evidence that he definitely wants me . 
 he is magnificent . 
 my breath is frozen now , while his is harsh and ragged . 
 holy hell . 
 his is the most beautiful male body i 've ever seen , absolutely perfect in every way . 
 the energy between us is intense , like nothing i 've ever felt before . 
 i ca n't help but to reach down and grasp his hardness , sliding my fingers along it , listening to his sharp intake of breath as i touch him . 
 i ca n't help but smile . 
 he 's hard for me . 
 this is for me . 
 with my grasp firm , i slide my hand up and down his shaft , smiling a little as i feel the tremors in his abdomen . 
 he likes my touch and he leans into it as i move my hand . 
 i decide to take it a step further and with my eyes still joined with his , i lick a trail from his abdomen to his nipple . 
 when i arrive , i trace a little circle around it with my tongue before i slip it into my mouth and suck . 
 he almost gasps as he grabs my shoulders and moves me away . 
 `` if you do n't want me to come in your hand right now , you need to stop , '' he rasps . 
 i ca n't help but smirk . 
 he smiles at that , wolfish and wicked , and i know that i am in trouble . 
 he bends in front of me yet again , rocking me backward until i am once again lying in front of him . 
 he hovers above me , his stare still frozen to mine as he slides first one finger into me , then two . 
 i feel tremors rippling through my belly and i ca n't breathe again . 
 the friction is exquisite and i never want it to stop . 
 and then he withdraws his fingers , and very , very purposefully puts one in his mouth . 
 still staring me in the eye , he slides his finger in and sucks the taste of me off . 
 oh , holy hell . 
 i 've never seen anything sexier than that . 
 luca 's eyes are a stormy , stormy black as he looks into mine . 
 his gaze is on fire and it sets me ablaze as he bends until his face is mere centimeters from mine . 
 `` i want to be inside you , eva . '' 
 i look at him . 
 `` you called me eva , '' i state simply . 
 he smiles against my lips . 
 `` i think we 're friends now . '' 
 he laughs softly , his chest rumbling against my own as he lifts my leg around his na ** d hip . 
 finally . 
 he moves gracefully above me then slips into the moist depths of me and i push into him with all of my strength . 
 oh my god . 
 i wanted this . 
 but i never knew it would feel so good . 
 i am emotional now and i feel tears slipping down my cheeks once again , but luca kisses them away as he rocks against me . 
 he seems to instinctively know that i 'm not sad , i 'm just filled with every emotion that i think i 've ever had . 
 luca thrusts and i quiver , my thighs shaking against him . 
 his chest is damp and my mind is a blur now . 
 i can only think of him . 
 i can only see him . 
 everything else fades away . 
 except for luca . 
 he is the only thing that matters in this moment and i focus on his face . 
 he moves slowly , easing in and out of me and i clutch his shoulders . 
 when he lowers his hand , swirling his fingers around the most sensitive part of me , i cry out . 
 he silences me with his mouth , his lips soft against mine . 
 his fingers move in time with his thrusts and i feel myself coming undone , building toward a precipice that i know i will fall from . 
 i do n't even breathe as i rock toward it , clutching luca for dear life as he brings me higher and closer to the edge . 
 and then without warning , the room explodes with color and light and sensations too strong to even name . 
 i have never experienced such a thing in my life . 
 it was n't a simple orgasm . 
 it was un-nameable . 
 indefinable . 
 it was amazing , but so much more than that . 
 `` say my name , '' he instructs me , his voice hot and low in my ear . 
 `` luca , '' i breathe . 
 `` again , '' he says . 
 `` luca . '' 
 i can hardly speak at this point , can hardly breathe . 
 i hang on to him limply as he thrusts harder and faster . 
 `` tell me what you want , '' he demands hotly . 
 `` tell me , eva . '' 
 he slows and slides all the way out , hovering there . 
 waiting . 
 `` tell me , '' he says again ; still waiting . 
 unmoving . 
 `` come in me , '' i whisper , and i do n't know where the words come from . 
 i just know that i want to feel him . 
 i want to absorb his sadness and his need and everything that he has to give me . 
 and then he buries himself sharply into me again . 
 i gasp and clutch at him , the delicious friction pushing me upward yet again . 
 he is kissing my shoulders and my neck and finally , he causes me to come undone . 
 i am all but whimpering from it when he shudders . 
 i feel him throbbing and pulsing inside of me as he empties everything that he is into me . 
 and then we are quiet and still in this emotionally charged moment . 
 he is balancing his weight above me and i can still feel every bit of him . 
 still inside of me , he leans his forehead once again to mine and then kisses me , his lips brushing the dampness of my brow . 
 he pulls out and rolls to the side and i feel immediately empty , as though i am missing something . 
 because i am . 
 i never want to be without luca again and that thought , that emotion , startles me . 
 it scares the hell out of me . 
 i sit up . 
 luca is sitting up too , gazing at me with his dark stare . 
 it 's the stare that has haunted my dreams from the moment that i met him . 
 `` you 're beautiful , '' he tells me . 
 `` just so you know . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i murmur . 
 `` you 're beautiful , too . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` men are n't beautiful , eva . '' 
 `` you are , '' i insist . 
 `` inside and out . '' 
 his breath catches and his gaze is stormy again . 
 `` i wish that were true . '' 
 `` it is , '' i say . 
 and i mean it . 
 `` there is a part of you that needs my help . 
 but luca , i can help you . 
 i really can . '' 
 he stares at me , then smiles slightly , sardonically . 
 `` i 'm a monster , eva . 
 there is no saving a monster . 
 but i love that you want to try . '' 
 my heart constricts at the expression on his face . 
 he has no hope for himself , so i have to hope for him . 
 `` you 're not a monster , '' i argue softly . 
 `` you 're a man , luca . 
 a man like any other , you 're made of blood and bone . 
 you 're not a monster . 
 you have a good heart . 
 i can see it in your eyes and i can feel it when you 're inside of me . 
 whatever this is , this darkness that plagues you ... we 'll figure it out . 
 together . 
 i promise . '' 
 he sighs raggedly and i know that he wo n't argue with me tonight . 
 but he wo n't believe simple words , either . 
 i know that , too . 
 so i will simply have to show him . 
 i have to help him . 
 i have to . 
 i will be as lost as he is if i do n't . 
 chapter twenty-five my phone rings and wakes me from a delicious sleep filled with sensuous dreams and dark eyes . 
 i fumble for the offending noisemaker , find it and growl an intelligible greeting into it . 
 `` good morning . 
 are you hungry ? '' 
 the voice on the other end is husky and smooth . 
 it 's luca . 
 that fact makes me instantly happy and i smile , remembering last night . 
 luca had spent most of the night with me and it was delicious . 
 i run my fingers along my arms and then my neck , remembering how his lips had touched the same places . 
 ; how his fingers had caressed every inch of my body . 
 it gives me pleasant shivers . 
 `` yes , '' i tell him honestly . 
 `` i 'm starving . '' 
 `` you should be , '' he laughs . 
 `` i 'm in the mood for pizza , '' he continues , and i can hear him smiling through the phone . 
 i picture his perfect white teeth . 
 `` luca , '' i point out . 
 `` it 's 8:00 a.m. '' he laughs . 
 `` well , to get good pizza , it will be a bit of a jaunt . 
 are you up for it ? '' 
 `` of course , '' i tell him . 
 `` i love good italian . 
 i 'll go to great lengths to get it . 
 i 'll meet you downstairs shortly . '' 
 i throw some clothes on , yank a brush through my hair and rush down the stairs . 
 he meets me in the foyer downstairs and asks if i have my passport . 
 `` in my room , '' i tell him . 
 he smiles . 
 `` you should go get it , '' he tells me . 
 i raise an eyebrow , but do as he asks . 
 a short time later , we have flown to italy on a minaldi jet and are sitting on the patio of his favorite italian restaurant . 
 in italy . 
 our conversation is light and friendly . 
 we do n't talk about anything heavy or ugly or deep . 
 it is simply a lovely day in the sun ; something that two friends or two people on a date would do . 
 i stare at him over a piece of hot , perfectly greasy pizza , winding a piece of cheese around my finger . 
 luca , in his expensive slacks and tailored shirt , should look out of place with a slice of pizza in his hand . 
 but he does n't . 
 he looks casual and at ease . 
 i smile . 
 `` do you do this often ? '' 
 i ask , one eyebrow cocked . 
 he looks innocent . 
 `` do what ? 
 have lunch ? '' 
 he takes a bite , chews it and looks at me then grins . 
 `` in italy ? '' 
 he laughs and i have to laugh with him . 
 `` well , italy is n't that far from malta , really , '' he defends himself . 
 `` only a few hundred miles . '' 
 `` uh-huh , '' i nod my head , humoring him in an exaggerated way . 
 `` yes , i always take a private jet to lunch too . 
 definitely . '' 
 he laughs again and flicks a rolled up straw wrapper at me . 
 i duck and it sails past me . 
 i 've never seen the light-hearted side of luca minaldi . 
 i like it . 
 so i tell him that . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` you think i 'm always gloom and doom ? '' 
 but after i point it out , he does n't seem as light-hearted as he was and i regret bringing it up . 
 his phone rings and since it is an important business call , he has to take it . 
 he excuses himself and takes it outside of the dining area . 
 i eat another slice of pizza and drain the rest of my soda . 
 and then i sit and enjoy the sun on my shoulders while i wait for him to return . 
 after a few minutes , he is back . 
 `` are you ready for the best tiramisu you 've ever had ? '' 
 i grin . 
 `` you will never have to ask me that question twice . '' 
 he tosses some bills on the table and we go right around the corner to a little bakery where he orders one piece of the decadent dessert . 
 we sit at a bistro table in the corner and he feeds me bites . 
 this can not possibly be the same luca minaldi that i have come to know . 
 this luca minaldi is relaxed and casual . 
 i immensely enjoy it . 
 although we know that shadows linger around us in the form of his family 's ` affliction ' , it feels wonderfully amazing to simply enjoy a normal , fun day . 
 `` what would you like to do now ? '' 
 he asks me after we 've all but licked the little dessert plate . 
 his question surprises me . 
 `` i thought this was just a lunch date , '' i tell him . 
 `` we have time to look around ? '' 
 <br/> `` did i tell you ? '' 
 luca asks quietly from beside me . 
 i nod . 
 this chapel seems so reverent that we should n't even speak . 
 to speak would mar the serenity that this place holds . 
 after i soak in the beauty for several minutes more , luca turns to me . 
 `` would you like to go beneath the city ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` definitely . 
 i 've heard about the underside of naples . 
 it 's supposed to be like stepping into ancient rome . '' 
 `` and it is , '' luca assures me . 
 `` come . 
 you will love it . '' 
 he steers my elbow through the throngs of people waiting to see the veiled christ . 
 a short time later , we find ourselves deep under the city of naples in a place where time seemed to rewind and stand still . 
 `` oh , my word , '' i breathe as we make our way through the sand-stone brick tunnels . 
 we descend into first century b.c. , into a greco-roman theatre which has the seating capacity of six thousand . 
 our tour guide tells us that nero sung through an earthquake here . 
 i am spellbound by the history surrounding us . 
 it 's amazing and awe-inspiring . 
 luca reaches over and picks up my hand , holding it within his as we wind our way deeper and deeper through the catacombs . 
 my favorite part is the section beneath the san lorenzo maggiore church . 
 in other parts of the tunnels , we had to use our imaginations to picture what life must have been like . 
 but here in this part , we are surrounded by ancient roman storefronts ; by a roman laundry and bakery . 
 by the street that ran below . 
 it is absolutely incredible . 
 so i turn and tell luca that . 
 he smiles at me graciously , looking pleased by my joy . 
 `` you 're incredible , '' he tells me . 
 he lifts my hand to his lips and kisses it and my stomach flutters . 
 even in the dim lights of the tunnel , he is strikingly handsome . 
 he bends and presses a kiss to my forehead , then holds my hand for the rest of the tour . 
 it 's a magical day . 
 we fly back to valletta in the evening , quietly enjoying each other 's company . 
 i lay in his lap on the leather sofa on the plane , staring up at him . 
 he absently twirls a piece of my hair as we chat . 
 `` did you always want to be a doctor ? '' 
 he asks , making conversation . 
 i nod , my neck scraping against his zipper . 
 `` yes . 
 ever since my brother died . 
 i became fascinated with how people handle different situations and why everyone does so differently . 
 have you always wanted to work in the family business ? '' 
 he thinks on that for a second . 
 `` it was never really a choice . 
 i never considered what i wanted to do , because my brothers and i always knew this was our path in life . '' 
 `` that makes me a little sad , '' i tell him . 
 `` people should always have a choice . '' 
 he stirs a little , then rests his arm over my hip . 
 `` i had a choice , eva . 
 this is what i chose . 
 to be complacent and take my place within the family . 
 i 'm not as excited about it as my brother damien ... he always wanted to run the company . 
 but i 'm fine with it . 
 i would probably choose it again , if i needed to . '' 
 `` well , that 's the important thing , '' i answer . 
 i find myself sleepy , so i tell him that . 
 he smiles . 
 `` go ahead and sleep then . 
 we have a while until we get home . '' 
 home . 
 oddly enough , it feels good to think of chessarae as home . 
 i close my eyes . 
 i wake some time later to feel luca 's lips on my forehead , then my neck . 
 i open my eyes and look into his . 
 i see a delicious storm brewing there . 
 `` did i ever tell you thank you for lunch ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he smiles , his grin full of something delightfully wicked . 
 `` nope . 
 but i know a way you can show me . '' 
 i smile back . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 he nods seriously . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 `` and how is that ? '' 
 he grins wickedly now . 
 `` well , first you put your hand here . '' 
 and he lifts my hand , settling in onto his crotch , which grows instantly hard beneath my fingers . 
 i quirk an eyebrow , then grin . 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 `` use your imagination , '' he whispers into my ear as he nips at my earlobe . 
 `` i 'm a doctor , '' i remind him . 
 `` i do n't have much imagination . 
 i 'm left-brained . '' 
 but the entire time i am speaking , my hands are moving . 
 before he even knows it , his pants are unfastened and my tongue is circling the tip of his penis , while my fingers are sliding up and down the shaft . 
 `` you 're doing fine , '' he growls , his hands cupping my behind and pulling me closer as his breath comes in pants . 
 `` you seem to have the mechanics down . '' 
 i smile , my lips curving against his erection , before i close my mouth and begin to suck , all the while still moving my hands . 
 i can hear the breath catching in his chest as i move faster and faster . 
 finally , he speaks , although it sounds almost pained . 
 `` eva , if you do n't stop , i 'm going to come in your mouth . '' 
 i do n't stop . 
 * * * i 'm weary by the time we reach chessarae . 
 the sun has already set and it is late as we glide into the driveway . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 luca asks me . 
 `` i can have the staff prepare dinner . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 he nods , then comes around to open my door and we enter the quiet house . 
 the servants have all retired for the evening . 
 it 's empty and dark . 
 i find that i 'm not ready for the day to be over , and apparently , luca is n't either . 
 we are both reluctant to part ways and return to our separate rooms . 
 `` let 's have wine on the terrace , '' luca suggests . 
 and i agree . 
 `` that sounds lovely , '' i tell him . 
 i take a seat in the gardens while luca brings the wine . 
 i am amazed at how serene and happy i feel right now , after the angst i felt last night on luca 's behalf . 
 i start to bring it up , but luca shakes his head . 
 `` let 's have a day where we do n't discuss ugliness , shall we ? '' 
 he suggests . 
 `` this has been a good day . 
 i 'd like to keep enjoying it . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` okay . 
 i understand that . '' 
 he smiles in appreciation and sips his wine . 
 `` you know what i 'm in the mood for ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , what ? 
 i know what you were in the mood for earlier , but i think you 've been indulged on every level ... '' my voice trails off and he laughs . 
 `` let 's go for a ride . '' 
 `` a ride ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` a ride . '' 
 luca sets his wine glass down and holds out his hand . 
 i take it and i find myself being led to the stables . 
 `` by yourself or with me ? '' 
 he asks as we enter the building . 
 the sweet smells of hay surround us and i murmur , `` with you . '' 
 `` good answer , '' he says approvingly , and he only saddles one horse . 
 he lifts me up , then swings up behind me . 
 i lean back against him , against his warmth and strength . 
 i can feel his heart beating against my back and i enjoy the feeling very much . 
 by now it is dusk and we are on the beach , the large horse easily carrying us through the sand . 
 the sea crashes to our left and i stare at the moon . 
 `` it 's beautiful here , '' i say drowsily , my back absorbing the heat from his chest . 
 `` i love it here at chessarae . '' 
 `` it can be very beautiful , '' luca answers . 
 `` especially when you are here . '' 
 his strong arms tighten up around me and warmth fills me up . 
 i 'm treading a dangerous line here and i know that . 
 the line is about to blur to a place where i will no longer be able to be objective where luca is concerned . 
 tonight , however , i am having a hard time caring about that . 
 we ride for at least an hour more . 
 when we finally return to the stable , it is very dark and i am very tired . 
 however , when i slide to the ground and turn , only to find myself face to face with luca , i suddenly realize that i 'm not too tired . 
 he ducks his head and covers my mouth with his , still hungry . 
 we make love again , here in the stable against the wall . 
 he picks me up easily and holds me as my legs encircle his hips . 
 i do n't even feel it as my back slides against the stable wall . 
 i lick the side of his neck and i decide that i love the taste of him . 
 i tell him that , whispering it into his ear . 
 `` i love the taste of you , '' he says , and his eyes get a wicked gleam . 
 he pulls out of me and slides to the ground to his knees and then fills me with his tongue . 
 my knees instantly grow weak . 
 my hands grasp first at his hair and then at the wooden beams of the wall behind me and my eyes glaze over with pleasure . 
 it 's all i can do not to whimper . 
 by the time he is finished , however , i am doing more than whimpering . 
 i am screaming his name , then falling limply to his chest as he moans mine . 
 by the time we finally return to the house , i have decided that it has been a very good day . 
 chapter twenty-six luca i do n't know why i have done this . 
 i have no excuse . 
 my behavior is as reprehensible as i am myself . 
 to have drawn eva to me like i have , to have acted on what i know we should n't have ... it 's unforgiveable . 
 yet even still , i tighten my grip on her . 
 she is sleeping now , deep and still and peaceful , her crimson hair spread around her on the pillow . 
 the moonlight drifts in through her balcony doors and i wonder why we did n't open them before we collapsed into the bed . 
 but we were n't thinking about the balcony doors when we came into this room . 
 we were exhausted by how much we had ` indulged ' ourselves today . 
 and after we came into this room , and my intentions were only to tuck her in , i could n't help myself . 
 she was so soft and beautiful , i could n't resist but to stay . 
 i drew her to me and she came so easily , sleeping in my arms . 
 her soul is so beautiful and i know that i will break it . 
 against every lingering shred of my will , i know that i will break it . 
 i sigh raggedly in the dark room . 
 she 's beautiful and gentle and god would never give me someone like her and allow it to work . 
 he would n't . 
 yet still i clutch her . 
 she is soft beneath my fingers and i know that i should let go . 
 that i should get up from this bed and never come back . 
 but i ca n't . 
 the selfish part of me ca n't do it . 
 eva moves slightly and i adjust my hold on her , allowing her to turn . 
 she settles in , turning her face into my chest and i wrap my arm around her . 
 she is vulnerable in sleep and i feel an inherent need to protect her . 
 against myself . 
 i sigh , a ragged sound in the night . 
 i carefully get up , taking care to not disturb her . 
 i 'm restless now . 
 if i stay in bed , i know i will disturb her . 
 i first cross to the balcony doors and open them , allowing the fresh sea breeze to come in . 
 then i make my way down the halls to the great room where i play the piano , trying to play the restless energy out of myself . 
 but an hour passes and i am still wide awake . 
 i move to the outdoors for a walk in the fresh air . 
 the gardens are lit with the silvery light of the moon . 
 i can smell the earth , moist with evening dew , as i walk through the dimly lit paths . 
 i move quietly through the fragrant blooms to the terrace . 
 i sit on a nearby marble bench , staring absently at a bubbling fountain in front of me , trying to allow the soft blue light in the water to lull me to a sleepier place . 
 it does n't work . 
 `` you could n't sleep , either ? '' 
 adrian 's low voice interrupts my solitude and i turn to find him standing behind me . 
 he 's dressed casually , in sweats and a t-shirt and it looks like he has been in bed . 
 his hair is slightly rumpled . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 you ? '' 
 adrian shakes his head . 
 `` nah . 
 fucking full moon . '' 
 he rolls his eyes and i lift mine to the sky . 
 there is a full moon tonight . 
 i had n't noticed it until now . 
 huge and yellow , it hangs low in the sky , barely visible on the edge of the horizon . 
 it 's a beautiful sight , mother nature at her finest . 
 `` so the moon 's at fault for your shitty sleep patterns now ? '' 
 i scoff . 
 adrian shrugs . 
 `` why not ? 
 everything else is blamed on it . 
 child birth , bad behavior , crimes , epileptic seizures . 
 why not my insomnia ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` as you like . '' 
 he sits next to me and hands me a flask . 
 `` night cap ? '' 
 i take it from him wordlessly and take a gulp . 
 scotch . 
 adrian always knows what i like . 
 of course , i hooked him on the stuff years ago . 
 i would n't be surprised if he kept this flask in the glove compartment of the mercedes . 
 i mention that and he smiles without incriminating himself . 
 `` what 's going on with eva ? '' 
 adrian asks instead , his blue eyes focused on me . 
 he does n't beat around any bush . 
 he never has . 
 i sigh . 
 `` is it that obvious ? '' 
 `` luca , you 've moved her into your estate . 
 you disappeared with her on the jet all day . 
 and since you did n't fill me in , i know that you 're doing something that you know i would n't approve of ; something you know that you should n't . 
 for all i know , she 's in your bed right now . '' 
 i do n't confirm or deny that . 
 `` she is , '' adrian says , his eyes widening as he watches my face . 
 `` no , she 's not , '' i answer . 
 because she 's not . 
 i was in hers . 
 and adrian correctly guesses that next . 
 `` then you were in hers , '' he says firmly . 
 i stare at my hands , my jaw clenched so tightly that i can feel it twitch . 
 adrian rolls his eyes . 
 `` luca . 
 i do n't want to rain on any parade , but you know this is n't a good idea . 
 and you know why . '' 
 i take another slog from the flask and set it on the table , then turn a hard gaze to my friend . 
 `` i 'm not a child , adrian . 
 and the last i knew , you worked for me , not the other way around . '' 
 a stain of red flashes on adrian 's cheeks and i feel instantly guilty . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i tell him . 
 `` that was n't called for . 
 i 'm sorry , adrian . 
 i 'm on edge . '' 
 `` it 's alright , '' adrian says , laughing it off as he always does . 
 `` i get it , luca . 
 she 's gorgeous . 
 and smart . 
 and has it all pulled together . 
 she is the total package . 
 but it 's not a good time for you . '' 
 `` it will never be a good time for me , '' i point out , dejected . 
 adrian stares at me , his thoughts hidden . 
 i arch an eyebrow at his expression . 
 `` what ? 
 it wo n't . '' 
 i 'm grumbling now like a spoiled child , but i ca n't help it . 
 this is my life we 're talking about . 
 and at this particular moment when there is a beautiful woman sleeping in the house who by all logic is unattainable to me , i 'm feeling like life is a little unfair . 
 in fact , life is sometimes a raging bitch whom i would like to punch in the face . 
 `` it is what it is , luca , '' adrian says quietly . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i reach for the flask on the table one more time and take a gulp . 
 i 'm finally starting to feel sleepy . 
 `` thanks for the drink , '' i tell him . 
 `` thanks for the shitty company , '' he tosses back . 
 i smile . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 adrian shakes his head and tucks his flask back into his pocket . 
 i nod at him . 
 `` good night . '' '' 
 ` night . '' 
 he goes in one direction for his room and i go in the other to eva 's . 
 i find myself once more thankful for him . 
 he 's been there for me since i was a kid . 
 we grew up together and he 's talked me into as many things as i 've talked him into . 
 i know that he means well . 
 and more importantly , i know that he 's right . 
 and i hate that . 
 as i make my way through the quiet house , i feel significantly sleepier and i silently praise the effects of the scotch . 
 but as i enter eva 's rooms and latch the door behind me , my mind starts to fog and cloud and i curse . 
 fuck . 
 not now . 
 please not now . 
 but the inky black fog still curls around my conscious thought , threatening to eradicate it , blurring the edges of logic , quickly absorbing any cognizant thought . 
 my shoulders slump . 
 fucking full moon . 
 if the situation were n't so dire , i would laugh that i had just blamed my darkness on the full moon like adrian . 
 i 'm not a werewolf . 
 but i am cursed and it is coming . 
 right now . 
 i lean against the wall for a moment , trying to breathe deeply and stave it off . 
 i feel different than normal . 
 my mind is a blur , but not blackness . 
 i 'm puzzled and confused , but remain still for a moment , trying to breathe through it , to figure it out . 
 i should be slipping away at any moment , but instead , i am remaining in a static foggy state . 
 what the hell ? 
 why are things changing ? 
 `` luca ? 
 is everything alright ? '' 
 i glance up to find eva sitting up in bed , her sheets pulled tightly around her shoulders . 
 her face is anxious and beautiful in the moonlight . 
 `` it 's coming , '' i tell her brusquely . 
 `` now . '' 
 she leaps from the bed and rushes to me , naked . 
 her hands are on my flushed face , her cool fingers brushing the hair away from my forehead . 
 `` it will be okay , luca , '' she tells me calmly . 
 `` focus on my face . 
 look into my eyes . 
 we can do this . '' 
 `` you do n't understand , '' i growl . 
 `` i 've got to get out of here . 
 now . '' 
 i start to leave , to turn away , but she clings to my elbow . 
 `` do you trust me ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` you wo n't hurt me . 
 i know it . 
 trust me now , luca . 
 do n't leave . '' 
 i 'm still able to think logical thoughts , although the clouds are building in my mind . 
 perhaps i can remain sane tonight . 
 perhaps she can help me . 
 it 's a possibility . 
 all things are possible , right ? 
 i know that i 'm beginning to think like a lunatic , but i do n't care . 
 all i know is that i want to stay with eva . 
 i do n't want to leave this room . 
 i do n't want to hurt anyone . 
 i turn to her and fold into her waiting arms . 
 but even as i do , the fog begins to overtake me and turn to red . 
 my vision tunnels and i gasp . 
 i can see through the fog , but my thoughts are sluggish and growing slower by the moment . 
 i suddenly feel sexuality raging through me ; a fierce and aggressive need and i am hard against her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 her gray-green eyes are turned toward me , confused and anxious . 
 `` i do n't know , i do n't know , '' i mutter , trying to turn away , but she holds me fast and my thoughts are n't coming as they should . 
 `` this is n't right , '' i tell her helplessly . 
 `` this is n't right . 
 i 'm not myself . '' 
 the light fades away and the blackness comes , as it always does . 
 the last i remember , i am pulling her back to the bed and my hands are on her neck , her eyes closing . 
 then nothing . 
 when i open my eyes again , it is light . 
 and i am in the stable . 
 i sit for a moment , alone , trying to remember what happened , what i have done . 
 but nothing is there . 
 i catch glimpses of things ; of eva 's frightened face , of my fingers around her neck , my tongue on her body , my hard thrusts into her . 
 i raped her . 
 i am aghast , appalled ; filled with hatred and repulsion . 
 of myself . 
 i 'm a monster . 
 i do n't deserve to remain alive . 
 this has to end . 
 i ca n't do this anymore . 
 the desolation of it all has finally pulled me under . 
 i can not continue to exist in such a way . 
 i sit with my head in my hands until i feel eva 's presence . 
 i feel her before i see her , but when i look up , she is here . 
 she found me . 
 and then i realize that there is blood on my hands and my stomach turns over . 
 `` it happened again , '' i tell her needlessly . 
 her face is tortured and sad as she nods silently . 
 there is no need for words . 
 chapter twenty-seven eva luca does n't remember anything that happened last night , but he insists that his episode came on differently than before . 
 he was cognizant for longer than normal , then there was absolutely nothing but fog . 
 no memory whatsoever . 
 he 's insistent that his curse is changing , that he will not live in such a way . 
 he wants to go to town and turn himself in to the polizia , but i was able to talk him out of that for the time being . 
 i do n't know why . 
 the ethical side of me knows that that is the right thing to do . 
 but the side of me that is in love with luca ca n't bear it . 
 i 'm in love with luca . 
 i swallow hard as i label the vial of his blood that i took from him this morning . 
 i love him . 
 he has broken through the barriers that i have surrounded myself with and he stole my heart . 
 he holds it unwillingly in his hands , because he does n't want me involved with him . 
 but i can not do anything else . 
 i love him . 
 i write his name on the label and wrap it around the tube of crimson blood , dropping it into a padded envelope . 
 i give the envelope to a maid to send out with a courier . 
 luca relented so easily this morning , allowing me to take his blood even though he is certain it wo n't reveal his problem . 
 he truly feels that he can not be helped and that breaks my heart . 
 he is secluded now , closed away in his cave . 
 he does n't want me there . 
 he wants to remain there alone until he sees that his curse is n't returning today , until i can try and figure out how to help him . 
 the bruises that he left on my neck filled him with such anger and self-loathing that he could n't even look at me . 
 i tried to tell him that he did n't rape me , that i could have stopped him . 
 but truthfully , if i had wanted to stop him , i do n't know that i could have . 
 but i did n't tell him that part . 
 i did n't have to . 
 he already knows and it is tearing him apart . 
 i picture him , alone and chained in his cave and my heart splits into two . 
 i cringe and my eyes grow hot . 
 but i push that away . 
 i ca n't help him if i fall apart . 
 and i know that in order to help him , i need to speak with someone who has been there all along , even longer than adrian . 
 i have to speak with melina . 
 i find myself at her door , a tiny tape recorder in my hand . 
 i knock and sophia answers , her face surprised . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dr. talbot , '' she tells me politely , her body blocking the entrance to melina 's rooms . 
 `` but we were n't expecting you until tomorrow . 
 she 's not even dressed . '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' i tell her . 
 `` i 've just had to rearrange my schedule . 
 i 'd like to see her now . '' 
 i practically push past her . 
 nothing will deter me . 
 `` very well , '' sophia says , allowing me to pass . 
 `` she more lucid in the mornings , anyway . 
 you will probably be able to help her more this way . '' 
 her words do n't surprise me . 
 most people with dementia are this way . 
 but since luca wanted me here in the evenings with her , to help diffuse difficult situations , that is what i did . 
 someone with dementia truly ca n't be helped , their disorder ca n't be healed . 
 it can only be controlled as well as possible with medication and therapy . 
 there was no way that i could heal her by meeting with her during lucid mornings . 
 but i can glean information that i can possibly use to heal her son . 
 i find melina seated at her dining room table , an elegant shawl wrapped around her thin shoulders . 
 she looks up in surprise . 
 `` dr. talbot , '' she greets me . 
 i am surprised that she remembers me . 
 she has n't yet done so in any of our other sessions . 
 `` please sit , have breakfast with me . 
 you are here quite early today . '' 
 she is acting as though nothing is out of the ordinary , even though she seems as lucid as i am . 
 i am flabbergasted as i sit across the table from her and inconspicuously push the button on my digital recorder to `` record . '' 
 `` mrs. minaldi , you seem bright eyed and bushy-tailed this morning , '' i tell her with a polite smile . 
 she looks up at me , intrigued . 
 `` is that an american saying , dear ? '' 
 she asks , as she butters an english muffin . 
 she offers one to me , but i shake my head . 
 `` yes , it is , '' i answer . 
 `` it 's an idiom that means you are full of energy and ready to face your day . '' 
 she smiles at that . 
 `` of course i am , '' she tells me . 
 `` why would n't i be ? '' 
 she proceeds to eat her breakfast , oblivious to the fact that i am astounded by her clear state of mind . 
 it is normal for a person with dementia to be clearer in the morning . 
 it is not , however , normal for that person to be completely lucid , a night and day difference . 
 that is not normal at all . 
 i do n't point that out . 
 instead , i observe her and plan how to get crucial information from her . 
 the woman that luca had described from his childhood would most likely not offer that much up voluntarily . 
 i watch her eat for a moment more before i speak . 
 `` mrs. minaldi , do you remember much from luca 's childhood ? '' 
 she stops what she is doing and lowers her hands to the table . 
 `` of course . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 i consider my next words carefully as she watches me with a hawk-like gaze . 
 gone are the clouds of delirium . 
 i 'm sitting in front of a person who is as sharp as they come . 
 i feel slightly like i 've fallen down a rabbit hole . 
 `` when did you know that he was different ? '' 
 melina stares at me . 
 `` different ? 
 you mean , when did i realize that he walks in his sleep ? '' 
 she is n't going to tell me anything . 
 i can see that from the determined set to her jaw . 
 `` yes , '' i reply limply . 
 `` when did luca first start walking in his sleep ? '' 
 melina picks back up her roll and takes a delicate bite . 
 after she has chewed and swallowed , she answers , `` from the time he was small . '' 
 `` how small ? '' 
 i choke out . 
 i 'm finding this situation a little overwhelming . 
 `` very small , '' she levels a gaze at me . 
 `` why are you asking me these questions ? '' 
 `` because i 'm trying to help him with his sleepwalking problem , '' i answer , still playing by her rules . 
 if she wants to call it sleepwalking , so be it . 
 `` you ca n't , '' she answers calmly . 
 `` there 's nothing to be done . '' 
 but we 're interrupted by sophia now , as she enters with a tray . 
 `` it 's time for your tea , ma'am , '' she says to melina . 
 melina smiles at her . 
 `` thank you , dear . '' 
 she takes the delicate china cup and pulls the bag from the steaming liquid , placing it on a fragile saucer . 
 she takes a sip , closing her eyes . 
 `` it 's perfect . 
 thank you . '' 
 sophia nods , then backs quietly away . 
 melina is a perfect lady now , with exquisite manners and i know that i 'm getting a glimpse of the dignified person that she used to be . 
 `` did you really used to tie him to his bed ? '' 
 i ask , unable to stop myself . 
 the images of luca as a little boy , scared and alone , have tormented me since i first heard of it . 
 melina 's gaze practically stabs me now , impaling me through the heart . 
 `` of course , '' she answers simply . 
 `` how else could i keep him from hurting himself ? 
 ... or someone else ? '' 
 i suck in my breath because her voice has changed now . 
 it 's not the pleasant , normal voice from a bit ago . 
 it 's now the icy , strange voice that i have grown accustomed to from her . 
 i look up quickly to find her slightly unfocused gaze upon me , inky black . 
 `` do n't poke around where you should n't , '' she tells me eerily . 
 `` you ca n't help my son . 
 no one can . 
 and you ca n't help me , either . '' 
 she pauses , one bony finger pointed at me . 
 `` unless you want to help me , '' she adds . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 i am frozen , my eyes on hers as i nod . 
 `` of course i want to help you , '' i tell her . 
 my heart is pounding hard now . 
 `` then help me end it , '' she says . 
 `` just help me end it . '' 
 she slumps against the back of her chair and i am appalled at the sudden change in her demeanor , of her mental state . 
 how can she go from completely and utterly lucid to completely and utterly out of it in one moment ? 
 it defies logic and medical explanation . 
 does the curse somehow affect her , as well ? 
 i am somewhat sheepish that i am referring to it as a curse . 
 i know that there is no such thing . 
 but i am unsure what to call it . 
 the affliction , i guess . 
 that 's what i should call it . 
 `` are you afflicted too ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 she looks at me as if i 'm foolish . 
 `` of course not , '' she answers croakily . 
 `` am i a minaldi man ? 
 i am afflicted only in that i 've had to watch these goings-on for years . 
 and i 'm weary of it . 
 end it for me , dr. talbot . 
 you can end it for me . 
 just give me a triple dose of my evening medication . 
 that should do it . 
 end . 
 it . 
 for . 
 me . '' 
 she is lucid , yet insane now as she spits the words at me . 
 i have chills running down my back as i push away from the table . 
 `` i ca n't do that , '' i whisper , shaking my head . 
 her eyes are glued to mine . 
 `` this wo n't end unless it ends with us , '' she tells me . 
 `` luca and his brothers and me . 
 we 're the only ones left . 
 it must end with us . 
 the minaldi line must end . 
 it has to . '' 
 her words are chilling , the meaning of them even more so . 
 she wants to die . 
 she wants her sons to die . 
 she believes so strongly in a curse that she wants to die to end it . 
 and she is willing to sacrifice her children . 
 it is unfathomable . 
 her eyes are burning into mine and i find that i have to turn away . 
 i ca n't take it anymore . 
 as i leave the suite , she is still calling from behind me . 
 `` it has to end ! '' 
 i 'll never get the sound of her voice out of my head . 
 it is embedded there forever . 
 i head out to the english maze , to the heart of it where the entrance to the cave lies . 
 i knock against the statue of hades , knowing that the hidden cameras around it will reveal my presence to adrian , who i am sure is keeping luca company below . 
 i am correct , because it is n't long before the statue slides backward and adrian steps out . 
 `` is luca alright ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 adrian 's face is filled with sympathy as he nods . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 he 's calmer now . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i 'd like to see him . '' 
 adrian shakes his head , regret pooling in his blue eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 he does n't want to see you yet . 
 he does n't trust himself . 
 i have to agree with him , eva . 
 he 's fine right now , but as you saw for yourself last night , that can change in one instant . 
 the frequency of the episodes is increasing . 
 the onset is coming more quickly . 
 luca is a danger to himself and to everyone around him until we get this under control . 
 he understands this . 
 you need to understand it , as well . '' 
 adrian is stern now , watching me for signs of agreement . 
 `` i can help him , '' i tell him limply . 
 `` i just need a chance to try . '' 
 adrian shakes his head again , his big body filling up the entrance of the passageway . 
 `` you ca n't , '' he tells me softly . 
 `` i know you want to . 
 but you do n't understand what you 're dealing with . 
 it 's not anything that medical books have seen before . 
 it 's unexplainable . 
 what you can do right now to help him is to do what he asks . 
 give him some space . 
 allow him to calm himself down and hopefully bring himself back under control . 
 that 's what you can do . '' 
 i 'm numb as i slowly nod . 
 `` alright , '' my traitorous lips say . 
 i want to scream and shout and demand to see luca , but i know that adrian will never let me pass . 
 he is loyal to luca . 
 he will never go against luca 's orders . 
 `` i 'll give him space . 
 when does he think he will return to the house ? '' 
 adrian softens now , staring at my face . 
 `` i do n't know , eva . 
 hopefully soon . 
 we do n't have cable out here . '' 
 he 's attempting to joke , to lighten the situation . 
 but it does n't help . 
 i 'm in no mood . 
 i nod . 
 `` please let me know the second that you are back . 
 and please , tell luca that i came . '' 
 adrian nods . 
 `` he knows . '' 
 `` okay , '' i whisper , as i turn to leave . 
 there 's nothing else to do . 
 luca controls everything that happens on chessarae . 
 if he does n't want me to see him , i wo n't be seeing him . 
 i choke back tears as i make my way back to the house . 
 chapter twenty-eight luca `` she 's gone ? '' 
 i ask adrian as he returns from the passage . 
 he nods , not saying a word . 
 `` was she upset ? '' 
 i ask , although i know the answer . 
 adrian nods again . 
 `` luca , you know you have to do this . 
 you do n't want to harm her . '' 
 i flex my wrists , straining them against the manacles that restrain them . 
 i slump against the headboard . 
 `` no , i do n't want to harm her . '' 
 adrian returns to his book , and i return to thinking about a life that i can never have . 
 both of us are waiting for me to snap , to re-enter the darkness that has consumed me of late . 
 so far , it has n't come . 
 but it will , because it always does . 
 i am more alone than i have ever been . 
 i bow my head and close my eyes . 
 i would pray , but i know that god does n't want to hear from monsters . 
 chapter twenty-nine eva i have dubbed luca 's affliction dr.jekyll / mr.hyde 's disease . 
 i can not bring myself to continue calling it a curse or even an affliction . 
 it is a medical condition because there is no such thing as a curse . 
 as a physician , i know that . 
 and as a medical condition , there has to be a cure somewhere . 
 we just have to find it . 
 depression , schizophrenia , polio , measles , mumps ... they all started out as incurable diseases and now they all have treatment . 
 luca 's disease will be the same . 
 this thought is what is keeping me going . 
 it has been two weeks since luca secluded himself in the cave . 
 the darkness of chessarae has closed in around me and for these two weeks , i have been a woman obsessed . 
 i have had one singular thought and that is to help luca . 
 i have spent my time creating endless notebooks filled with notes and more sessions with his mother . 
 i have scoured the internet and medical research books looking for any indication of similar diseases reported by others . 
 so far , there is nothing . 
 i am utterly dejected and i feel like i have n't slept in days . 
 i sent an email to a mentor of mine , a renowned psychiatrist , asking his input . 
 i am anxiously waiting for his reply . 
 i did n't include all of the details , of course . 
 only the sketchy basics and obviously , i did n't include the part where luca has acted on his violent tendencies . 
 at the thought , my hands automatically flutter to my throat , although the bruises from luca 's hands have long faded . 
 that night flashes through my memory like lightning in a storm . 
 his face was so dark and troubled as he clutched me to him , then thrust me away . 
 he turned me over and entered me from behind , pulling me to him , closer and closer , as he thrust harder and harder . 
 then he wrapped his fingers around my throat and squeezed , whispering words that i could n't hear or understand . 
 my words , my pleas for him to stop , grew louder until he finally listened . 
 he turned me around and looked into my eyes and i begged for him to focus , to focus on my face . 
 his eyes grew slightly clearer and filled with distress before he curled up and fell asleep . 
 i had stroked his hair until i fell asleep myself , hunched over him . 
 when i woke , he was gone . 
 he had climbed from my balcony and somehow survived the fall . 
 to this day , i do n't know how . 
 my eyes fill with tears now at the memory . 
 the thought that he is confined to the cave , a self-imposed exile , is tearing me apart . 
 adrian comes out from time to time but there is no news . 
 luca has n't had another episode , but he wants to be cautious and wait longer . 
 i want to see him , but he refuses . 
 and i feel like a shell of myself . 
 i know i need sleep , that i will feel better if i do . 
 yet whenever i try , all i see are luca 's tortured dark eyes and i ca n't . 
 i push the mountain of research on undefined psychological disorders to the side and stand up , stretching . 
 i have n't even showered today . 
 i 've been up since the crack of dawn , sifting through page after page of research reports . 
 i have a crick in my lower back , so i stand in the shower for quite a while , allowing the hot water to work out the muscle cramps . 
 finally , i step from the shower , into the steam-filled bathroom and towel off . 
 i pull on jeans and a soft shirt , and towel-dry my hair . 
 instead of taking my daily walk through the maze to beg information from adrian , i decide to walk along the beach instead . 
 the beauty of the sea will do me good . 
 i slip my shoes from my feet and allow my toes to sink in the sand as i absorb the morning 's beauty . 
 sea gulls scream overhead and the foam lip of the water slides toward me and then away , over and over in a rhythmic cadence that soothes me . 
 i am staring at the horizon absently as i walk back toward the house when i hear my name . 
 i look up to find adrian walking toward me . 
 he is freshly showered and in clean clothing and most importantly , he has emerged from the cave . 
 that can only mean one thing : that luca has too . 
 adrian would n't leave him there . 
 i run toward him , drawing to a stop when i reach him . 
 `` he 's out ? '' 
 i ask breathlessly . 
 `` yes , '' adrian nods . 
 `` he never had an episode and so he finally decided it was safe to return to the house . 
 for now , anyway . 
 but we 'll need to keep a close eye . 
 he says he does n't feel like himself , that he has n't for weeks . 
 i do n't know what to make of it . '' 
 i see the pain on adrian 's face now , something that i have n't noticed before because i was so immersed in my own . 
 `` this must be hard for you , '' i observe , reaching out to touch his arm . 
 `` you love him , too . '' 
 adrian nods . 
 `` he 's like my brother , '' he answers . 
 `` i do n't know what to do for him . '' 
 `` i do n't either , '' i admit . 
 `` and it 's killing me . '' 
 he looks at me now , really examines me , and he looks surprised . 
 `` eva , you look horrible . 
 you 've got to get some rest . 
 you ca n't help him if you run yourself into the ground . '' 
 he is stern now , so unlike adrian . 
 adrian is always laughing , always easy-going and relaxed . 
 but not today . 
 `` you need to go take a nap . 
 and get something to eat . 
 you look like you 've lost weight and you did n't have it to lose in the first place . '' 
 i nod . 
 i know that . 
 i 'm not taking good care of myself . 
 i know . 
 adrian starts to say something , then closes his mouth . 
 i lean closer . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he shakes his head , not wanting to say . 
 `` adrian , please . '' 
 he looks at me thoughtfully , then relents . 
 `` eva , luca does n't want to see you because he knows he is dangerous for you . 
 he 's right . 
 he does n't want something to happen to you and neither do i . 
 you really should go . 
 for your own good . '' 
 he 's pained now and i 'm speechless . 
 i ca n't go . 
 adrian has no idea what luca means to me . 
 and i know that luca feels the same about me . 
 he has n't said the words , but i have seen it on his face . 
 i have felt it in the air between us . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i whisper . 
 adrian nods wordlessly . 
 `` adrian , '' i say quietly . 
 `` when i was with melina a couple of weeks ago , she begged me to help her ` end it all ' . 
 she thinks that the minaldi line should end with her and her sons . 
 she is insistent . 
 i tell you this because i know that she will try to end it if she can . 
 she will continue to try . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i know . '' 
 there is a pregnant pause and then he continues . 
 `` she 's right , though , eva . 
 the line should end with them . 
 it really should . 
 this horrible thing has been going on for generations . 
 it is time for it to end . '' 
 a lump forms in my throat . 
 `` surely you mean that luca and his brothers should remain childless and allow the family name to die out . 
 surely you do n't mean ... '' my voice trails off . 
 i ca n't say the words . 
 i ca n't say , surely you do n't mean they should die . 
 my tongue refuses to form the words . 
 `` of course , '' adrian agrees . 
 `` of course that 's what i meant . '' 
 but from his tone , from his face , i can tell that it was n't what he meant at all . 
 luca is getting to him , years of watching his friend deteriorate . 
 or perhaps it is from years of being around melina . 
 but whatever it is , whatever he means , adrian is finished talking about it and has turned toward the house . 
 i struggle to keep up , one step of his for every three of mine . 
 i grab at his elbow . 
 `` adrian , stop . '' 
 he slows and turns to me . 
 `` adrian , i have to help him . 
 i 'm desperate to help him . '' 
 i can hear the desperation in my voice and i know he can too . 
 his eyes soften as he stares into mine . 
 `` sweet eve , '' he murmurs and tucks a stray piece of my hair behind my ear . 
 `` i hate to see you so upset . 
 please , listen to me . 
 you ca n't help . 
 you ca n't . 
 and i do n't want you to get hurt . 
 you 're far too precious . '' 
 and to my shock and horror , he bends and kisses my lips . 
 i do n't kiss him back and as soon as i regain my senses , i push him away . 
 `` adrian ! '' 
 i snap . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 he is apologetic now , chagrined . 
 `` i 'm sorry , eve . 
 i have n't had much sleep either . 
 that was out of line . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i stare at him for a moment and then accept his apology . 
 of all people , i know what it is like to be sleep deprived . 
 i 've been a walking zombie for two weeks . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i assure him . 
 `` just do n't do it again . '' 
 he nods and i turn and as i do , i see luca standing on his bedroom balcony . 
 from his stricken face , i know that he saw the entire thing . 
 and before i can lift a hand or shout to him , he turns his back and walks back into the house . 
 chapter thirty i make it to luca 's bedroom in record time , practically running over anything that stands in my way . 
 `` luca ! '' 
 i cry out as i burst into his rooms . 
 he is standing at the windows , beautiful and slender and refined . 
 the breath catches in my throat as i realize just how much i missed him , just how beautiful i had forgotten that he is . 
 power exudes from him , power and beauty . 
 he 's wearing black slacks and a blue pull-over that hugs his chest perfectly . 
 he turns to look at me . 
 `` luca , '' i whisper . 
 `` it was n't what it looked like . 
 i did n't kiss adrian . 
 i do n't want to kiss adrian . 
 i only want you . '' 
 luca stares at me thoughtfully , quietly . 
 and he nods . 
 `` i know , '' he says simply . 
 i rush across the room and throw myself into his arms . 
 `` please do n't do this again , '' i tell him helplessly . 
 `` ever . 
 you ca n't lock yourself away like that . 
 i missed you so much . 
 i was so worried and there was n't anything i could do . 
 adrian would n't let me see you . '' 
 luca 's strong arms finally close around me , as though he tried to resist but could n't . 
 he pulls me to him and i bury my face against the softness of his shirt , inhaling his smell . 
 i am crying and did n't realize it . 
 i really am an emotional wreck and i know that i need to pull it together . 
 i clutch him to me and he pulls away . 
 but i wo n't let him . 
 he has kept himself from me for two weeks . 
 he is n't going to pull away from me now . 
 i wo n't allow it . 
 finally he acquiesces and i feel the moment he gives in , as he clutches me to him as well . 
 he inhales my hair and buries his face in my neck and i sigh . 
 `` please do n't do this again , '' i beg him . 
 `` i ca n't stand it . '' 
 i feel weak and helpless , but this situation has been so emotionally charged that it has taken a toll . 
 it would take a toll on anyone . 
 luca does n't say anything , he just lifts me into his arms and carries me to his bed . 
 his lips are on mine and his body is wrapped around me . 
 words cease to matter . 
 luca kisses every part of my body , every plane , every curve . 
 his lips are soft , his breath warm as he moves from place to place on my body . 
 he even kisses my fingertips and by the time he is done kissing me , he is hard against me and i am breathless . 
 `` please , '' i say quietly , into his ear as i lean up against him . 
 `` please , luca . '' 
 i need him to fill me , to convince me that everything will be alright , that he will never leave me again and that we will figure out what is wrong with him . 
 that we will fix it . 
 that we will have a future . 
 in my head , which is clouded by unreasonable thoughts , making love with him will convince me . 
 it 's what i need . 
 luca knows that and he gives it to me . 
 slowly , gently , lovingly . 
 he loves every part of my body , worshipping my arms and my legs and my lips . 
 he looks into my eyes as he enters me slowly , filling me with everything that he is . 
 i am crying now , crying from the satisfaction that i am with him again . 
 he kisses my tears away and moves faster , pulling me to his chest and rocking with me . 
 i clutch his back and whisper into his ear , whisper words that i do n't even know i am saying . 
 it is an emotional experience and i am limp when it is over , after he arches against me and shudders ; after he empties everything that he has into me . 
 he is hot and throbbing , then he lays against me , careful not to crush me . 
 `` i love you , '' i tell him softly against his strong shoulder . 
 he is silent , but i feel his muscles tighten . 
 `` i know you love me too , '' i tell him . 
 `` i know you do . 
 whether or not you feel that you should does n't matter . 
 because i know that you do . '' 
 luca rolls to the side and looks at me , his dark hair damp on his forehead , his eyes stormy and troubled . 
 `` i love you , '' he tells me , as though he is admitting a secret . 
 `` of course i love you , evangeline . 
 how can i not ? '' 
 but he turns away now , hiding his expression from me . 
 i touch his shoulder . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 and he does n't answer and his silence is frightening . 
 an ominous feeling shudders through me , laying heavily on my heart and i shake his shoulder again . 
 `` luca , you 're scaring me . 
 what is it ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 he sits up , pulling his shirt back over his head , not looking at me . 
 he gets up to find his pants and he puts them back on before he says anything . 
 but finally , when my heart is firmly lodged in my throat , he speaks . 
 `` i ca n't be with you anymore , '' he tells me . 
 his voice is flat and expressionless and i know he is purposely trying to distance himself . 
 it 's why he 's not looking at me . 
 i turn his chin toward me , trying to force him to look at me . 
 `` look at me , '' i insist . 
 `` luca ! '' 
 my voice is something that i have never heard . 
 it is desperate and anxious and sad . 
 scared , terrified , alone . 
 `` please , luca . 
 you 're not making sense . 
 i 'm an adult . 
 you ca n't make these decisions for me , for the both of us . 
 you ca n't protect me . 
 i will protect myself . 
 i will help you , luca . 
 everything will be alright . 
 i promise . '' 
 but my voice is thin , as though i 'm trying to convince myself too , because i am . 
 he knows that and he looks at me sadly , his hands limp in his lap . 
 `` eva , you deserve someone like adrian . 
 someone with no secrets or darkness . 
 someone who can make you laugh like there 's nothing wrong in the world ; because in your world with him , there wo n't be . 
 please . 
 you deserve a normal life . 
 and you wo n't get that from me . 
 while you are with me , you are going against everything you 've been trained to do as a doctor . 
 you should have turned me in to the authorities , but you did n't . 
 i ca n't put you in this position anymore . 
 i wo n't do it . '' 
 i am clutching him , trying to make him listen to me , to reason . 
 but he wo n't . 
 he is stoic now , hard . 
 his face grows impassive , once more the luca minaldi that i used to see before i grew to know him . 
 the softness and sadness are gone , replaced by power and authority . 
 he is unwavering and he wo n't listen to me . 
 he touches my shoulder and leans in to murmur in my ear . 
 `` i love you , eva . 
 i do . 
 please do this for me . 
 please have a happy and glorious life . 
 it will make me happy . 
 i 'll send adrian to retrieve your bags and take you to your cottage . 
 you 'll be safe there now that you know that the danger is me . '' 
 `` no , luca ! '' 
 i clutch at him but he pulls away and walks out and there is n't anything i can do but watch him through my watery eyes . 
 he 's gone . 
 and it feels like he took my heart with him . 
 i sit still for a while , soaking in his scent from the room around me , absorbing him as much as i can . 
 i look at the walls , at the priceless pieces of art that i know he chose himself . 
 at the silver cufflinks that i have seen him wear a hundred times . 
 they are laying on his heavy mahogany desk . 
 a pair of soft leather loafers peek from under the desk . 
 bits of him are scattered throughout this room and i try to memorize every bit of it before i finally get up and leave , turning only once to look behind me before i close the door . 
 i make it to my room before i fall to pieces . 
 i collapse onto my bed and cry until i ca n't cry anymore . 
 i do n't have any more tears left , and my eyes are red and hot and burning . 
 i picture luca here , in this room with me . 
 i remember him smiling over me , his smile white against the dark shadows of his eyes . 
 i remember him laughing as we rolled in the bed , twisted in the sheets . 
 i remember him squeezing my throat . 
 i remember his eyes as he looked into mine . 
 i remember the look on his face when i found him in the stables , so shattered and alone . 
 and i do n't want to leave him here . 
 he 'll be alone , with no one close to him but adrian . 
 but i have no choice . 
 as i sit up and wipe at my eyes , i know that i have no choice . 
 he has decided and i will not be able to change his mind . 
 it 's done . 
 i get up and fold my clothing and place them into my bags . 
 i gather my research and my notes and my laptop and put everything into a pile to load into the car . 
 with each thing that i place on the pile , i feel my heart breaking just a little bit more . 
 i do n't know how much more it can take until it shatters into a million jagged shards . 
 there is a knock at my door and i open it , hoping to see luca , but knowing that it will be adrian . 
 and it is . 
 adrian is apologetic and sympathetic as he carries my things to the mercedes . 
 i look behind me as we get into the car and i think that i might have seen a movement at a window , that luca might have been watching , but i ca n't be certain . 
 as quickly as i see it , it is gone . 
 i close my eyes , fighting the hot wetness that i feel building there . 
 we are silent on the way to my cottage and i force myself to not cry . 
 not in front of adrian . 
 i am stoic like a stone as i look out the window , watching the greens and blues blur past . 
 we pull into the drive and adrian unloads my things from the car , carrying them into the house . 
 we are still silent . 
 as he leaves , i walk him to the door , standing silently , willing myself not to break down . 
 he pauses , touching my cheek for a brief moment . 
 `` eva , please let me know if you need anything at all . 
 luca is not abandoning you . 
 he just ca n't be with you . 
 it 's for your own good . '' 
 a lump forms in my throat and my eyes fill with tears and i nod . 
 i know what 's good for me , damn it . 
 but i do n't say that . 
 i just nod . 
 i ca n't open my mouth and speak or i will collapse into tears . 
 adrian nods and leaves . 
 and i am alone . 
 utterly alone . 
 i look around the tiny cottage and for the first time , it seems enormous in its solitude . 
 it seems enormous because anywhere where luca is n't seems so very lonely . 
 i open the back doors to allow fresh air to blow through , then curl up on the couch . 
 i do n't feel like doing anything else today but wallowing in my own misery . 
 i decide that i have earned a day of doing exactly that , so i cover up with a blanket and close my eyes . 
 chapter thirty-one days pass . 
 on the fourth day , there is a knock on my door and i open it quickly , hoping to see that luca has relented . 
 it is n't him . 
 a courier waits on my porch with a slim package in his hands . 
 i sign for it and take it inside . 
 after i cut the top open , i find a cd and a note inside , written in luca 's scrawling handwriting . 
 dear evangeline , i want you to know that i miss you . 
 i never expected to meet someone like you , and now that i have and you are gone , your absence is almost too much to bear . 
 yet i know it is necessary , as i am certain that you know , as well . 
 i can not bear the thought of something happening to you , something by my very own hand . 
 it would be the death of me . 
 i know that much is true . 
 i have recorded a few things for you on this cd to help you sleep . 
 it makes me happy to envision you safe in your bed listening to my music . 
 when i play now , it will always be for you . 
 i will always picture you happy and safe , evangeline . 
 please endeavor to remain that way . 
 all my love , luca my eyes are burning and hot and i close them , feeling the warm wetness slide down my cheeks and onto the linen stationery in my hands . 
 i shakily put the cd into a player and the sounds of luca 's hands , the music that he makes with them , fills my house . 
 it is haunting and beautiful , just like the man who is created it . 
 i spend hours listening to it , surrounded by memories of him . 
 the fourth day is a sad day . 
 more days pass . 
 they are empty and difficult and i find that i am numb , that i simply move through the motions of life without feeling them . 
 i know now why i created the barrier around my heart so long ago . 
 it hurts so very much when something breaks it down and i feel something . 
 i can not bring myself to leave malta , not yet . 
 even though i have finished my dissertation . 
 i do n't feel anything at all as i push the ` send ' button and email it to my mentor , the head of the psychiatry program . 
 i know i will have to return to the states to defend it at some point , but i do n't think of that now . 
 i also fill my days trying to find answers for luca . 
 there have been no more killings in valletta , so i have to assume that he has been secluded in the cave , which makes me want to weep . 
 i throw myself into trying to help him , even though it must be from afar . 
 there are so many things that his affliction could be , so many things that it could be part of . 
 mental illness is fluid , it can bend and morph until one disorder can actually be components of several others . 
 without having luca in front of me , it is hard to diagnose him with anything . 
 i still refer to his problem as the dr. jekyll/mr . 
 hyde disorder . 
 i finally hear back from my mentor concerning it and he does n't have much insight on the subject as he 's never seen such a thing before . 
 although he is fascinated as well and can not wait to read my research , which is not really any help at all . 
 he suggests , as i already suspected , that the disorder is something comprised of components of several other disorders . 
 i begin researching them yet again , trying to patch together what it might be . 
 i eat with marianne several times , although i am not hungry . 
 i feel pathetic , like a lovesick schoolgirl who can not come to terms with a breakup . 
 but this thing that luca and i had was so much more than a relationship . 
 i ca n't even define it , yet i grieve the loss of it . 
 marianne force feeds me . 
 she comes to my cottage and demands that i eat , bringing with her pasta and wine and bread . 
 she sits with me sometimes , having coffee on my patio and chatting with me , filling the silence . 
 she is a good friend . 
 it is she who makes the deduction that i am pregnant . 
 i had been nauseas and emotional for a week or two and i attributed it to stress and nerves , which is completely plausible in this situation . 
 but as i struggle to eat pasta without vomiting , marianne looks at me in concern . 
 `` when was your last period ? '' 
 she asks me gently . 
 her words stun me . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i stutter . 
 and i feel foolish because i am a physician and i did n't see this . 
 my hand automatically grazes my flat belly , shielding whatever might be inside . 
 i feel something for the first time in weeks besides grief and sadness . 
 wonderment . 
 `` it 's not possible , '' i say without conviction . 
 because i know that it is . 
 that first night , the night that luca came into my room when he was n't himself , i was n't on birth control and he did n't use anything either . 
 he was n't himself . 
 he did n't even think to use it . 
 i went into town shortly after that and filled a prescription , but that first and second time , we did n't use anything at all . 
 two times . 
 my hand rests against my belly , against what might be my unborn child . 
 and luca 's . 
 that realization brings with it so many thoughts . 
 happiness , although it is bittersweet . 
 i am strangely happy that i might have a piece of luca . 
 which brings with it the darker thoughts , the realization that the child within me might inherit the dark affliction that is born in the minaldi men . 
 i do n't focus on that , however . 
 i ca n't . 
 i will deal with that when the time comes because that is all that i can do . 
 in the meantime , i revel in the idea that i will bear luca 's child . 
 it is a sense of wonder , a sense of awe . 
 marianne becomes a mother hen and her sense of protection where i am concerned kicks in to overdrive . 
 she comes over almost every day , bringing with her fresh food and conversation , making sure that i am okay . 
 every day , i am . 
 every day , she tells me that i must tell luca . 
 every day , i balk . 
 i know what his answer will be . 
 he will want me to terminate the pregnancy . 
 he wo n't want to risk having the affliction pass to yet another person . 
 the idea of terminating this pregnancy leaves me feeling sick with horror and sadness . 
 i would never do it , no matter how much luca begged . 
 so it seems easier to not tell him , for now . 
 and to hear his voice might be my undoing , anyway . 
 i have become stronger in these past few weeks , but it 's a tenuous strength . 
 i do n't know how long it would last if i were once again face to face with that which i can not have . 
 luca . 
 i sigh as i turn to marianne today . 
 `` i know , '' i answer her familiar plea . 
 `` i 'll tell him . '' 
 `` when , bella mia ? '' 
 she asks , her attractive face concerned . 
 `` it has been six weeks already . 
 in another month or two , you will be showing because you are so thin . 
 it will be difficult to hide . 
 if you remain here in malta , it will come to his attention . 
 someone will see you and rumors will fly . 
 he will hear of it and it should be from you . '' 
 `` i know , '' i tell her . 
 and i do . 
 that night , i write him a letter . 
 i ca n't bear to do it in person or to tell him over the phone . 
 that seems inhumane . 
 he should n't hear it on the phone . 
 if i ca n't do it in person , he should be able to read it , instead , which allows him the privacy to absorb the words alone before he has to process them and discuss it with me . 
 i drop it into the mail the next morning and butterflies surround my heart . 
 i ca n't imagine what he will feel like when he reads it . 
 he feels guilty enough already for involving me , for becoming close to me . 
 i pass the day nervously , doing anything that keeps my mind off of luca 's reaction . 
 because i 'm too anxious and filled with nervous energy to do anything else , i sit on the patio in the fresh air and sift through baby name websites . 
 i do n't see anything i like , however . 
 i finally decide that it is a boy . 
 and that i will name him luca after his father . 
 i do n't even look at girl names , even though i know that luca will probably pray that it is a girl . 
 i am exhausted and go to bed early . 
 i lie awake and concentrate on the life that grows within me . 
 i hope that it is strong and thriving . 
 i meant what i said in the letter . 
 this baby is part of luca and part of me and i just know that it will inherit the very best parts of each of us . 
 and now that luca will know , i am free to go into town and find a physician . 
 no more hiding . 
 i need regular check-ups from someone other than myself . 
 i fall asleep with my arms wrapped around my stomach . 
 * * * i am walking on the beach the next day when i see him . 
 he is so beautiful . 
 he is striding toward me on the beach , the sun bathing his perfect face in golden light . 
 grendel is with him , but i do n't focus on the dog . 
 i can only see luca . 
 his face is drawn and tight and i start to run , my feet sinking deep in the sand with each step . 
 before i know it , i am in his arms . 
 he smells of woods and musk and luca . 
 i inhale him , as though i have been holding my breath for the past few weeks and am only just now able to breathe again . 
 it might as well be true . 
 luca 's strong arms encircle my back , pulling me to him , kissing me fiercely . 
 he has missed me too . 
 i can feel it . 
 just as i can feel the sadness within him . 
 it surrounds us now , ever present . 
 `` what have we done ? '' 
 he asks , his voice steeped in angst . 
 he scoops me into his arms , carefully as though i am so very fragile . 
 he carries me gently back to my cottage and into the house , sitting me on the sofa . 
 he situates himself with my feet in his lap . 
 his eyes are so tortured , so stormy as he watches me . 
 `` eva , we ca n't bring a child into the world , '' he tells me painfully . 
 each word rasps from his lips like broken glass , like it is painful for him to even think it , much less say . 
 and it is . 
 `` we can not bring my child into the world . '' 
 i stare at him , the pain welling in me like a cresting wave , even though this is exactly what i knew he would say . 
 i was expecting it , but suddenly i realize that it does n't make it any easier to hear . 
 `` luca , '' my voice breaks , so i try again . 
 `` luca , i can not harm our baby . 
 i ca n't . 
 perhaps it is a girl and so it wo n't matter . '' 
 he is already shaking his head . 
 `` even if it is a girl , she can carry the anomaly , '' he says . 
 `` she can pass it on to her male children who would pass it onto theirs . 
 eva ... '' he drops his head into his hands and i grab one , pulling it from his face and forcing him to look at me . 
 `` luca , you have n't given me a chance to help you . 
 you simply sent me away . 
 i 've been doing research and there are so many things that this might be . 
 they are all treatable with medication . 
 you can be helped , if you will just give someone a chance to try . 
 if you give me the chance to try . 
 please let me try . '' 
 he looks at me , his face contorted with his angst . 
 `` eva , i belong in prison . 
 i do n't deserve to walk free or to sit here with you . 
 or to have a life with you . 
 i do n't deserve it . 
 do n't you see that ? '' 
 his fingers are so long and slender and strong . 
 i focus on them , holding them tightly in my lap as i gulp . 
 `` these are not the hands of a killer , '' i tell him softly . 
 `` luca , whatever you have done , it was n't you who did them . 
 you did n't . 
 your affliction did . 
 not you . 
 you would never consciously hurt anyone . 
 i know that . 
 let me find a way to help you . 
 let me discover what is wrong . 
 we can treat it and pretend that nothing ever happened . 
 we can be happy , luca . 
 no one will ever know . '' 
 he stares at me calmly , his dark eyes shining . 
 `` i would know , '' he says softly . 
 `` and you would know . '' 
 i 'm crying now , my shoulders shaking as i sob into my hands . 
 luca pulls me to him and i cry against his chest . 
 he is so strong and warm , but his warmth does n't pass into me . 
 i am chilled to the bone with the realization that he will never let me help him . 
 he is condemning himself to a life alone , an empty life without me . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he murmurs into my hair . 
 `` i 'm so sorry to have hurt you this way . 
 i never should have come near you . 
 it 's my fault . 
 everything is my fault . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i am fierce now . 
 `` i will never be sorry . 
 you have changed me , luca . 
 and i am not accepting this as an answer . 
 i never want to be without you . 
 i wo n't let you do this . '' 
 he grabs my hands and holds them , clutching them to his chest , pulling the rest of me there as well . 
 `` shh , '' he whispers into my hair . 
 it is now that i realize that i am crying yet again . 
 i fall limply against him and allow him to hold me . 
 the hormones from this pregnancy are wreaking havoc with my emotions . 
 i hate that i feel so weak and weepy . 
 `` let me take care of it , '' luca says . 
 `` i 'll set up everything up and you wo n't have to even think about it . 
 i 'll do it . '' 
 i pull away and stare at him incredulously as i realize that he is speaking of our child . 
 `` i wo n't have to even think about it ? 
 you think i can abort my child , your child , and not even think about it ? 
 are you insane ? '' 
 i get up and stalk backward , my heart frozen as i stare at his expression . 
 he is quite convinced that we will be aborting our baby . 
 and suddenly , i feel as though i need to get away from him . 
 i do n't know why , i only know that the maternal instincts inside of me are telling me to run . 
 luca follows me as i back away from him , watching me carefully . 
 `` eva , that 's not what i meant . 
 but i 'm trying to be frank with you . 
 we ca n't have this baby . 
 trust me , no child would want to live the life that i 've lived . 
 i would never wish that on anyone . 
 there 's no way that you can understand . 
 but i understand . 
 i 've lived it . 
 i 'm still living it . 
 and i would never put a child through it . '' 
 his voice hardens toward the end , growing even more determined . 
 i stare at him again in disbelief . 
 `` you are telling me that you would rather be dead than the person that you are ? '' 
 luca says nothing , but his silence says everything . 
 and suddenly , i ca n't take it anymore . 
 i have to listen to my instincts . 
 they are screaming at me and i can no longer tune them out . 
 run . 
 i whirl and race from the cottage , down the paths leading to the beach . 
 the trail is uneven , filled with rocks and pebbles and roots . 
 i stumble , then right myself . 
 i do n't know where i 'm going , but i ca n't stay there with him . 
 i hear him behind me , calling for me , but i do n't stop . 
 i reach the rocky incline that slopes steeply to the shore before luca catches up with me and grabs my arm . 
 `` eva ! 
 what are you trying to do ? 
 get yourself killed ? '' 
 the sea is crashing below us and i turn , staring luca in the eye . 
 he is desperate and anxious , two things that i have never seen on his face before . 
 i do n't know his motives . 
 is he scared that i will hurt myself or scared that i will get away and he ca n't force me to abort our baby ? 
 the wind whips my hair around my face and i impatiently push it out of the way . 
 `` no , '' i answer . 
 `` but that almost sounds more appealing than the alternative at this point . 
 now let go of me ! '' 
 i wrench my arm out of his grip , but as i do , as i yank backward , my foot slips free of my tenuous foothold . 
 the rocks and dirt give way and there is nothing holding me up anymore . 
 i scream as i skid downward at an unnatural angle . 
 i flail and struggle to regain my balance , but i ca n't . 
 everything is happening too quickly . 
 luca grabs for me , but it 's too late . 
 i tumble down the rocks , down the steep incline , flipping over several times before i finally land with my cheek resting in the watery sand below . 
 the jarring blow knocks the wind out of me and i struggle to breathe as i gather my wits . 
 it happened so quickly that it seems like a blur . 
 luca is beside me in an instant . 
 `` eva ! 
 can you hear me ! '' 
 i nod without lifting my head . 
 i ca n't seem to breathe well yet . 
 i do n't have enough air to move or speak . 
 long seconds pass before i can urge any sound from my lips . 
 `` go away , luca , '' i finally rasp . 
 `` just go away . '' 
 `` not a chance , '' he says . 
 he bends and picks me up from the shallow water and rocks . 
 as he lifts me from the water , my scraped feet sting in the breeze . 
 i have no idea if i am injured . 
 i feel completely numb . 
 i am dirty and muddy and wet as he wordlessly carries me back to my cottage . 
 he carries me into my bathroom where he runs a bath and strips off my wet clothes . 
 he holds my hand as he settles me into the tub , then kneels next to me , washing my arms and legs carefully . 
 i 'm scraped all over and it burns as the hot water seeps into the cuts . 
 but i do n't care . 
 i draw my knees up to my chest and lean my cheek against them , closing my eyes . 
 i 'm too numb to cry . 
 `` it will all be okay , '' luca says carefully as he washes my muddy face . 
 `` i promise , eva . 
 you will be okay , no matter what . 
 i will make sure of it . '' 
 i do n't answer , but i allow him to help me back out of the tub and wrap me in a towel . 
 i feel so empty and alone , even though he is right here . 
 because i know what he wants and it is very different from what i want . 
 i feel utterly alone . 
 i pull a t-shirt over my head and then collapse back onto the couch . 
 luca settles me in with a blanket and a pillow and sits at my feet , stroking my legs soothingly . 
 `` rest , eva , '' he tells me . 
 `` i know you are exhausted . 
 you are n't taking care of yourself . 
 i can see it . 
 please sleep . 
 i 'll be right here . '' 
 i stare at him wordlessly for a moment , then grasp his hand and close my eyes . 
 he might be against what i want , but i still love him . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 and his presence comforts me . 
 i sleep more quickly and deeply than i have in weeks because even in sleep , my body knows that he is here . 
 i wake several hours later in horrible pain , my body wrenching and twisting as my abdominal muscles contract . 
 i double over , clutching my stomach , trying to breathe . 
 the pain takes my breath away . 
 as i look up , luca is watching me in horror , in pain . 
 and i see something in his eyes that i do n't wish to see . 
 `` what is happening ? '' 
 i ask him limply . 
 `` luca . '' 
 he turns away , but not before i see the terrible answer in his eyes . 
 and i know , even while i am asking him , what is wrong . 
 i am miscarrying . 
 it is n't long before the sticky wetness between my legs lets me know that i am correct . 
 i cry as i clean the blood from my legs . 
 i use washcloth after washcloth to wipe my unborn child 's remains from my skin . 
 with each ragged breath , with each cloth filled with tissue and blood , i cry a little more . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 i screech at luca as he tries to help me . 
 `` this was our child . 
 if you had n't tried to grab me , i would n't have fallen . 
 this is your fault . 
 your fault ! 
 you did this to me on purpose . 
 you wanted the baby gone and now it is . 
 i hate you for this , luca . '' 
 and at this moment , i do . 
 luca stops moving and stares at me sadly , quietly . 
 `` i know you do , '' he answers finally . 
 `` but that 's the way it should be . 
 it will make it easier on you . '' 
 i collapse into my bed , crying once again even though i did n't think i had any tears left . 
 i am empty inside ; completely , soul-shatteringly empty . 
 `` you did this , '' i whimper . 
 `` you killed our child . '' 
 luca takes a shuddering breath and kneels next to me , his forehead pressed against my arm . 
 i move away from him . 
 i ca n't bear his touch . 
 he takes another ragged breath as he pulls the blanket up around me . 
 `` eva , i wanted to terminate this pregnancy for the good of the child , because i know what it is to be a monster . 
 i would never purposely hurt you . 
 i did n't grab you hoping that you would fall . 
 i grabbed you so that you would n't . 
 i promise you that . 
 i would never knowingly hurt you . 
 even i am not that much of a monster . '' 
 i cry . 
 tears fall onto my nose and drip onto the sheets and luca wipes them away . 
 i look up at him and the sadness in his eyes convinces me that he is telling the truth . 
 he did n't want me to fall . 
 how could i have thought that ? 
 why did i run ? 
 i did this . 
 i know that much is true . 
 luca did n't run , i did . 
 i whimper with that knowledge and luca stares down at me in concern . 
 i do n't object when he folds in behind me and wraps his arms around me . 
 deep down , i long for him even now . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , eva , '' he whispers into my ear with his husky voice . 
 `` i am so sorry . '' 
 and i know that he is which is why i ca n't truly hate him for this . 
 i close my eyes and sink into sleep . 
 i am awakened several times in the night by pinching cramps in my abdomen . 
 luca finds a heating pad and drapes it over me . 
 he gives me painkillers and wipes me clean as i continue to bleed . 
 at one point , i stare up at him . 
 `` i love you , luca , '' i whisper . 
 `` i know , '' he sighs . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 when i wake in the morning , he is gone . 
 chapter thirty two luca i have never hated myself more than i do at this moment . 
 as i walk back toward chessarae , the sun peeks over the horizon and i know that i do n't deserve to stand in it . 
 i should never see light of day again . 
 i may not have physically caused eva to fall , but deep down , i know that i am relieved that she miscarried . 
 it is a terrible , heinous thought , but it is true . 
 if i were normal , i would welcome a child with eva with open arms . 
 i would welcome a life with her with open arms . 
 but i 'm not normal . 
 and no child of mine could ever possibly be normal . 
 my own mother has told me many times that she wished she had never carried me to term , that she wished i had n't been born . 
 if my own mother feels so strongly about me , if i am that much of a monster , then why would i ever want to bring a child just like me into the world ? 
 it is for the best that eva miscarried . 
 but the fact that i even think that , especially after seeing her pain throughout the night , only cements my knowledge that i am a monster . 
 who else would think such a thing ? 
 my mother is right about me . 
 i am damaged in unfixable ways . 
 i am tempted to wade into the sea , to walk into the deep depths and refuse to swim , but i know that my body 's subconscious need to survive would propel me to the surface and nothing will have changed . 
 i would still be what i am . 
 i continue walking , knowing that the person who i love most in the world has been utterly crushed by an event that i am almost thankful for . 
 she is the only thing i love . 
 and she is in pain right now and i ca n't fix it . 
 it is a knowledge that i can hardly bear . 
 chapter thirty-three eva i have no purpose here now , no reason to stay in malta . 
 so , i make preparations to return home , to defend my dissertation and begin my life in portland . 
 or perhaps i will move to somewhere sunnier , like phoenix or santa fe or maybe even honolulu . 
 somewhere like malta . 
 i gulp . 
 i ca n't be reminded of this place , of luca . 
 it would be my undoing . 
 i 'll probably just stay in portland . 
 i want to hate luca for what happened and i try very hard because it would be easier than blaming myself . 
 but i ca n't . 
 i know that he did n't mean for me to fall . 
 he was out there trying to keep me from harm and if i had n't run , then we would never have been out there on those rocks at all . 
 luca sent a doctor to look at me . 
 the doctor thinks that i miscarried partly due to stress , in addition to the fall . 
 he said , and i know that it is true , that a woman 's body is more durable than one would think . 
 that normally a fall would n't cause a woman to miscarry by itself . 
 so , truly , i 'm even more to blame for not managing my stress better . 
 it 's a thought that does nothing to ease my guilt . 
 i feel like a failure as a strong woman . 
 all my life , i 've been the strong one in any given situation . 
 and now , i feel like i 've allowed myself to get sucked so far into emotional situations that i handled them weakly . 
 and i hate that thought more than i can even admit . 
 i am not that girl , the one who falls to pieces . 
 but here lately , that 's exactly who i am . 
 i make a concentrated effort to pull myself together , to focus on moving forward . 
 i am packing when a knock raps on my door and as always , i turn towards it with a sharp pang of hope . 
 is it luca ? 
 but i know that it is n't and when i answer the door , i find that it is not . 
 i try not to feel disappointment as i greet marianne . 
 her face is grave however . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` melina minaldi died in the night , '' she tells me solemnly . 
 `` i thought you would want to know . '' 
 `` she died ? '' 
 i am stunned . 
 `` but she was in perfect health . 
 how did it happen ? '' 
 marianne shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but i thought you would want to know , that maybe you would want to go to luca . 
 i know he will be devastated . '' 
 i 'm not sure that he is devastated , but i do want to go to him . 
 however , i restrain that urge . 
 `` when is the funeral ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 again , she shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't know , bella . 
 probably in a couple of days . '' 
 `` thank you for telling me , '' i murmur . 
 `` of course , sweet one , '' she says . 
 after she leaves , i pick up the phone and dial luca 's cell phone . 
 he answers on the first ring . 
 `` eva , '' he says . 
 he is surprised that i have called . 
 `` i thought that i would never hear your voice again . '' 
 my heart breaks with his words . 
 i can imagine that is what he thought . 
 `` i 'm still angry , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'll probably never get over the fact that you wanted to abort our baby . 
 but i know it was n't your fault that i fell . 
 i said some terrible things to you in anger . 
 and i 'm sorry for them . 
 but that 's not why i 'm calling . 
 i want to give you my condolences . 
 i 'm so sorry about your mother . 
 what happened ? '' 
 luca is silent for a moment . 
 `` thank you , '' he says . 
 `` it has been difficult . 
 the official cause of death is listed as a heart attack . 
 but i know you probably know better . 
 my mother overdosed on her own sedatives . 
 she did it herself . '' 
 i am not surprised . 
 i remember her chilling voice as she begged me to do it . 
 i nod even though he ca n't see me . 
 `` i knew she would try , '' i admit to him . 
 `` i told adrian . '' 
 `` i knew , as well , '' luca tells me . 
 `` we tried to prevent it , to watch her around the clock , but sophia is n't a machine and mother would n't allow anyone else near her . '' 
 `` sophia must feel horrible , '' i say . 
 `` she does , '' luca answers . 
 `` but it was n't her fault . '' 
 i do n't voice the unspeakable ; that melina is at peace now , that she can no longer torture herself , that she can no longer torment luca . 
 instead , i simply agree with him . 
 `` no , '' i answer . 
 `` it is certainly not sophia 's fault . 
 when is the funeral ? '' 
 `` day after tomorrow , at the cathedral in town . 
 but you do n't have to come . '' 
 pain shoots through me at his words ; it feels like yet another rejection . 
 `` of course i 'll come , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'd like to say goodbye to you in person , anyway . 
 i 'm leaving for home next week . '' 
 there is silence , painful and empty . 
 finally he speaks . 
 `` that is how it should be , '' he says , his voice smooth and devoid of emotion . 
 `` i 'll see you in a couple of days , '' i tell him , trying not to cry . 
 `` until then , '' he answers and then the phone goes dead . 
 i hold it in my hands for the longest time before i lay it down . 
 the next day passes woodenly , as though i am simply treading water until i see him again . 
 i 'm both looking forward to it and dreading it , because i know it will be for the last time . 
 the morning of the funeral , i dress in a simple black sheath dress and pull my hair into a knot at my neck . 
 i carry with me a bouquet of flowers from my own garden . 
 i take the bus into town and arrive to find that the cathedral is packed full of people from valletta . 
 apparently , because the minaldis are so prominent in this town , everyone wanted to show their respect . 
 marianne waves to me and i make my way to sit at her side . 
 the mass is a normal funeral service . 
 i spend most of it staring at the family pew . 
 luca is there in a somber black suit , along with his brothers . 
 i still would have known they were brothers even if i had n't seen them together . 
 they look very much alike . 
 damien and luca could practically pass as twins , while christoph looks like them , but is just an inch or two shorter . 
 when the service is over , the priest announces that there will be no public interment and that everyone is free to mingle in the community rooms beneath the church . 
 i swallow hard . 
 it is time to say goodbye to luca . 
 i steel myself . 
 i can do this . 
 i 've done everything on my own in this life . 
 i can do this . 
 i wait for a while until luca appears to be done chatting with well-wishers . 
 he retreats to a back corner and sits , comfortable in the shadows . 
 he meets my eyes and i walk to him , my legs shaky . 
 `` hi , '' he greets me softly . 
 i long to reach out and hold his hand , but he does n't move toward me , so i do n't . 
 i sit next to him instead . 
 we are alone over here , alone in a crowded room . 
 there is no one near . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'm sorry for everything . 
 for your mom , that i could n't help her , that i could n't help you ... '' my voice trails off and he stares at me . 
 `` after everything , you 're apologizing to me ? '' 
 he 's incredulous now . 
 `` what have i done to you ? 
 have i truly taken a strong , independent woman and turned her into someone who apologizes for things that she has n't done ? 
 this is n't you , eva . '' 
 i sniff , fighting back tears once again . 
 `` my hormones have been crazy , '' i admit to him . 
 `` because of the pregnancy and losing the pregnancy . 
 it seems like all i can do is cry lately . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 his eyes soften now and he looks away . 
 `` i 'm the one who is sorry , '' he finally says , turning to meet my gaze once again . 
 `` i never meant to hurt you . 
 i never want that . '' 
 `` what will you do now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i hope that you let someone try to help , even if it ca n't be me . '' 
 the words are difficult to say , because i so much want to be the one who helps him . 
 he studies me for a moment , then looks at his hands . 
 `` i 'm going on an extended trip , '' he says quietly . 
 `` i love to sail and it 's been a long time since i 've been . 
 adrian and i are leaving tonight . 
 i ca n't hurt anyone on the water , away from the civilized world . '' 
 `` so , you 're just going to run ? '' 
 i ask bitterly . 
 `` you 're going to hide away from the world , isolating yourself again ? '' 
 he shrugs , his shoulders elegant . 
 `` i do n't know what else to do . '' 
 let me help ! 
 i want to scream . 
 but i do n't . 
 it would be a waste of time and dignity . 
 he 's made up his mind . 
 `` i wish things had been different , '' i whisper instead . 
 he nods . 
 `` i do , too . '' 
 he reaches out now and grasps my hand , enveloping mine with his larger one . 
 he is warm and strong and i ache to melt into his body . 
 i know , from the way he is staring at me with such stormy , dark eyes that he wishes nothing but the same . 
 `` please , luca , '' i whisper . 
 i do n't know exactly what i 'm begging for . 
 everything , i guess . 
 everything and nothing . 
 luca stares at me for a moment longer , then gets to his feet , still holding my hand . 
 he leads me through the crowds of people , ignoring the curious stares . 
 he winds up the back staircases of the church , and through a hallway to a room upstairs . 
 it 's a side room and i can tell that it is n't used very often . 
 i look at luca questioningly . 
 how did he even know it was here ? 
 he senses my question . 
 `` i was an altar boy , '' he says as he closes the door . 
 `` i know this church like the back of my hand . '' 
 he turns to me and lifts me up , his mouth closing in on mine . 
 it 's hot and needy and electric . 
 `` i ca n't stay away from you , '' he growls into my neck . 
 `` even though i know i should . '' 
 `` i know , '' i whisper . 
 my hands are in his hair , driving his head into my chest , into my neck . 
 i want him everywhere , i want his taste , his touch , his tongue . 
 i just want him . 
 all around us , there is a lingering , overwhelming sense of sadness . 
 we know that this will be the last time and it makes us ache . 
 he lifts me against the wall , pushing into me . 
 there is no foreplay , because we do n't need it . 
 we only need each other . 
 when i whimper , he gently covers my mouth with his hand and stares into my eyes . 
 he rocks with me until i feel him explode . 
 he quivers against me and then stills , still clutching me to his chest . 
 after a moment , he slides me to the ground . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 his words are soft and quiet in this reverent place . 
 for the first time , i acknowledge that we just had sex in a church . 
 i should feel guilty , but i do n't . 
 i doubt that god cares . 
 `` i love you , too , '' i answer , grasping his hand as if i can make him stay with me . 
 but i ca n't . 
 finality is in the air between us . 
 we are over and we both know it . 
 all that is left is the goodbye . 
 the very worst part . 
 luca fastens his pants and adjusts his suit jacket . 
 `` please be happy , '' he says and his voice is choked . 
 he bends and brushes a soft kiss on my forehead . 
 i fight back tears as i nod , unable to speak and he wrenches his gaze from mine . 
 he leaves and does n't look back . 
 chapter thirty-four i do n't remember walking through the church or the bus ride home . 
 everything is a blur as my emotions numb my body and my heart . 
 i feel like i 'm in shock and i probably am . 
 i get off the bus down the road from my house and walk the rest of the way , one foot in front of the other . 
 when i get to the house , i find that i do n't want to go in . 
 but i also do n't want to go to marianne 's . 
 i do n't really want company . 
 instead , i walk along the beach for a while , my shoes in my hand . 
 i sit on the sand and stare at the water , burying my toes in the white beach , trying to ignore the pain in my heart . 
 no one dies from heartbreak , i remind myself . 
 i should know . 
 i lived through it years ago . 
 i honestly do n't know how long i sit like this , zoned out and staring at the water . 
 but eventually , after an hour or two , i grow cold . 
 i walk back to my cottage and make my way up the path to my door . 
 as i do , i see something propped against it . 
 an envelope . 
 curiously , i pick it up and take it inside so i can see it in the light . 
 it 's from the lab where i sent luca 's blood-work . 
 i rip it open and pull it out , my hands shaking in anticipation . 
 and then i almost drop the paper . 
 the chemical components of his blood are all normal . 
 but that 's not the interesting part . 
 on a whim , i had decided to have his blood tested for drugs . 
 and it is positive for several things . 
 enough things , actually , that the lab manager compiled a letter to accompany the results , explaining what the poisonous components likely are . 
 there are very slight trace amounts of a poison with the chemical makeup of nightshade , a naturally growing and very fatal plant . 
 there is heavy evidence of recent use of rohypnol , more commonly known as the date rape drug . 
 components of angel 's trumpet are there too , a strong hallucinogen that is known to put a person in a zombie-like state , able to function but unable to remember it afterward . 
 he was drugged . 
 my breathing is coming in pants now as i finish reading . 
 there is a heavy presence of several other naturally growing herbs , all of which are known to cause violence and aggression when used in excess . 
 i stare at the incriminating words on the white page , so astounded that they practically blur together . 
 luca has been poisoned . 
 i sink to the floor as i ponder what this means . 
 is he not cursed at all ? 
 there is no strange , dark affliction , only drugging ? 
 i know that he did n't do this to himself . 
 he would n't . 
 these poisons are very , very dangerous and nightshade alone can kill with even a small amount . 
 angel 's trumpet is highly fatal as well . 
 since only a trace is found in his blood , whoever has been drugging him is skilled . 
 they know what to give him to produce exactly the reactions that they want to see without lethally overdosing him . 
 who has access to him ? 
 who would do this to him ? 
 adrian . 
 the name and face spill into my mind immediately , although i do n't know why he would do it . 
 but he is the only one who has round the clock access to luca . 
 he 's the only one that luca trusts completely and absolutely . 
 he 's like a brother to me , adrian had said . 
 i fell for it . 
 luca fell for it . 
 everyone fell for it because adrian carries it off perfectly . 
 he is perfectly charming , perfectly friendly . 
 he 's very skilled at portraying that image . 
 i ca n't breathe now . 
 luca is about to leave on an isolated trip with adrian . 
 tonight . 
 i pull out my cell phone with shaking hands and dial his number . 
 no answer . 
 i leave a voicemail and try again . 
 no answer , so i leave another frantic voicemail . 
 oh my god . 
 oh my god . 
 oh my god . 
 without thinking , i run out the back doors and down the path to the beach and then i 'm flying as fast as my legs will take me toward chessarae . 
 i am not a runner , so i do n't know how i even make it without hyperventilating , but i do . 
 i keep going because i know that since luca runs this route , it is possible . 
 i keep going because i have to . 
 i race along the beaches , trails and roads until i reach the front doors of chessarae . 
 i ring the bell , then double over , trying to catch my breath . 
 christoph answers and he studies me curiously as i struggle to breathe . 
 `` luca , '' i manage to get out . 
 `` can i see luca ? '' 
 christoph smiles apologetically . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , miss , '' he tells me . 
 `` luca has left for a trip . 
 can i help you with something ? '' 
 it is several more minutes before i am able to breathe well enough to partially explain who i am , who i am to luca , and why i am here right now . 
 by the time i am finished , christoph 's tanned face has leached of color and he is as pale as paper . 
 `` come in , '' he tells me , ushering me through the house to luca 's study . 
 he settles me into a chair , hands me a bottle of water and then leaves . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' he tells me over his shoulder . 
 he returns scant moments later with damien , his older brother . 
 damien looks so much like luca that it takes my breath away when he walks through the door . 
 he introduces himself and i re-tell everything that i 've just explained to christoph . 
 when i am finished , damien is the same pale shade of white . 
 `` this ca n't be , '' he mumbles . 
 he shakes his head and pours himself a scotch , then one for christoph and me . 
 `` why would he do it ? '' 
 i ask as i gulp at it . 
 i can hear christoph on his phone . 
 i do n't know who he is talking to , but he 's requesting boats . 
 fast ones . 
 a search expedition . 
 `` we ca n't call the police , '' i tell damien . 
 `` we ca n't . '' 
 because we ca n't have them investigating luca 's involvement in the girls ' murders . 
 even though i do n't want to think that way , i have to protect luca . 
 he was n't himself when he blacked out , but i 'm not sure that a court would believe that . 
 i 'm not familiar with maltese law at all . 
 i do n't know if they have a temporary insanity plea and i do n't want to chance it right now . 
 `` do n't worry , '' damien tells me . 
 `` we have extensive resources . 
 we 'll handle it ourselves . 
 we 'll find him . '' 
 `` why would adrian do this ? '' 
 i ask , my heart still numb . 
 `` i do n't know , '' damien admits . 
 `` i just do n't know . '' 
 `` luca told me that the leopoldos have always worked for your family , '' i say . 
 `` how far back ? '' 
 damien thinks on that and christoph pipes up from behind him . 
 `` generations , '' he says . 
 `` generations ago , our great-great-great grandfathers started our shipping business together . 
 it was known as leopoldo-minaldi shipping back then . 
 but apparently , enzo leopoldo had a really bad gambling problem . 
 he lost everything he had and lucien minaldi - which incidentally , is who luca is named for , bought out his shares . 
 that 's the story , anyway . 
 apparently , they had a deal that the minaldis would always employ the leopoldos . 
 as the years passed , they began to work for us here at chessarae rather than at the business . '' 
 `` but if you 've always taken care of them , why would adrian turn on you ? '' 
 i ask , still confused . 
 `` but more importantly , the curse did n't begin with luca . 
 luca told me that it has gone on for generations . '' 
 `` yes , '' damien said . 
 `` it began with lucien . '' 
 christoph looks at damien and i. `` did it begin before or after we bought out the leopoldos ? '' 
 damien is quiet . 
 `` i believe it was after , if the stories are correct . 
 when lucien was younger , it never happened to him . 
 that 's why it was such a mystery . 
 the doctors could not figure it out . '' 
 we all suck in our breath . 
 can it be a coincidence ? 
 or has this been an elaborate , horrible act of revenge that has spanned generations ? 
 `` if that 's the reason , the leopoldos have some issues of their own , '' i point out unnecessarily . 
 `` perhaps bi-polarism runs in their family or schizophrenia . 
 either way , this is almost too elaborate to be real . '' 
 damien looks at me . 
 `` this is n't america , dr. talbot . 
 here in malta , our pride is very valuable . 
 it 's completely plausible that enzo leopoldo was so humiliated by the whole affair that he plotted out ways to lash out at us because he blamed us for his shame . 
 i can see it happening , actually . 
 there have been a few times over the years , when i 've heard adrian and even his father , slip and say something derogatory about our family . 
 and as you 've said , we 've never done anything but take care of them . 
 enzo leopoldo 's gambling problem was his own . 
 did lucien take advantage of the situation by buying them out ? 
 perhaps , but if he had n't , someone outside of the family would have and that was not an option for us . '' 
 `` adrian has always seemed so happy to me , '' i say absently . 
 `` i certainly misjudged him . '' 
 and that does n't say a lot for my thesis project which i 've already sent to america ... but that is not important right now . 
 `` how long will it take for your boats to find them ? '' 
 i ask damien . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 we do n't really even know where they were going . 
 but we know how long they 've been gone , so we 're sending boats into every conceivable direction . '' 
 `` do you mind if i stay ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm never going to sleep until he 's found and safe , anyway . '' 
 `` of course , '' damien answers cordially . 
 he hands me another scotch . 
 `` i assumed that you would . 
 it will be nice to have you here when luca returns anyway . 
 it will be helpful to have a professional explain what we think has happened . '' 
 that 's a good thought . 
 after a lifetime of believing he is a monster , it is hard to say how luca will process the revelation that he is n't . 
 that none of the minaldis have ever been ... that his best friend in the world has betrayed him his entire life . 
 it 's an inconceivable thought and it would be difficult for anyone to handle . 
 i settle into a leather chair and cover up with a blanket that christoph brings me . 
 the only thing we can do now is wait . 
 i take another sip of scotch , allowing it to burn my throat on the way down . 
 grendel pads quietly into the room and sits at my side . 
 i 'm surprised , but it seems fitting . 
 luca 's dog is waiting for him , too . 
 chapter thirty-five luca the sea is a lonely place . 
 i had forgotten how much so and we 've only been sailing for three hours . 
 my melancholy is already laughable . 
 `` i do n't know how you talked me into this , '' adrian calls from where he is sprawled on the starboard side . 
 `` being out here indefinitely without any female company whatsoever ? 
 it 's inhumane , luca . 
 i deserve a raise . '' 
 he laughs and props his feet on cushioned seat . 
 `` but it is beautiful out here . 
 that 's a plus . '' 
 `` you 're a good friend , adrian , '' i tell him . 
 `` you do deserve a raise . 
 think of how many women you can charm when you have more money to spend . '' 
 i smile even though my heart is n't in it . 
 my heart is with a beautiful red-headed doctor . 
 i push the thoughts away . 
 `` true , '' he answers good-naturedly . 
 `` and we 've got a nice supply of scotch , and that 's what is really important , no ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` if only we had a cell signal , it would be perfect , '' i tell him . 
 adrian agrees . 
 `` the satellite phone should be up and running soon . 
 i spoke with the company right before we set sail . 
 they assured me that they were working on the problem . '' 
 `` it makes me slightly uncomfortable being out here without a phone , '' i admit to him . 
 `` i know we have a radio and i realize that sailors have sailed for hundreds of years without cell phones , but still . '' 
 adrian laughs . 
 `` pansy . '' 
 `` if by pansy , you mean that i 'm accustomed to the comforts that the twenty-first century has to offer , then yes . 
 i guess i am , '' i banter back . 
 idle conversation with him is helpful for me . 
 it keeps my mind off of her . 
 off of my heart , which vacillates between being numb and broken . 
 jesus . 
 my own thoughts are making me sick . 
 maybe i am a pansy . 
 and i have a f ** king headache . 
 `` i 'm going below for more scotch , '' i tell him . 
 `` do you need anything ? '' 
 `` not unless you find a gorgeous blonde down there , '' he answers back lazily , his eyes already closing . 
 `` if you do , send her my way . '' 
 i shake my head as i walk down the steps that lead to the living quarters below . 
 this sailboat is large , and it houses two small bedrooms , a galley area and a bathroom below . 
 i poke through the bathroom cabinet to find aspirin and come up empty-handed . 
 i do n't have any in my bags either . 
 son of a bitch . 
 my head is throbbing . 
 i blame it on the emotional toll of the day , which would have given anyone a headache . 
 i duck into adrian 's room . 
 he 's always prepared . 
 i know he will have painkillers in here . 
 he 's very accustomed to hangovers . 
 his room is neat , almost spartan . 
 he has already put away his things and i quickly rifle through his toiletries , hunting for what i need . 
 what i find , though , is not aspirin . 
 my fingers stumble upon a leather bag . 
 it looks like a toiletry bag , so i open it . 
 and inside , i find several clear bottles . 
 one contains a black thick liquid and is capped with a dropper . 
 the other two contain clear liquid . 
 they also are topped with droppers . 
 interesting . 
 but not surprising . 
 i 've long suspected adrian of using recreational drugs . 
 it 's just something that goes along with his carefree and adventurous personality . 
 but to bring them on the boat when it might incriminate me in case of a border check is annoying and i 'll have to speak to him about it . 
 `` what the f ** k are you doing in my room ? '' 
 adrian snaps . 
 i look up , his bag still in my hands . 
 his face is hard and rigid and i am surprised by the tone of his voice . 
 `` i 'm hunting for aspirin , '' i snap back . 
 `` but this is my boat , so technically , all of the rooms are mine . 
 what 's with the attitude ? 
 afraid i 'll find your little stash here ? 
 what are you thinking ? 
 i do n't want the kind of bad press that would come from a drug sting . '' 
 i toss the bag back onto his bed . 
 `` you need to get rid of it . 
 in fact , i 'll get rid of it . '' 
 i snatch it up again , then push past adrian to go up on deck . 
 he clenches his jaw so tightly that i can practically hear his teeth grind as i pass . 
 i am halfway up the stairs before there is a sharp pain in the back of my head and everything goes black . 
 * * * `` why did you have to snoop ? '' 
 i hear adrian 's voice , but it is as though it is through a fog . 
 did i black out again ? 
 i think harder , trying to focus . 
 i did . 
 but it was n't from my curse . 
 i was hit in the head . 
 and there was only one other person on this boat . 
 i open my eyes and the light in the room is blinding . 
 unnaturally blinding . 
 i 've got a concussion . 
 that much is clear . 
 my wrists are bound to the back of a chair . 
 i wiggle them , but the knots are tight . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask , even though i already know . 
 for some confusing reason , adrian hit me and bound me while i was unconscious . 
 the problem is , i do n't know why . 
 has he sold me out to someone ? 
 has he kidnapped me for ransom ? 
 nothing makes sense . 
 `` you were being rude , '' adrian snaps . 
 `` you were going through someone else 's things . 
 we were taught better than that , luca . '' 
 `` adrian , i do n't understand what is happening , '' i tell him . 
 and i do n't . 
 he laughs , finding my confusion funny . 
 `` i 'm a f ** k up , that 's what , '' he says , his face growing serious . 
 `` i 'm the first one in my family to f ** k this up . 
 my father would be so f ** king proud . '' 
 he 's sarcastic now and i still do n't know what he is saying . 
 `` you f ** ked what up ? '' 
 i struggle to keep my eyes open , but the light is so bright that it hurts . 
 `` this , you f ** king idiot . '' 
 adrian shoves my shoulder hard , hard enough that the chair i 'm sitting in flips over on its side . 
 since i am bound , i ca n't right it . 
 i struggle with it for a moment , then lie still . 
 adrian laughs . 
 `` look at you now , '' he sneers . 
 `` the great luca minaldi tied on the floor like a trussed up hog for slaughter . 
 your father would be so proud . '' 
 i am silent now , my confusion growing by the second , but i know that adrian is n't going to enlighten me . 
 i 'll simply have to wait . 
 my silence annoys him and he tries to bait me , but i ignore it . 
 he kicks my chair in agitation . 
 `` you 've always thought you were better than me , '' he snaps . 
 `` and you never were . 
 it was all in your head . 
 and the funny thing is , mr. so fucking holier than thou , is that everything else in your head , i put there . 
 i put there . 
 so where 's your f ** king arrogance now ? '' 
 my eyes open . 
 `` what do you mean you put things in my head ? '' 
 adrian eyes me . 
 `` exactly what i said . 
 i put everything in your head that is there right now . 
 you 've been tormented for years ... by thoughts that i 've planted there . 
 by things that i 've told you that you 've done . 
 by things that i 've made it appear that you 've done . 
 but it was always me , luca . 
 always . 
 me . '' 
 he sees the confusion on my face and laughs . 
 `` you always thought you were so smart , '' he snickers . 
 `` you thought you had to tutor poor dumb adrian so that he did n't fail algebra . 
 yet poor dumb adrian was making you think you were a monster , that you were trying to kill innocent things , that you were cursed ... and you never were . 
 you never were , luca ! 
 who 's dumb now ? '' 
 his words stun me but his maniacal laughter shocks me even more . 
 adrian has lost it . 
 `` that ca n't be true , '' i argue . 
 `` my entire family is cursed . 
 my father , my grandfather ... '' adrian looks at me patronizingly . 
 `` and who has always worked for your family ? 
 my father ? 
 my grandfather ? '' 
 he laughs again . 
 `` i have poisoned you and lied to you , luca . 
 just as my father and grandfather before me . 
 and theirs before them . 
 it was the poison that made you violent . 
 it was the poison that took your memory . 
 it was me who fed you lies . 
 poor , dumb luca . '' 
 shock slams into my chest and fury turns my vision red . 
 `` you did this to me ? 
 you ?? '' 
 i roar like an animal but it only causes adrian to laugh harder . 
 `` yes , me , '' he laughs . 
 `` always me . 
 and your mother ... your poor demented mother ? 
 that was me , as well . 
 the tea that she just had to have shipped in from italy like the spoiled bitch that she was ? 
 i drugged it . 
 your mother would have been right as rain if it were n't for me . 
 and the funny thing is that she thought it was you . 
 she told me once , in a lucid moment , that she thought you were poisoning her . 
 but it was me all along . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i rasp , still unable to wrap my head around it . 
 `` why would you do this to me ... to my family ? '' 
 he looks at me like i 'm a fool . 
 `` because we hate you , '' he says simply . 
 `` we f ** king hate you . 
 you ruined us so long ago and your family has used us as servants ever since . 
 why the f ** k would n't we hate you , luca ? 
 we 're not f ** king servants . 
 we 're men . 
 and i 'm so much more of a man than you are , '' he snaps . 
 `` do you think you had the balls to kill those girls ? 
 do you really think that ? 
 you 're too much of a pu ** y . 
 you had all the balls in the world to f ** k them , to rape them , but you left it like that ... you left them alive . 
 they would have gone straight to the police and reported you and then everything would be over . 
 you would have been put in prison , away from my reach . 
 life in prison would have made your life easier and i could n't have that . '' 
 he all but spits the words as he spins on his heel . 
 `` so , i did what you could n't because you 're too weak . 
 and now that you know , i 'm sorry , but your battle has come to an end . 
 your family will be told that you could n't bear to live with your curse any longer . 
 they 'll believe that , you know . 
 you 're such a pathetic excuse for a human being . 
 so f ** king weak . 
 the public will be told that you drowned . 
 all will be well . '' 
 `` except for me , '' i answer bitterly . 
 `` and for those girls . 
 you killed them . 
 it was you ... all along . '' 
 he smiles down at me . 
 `` it was n't only me . 
 you were there , luca . 
 i may have killed them , but you raped them . 
 and then , of course , i raped them , too . 
 it would have been wasteful not to , do n't you think ? '' 
 i feel nauseous at his words . 
 `` i ca n't believe this , '' i mutter . 
 `` i raped them because you drugged me . 
 i trusted you . 
 you were supposed to be my closest friend . '' 
 adrian smiles sardonically in a way that i 've never seen him smile before . 
 it is in this moment that i realize that i never really knew him at all . 
 he 's insane . 
 `` oh , you can trust me when i say this : i will put you out of your misery , friend . '' 
 adrian starts to walk up the steps when i hear something loud . 
 chopper blades . 
 adrian freezes . 
 lights are flashing all around us and then i hear a loud-speaker . 
 `` luca minaldi , if you are on board , come out where we can see you . '' 
 i 've never been more relieved in my life . 
 that is , until adrian returns with a large knife in his hand . 
 he cuts my ropes and yanks me to my feet , sticking the knife against my spine . 
 `` go , '' he says . 
 `` do n't try anything or this knife gets buried in your back . 
 do n't doubt it . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' i say calmly , walking slowly up the steps . 
 we step on deck and there are helicopters circling low and boats surrounding us . 
 `` luca minaldi ? 
 are you alright ? '' 
 the loud speaker calls out . 
 i shake my head no . 
 `` adrian leopoldo ! 
 step away from mr. minaldi . 
 be advised that there are rifles trained on you at this moment . '' 
 `` fucking son of a bitch , '' adrian mutters . 
 `` you 're a f ** king son of a bitch , minaldi . 
 you always think you will come out ahead . 
 but not this time . '' 
 before i can think , breathe or move , he has yanked me overboard with him . 
 on the way over , his knife sinks into my shoulder but i do n't even feel it . 
 the water is choppy because of an impending storm and i fight to get back to the surface . 
 i choke in water as the waves roll over my head and i am washed under again , slammed into the side of the boat . 
 i grapple with a line that i feel there , and pull myself to the surface , clinging to the boat . 
 when i push my head above water , i do n't see adrian anywhere . 
 i hold fast to the side of the boat with one arm , the uninjured one , until help arrives . 
 i 'm hauled back on board and friendly faces surround me , wrapping a blanket around my shoulders while a medic examines my shoulder . 
 `` mr. minaldi , this is your lucky day , '' one of them tells me . 
 `` the knife missed your artery . 
 you 're going to be fine . '' 
 `` did you get adrian ? '' 
 i ask , searching behind them . 
 adrian is n't there and the medic shakes his head . 
 `` no . 
 we have n't found him yet . 
 the current is bad today . 
 he ca n't survive out there . '' 
 it does n't matter . 
 there 's only one thing that matters . 
 one person that matters . 
 `` do any of you have a satellite phone ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i need to make a call . '' 
 chapter thirty-six eva my cell phone buzzes in my pocket and i pull it out . 
 i do n't recognize the number , but i answer it anyway . 
 `` eva ? '' 
 i would know that voice anywhere , that husky , rich voice . 
 `` luca , '' i cry in relief . 
 my knees feel like they will collapse and i sink back into the chair , my fingers trembling as i clutch the phone . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he tells me . 
 `` i am now . 
 i 'm coming home . 
 will you meet me at chessarae ? 
 there 's so much to explain . '' 
 `` i 'm already here waiting for you , '' i tell him happily . 
 i feel the tears streaming down my cheeks . 
 `` hurry home . '' 
 and he does . 
 a couple of anxious hours later , luca is walking through the door . 
 tall and strong , he strides directly through the room , stopping for no one until he reaches me . 
 he is wet and as he bends in front of me , his dark hair falls across his forehead and droplets of rain drip into my lap . 
 he stares at me and it is like we are the only two people in the room , as though his brothers are n't even here . 
 looking into my eyes , he whispers , `` i 'm not a monster , eva . '' 
 my heart seems to split into two at the vulnerable look on his face . 
 at this moment , he is a little boy who wants acceptance . 
 he is the little boy whose mother hated him , who grew up thinking he was n't fit to be alive . 
 i picture luca as a scared five-year old , tied to his bed in the dark and my eyes fill with tears . 
 `` no , you are n't . 
 you never were . '' 
 he buries his head in my chest , his arms wrapped tightly around me . 
 `` but i 've done terrible things . 
 can you forgive me ? '' 
 my heart cramps and a lump forms in my throat . 
 `` it was n't you , luca . 
 it was never you . 
 there 's nothing to forgive . '' 
 he draws me to him , then pulls me from the chair . 
 holding my hand , he leads me from the room . 
 christoph and damien speak to him as we pass , telling him they are glad he 's safe . 
 he speaks to them , but we do n't stop . 
 we pass through the large house , winding through the halls until we reach his bedroom . 
 we tumble into his bed and luca wraps his arms around me . 
 we stay awake for the longest time . 
 we do n't speak , we just exist together . 
 my head rests against his chest and i listen to his heartbeat . 
 it is that comforting , strong sound that lulls me to sleep and we stay wrapped together all night . 
 when i open my eyes , luca is staring into them . 
 he is lying on his side watching me , ever beautiful in the morning sun . 
 he has a bandage on one bare shoulder . 
 he watches me wake and smiles . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 i smile back . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 `` we have a lot to talk about , '' he says . 
 i nod . 
 `` i know . 
 but everything will be alright now , luca . 
 we 're going to be fine . 
 you 're going to be fine . '' 
 `` i know , '' he agrees . 
 he bends and kisses me and everything really does feel like it will be fine . 
 we get up and shower , then have breakfast with his brothers in the formal dining room . 
 christoph is leaving today , but damien will stay for another day or two to take care of some loose ends . 
 i do n't ask what his loose ends are , but the following afternoon , a group of hunters come across a pack of wild wolves . 
 a news story intimates that these wolves might be the very same ones that were responsible for the vicious killings that have happened of late . 
 hearing that , i look up into damien 's intense eyes . 
 i suddenly know what his ` loose ends ' were . 
 he was ensuring that his brother was protected . 
 i 'm sure that someone , somewhere , is getting paid so that the dna test results on those girls is suppressed , so that there is no evidence that they were sexually violated . 
 i should feel guilty about being thankful for that . 
 but i tell myself that the girls are dead anyway . 
 there 's no reason why luca should have to further pay for a crime that he did n't want to commit . 
 he was drugged . 
 it was n't really him committing those acts . 
 and i know that damien will also ensure that adrian , the one who should truly pay , is found and privately punished . 
 i am more grateful than i can express to damien . 
 `` you do n't have to thank me , '' he says when i try to talk to him about it . 
 `` luca is my brother , but more than that , he is a good man . 
 he does n't deserve what has happened to him . '' 
 `` none of you have , '' i tell him . 
 `` this thing has n't just affected luca . 
 it 's affected all of you , for so very long . '' 
 i stop talking and think about melina and nicolas and all of the minaldis before them , all of them believing that they carry some sort of evil genetic anomaly . 
 all of them believing that they were monsters . 
 it 's heartbreaking . 
 i glance at damien , and i know he 's thinking the same thing . 
 he shakes his head , as though to free his head of troubling thoughts . 
 `` it 's over now , though , '' he points out . 
 `` and luca has you . 
 and i know you will help him through this . 
 my brother is strong and so are you . '' 
 i smile and hug him , and he even feels like luca . 
 strong , powerful and lithe . 
 he leaves to return to london with instructions to call him if he is needed . 
 luca and i are once again alone . 
 we attempt to return to normalcy , taking it one day at a time . 
 i stay at chessarae with him and put things in motion to get my license to practice medicine in malta . 
 i ca n't imagine returning to the states right now . 
 i ca n't imagine leaving luca . 
 i know that he ca n't , either . 
 `` stay with me , '' he said to me the day after everything happened . 
 `` do n't leave . '' 
 and i promised him that i would n't . 
 chessarae is a beautiful place , filled with dark memories and beautiful scenery . 
 i spend my days walking through the gardens , taking trips to town and revising my thesis with my mentor from the hospital in portland . 
 when it is finally ready , luca and i take a week and travel to the states while i defend my dissertation in front of a panel at the university . 
 i pass with flying colors and i am approved to specialize in psychiatric medicine . 
 luca and i spend the weekend celebrating in portland , strolling down the scenic walks beside the willamette river which flows through the center of the city . 
 luca laughs about the near constant rain , but i remind him that that is why the pacific northwest is so beautiful and green . 
 he laughs and reminds me that malta is beautiful , too , and it does n't need to rain constantly to stay that way . 
 i have to concede that point . 
 we return to malta and life continues , seemingly idyllic . 
 i pester luca , insisting that at some point , he will have to talk about everything that happened with me . 
 and if not with me , then with someone . 
 he agrees . 
 `` adrian is still out there , '' i remind him . 
 `` i know that damien has hired people to find him , but he 's still out there . 
 that must weigh heavily on your mind . 
 you need to talk about it . '' 
 `` but i 'm not ready yet , '' he tells me . 
 `` i have to process it first myself . 
 then i 'll discuss it with you . '' 
 i agree with that . 
 it 's perfectly understandable . 
 `` we 're completely safe at the house , '' he assures me . 
 `` we 've hired extra security . 
 adrian ca n't hurt us . '' 
 i believe him . 
 damien told me himself that the minaldis have extensive resources . 
 i know that we are safe . 
 chessarae is a virtual fortress . 
 i know he is troubled , however . 
 i wake many times in the night to find that he is n't in bed . 
 i always know where to find him . 
 he plays the piano because the music soothes him . 
 each time i wake and he is gone , i sit with him while he plays for a while before i lead him back to bed . 
 one night , i find him alone on the terrace at 2:00 a.m. , staring at the moon in the darkness . 
 `` i should turn myself in , '' he tells me quietly . 
 when he turns to me , i can see the angst on his face . 
 `` it 's the right thing to do . '' 
 `` no , '' i am firm . 
 `` how is that the right thing to do ? 
 adrian is at fault for everything . 
 you did n't rape those girls . 
 the drugs that adrian gave you raped those girls . 
 then adrian killed them . 
 why should you turn yourself in for that ? 
 because of adrian , you 've hated yourself your entire life . 
 because of what he did , you will feel guilty for the rest of your life . 
 i know you . 
 you will carry this guilt forever and that is quite enough punishment for something that you had no control over . 
 you did n't do this , luca . 
 adrian did . '' 
 he nods , but i can see that his heart is n't in his words . 
 `` i know that . 
 but my body forced those girls against their will . 
 it was my body , even if i was n't in control of it . 
 every once in a while , i get memory flashes , just little bits and pieces . 
 there are times when i see their faces and it makes me sick . '' 
 i turn his chin so that he is looking at me . 
 `` it was n't you , luca . 
 it was adrian . 
 you have been a victim in this , too . 
 and damien 's men will find him and he will be punished . 
 the rightful person will be punished and that is not you . 
 those girls will be vindicated . 
 i promise . '' 
 he nods , but mumbles , `` still , i have to do something . '' 
 soon after , i hear from marianne that an anonymous benefactor has set up very large memorial funds for the girls ' families . 
 i know it was luca , although he never mentions it . 
 time passes ; weeks , then a month . 
 one night at dinner , several weeks after we return , we are eating a formal six-course meal when luca pushes away from the table during the second course . 
 `` i 'm in the mood for a ride . 
 are you ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` on a horse ? '' 
 luca nods . 
 `` on the beach . '' 
 he does n't have to ask me twice . 
 we share a horse , like we did the last time , so many weeks ago . 
 i lean against his chest and he wraps his warm arms around me , keeping me safe and secure in the night . 
 i watch the sea lap gently at the sandy beach . 
 it 's soothing . 
 being here with luca is soothing . 
 luca draws the horse to a stop and slides to the ground . 
 i stare at him in confusion . 
 `` i 'm in the mood for a swim now , '' he tells me with a wolfish grin . 
 `` in the dark ? '' 
 i quirk an eyebrow . 
 `` i did n't bring a suit . '' 
 `` neither did i , '' he says wickedly . 
 he strips off his clothes , then helps me strip off mine . 
 we run into the waves , laughing like children . 
 the moon hangs overhead , romantic and full . 
 the magic of it is too much to resist and i grab luca , pulling him to me . 
 i cover his lips with mine , kissing him with everything that i have . 
 he makes love to me in the water , as my legs wrap around his hips . 
 when we are finished and spent , we lay in the sand on the beach , staring up at the stars . 
 `` you 've saved me , '' luca says quietly . 
 i turn to him in surprise . 
 `` i did n't save you , '' i tell him firmly . 
 `` you did n't need saving , luca . 
 your entire life as you know it was a lie . 
 even if i had n't been here , you would have come through it just fine . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` you have been my saving grace from the moment i met you , before you even knew it . 
 it sounds silly to say , but it is the truth . 
 you offered me hope when i did n't have any . 
 i 've clung to that notion from the beginning , even when i knew that i should n't endanger you , that i should n't chance it . 
 i knew , even then , that there was something different about you . 
 i ca n't imagine ever being without you . '' 
 `` you never have to be without me , '' i assure him , my voice catching . 
 `` luca , this has been difficult , i know . 
 but i 'm here to stay . 
 you 'll never have to be without me and i 'll never have to be without you . '' 
 `` promise me , '' he says , picking up my hand and staring into my eyes . 
 his are a stormy black . 
 `` marry me . 
 stay with me forever . '' 
 i look at him , at his beautiful chiseled features , at his handsome grin , his perfect smile . 
 `` yes , '' i tell him . 
 `` i will stay with you forever . '' 
 he kisses me softly , pulling me to him and we make love on the beach . 
 `` i do n't have a ring , '' he tells me as we ride back to chessarae , tired and spent . 
 `` i do n't want to use my mother 's or my grandmother 's . 
 i want something new , something that is n't associated with anything dark or ugly . 
 we 'll go to town tomorrow and you can pick anything you 'd like . '' 
 i smile in the dark . 
 `` i 'm not worried about the ring , '' i tell him sleepily . 
 `` if i could wear you on my finger , i would . '' 
 `` i 'm wrapped around it already , '' he says drily . 
 `` does that count ? '' 
 we laugh and return the horse to the stable , then find our way upstairs to luca 's bedroom . 
 to our bedroom . 
 we fall asleep immediately with our arms wrapped around each other and the moon shining in our room through the open balcony doors . 
 life is perfect . 
 or at least , it is until luca wakes me in the night . 
 i startle awake , taking a moment to realize that luca is perched above me , drenched in sweat . 
 as the moon shines in and my eyes adjust to being awake , i see the same empty expression in his eyes that i 've seen so many times before . 
 the empty , dark expression . 
 my heart seems to freeze in my chest , afraid to even beat . 
 `` luca ? '' 
 i ask , my voice hesitant . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he does n't answer . 
 instead , he mumbles something that i ca n't understand . 
 i shake his shoulder . 
 `` luca , wake up . '' 
 but he does n't respond and i realize , with a sinking heart , that he is n't asleep . 
 `` luca , '' i say again , more firmly this time . 
 he looks at me , but does n't see me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he mutters over and over . 
 `` so sorry . 
 forgive me . 
 there was so much blood . 
 forgive me . '' 
 he 's repeating himself over and over , and wipes at his hands as if to wipe the blood away . 
 he 's not himself . 
 how many times have i heard him say those words ? 
 i 'm not myself . 
 but he 's not . 
 again . 
 my heart drops into my stomach as he climbs from the bed and walks na ** d from the room . 
 i jump up and chase him , calling for him to come back . 
 but he does n't stop . 
 my voice does n't sway him , my fear does n't move him . 
 he 's immersed in something that only he can see . 
 finally , as i scream at him to stop , he turns to me and the empty , dark expression in his eyes , so devoid of anything but torment , terrifies me . 
 and i know that it is n't over . 
 epilogue adrian hate rips through me , blinding me with a blur of crimson red . 
 blood red . 
 no one knows luca minaldi like i do . 
 no one knows his thoughts , his behaviors , his f ** king emotions better than me . 
 i should know him . 
 i 've been stuck with him my entire life . 
 it 's my lot . 
 i know he thinks i 'm insane . 
 i saw it on his face as he stood on the rainy deck of the boat . 
 he thinks i 'm to be pitied , that i 'm damaged and pathetic . 
 everything that he thought he was . 
 it 's enough to make me want to puke . 
 but it will work to my advantage . 
 if he thinks i am insane , he will underestimate me . 
 he will not be watching for me at the moment when he needs to the most . 
 and that 's when i 'll be there . 
 if he thinks that i will allow him to come out of this unscathed , to live a normal life and profit from the life that he stole from my family , he is sadly , sadly mistaken . 
 i smile when i think of what i know ; what i know that he does n't . 
 my family , my great-great-great grandfather , was consumed with creating the perfect hallucinogen , the perfect concoction of poisonous herbs and plants that would turn the minaldi men into beasts ; beasts that would be eaten alive by their own guilt at actions that they could n't control . 
 and he did exactly that . 
 for his time period , enzo leopoldo created an amazingly powerful drug . 
 but i have the advantage of modern medicine on my side , so i tweaked the old formula a bit . 
 and the end result is something the world has n't yet seen ; a drug so powerful that its effects will be felt long after the drug itself is no longer consumed . 
 in fact , for all that i know , the effects are permanent . 
 i 'm no chemist . 
 i have no way of knowing exactly how long it is effective . 
 but this is what i do know . 
 luca minaldi is a monster . 
 i turned him into one and because of me , he will stay one for a long time to come . 
 the exact time frame is unclear , but it will most certainly be long enough for my purposes and that is all that matters . 
 they say that hell hath no fury like a woman scorned . 
 but i say that hell hath no fury like a man on a mission . 
 and luca minaldi is my mission . 
 i 'm coming for him . 
 and i 'm bringing all the pain and torment of hell with me . 
 the end . 
