 chapter one the girl 's skin glistened in the firelight . 
 she was ghostly pale and seemed to shimmer as she hovered over a young man , her dark reddish-brown hair curling around her slender , naked shoulders . 
 the man was no older than twenty years old and he watched her in rapt fascination as she gyrated above him , sliding her hands over his bare chest as she bent her head to kiss the smooth skin where she had touched . 
 she kissed a trail to his neck as he ran his freckled hands lightly over her bare back . 
 hovering above him , she turned her gaze to meet mine , her eyes a tranquil , calm gray . 
 `` help me , '' she whispered . 
 and then she plunged her teeth into the side of his neck . 
 he thrashed wildly and attempted to get away , but she was inhumanly strong and held him tightly to the bed until he grew limp and still while she remained fastened to his neck . 
 finally , her appetite was sated and she raised her head , her gaze still locked with mine as blood streaked down her chin and dropped onto her neck . 
 `` help me , '' she repeated , speaking directly to me . 
 and then i realized in horror that the firelight flickering against her skin was actually coming from her . 
 her hair was n't auburn , it was on fire . 
 i screamed . 
 and then i was awake , grasping the bedclothes while cadmus held me , murmuring into my ear . 
 `` harmonia , it 's alright . 
 you 're alright . 
 we 'll find her , '' he soothed , stroking my back gently with large hands . 
 i tried to still my racing heart , to calm my rasping breath , as i studied my husband . 
 he thought i was dreaming about our daughter again , as i had for several nights in a row . 
 ever since we had discovered that undoing the fates ' hold on the mortal world had also ripped our daughter from our grasp , i had dreamed of raquel . 
 but not tonight . 
 `` my love , '' cadmus murmured , pulling me to his chest , `` if i could take your pain and your fear away , i would do it in a moment . 
 i hope you know that . 
 watching you struggle rips my heart apart . '' 
 `` i feel like nothing will ever be the same , '' i whispered into the dark . 
 he stilled for a moment before he answered , his voice quiet in the night . 
 `` it wo n't be , '' he acknowledged . 
 `` but once we find our daughter , we will be better than we 've ever been . 
 our lives will be perfect . '' 
 i closed my eyes and listened to his strong heart beat . 
 i had known him for centuries . 
 as my soul mate , he knew me better than anyone . 
 he could take one look at my face and know what i was thinking , even without reading my thoughts - which he was perfectly capable of doing , as well . 
 i sighed and looked up to find his chocolate eyes fixed on my face . 
 `` cadmus , i love you . 
 i 'm sorry that i have been so distant these past few days . 
 i have faith that we will find raquel and bring her home . 
 it 's just that my nightmares are so vivid . 
 when i see her screaming for me in the wastelands , it is as though i can reach out and touch her ... and then she is gone . 
 i feel so helpless . 
 and if that were n't enough , now i 'm dreaming about someone else . 
 i do n't know her , but she asked for my help . '' 
 i sighed again and dropped my forehead against his warm body . 
 `` was this person real ? '' 
 cadmus raised a dark eyebrow . 
 `` or is your sense of responsibility just bleeding into your dreams ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i answered thinly . 
 `` it could be either one , i guess . '' 
 he pulled me closer , stroking my hair away from my forehead . 
 his large hands were strong and comforting . 
 he had been very patient with me these past couple of days . 
 i knew that . 
 `` hush then , sweet one , and go back to sleep . 
 i will protect you from your dreams - you need to rest . 
 we have a long journey in front of us . 
 you will need to be strong . '' 
 i nodded and nestled into him , willing my mind to stop churning . 
 cadmus was handsome , strong and he always knew my heart , but he was wrong about this . 
 he could protect me from everything else , but he could n't stop my dreams . 
 regardless , i knew he was right about needing my strength and i closed my eyes . 
 when i opened them again , morning light was flooding our bedchambers and cadmus was gone . 
 i had thankfully slept through the rest of the night without nightmares . 
 i stretched and glanced around the room . 
 brilliant sunshine bounced from every surface , from the marble walls to the polished stone floors , to the massive furniture . 
 and there was no one else here , which was strange . 
 it was rare that i was alone . 
 ever since our epic battle with the fates and the keres on the fields of camelot a few days ago , someone had always made sure to be by my side ... whether it was my mother , aphrodite , my father , ares , my sister , ortrera or my husband . 
 because the fates had managed to have the last laugh and undo my daughter 's very existence after they had been dragged into the underworld by the keres , i would readily admit that i had n't been at my best . 
 a sniveling wreck would be a more accurate description . 
 it had taken us three days to prepare for our journey , to gather everything that the goddess of witchcraft , hecate , had thought that we might need as we crossed the spiritlands , the mortal world and heaven only knew where else as we hunted for the imprisoned olympians . 
 without zeus , i would never get my daughter back . 
 he had to be found . 
 the mere thought of raquel 's frightened face caused my heart to start racing again and i slumped against the pillows . 
 we had only just discovered that she was ours before she had been wrenched away . 
 and deep in my heart , i knew she was frightened . 
 i could feel it with a mother 's intuition . 
 even though i had only known myself to be a mother for a few days . 
 `` stop it , '' a quiet voice murmured . 
 startled , i turned and found hecate lingering in my doorway . 
 vibrant and beautiful as always , her long blonde hair tumbled to the small of her back in wavy curls . 
 she was most certainly not what you would expect the goddess of witchcraft to look like . 
 `` stop torturing yourself , '' she insisted as she crossed to my bed . 
 `` you must . 
 none of this is your doing . 
 none of us , not even me , saw this coming . 
 so get out of bed , get dressed and let us leave so that we can repair it . 
 you will not fix anything at all from in here . '' 
 her stern voice surprised me and my head snapped up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , her thin eyebrow raised . 
 `` do you think i should tiptoe around you like everyone else ? 
 yes , your daughter has been taken from you . 
 yes , the olympians are hidden from us somewhere . 
 but you are the chosen one , harmonia . 
 it is time for you to start acting like it once again . '' 
 `` why are you being so mean ? '' 
 i whispered as i curled my fingers deeper within my sheets , turning my face away from her . 
 the desolation that i felt deep inside was consuming . 
 i could hardly think past it . 
 there was no way she could understand . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 hecate hissed as she threw my covers back and pulled me to my feet , ignoring my question . 
 `` this is not you , harmonia . 
 you are strong . 
 you are a fighter . 
 you are the chosen one , for god 's sake . 
 you 're the goddess of peace-summon some of that for yourself . 
 get up ! '' 
 i stared at her blankly , then whimpered . 
 `` where 's cadmus ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes and then snapped , `` he 's with your parents . 
 they do n't have the heart to do what i am doing now . 
 this is called tough love . 
 why do you think we have taken so long to prepare for this trip ? 
 because we have been waiting for you to regain your feisty spirit before we set off . 
 and i was patient-you 've been through a lot and you deserved a brief rest . 
 but three days ? 
 enough is enough ! 
 so many things hinge upon your actions , harmonia . 
 your mortal mother is waiting on calypso 's island and your daughter must be found , not to mention the olympians . 
 pull yourself together . '' 
 staring into my eyes , she shook me hard . 
 my head whipped back and i should have been angry . 
 or startled . 
 or something . 
 i knew that was her intention . 
 but i was n't . 
 i felt numb and when she stopped , i stood still once more with my head bowed . 
 `` oh , god 's teeth , '' hecate muttered . 
 `` i 've readied a bath for you in the bathhouse . 
 go and bathe . 
 we will ride at dusk . '' 
 `` why dusk ? '' 
 i asked woodenly . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she threw over her shoulder as she walked out . 
 `` just be ready . '' 
 i stared at her for a moment , pondering my circumstances . 
 i had always loved a good hot bath and zeus ' bathhouse was the finest anywhere . 
 but the mere thought of bathing was exhausting , much less actually doing it . 
 however , the thought of suffering hecate 's wrath if she returned to find me still here spurred me into motion . 
 it seemed to take too much effort to summon the energy to materialize in front of the bath , so i walked instead , one numb foot after the other . 
 i kept my eyes straight ahead , ignoring the stares from the house servants as i descended the stairs of the palace . 
 as i passed through the courtyard , the beauty surrounding me faded into an insignificant backdrop . 
 the falling blue lotus blossoms , the intricate arbors dripping with jasmine , honeysuckle and climbing wisteria , the sculpted gardens that stretched as far as i could see ... all of it blended together . 
 the scents filled the air and my nose . 
 but i did n't enjoy it as i normally did . 
 the swirling sky above me , unique to the spiritlands , was bright with daylight hues ... pinks , whites , yellows and blues . 
 the clouds swirled and puffed and it was a happy scene . 
 i should have felt brightened at the sight . 
 but i did not . 
 i felt empty inside . 
 hecate was right . 
 i had been through a lot lately . 
 in the not so distant past , i had found out that for several millennia the fates had lied to me , telling me that i was a keeper of fate and that i was marked to carry out their plans for the mortal world . 
 that was a lie . 
 for thousands of years , i had lived their lie , which typically had tragic and heartbreaking consequences for me in each life . 
 in reality , i was the daughter of aphrodite and ares . 
 and if that were n't bad enough , the fates had somehow managed to imprison the gods . 
 i had already found zeus ' elusive sword , which had saved my husband cadmus from their clutches , but when hecate had sheathed it next to zeus ' throne , it had interfered with many things that the fates had designed ... one of them being my daughter . 
 sweet little raquel . 
 i had only just discovered her . 
 the fates had hidden her from me throughout the millennia , erasing her from my memory so that i did n't even know that she was mine . 
 until now-and right after i had found her , she had been wrenched away . 
 she was just ... gone . 
 it was so devastating that i did n't know if i could stand it . 
 `` chosen one , '' i muttered as i kicked a pebble on the cobblestone walk to the bathhouse . 
 i might be the chosen one , meant to return the spiritlands to zeus , but how could i do that when i had allowed my very own daughter slip from my grasp ? 
 pushing open the jeweled doors , i gazed inside the massive bathhouse . 
 it was an opulent scene straight from ancient rome . 
 a massive sparkling pool heated to the perfect temperature filled the majority of the room . 
 open hallways on either side , sculpted with flying buttresses , housed several smaller pools each fed from fountains flowing from the marble walls . 
 white marble statues of the gods lined the backlit alcoves . 
 the soothing bubbling sounds filled my ears as i padded across the cut granite floor , the stone cool beneath my bare feet . 
 it was empty but for me . 
 letting my soft linen sheath drop to my ankles , i stepped out of it and into the water , wading into the largest pool wearing only my bloodstone . 
 my bloodstone . 
 i sighed . 
 a gift and a curse , it had been given to me by my step-father hephaestus in his attempt to seek revenge on my mother , aphrodite , for betraying him with my father , ares . 
 zeus had donated a bit of his own blood to hephaestus for the cause , which had resulted in the pendant possessing powerful abilities , as well as hephaestus ' curse . 
 because my memories were wiped clean in every mortal life that i had lived for the past couple of millennia , i had forgotten who i actually was and the history of my bloodstone for a very long time . 
 the fates had allowed me to think that they created it instead , that it was part of their organization , the order of the moirae . 
 just another lie in an entire life filled with them . 
 i sighed again . 
 the water was perfect , hot enough to steam , but not so hot that i could n't bear it . 
 pulling the water back with my arms , i dropped onto my back and floated . 
 i imagined that the water smelled like honeysuckle and instantly the flowery scent surrounded me . 
 i stared up at the stone ceiling . 
 it was painted with an intricate mural of zeus and hera presiding over a royal banquet . 
 everyone in the painting was happy and joyful , laughing like carefree gods should . 
 aphrodite was laughing into ares ' ear while my step-father , hephaestus , glared at them thunderously from across the room . 
 athena danced in lotus blossoms while zeus wisely watched everything in front of him with a knowing smile , hera 's hand lying gently on his arm . 
 everyone was laughing . 
 those days were gone forever unless i found them and restored them to their rightful places on mount olympus . 
 with a sigh , i ducked my head underwater and kicked across the pool to the other side . 
 there was nothing like the weight of the world on my shoulders to make me feel less than buoyant . 
 as i kicked off the opposing wall to return , the water began kicking up and growing choppy . 
 i planted my feet and stared at it uncertainly . 
 and then i froze in horror as it turned to blood . 
 the entire pool was full of churning blood and it spattered onto my face , dripping onto my lips . 
 spinning in a circle , i screamed , but no one came . 
 and then the visions started . 
 blood streamed down the marble walls of the bathhouse as i was surrounded by demons . 
 moaning and howling , they clawed at their monstrous faces relentlessly as they wailed . 
 some dragged themselves across the stone floor , their long toenails scratching as they moved . 
 some hobbled toward me with broken , split legs and some watched me with glittering eyes from the edges of the room . 
 all around me , black and gray mist drifted from the floor to the ceiling and suddenly , through it , i saw raquel hunched over on the other side of the room . 
 pushing my way through the thick blood in the pool , i pulled myself over the stone ledge and sprang to my feet . 
 slipping across the wet floor , i raced to get to my daughter . 
 when i was just a few steps from her , she looked up and her jade green eyes - so like mine - were panicked and filled with terror . 
 `` mama , i 'm scared , '' she whispered . 
 `` i do n't like it here . '' 
 i reached out to grab her , but my fingers plunged through empty air . 
 she was gone . 
 i could practically smell her little girl smell in the air and i sank to the floor , my heart racing . 
 i squeezed my eyes closed , trying to shut out the heart-wrenching sight of my daughter 's fear . 
 was it real ? 
 was someone sending me a vision or was i simply imagining it ? 
 if it was real , then it meant that raquel still existed ... somewhere . 
 but she was clearly terrified . 
 `` harmonia ! '' 
 cadmus 's anxious voice echoed through the room and i opened my eyes to find him striding through the doorway with a concerned expression on his handsome face . 
 my gaze flew around the room - everything was gone . 
 the demons , the blood , the howling . 
 the bath was once again filled with sparkling water . 
 it was as if it had never happened . 
 i took a deep , shaky breath and sat up just as cadmus reached me and pulled me into his arms . 
 clutching me to him , he kissed my forehead . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 `` what is it ? 
 i sensed your fear all the way at the palace . '' 
 his dark eyes were filled with concern as he studied me and shakily , i relayed what had just happened . 
 when i was finished , he looked around uncertainly at the sparkling calm waters and soothing fountains . 
 `` how frightening for you , '' he answered softly . 
 `` it happened , '' i insisted . 
 `` i 'm not crazy , cadmus . '' 
 `` of course you 're not , '' he soothed , stroking my back . 
 `` but you have had a lot of strain of late . 
 and that takes its toll on a person . '' 
 i should have felt comforted by him , but suddenly i just felt alone . 
 he did n't believe me . 
 my shoulders slumped and i sagged against him . 
 he lifted my chin with a finger . 
 `` harmonia , i love you more than life . 
 i do . 
 and we 'll get through this . 
 do you believe me ? '' 
 bending his head , he kissed me , gently at first and then when i responded , he grew more passionate and fiery . 
 groaning , he pulled me to him and ran his hands over my naked back , trailing down to my hips . 
 `` i 've missed you , wife , '' he murmured against my lips . 
 `` come back to me . 
 please . '' 
 the desperation in his voice struck a chord deep within me and ignited a spark . 
 i pushed him backward onto the floor and dropped onto his chest , kissing him with all of the pent-up emotion that i had been holding inside . 
 his dark beauty caused my heart to flutter as he grinned a brilliant white smile before he raised his head to kiss a frantic trail on my neck . 
 the water in the pools began churning from our energy and i closed my eyes , allowing him to soothe me in the best way a husband could . 
 twenty minutes later , we lay spent on the cool marble . 
 my cheeks were flushed and i was tired , but for the first time in three days , i felt alive . 
 and more like myself . 
 as i propped myself up on one arm to tell cadmus that very thing , a flash of color caught my eye . 
 glancing at the back wall , i froze . 
 words written in blood dripped down the stone . 
 oracle of the dead . 
 chapter two within minutes , my parents and hecate joined us in the bathhouse and we examined the bloody words on the wall . 
 `` who wrote this ? '' 
 ares demanded of hecate . 
 she stared back at him with raised eyebrows . 
 `` war god , why do you always assume that i am all-knowing simply because i am the goddess of witchcraft ? '' 
 he ignored the question . 
 `` do you know who wrote these words ? 
 `` he demanded again impatiently . 
 she dropped her gaze and sighed . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but we know where to find this oracle , '' aphrodite interrupted grimly . 
 `` we do ? '' 
 i asked in surprise . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` she can be summoned in the necramanteion . 
 it 's a temple ruins on the banks of the acheron river in greece . 
 i know the place . '' 
 `` well , why do we wait ? '' 
 i looked at them . 
 `` let 's move . '' 
 i began walking toward the door when hecate stepped forward and grabbed my arm . 
 `` it is n't that easy , chosen one , '' she muttered . 
 `` or that smart . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` it is n't easy because the oracle must be paid and the price is different for every person who seeks her . 
 and it is n't smart because we have no idea who left us this message . '' 
 `` you think someone attempts to lead us into a trap ? '' 
 i could practically see the bristling hairs on cadmus ' neck as he spoke . 
 his warrior 's senses were on full alert , i could tell . 
 `` that 's the problem , cadmus , '' she answered . 
 `` we do not know . '' 
 `` well , then , let us find out , '' i muttered impatiently . 
 `` we should go now . '' 
 hecate shook her head gently . 
 `` as i said , it is not that easy . 
 there are preparations to be made before we can approach the oracle . '' 
 `` preparations ? '' 
 i was hesitant now . 
 my mother stepped forward , her lovely face a blank mask . 
 because of her expression , i instantly knew that she was trying to hide something from me and that put me on guard . 
 but before i could ask anything , she spoke . 
 `` someone seeks the oracle of the dead in order to speak to those who have crossed over into death . 
 i have no idea why we would need her counsel . '' 
 i looked at the people surrounding me and no one was meeting my gaze . 
 `` you think it 's about raquel , '' i whispered . 
 `` you think she is dead , do n't you ? 
 i saw her just a moment ago . 
 she was alive and she was afraid . '' 
 cadmus pulled me to him stoically . 
 `` harmonia , whatever it is about , we will face it together . 
 we will go , we will listen to the oracle and then we will find our daughter . '' 
 i gazed into his chocolate brown eyes for just a moment , blocking out everyone else in the room . 
 his dark hair curled slightly around the nape of his neck , his chiseled jaw strong and clenched as he appraised me . 
 he and everyone else here thought that i was fragile , that i might break at any moment . 
 that much was apparent . 
 and yesterday , this morning , even an hour ago , that might have been the case . 
 but for whatever unexplainable reason , i was stronger now . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i told him softly as i reached up to kiss him gently on the lips . 
 `` i feel strong . 
 i 'm ready to go . 
 i 'm sorry that i 've been weak the past couple of days . 
 but i can face whatever we need to now . 
 i promise you . '' 
 my mother rushed to me , sweeping me into her slender arms , enclosing me into a vise-like embrace . 
 she looked deceptively fragile and small - but in reality , she was strong enough to lift a stack of cars . 
 she smelled like lavender and sweetpeas . 
 `` you have no idea how happy that makes me , '' she gushed into my neck as she hugged me close . 
 `` i 've been so worried . 
 we did n't know what to do for you - you were n't yourself and -- '' `` aphrodite , let her breathe , '' ares said gruffly as he pulled her away . 
 looking at me , he said , `` it 's good to have you back , daughter . '' 
 i nodded , holding cadmus ' strong arm close . 
 `` what do we need to do to prepare for the oracle ? '' 
 i asked , intent on changing the subject as i blinked back hot tears . 
 `` it 's not easy , '' hecate warned . 
 `` the oracle insists that those who seek her come with a clear mind and an unpolluted heart . 
 because of that , she will not come unless you fast in solitude for two days and nights on the hills outside of her ruins . '' 
 `` alone ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` alone , '' hecate nodded . 
 `` we can all go at once , of course . 
 but we will each need to stay on separate spots on the hillside . 
 it 's a fairly desolate place . 
 we will not be bothered . '' 
 `` well then , '' i swallowed hard . 
 `` let us go . 
 now . 
 there is no reason to wait . '' 
 ares laughed in satisfaction , throwing his dark head back . 
 `` my daughter has truly returned to us . 
 what spirit ! 
 we will need to gather your sister and her warriors , of course . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 ortrera would be agitated if we left her behind . '' 
 `` that 's putting it mildly , '' hecate muttered and i had to smile . 
 my half-sister , ortrera , was a queen of the amazons . 
 she was as hard as nails . 
 she was a six feet tall lithe wall of muscle . 
 her face was beautiful in a very fierce way and she was deeply loyal to her family . 
 she had helped us in more ways than one over the years . 
 and she was as tough as anyone i had ever seen . 
 no one in their right mind should mess with her . 
 ever . 
 `` alright , '' my mother said briskly . 
 `` ares , summon the amazons . 
 harmonia , you and cadmus can accompany me back to the palace . 
 hecate ... you can do whatever it is that witches do . '' 
 hecate glowered at her . 
 `` i 'll accompany you also , thanks . '' 
 `` suit yourself , '' my mother sniffed , turning to glide toward the door . 
 i offered a small smile to hecate behind my mother 's back . 
 hecate had proven to be a good friend throughout the last few months . 
 aphrodite did truly like the witch , but due to my mother 's dramatic nature , she was sometimes a bit jealous . 
 as we emerged onto the pristine walkway that led to the palace , the sun shone on my shoulders and this time , i did allow it to brighten my mood . 
 just having a plan and a place to begin made me feel better - like we would manage to once again be successful . 
 only this time , it had to be a complete success . 
 failure in any way simply was n't an option . 
 as cadmus and i entered our bedchambers , i turned to him . 
 `` how does one prepare for a solitary fast on an abandoned hillside ? '' 
 he pulled me into his arms , gently supporting my weight as he lowered us onto the softness of our bed . 
 `` by feasting on everything that we will miss , of course . '' 
 he laughed and i could n't help but laugh with him . 
 i laid my head against his chest and felt it rumble with his laughter and i closed my eyes . 
 this man was everything - my entire world . 
 no matter what would come , we would face it together as we always had . 
 we would be okay . 
 i nestled into his hard body and inhaled his familiar , woodsy scent . 
 i woke up screaming . 
 i had n't planned on falling asleep , but my emotional state had left me drained . 
 but the pain ... the pain is what awakened me . 
 the bird shaped birthmark on my wrist was on fire . 
 literally . 
 i sat straight up on the bed , clutching my arm to my chest as i tried to block out the overwhelming pain . 
 it hurt so much that the light in the room blended together and i could n't see straight . 
 cadmus frantically turned my arm over to examine it and we both gasped . 
 my birth mark had grown to encompass the entire width of my wrist and had stretched to become three inches long . 
 its outline was literally burning and the air crackled with the sound of sizzling flesh . 
 the mark had also changed . 
 it was now a clear outline of the phoenix . 
 it looked more like a flaming tattoo than a birthmark . 
 after a moment , the burning embers died , leaving a blackened phoenix imprint . 
 my gaze met that of my husband and we stared at each other for a moment . 
 `` what does this mean ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` i do not know , '' he admitted . 
 `` perhaps hecate will know something . '' 
 i nodded , but a feeling of dread curled around my stomach with icy fingers . 
 this could n't mean anything good . 
 `` cadmus ... '' my voice trailed off uncertainly . 
 i cleared it impatiently . 
 `` i have never actually seen the prophecy , have you ? '' 
 he shook his head grimly , his chocolate eyes frozen on my face . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i think it 's time that i read it for myself , do n't you ? '' 
 he grasped my hand , rubbing a circle on my thumb . 
 `` alright . 
 but harmonia , i am concerned . 
 i do not wish for you to become upset by anything that we see . 
 a prophecy does not mean that something will certainly come to pass . 
 we still have free will . 
 and that means ... that means that we can change anything that we put our minds to . '' 
 i smiled gently at him , reaching out to stroke his handsome face . 
 he leaned into my hand , taking a deep breath . 
 `` i know , '' i replied softly . 
 `` but i have to see it . 
 i 've heard bits and pieces but have never actually read it . 
 i have only seen the page from the book in hecate 's cave . 
 i do n't even know whose prophecy it is . 
 i feel like i will be stronger and can understand it more if i just read it myself . '' 
 he sighed long and loud , but extended his hand . 
 `` then let us go , '' he suggested . 
 `` we do not have much time . 
 let us find it . '' 
 i took his hand and allowed him to pull me from the bed . 
 he kept a tight grip on my hand as we made our way to the main floor of the palace . 
 the marble floors sparkled in the light pouring in from the windows and i found my mother sitting in a cushioned seat by the back terrace . 
 `` harmonia , you 're awake ! '' 
 she exclaimed , rising to meet us . 
 `` i 'm glad you were able to rest . 
 we 're making preparations for the trip . 
 your father is with your sister and hecate is in her cave . 
 we are meeting back here at dusk . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i will be , mother . 
 but first there are just two things i need to do . '' 
 `` there are ? '' 
 she was puzzled . 
 `` yes , '' i confirmed . 
 `` i need to see my mortal mother-to know that she is alright before we depart and i need to read the prophecy for myself . 
 i wish to see what it says ... in its entirety . '' 
 her face instantly turned into an unreadable mask and i tensed . 
 `` mother , '' i began uncertainly . 
 `` i feel as though you are hiding something from me . 
 and i wish to know what it is . '' 
 sunlight bathed my mother in backlit loveliness as i waited for a response . 
 i did n't receive one . 
 `` mother , '' i repeated . 
 `` i need to know . 
 where can i find it ? '' 
 `` harmonia , '' she sighed . 
 `` there is no reason for you to read it . 
 we 've told you what you need to know and time is of the essence now . 
 i do n't think it 's - '' i cut her off . 
 `` mother , where is it ? '' 
 her silver gaze met mine for an extended moment and hers finally wavered . 
 `` very well , '' she replied . 
 `` it is in the libraries . 
 but i really wish you would n't . '' 
 `` your concern has been noted , '' i answered glibly . 
 `` but i need to do this . '' 
 her shoulders slumped and she looked to cadmus . 
 `` cadmus ... '' `` she feels strongly about this , aphrodite , '' he replied firmly . 
 `` it is not for us to keep it from her . '' 
 `` fine , '' she muttered . 
 `` but i see no reason to upset yourself at this juncture . '' 
 she turned her back on us and stared once again out the windows . 
 the fact that she felt this strongly made me uneasy and i looked up at cadmus . 
 `` are you ready ? 
 `` i murmured . 
 he nodded and grasped my elbow , leading me from the great room and down the hall to zeus ' massive libraries . 
 we waited outside of the agate doors , hesitating just a moment while i gathered my thoughts . 
 i nodded and cadmus pushed the doors open . 
 late afternoon sunlight streamed in through the glass ceiling . 
 it was as quiet as a tomb , the air still and silent . 
 the room was a large as a gymnasium and it was filled with shelves from floor to ceiling . 
 leather bound books and pyramid-shaped stacks of rolled parchments filled the shelves . 
 any little noise that we made echoed loudly throughout the open corridors . 
 an enormous falcon , a personal pet of zeus himself , sat on a perch directly inside the door . 
 he had gold bands wrapped around his thick scaly legs . 
 he swiveled his head to stare at me with onyx eyes . 
 as his gaze met mine , he dropped his head in deference . 
 `` i 've been waiting for you , '' he croaked hoarsely . 
 `` show me your mark . '' 
 i silently approached him and turned my wrist over . 
 the phoenix imprint was still tender , a bright , angry crimson rimmed in charred black . 
 `` ah , so it begins , '' the bird mused . 
 `` you may enter . '' 
 i glanced at cadmus uncertainly , but stepped forward into the massive library . 
 there were too many books . 
 i had no idea where to start . 
 `` where should we begin ? '' 
 i asked cadmus . 
 `` follow your heart , '' the bird interjected knowingly . 
 `` you are tied to everything , harmonia . 
 you must simply listen . '' 
 cadmus raised his eyebrow at the bird questioningly , but i closed my eyes . 
 my heart thudded in my chest rhythmically , like a drum . 
 i focused on it and allowed myself to feel every reverberation throughout my body . 
 i could feel the pulse in my feet , the blood rushing through my veins , my bloodstone lying coolly on my chest . 
 my heart beat against it . 
 and then i felt a pull . 
 willingly , i opened up my mind and allowed the pull to move me . 
 i walked forward and cadmus stayed at my side . 
 i wound my way through the rows of books and stood in front of a shelf in the back corner where the light almost did n't reach . 
 i knew i was in the right spot . 
 i knew it with unexplainable certainty . 
 suddenly , a rolled parchment fell from the top shelf and landed at my feet . 
 before i could even move , cadmus bent and picked it up , untying the velvet string and unrolling the parchment . 
 i watched his jaw tighten as he read the words inscribed on the page . 
 his beautiful dark eyes hardened and i felt the stirrings of dread . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i whispered hesitantly . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 this is just a silly premonition by someone we do n't even know ... '' the falcon fluttered from the top of a nearby bookcase and landed in front of us . 
 `` the oracle of the dead brought us this prophecy , '' he told us . 
 `` she has never been wrong , not even once . '' 
 `` the oracle prophesied this ? '' 
 i asked tremulously . 
 the bird nodded once , his black eyes shining in the light . 
 i gulped and held my hand out to cadmus . 
 he did n't move . 
 `` cadmus , '' i prompted . 
 he sighed and handed it to me . 
 the prophecy of the chosen one she who will save olympus and all that we know . 
 treacherous snakes will tremble beneath her fingers and the crown shall be restored . 
 despite great sadness and loss , she will prevail , as she alone holds the noblest and purest of hearts . 
 the chosen one will save everyone but perhaps herself . 
 at what cost will order be restored ? 
 will she perish in the flames of the phoenix , never to rise to the land of the living once more ? 
 time will tell . 
 my breath caught in my throat as i read and cadmus wrapped his arms around me , pressing his forehead to mine . 
 `` it means nothing , '' he insisted . 
 `` we choose our destiny , remember , harmonia ? 
 the fates are imprisoned in the underworld . 
 we choose our own fates now . 
 i will never allow anything to happen to you . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i nodded to placate him , but my heart was racing . 
 `` time will tell , '' i murmured . 
 `` no , '' cadmus said harshly . 
 `` i can tell you right now . 
 this is not right . 
 we will be victorious , but you will be fine . 
 you have faced death already in camelot . 
 remember ? 
 perhaps that is what this is referring to . 
 you came back from that . 
 you are fine . '' 
 i had a feeling that camelot was not what this prophecy referred to , but i did n't say it . 
 instead , i folded into cadmus ' side and allowed him to hold me for just a moment . 
 i closed my eyes and inhaled his strength , his scent , even his heart beat . 
 i picked up his hand and held it to my heart . 
 `` my love ? 
 `` the anxiety in his voice pulled at my heart strings and i opened my eyes . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i assured him . 
 `` i only need to see my mortal mother - and then i will be ready . '' 
 `` harmonia , we should talk about this prophecy further . 
 i do n't think - '' i cut him off . 
 `` cadmus , i 'm fine . 
 there is no use in talking about it . 
 whatever happens will happen . 
 it is what it is . 
 i will not worry about it now - there are too many other things to be concerned with . '' 
 i nodded curtly at the falcon and strode across the room for the door . 
 as i entered the hall , i was met by hecate . 
 `` you saw ? '' 
 she raised her eyebrow . 
 `` yes , '' i confirmed . 
 `` you 're fine ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . 
 i know you would like to see your mother before we depart . 
 come with me . '' 
 without questioning her or how she knew that that was exactly what i had been intent on , cadmus and i followed her to the courtyard to a small pond in the center . 
 koi swam leisurely in circles in the clear , cool water . 
 hecate waved her hand and they froze . 
 the water rippled only once and then calypso 's island appeared on the surface . 
 my mortal mother , allison lockhart , was walking on a pristine beach with calypso . 
 she was healthy and well , her dark hair blowing in the sea breeze as she laughed at something that calypso said . 
 the island was clearly being kind to her . 
 her skin was sun-kissed , her cheeks pleasantly flushed . 
 i knew that she did n't even remember who she was at this point . 
 calypso 's island was enchanted and it stole the consciousness of anyone who entered . 
 it was as if a strange fog descended onto one 's mind there . 
 my stomach tightened as i watched and i suddenly desperately missed my mother . 
 i still had to decide what to do with that situation . 
 my mother had no idea who i truly was . 
 when i returned from this quest , i would have to deal with that . 
 if i stayed here in olympus , i would miss her so much . 
 but the thought of returning to the mortal world simply did n't seem feasible anymore . 
 i no longer felt like macy lockhart in the slightest bit . 
 i had reclaimed my true goddess identity and i did n't see any way that i could realistically go back . 
 `` we 'll think on that later , love , '' cadmus murmured as he read my mind . 
 i nodded . 
 he was right . 
 there was no reason to focus on it now . 
 i turned to hecate . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she waved her hand at the small pool and it returned to normal . 
 the koi circled it once again , swimming lazy circles . 
 `` we should go , '' she prodded me . 
 `` we 've delayed long enough . 
 there is much to be done . '' 
 i nodded and took cadmus ' arm as we returned to the palace . 
 hecate 's filmy white cloak fluttered in the breeze as we walked and i stared at it absently , trying to mentally prepare myself for what was to come . 
 whatever it was , it was not going to be pleasant . 
 ares , ortrera and her warriors and my mother were all congregated in the great room of the palace when we arrived . 
 ares was holding zeus ' sword , turning it over and over as he spoke with ortrera . 
 when we walked in , he plunged it into a sheath at his side before crossing to me . 
 `` you 're fine ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 it was more of a dictate than a question . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` you take after me , '' he noted , his handsome face clearly reflecting his pride . 
 my mother scowled . 
 `` perhaps in her bull-headedness , '' aphrodite acknowledged . 
 i grabbed her hand . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 `` not really , '' she admitted , her beautiful face troubled . 
 `` but it is time . '' 
 hecate stepped forward . 
 `` yes , it is time . 
 what we do now will not be easy , that we know , '' she began . 
 the amazons murmured their agreement . 
 `` but it is necessary and we will do it . 
 we are strong and we will prevail . 
 harmonia , you have seen the prophecy . 
 let us prove the undesirable parts wrong . 
 you will be fine and we will make sure that you return safely here ... no matter where this journey takes us . 
 let us finish this . '' 
 we all joined hands and stood in a circle as hecate began to chant . 
 i felt the familiar weakening of my limbs as we faded out of the spiritlands and reappeared on a barren hillside in the mortal world . 
 it was approaching nightfall and there was no civilization as far as i could see . 
 cadmus clenched my hand tighter . 
 the grass beneath our feet was thick and lush with scattered stones and boulders throughout the hills . 
 there were no trees , just rolling hills and waving grass all along the banks of a wide river . 
 the acheron river . 
 it was said that it continued from the mortal world into the depths of the underworld . 
 it was known as the river of pain . 
 i gulped and took a deep breath , glancing up the hill . 
 the temple ruins stood at the top on the edge of the banks . 
 they were made from crumbling stone and seemed as much a part of the landscape as the natural rocks and grass . 
 `` we can not approach yet , '' hecate pointed out as she followed my gaze . 
 `` first , we must spend two days fasting here , clearing our minds and purifying our hearts . '' 
 she held out her hands . 
 in each one , she held dried herbs . 
 `` to help clear your mind , '' she answered my unspoken question . 
 we all took a dried leaf and dutifully chewed it up . 
 i felt no different . 
 `` we must separate , '' hecate instructed . 
 `` we should each find a different location on this hill and spend the next two days reflecting on ourselves and our plight . 
 and then , hopefully , we will be in the right frame of mind to summon the oracle . '' 
 we all nodded and separated into different directions . 
 cadmus grabbed my elbow and drew me in to him . 
 `` you will be fine , '' he assured me . 
 i stared into his eyes . 
 `` i know , '' i answered . 
 `` i am not concerned - you are . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` that 's true , '' he admitted . 
 `` i am concerned about you . 
 that is my job as your husband . '' 
 `` hmm , '' i pondered with a smile . 
 `` i seem to recall that i saved your hide in the not so distant past . 
 perhaps i will be saving it again - i am the chosen one , after all . '' 
 he threw his head back and laughed . 
 `` you are a cheeky one , '' he chuckled . 
 `` it 's one of the reasons that i love you . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' i told him seriously . 
 `` we all will . 
 let 's just get this over with . '' 
 he pulled me closer and kissed me soundly . 
 i melted into his strong body for a scant moment before pulling back . 
 `` i 'll see you soon , '' i promised . 
 `` not soon enough , '' he mumbled as he disappeared into the dark . 
 i watched the outline of his tall shape for as long as i could until he was completely gone before i turned and studied my surroundings . 
 there was simply nothing here . 
 the rushing sound of the river drew me to it and i decided to choose a spot close to the water . 
 there was a little horse-shoe shaped inlet filled with sand and rock and i dropped onto it from the banks , allowing my bare feet to sink into the cool sand . 
 it was still and peaceful here and i lifted my face to the night breeze . 
 it smelled of damp earth and river water . 
 i tossed my pack onto a nearby rock before i conjured a small bonfire . 
 curling up next to it , leaning against a boulder , i allowed myself to become mesmerized by the flames . 
 ever since i had learned that i controlled the phoenix , fire had become such a fascination . 
 it was almost like i was drawn to it . 
 unbidden , the words of the prophecy returned to me . 
 will she perish in the flames of the phoenix , never to rise to the land of the living once more ? 
 what in the world did that mean ? 
 i shook my head , trying to shake the troublesome thoughts . 
 i was supposed to be clearing my mind , not muddling them up with worries . 
 so once again , i stared into the flames . 
 i startled awake . 
 i had fallen asleep without even knowing it . 
 somewhere in the distance , i heard an owl hooting into the night . 
 and then there was no other sound but for the rush of the river . 
 my campfire had gone out , so i conjured it again . 
 soon , orange flame lit the night and warmed my skin . 
 i was also surprised to find my vision just a little blurred . 
 since assuming my true goddess identity once again , i had become accustomed to the startling clarity that came with that . 
 normally , my vision was perfect , my mind was sharp and my body was agile and strong . 
 but right now , it almost felt as though i had had too much to drink . 
 i staggered to my feet and leaned against the river bank . 
 the prickly grass poked me in the back , but it did n't matter . 
 i scarcely felt it . 
 the rumble of the river had turned into a vague hum in the back of my consciousness as the inky blackness of night enveloped me . 
 help me . 
 the whisper hissed from the shadows and i spun , clumsily losing my balance and tripping in the wet sand . 
 i righted myself and shoved the hair out of my face with shaking fingers . 
 help me . 
 i felt warm breath graze my ear and i spun again . 
 the young woman from my dream stood in the moonlight directly to my right . 
 she was beautiful in a fragile , ethereal way . 
 her skin was pale , her hair dark , her eyes a clear gray . 
 but her face ... her face is what grasped my attention and held it . 
 it was delicate and lovely , but the expression was so tortured that it wrenched at my heart . 
 what was causing her so much pain ? 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 she stepped toward me with one slender hand outstretched . 
 `` save me , '' she murmured . 
 `` please . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i cried again . 
 she shook her head sadly and stepped from the bank into the river . 
 wading away from me , she looked over her shoulder one time before she faded into the night . 
 i was shaken and i slipped to the ground in a crouch as i tried to catch my breath . 
 who the heck was she ? 
 why was she asking for my help ? 
 `` mama ? '' 
 a small , thin voice rose from the darkness , interrupting my frantic thoughts and causing the breath to catch in my throat . 
 `` raquel , '' i answered in a whisper . 
 `` mama , i do n't like it here . '' 
 my eyes flew to the horizon and i found her small body hunched over . 
 she was scratching at the wet sand with a stick , her hair a dark curtain hiding her face . 
 i scrambled to my feet and rushed toward her , but when i was three steps away , she lifted her sweet little face to me . 
 `` do n't come here , mama . 
 you wo n't like it , either . '' 
 and she was gone . 
 i stepped closer to where she had been and stopped short as i saw the word that she had etched out in the sand . 
 hell . 
 but before i could process that , blood seemed to pour from the sky , raining onto me and coloring the river red . 
 it soaked my clothes and washed away my daughter 's writing . 
 i shook my head in horror and whirled around , trying to see in every direction at once . 
 `` it 's not real , '' i whispered . 
 `` it 's not . '' 
 as if in contradiction , a trickle of blood ran across my foot , streaming down the wet sand until it dumped into the river . 
 `` it 's not real , '' i insisted . 
 i knew i was talking to myself , that regardless of my visions , no one else was here with me . 
 yet still , the hair on the back of my neck remained raised and the goose bumps still clung to my arms . 
 i blinked my eyes hard and when i re-opened them , the blood was gone . 
 why had all of my visions of late involved so much blood ? 
 i could only imagine that it had some significance , but what ? 
 as i pondered that , a long , thick green speckled snake slithered out of the river and coiled itself in front of me . 
 i quickly stepped back , but before i could scream , two more had joined it , and then three more and then five . 
 snakes were coming from everywhere ... crawling from the river and dropping from the trees . 
 i could hear the smooth rustle of their bellies against the wet ground as they congregated around me . 
 every reptilian head was pointed toward me , each slitted eye fixated on me . 
 the snake in front raised its head and hissed . 
 `` liessss . '' 
 the rest of them raised their heads in unison , swaying in the breeze as they all hissed . 
 `` liesssss . '' 
 it seemed to echo in the night , their hissing lisps resounding in my head as i backed away from them and tried to scramble to safety . 
 in my haste , i tripped on a fallen branch and sprawled halfway into the murky water before dragging myself back out and looking over my shoulder . 
 the snakes were gone . 
 breathing raggedly , i propped myself against the bank of the acheron and crossed my legs in front of me . 
 i happened to notice that my foot was blood-spattered ... evidence that my visions had truly happened . 
 i was n't crazy . 
 i was n't sure if that was a relief or not . 
 i might actually prefer to be crazy . 
 i leaned my head back against the spindly river grass and closed my eyes . 
 when i opened them again , it was daylight and i was n't alone . 
 a large owl , probably the one i had heard in the night , was standing a few feet away from me , watching me as i slept with sharp amber eyes . 
 i shook the sleep from my eyes and studied it . 
 from all appearances , it seemed to be a normal owl . 
 but i knew from the rapt attention it was paying me that it was anything but normal . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i asked impatiently . 
 i had had it with avian messengers . 
 it blinked its round eyes at me , but remained silent . 
 `` well ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 it suddenly shrieked and unfurled its wings , startling me . 
 and then i was falling . 
 and falling . 
 and falling . 
 i hit the ground in a sprawl and looked around in confusion . 
 blackness was everywhere . 
 people were crying and moaning and crawling along the ransacked ground . 
 it was a scene that could have been taken from a horrifying apocalyptic movie . 
 and then there was the blood . 
 a river of blood ran in the middle of the cracked , dry ground . 
 the rusty smell filled my nostrils and i cringed as i climbed to my feet . 
 a hollow-eyed , hunched over man stood in front of me as he grinned wickedly with yellowed teeth . 
 `` you are betrayed , '' he crooned eerily . 
 `` you will be betrayed ... you have been betrayed ... you are betrayed . '' 
 he was singing in an evil voice as he crept away from me and i could hear him even as he disappeared from my sight . 
 `` betrayed . '' 
 icy hands from the bodies crawling along the ground gripped at my ankles and i swatted them away . 
 and then i was standing back by the acheron in the same spot where i had been . 
 i was upright , on my feet , in broad daylight . 
 i looked around in disorientation . 
 i had never left . 
 i had been here all along - but now the owl was gone . 
 what the hell was happening to me ? 
 dizziness consumed me and i closed my eyes . 
 it was just too much . 
 even with my eyes closed , the world was spinning and i lost my hold on reality . 
 i fell onto the wet sand and my last conscious thought was of a hissing whisper . 
 `` betrayed . '' 
 chapter three `` harmonia . '' 
 i could hear someone through a dark pool , calling my name . 
 i moved away , curling up on the ground . 
 i did n't want any part of even one more crazy vision . 
 `` harmonia , '' the voice was clear and melodic . 
 and vaguely familiar . 
 i reluctantly opened my eyes to find a white blur in front of me amidst a sea of blurred objects . 
 i blinked hard and tried again . 
 still blurry . 
 i stubbornly held my eyes open and a woman slowly came into focus . 
 hecate . 
 i could 've cried from relief . 
 the rest of the group quickly came into focus behind her . 
 cadmus looked only slightly worse for the wear as he swept in and pulled me into his arms . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he asked anxiously , quickly giving me the once over . 
 i nodded , although when i did , the world started spinning again and i closed my eyes . 
 `` the dizziness will pass , '' hecate said knowingly . 
 `` but now our minds and hearts are unpolluted . 
 we are free to seek the oracle . 
 attempt to keep a clear mind - do not think on anything that troubles you . '' 
 that was more difficult than it sounded . 
 i instantly wanted to ponder my disturbing visions , so i had to fight to keep them at bay . 
 but i could think on them later . 
 for now , i grasped cadmus ' arm tightly . 
 `` are you well ? '' 
 i asked quietly , reaching up to smooth his dark hair into place . 
 `` i am much better now , my love , '' he smiled . 
 `` have we truly been here for two entire days ? 
 i think i 've slept most of the time . '' 
 i looked around in bewilderment . 
 aphrodite looked as disheveled as i felt . 
 she nodded in agreement . 
 `` i feel the same , '' she admitted , smoothing out the pleats in her short , belted skirt . 
 `` this has not been a pleasant experience , hecate . '' 
 `` i never said that it would be , '' hecate replied grimly . 
 `` and i fear it will not get any better . 
 come now , let us go . '' 
 i took a few faltering steps , but my legs felt like rubber and i paused . 
 `` hecate , what did you give us ? 
 i feel as weak as a newborn baby . '' 
 she appraised me for a moment thoughtfully before answering . 
 `` the herbs would not have left you so bereft , chosen one . 
 i believe it has been the strength of your visions that has drained you . 
 you will regain your strength soon - you are strong . '' 
 i nodded , but still did n't feel confident enough to take another step . 
 cadmus bent and slipped his arms under my knees , lifting me to his chest just like an infant . 
 `` rest , my love , '' he instructed as he climbed the steep hillside with me in his arms . 
 `` this is n't necessary , '' i protested . 
 but even as i spoke , i rested my head against his hard chest . 
 i knew hecate was right . 
 worse things were to come . 
 i might as well rest in the comfort of my husband 's arms while i could . 
 we quickly reached the top of the hill and we stood in a quiet group outside of the ruins . 
 it was completely silent and still and i felt the hair lift on the back of my neck . 
 cadmus gently set me down and i stood uncertainly next to him . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we summon her , '' hecate answered simply . 
 walking purposefully in front of us , she bypassed the ruins and stood behind it , directly in front of a large urn-like vessel . 
 it was ancient , that much was apparent . 
 i had the feeling it had survived thousands of years in this spot . 
 `` we must offer her something of relevance , '' hecate said without turning around . 
 `` harmonia , come here . '' 
 cadmus released my arm and i stepped forward hesitantly . 
 the tone of hecate 's voice unnerved me . 
 it was cold and perfunctory . 
 `` harmonia , you must know that your blood is significant . 
 have your visions attested to that ? '' 
 hecate asked , her blue eyes glittering . 
 `` there has been quite a lot of blood in my visions , yes , '' i confirmed . 
 `` but not necessarily mine . 
 just ... blood . '' 
 hecate smiled a haunting smile , her face so wise and knowing . 
 i was reminded once again that she was very , very old , older even than zeus himself . 
 it was easy to sometimes forget that because she seemed so young and beautiful . 
 but when she spoke , those around her should certainly listen . 
 her magic was powerful , her wisdom revered . 
 she watched me now , her vibrant blue eyes glittering . 
 `` ah , young one . 
 blood is relevant no matter what the situation is . 
 it is who we are . 
 there is much to be learned from someone 's blood . 
 their heart , their identity , their purpose . 
 particularly in matters pertaining to the gods because there is always such deceit . 
 blood can reveal the truth . 
 but in your case , it will always be a key . '' 
 she turned to look at me , her face calm and impassive . 
 `` come forward , harmonia . '' 
 she extended her hand and i took it , stepping forward until i stood directly in front of the peeling , clay urn . 
 hecate flipped up the hem of her skirt and pulled a dagger from the belt around her thigh . 
 i stiffened as she turned my arm over . 
 quickly , she sliced a short cut in the heart of my phoenix mark and held it over the mouth of a silver cup . 
 my blood dripped into the cup and i tried not to flinch as i stood still and watched it . 
 after what seemed like forever , she dropped my arm . 
 moving forward , she set the silver goblet into the urn and stepped back . 
 `` close your eyes , '' she instructed us without turning around . 
 trustingly , we all did as she asked , listening to her guttural , incoherent chants . 
 minutes passed and i ached to open my eyes , but i withstood the temptation . 
 after another minute more , however , a cold chill descended upon me and goose bumps formed on my arms . 
 something had shifted . 
 the air was cold and heavy , and a palpable foreboding hung all around me in the air . 
 `` i am here , '' a chilling voice announced quietly . 
 `` why have you summoned me ? '' 
 i opened my eyes and almost gasped . 
 the oracle was a frightening sight . 
 she was as pale as a ghost , perched on a gnarled , tall stool that had n't been there just a scant moment ago . 
 she seemed to almost float . 
 she was naked , but for a dark , crimson hooded cloak . 
 her face was barely visible from beneath the hood . 
 the cloak was wrapped loosely around her , so loosely that her naked body , riddled with blue scrawling veins , was apparent . 
 as she hunched over , she held the goblet of my blood in her hands and it was clear that she had drunk from it . 
 my blood streaked down her chin . 
 she slowly lifted the cup again and took another long sip . 
 as she did , she moaned a long shaking sigh . 
 `` i saw visions of you long ago , '' she whispered . 
 `` so long ago . 
 and now you are here before me . 
 you are ready to fulfill the prophecy , are you not ? '' 
 her whispers were quiet , but they held so much weight . 
 they cut the air like a scalpel and we hung on every word . 
 i nodded . 
 she slowly turned her face to meet my gaze and once again , i wanted to gasp but did not . 
 her eyes were made from blood . 
 they were not bleeding as the keres did , hers were different . 
 they had no pupil or iris or white . 
 they were blood . 
 my stomach turned queasy and i gripped my hands together tightly . 
 `` will you do what you must ? '' 
 she queried . 
 `` no matter the personal cost , will you pay it ? '' 
 i paused . 
 what would be asked of me ? 
 what did i have to give ? 
 but in that moment , a vision of my daughter 's young , innocent face formed in my mind and i knew that i would give anything . 
 it did not matter what was asked of me , if i had it to give , i would . 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes , '' i whispered . 
 `` no matter the cost ? '' 
 she persisted . 
 `` no matter the cost , '' i confirmed softly . 
 my knees felt weak , but i did not flinch or move . 
 i prayed that she did not sense my fear . 
 `` you will face challenges that seem insurmountable , '' she stated calmly . 
 `` you must focus on your purpose and on your strength and you will persevere . 
 there will be times when you question even each other . 
 focus on the love that you have and you will overcome . '' 
 i chanced a sidelong glance at everyone else . 
 they were watching the oracle in rapt fascination . 
 `` harmonia . '' 
 she drew my attention back to her in a raspy whisper . 
 `` you may have one question answered , but only one . 
 choose wisely . '' 
 my mind instantly whirled . 
 what should i ask ? 
 did i want to know if i lived or died ? 
 what obstacles would we face ? 
 no . 
 i knew without question what i wanted to ask and i did n't hesitate . 
 `` where is my daughter ? '' 
 she cocked her head and studied me . 
 `` she is where you must go , '' she answered cryptically . 
 `` when you reach her , you will find all that you seek . '' 
 `` but where is that ? '' 
 i asked tremulously . 
 `` you will find her in the underworld . '' 
 the oracle nodded slowly . 
 and i thought back to the word raquel had scratched into the sand . 
 hell . 
 i gulped hard . 
 `` and everyone else ? 
 they are in the underworld also ? '' 
 `` i am only able to answer one question , '' the oracle replied , her voice an eerie creak . 
 `` only one . 
 have faith , chosen one , and you will prevail . '' 
 she began fading until only her eyes were visible , and then they disappeared as well . 
 `` i will prevail , '' i repeated . 
 `` but will i survive it ? '' 
 i turned and faced my parents , my husband , my sister and her warriors . 
 they did n't have an answer for me , but my husband 's jaw was clenched . 
 `` of course you will survive it , '' he insisted . 
 `` i will make sure of it . '' 
 i smiled gently at him . 
 `` we should go . 
 our daughter is waiting . '' 
 i turned to hecate . 
 `` how do we get there ? '' 
 she motioned to the old ruins . 
 `` this temple is an entrance to the underworld . 
 follow me . '' 
 `` how convenient , '' i muttered . 
 but i stood aside and allowed her to walk past me into the ruins . 
 cadmus clasped his hand around mine and we followed her silently , while my parents followed us and ortrera and her warriors followed them . 
 we were a silent procession as we made our way to the tunnel . 
 it was n't long before we stood in front of it . 
 the mouth of the old tunnel yawned black and wide and there was a chilling air of foreboding surrounding it . 
 even if i had n't known what it was , i would have sensed the importance that it contained . 
 i looked to hecate . 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` well , what ? '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` enter . '' 
 i eyed the hall . 
 the blackness was consuming and the chill emanating from it sent goose-bumps rippling over my body . 
 `` it 's that simple ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 the corners of her mouth twitched . 
 `` entering is the easy part , '' she answered . 
 `` enter with a pure heart and a clear purpose and the tunnel will give way . '' 
 i squeezed cadmus ' hand for strength and took a faltering step and then another . 
 i could smell the damp and the mold as we descended into the passageway . 
 and then , just as hecate said , the hall extended . 
 and then extended more with every step that we took . 
 i could n't see anything as i felt my way along . 
 it was utterly dark . 
 i heard the rest of the group following closely behind me and i took comfort in that . 
 we certainly were not alone . 
 before i had gone twenty more paces , i recognized the trickling sound of water . 
 it grew into a roar . 
 and then we spilled out from the narrow passage into a large torch-lit cavern filled with a river . 
 the river styx . 
 i knew it even without asking hecate . 
 the river styx was the boundary between the mortal world and the underworld . 
 from here on out , nothing would be the same . 
 there would be a new set of rules . 
 i looked to hecate . 
 she traveled between these worlds frequently . 
 she knew the rules better than anyone . 
 `` we wait , '' she answered my unspoken question . 
 `` the ferryman will be along soon . '' 
 i could n't contain my nerves as i glanced around at my companions . 
 we were preparing to go where the living did n't usually tread . 
 my father stood stoically with my mother , his arm draped casually over her shoulders . 
 i should n't have been surprised . 
 very few things in life unnerved him . 
 my mother actually seemed calm , which was unusual . 
 most things in life unnerved her . 
 as i would have expected , ortrera and her warriors stood impassively at attention . 
 they prided themselves on never showing emotion . 
 i gazed up at my husband and found him watching me , his dark eyes pensive . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he murmured , lightly rubbing my shoulders . 
 i nodded wordlessly . 
 i had to be , did n't i ? 
 there was no choice for me . 
 this was the way it must be . 
 the sound of oars pushing through water distracted me and i craned my neck . 
 the ferryman glided to a stop in front of us . 
 his boat was ancient . 
 the wood creaked with the movement of the water and moss grew along its bottom . 
 the boatman himself stood facing us , a questioning look on his sharp , angular face . 
 given how long he had been at this job , i expected him to be very old . 
 but he was not . 
 he was solidly middle-aged , although his face was weathered . 
 `` what is the meaning of this ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` hecate ! 
 this is highly unorthodox . '' 
 hecate stepped forward to face him . 
 `` charon , '' she began soothingly . 
 `` i realize it is unusual , but we have very important business here , old friend . 
 it is of utmost importance that you take us to the gates . 
 the entire world could very well hinge upon it . '' 
 he spat into the muddy water , his hawk-like face curled into a scowl . 
 `` what care have i regarding the world ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` this is my world - and it has been for thousands of years . 
 i care not what happens to mortals before they come to me . '' 
 `` it is not only mortals of which i speak , '' hecate pointed out softly . 
 `` it is everyone , gods and mortals alike . 
 charon , please . 
 i would not normally ask such a thing . 
 but this is crucial . '' 
 he cocked his head and examined her . 
 `` i 'll admit , it is not like you to beg , '' he finally acknowledged . 
 `` you are much too proud . 
 fine . 
 pay the fare and i will take you . '' 
 she smiled a beatific smile . 
 `` thank you , charon . '' 
 she dug into her cloak and pulled out a handful of drachmas . 
 `` i am indebted to you . '' 
 she turned and offered me her hand . 
 `` come , harmonia . '' 
 i stepped forward and she helped me into the rocking boat , followed quickly by everyone else . 
 charon barely waited for the last amazon warrior to step into the boat before he pushed away from shore and quickly sailed down the river towards the underworld . 
 i clenched the side of the boat tightly as we moved and glancing down , i saw that we were n't actually sitting in the water at all . 
 the ferry was hovering just above the river . 
 we moved from the confines of the dark passage into a vast expanse of space where the blackness of night enveloped us and the river flowed downward through midair . 
 i peered over the side of the boat and saw that there was nothing below us as far as i could see . 
 if i fell from the ferry , it looked as though i would fall forever . 
 i clenched the side tighter . 
 cadmus leaned forward . 
 `` it will be fine , wife . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 `` and how do you know ? '' 
 `` i just do , '' he shrugged . 
 `` i will make it so . '' 
 i had to laugh . 
 `` i hope you 're right . '' 
 `` i usually am , '' he continued cockily , pulling me back to rest against his chest . 
 `` i agree with your husband , '' ares boomed from the stern of the boat . 
 `` everything will be fine . 
 we will make it so . '' 
 charon glanced at us dismissively before shaking his head . 
 he clearly was n't interested or concerned with anything that we were saying . 
 instead , he focused on rowing the boat through the air toward a massive wall in the near distance . 
 above it , light glowed in the sky - a clear sign of civilization . 
 but the wall was tall and thick and it was topped with razor sharp points . 
 as we drew up to it , i saw that we would have to climb over jagged rocks piled at its base to reach flat land . 
 it certainly looked imposing . 
 hecate did n't hesitate . 
 `` come now , '' she urged as we climbed from the boat . 
 `` it is n't as hard as it looks . '' 
 and it was n't . 
 i scrambled over the sharp rocks easily enough and once i stood on land , i turned to see that everyone else was fine , as well . 
 charon watched us disembark . 
 `` i would say that i 'll see you soon , but i know that i wo n't . '' 
 he shoved away from shore and rowed in the opposite direction without looking back . 
 `` well , he 's pleasant , '' aphrodite remarked . 
 hecate smiled . 
 `` he has an unpleasant job , '' she pointed out . 
 `` you most likely would n't feel very pleasant about it , either . '' 
 aphrodite eyed the massive wall that loomed in front of us . 
 `` as if our task is a ray of sunshine , '' she muttered . 
 `` no , '' hecate agreed . 
 `` it certainly is not . '' 
 she squared her shoulders and glanced at me . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i nodded , reaching back to grasp cadmus ' hand again . 
 he was , as always , my pillar of strength . 
 we marched quickly and without hesitation to the large , heavy gates . 
 mist rose from the ground , giving the land an ethereal glow . 
 wispy fingers of fog spiraled into the sky and dissipated as we pushed through them . 
 as we drew closer to the gateway , i made out the black three-headed form of cerberus , the guardian of the underworld . 
 everyone knew ... his job was to let souls in , but not to let them out . 
 i gulped . 
 hecate walked straight to him and petted the head in front of her . 
 he lowered it so that she could access it better and she scratched him behind the ears . 
 `` ah , old friend , '' she laughed . 
 `` it is good to see you . '' 
 she pulled a piece of jerky from her pocket and tossed it into the air . 
 all three heads attempted to snap it up , ultimately causing them each to miss it . 
 ortrera bent to retrieve it but when her fingers brushed it , cerberus growled menacingly . 
 he was the size of a large bull with three inch long razor sharp teeth . 
 when he growled , the world listened . 
 my sister froze , then straightened , kicking the piece of jerky to him with her foot . 
 he snapped it into his jaws and swallowed it without chewing . 
 hecate patted his stout side , seemingly unafraid . 
 `` cerberus , my friends and i need to enter . 
 will you stand aside and allow it ? '' 
 the massive beast cocked his heads and stared at her . 
 she nodded . 
 `` yes , i understand . 
 we 'll deal with hades at that point . '' 
 cerberus cocked his heads in the other direction and paused , apparently contemplating . 
 i looked at hecate . 
 `` you can communicate with animals ? '' 
 `` only dogs , '' she explained . 
 `` and only because my familiar is a dog . '' 
 she switched her attention back to cerberus . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he heaved a massive sigh and stepped to the side , his enormous jowls rippling as he breathed . 
 his large eyes rolled over each of us , but he remained still . 
 hecate motioned for us to enter , so i cautiously walked past the menacing dog and into the underworld . 
 `` he is concerned for us , '' she stated calmly , answering the unspoken question that we all had . 
 `` he knows that he is under orders to not let us leave . 
 he does n't want us to be trapped here . '' 
 `` us or you ? '' 
 ares asked with a small grin . 
 `` i think he wanted the rest of us for his lunch . '' 
 hecate smiled . 
 `` he and i have known each other a long time . 
 he is concerned for me . 
 since i am here with you , i can not come and go as i normally do-at my will . 
 the rules have changed for me . '' 
 i had n't realized that and it brought my head up with a start . 
 `` well , then , i thank you for coming , hecate . 
 i did n't know that this was a risk for you . '' 
 she leveled an ice blue gaze at me . 
 `` it 's a risk for us all , chosen one . '' 
 a chill ran down my spine at the reminder . 
 `` now , then , '' hecate said briskly . 
 `` you all know of the underworld . 
 you know the main rule . 
 hades protects his population fiercely . 
 he does n't enjoy losing numbers . 
 we shall have to think on how we will leave . 
 generally , in order to leave this place , one must offer someone else in his stead . 
 we shall have to think of a way around that , so keep that in mind as we travel . 
 are you ready ? 
 we will need to pass through the room of judgment first . '' 
 `` the room of judgment ? '' 
 i repeated in confusion . 
 `` but we are n't dead . 
 why must we be judged ? '' 
 she shrugged her thin shoulders . 
 `` it is just the way it must be . 
 no one can enter the underworld without being judged . 
 i have entered here thousands of times and each time , i have been judged . 
 you will be judged in many different aspects - in relation to those who accompany you , in relation to the world in general and with regard to your own superfluous acts . '' 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 she gave me a droll look . 
 `` then you may enter . '' 
 i examined the terrain in front of us . 
 the underworld was actually fairly beautiful thus far . 
 it reminded me of the scottish highlands . 
 craggy , severe hills stretched as far as i could see . 
 green and brown grasses waved with a crisp breeze , yellow wildflowers dotted the hillside . 
 muted light shone on us from an unseen source , which was strange . 
 the underworld was subterranean . 
 the sun could n't reach here , yet there was still light . 
 i had to attribute it to magic . 
 there was no other plausible explanation . 
 my mother approached me , reaching out to grasp my hand . 
 she was calm and lovely , no evidence whatsoever that she was unnerved by our situation . 
 `` harmonia , there are several levels to the underworld . 
 do you remember what they are ? '' 
 i wracked my brain . 
 it was frustrating not to have full use of my memory yet . 
 the fates ' spells were still binding and once again , i silently cursed them . 
 `` no , '' i answered with slumped shoulders . 
 `` do n't despair , sweetling , '' she patted my arm . 
 `` it will all come back to you after we restore zeus . 
 for now , let me tell you about the underworld . '' 
 she gestured in front of us with a broad , sweeping motion . 
 `` these are the plains of judgment . 
 nothing really resides in them . 
 they will stretch on for miles and miles until the lethe river . 
 after that , we will come to the fields of asphodel in erebus , which is where the neither good nor bad dwell . 
 it is a place for the souls who did not have a spectacular life whatsoever . 
 they did nothing of any real consequence . 
 hades palace is there in that most neutral of places . 
 `` then , the underworld will split into two vast directions . 
 on one side , we will find tartara , which is where the damned are imprisoned . 
 on the other , we will find the isles of the blessed . 
 it is a paradise , but to reach it , we would have to cross thousands of miles of oceans . 
 and that , my dear , is your geography lesson for the day . '' 
 she grinned and i shook my head . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 hecate interrupted solemnly . 
 `` there is one other main rule that you must keep in mind here - the most important . 
 do not eat anything in the underworld or you will be condemned to stay . 
 remember persephone . '' 
 visions of the beautiful queen of the underworld filled my mind for the first time in many years . 
 i had n't had cause to remember her until now . 
 the beautiful goddess was the daughter of demeter and zeus . 
 hades had cast his eye upon her long ago and desperately wanted her for his bride . 
 he abducted her from olympus and her mother had been so distraught that she had caused devastating droughts throughout the world . 
 after so much mortal suffering , zeus finally interfered and demanded that hades return persephone , but in the meantime , hades had tricked her into eating pomegranate seeds ... condemning her to a life in the underworld . 
 zeus once again interfered and negotiated a deal . 
 persephone would remain as hades ' bride , but she was free to leave for six months of the year to return to olympus to visit her mother . 
 some say that persephone was n't tricked at all ... that she knew when she ate the seeds that she was binding herself to stay , that she did it because she had come to love the dark lord of the underworld . 
 no one knew for sure , but to all appearances , that did appear to be true to some extent . 
 there were many years when persephone did not stay in olympus for the entire six months . 
 she stayed for a matter of weeks before returning to her husband and his subterranean kingdom . 
 `` so , '' hecate continued , drawing my attention back to her . 
 `` do not eat anything , no matter how hungry you become . 
 you may drink , but no eating . '' 
 we all nodded our assent , as if we would do anything but . 
 no one wished to be trapped here . 
 ortrera examined the rolling landscape hawkishly before turning back to face the group . 
 `` where will we be judged ? 
 i do not see anything for miles . '' 
 `` the judgment room will appear to us , '' hecate said confidently . 
 `` we simply have to start walking . '' 
 `` which way ? '' 
 ares asked as he gazed across the horizon . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' hecate answered . 
 `` any direction will do . '' 
 so we set off . 
 hecate and ares walked in the lead , followed by cadmus , aphrodite and me and the amazons brought up the rear , cautiously flanking us . 
 `` oh , harmonia ? '' 
 hecate called over her shoulder . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i answered quickly . 
 `` there 's one more thing . 
 the magic of the gods is rendered impotent here . 
 i thought you should know . '' 
 i shook my head wryly . 
 `` yes , that is certainly good to know . '' 
 i took another step and almost ran smack into a brick building that was emerging abruptly from the ground . 
 i stopped short and gaped at it with my mouth open . 
 cadmus grabbed my arm and pulled me backward and we stood together and watched it in amazement . 
 it rumbled to a stop after a few seconds and i could n't believe my eyes . 
 it was as though it had been there all along . 
 the soil had settled back down around the foundation of the building as though it had never been disturbed . 
 the building itself was heavy and old , built from thick stone slabs and covered in green moss . 
 it was tall , wide and formidable with a thick wooden door right in the middle . 
 i lifted my hand and rested it on the brass door-handle . 
 `` should we go in ? '' 
 i asked tentatively . 
 `` well , of course , '' hecate replied . 
 `` what else would we do ? '' 
 she sidled confidently past me and opened the door , gesturing for us to enter . 
 ares went first , followed by the rest of the group . 
 `` well ? '' 
 hecate asked me with a raised eyebrow . 
 i gulped and stepped inside , holding my husband 's arm . 
 we were in a large darkened room with no windows . 
 as my eyes grew accustomed to the dark , i made out several figures in the back , seated behind a table . 
 three people . 
 they watched us intently as they waited for us to approach . 
 `` come closer , '' a gravelly voice instructed . 
 `` you must approach and be judged . '' 
 cadmus wrapped his arm around my waist and whispered in my ear . 
 `` it will be fine , my love . 
 i promise . '' 
 a low laugh rumbled from behind the table and as we approached , i saw that it came from the man in the middle . 
 there were three , all in long gray cloaks . 
 the man in the middle laughed humorlessly again . 
 `` you are fortunate , '' he pointed out , his gaze fastened to me . 
 `` because you are here in a pack . 
 most face death alone . '' 
 he stroked his long gray beard with gnarled fingers . 
 `` but you are not dead . 
 this is most interesting . 
 hecate , why have you brought visitors ? '' 
 he shifted his stare to her , his eyes an icy blue , not unlike hecate 's own . 
 she met his without flinching . 
 `` we are in search of someone , '' she answered vaguely . 
 `` several people , in fact . 
 the oracle of the dead told us to begin our quest here . 
 so , here we are . 
 in fact , perhaps you know . 
 have you seen the olympians pass through this room ? '' 
 he threw his head back and laughed again , a chilling , unnerving sound . 
 `` if the olympians were here , i doubt they arrived in the traditional fashion . 
 no , we have not seen them . 
 until now . 
 there are two in this room . '' 
 he fixed his cold stare on my parents . 
 `` are you here to find your colleagues ? '' 
 ares nodded solemnly . 
 `` yes , we are ... as well as my granddaughter . 
 have you seen a small girl ? 
 she has eyes the color of harmonia 's . '' 
 the man in the middle shifted his gaze back to me and locked his eyes with my own . 
 `` such a unique color , '' he observed . 
 `` but this is the first that i have seen of them . '' 
 `` but the oracle said that she was here ! '' 
 i interrupted . 
 `` she must be . '' 
 `` i did n't say that she was n't , '' the man replied calmly . 
 `` i said that i have not seen her . '' 
 `` but that 's impossible , '' i cried . 
 `` everyone passes through you . 
 everyone must be judged - '' hecate touched cool fingers to my arm . 
 `` harmonia , '' she warned . 
 `` remain calm . '' 
 she looked back to the panel of men . 
 `` shall we begin ? '' 
 she was brisk and businesslike . 
 and they ignored her . 
 `` i am rhadamanthus , '' the one in the middle said coolly , then gestured to his right . 
 `` this is minos . '' 
 he gestured to his left . 
 `` and this is aeacus . 
 we hold your fate in our hands . '' 
 `` i am not unaccustomed to having my fate rest in the hands of others , '' i answered . 
 he almost seemed to smile , but it was n't comforting . 
 `` good . 
 then we shall begin with you . 
 step forward . '' 
 i moved forward , releasing my hold on cadmus . 
 i instantly felt alone as i stood in front of the table . 
 `` closer . '' 
 i took one more step . 
 he rose from his seat and circled the table , standing in front of me . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 without waiting for an answer , he lifted my hand and held it lightly within his own . 
 instantly , my hand began glowing , just as if someone was holding a flashlight to my palm . 
 every vein in my hand was illuminated perfectly and the light quickly spread up my arm and throughout my entire body until i emitted a soft glow from head to foot . 
 he smiled , still holding my hand . 
 `` you have a pure heart , '' he said as he closed his eyes . 
 `` there is no subterfuge or malevolence here . 
 you are brave and true . '' 
 he reopened his eyes and dropped my hand . 
 `` you are free to go . '' 
 `` where should i go ? '' 
 i asked tremulously . 
 `` anywhere in the underworld that you wish , '' he answered . 
 `` you have no restrictions . '' 
 he looked past me dismissively . 
 `` next ? '' 
 i stepped to the side as cadmus walked forward . 
 he was handsome as he stood quietly in front of rhadamanthus , waiting to be judged . 
 i realized once again that there was nothing that he would n't do for me . 
 he was literally traveling to the depths of the underworld just to accompany me - to help me save our daughter . 
 my heart overflowed with warmth , just as rhadamanthus spoke . 
 `` you are a worthy mate for your wife , '' he rasped . 
 `` your heart is strong and brave . 
 you do not shirk from that which you are meant to do . 
 you may enter . '' 
 the second that he released cadmus , my husband strode to my side . 
 `` see ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 `` everything is fine . 
 we will be on our way soon . '' 
 we watched quietly as everyone else was judged . 
 i was not surprised at all to find that every member of my family and each amazon warrior were judged with the same traits ... brave , strong and true . 
 finally , it was almost finished and only hecate remained to be judged . 
 `` hecate ? '' 
 rhadamanthus held out his hand and hecate lightly placed hers within it , standing proudly in front of him . 
 she had been judged by him thousands of times before so this process was routine to her . 
 i watched as her body lit up and every vein was exposed , the warm glow reflecting from the angles of her lovely face . 
 rhadamanthus grew still as he examined her and with his free hand traced a vein from her wrist to her heart . 
 `` this is very strange , hecate , '' he muttered . 
 `` very strange . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 her eyes snapped open . 
 `` sorry for what ? '' 
 she asked curiously . 
 he dropped her hand quickly as if he no longer wanted to touch her and moved back behind the table , rejoining the other two . 
 `` you have deceit and betrayal in your heart , '' he announced . 
 `` your soul is not pure . '' 
 he snapped his fingers and low wails emitted from the corners of the room . 
 quickly , from each dark corner , shadowy figures emerged and grabbed hecate , wrapping dark arms around her and dragging her away . 
 a shroud of cold air fell on us all . 
 `` this is not right ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 `` rhadamanthus ! '' 
 he turned his head away and hecate focused instead on me . 
 `` harmonia ! 
 this is n't what it seems . 
 i need to explain ... '' but they dragged her through the back wall . 
 the second they were gone , the wailing stopped and the sudden chill lifted . 
 we were left staring in horror at each other . 
 a weight seemed to descend from my stomach into my feet . 
 my visions had actually been true . 
 there had actually been a traitor among us . 
 and it had been hecate all along . 
 chapter four the silence in the room was deafening . 
 it took a minute before i felt strong enough to speak . 
 even still , my legs were shaking and i felt instantly numb from the magnitude of the betrayal . 
 this could n't be right . 
 `` rhadamanthus , '' i began hesitantly . 
 `` what did hecate do ? 
 who did she betray ? '' 
 he leveled his icy gaze at me and i almost did n't want to hear the answer . 
 `` she betrayed us all . 
 you must fix what she has done . 
 go quickly . 
 you will soon reach the river leche . 
 you must drink from it before you continue . '' 
 `` leche ? '' 
 aphrodite piped up . 
 `` the river of forgetfulness ? '' 
 rhadamanthus nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 when mortals drink from it , it erases their memories . 
 it reacts differently in the gods . 
 it might take some of your memories , none of them or all of them . 
 it is dependent on you-on how strong your mind is . 
 but regardless , you can not continue until you have drank from it . '' 
 he shrugged as he panned his gaze across each of us . 
 `` i do hope your minds are strong , '' he added . 
 `` i was not forthcoming when i asked why you were here . 
 i already knew . 
 we 've been waiting for you for a long time . 
 listen to me now . 
 we generally do not offer instructions or suggestions . 
 a person 's afterlife is a private affair . 
 however , you are not dead and this is a unique situation . 
 you will need to attain , by any means necessary , hades ' helm of darkness . 
 without it , you will fail . '' 
 there was a collective gasp from my group . 
 we were to somehow take hades ' helm of darkness from him ? 
 that was unheard of . 
 it would be impossible . 
 each of the three rulers , poseidon , zeus and hades , had special tools at their disposal . 
 poseidon had his trident , zeus had his lightning bolt , which he had converted into the form of a sword , and hades had his helm of darkness . 
 it was a helmet enchanted with power . 
 the holder of the helm would be granted invisibility , but more importantly , the one wearing it would be immune to the powers of the underworld . 
 and the underworld was teeming with strange magic . 
 hades kept the helm continually by his side . 
 there was no way that we would be able to steal it - especially without our own powers . 
 i shook my head slowly from side to side , so astonished that i could n't think of what to say . 
 my father , on the other hand , had no such trouble . 
 `` what do you mean , we must take hades ' helm ? '' 
 he thundered , the veins bulging in his forehead . 
 `` to what end ? 
 for what purpose ? '' 
 `` we can not share anymore than we already have , '' rhadamanthus replied calmly . 
 his two colleagues remained silent , their cold stares frozen on our faces . 
 `` we have already risked a great deal . 
 procure the helm . '' 
 with his final word , the walls around us began shaking and the panel of judges faded away . 
 within a few seconds , the room was gone . 
 we were standing out in the open once again on the plains of judgment with the wind whipping around us . 
 the ground beneath us was undisturbed . 
 no one would ever know that the stone building had ever been here at all . 
 `` i ca n't believe that just happened , '' i muttered . 
 `` did you have any idea ? '' 
 i looked to my mother . 
 her eyes were round as she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm still processing it myself , '' she admitted . 
 `` i ca n't believe it either . 
 hecate betrayed us ? 
 i ca n't imagine how . 
 she annoys me at times , as you know . 
 but i never would have thought her a traitor . 
 i ca n't imagine why she would do such a thing . '' 
 `` it 's likely that we 'll find out soon enough , '' ares replied gruffly , as he reached out a meaty hand and rubbed aphrodite 's shoulder . 
 `` do n't trouble yourself with it now . 
 one thing that i have learned in my life is that there are very few people who you can truly trust . '' 
 `` well , that 's depressing , '' i replied grumpily , kicking at a dirt clod in front of me . 
 in doing so , i realized that i was still barefoot . 
 i was suddenly thankful that i had rolled up a pair of knee-high buckskin boots and tossed them into my bag . 
 my abilities were impotent here , so i could n't just conjure up something . 
 i dug through my knapsack and found the soft boots , pulling them on . 
 ares shrugged . 
 `` it 's the truth , daughter . 
 you will never be disappointed in someone if you do n't allow it . 
 do n't place your trust in them in the first place and they can not let you down . '' 
 i stopped in my tracks and gazed at him , shaking my head . 
 `` i 'm glad i 'm not the god of war , if that is how you view the world . '' 
 he threw his head back and laughed . 
 `` as the god of war , that is how i must think . 
 it must be nice to be the goddess of peace and contentment-is everything rainbows and butterflies for you ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you know it is not . 
 i have jumped in a pit of fire , lost my soul mate and family in every life for thousands of years and have recently died and come back to life . 
 to top it all off , my daughter has been stolen from me . 
 my life has n't been a picnic . '' 
 he sobered . 
 `` harmonia , we will get raquel back . 
 i swear it on the river styx . '' 
 he had just uttered the most holy of oaths for an olympian . 
 i nodded . 
 i knew he meant it . 
 `` thank you , father , '' i murmured , turning my attention once again to the horizon . 
 `` where do we begin ? '' 
 `` i think we should begin exactly where rhadamanthus said , '' cadmus suggested . 
 `` the river leche . '' 
 `` but where is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't see it . 
 `` the only thing in front of us was miles and miles of rolling hillside . 
 ortrera stepped to my side , her long hair snapping around her shoulders in the strong wind . 
 `` rhadamanthus said we would soon come to it , '' she reminded me . 
 `` i think we should just begin walking . 
 perhaps it will appear just as the room of judgment did . '' 
 `` that 's a good thought , daughter , '' ares nodded . 
 `` let us walk . '' 
 he strode quickly away from us down the hill without looking back . 
 his shoulders were as broad as a doorway and he walked with purpose . 
 my mother looked to me . 
 `` well , that 's that , then , '' she smiled . 
 `` let 's go , sweetling . '' 
 the hill was steeper than it looked and it took quite a lot of work to remain balanced as we climbed down through the thick grasses . 
 i was once again thankful for my boots . 
 the weeds and grass were scratchy and thick . 
 ortrera and her warriors had boots similar to mine , so they were protected as well , but i could see red welt forming on my mother 's legs . 
 to her credit , she did n't complain . 
 cadmus reached over and caught my fingers and we held hands as we picked through the bristly wildflowers . 
 there were so many blooming that it really should smell good here , but instead , there was an underlying sulfurous smell that i could n't quite pinpoint . 
 i had no idea where it was coming from . 
 from the front , my mother and father stopped in their tracks . 
 `` look ! '' 
 my mother exclaimed pointing . 
 i followed her finger . 
 nestled in a valley , between voluptuous green hills , a sparkling blue river gently flowed . 
 the water was clear and clean and rushed fluidly over river rocks . 
 at this point , we had been hiking for awhile and to be honest , i was parched . 
 the bubble of the water was tantalizing and i found myself pulled to it as we rushed the remainder of the distance and stood at the edge . 
 `` i 'm afraid , '' my mother murmured as she stared into the clear depths . 
 `` me , too , '' i agreed . 
 my father plunged into the water without hesitation in typical ares style . 
 he splashed a large hand toward us , splattering us with large drops . 
 it was frigid . 
 `` come on in , '' he cajoled . 
 `` the water 's fine . '' 
 `` how can you not be nervous ? '' 
 aphrodite demanded . 
 `` it could take your memories . '' 
 `` it could , '' he acknowledged with a shrug . 
 `` but it wo n't . '' 
 as we all watched in trepidation , he dipped his hand in the water and drew it up to his mouth , taking a long drink . 
 the clear liquid streamed from his chin as he drank even more . 
 after a moment , he stopped abruptly , dropping his hand back down to his side as his gaze became glassy and vacant . 
 staring at my mother intently , his whispered , `` who are you ? '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` ares ? '' 
 `` ares ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 `` is that my name ? '' 
 my heart almost stopped beating as i stared at my mother . 
 she returned my horrified gaze and we seemed frozen in time as we contemplated what to do . 
 and then my father threw his head back and started laughing . 
 he was kidding and i wanted to kill him . 
 `` that is not funny ! '' 
 i screeched at him as aphrodite plunged into the river to pummel his chest with her delicate fists . 
 `` not funny at all ! '' 
 aphrodite agreed . 
 `` are you truly unaffected ? '' 
 `` truly , '' he nodded . 
 `` i 'm perfectly fine . 
 better , in fact . 
 i feel ... almost joyful . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows doubtfully . 
 `` joyful ? 
 my father , the god of war , feels joyful ? '' 
 `` yep ! '' 
 he replied , flipping onto his back and floating in the river . 
 `` joyful . 
 i do n't know how else to describe it . 
 i remember who i am perfectly , but i feel as though i do n't have a care in the world . '' 
 `` but you do , '' ortrera reminded him . 
 `` we have much to care about . 
 we do n't have time to be joyful . '' 
 `` you women ! '' 
 he tossed over his shoulder as he swam down the stream . 
 `` always nay-saying . 
 you might as well try it for yourselves . 
 you will have to anyway . '' 
 we looked at each other in hesitation . 
 cadmus spoke up . 
 `` i 'll go first , wife . '' 
 `` it does n't really matter , '' i answered . 
 `` thank you , but we 're all going to have to do it . 
 we might as well do it together . '' 
 we nervously entered the water and drew our hands to our mouths to drink . 
 the water was icy cold and delicious . 
 as it trickled down my throat , i felt a strange sense of calm come over me , just as my father had mentioned . 
 i remembered exactly who i was and who everyone else was , but i felt oddly carefree . 
 but even still , i remembered our mission here . 
 i knew i had to save my daughter . 
 yet somehow , my sense of urgency was diminished . 
 even though my head knew that was not true , it was what my body felt . 
 i would have to somehow overcome it . 
 `` we can not trust our own feelings now , '' i pointed out as i turned to cadmus . 
 he was already nodding . 
 `` i feel as though our purpose is no longer important , even though i know that to be untrue . 
 do you feel the same ? '' 
 he nodded again . 
 `` i feel incredible peace . 
 but my memories are intact . '' 
 `` me too , '' aphrodite interjected as she knelt to drink more . 
 i turned to ask the amazons , but froze . 
 ortrera was crouched in a combat position , her fierce face wary as she circled us . 
 her warriors were at attention behind her , although they looked confused by her behavior . 
 `` ortrera ? '' 
 i asked hesitantly . 
 i took a step toward her but she snarled so i quickly stepped back . 
 cadmus subtly moved to my side . 
 `` ortrera , do you know who i am ? '' 
 i tried to keep my voice soothing and calm , but since it looked like she was about to attack me at any moment , it proved difficult . 
 `` i 'm your sister . 
 your half-sister , actually . 
 do you remember ? '' 
 `` do i seem like i remember ? '' 
 she snapped as she shifted her weight back and forth to each foot cautiously . 
 `` i do not remember you . '' 
 `` do you remember you ? '' 
 i asked carefully . 
 `` do you know who you are ? '' 
 she looked around warily and then her shoulders slumped . 
 `` no . '' 
 her usually staid warriors suddenly looked uneasy , but they did n't falter in their defensive formation . 
 it was admirable , really . 
 they were prepared to defend her - to fight for her - even though she did n't remember who any of them were . 
 ares had stopped swimming and was wading back toward us , a serious gleam in his dark eyes . 
 `` ortrera , '' he began . 
 `` you are my daughter . 
 surely you remember that . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` why would i remember that ? 
 i do n't even remember who i am . '' 
 `` you 're our queen , '' one of her warriors said haltingly . 
 `` do you remember that ? '' 
 ortrera studied the woman who had spoken and then the rest of the strong warriors , her gaze passing over each one of them before she finally sighed . 
 `` no , '' she admitted . 
 she backed up a few steps , still on her guard . 
 `` and why should i trust any of you ? '' 
 `` you should n't , '' ares answered , his gaze glittering . 
 `` you should never truly trust anyone but yourself . 
 that is something i 've taught you since you were small . 
 i 'm the god of war . 
 you are my daughter - a queen of the amazon warriors and the strongest female i know . 
 trust your instincts . 
 look around you - look into our eyes . 
 you know us . '' 
 she did as he said and examined each of us , locking eyes with every one of us in turn . 
 but when she looked at me , her gaze remained empty and i knew she did n't know me at all . 
 my heart sank and i moved toward her . 
 `` sister ... '' she lunged toward me with her sword drawn . 
 `` do n't call me that ! '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` i do n't know you ! '' 
 i took a step back but it was useless . 
 ortrera was on the offensive now and kept advancing . 
 `` i do n't trust any of you ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 cadmus moved to protect me , but i motioned him back . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` she 's not herself . 
 do not hurt her . 
 i have faith that she wo n't hurt me . '' 
 `` your faith is unfounded , '' she said menacingly . 
 `` there is no reason why i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 she swung her sword and it sliced by my ear , the blade hissing as it split the air . 
 i jumped back and once again motioned cadmus and my father back . 
 `` it will only make it worse , '' i said quickly . 
 `` i do n't see how this can get worse , '' aphrodite replied . 
 `` ortrera , i know you are not yourself , but if you hurt one hair on harmonia 's head , i will kill you myself . 
 know that . '' 
 ortrera studied my small , slight mother and her lip curled . 
 `` warning noted , '' she answered wryly . 
 she chose that moment to leap onto me and shoved me to the ground , the tip of her sword pressed into my chest . 
 my heart beat against the cool blade and i tried to think - to still my racing thoughts so i could form a plan . 
 but nothing . 
 i could think of nothing . 
 so i went with instinct instead . 
 as ortrera shifted her weight , i used that moment to throw her off and we tumbled together , rolling over and over before i came out on top . 
 she outweighed me , so i knew my upper-hand would n't last . 
 i bend forward to try and pin her more securely and as i moved , my bloodstone fell from my shift and lay against her breast . 
 her eyes instantly widened and clouded . 
 her body went limp and she fell off of me to the side and rested in the grass , her chest heaving . 
 she lay still and silent , her hands clenching and unclenching her sword . 
 i was almost afraid to speak , but finally , i inched away just a bit and caught her eye . 
 `` ortrera ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 `` i know who you are . 
 father always loved you best . '' 
 i opened my mouth to speak , but ares beat me to it . 
 `` i have not , '' he boomed . 
 `` i love you differently , that is true . 
 harmonia soothes my troubled spirit , as that is her nature as the goddess of peace . 
 you are my fierce warrior - a child after my own heart . 
 i love each of you . '' 
 she nodded , a tear streaking out of the corner of her eye . 
 i froze . 
 i had never seen her cry , not in the thousands of years that we had known each other . 
 she wiped it away impatiently . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she mumbled . 
 `` i do n't know why i am emotional . '' 
 `` because we are in a difficult situation , '' i soothed , patting her shoulder . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 ortrera . 
 you were n't yourself . '' 
 she nodded as she stood . 
 she nodded to her warriors and they once again looked comfortable as they relaxed just a little . 
 she looked around the group . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 aphrodite shrugged . 
 `` now we are free to proceed , i think . 
 we 're none the worse for the wear even though you just tried to kill your sister . '' 
 she could n't quite keep her grudge from her voice and i could n't help but smile . 
 `` mother , '' i warned . 
 `` ortrera did n't mean it . 
 you know that . '' 
 she shrugged with her nose in the air . 
 i shook my head , but ortrera interrupted . 
 `` it 's alright , harmonia . 
 i do n't blame her . 
 but i do hope you know that i would protect you with my life . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i glanced at my mother and she looked slightly mollified . 
 `` of course i know . 
 you 've proven yourself time and time again . 
 and i would trust you with my life . '' 
 that seemed to make ortrera feel better and she examined the countryside in front of us . 
 `` i have to admit , this is not what i thought the underworld would be like . 
 which way do you propose that we go ? '' 
 `` that 's a very good question . '' 
 as we studied the horizon , however , a cloud seemed to descend from the distance . 
 white and jagged-edged , it seemed to drift toward us , continually changing shape as it moved . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 aphrodite pointed . 
 i squinted . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 it got closer and as it did , we saw that it was made from butterflies ... thousands of white butterflies . 
 they fluttered in a huge circle above us before they floated down around us . 
 they seemed to gravitate more toward ortrera and clung to her arms and legs . 
 she stayed frozen as she turned slightly toward me . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 i reached out a finger and a butterfly landed lightly upon it , followed by another and then another . 
 they seemed to be everywhere - all around us . 
 ortrera was almost covered with the insects . 
 they were pretty little things , but they were tangled in her hair , clinging to her arms and fluttering around her legs . 
 and then suddenly , they were n't . 
 they formed a cloud once again and hovered directly in front of us . 
 `` it 's almost like they want us to follow them , '' aphrodite pondered . 
 at her words , they moved forward a bit . 
 `` i think you 're right , '' cadmus agreed , taking my hand and swinging my knapsack onto his shoulder . 
 `` i think that 's exactly what they want . '' 
 `` so we should just follow a big swarm of bugs ? '' 
 ortrera asked incredulously . 
 ares rolled his eyes . 
 `` daughter , you should know by now , nothing is what it seems in the underworld . 
 or anywhere else , for that matter . '' 
 he looked down at aphrodite 's scratched up legs . 
 she had thin streaks of blood from a few of the deeper scratches running down her slender calves . 
 `` do those hurt ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 but before she could even answer , he had snatched her up and slung her onto his back , as easily as cadmus had swung my knapsack . 
 she rested her face against his stout back , clearly exhausted . 
 i felt sorry for her . 
 this was not something that my mother was accustomed to . 
 but then again , neither were the rest of us . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 he called over his shoulder as he began marching up the next hill with aphrodite on his back and the butterflies leading the way . 
 cadmus looked to me . 
 `` would you like for me to carry you ? '' 
 i laughed wearily . 
 `` i wish . 
 but no . 
 you need your strength , too . '' 
 he looked at me in mock outrage . 
 `` you think i 'm so weak that i ca n't carry you ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 i know you can . 
 but we do n't know what is coming and i want you at your best when we face it . 
 raquel needs you . '' 
 that thought sobered him up immediately and he nodded . 
 `` raquel needs us both . 
 and we 'll be there . 
 i promise you that , my love . '' 
 i leaned up and pressed my lips to his , savoring the warm , familiar kiss . 
 the unknown was scary , but facing it with cadmus made it more palatable . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he raised a dark eyebrow . 
 `` as i 'll ever be . '' 
 he wrapped his arm around my waist and we followed the others into the fields of the underworld . 
 chapter five erebus was such a neutral place that it was easy to forget where we were as we traveled . 
 this part of the underworld was n't foreboding in the slightest . 
 it was breezy , earthy and seemingly normal . 
 it was also very large . 
 the flower dotted fields were so vast that we seemed to walk forever . 
 one strange thing about the underworld was that there was no sun to gauge the passage of time . 
 the strange muted light that surrounded us stayed the same . 
 it did n't fade or brighten , so time seemed to run together . 
 finally , after walking the steep hills for hours , i could n't take it anymore - at least not today . 
 my calves were literally trembling from exhaustion and i stopped in my tracks . 
 `` we 've got to stop , '' i called to ares who was still briskly leading the pack with my mother on his back . 
 aphrodite had actually fallen asleep against his shoulder blades , her arms dangling loosely around his neck . 
 i envied her . 
 i was dead on my feet . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked in surprise , turning . 
 `` because i 'm going to fall down any minute , '' i snapped . 
 `` not all of us are machines like you . '' 
 he raised a dark eyebrow . 
 `` i 'm not a machine . 
 sue me for being fit . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 i knew that i was being cranky , but i just could n't help it . 
 i had never been so tired in my life . 
 cadmus wrapped me in his arms and i buried my face against his chest , inhaling his delicious scent . 
 he always smelled like the outdoors - clean and musky . 
 i was so weary and so comfortable in this spot , that i knew i would fall asleep right here if i did n't move . 
 i pulled away reluctantly . 
 `` we 've got to find somewhere to sleep . '' 
 `` where do you suggest ? '' 
 ortrera asked as she looked over the countryside . 
 `` there 's nothing but empty fields for miles and miles . '' 
 `` well , that could be a problem , '' i acknowledged . 
 `` but not an insurmountable one , '' my father added . 
 `` look . '' 
 in the near distance to our right , there was a cluster of large boulders in the juncture of two hills . 
 it would provide some semblance of protection from the rolling fields . 
 i did n't hesitate . 
 i simply started walking toward it . 
 the butterflies fluttered in a billowing cloud above us and they followed us overhead as we moved . 
 the open space was misleading . 
 even though it looked fairly close , it still took us an hour or so to reach the boulders . 
 but once we did , we were pleasantly surprised . 
 it was a cave . 
 out here in the middle of nowhere , a cave stood alone . 
 ares slid aphrodite gently to the ground and then pushed ahead , joined by cadmus and ortrera as they plunged inside the dark depths of the doorway . 
 my mother and i stood quietly with the amazons as we waited for the verdict . 
 it came quickly . 
 ares poked his head out of the doorway . 
 `` it 's safe . 
 come on in . '' 
 my mother and i glanced at each other warily , but we did n't hesitate as we followed them in . 
 we were simply too tired to care . 
 and as we entered the small cave , it was immediately evident that there was n't anything to worry about , anyway . 
 it was one room and barren . 
 there was nothing in it at all but a few scattered pebbles and a tiny clear pool of water . 
 it was n't fed by a spring , so i decided that it must bubble up directly from the ground . 
 as we stepped in , the temperature immediately dropped a few degrees as we were surrounded by the cool stone . 
 i took a deep breath as i looked around . 
 there was evidence of an old campfire in the center because the ground was blackened and there was a pile of partially burned logs . 
 so , clearly this was a cave that was used by others at times . 
 we 'd have to hope that they did n't choose to return tonight - because i was just too tired to defend it against intruders . 
 ares rubbed aphrodite 's arms gently as he gazed into her eyes . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he studied her face as he waited for an answer . 
 she was unusually pale so it was obvious that she was exhausted . 
 she was also unusually quiet , which was even more of a red-flag . 
 silence was something that simply was n't in her molecular make-up . 
 she nodded . 
 `` i do n't know why i feel so tired . 
 i 'm just ... wiped out . '' 
 he examined her carefully , running his hands over her arms and brushing her honey-colored hair back from her face . 
 `` you seem to be fine , '' he replied cautiously . 
 she nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 there should n't be anything wrong with me . 
 i have n't been injured . 
 i 'm just so tired . '' 
 i watched her in concern . 
 `` mother , you should lie down . 
 you look like you are ready to fall down . '' 
 she nodded in agreement , weariness etched on her exquisite face . 
 she had never seemed as delicate as she did right now . 
 i grabbed her knapsack and rummaged through it , finding a soft wrap . 
 i wound it around her shoulders and helped her settle onto the hard ground as comfortably as i could make it . 
 i sat beside her quietly with her head in my lap , stroking her arm as i watched ares and cadmus talk quietly by the cave entrance . 
 aphrodite was asleep within a minute . 
 i glanced in alarm at my father . 
 `` ares ! '' 
 he turned to me questioningly , but when he saw aphrodite asleep already , he rushed to my side and scooped her into his arms . 
 he settled with his back against the stone wall as he cradled her to his chest , allowing her to sleep in comfort . 
 `` is she alright ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 he nodded , although his face was n't as confident . 
 `` she 's just tired , daughter . 
 she 's not accustomed to extended hikes in the underworld . '' 
 `` okay , '' i answered quietly . 
 i prayed that he was right . 
 my mother 's face was slack and innocent in her sleep and it was hard to imagine that anything could be wrong with her . 
 so , i put it out of my mind . 
 moving to cadmus ' side , i snuggled against him . 
 `` we should sleep , husband . '' 
 he looked at me affectionately . 
 `` you go first , my love . 
 someone needs to keep watch . '' 
 ortrera piped up . 
 `` cadmus , my warriors and i will take turns . 
 you should attend to harmonia . 
 she looks as exhausted as aphrodite . '' 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 he raised a dark eyebrow . 
 `` of course , '' she nodded . 
 `` i 'm not even tired . '' 
 the lines of exhaustion on her face belied her words , but it would be useless to argue . 
 the amazons took pride in their fierce fortitude . 
 `` very well , '' he patted her toned shoulder . 
 `` but should you need me , let me know . '' 
 she nodded silently , taking her place at the door . 
 she never asked her warriors to do anything that she herself would n't do . 
 so it was just like her to take the first watch . 
 i retreated to a back corner and tried to make a comfortable sleeping area out of the contents of my knapsack . 
 the end result was no feather mattress , but it would do . 
 cadmus plunked down on it first , stretching his long legs out and opening his arms . 
 `` i 've been waiting all day for this , '' he grinned , his teeth brilliantly white . 
 `` come here . '' 
 i gladly sank to the floor and folded into his embrace . 
 he clutched me to his chest and i reveled in his strength . 
 i had never felt safer anywhere than i did in his arms . 
 it was like home to me . 
 `` i love you more than life , harmonia , '' he murmured against the top of my head . 
 `` i would move the heavens and the earth for you . 
 i hope you know that . '' 
 i nodded . 
 of course i knew it . 
 he had killed dragons for me . 
 `` cadmus , if it was n't for you , i do n't know how i would have made it through everything that i have . 
 you 've kept me strong and have given me a reason to keep trying . 
 you are my strength . 
 i thank you for that . '' 
 `` oh , my sweet , '' he brushed his lips against the side of my neck before pulling me even closer . 
 `` you are stronger than all of us . 
 you just do n't realize it . 
 sleep now , though . 
 you need the rest . 
 do not worry . 
 i 'll protect you with my life . '' 
 i nodded as my eyes fluttered closed with a will of their own . 
 i would have liked to stay awake just a little longer , to enjoy being close to my husband . 
 we had not been able to enjoy intimacy of this sort lately - everything had been so chaotic . 
 but my body would n't hear of it . 
 i was too tired to stay awake . 
 before i knew it , i was standing with ahmose . 
 his black robes billowed around him and he was staring at me intently . 
 i looked around in confusion before realization set in and i groaned . 
 i was dream-walking . 
 my least favorite thing to do . 
 i sighed and turned to him . 
 `` why are you here , ahmose ? 
 i should be sleeping soundly . 
 i 'm more exhausted than i have ever been . '' 
 `` of course you are , '' he agreed , gazing at me sympathetically . 
 `` more than you even know . '' 
 `` what do you mean by that ? 
 `` i narrowed my eyes suspiciously . 
 his own were glinting with hidden knowledge . 
 i had seen that look from him a million times . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` ah , harmonia . 
 you know that nothing can ever be easy for you . '' 
 `` and nothing ever is , '' i scowled . 
 `` but what are you speaking of right now ? '' 
 i was impatient and i instantly regretting snapping at him . 
 he had died for me before after all . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i 'm concerned for you , harmonia , but i 'm even more worried for your mother . 
 you both are going to have to take great care . 
 you 're in danger there . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` we 're in the underworld . 
 we 're all in danger . '' 
 `` it 's more than that , '' he continued patiently . 
 `` you and your mother are goddesses who live on positive energy . 
 you require peacefulness to feed your spirit and your mother requires the energy of love . 
 you 're currently in a place where that kind of energy simply does n't exist . 
 erebus is neutral . 
 the only emotional energy you will receive there will be from the few people surrounding you . 
 it 's not enough . 
 particularly for your mother - love is a stronger energy and without it ... well , your mother is in danger . '' 
 shock hit me like a wave . 
 of course - it made perfect sense . 
 no wonder my mother and i could hardly stay awake . 
 our energy was being drained from us . 
 `` you 're right , '' i whispered . 
 `` she was very weak tonight . 
 she could barely stay awake and frankly , neither could i . 
 what can we do ? '' 
 he stared at me , his black eyes glinting . 
 `` you can leave . 
 it 's the only thing that will ultimately help you . 
 in the meantime , i sent you butterflies . 
 did you receive them ? 
 they bring with them energy from the mortal world . 
 it 's not enough to make you feel normal , but it is enough to keep you alive . 
 your energy will be recharged in hades ' palace but once you leave there , you will be in peril once again . 
 you must hurry and return to the spiritlands or there will be dire consequences . '' 
 `` why did n't someone tell us this before ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` this would have been good to know . '' 
 `` would it have stopped you from going ? '' 
 he answered calmly and i swallowed . 
 of course it would not have and he knew it . 
 `` see ? '' 
 he answered . 
 `` it would n't have mattered . 
 but i am telling you now . '' 
 `` so , you 're telling me that bugs will keep us alive ? '' 
 he stared at me . 
 `` they are ethereal creatures , harmonia . 
 they will keep you alive . 
 and when you drain their energy , i will send you more . '' 
 `` why are things surrounding me always so strange ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` i feel like i 'm alice in wonderland half of the time . '' 
 `` it is what it is , '' he shrugged . 
 he was in his original form right now , ancient and stooped . 
 his head was shaved bald and his hands were gnarled and old , his fingernails so long that they curled into his palm . 
 i had always wondered why he chose this form - when he could appear as anything or anyone that he wished . 
 but that was neither here nor there right now . 
 `` how are things there ? '' 
 i asked , changing the subject . 
 `` they have told us here that hecate betrayed us and they dragged her away . 
 do you know anything about that ? '' 
 he looked away . 
 `` not enough to be of help , but i 'll continue to hunt . 
 eris and i have found nothing of use for you , '' he admitted . 
 `` we have searched through the old writings with medea and circes and there is simply nothing of consequence . '' 
 `` why is eris trying to be helpful ? '' 
 i was instantly suspicious of my old nemesis . 
 she and i were polarized goddesses . 
 she was the goddess of strife and discord and i was the goddess of peace . 
 we were n't meant to get along , yet in camelot she had uncharacteristically assisted us . 
 i had not yet had a chance to try to figure that out . 
 `` eris has her own motives , '' ahmose admitted . 
 `` and they might actually be of assistance . '' 
 `` her motives ? '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 he nodded . 
 `` she has not miraculously turned good , of course . 
 she has long been in love with alexi . 
 she wants to find a way to save his soul . '' 
 `` alexi ? '' 
 i gasped . 
 he had been the lapdog of the fates for as long as i could remember . 
 he had done their bidding for them and was currently confined in the dungeons of zeus ' palace . 
 no one had known what to do with him , so they were holding him for zeus to deal with . 
 it seemed like the fair thing to do . 
 ahmose nodded . 
 `` and do you remember who alexi actually is ? '' 
 i wracked my brain , but came up empty . 
 all i could remember was how he was now - dispassionate and cold - because the fates ' had taken his soul . 
 they had sent him to deal with me after they had disposed of ahmose . 
 `` he 's the son of alecto . '' 
 ahmose waited for that to click with me , which it quickly did . 
 alecto was one of the erinyes ... otherwise known as the furies or the avengers . 
 they acted in much the same way as the keres , but they did it in the underworld . 
 they tortured prisoners in the dungeon of the damned in tartara . 
 they worked for hades . 
 i sucked in a breath and ahmose nodded . 
 `` do you see where i am going with this ? '' 
 `` i think so , '' i replied quietly . 
 `` alecto will not enjoy hearing that her son 's soul has been taken . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she already knows , '' ahmose answered . 
 `` but her hands are tied because she can not leave the underworld . 
 but you are there now . 
 you can talk with her about this ... perhaps bargain with her , if you must . 
 it is an angle that might be at your disposal . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'll keep that in mind . '' 
 `` but right now , '' he continued . 
 `` you must get to hades palace as soon as possible . 
 your mother 's strength will not hold for much longer . '' 
 `` yes , '' i agreed . 
 `` i know that you are right . '' 
 `` then go , '' he instructed , pointing with a long , twisted finger . 
 and i was awake . 
 my eyes opened to find the cave exactly like it had been when i went to sleep , except that another amazon had taken ortrera 's place as guard . 
 the white butterflies were plastered against the walls of the cave , their delicate wings moving slightly as they waited . 
 `` do you feel better ? '' 
 cadmus asked quietly . 
 i was still lying on his chest and it did n't look like he had slept much . 
 he was still beautiful , of course , but his face was weary . 
 his chocolate eyes did n't shine as much as they normally did . 
 i reached up to brush my fingers against his strong jaw line , where his rough stubble snagged at my fingers . 
 we were all a little worse for the wear . 
 `` i 'm fine for now , '' i answered . 
 `` but ahmose came to me while i slept and i learned a couple of interesting things . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 ares asked from across the room . 
 sound carried easily in this cavern . 
 i sat up so that i was facing everyone . 
 `` my mother and i will continue to be drained of energy , '' i announced . 
 `` because we thrive on positive energy and there is none of that here . 
 aphrodite will be more strongly affected than me , because love is a stronger emotion than peace . 
 but both of us will be affected until we leave . 
 ahmose sent the butterflies from the mortal world - they 'll bring us energy , but they 'll simply keep us alive . 
 they are n't able to do much more than that . 
 ahmose says that we can recharge at hades palace . '' 
 ares was already moving , lying aphrodite on the ground as he stood . 
 `` well , let 's move then . '' 
 `` there 's more . '' 
 i leveled my gaze at him . 
 ares stilled and listened as i explained about alexi . 
 he stared thoughtfully at me when i finished . 
 `` that makes perfect sense , '' he admitted . 
 `` i do n't know why we did n't figure it out before . 
 i 've seen the way she lingers around him whenever she can . 
 we 'll keep that in our back pocket for later use . '' 
 i crossed the cave to kneel next to my mother . 
 i shook her arm gently , but she did n't stir . 
 her face was still deathly pale and she did n't respond to my attempts to wake her . 
 `` this is bad , ares ! '' 
 i cried as i desperately tried to rouse her . 
 he bent and scooped aphrodite up once again . 
 `` it will be fine ! '' 
 he decreed as he strode towards the hills . 
 `` but as i said , we need to move . '' 
 he did n't dally . 
 by the time i had packed up our things as quickly as i could and exited the little cave , ares was a small dot in the distance , surrounded by the billowing white cloud of butterflies . 
 ortrera looked at me ruefully . 
 `` he 's your father . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` oh , he 's mine when he 's difficult ? '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` i 'm glad you agree . '' 
 we laughed and started out across the field in pursuit . 
 but i had only taken a few steps before i felt exhaustion set in myself and i could n't help but worry . 
 how would i find raquel if simply being here might kill me ? 
 i had no sooner had the thought before cadmus swept me into his arms . 
 `` you 've got to conserve your strength , '' he instructed . 
 i did n't argue . 
 i rested my head against him as he carried us with strong steps across the asphodel fields of erebus . 
 chapter six we knew when we were close . 
 as if we had crossed an invisible boundary , the ethereal white butterflies fell dead from the sky . 
 thousands of them rained down on us and fluttered lifelessly to the ground . 
 i met ortrera 's eyes . 
 `` this does n't bode well , '' i muttered . 
 `` chin up , sister , '' she answered as she examined the broad horizon . 
 `` we do n't know what it means . '' 
 `` oh , i think we do , '' ares said . 
 he was not even out of breath even though he had carried my mother for miles . 
 `` it means that hades is near . '' 
 `` he has something against butterflies ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he has something against anything beautiful , if he is not able to own it . 
 he sucks the beauty right out of it . '' 
 i gulped as i glanced at the insects . 
 and ares was right . 
 as we crested the hill that we were climbing , hades ' palace loomed in front of us . 
 the butterflies had led us straight to it . 
 it was enormous . 
 and it was n't exactly what you would expect the god of the underworld to live in . 
 it was actually quite beautiful and only slightly on the gothic side . 
 it had spires and columns and thousands of windows . 
 there was no fire or brimstone in sight . 
 but there was an army . 
 in perfectly formed rows , thousands of haggard soldiers lined up in front of the palace . 
 they filled acres and acres . 
 they were an impressive sight , especially considering that they seemed to be undead . 
 their skin was gray , their cheeks hollow . 
 their eyes were cold and flat . 
 they stood at attention , completely still with their eyes fixed straight ahead . 
 a drastic chill emanated from them and i shivered as we grew closer . 
 we moved cautiously through them and they did n't budge an inch or even break rank to look at us . 
 they allowed us to enter the perimeter and approach the palace . 
 `` what does this mean ? '' 
 i whispered to cadmus . 
 `` it means that we 're expected , '' he answered calmly . 
 the god of the underworld was waiting for us ? 
 it was n't exactly a comforting thought . 
 i focused on staying calm as we approached and when we reached the massive gates , cadmus stood me on my feet and i took his arm . 
 keeping one hand on his palpable strength was truly comforting . 
 i hoped it would leak into me by osmosis . 
 `` we 're here to see hades , '' ares demanded of the guard . 
 the undead guard did n't meet my father 's eyes , he simply nodded once curtly and the gates opened . 
 we were definitely expected . 
 ares led the way across the drawbridge-like entry and into the palace . 
 the entry way opened up into a cavernous foyer made from glistening onyx , polished to a high shine . 
 the second we entered , i began to feel better , as though my strength was being returned to me . 
 i quickly looked to my mother . 
 she was coming around also , opening her eyes and lifting her head from my father 's chest . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 this room was empty of any furniture but for a large wall of clocks to my right . 
 there were hundreds of them , showing the times of everywhere from sidney to juneau . 
 i was staring quizzically at them when a low voice came from the shadows . 
 `` why do i care , right ? 
 time does not exist here . '' 
 i whipped my head around to find a tall , slender man emerging from the darkness . 
 it had to be hades . 
 i knew from simply looking at him that it could be no one else . 
 he had shoulder length dark hair , black eyes and golden skin . 
 and he was n't what i expected . 
 he was ... handsome and young . 
 he had the physical appearance of someone in their thirties . 
 he wore black leather pants and an unbuttoned white flowing shirt . 
 a dark cloak was casually thrown over his shoulders but it did n't conceal anything . 
 his stomach was flat and sculpted . 
 from all appearances , hades could have been a rock star . 
 there was a brooding air of something romantically dark surrounding him . 
 it immediately stood all of my nerve-endings at attention in an almost pleasing way . 
 something about him screamed dangerous , but deep inside , i liked it . 
 and that put me instantly on guard . 
 he circled around to stand in front of us , but his gaze was fixed on me . 
 the fact that i was the chosen one had never been so glaringly obvious . 
 i felt like the prey of a lion as he quietly examined me and i subconsciously hid my birthmark with my other hand . 
 `` harmonia , '' he smiled . 
 and he had a beautiful smile . 
 he reached out and picked up my hand , drawing it to his lips . 
 the imprint from the touch of his lips lingered , almost buzzing with electricity even as he released my hand and i dropped it back to my side . 
 `` it is a pleasure to finally meet you , '' he said as his dark eyes flitted over my body . 
 i had the conflicting urges to both cover up and to step closer to him . 
 what the hell was wrong with me ? 
 it was as though he literally exuded magnetism . 
 i now understood how men felt around aphrodite . 
 it was an almost uncontrollable urge . 
 i glanced at my husband to find his jaw clenched . 
 he could sense it , too , the effect hades was having on me . 
 i reached over and grasped his hand . 
 hades glanced down , but did n't acknowledge that he 'd seen my gesture . 
 `` i 'm hades , '' he offered casually with another smile ... as though he had n't just announced that he was the king of the underworld . 
 i would n't know how to begin to classify his demeanor . 
 he was confident , yet not brash . 
 in fact , he was almost understated . 
 he was quiet-mannered , yet he possessed a definite air of danger . 
 i knew without question that whatever else he was , he was a threat to me on many , many levels . 
 and he knew it . 
 his eyes assessed mine , almost as though he was reaching into my soul to examine it as well . 
 he moved to circle me , standing behind me as he leaned in to murmur into my ear . 
 `` you 're a light , little harmonia , '' he breathed . 
 `` a pure and innocent light . 
 we 've needed someone like you for a long while . '' 
 `` do n't get used to it , '' cadmus snapped , pulling me closer to him . 
 `` we wo n't be staying . '' 
 hades looked to him without concern . 
 `` will you not ? 
 there are not many ways for you to leave , '' he remarked , before he looked to my mother . 
 `` aphrodite , i do hope you are feeling better ? '' 
 my father had put her down and she was standing at his side , grasping his elbow . 
 she did look immensely better . 
 color had returned to her cheeks and her eyes were once again spitting fire . 
 she tilted up her nose . 
 `` i 'm well , thank you , '' she sniffed . 
 i hid my smile . 
 she was indeed better . 
 her spunk had returned and it was obvious that she was not happy with this entire state of affairs . 
 hades looked mildly amused at her behavior . 
 he nodded with a small smile and spread his hands wide at his sides . 
 `` come , '' he gestured toward the hall . 
 `` i have prepared a feast for you . 
 you must join us . 
 persephone is waiting ... and she is not what would call patient . '' 
 he turned and led the way , walking fluidly into the hall . 
 he almost seemed to glide . 
 `` as if we would eat , '' ares muttered as they followed . 
 i could hear hades chuckle , but he said nothing in reply . 
 cadmus leaned toward me , brushing his lips across my cheek bone . 
 `` everything will be fine , harmonia . '' 
 he was intent and he believed it . 
 i so hoped he was right . 
 `` i know , '' i answered . 
 we continued down a long marble hallway . 
 on either side , framed artwork hung on the pristine walls . 
 priceless , original pieces . 
 i recognized picasso , rembrandt , van gogh , degas , matisse . 
 as hades turned to wait for us , he followed my gaze . 
 `` i do love the art of the mortals , '' he said . 
 `` it 's as though their fleeting lives allow them to truly capture beauty . '' 
 `` well , your paintings are certainly beautiful , '' i agreed . 
 he dipped his head slightly in acceptance of my compliment . 
 `` yet their beauty is far outshined by your own . '' 
 his demeanor was fascinating and i found myself sucked in by it . 
 he was genteel and sophisticated , sexy and dark . 
 i had to continually remind myself who i was dealing with and i gave him a wide berth as i passed by him . 
 he fell into step behind us and his presence was enormous . 
 i felt him one step behind me even without looking . 
 the hall led us to a beautiful dining room filled with sparkling chandeliers , gleaming silver elaborate draperies and flickering candles . 
 a long table was filled with elegant displays of food and sparkling pitchers of wine . 
 at the far end of the table , persephone waited , watching us as we entered . 
 she was beautiful . 
 not as beautiful as my mother , but then no one was . 
 one of aphrodite 's gifts was in being the epitome of beauty to every eye that beheld her . 
 she was each person 's personal vision of perfection . 
 there was no competing with that . 
 but persephone gave her a run for her money . 
 she was curvy and her br ** sts spilled over the top of her perfectly fitted purple satin gown . 
 chunky necklaces and bracelets of amethyst adorned her neck and wrists , which made her dark blue eyes appear purple . 
 her russet colored hair was piled on top of her head with tendrils escaping to curl around her face . 
 she was lovely and young , although the wisdom in her eyes betrayed her age . 
 she also had a sharpness about her . 
 it was evident that she had seen many things throughout her life here in the underworld . 
 she stood as we entered and hades crossed the room to her side , kissing her briefly on the cheek . 
 there was appreciation in his eyes when he appraised her appearance . 
 it was a well-known fact that he was in love with his wife . 
 `` my wife , persephone , '' he introduced . 
 `` persephone , we are honored to host harmonia , cadmus , ares , aphrodite , ortrera and her fierce amazon warriors . 
 i wonder what we did to receive such an honor ? '' 
 he turned his gaze back to us in question . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asked smoothly . 
 `` why have we been blessed with your presence ? '' 
 he was perfectly calm as he slid persephone 's chair in for her and then turned to us , waiting for an answer . 
 aphrodite gave him one . 
 `` you know why we 're here ! '' 
 she spit in agitation . 
 `` we 're here because somewhere in this godforsaken place , you have harmonia 's daughter . 
 and perhaps you have the other olympians , as well ! 
 where have you put them ? '' 
 hades chuckled darkly as he walked toward us . 
 `` and why would you assume that ? '' 
 as he drew nearer , i saw the danger glittering in the depths of his dark eyes and it made me want to retreat . 
 i innately knew that i had never been in the presence of someone as dangerous as hades . 
 he reminded me of a coiled up cobra , deadly and poised to strike . 
 `` the oracle of the dead told us to come here , '' i answered quietly , calming standing my ground even though i wanted to flee . 
 he was dangerous on many levels . 
 `` she said that we would find all that we seek in the underworld . 
 but you know that , do n't you ? 
 you 've been expecting us . 
 everyone here is expecting us . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' he conceded , examining me . 
 `` am i correct in assuming that none of you will be eating from this delicious feast ? '' 
 i nodded curtly . 
 `` you are correct . '' 
 he smiled again , a breath-taking smile . 
 his teeth were brilliantly white in contrast with his dark hair and golden skin . 
 i once again had to suppress my surprise . 
 he was a beautiful man and i had n't been expecting that . 
 `` then perhaps i could have a word with you , alone ? '' 
 he glanced at the rest of the group . 
 `` i 'm sure aphrodite should rest . 
 and persephone , perhaps you could keep the rest of our visitors entertained ? '' 
 `` of course , my love , '' she nodded . 
 `` i would be happy to . '' 
 she rose from her seat without eating and swayed toward me . 
 but she did n't even look at me . 
 instead , she fixed her gaze on cadmus and took his arm . 
 `` we have many lovely things in our home . 
 i so rarely get a chance to show them off . 
 please , come with me . '' 
 cadmus looked to me , his forehead wrinkled in concern . 
 here in the underworld , i was n't able to read his mind but i already knew what he was thinking . 
 he did n't want to leave me alone with hades . 
 and to be honest , i did n't want him to . 
 my heart was racing already . 
 but i did n't have a choice . 
 hades might know something about raquel . 
 in fact , i was fairly certain that he did . 
 and i knew that he would n't share anything if we did n't play by his rules . 
 so , i sighed and nodded . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 cadmus stared into my eyes . 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 `` of course , '' i answered with as much bravado as i could muster . 
 `` hades just wants to talk to me . 
 it 's alright . '' 
 persephone laughed , her voice tinkling like expensive crystal bells . 
 `` what harm could come from a conversation ? 
 `` she laughed . 
 `` truly . 
 she will be fine . '' 
 she looped her other arm through aphrodite 's . 
 `` we have so much to catch up on , '' persephone murmured to my mother . 
 `` please , tell me everything . '' 
 she led them away and out the door . 
 cadmus glanced worriedly over his shoulder as they left and i smiled at him in reassurance . 
 it was an assurance that i did n't feel , but hopefully he did n't know that . 
 the amazons trailed behind them and as the last one turned the corner , hades turned to me . 
 `` i 've known for a long time that this day would come , '' he confided in me , his voice like velvet . 
 i honestly could listen to his voice forever . 
 it was like creamy caramel drizzling over my entire body . 
 it was that smooth . 
 i shook my head . 
 why was i dwelling on that ? 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 `` you have ? '' 
 i studied his handsome face . 
 he did n't seem worried or concerned . 
 like everyone else , he was simply expectant . 
 `` and now that it is here ? '' 
 `` now that it is here , i find that i do not know what to say . '' 
 he laughed softly as he picked up my hand and turned it over to trace my birthmark with his fingers . 
 his touch was electrifying and i wondered if it was that way for everyone or if he and i just had a strange connection . 
 i tried to calm my breathing . 
 he bent his dark head to examine my mark more closely . 
 `` this looks painful , '' he said as he traced the blackened outline of the phoenix . 
 `` why did they do this to you ? '' 
 his eyes held sympathy and it appeared to be genuine . 
 every trace of danger that had been there only a few minutes ago was gone and now , he somehow seemed kind . 
 but i knew better than to trust it . 
 i pulled my hand away . 
 `` i do not know , '' i admitted . 
 `` but it does n't hurt any longer . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it is a pity that they marred even a fraction of your perfection . '' 
 `` i am not perfect . '' 
 `` that is debatable , '' he replied softly and i could n't help but watch his perfectly formed lips as he spoke . 
 what had he done to me ? 
 why did i feel such a pull toward him ? 
 i had never experienced anything like it . 
 even with ... cadmus . 
 my soul mate . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` can you help me find my daughter ? '' 
 he studied me for a moment , cocking his head just a little , causing his dark hair to tumble into his eye . 
 he tossed it out of the way . 
 `` perhaps , '' he answered . 
 `` but what would do for me in return ? '' 
 panic took off in my chest like a flock of startled birds . 
 there was n't anything i would n't do for raquel . 
 but here in the underworld with hades , i felt as though my very soul was on the line . 
 and i knew that more than likely , that was exactly the case . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i whispered , taking a step back . 
 he circled around me , putting both hands on my shoulders and leaning in to speak softly into my ear . 
 his breath was warm on my cheek . 
 `` i think you know what i mean , '' he answered . 
 `` i want you to stay here ... with me . 
 is that too high a price for your daughter ? '' 
 his voice was almost intoxicating , as if it was caressing my face as he spoke . 
 i almost leaned into it before i realized what i was doing . 
 i blinked hard and yanked away . 
 `` what are you doing to me ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` stay there . 
 do n't come any closer . '' 
 he laughed , but remained motionless as i requested . 
 `` we have a connection . 
 do n't you see ? 
 `` he watched me from a distance as i backed slowly away . 
 `` we do n't have a connection , hades . 
 you just want what you can not have . 
 i think you must get bored down here and this is how you bring excitement into your life . '' 
 before i could say another word , he blurred into motion and was at my side in an instant . 
 i had forgotten ... i might not have goddess abilities here , but he certainly retained his . 
 i cringed away as he pulled me to him , sliding his hands against my back . 
 `` you think that was excitement ? '' 
 he asked innocently . 
 `` i think not . '' 
 he pressed his lean form against me , running his hands along my sides , trailing his fingers upward along the sides of my br ** sts . 
 my nerve endings were on fire . 
 i inhaled sharply and looked away . 
 `` now we 're getting somewhere , '' he continued softly , pushing the hair away from my neck . 
 `` i can see your pulse beat here , '' he said as he lightly caressed my neck . 
 `` you seem afraid . '' 
 `` i 'm not afraid , '' i answered . 
 `` but i am married and i am not enjoying this . 
 you need to stop . '' 
 `` there 's something you should know about me , '' he said as he looked into my eyes . 
 `` i am the king of the underworld . 
 and one of my gifts is knowing when someone is lying . 
 you are lying . 
 you are enjoying this right now . 
 perhaps it is deep down in the murky part of your soul where you hide bad things away , but nevertheless ... you are enjoying this . '' 
 and by the gods , he was right . 
 everywhere he had touched me was tingling with pleasure and it turned my stomach . 
 but it did n't mean that it was n't true . 
 even still , i knew it was n't my fault . 
 hades had done something ... enchanted me somehow . 
 perhaps this strange magnetism was one of his gifts , just like aphrodite . 
 i was in love with my husband with every cell in my body . 
 somehow , some way , hades had turned my body into a traitor . 
 i wrenched away from him , shaking as i stood several feet away . 
 `` please , '' i pleaded . 
 `` please . 
 do you know where raquel is ? '' 
 he nodded seriously . 
 `` yes . '' 
 my heart rate picked up and i stepped toward him once again . 
 `` where ? '' 
 i heard the desperation in my voice myself , but it did n't matter . 
 he already knew that i was desperate to find her . 
 i could n't hide that . 
 `` you know the price , '' he said simply . 
 i closed my eyes and sagged against the wall dejectedly . 
 how was i ever going to save her ? 
 would i really have to sacrifice my soul to do it ? 
 `` harmonia , come with me , '' hades murmured from two inches away . 
 i opened my eyes hesitantly . 
 he had silently moved to my side and reached to take my elbow . 
 `` there is something that might help you decide . '' 
 `` there is no decision , '' i snapped . 
 `` i am not staying with you . 
 you have a wife . 
 you love her dearly . 
 why would you want me anyway ? '' 
 he looked at me in surprise . 
 `` of course i love persephone . 
 what does that have to do with anything ? '' 
 i stared back in exasperation . 
 `` it has everything to do with it ! 
 you have a wife , i have a husband . 
 i am not staying here with you . '' 
 he threw his head back and laughed . 
 `` ah , harmonia . 
 i should have expected nothing less from you and it is so delightful and refreshing . '' 
 he sobered as he studied me once more and i felt as though he was looking into my soul . 
 `` but i will have you . '' 
 he began strolling , lightly grasping my elbow . 
 `` come . 
 i must show you something . '' 
 i was nervous , but i did n't have a choice . 
 although his touch on my arm was light , it had bound me to him with invisible steel . 
 i found my feet moving along with his , even though i was n't propelling them myself . 
 strange . 
 we crossed through the lavish banquet hall and out onto a manicured terrace . 
 exotic flowers grew around the stone tiles of the courtyard and i inhaled them . 
 the heady scent was delicious , like nothing i had ever smelled before ... like a combination of peaches , roses , honeysuckle and jasmine . 
 it was heavy and lingered on my tongue . 
 in the center of the courtyard was a bubbling fountain . 
 i could tell that it was very old . 
 three large layered bowls were balanced on a stone pedestal with water pouring from the top down . 
 hades led me to it . 
 `` this is the fountain of truth , '' he explained . 
 `` drink from it and it will reveal parcels of truth to you , things that have happened or things that will be . 
 there is nothing else like it in all the world . '' 
 `` can it help me find raquel ? '' 
 i turned my eyes to him . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do not know what it will reveal to you . 
 would you like to find out ? '' 
 i looked at it again . 
 it seemed innocuous enough . 
 it was only water . 
 right ? 
 what harm could it do ? 
 i nodded . 
 `` alright . '' 
 he picked up a nearby bronze cup and dipped it in the bottom bowl of the fountain . 
 he handed it to me , stepping back to allow me to drink . 
 i sniffed at it . 
 it had no smell . 
 it appeared to truly be water . 
 i took a tentative sip . 
 then another . 
 nothing happened . 
 and then my eyes clouded over and the present ceased to exist . 
 i was staring through murky fog at what seemed to be the past . 
 zeus and cadmus walked the cobblestone streets of olympus , speaking in earnest . 
 `` you must , '' zeus implored my husband . 
 he was frightening with his insistence , his silver eyes drilling a hole in cadmus . 
 zeus clearly wanted something very badly from him . 
 `` it is the only way to protect her . '' 
 the hair on the back of my neck stood up . 
 me ? 
 cadmus stared absently at the horizon of the bustling city . 
 `` i do not think i can . 
 it is not right . '' 
 `` not right ? '' 
 zeus boomed and everyone on the streets around him drew to a stop , staring in apprehension . 
 he immediately calmed and dropped his voice again . 
 `` why do you think we are in this position ? 
 because of the treachery and deceit of the fates . 
 they think to overthrow me . 
 i have heard of their plans . 
 `` in readiness for it , i must put safeguards into place to protect us all , although i know you are only concerned for your wife . 
 so know this , this is the only way to protect her . 
 otherwise , they will eventually hunt her down and eliminate her , because they know that she will stand in their way . '' 
 zeus ' face was thunderous even though his voice was now calm . 
 `` i knew this long ago . 
 why do you think that i allowed hephaestus to use my own blood when he created the necklace for harmonia ? 
 because my blood will be the key to save us and harmonia must be the one to hold it . 
 `` you must become mortal , along with harmonia . 
 it is the best way to hide you . 
 you will be reborn , life after life , until the time comes that they manage to trick me . 
 at that time , you will return and right it . 
 as the goddess of peace , harmonia is the chosen one . 
 she will bring peace to olympus . 
 but the only way to ensure that is to hide her from the fates . '' 
 i froze , sucking in a ragged breath . 
 surely not . 
 surely not . 
 surely not . 
 cadmus could n't have known all along . 
 he could n't have been part of the decision that imprisoned me in mortal form for thousands of years . 
 please god . 
 please , please god . 
 no . 
 cadmus stared at zeus seriously , clearly weighing the situation carefully . 
 `` if i agree , what will happen ? '' 
 the corner of zeus ' mouth twitched , but he did not smile . 
 `` if you agree , then i will allow you to accompany her , to be with her in every lifetime . 
 if you do not , i 'll send her alone . '' 
 cadmus nodded seriously . 
 `` very well , then . 
 i do n't see that i really have a choice . '' 
 `` you 're correct . 
 you do not . '' 
 `` how will we know when it is time to return and fight ? 
 we 'll be in mortal form . 
 we 'll have no abilities to use . '' 
 zeus pondered that for a scant moment . 
 `` i will send my two advisors , ahmose and annen , to keep track of you in each life . 
 they will guide you and let you know when it is time . 
 i 'll assign annen to you and ahmose to harmonia . '' 
 it felt like my heart froze in my chest . 
 zeus had sent annen and ahmose . 
 zeus himself , not the fates . 
 everything that i thought i knew was raveling apart . 
 cadmus nodded in agreement . 
 `` fine , '' he replied curtly . 
 `` i 'll go along with this . 
 but we can not tell her . 
 it will break her heart . '' 
 the world seemed to stop and whirl together at the same time . 
 the colors of the garden around me bled into one another and i put out a hand to steady myself . 
 hades ' took my hand . 
 `` he betrayed you , '' he whispered . 
 `` he lied to you . '' 
 no matter how much i wished it was n't true , it was . 
 the idea that they purposely cast me into mortal form for so long was bad enough ... but to lie to me about it ? 
 that was heinous . 
 and it had been cadmus ' idea . 
 chapter seven confusion , combined with anger , clouded my mind with dark shades of red . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i murmured . 
 `` i 'm confused . 
 zeus cast me into mortal form ? 
 and then what happened ? '' 
 hades watched me calmly , his handsome face sympathetic . 
 `` well , obviously , the fates found you . '' 
 `` yes . 
 and ? '' 
 `` they turned the plan around . 
 the plan had apparently been to keep you safe and hidden in the mortal world until the fates had executed their plan to take over olympus . 
 once that happened , annen and ahmose were supposed to bring you back to olympus where you could fight for everything that was right and good ... and all that . '' 
 he shrugged dismissively . 
 `` but you know what they say about the best laid plans . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` how did it go wrong ? '' 
 `` me , '' he replied simply and without remorse . 
 `` you ? '' 
 my voice was small . 
 `` yes , me . 
 the fates ' plan was not going to work . 
 i stepped in and offered my assistance . 
 and together , we felled my mighty , arrogant brother . 
 the only problem was that he had actually been smart in hiding you with your bloodstone . 
 part of its enchantment was a strange sort of protection . 
 we could n't return you to the spiritlands ourselves to dispose of you and we could n't permanently dispose of you in mortal form , because your soul was simply reborn time and time again . 
 the only way for you to return to the spiritlands was to do it on your own volition . 
 `` that was the loop hole . 
 the fates decided that the best possible way of preventing your interference was to keep you mortal . 
 so , lachesis concocted the whole keeper of fate scheme . 
 they captured annen and ahmose and forced them to work with them , to keep you in mortal form doing their bidding and out of our hair . 
 and i can tell you , they had much fun at your expense making you punish your own parents time and time again . '' 
 my head snapped up . 
 `` my parents . 
 why were they there ? 
 zeus and cadmus did n't discuss that . '' 
 hades waved a hand . 
 `` oh , you know your mother . 
 once she heard of the plan , she would n't hear of it continuing without her . 
 she wanted to be there , too . 
 so , zeus cast you all mortal . '' 
 `` my parents knew , also ? '' 
 i breathed . 
 and for a split second , i saw satisfaction on hades ' face . 
 and then it was gone , replaced by sympathy once more . 
 `` yes , '' he answered . 
 `` they both knew and they lied to you also . 
 now , i 'll admit . 
 once they were mortal , they did n't remember anything . 
 that was part of zeus ' plan . 
 he was afraid that if he left you with your memories , you would all grow weary of waiting and return too soon , which would jeopardize his entire grand scheme . 
 your parents thought they were mortal nothings . 
 and that played right into the fates ' hands . '' 
 `` and yours , '' i snapped . 
 `` you are not innocent ! '' 
 `` and mine , '' he agreed easily . 
 `` but i did not wish to harm you . 
 i simply wanted you to stay away from the spiritlands . 
 i would have enjoyed having you here instead . 
 but you 're missing the point , sweet harmonia . 
 everyone close to you lied to you . 
 cadmus , aphrodite , ares , hecate . '' 
 `` hecate ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` i completely forgot about her . 
 how did she betray us ? '' 
 he smiled and this time , there was danger in it . 
 he was a dangerous , dangerous man . 
 `` ah , hecate . 
 she did not do it willingly . 
 parents will do almost anything for their children . 
 her daughter was threatened and hecate was told that if she complied with the fates , her daughter would be released . 
 but that was n't their decision to make . '' 
 `` i did n't realize that she had a daughter . 
 where is she ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` here , '' he replied . 
 i shook my head as my shoulders slumped . 
 `` so , they threatened her . 
 is there nothing good in the world ? 
 is it all lies and deceit ? '' 
 `` perhaps so , '' he answered . 
 `` but the key is in finding beauty in the midst of ugliness . 
 and you are that , harmonia . 
 you are beauty in a complex , vast sea of black . '' 
 he moved to embrace me and for one moment , i allowed it . 
 i did n't trust him , but with the heavy knowledge that everyone around me had betrayed me , i just wanted to feel the comfort of someone . 
 anyone . 
 for just a minute . 
 and in that scant minute , while i allowed the god of the underworld to wrap his arms around me , cadmus stepped onto the terrace with ares and persephone right behind me . 
 `` what the hell is going on here ? '' 
 his dark eyes snapped and he moved quickly to shove hades away from me . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i screeched , throwing myself at him , pummeling his rock hard chest with my fists . 
 `` how could you ? 
 cadmus , i trusted you . 
 out of everyone in the world , i trusted you . 
 and you have betrayed me more than anyone else ever could . '' 
 he stood still and watched me in shock as he tried to make sense of what i was saying . 
 `` i do n't know what you mean , '' he answered uncertainly . 
 `` what did i do ? '' 
 `` you do n't even know ? '' 
 i shrieked . 
 `` you have ruined everything and you ca n't even remember it . 
 i will never trust you again . '' 
 `` hades , '' persephone began , looking from her husband to me . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 `` ah , my love . 
 poor harmonia has just discovered that she can not trust anyone around her . 
 they have all betrayed her . 
 is n't that horrible ? '' 
 persephone was puzzled and turned to ares . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` nothing ! '' 
 he thundered . 
 `` you are lying ! '' 
 he grabbed hades and even without his powers , he threw hades into the wall . 
 hades straightened and smoothed his clothing calmly . 
 `` i assure you it is true . 
 she saw it for herself . '' 
 `` then i want to see also , '' cadmus interrupted . 
 `` now . 
 show me what i did . '' 
 `` then drink , '' hades waved toward the fountain . 
 `` both of you . '' 
 ares and cadmus strode toward the fountain with matching steps and quickly scooped water into their mouths with their hands . 
 i numbly waited . 
 i was still so dumbfounded that i could n't think . 
 what was i supposed to do now that i could n't trust anyone ? 
 after a moment , cadmus turned to me , his face filled with pain . 
 `` harmonia , i had no choice . 
 surely you can see that . 
 zeus gave me no alternative . '' 
 for once ares remained silent . 
 he knew there was nothing to say . 
 i watched my husband , the man who i knew every inch of , every thought , every dream ... and i could n't think past the pain of betrayal . 
 it felt as though my entire world had shattered . 
 because if there was no trust , then what was there at all ? 
 `` cadmus , you purposely kept it from me . 
 you lied . 
 i had no choice or say in it at all . 
 and your lies are why i ca n't forgive you . '' 
 hot tears streaked down my cheeks and blurred my vision . 
 cadmus rushed to soothe me , but i pushed him away . 
 `` no . 
 do n't touch me . '' 
 `` you honestly ca n't forgive me ? '' 
 the pain in his gaze gave me pause and ripped my heart out , but i could n't lie . 
 `` you honestly ca n't understand the position that i was in ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 've always trusted you as no other and you have destroyed that . 
 i do n't know if it is fixable . 
 if only you had n't chosen to lie to me ... then , perhaps . 
 but now ... '' my voice cracked with pain and trailed off . 
 i struggled to avoid weeping . 
 `` but harmonia , can you not see that he was pushed into a corner by zeus ? '' 
 ares interjected , his dark gaze thoughtful . 
 `` surely you know that he would never knowingly hurt you . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` and you . '' 
 my voice turned to ice . 
 `` you and mother lied to me as well . 
 you all treated me like i was a child - too simple to make up my own mind or know the truth . '' 
 `` it was n't like that , '' ares protested , holding up his large hands . 
 `` harmonia , we were not given a choice either . 
 you know zeus . 
 he had already made up his mind . '' 
 `` but you did n't have to lie , '' i answered quietly . 
 `` none of you did . 
 but each of you did it anyway . 
 you betrayed me . 
 i ca n't be with you right now . '' 
 i turned my back on them and struggled to maintain my composure . 
 tears dripped down my face and it did n't matter to me that i was standing in hades ' palace in the underworld . 
 the visions that i had on the hillside on the necromanteion came rushing back to me . 
 betrayed . 
 and i had thought it was hecate and that was devastating enough . 
 but instead , it had been everyone that i loved . 
 `` i need to be alone for awhile , '' i mumbled quietly . 
 persephone wrapped an arm around my waist . 
 `` of course , '' she answered . 
 `` i 'm sorry , harmonia . 
 i really am . 
 i 'll show you to a bedroom and you can rest . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` not the same bedroom as aphrodite , '' i warned . 
 `` i need time alone to think . '' 
 `` absolutely , '' she answered and i allowed her to lead me from the room . 
 as we turned the corner , i glanced back . 
 cadmus looked shattered . 
 his broad shoulders were slumped and he hung his head . 
 he looked up and met my gaze and i could have drowned in the pain that i found in his eyes . 
 but it did n't change what he had done . 
 as a goddess who had always been surrounded by the politics and back-stabbing of olympus , i needed to know that i could trust my husband to always tell me the truth , to always be on my side . 
 i suddenly felt more alone than i had ever been . 
 * * * it was dark when i opened my eyes . 
 i glanced around quickly . 
 i was in a lavish bedchamber in the middle of a sea of silken bedclothes . 
 dark curtains had been drawn , blocking out the light . 
 i took a minute to adjust to the darkness . 
 my eyes were puffy since i had cried myself to sleep and i rubbed impatiently at them . 
 `` you 're awake . '' 
 a quiet voice came from the corner and i strained to see . 
 hades was sitting in a chair , watching me . 
 `` i brought you flowers from the gardens , '' he said quietly . 
 `` you seemed to enjoy them earlier . 
 i thought you might like some in your room . '' 
 i glanced at the vase on the bed stand . 
 the orange and pink blossoms filled the room with their rich fragrance . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 it is a small thing , but i thought it might make you happy . '' 
 `` how long have i been sleeping ? '' 
 `` not long . 
 a few hours . 
 you needed to rest . 
 and here in my home , you can replenish your energy . 
 have i mentioned how extraordinary you are ? 
 simply being around you makes me feel peaceful . '' 
 `` well , i am the goddess of peace . 
 maybe that has something to do with it , '' i replied ruefully . 
 `` is that why you were watching me sleep ? 
 you enjoy tranquility ? '' 
 he examined me for a moment , his dark gaze thoughtful . 
 `` i enjoy peace at times , '' he answered slowly . 
 `` there is a time and place for everything . '' 
 he stood and approached the bed , sitting on the edge near me . 
 `` harmonia , i am not what most people think that i am . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow as i tried to inconspicuously move away from him . 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` really . 
 it 's true . 
 think about it , harmonia . 
 are you what everyone thinks that you are ? 
 you are the chosen one . 
 everyone thinks that you have a plan , that you have the knowledge and the power to put zeus back into his rightful place . 
 that you are confident and assured that every move you make is the right one . 
 is that the case ? '' 
 he studied me again . 
 `` because i think it is not . 
 i think you are a beautiful woman who has been forced into a position that she hates . 
 so much pressure has been placed upon you and you have never asked for it . 
 you do n't know exactly what to do especially now that everyone around you has betrayed you . '' 
 he picked up my hand . 
 `` am i right ? '' 
 i swallowed hard . 
 he had long fingers and they were curled around my own . 
 and he was not wrong . 
 i hated my position because i had no idea what to do . 
 `` i thought so , '' he said with satisfaction . 
 `` so , see , lovely one ? 
 people are not what others sometimes think they are . '' 
 `` if you are not the dark lord that people believe , '' i started tentatively . 
 `` then , what are you ? '' 
 i could n't help but study his face as he spoke . 
 he was handsome in a very exquisite way . 
 i knew i should be running as far away as i could from him , but i ached to be closer and that scared me . 
 i dropped his hand and scooted across the bed . 
 he chuckled , but remained where he was . 
 `` i know you feel it , too , '' he murmured . 
 `` but i 'm patient . 
 so i will wait . 
 what am i , you ask ? '' 
 he pondered that for a moment , running his long fingers up and down the length of the bed next to him idly as he thought . 
 `` that is a very complex question . 
 but here is a truth . 
 there is no one person , god or mortal , who is all goodness and light or all darkness and shadows . 
 each of us is comprised of varying shades of gray . '' 
 `` and what shade are you ? '' 
 i asked tremulously . 
 i felt my lower lip shake as i spoke . 
 `` are you lighter shades or do you fall more toward black ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i 'm not a color wheel , harmonia . 
 like anyone else , i 'm comprised of a little bit of everything . 
 i 'm not a monster , i assure you . 
 i 'm just a man and i do what i need to do . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` just a man ? 
 you 're a god . 
 the god of the underworld , no less . 
 and the things that you ` need ' to do are sometimes heinous , horrible things . '' 
 his dark eyes glittered and i felt as though he was impaling me with them . 
 i felt like i could n't move away from the pillows that i was propped upon . 
 `` what about my brother ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 `` do you feel that zeus is kind and gentle ? 
 he is not . 
 he forced you into thousands of years of misery - simply to ensure that you would save him at a later date . 
 he was willing to sacrifice you for himself . '' 
 `` not just for himself , '' i protested . 
 `` i do n't like what he did , but i do understand that it was for the good of everyone in the spiritlands . 
 and i have n't been sacrificed . 
 i 'm not dead . 
 i 'm still here , alive and well . '' 
 hades shook his head slowly , as if he was lamenting the fact that i was an innocent child . 
 `` are you well ? 
 you 're cowering in one of my guest chambers in the dark and your beautiful eyes are red from crying . 
 harmonia , you do n't always need to be so good and kind . 
 just once , you can curse him for doing this to you . 
 it 's alright . 
 no one will hear you but me . '' 
 i met his gaze and lifted my chin . 
 `` yes , sometimes i feel like cursing and screaming . 
 but it wo n't do any good . 
 this situation is what it is . 
 and i do n't actually understand it , to tell you the truth . 
 what is your part in this ? 
 why are you still so interested in me ? '' 
 `` what a strange question , chosen one . '' 
 he moved closer to me and ran his fingers along my forearm , lightly circling my birthmark . 
 `` you are exquisite and kind and beautiful . 
 and something about you is so very vulnerable . 
 i have this unexplainable urge to protect you . '' 
 his black gaze caught mine and he moved his fingers to my face , rubbing his thumb lightly along my bottom lip . 
 `` let me protect you , harmonia . 
 please . 
 you would n't have to fight anymore or carry the weight of the world on your shoulders . 
 i would fight for you . '' 
 breath exhaled from my lips in a rush . 
 until he uttered those words , i did n't even realize how weary i was of all the pressure that had been placed upon me . 
 it was truly exhausting . 
 and i ached to simply hand it to hades . 
 he made it sound so easy . 
 but a truth that i knew was that when something sounded so easy , it was never the right thing to do . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i answered simply . 
 `` you 're asking me to switch sides ... to change from good to bad . 
 i can not do it . '' 
 he threw his head back and laughed a mirthless laugh . 
 `` from good to bad ? 
 have you not listened to me at all ? 
 zeus is not good and i am not bad . 
 we are simply what we are ... comprised of both good and bad . 
 both of us ... we each simply have a different agenda . 
 that is all . '' 
 `` his agenda is better for me , '' i replied coolly . 
 `` his plan includes my husband , while yours is simply keeping me here in the underworld with you . 
 and speaking of my husband , where is he ? '' 
 his expression changed to one of neutral innocence , something that made me wary . 
 `` he is here , '' he answered . 
 `` i 'm keeping him from you for the time being , as you requested . 
 you wanted some time alone to think and you shall have it . 
 do n't forget that they all lied to you , darling . '' 
 `` as if i could , '' i muttered . 
 `` are they safe ? '' 
 his face clouded over for a minute , but he quickly masked his displeasure . 
 `` of course . 
 they are guests in my palace . 
 no one shall get to them . '' 
 his answer made me uneasy . 
 but why in the world would n't it ? 
 i was secluded in a darkened bedchamber with the god of the underworld trying to seduce me while i was at odds with my husband . 
 i 'd be crazy not to be worried . 
 chapter seven snip . 
 i pictured a frayed ribbon connecting me with my mother , my father and my husband . 
 it was old and tattered and coming apart , but was still woven between and around us all , tying us together with a unified bond . 
 snip . 
 an imaginary pair of scissors cut through it , the shiny blades separating my tattered bonds with the people i had loved the most . 
 snip . 
 the blades flashed once more and the ragged ribbons fell to pieces in the wind . 
 i shook my head , trying to shake away the disturbing thoughts . 
 i still loved my family . 
 of course i did . 
 it was just so incredibly hard to get past the lies . 
 when i thought about all of the mortal lives we had lived together , all of the pain , all of the heartache ... it killed me that they had all knowingly cast me into that without telling me . 
 it pierced my heart and i felt like i could n't breathe . 
 they were everything to me . 
 but they were n't who i thought . 
 the people that i thought i knew were always honest with me , because they loved me . 
 they loved me . 
 that thought kept plaguing me despite my pain . 
 and i knew they loved me still . 
 just as i loved them . 
 i knew that cadmus was probably beside himself , worrying about me , wondering what i was thinking or feeling . 
 i gulped . 
 what a hideous , distorted mess . 
 but there was still one bond that was undisturbed , still as pure as it ever was . 
 raquel . 
 a vision of her sweet face filled my head . 
 her dark hair and jade green eyes , so like my own . 
 i had n't really even had a chance to get to know her , because the fates had hid her from me for so long . 
 but my heart knew her . 
 and i wanted her back . 
 i dipped my hand into the fountain of truth , watching as the water poured through my fingers . 
 i sat on the marble steps leading up to it , leaning against the cool stone . 
 true to his promise , hades had allowed me privacy for the last couple of days . 
 he had prevented everyone from coming to see me , allowing me the utmost of quiet and solitude . 
 he 'd allowed me to simply linger in my rooms alone . 
 no one bothered me . 
 my mind felt numb , like i could n't really grasp the hurtful things that i had recently learned . 
 i was well aware that it was my body 's defense mechanism . 
 shock always did that to a person ... enveloped them in a cocoon of decreased sensitivity to allow them to process their hurt . 
 i was still trying and it was n't coming easily . 
 so today , i thought i would venture out to the fountain to see if i could discover where in the underworld raquel was being kept . 
 i focused on her , on her sweet little face , as i dipped the cup into the bubbling water and drew it to my lips to drink . 
 the cold water slipped fluidly down my throat and i took another drink , patiently waiting to see visions of my daughter . 
 but that is not what i saw . 
 instead , i saw an intimate moment with hecate and her lover , mormo . 
 i almost blushed as i realized what i was watching . 
 they were entwined in twisted sheets , their arms wrapped around each other . 
 the story of mormo and hecate was an old one and certainly not one that i had ever given much thought to , since it was n't my business . 
 he had been her consort for a long time . 
 or i guess i should say , it had been her consort . 
 mormo was androgynous in the way that only an immortal could be . 
 he could morph from female to male at his will , although he typically chose the male form . 
 he was a vampire-like spirit who had wandered time for ages and ages . 
 for a reason that no one knew , he had been cursed by zeus to drink the blood of mortal children in order to remain immortal . 
 hecate had fallen wildly in love with him and no one knew if he had managed to bewitch her of if she had truly just fallen for his charms . 
 he did n't remain consistently by her side , in fact , he only visited her every few years . 
 he never remained in one place very long . 
 he was a wanderer and no one knew that much about him except that he had been cursed to roam as a blood-drinker . 
 but since he was in my vision today , i had a rare glimpse at his elusive face . 
 he was thin and pale , with dark hair and gray eyes . 
 he was n't strikingly handsome , but he had an air of something special about him , something compelling . 
 he whispered into hecate 's ear and she moved closer to him with a sigh . 
 `` i hate it that you always leave , '' she murmured . 
 `` why must you ? '' 
 he smiled and moved away , rolling from the bed and pulling on his clothing . 
 `` because i must , '' he answered . 
 `` i 'll return . '' 
 and then he was gone and the vision changed . 
 hecate was watching a little girl run through a beautiful garden . 
 the girl had long , dark hair that streaked behind her as she ran and she turned laughingly to look at her mother . 
 her eyes were gray - the same shade as mormo 's and i realized with a start that i had seen them before . 
 i had dreamed of them not too long ago . 
 she was the woman who had asked for my help . 
 `` empusa ! '' 
 hecate called , `` we must go . 
 we have things to do . '' 
 `` but i want to stay here , mama , '' empusa answered . 
 `` it 's happy here . '' 
 and she was right - it was why i loved gardens myself . 
 they always seemed happy and peaceful . 
 hecate smiled lovingly at her . 
 `` my child , we 'll come back . 
 come with me now . '' 
 she took her arm and they walked away and my vision distorted once again . 
 this time , empusa was in a dark place filled with shadows . 
 she was older and breathtakingly beautiful , just as she had been in my dream . 
 her skin was pale and shimmery as she moved through the dark . 
 she murmured softly to someone and my vision expanded to reveal another person in the shadows . 
 a child . 
 i gasped and my heart thundered . 
 raquel . 
 empusa reached out and snatched deep red berries from my daughter 's hands . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 `` you must never eat here . 
 promise me , little one . '' 
 raquel nodded , her face smudged with dirt , making her jade green eyes all the more luminous . 
 `` okay , '' she replied tremulously . 
 `` but i 'm so hungry . 
 i 've been here so long . 
 i do n't like it here , em . '' 
 `` i know , '' empusa answered . 
 `` we just have to hide a little longer . '' 
 she reached out to brush raquel 's hair out of her face before turning to me , locking her gray gaze with my own . 
 `` hurry , '' she implored . 
 my breath caught on my lips . 
 `` harmonia , what in the world are you doing out here ? '' 
 the startled voice came from behind me and my vision turned black . 
 i turned to find persephone emerging from the palace onto the terrace , obviously surprised to find me outside . 
 `` why are you drinking from the fountain ? '' 
 she asked curiously . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 `` i saw my daughter , '' i answered shakily . 
 `` with hecate 's daughter . 
 do you know anything about this ? 
 do you know where they are ? '' 
 she watched me with sympathy as she approached . 
 `` there are many , many things that i do not know , '' she told me . 
 `` hades does not share everything with me , unlike the bond that you and cadmus share . 
 i love hades with every breath that i take , but our love is different from yours . 
 you love only each other . 
 hades and i. . . 
 we 're different . '' 
 `` why should that concern me ? '' 
 i stared into her eyes . 
 `` i do not care about your relationship . '' 
 `` you should , '' she replied . 
 `` because it will affect you today . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 i asked curiously , noting for the first time that she carried something partially hidden in her skirt . 
 `` what are you holding ? '' 
 `` i was on my way to your rooms , '' she explained . 
 `` i have something for you . '' 
 `` why would you want to help me ? '' 
 i asked , slightly suspicious . 
 `` because ... i do not want you here , '' she explained simply . 
 `` i have nothing against you personally , my dear . 
 but hades is entirely too infatuated with you . 
 you must leave . '' 
 i stared at her in shock . 
 before i could speak , she laughed . 
 `` you thought i did n't know ? 
 of course i knew . 
 i know my husband like the back of my own hand . 
 he has desired you for a very long time - before he had even set eyes on you . 
 but hades ... well , when he desires things , it is simply to keep them . 
 just like an art collection . 
 he enjoys surrounding himself with things that he considers lovely . 
 it is me he loves , however , even if he samples other things of beauty from time to time . '' 
 i suddenly saw persephone for what she was . 
 a woman in love with her husband , even despite of his faults . 
 `` so , how are you planning to help me ? '' 
 she lifted her hand and in it , she held hades ' helm of darkness . 
 i gasped and she smiled a thin smile . 
 `` i know . 
 he will kill me when he finds out . 
 well , not literally . 
 please do n't use it against him . 
 he is ... not what you think . 
 he 's vulnerable on the inside and he can be kind . 
 i do not wish him harmed . 
 please , only use it for what you need . '' 
 i nodded slowly , reaching out trembling fingers to take it from her . 
 it appeared as a simple warrior 's helmet , made from bronze . 
 but i knew of its powers . 
 it was far from simple . 
 `` now , '' she said briskly . 
 `` you need to leave . 
 your family needs your help . '' 
 i looked at her questioningly . 
 `` my family ? '' 
 she nodded , looking over her shoulder . 
 `` your parents and your husband are in the dungeons . 
 hades is keeping them there , but i know that he intends to transfer them to the dungeon of the damned , so you must hurry . '' 
 `` why would he do that ? '' 
 i cried . 
 `` they have n't done anything to deserve damnation ! '' 
 she nodded sadly . 
 `` i agree . 
 but sometimes , a reason is not needed here . 
 your parents are good people , harmonia . 
 and your husband loves you with all of his heart . 
 i know that you do not want them harmed , even if you are angry with them right now . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' i agreed . 
 `` i would never want them harmed . 
 how do i get to them ? '' 
 `` the helm will render you invisible , '' she answered . 
 `` you will be able to slip in and free them , but getting out with be a trick . 
 there is a hidden corridor behind the forging fires . 
 if you can get to it , you can escape . 
 here is the key . '' 
 she handed me a large brass key , which i clutched tightly in my hand . 
 `` use care , harmonia . 
 hades will hunt for you for all of eternity . '' 
 the thought sent chills down my spine . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 she nudged me . 
 `` go . 
 you must be quick . '' 
 i took off running , slipping the helmet on as i ran . 
 interesting enough , my hands and arms faded away and i realized that i was , indeed , invisible . 
 no one could see me . 
 as i picked up speed , i realized one other thing . 
 i was running immortally fast . 
 the helmet was blocking the limitations of the underworld - my goddess abilities were back . 
 i sighed a breath of relief as i blurred down the hallway in a streak toward the basement . 
 i made good time . 
 i was standing outside of the massive iron doors within minutes . 
 cautiously , i slipped inside . 
 it was like a different world in the dungeons as opposed to the beauty of the palace above . 
 it was dark , with the only light coming from wide-spaced torches on the walls . 
 it smelled musty and dank and the walls were covered in condensation . 
 low moans echoed throughout the halls and i was instantly filled with trepidation . 
 what had hades done to my family ? 
 they were n't able to defend themselves ... they did n't have their abilities here . 
 as i walked , my heart sank . 
 the dungeons were composed of a labyrinth of halls and corridors . 
 each corridor was lined with musty cells , with prisoners of every type contained within . 
 but as i searched , i realized something . 
 my thoughts were being invaded by the sound of the prisoner 's thoughts . 
 because i was wearing the helm and my goddess abilities had returned , i was able to once again read thoughts . 
 obviously , i could block them out if i chose , but instead , i focused in and tried to hear cadmus , aphrodite or ares . 
 for a while , all i could hear was the sad , depressing thoughts of prisoners . 
 i kept looking in each cell as i ran , trying to find a familiar face . 
 but then my name stuck out and i honed in . 
 cadmus . 
 he was thinking of me . 
 he was picturing me , and through his thoughts , i could see what i looked like as i had left with persephone . 
 i looked fragile and heartbroken - exactly what i had felt like . 
 he had no way of knowing that i felt stronger now and he was devastated at my rejection of him . 
 my heart twinged and i desperately wished that i could forgive and forget everything that had happened . 
 i loved him with every ounce of my being . 
 i could n't imagine my life without him , yet i could n't make my heart forgive him , either . 
 shaking that thought from my mind , i focused harder , following the thoughts as they grew louder and i knew i was close to him . 
 turning a final corner , the room opened into a large , dark room . 
 hanging from the walls , guarded by two hideous guards , was my family . 
 it was clear that they had been beaten . 
 aphrodite had blood streaking from her temple , dripping onto her clothing . 
 her eyes were closed as she hung limply from her wrists . 
 her fingers were turning blue from lack of circulation . 
 ares ' eyes were wide open and furious . 
 he also hung from manacles and he was a bloody mess . 
 he was covered in bruises and welts and it was obvious to me that he had resisted and they had beaten him all the more for it . 
 cadmus was the same . 
 my husband was covered in blood . 
 and i felt certain that he had fought as much as he could to escape so that he could get to me . 
 i could see the blood seeping from his wrists around the steel manacles where he had tried to work them loose . 
 my eyes filled with tears . 
 they might have lied to me , but i loved them . 
 and this was no place for them . 
 turning , i appraised the guards . 
 they had the gray , ashen skin of the undead . 
 and i regretted the decision that we had made to leave zeus ' sword with ahmose for safekeeping . 
 for the crime of hurting my loved ones , i would like to kill these guards , bring them back and kill them over and over until i felt like justice had been served . 
 but once would have to do . 
 i quietly lifted a heavy sword from a bracket on the wall and in one deft blow , i impaled them both . 
 both ares and cadmus snapped up their heads , straining to see what had happened . 
 `` it 's me , '' i called out as i approached . 
 `` i 'm wearing the helm . '' 
 i took it off as i stood in front of them . 
 ares face erupted into a grin . 
 `` harmonia ! 
 thank the gods ! 
 get your mother down first , would you ? '' 
 obediently , i raced to aphrodite 's side and crushed her manacles in my grip , catching her as she slipped down the wall . 
 she barely opened her eyes , in fact , one of them was nearly swollen closed . 
 anger boiled up from deep within . 
 this atrocity would be avenged . 
 i laid her gently on the ground while i freed my father and cadmus . 
 as i broke cadmus ' locks , he embraced me gently , even though i knew it must hurt him . 
 his arms were covered in bruises and blood . 
 `` please forgive me , harmonia . 
 i love you . '' 
 his gaze implored me . 
 `` this is killing me . '' 
 my heart cracked . 
 `` i love you , too , '' i murmured . 
 `` and i want to forgive you . 
 i 'm trying . '' 
 he dropped his head . 
 `` that 's all i can ask , i suppose . '' 
 i gazed around the room . 
 `` where are ortrera and her warriors ? '' 
 ares motioned toward an adjoining room . 
 `` in there . 
 come help me ? '' 
 we flew into the next room and found my sister and her small army waiting . 
 they were no worse for the wear than the others , but they tried hard to conceal their pain . 
 it was simply in their nature . 
 i grimaced for her , however , when ortrera took a step and her ankle cracked . 
 it sounded as if it had been broken . 
 i handed her the helm . 
 `` here . 
 put this on . 
 it will allow your goddess abilities to return while you wear it - and your foot can heal so that you can walk . 
 you should all take turns wearing it - but aphrodite gets it next . '' 
 everyone nodded their agreement . 
 `` we must hurry , '' i told them as i glanced nervously over my shoulder . 
 `` hades is planning on moving you to the dungeon of the damned , although i do n't know when . 
 it could be any time . '' 
 ortrera healed in record time and was able to walk again within a few minutes . 
 we crept down the corridor in search of the forging fires that persephone had spoke of . 
 and it did n't take long to find them . 
 they were enormous and took up one entire massive room . 
 workers shoveled iron into the fire to heat it and then laid the pieces on a huge stone slab to form them into various shapes with hammers . 
 the sound was deafening . 
 there was an entire room of workers and we had only one helmet . 
 we looked at each other and at the same time , ortrera and i said , `` ares . '' 
 he nodded and took the helm from her , putting it on and instantly was rendered invisible . 
 we scarcely had time to think before the entire room of workers were lying dead on the floor and ares was once again standing in front of us . 
 `` let 's go , then , '' he said nonchalantly as he motioned us toward the hall leading behind the fires . 
 it led to another set of heavy doors , which i unlocked with the brass key that persephone had given me . 
 no one questioned why i had it or how i had come to get it . 
 instead , the entire group remained silent as we raced through the passage that would lead us to freedom . 
 chapter eight as soon as we burst from the darkened corridor to the outside , i drew in a deep breath and looked around . 
 almost instantly , a cloud of red butterflies descended upon us . 
 `` thanks , ahmose , '' i whispered . 
 i knew that he was somehow watching us and helping us in what limited ways that he could . 
 `` where should we go ? '' 
 aphrodite asked . 
 ares was carrying her , although since she was wearing the helm , she was invisible . 
 i looked ahead of us and saw the thousands of heads of the undead army guarding the palace . 
 `` not that way , '' i muttered quickly . 
 we spun around and circled around the palace and continued on behind it . 
 `` we can not stop right now , '' ares stated calmly . 
 `` i wish that we could stop long enough to allow everyone to heal , but we can not . 
 hades will deploy an army to find us as soon as he discovers that we are gone . '' 
 i nodded in agreement . 
 `` he will stop at nothing to find us . 
 i know that much to be true . '' 
 we walked quickly forward . 
 the terrain was easy , flat plains and low hills . 
 the ground was soft under our feet . 
 `` i should tell you ... '' i began and glanced around at the others . 
 they stopped and waited for me to finish speaking . 
 `` i should tell you what i know . '' 
 ares nodded . 
 `` then speak , daughter . 
 although know this , when we have a moment , you and i are going to have a discussion . '' 
 i ignored the last part of his statement and continued . 
 `` i think that raquel is in tartara . 
 i saw a vision - she was with hecate 's daughter , empusa . 
 it looks as though empusa is helping her , but i ca n't be sure . 
 they were surrounded by shadows and darkness ... which leads me to believe that they are in tartara . '' 
 cadmus clenched his jaw . 
 `` then we shall go , as well . '' 
 he reached out and grabbed my hand . 
 i enjoyed the warmth of his strong fingers wrapped around my own for just a minute before i pulled away . 
 i so wanted everything to go back to the way it was . 
 but i could n't forget the lies . 
 it prevented me from forgiving him . 
 even though i wanted to . 
 he sighed , but remained at my side , leaning in to whisper in my ear . 
 `` i 'll wait for you , my love . 
 forever , if i have to . '' 
 i nodded , my eyes filling with tears . 
 he gazed at me , his expression sad . 
 he reached out and wiped my tears away . 
 `` do n't cry , harmonia . 
 everything will be alright . '' 
 `` will it ? '' 
 i asked , my voice small and shaking . 
 i was n't so sure . 
 `` of course it will , '' ares interrupted . 
 `` we 'll talk more of it later . '' 
 i had to smile , just a little . 
 ares was so arrogant , which was one of the traits that i loved about him . 
 did he truly think that everything would be fine simply because he decreed it so ? 
 `` so , we go to tartara , '' aphrodite said . 
 `` we should move . 
 i feel much better now . 
 someone else can wear the helm . '' 
 she passed it to cadmus . 
 he tried to give it to one of ortrera 's warriors , but true to her nature , she insisted that he take it first . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' the muscled amazon insisted . 
 `` you should go first . '' 
 her legs shook with exhaustion and pain , so it was evident that she was not ` fine ' , but she would never admit that . 
 cadmus tried arguing with her for a few minutes before he realized that it was useless and he plunked the helm onto his head in resignation . 
 as i looked at his chiseled face staring from under the visor , i had visions of watching him spar and fight in egypt so long ago . 
 my husband had always been a warrior . 
 it was strange . 
 i was the goddess of peace , yet the two men i loved more than anyone in the world , my husband and my father , were warriors . 
 and that was a fact that would come in handy in tartara , i was certain . 
 i had never been there , but i had heard stories . 
 tartara was the place where the damned were sent , the heinous souls . 
 it was guarded by the eryines and contained the dungeon of the damned , where the most hideous of prisoners were punished for all of eternity . 
 it was said to be dark and desolate and it killed me to think that my daughter might be there . 
 `` we need to go , '' i breathed , quickly turning and walking quickly toward the horizon . 
 `` how do you know that you 're going the right way ? '' 
 aphrodite called . 
 i pointed upward at the cloud of butterflies that was lingering over my head directly in front of me . 
 `` i think ahmose is leading the way , '' i answered . 
 if someone had told me even last week that i would be following a swarm of butterflies to the gates of hell , i would have thought they were crazy . 
 but here i was . 
 once again , we walked for hours . 
 as we hiked onward , we felt fairly certain that we were going the right way because the sky darkened up as we continued . 
 the amazons rotated the helm throughout their numbers until everyone had healed up and then aphrodite and i passed it back and forth as our strength waned . 
 i actually started to wonder if this was the very reason why rhadamanthus had told us to acquire it in the first place . 
 he had probably known , just as ahmose had , what effects the underworld would have on the two of us . 
 my legs were feeling overwhelmingly weary when i noticed a glow to the sky in the horizon , right where the sky met the land . 
 as we continued on and drew closer , i realized that it was fire , a long line of it . 
 i studied it curiously , but could n't make heads or tails of it until we were upon it . 
 and then i realized what it was . 
 it was the river phlegethon ... or otherwise known as the river of fire . 
 i glanced down both lengths of it and it seemed to stretch on forever . 
 it was wide , far too wide to leap across , even wearing the helm . 
 the orange flames lapped up from the surface , grabbing at the fresh air that fed it . 
 i could feel the heat from the fire from here and i could n't see any way that we would be able to get through the flames to tartara 's gates . 
 my shoulders slumped and i sat abruptly on the ground , staring at the flames in desolation . 
 i was so , so tired . 
 too tired to even begin to think of a good plan . 
 before i had even realized it , cadmus sat next to me and pulled me into his lap . 
 i began to squirm away , but he held me fast . 
 `` do n't , '' he suggested . 
 `` just let me hold you . 
 it does n't mean that you 've forgiven me . 
 it only means that you 're still my wife and you 're allowing me to comfort you . '' 
 he was right and i knew it . 
 no matter what , no matter how hurt i was , he was my husband and i loved him more than anything . 
 i leaned my head against his strong chest . 
 he smelled like a man , like sweat and his familiar outdoorsy scent . 
 i inhaled it as i closed my eyes . 
 he stroked my back and allowed me to sit in silence for a few minutes . 
 i heard the others discussing the river and how to cross it , but i did n't even open my eyes . 
 instead , i silently cried . 
 the stress , the drama and the emotion from the past couple of days welled up in me and i could n't control it . 
 the tears began flowing . 
 as they did , my wrist started throbbing . 
 the outline of my birthmark began glowing and i startled , gripping it , although it did n't hurt . 
 `` what is happening ? '' 
 i murmured through my tears . 
 cadmus snatched up my wrist and examined it , but before he could say anything , ortrera shouted . 
 `` look ! '' 
 i followed her finger and gasped as the phoenix descended upon us . 
 it was massive and majestic as it swooped low over the river . 
 the flames from the river leapt up and bled into the flames of the phoenix . 
 its eyes were glowing and blue and they were fixated on me . 
 i suddenly knew that i had somehow called it . 
 it landed a short distance away from us and stood quietly , its large wings quivering every so often . 
 it was bigger than i remembered , as large as a small horse . 
 just as i remembered , it was made from flame , with brilliant blue eyes . 
 as it burned , it studied me and i felt compelled to get up and walk toward it . 
 i stood in front of it and it dipped low , as if bowing to me . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you do n't need to bow to me , '' i murmured . 
 it remained in position and i looked uncertainly at the others . 
 `` what do you think it wants ? '' 
 i could feel the fire from its wings heating my cheeks and cadmus grasped my hand . 
 `` i think it wants you to climb onto its back , '' he said quietly . 
 `` but i 'll get burned , '' i protested , staring once again at the bird . 
 one azure eye looked up at me . 
 it did certainly seem like it wanted me to crawl onto its back . 
 i took a shaky step . 
 `` remember the pit on calypso 's island ? '' 
 my mother questioned me . 
 `` after the phoenix appeared and you stepped into the fire , you did n't get burned . '' 
 the phoenix bowed even lower . 
 i caught a shaky breath and reached out to grip its neck . 
 his fire did not burn me . 
 cadmus grabbed my waist and thrust me up onto its back and then quickly swung up behind me . 
 i looked to him in alarm . 
 `` as if i 'd let you go alone , '' he admonished , raising his dark eyebrow . 
 the light from the phoenix reflected off of his shiny , dark hair making it almost seem as if he was glowing . 
 `` but you did n't know ... you could 've been burned . 
 you did n't know if i was the only one immune or not ... '' `` it was of no matter , '' he replied firmly . 
 `` i would never let you go alone . '' 
 my chest filled with warmth . 
 he was so brave and strong . 
 and he loved me so much . 
 i laid my hand on his sculpted thigh and twisted around to kiss his cheek . 
 i nodded silently , not trusting my voice as the phoenix stood and then took off into the night . 
 cadmus held fast to me and i gripped the phoenix ' neck as we flew a wide arc above the river . 
 flames billowed around us but we did n't so much as singe a hair . 
 as the phoenix dropped gracefully to the ground on the other side , it bowed low once more to allow us to dismount . 
 before i could even say anything , it was gone again . 
 it returned quickly with ares and aphrodite on its back and then made several more trips for the amazons . 
 after everyone had joined us , the bird screamed into the night and took off . 
 it had disappeared into the darkness before i could even blink . 
 `` well , that 's that , then , '' aphrodite murmured as she moved to my side . 
 `` that bird has come in handy more than once . '' 
 i nodded in agreement . 
 `` it certainly has . 
 i just wish that i knew how i summon it . 
 it always just seems to appear when it is needed . '' 
 she stared thoughtfully into the night sky . 
 `` i think you are connected to it . 
 and perhaps that is the true nature of your birthmark . 
 perhaps it senses when you need it and it comes . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' i chewed my lip . 
 `` but that 's neither here nor there now . '' 
 i glanced around us . 
 this side of the river did n't look much different from the other side . 
 but the entrance to tartara loomed ahead of us . 
 i could sense it more than i could actually see it . 
 a bone-numbing cold emanated from that area and i shirked away as i stared into the dark . 
 it looked like an enormous cave with massive boulders on each side . 
 i could hear wails coming from within and it sent chills up my spine . 
 near the entrance , there was a huge gray boulder to the left . 
 the feeling of foreboding was almost overwhelming as i examined our situation . 
 the heat from the river phlegethon warmed my back and calves as i stood silent and still . 
 and then the breeze came from the south , rustling the hair on my shoulders and bringing with it a horrible , acrid odor ... one i had certainly smelled before . 
 `` dragon , '' cadmus said quietly . 
 we all peered closer into the night and found that the giant ` boulder ' in front of the entrance was actually an enormous reptile . 
 it appeared to be sleeping , but it was most certainly a dragon . 
 its gray scales glistened in the light of the river and his massive tail , curled around its side , had sharp spikes lining it all the way to the tip . 
 large black claws curved into the ground , scratching every so often even in its sleep . 
 `` i 'm so sick of dragons , '' i muttered . 
 `` seriously , just once , could we do something without encountering one ? '' 
 `` it does n't look that way , '' cadmus said , turning to me with a confident grin . 
 `` but you 're in luck . 
 i 'm a dragon specialist . '' 
 he held his hand out for the helm of darkness . 
 `` aphrodite , may i ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` of course , '' she replied quickly , snatching it off and handing it to him . 
 `` just be careful . '' 
 he rolled his eyes and gestured toward the dragon 's back leg . 
 `` this one is chained . 
 it will be child 's play . 
 he is used to keeping people in , not keeping people out . 
 he wo n't be expecting me . '' 
 `` and why would he ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` normal people are n't clamoring to get into the bowels of hell . '' 
 with one last cocky grin , cadmus pulled the helmet onto his head and he was gone . 
 i could no longer see him . 
 we all held our breath as we watched the dragon and we knew the exact moment when he heard cadmus approach . 
 he lifted his massive head and stared into the night , his breath exhaling from his nose like steam . 
 he looked one way , then the other and then forward in puzzlement . 
 it was almost comical . 
 and then he lurched to his feet , throwing his head back with a scream . 
 blood dripped from his neck in thick , black streams . 
 cadmus had made contact . 
 the enormous reptile whirled around , screeching loudly as it searched for its attacker . 
 but of course it could n't see anything . 
 cadmus was invisible . 
 it spun around again , its tail whirling like a whip . 
 it was so heavy that every time it moved , the ground shook around us . 
 it reared up on its hind legs , the heavy chain that confined it rattling loudly before it crashed back to the ground , its eyes rolling wildly . 
 it was the strangest thing . 
 we could not see cadmus , we could only see evidence of the unseen battle in the wounds that were appearing on the dragon . 
 a long , thin line of blood appeared on its side . 
 another wound . 
 then it screamed once more , throwing its head this way and that , another gaping hole evident in the side of its neck . 
 black blood gushed and its giant head dropped to the ground , its massive sides heaving as it attempted to draw in air . 
 its attempts were short-lived . 
 it was n't long before its chest shuddered to a stop and it stopped breathing . 
 and i started again . 
 inhaling deeply , i searched the night for my husband . 
 i did n't see him and i fought panic . 
 where was he ? 
 i scanned the darkness again , and he came into focus as he limped up to us , pulling off the helmet . 
 blood had drenched his clothes , and not the black blood of the dragon . 
 his clothing was drenched with red blood ... his own . 
 i gasped and rushed to him and as i got closer i saw the sharp leathery spike in his shoulder . 
 `` from its tail , '' cadmus explained with his jaw clenched tightly . 
 `` the beast got me by accident as it spun around . '' 
 ares pushed past me and ripped cadmus ' shirt off , leaning close to examine the wound . 
 my husband 's blood pulsed around the base of the spike and ares wadded up the ripped shirt and pressed it around the gaping hole . 
 `` we need the witch , '' he muttered . 
 `` of all of the times for her to turn traitor ... '' `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked in alarm . 
 `` just put the helm back on him . 
 he 'll heal . '' 
 ares shook his head . 
 `` daughter , you know that dragons have their own magic . 
 we need special magic of our own to combat that . 
 and i do n't know any , do you ? '' 
 he glowered up at me as he hovered above my husband and i silently shook my head . 
 he knew that i did n't . 
 my breath exhaled in short pants . 
 `` then what should we do ? '' 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' cadmus insisted , but he was grinding his teeth together from the pain . 
 i rushed to him , clutching his arm . 
 `` do n't die , '' i pleaded with him . 
 `` please , do n't die . 
 we 'll figure out something . '' 
 he gazed down at me , his dark eyes reflecting the fire of the river , his jaw clenched with pain . 
 `` you care , then ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` if i live or die ? '' 
 `` of course i care ! '' 
 i replied angrily . 
 `` how could you even ask that ? 
 i 'm angry with you , but i 'll never stop loving you . '' 
 he reached up with a bloody hand and stroked the side of my cheek . 
 as he moved , the rusty scent of blood filled my nose and my cheek was sticky where he had touched . 
 my heart raced . 
 i could n't let him die . 
 `` zeus , '' i breathed . 
 `` we must find zeus - he can heal cadmus . '' 
 `` we must also find our daughter before hades does , '' cadmus replied huskily . 
 `` i 'm sure he will want to use her against us now , harmonia . 
 he must surely know that we are gone by now . '' 
 realization settled upon me like a wet blanket . 
 they were probably pursuing us even as we spoke . 
 `` yes , '' i agreed quickly . 
 `` i 'm sure they are on their way . 
 what do you suggest we do , ares ? '' 
 my father pondered that , his forehead wrinkled as he kept his hands pressed to cadmus ' wound . 
 `` we should continue our course , '' he finally said . 
 `` and let us begin with tartara since we are already here . '' 
 `` but what about zeus ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` we must find him to save cadmus . '' 
 ares shifted his gaze to me and his dark eyes were calm . 
 `` harmonia , we do n't know where to begin . 
 we are already here , so this is where we should start . 
 and there is one thing that you are forgetting . 
 zeus ' sword . 
 it can take away life , but it can also give it back . '' 
 i stared into his serious face . 
 he thought cadmus was going to die before we could even reach zeus . 
 i put a hand to my chest and took a deep breath . 
 ares continued quietly . 
 `` we 're as mortals right now , daughter . 
 no mortal could survive that . 
 he 's losing too much blood . '' 
 i looked at my husband . 
 ortrera and aphrodite had helped him to the ground and his eyes were closed . 
 his bronzed skin was turning pale already from loss of blood . 
 i dropped to my knees next to him , clasping his hand . 
 `` cadmus , '' i murmured . 
 `` open your eyes . '' 
 his chocolate eyes fluttered open , framed in a fringe of long lashes . 
 by the gods , he was beautiful , even now . 
 i brushed his hair out of his eyes and he leaned into my hand . 
 `` do n't die , '' i instructed . 
 `` stay awake , cadmus . 
 we 'll find zeus . 
 he 'll save you , but you must fight until we find him . 
 do you hear me ? '' 
 `` do you forgive me ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` can you forgive me for keeping the truth from you so long ago ? 
 if i could take it back and re-do it i would , i promise you . '' 
 he coughed and i saw blood on the corner of his mouth . 
 i swallowed hard as i wiped it away . 
 `` i ca n't die thinking that you ca n't forgive me , harmonia . '' 
 `` you ca n't die at all ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` cadmus , please . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i know you did n't mean to hurt me . 
 i forgive you - i do . 
 but you can not die . '' 
 he nodded weakly . 
 `` i 'll try not to . '' 
 he closed his eyes again and rested his head against my lap . 
 `` it 's alright , my sweet , '' i whispered , leaning down to kiss his forehead . 
 `` rest now . '' 
 `` we need to move , '' ares said as he stared down at me . 
 `` i know , '' i answered . 
 `` why does this keep happening , ares ? 
 why ? 
 i 've lost him in every life that i ever lived and even now , with the fates gone , i 'm going to lose him again . '' 
 `` it 's your bloodstone , '' he answered softly . 
 `` you know that it is cursed , harmonia . 
 until the day that you no longer own it , misfortune will continue to follow you . '' 
 anger exploded inside of me and i could barely think . 
 `` why in the hell did zeus allow hephaestus to curse it ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` i understand the fact that he needed me to have it , that it has his blood in it ... and i 'm the chosen one and all of that crap . 
 but did he have to allow it to be cursed ? '' 
 ares shrugged . 
 `` i know not , daughter . 
 you know zeus . '' 
 and that said everything right there . 
 zeus was not constrained or influenced by what might happen to others . 
 he saw the big picture and he saw how things affected him and him alone . 
 and suddenly , all of my anger that i had directed at my parents and cadmus shifted to zeus , where it belonged . 
 `` you know , `` i pondered angrily . 
 `` i have always held the fates ' responsible for my tragic lives , but perhaps it was zeus all along . 
 i 'm sure the fates enjoyed my tribulations and certainly , they deceived me into making your lives hell , too , but my own life-it would have been miserable no matter what . 
 because of zeus ! '' 
 i spun around and stared at my mother . 
 she looked at me helplessly . 
 `` i do n't know what you wish me to say , '' she answered . 
 `` you are probably right . 
 but do not let the fates off so easily . 
 they used that very thing to their advantage and they did trick you for thousands of years . '' 
 `` i know that , '' i muttered as i gently extracted myself from cadmus ' grip and stood up . 
 `` i do not need reminded . 
 we should move now . 
 there is no time to waste . '' 
 ortrera was quietly instructing her warriors and they hurried to my side , kneeling around cadmus . 
 making a make-shift gurney from their shields , they carefully lifted him to shoulder height . 
 he was shivering and i realized it was probably from blood-loss . 
 i cringed at the realization and quickly dug through my knapsack for a wrap . 
 i tucked it around my husband 's body and kissed his soft lips before speaking to the group . 
 `` let 's go to hell , '' i said wryly , pushing forward without looking back . 
 i felt the others follow me as i circled around the dead dragon and i paused only slightly in the entryway of tartara . 
 i could n't believe i was here . 
 but i most certainly was and there was only one thing to do in order to get out . 
 i had to enter . 
 i took a step and then another and walked into hell . 
 chapter nine hell was dark . 
 as i picked my way over sharp rocks and through dry brambles and descended into the bowels of the underworld , that was the thing that stuck out at me most . 
 the absence of light . 
 there were random fires here and there , which cast frightening shadows , but there was no other light here . 
 it was black as pitch and freezing cold . 
 ares strode forward to walk by my side at the front , his protective nature revealing itself . 
 as we passed a small patch of brambles that were alight , he bent to pick up a long branch and lit it ablaze before holding it in front of us as a torch . 
 i was n't sure that was better . 
 the fire illuminated our path , but it revealed everything else along the way . 
 to our right , a blackened demon sat hunched over on a charred log . 
 he smelled like sulfur and he had no eyes . 
 as we walked past , he hissed loud and long , following our movements even though he could n't see us . 
 the pale blank areas where his eyes should have been sent shivers down my spine . 
 behind him , a long scaly tail twitched . 
 `` nice place , '' i mumbled to ares as i scooted a little closer to him . 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 he replied somewhat cheerfully . 
 `` why does n't this bother you ? '' 
 i asked curiously . 
 `` it gives me chills , yet you do n't seem fazed in the slightest . '' 
 as i spoke , i glanced over my shoulder at the demon once again . 
 he was still sitting motionlessly where he had been . 
 evil exuded from him and i could n't walk fast enough in the opposite direction . 
 ares glanced sideways at me for a moment before returning his attention to the terrain in front of us . 
 `` are you asking why tartara does n't scare me ? 
 it is because this place is nothing compared to the fear that i feel over losing anyone that i love . 
 i have faced many things in my life and nothing is as terrifying as that . 
 perhaps it is because i do not love many people . 
 i hold the ones that i do very close . '' 
 his muscles bulged as he moved , his shirtless torso glistening in the firelight . 
 i had n't even realized that he had taken his shirt off . 
 glancing behind us , i saw that it was tucked around the spike embedded in my husband 's shoulder . 
 the white linen cloth was soaked through with blood . 
 my eyes suddenly stung and i blinked hard . 
 behind cadmus and the amazons , my mother and ortrera were murmuring softly as they cast periodic glances into the darkness surrounding us . 
 it was clear that everyone was on guard . 
 aphrodite caught my eye and gave me a comforting look , so i offered her a small smile in return before turning back around . 
 `` your mother is worried about you , '' ares observed . 
 `` as am i. '' `` thanks , '' i replied . 
 `` but it does n't seem to be helping , so you should really save your energy . '' 
 he eyed me again , his dark eyes holding the kind expression of a father , not the god of war . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you still have your spunk , '' he finally answered . 
 `` so many others would lose that spark and grow discouraged after everything that you have faced . 
 i 'm very proud of you , harmonia . 
 you might not have been born to be a warrior like ortrera , but you certainly inherited my grit . '' 
 `` not born to be a warrior ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` did you not just watch me kill two guards to free you from a dungeon ? '' 
 he laughed , his white teeth flashing in the dark . 
 `` technically , no . 
 i did not see you because you were wearing the helm . 
 so , as far as i know , that could have been anyone . '' 
 i slugged him on the shoulder and he laughed again . 
 as we walked , i noticed a low moaning coming from somewhere , but i could n't see where . 
 after a few minutes , it grew louder and was accompanied by strange rasps and clicks . 
 i peered into the darkness , but did n't see anything , yet the noise continued to grow louder with every step that we took . 
 and then , as we crested the top of a small hill , our view expanded and i froze , clutching ares ' arm . 
 we were facing an entire city-like civilization that seemed to be built from rubble . 
 the sky above it glowed from the many bonfires and torches from within and the moans and wails creshendoed to an almost deafening roar . 
 my frightened gaze met that of my father 's , although his was still unfazed . 
 `` i think this is the city of the sleepless , '' he stated calmly . 
 i stared at him silently , afraid to speak . 
 it felt as though if i acknowledged what we were looking at with words , it would make it real . 
 and i knew it was real . 
 but if i did n't say it out loud , i could delude myself for a few minutes more . 
 but not long , because ares continued . 
 `` dead souls in the underworld do not sleep , '' he explained . 
 `` and just as sleeplessness can turn the living crazy , it can do the same to the dead . 
 when a soul gives in to insanity here , they are brought to this city . '' 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me , '' i breathed . 
 `` an entire city of insane , sleepless souls ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid he is not kidding , '' aphrodite confirmed as she crept up behind me , laying her cool hand on my shoulder . 
 `` i 've heard stories of this place , but i have never been unfortunate enough to see it for myself . '' 
 until now . 
 we all stood on the crest of the hill overlooking this strange city of the insane , each of us lost in thoughts of our own . 
 and then i took a step . 
 and then another and another , each step carrying me down the hill and toward the city . 
 the good news was that there was light . 
 there were many , many fires and torches here and there , creating a bright glow . 
 the bad news was that just like on the trail , the light revealed the terrifying things that surrounded us . 
 the amazons set cadmus down for a moment and reconfigured themselves . 
 only four carried cadmus now , the other eight surrounded us in a protective , wary circle as we moved cautiously forward into the city . 
 strangers walked , limped and crawled all around us . 
 most of them appeared haggard and dirty . 
 but the oddest thing was that they looked alive . 
 their bodies were just as solid as mine . 
 they were certainly not flitting about as spirits . 
 `` not what you expected ? '' 
 ares asked . 
 `` not at all , '' i replied . 
 `` i can not tell the undead and the living apart , to tell you the truth . '' 
 he nodded in agreement . 
 `` it 's true , it is difficult . 
 and honestly , here in the underworld , there are n't many differences between them and us . '' 
 i watched a pale , partially dressed man rummage through a trash-pile before i turned away . 
 the thought of spending eternity in this dark place was depressing . 
 i did n't even want to ponder what the man had done to deserve it . 
 i dropped back to walk next to my husband , although he was not awake . 
 he slept fitfully , moaning softly every once in awhile and i knew that his wound pained him . 
 that very thought pained me , too . 
 `` we need to hurry , '' i urged ares . 
 he called over his shoulder . 
 `` i know . '' 
 this city was unlike anything i had ever seen before . 
 we stayed on the worn gravel road as we continued through the sad civilization . 
 barely anyone even glanced at us twice . 
 our presence was of no consequence to them . 
 i doubted they even truly realized that we were there . 
 their minds were certainly gone . 
 to our left , a massive black pit teemed with writing pale bodies . 
 everyone was naked and they all screamed as they clawed at the sides . 
 i inched closer to cadmus . 
 everything about this horrible place was unnerving . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 aphrodite asked me gently . 
 `` yes . 
 are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 ask me when we 've left this place , '' she shuddered . 
 `` a more miserable place i 've never seen . '' 
 ares called back to me , interrupting our conversation . 
 `` harmonia ? 
 can you come here ? '' 
 my mother and i exchanged quick puzzled looks before i made my way back to the front . 
 i found ares staring in hesitation at someone in a small , secluded area . 
 i followed his gaze . 
 the woman was hooded , her dirty hair falling around her shadowy face . 
 she was muttering incoherently with her legs sprawled in front of her , scratching into the ground with an old rusty piece of metal . 
 she had written the same thing over and over in scraggly , thin writing . 
 empusa empusa empusa empusa my startled gaze flew to my father 's . 
 `` is n't that hecate 's daughter 's name ? '' 
 he asked slowly . 
 i nodded , taking one step in the woman 's direction . 
 ares grabbed my arm . 
 `` wait ! 
 let me . '' 
 he approached her slowly , the same as he would a frightened animal . 
 the woman lurched to her feet and hunched away from him into the corner , whimpering . 
 `` do n't , do n't , do n't , do n't , '' she whispered . 
 he knelt in front of her , holding out one hand slowly . 
 `` hecate ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` that 's not hecate , '' i shook my head . 
 `` there 's no way , ares . '' 
 he glanced up at me . 
 `` do n't be so sure , '' he muttered , returning his attention to the dirty woman . 
 `` hecate ? '' 
 he asked again , this time moving a little closer . 
 she clasped her hands over her ears and began screaming . 
 her shrill shrieks filled the air and i resisted the urge to cover my own ears to block out the horrible sound . 
 he reached out a hand to touch her and she wrenched away . 
 as she did , however , her hood fell down , revealing her face . 
 it was most certainly hecate . 
 i froze , as did ares . 
 `` hecate , '' i whispered , moving to touch her . 
 she lurched to her feet and took off sprinting . 
 she made it three steps before ares had tackled her to the ground , holding her down as he tried to reason with her . 
 hecate seemed terrified , as if she had never seen us before in her life . 
 i loomed over ares ' shoulder . 
 `` i 'm not sure that man-handling her is the best way to get her to trust you , '' i remarked . 
 `` what do you think has happened to her ? '' 
 `` i know not , '' he shook his head . 
 `` it is this place . 
 it can turn the sanest person crazy . '' 
 as if on cue , hecate began wailing about empusa again in incoherent , desperate words . 
 i dropped to my knees next to her . 
 `` are you trying to find empusa ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 she stopped crying and stared at me with liquid , hazy eyes . 
 `` do you know her ? '' 
 her question was crystal clear as she gazed into my eyes . 
 `` it 's complicated , '' i replied carefully . 
 `` ares , '' i turned back to him . 
 `` what can we do ? '' 
 i was referring , of course , to hecate 's mind . 
 she had lost it . 
 and ares knew exactly what i was talking about . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he replied limply , loosening his hold on the goddess of witchcraft . 
 it was hard to believe at this current juncture that hecate had recently summoned armies from the underworld to aid us in camelot . 
 she was utterly helpless right now . 
 `` try your bloodstone . '' 
 i pulled it over my head and pressed it to her skin . 
 she looked at it fearfully , but did n't exhibit the normal awakening behavior . 
 it had no effect on her and the hope fizzled out of me . 
 this was the first time that the bloodstone had n't worked and i could n't imagine why - unless hecate was just too far gone or if maybe even her internal magic was just too strong - it was subconsciously blocking the bloodstone . 
 `` i wish that we had access to the fountain of truth , '' i muttered . 
 `` it would surely restore her memories . '' 
 `` harmonia , '' aphrodite began hesitantly from my shoulder . 
 i turned around quickly - i had n't even known she had been standing there . 
 i had been that focused on hecate . 
 `` you have drunk from the fountain - very recently . 
 it is in your blood . '' 
 aphrodite 's face was anxious and cautious as she made the unspoken suggestion . 
 her statement triggered a memory ... of lachesis drinking my blood in camelot to expose the truth . 
 she had wanted to see if i was lying and my blood had exposed that i was . 
 and then i remembered hecate herself telling me that blood could reveal the truth . 
 i sighed . 
 `` do you have any idea how tired i am of people drinking from my blood at this point ? 
 this is getting ridiculous , '' i complained . 
 `` at this rate , i 'm not going to have any blood left soon . '' 
 regardless , i positioned myself closer to hecate and pulled out a small dagger . 
 `` hold her tightly , '' i instructed my father . 
 he complied and i cut a tiny slit in my arm , holding it above hecate 's lips . 
 she did n't open her mouth , so my father forced it open . 
 `` gently , '' i snapped at him . 
 `` there 's no need to be so rough . '' 
 `` besides the fact that she betrayed us all , '' he replied angrily . 
 `` i do not take to traitors kindly . '' 
 `` she was coerced , i am sure of it . 
 we need to keep that in mind , '' i pointed out as i dropped a few drops of my vital blood into her mouth . 
 ares held her mouth shut until he made certain that she had swallowed it and then we waited . 
 and waited . 
 and waited . 
 her face was blank and impassive as she stared absently past us and i started to get panicky . 
 what if she really was so far gone that nothing would work to bring her back ? 
 there were so many things that i wanted to talk to her about . 
 i wanted to find out why exactly she had betrayed us and i needed to find out more about her daughter so that i could find my own . 
 but it appeared that i would get nothing from her . 
 she stared right through me , her eyes flat and empty . 
 the chilly air whipped around me as i turned to ares dejectedly . 
 `` it 's of no use . 
 let her go . '' 
 my voice was stark and hopeless and i hated the sound . 
 but it was how i felt . 
 i had no idea what to do now . 
 `` harmonia ? '' 
 hecate 's murmur was so low that i had to strain my ears to hear it and i whipped back around , my heart thundering with hope . 
 `` hecate ! '' 
 she sank to the ground , hugging herself with shaking arms . 
 before i could say another word , she wilted further into the stones surrounding her and closed her eyes . 
 she did n't reopen them . 
 i shook her shoulder , trying hard to wake her , but she remained asleep . 
 i turned to my parents in exasperation . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 ares pivoted in a circle , examining our frightening surroundings and the appearance of our little group . 
 every one of us looked ragged and tired . 
 cadmus looked far worse . 
 he was unconscious and shaking . 
 i stroked his arm and rubbed his cold hands with my own . 
 when i looked up , i found ares staring at my husband in concern . 
 `` we need to rest , '' he stated simply . 
 and i did n't argue . 
 ares hefted hecate into his arms and we began walking once more , looking around for a safe , secluded place to stop for a few hours . 
 we found a horse-shoe shaped inlet in the midst of a crumbling , abandoned building and quickly set up a makeshift camp . 
 we settled down to rest while half of the amazons stood watch . 
 aphrodite crouched next to where i lay with cadmus . 
 she reached out and stroked my back . 
 `` my sweet , everything will turn out alright . 
 i have faith in that . '' 
 i could n't meet her gaze . 
 `` will it ? '' 
 i replied quietly . 
 `` we 've been through so much , mother . 
 perhaps we 're not meant to ` turn out alright . ' '' 
 she shook her head lightly . 
 `` i do n't believe that , '' she replied . 
 `` you 're a good person , harmonia . 
 you 're a fighter and you have always chosen to do the right thing . 
 i do n't think that kind of behavior will be rewarded with tragedy . '' 
 `` yet , it has been already , '' i answered sadly . 
 `` time and time again . '' 
 `` but the end of that is near , '' she assured me . 
 `` i do n't know how i know , but i just feel it . '' 
 `` i hope you 're right . '' 
 but as i watched my wounded husband sleep , his face tightened with pain , all i could feel was discouraged . 
 i did n't know how much longer cadmus could hold on . 
 if he died , this time it would be permanent , unlike all of the mortal lives that he lived and died in . 
 without zeus , no one could bring him back . 
 i fell asleep with his name on my lips and his limp arm wrapped around me . 
 it did n't take longs for dreams to consume me . 
 i was standing in knee-high purple flowers . 
 fields and fields of them , with billowing blue skies above me . 
 a child 's laughter distracted me and i turned , the sweet scent of the flowers assailing my senses . 
 in addition to the floral notes , i detected salt in the air . 
 sea salt . 
 raquel ran among the flowers , turning to laugh and yell over her shoulder . 
 `` come on , em ! '' 
 `` i 'm coming . '' 
 and i realized that empusa was standing directly next to me . 
 she leaned toward me , her gray eyes smoky and serious . 
 `` hurry , '' she murmured as she pressed a dark purple flower into my hand . 
 i awoke with a start , staring into my husband 's eyes . 
 i startled , then gasped , as i realized that he was awake . 
 as my eyes adjusted to the dark , i saw that hecate was kneeling at his side , attending to his wound and i gasped again . 
 she glanced up from her work with a small smile tilting the edges of her mouth . 
 but before i could say anything to her , cadmus slid a large hand into my own . 
 as he did , i realized that i was holding a purple flower blossom . 
 chapter ten `` you 're awake ! '' 
 i cried , throwing my arms carefully around his neck . 
 he winced slightly , but pulled me close with his uninjured arm . 
 `` did you doubt ? '' 
 he asked , one dark eyebrow raised . 
 `` did you really think that you could get rid of me that easily ? '' 
 `` that easily ? '' 
 i repeated incredulously . 
 `` you were this close ... '' my voice trailed off and i did n't want to say the words . 
 instead , i kissed him gently and squeezed his hand , reveling in its warmth . 
 he nodded , closing his eyes again wearily . 
 `` i 'm here now . 
 and you 've apparently found hecate . 
 incredible ... a guy ca n't take a quick nap without the entire game changing . '' 
 he tried to joke , but i was n't in the mood at the moment . 
 i had come perilously close to losing him . 
 i could still scarcely believe that for once , i had not . 
 i tightened my grip on the flower before turning my gaze to hecate . 
 i sat up as i spoke , keeping cadmus ' hand in my lap . 
 `` hecate , i 'm glad you 're feeling better . '' 
 `` you can say it , '' she said without looking up , her fingers deftly moving over cadmus ' injury , sprinkling what appeared to be ashes . 
 `` you 're glad i 've regained my sanity . '' 
 `` yes , '' i admitted quietly . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 `` and there is much you 'd like to know , '' she prompted . 
 once again , i agreed . 
 `` yes . 
 but first , i 'd like to thank you for helping cadmus . '' 
 she finally paused her moving hands and looked up at me . 
 when she did , i could tell that she had been avoiding it because she had been afraid to see my expression . 
 my heart twinged a little . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' she sighed . 
 `` it 's the least i could do . '' 
 i stroked my husband 's thumb with mine as i spoke . 
 `` what happened , hecate ? 
 why did you do it ? 
 why did you betray us ? '' 
 she looked away as she tried not to cry , her beautiful blue eyes welling up with tears . 
 her angst was evident in her tortured expression and i had no doubt left in my heart that whatever she had done , she had been forced into it . 
 `` the man that i love is not as loyal or admirable as cadmus , '' she replied quietly as she began working over my husband once again . 
 `` but i ca n't help but love him anyway . 
 it has been that way for many , many years . 
 i give him the best of me and he gives little in return but his fleeting presence , once every few years . 
 `` during one of his visits , i became pregnant with a daughter . 
 and when she was born , i loved her more than any other thing on the face of the planet . 
 she was all that was right and good in the world , even though her father was considerably less so . '' 
 she paused for a long moment as she bent to study the gash in cadmus ' shoulder . 
 pushing against it firmly , she pulled the dragon 's spike loose and pressed herbs into the wound . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i questioned curiously . 
 `` oh , it 's a medley of things , but it is comprised mostly of dried dragonheart blossoms ... with a few other things of course . '' 
 i did n't even bother asking what the ` other things ' were . 
 i was sure i did n't want to know . 
 `` most people would not know that dragonhearts can be used to combat the effects of an actual dragon 's blood , '' she explained . 
 `` i did n't even know that there were such things , '' i admitted , watching as she quickly sewed the wound together over the herbal compress . 
 she glanced up at me for a moment before continuing . 
 `` they only grow in a few secluded areas of the pacific rim in the mortal world . 
 they are worth their weight in gold when someone has a dragon injury . 
 thank the heavens i thought to bring a few . '' 
 she gently finished wiping at cadmus ' shoulder . 
 `` that should do it . 
 the herbs will be absorbed into cadmus ' bloodstream and then they 'll dissipate on their own . 
 i 'll remove his stitches in a couple of weeks . 
 i think he 'll be fine . '' 
 `` thank you so much , '' i told her quietly as i stroked the side of his bronzed face . 
 leaning in , i kissed him again . 
 `` you 'll be fine now , '' i murmured against his lips . 
 he smiled without opening his eyes . 
 straightening , i focused on hecate again . 
 `` go on , '' i prompted gently . 
 `` tell me more about your daughter . '' 
 she sat back with her fingers to her lips , staring past me into the night . 
 `` empusa , '' she mused with an unreadable expression . 
 her face contained love , regret , sadness , despair and a haunting fragility . 
 it was clear that whatever else , her daughter made this strong goddess vulnerable . 
 `` it was her , '' i whispered . 
 `` they threatened her , did n't they ? '' 
 she looked away , blinking hard , before she continued . 
 `` they made the offer , but it was her own father who accepted it . 
 i 'll never forgive him for that . 
 i 've loved him for thousands of years , overlooking his faults , but this ... this i will never forget . 
 mormo was cursed by zeus long ago . 
 in order to stay immortal , he had to drink from the blood of children . 
 he hated it at first , but then , i think that he actually began to like it . 
 his soul began to turn ugly . 
 he hated that his immortality was contingent on something . 
 he hated that he had to do anything . 
 so , when hades made him the offer ... that he could exchange his daughter for true immortality , mormo accepted . 
 `` i could n't believe it . 
 i was beyond devastated , but there was n't anything i could do . 
 the deal was made and no matter how powerful my magic was , it was useless against hades . 
 empusa was sent to the underworld and not only was she imprisoned here , but she was cursed to be as mormo was . 
 my sweet , innocent child has been forced to drink blood to remain alive . 
 she will be forever frozen at just seventeen and if she stops drinking mortal blood , she will die . '' 
 hecate 's voice was almost a whisper at this point , painful and thin . 
 `` that is n't the worst of it . '' 
 my head snapped up as i waited for her to explain what could possibly be worse . 
 `` i found out later that everything was because of me . 
 hades did n't make the deal with mormo because he liked mormo or even because he truly wanted empusa as one of his subjects . 
 he made the deal because he needed leverage to use over me . 
 he needed me to help overthrow the olympians . 
 he knew that empusa was , and still is , the only thing that i would sacrifice anything for . 
 `` he offered to reverse the bargain . 
 he would send mormo back to the underworld and release my daughter if i helped him . '' 
 i watched her helplessly as tears streaked down her face and she dropped her slender hands limply into her lap . 
 `` so i did . '' 
 she cried silently with her head bowed and i could n't restrain myself anymore . 
 yes , she had betrayed us all . 
 but she had been placed in the most unimaginable of positions and i found that i could not hate her for that . 
 not only that , but i was fairly certain that i would have done the same thing . 
 i unfolded myself from cadmus ' side and rushed to hecate , wrapping my arms around her shoulders . 
 `` shhh , hecate . 
 it 's alright . 
 you have done what any mother would do . 
 i would have done the same . '' 
 she stopped and looked up at me with watery , reddened eyes . 
 `` truly ? 
 i think not , harmonia . 
 you always have done the right thing . 
 you would not have made such a mess . '' 
 `` i make messes all of the time , '' i answered . 
 `` look around you . '' 
 `` this is not of your making , harmonia , '' she sniffed . 
 `` we 're here because of my magic . 
 i enabled the fates and hades to trick zeus . 
 everything is my fault . 
 and i have not told you the last thing . 
 i do not deserve your sympathy , i assure you . 
 after you found zeus ' sword and i sheathed it for you , i offered incantations to try and roll back the fates ' manipulations ... to try and undo their effects on my daughter . 
 that very thing caused your daughter to be taken away . 
 it 's my fault . '' 
 i stilled for a moment . 
 i wanted to scream and rail , but it would n't do any good . 
 she had n't meant any harm . 
 she had only been trying to save her daughter - something that i should understand very well . 
 after a few minutes of deep breathing , i was able to speak . 
 `` it is alright , hecate . 
 i do understand . 
 i do not hold it against you . '' 
 confusion clouded my thoughts though , as i recalled my visions of empusa . 
 `` hecate , i do n't understand one thing . 
 if you upheld the bargain , why is empusa here ? 
 i 've seen her in visions - she asks for my help . 
 and i know that she is with raquel . '' 
 hecate froze , her gaze locked with mine . 
 `` is she well ? '' 
 she asked haltingly . 
 `` she has not appeared to me in quite some time . 
 she does n't trust me anymore . '' 
 `` why would she not trust you ? '' 
 i asked uncertainly . 
 `` you have sacrificed everything for her . '' 
 `` she does n't trust anyone anymore , '' she replied sadly . 
 `` that is why she is still here . 
 once she heard what i had done , she went into hiding here . 
 hades decreed that she must appear in front of him so that he could lift the curse , but she is too afraid , so the bargain that i made was nullified . 
 she has heard of your prophecy and because of it , she is terrified . 
 she is afraid that hades will kill her as a pawn . 
 and she feels certain that once zeus is restored , he will condemn me ... and her , as well . 
 so , she is afraid that either way , she will be killed . 
 `` she hides in the bowels of the underworld , afraid to come out . '' 
 a lump formed in my throat and i found it difficult to swallow . 
 `` and what of mormo ? '' 
 i murmured hesitantly . 
 `` if empusa is here , then is he still free ? '' 
 hecate nodded slowly . 
 `` since em chose to stay here , mormo is free to wander the mortal world at his will . '' 
 the breath expelled from my lungs with a rush . 
 how utterly unfair . 
 `` hecate , we will fix this , '' i assured her . 
 `` look ! '' 
 i opened my hand , the purple flower shriveled on my palm . 
 `` with a dead flower ? '' 
 she asked dubiously . 
 `` you doubt ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` dead flowers healed cadmus . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i 'll give you that , chosen one . 
 tell me of this flower . '' 
 `` yes , tell us of this flower , '' aphrodite interjected as she and ares approached us from the shadows . 
 `` the story thus far has been fascinating , i will admit . '' 
 her tone did n't match her words . 
 she was furious . 
 i could tell from the tight way she was pressing her lips together . 
 i put out a hand . 
 `` mother , surely you can see how hecate was coerced . 
 she is a mother trying to protect her child . 
 you of all people can understand that . '' 
 `` of course i can ! '' 
 aphrodite exclaimed indignantly . 
 `` if it is the truth . 
 but hecate has already betrayed us once . 
 why would she tell us the truth about it now ? 
 anyone who can back up her story is imprisoned somewhere . 
 she wants us on her side , daughter . 
 she will tell us anything . 
 and you are too trusting . '' 
 `` i 've spoken the truth , '' hecate insisted . 
 `` i have nothing to gain from lying now . '' 
 `` nothing but gaining my sister 's cooperation , '' ortrera interrupted as she joined the group . 
 `` aphrodite is right . 
 harmonia is too trusting by half . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i replied grumpily . 
 `` i am not too trusting . 
 i choose to see good in people , as you should , too . 
 i believe hecate . 
 i do . 
 and i know that at least one thing is true . 
 empusa is definitely here in the underworld . 
 i 've seen her in my visions . 
 she has raquel . '' 
 at our daughter 's name , cadmus opened his weary eyes . 
 `` where are they , wife ? 
 and is she safe with empusa ? '' 
 `` of course she is safe ! '' 
 hecate replied quickly . 
 `` empusa would never hurt her . 
 she is probably trying to help . '' 
 `` i do think that is correct , '' i answered calmly . 
 `` empusa seems to be helping raquel . 
 she wants us to hurry and find them . 
 she left this with me today . '' 
 i showed them the flower . 
 `` they are somewhere surrounded by fields of purple flowers . 
 and i could smell the sea in the air . '' 
 `` i know of the place , '' hecate broke in excitedly . 
 `` there are vast fields of flowers just like these near the oceans of elyria . '' 
 cadmus instantly opened his eyes and carefully sat up . 
 pulling off the wraps that had been placed around him , he stood . 
 `` then we should go . '' 
 he was determined , even though i knew he was still in pain . 
 he was a warrior . 
 he had always been a warrior . 
 and i should have expected no less from him . 
 a near-death experience would never slow him down - especially when his daughter was on the line . 
 he held out his hand , large and strong , and i took it , turning to my parents . 
 `` i know that you might not trust hecate right now . 
 and that 's understandable . 
 but the fact is that her daughter is with mine-which means that we are traveling to the same place . 
 mother , can you put your reservations aside for now ... for raquel 's sake ? '' 
 aphrodite sighed . 
 `` you know that i will do anything to help you . '' 
 i stared at her for a moment . 
 `` and that is exactly my point . 
 you would . 
 and hecate feels the same for empusa . 
 you should think on that . '' 
 i turned to cadmus . 
 `` are you sure that you are up to it ? 
 you 're not completely healed . 
 you still have stitches -- '' he interrupted me firmly . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 he looked around us curiously , examining our surroundings . 
 i saw his gaze pass over the crumbling building that we were in , the partially decomposed walls and watched as he registered the horrid wailing that came from outside . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 he asked , his forehead wrinkled . 
 `` and what is that infernal racket ? '' 
 `` you do n't want to know , '' i muttered , rubbing his arm . 
 `` the important thing is that we 're leaving here . 
 and let us hope to never come back . '' 
 `` i hate to bring up an unpopular idea , '' ares mentioned , although his face did n't reflect any hesitation at all . 
 `` but since we are already here , i think we should pay a visit to the dungeon of the damned on our way out . '' 
 `` and why would we do that ? '' 
 hecate demanded , her eyes snapping impatiently . 
 `` empusa and raquel are waiting . 
 we must hurry . '' 
 i quickly filled her in on what ahmose had told me about alexi and eris ... and how we thought that we could somehow use alecto to our advantage . 
 she nodded thoughtfully as i finished . 
 `` that is a very good point . 
 and do n't forget , we have allies here . 
 uther pendragon is in elysia , along with the other ancient chieftains . 
 i 'm sure they have n't forgotten that we helped arthur put camelot to rights . 
 and we also have a few heroes scattered about . 
 achilles comes to mind . 
 i 'm sure he would help us and there are more . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' i agreed . 
 `` we certainly are not alone . 
 on our way out , let 's speak with alecto and see where we stand with her . 
 it is possible that once she finds out that alexi 's soul is in the keres ' box , she will work with us to bargain with the keres . 
 they have gotten what they wanted by imprisoning their sisters , the fates , here . 
 but perhaps they would further help us now . '' 
 `` it ca n't hurt to talk with alecto , '' hecate replied . 
 `` and we wo n't lose much time . 
 it is on our way . '' 
 we separated to pack up and within minutes , we were traveling once again . 
 ares tossed the helm of darkness to cadmus . 
 `` you should wear that - it will heal up your wound . 
 glad to have you back . '' 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 there was a time , long ago , when my father and cadmus had n't gotten along so well . 
 cadmus had killed ares ' dragon without knowing who it belonged to and it had caused a huge ruckus in olympus . 
 as penance , cadmus had been bound to ares as a servant for eight years . 
 it had turned out alright , even though it had been rocky at first . 
 cadmus and i had fallen in love and ares had grown very fond of him . 
 at that point , ares ' had granted permission for us to be married and the rest had been history . 
 i watched him conversing easily with ares now and it warmed my heart . 
 family was important to me and i loved that we had such good relationships . 
 our journey through tartara was surprisingly uneventful . 
 it was a frightening place to be sure , dark and shadowed . 
 misery hovered over our heads the entire way , but that was how it was meant to be . 
 nice people were n't relegated here , only the most heinous of souls . 
 we heard the dungeon of the damned long before we saw it . 
 screeches , wails and moaning echoed for miles down the trail leading up to an enormous stone wall . 
 the wall was covered in moss and consisted of heavy cut stones . 
 it was at least twenty feet high . 
 there were wide wooden doors , but there was no guard on our side . 
 there was no need . 
 no one wanted to get into the dungeon of the damned . 
 we opened the doors and walked directly inside . 
 to our right , there was a strange sort of courtyard filled with torturous looking devices . 
 a screaming prisoner was being drawn and quartered by one of the keres ' sisters . 
 i recognized her bleeding eyes . 
 their eyes continually bled from all of the things that they had seen . 
 but this was interesting . 
 it meant that they were here in the dungeon assisting the erinyes . 
 we slipped past the gruesome scene and around the corner , where we found a door to a stone and steel building . 
 it was solid - there was no escaping it . 
 with its foreboding atmosphere , it reminded me vaguely of the old prison , alcatraz . 
 ares did n't hesitate . 
 he simply opened the door and walked in . 
 cadmus followed and the rest of us trailed behind . 
 it was hot as the blazes in the building , most likely from the many raging fires that burned within . 
 the walls were scorchingly hot to the touch , so we had to ensure that we did n't lean on them . 
 i learned that the hard way and i had a burn on my arm to show for it . 
 we wound our way through the dark corridors as we attempted to find the erinyes . 
 the wails were just beginning to cause a low ache behind my left eye when we finally turned a corner and stumbled into just the person we were searching for . 
 alecto . 
 she was alabaster white , like so many were in the underworld since they could never experience the warmth of the sun . 
 her hair was long and red and she wore tight black pants and a ruby red cloak . 
 she turned her face toward us and i had to force myself not to show any outward signs of shock . 
 her eyes were pure black . 
 `` ares ! '' 
 she exclaimed , her voice husky . 
 i had to admit , she was n't what i expected . 
 i had expected something like the keres or the fates , stooped hags . 
 she was not . 
 `` what can i attribute this pleasure to ? '' 
 she asked , her gaze sweeping over the rest of our group . 
 `` you seem to have brought an army . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you are aware of what is going on , '' ares replied , not unkindly . 
 `` how you stay abreast of things in here , i do not know , but you always seem to . '' 
 she nodded slowly . 
 `` yes , i am aware , '' she confirmed . 
 `` but that does not explain why you are here in my dungeon . '' 
 she stopped moving and stared into my father 's face . 
 moving closer , she stood directly in front of him . 
 `` the god of war is afraid , '' she murmured , reaching out to trace his face with her fingers . 
 `` you are afraid that you are facing insurmountable odds . '' 
 he stiffened and moved back a step . 
 `` i am not afraid , '' he growled . 
 `` i am concerned . '' 
 he turned to the rest of us . 
 `` the erinyes have the ability to gauge one 's fear . 
 they can see what we are afraid of . 
 that is a gift that is put to great use here . '' 
 i could see that . 
 to our right , a man was in a small cell completely covered in writhing snakes . 
 i assumed that his greatest fear involved the reptiles . 
 and that made sense . 
 the dungeon of the damned was even more formidable when it was your own personal hell . 
 `` and you , '' alecto turned to me . 
 `` you are afraid of loss . '' 
 `` yes , '' i confirmed . 
 `` i am afraid of losing those who i love . '' 
 `` your fears are valid , '' she nodded . 
 `` how can i help you , chosen one ? '' 
 `` we 're not really certain , '' i admitted . 
 `` we only know that we will need friends while we are here . 
 we do n't know how things will go . 
 but we do bring news of your son , alexi . '' 
 her head snapped up . 
 `` what of alexi ? '' 
 `` his soul is in the kere 's box , '' i explained . 
 `` he is fine , he is being kept safe in the spiritlands . 
 but the keres hold his soul . '' 
 she bellowed a horrendous screech . 
 `` thanatos ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 the keres turned from where she was attending to a prisoner . 
 blood dripped from her hands . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she creaked . 
 `` you have imprisoned my son 's soul ? 
 was this not something you felt you should share with me ? '' 
 thanatos ' expression relaxed . 
 `` i had forgotten , actually , with everything else that went on . 
 yes , we are holding alexi 's soul . 
 he had fallen into league with our sisters . '' 
 `` give it to me , '' alecto demanded . 
 `` you know i can not , '' thanatos replied brusquely . 
 `` he must come before me so that i can merge it back with him . 
 you know the way of it . 
 either that or he must stand in front of hades . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 a blue vein pulsed in alecto 's forehead , a clear sign of her displeasure . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she turned back to us . 
 `` bring him to me . 
 bring him to me and i will compensate you with valuable knowledge . '' 
 `` what kind of knowledge ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i will share with you a portal out of the underworld , '' she answered confidently . 
 `` few know of it - it is a closely guarded secret . 
 anyone can enter from the outside , but only the pure of heart can use it to exit . '' 
 `` if we accept the bargain , you will have to share the knowledge simply so we can leave to retrieve your son , '' i pointed out . 
 `` you will need to trust us to return . '' 
 `` oh , i know you will return , '' she answered . 
 `` because i will want you to retrieve him now , before you continue on your quest . '' 
 i startled , then calmed myself . 
 `` that will not be possible . 
 i must reach my own daughter . 
 she 's in grave danger . '' 
 alecto showed no reaction . 
 `` would you like to know of this portal ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` would you like to secure my help in the future should you require it ? '' 
 `` of course i would , '' i answered calmly . 
 `` but not at the expense of my daughter . '' 
 she stared at me for a moment , her black eyes bottomless . 
 `` there may be a compromise . 
 i have annen here . 
 i will send him and you can send with him several of your amazon warriors . 
 would that suit you ? '' 
 i turned to ortrera with my eyebrows raised . 
 she nodded at my silent question . 
 i turned back around . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she summoned annen and within minutes , the old man stood in front of us . 
 he was identical to his brother , ahmose , in almost every way . 
 he had a shaved head , glittering dark eyes and long fingernails . 
 ancient writings lined his arms and a long black cloak swirled around his feet . 
 she explained his mission and he nodded obligingly . 
 he was mute - he could not speak . 
 the fates had cut out his tongue . 
 i eyed him warily . 
 in another debacle with the fates , he had burned words onto my hands to communicate . 
 it had n't been pleasant . 
 he motioned toward four of ortrera 's warriors . 
 once again , i turned to my sister and she nodded once . 
 i motioned to annen that it was alright . 
 `` annen can show you out , '' alecto stated , already turning away from us . 
 `` i 'll look forward to seeing my son . '' 
 and that was that . 
 we were dismissed . 
 we looked at each other uncertainly , but ares moved toward the door . 
 `` we have no time to waste , '' he muttered as he strode back down the long hall . 
 `` we must move . '' 
 and so we did . 
 we made our way back through the dungeon and were not hassled at the gates by the guard , since annen was with us . 
 we passed effortlessly from the dungeon back out into the blackness of tartara night . 
 i turned to annen . 
 `` i feel like i should be angry with you , but i ca n't find the energy . 
 you hid your identity and intentions from me for a very long time . '' 
 he looked at me with glittering eyes , but obviously did n't say anything . 
 he could n't . 
 he shook his head , as if saying that i did n't understand . 
 and i had to agree . 
 i did n't . 
 so , until i did , i would wait to judge . 
 i turned my attention to my husband instead . 
 he had taken off the helm by now and appeared to be feeling much better . 
 `` do you feel better , my love ? '' 
 i murmured , stroking the side of his arm . 
 he nodded . 
 `` much , '' he answered . 
 `` even more so now that we are moving toward our daughter . 
 it wo n't be long now , harmonia . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 `` i hope you 're right , '' i answered . 
 he slipped his arm behind my back and we continued on silently , each of us lost in our own thoughts . 
 annen led us straight to the portal and surprisingly , it did n't take long . 
 it was within the boundaries of tartara and upon approach , it looked like an abandoned well . 
 its lip was made from piled up crumbling stones . 
 i did n't approach it - i simply watched as he paused in front of it and looked to the amazons just briefly before he stepped into it . 
 he simply vanished . 
 without hesitation , ortrera 's warriors followed him . 
 and our number was reduced by five . 
 wordlessly , we headed for the border of tartara . 
 it was only a few minutes away . 
 we could see it from here . 
 on this side , tartara was dark and horrible . 
 a thin shroud of mist separated us from the other side , where we could see light and green fields . 
 ares turned around . 
 `` those who have not been condemned to tartara can step right over the border without issue . 
 it will prevent those who are damned . '' 
 `` so ... '' i trailed off . 
 `` so , it will prevent me from leaving , '' hecate said , biting her lip as she looked around us . 
 `` but there appears to be a gate further down . 
 perhaps there is a guard ? '' 
 `` you read my mind , '' ares grinned . 
 i shook my head . 
 i had a feeling he was looking forward to a confrontation . 
 it would be an outlet for his stress . 
 there was a guard and i was correct . 
 ares and cadmus disappeared for a scant moment into the shadows and returned with their swords bloody . 
 the difference between them was that ares was smiling . 
 `` the coast is clear , '' he announced . 
 we stepped through the gates to find the guards incapacitated . 
 only one was dead . 
 the other appeared to be unconscious without a scratch on him . 
 i looked at cadmus . 
 `` he 'll awaken shortly , '' he explained . 
 `` i did not want to leave this gate unmanned . 
 there is a reason that most are here . '' 
 `` good thinking , '' i replied , glancing around . 
 no one approached yet , but i was certain it would n't be long . 
 from what i had observed , the prisoners here were constantly looking for ways to escape . 
 two steps later and we had left the bowels of the underworld behind us . 
 five minutes more and the butterflies sent by ahmose had found us once again , bringing their vitality with them . 
 they hovered close to aphrodite and i now , although since she and i passed the helm back and forth , it was n't as imperative as it once was . 
 `` we 're surprisingly close to the oceans of elyria , '' hecate called behind her as she hurried ahead . 
 `` it wo n't take long . '' 
 she did n't exaggerate . 
 less than an hour later , we faced beautiful fields of purple blossoms . 
 their scent was sweet and pungent and i inhaled , filling my lungs with the beautiful smell . 
 the problem , however , was that the fields were empty . 
 this was most certainly where i had seen empusa and raquel in my visions , but there was nothing here now but for the flowers themselves . 
 `` empusa ? '' 
 hecate called hopefully . 
 the only thing that moved were the blossoms with the gentle sea breeze . 
 `` empusa ? '' 
 nothing . 
 i stepped forward . 
 `` empusa ? '' 
 i called . 
 `` you asked for my help and you told me to hurry . 
 i 'm here now . 
 can you come meet us ? '' 
 nothing . 
 my shoulders slumped . 
 i had n't expected this . 
 i had felt sure that when we arrived , they would be waiting . 
 my heart constricted with an apprehension that i had n't even known that i felt . 
 i had thought i would see my daughter today . 
 and i had been wrong . 
 `` mama ? '' 
 a little voice resounded through the air , carried by the wind . 
 i turned in surprise to find raquel running through the fields , her long dark hair streaming behind her . 
 empusa walked cautiously behind her , her face an unreadable mask . 
 `` raquel , '' i whispered weakly , before i took off running , plunging through the amethyst colored blooms to reach my daughter . 
 chapter eleven i clutched her little body close to mine , leaning down to inhale her . 
 her hair smelled like the outdoors , the ocean and little girl . 
 she was thin enough that i could feel her shoulder blades beneath my fingers . 
 `` i ca n't believe we found you , '' i cried as tears streaked down my face . 
 `` i was so afraid . '' 
 her skinny little arms were clasped around my waist as she tilted her delicate face up to me , her bright green eyes shining . 
 `` empusa took care of me , mama . 
 she said you would be here as soon as you could . 
 and she was right . 
 here you are . '' 
 cadmus dropped to one knee next to her , pulling her into his strong arms . 
 she was so small compared to him , so fragile and delicate . 
 as he murmured to her , i turned to empusa , who was just now approaching . 
 `` empusa , '' i called . 
 `` i can never repay you . 
 thank you so much for taking care of raquel . 
 thank you . '' 
 she nodded and i could n't help but notice how beautiful the girl was . 
 she reminded me of a prima ballerina . 
 she was so delicate . 
 her skin was clear and she possessed an otherworldly glow . 
 her hair was long and dark , curling delicately around her shoulders . 
 but her eyes ... they were the most unique eyes i had ever seen outside of my own . 
 they were a multi-faceted gray with flecks of darker gray and green in them . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 i 'm glad that you are receptive to visitors in your dreams and that you followed us here . '' 
 she walked past me to her mother , into hecate 's waiting embrace . 
 `` we 've found you , too , '' hecate said as she buried her face in her daughter 's neck . 
 her shoulders quaked as she cried . 
 `` i ca n't believe that you 've hidden from me for so long . '' 
 `` i 've been afraid , '' empusa answered quietly . 
 `` i 'm still afraid . 
 so many things bubble just beneath the surface here . 
 you 've broken everything wide open . 
 it is difficult to say what will happen . '' 
 `` i can tell you what will happen , '' hecate declared . 
 `` when this is finished with zeus , you and i will go before hades and he will uphold his bargain . 
 he will retrieve your father and you will go free . '' 
 empusa stared at her silently , her gray graze unfazed . 
 `` we shall see , '' she murmured . 
 `` yes , we shall , '' hecate agreed determinedly . 
 `` and in the meantime , i brought you something . '' 
 she reached into her cloak pocket and pulled out a bracelet . 
 a pale moonstone shone mutely in the light . 
 `` put this on . 
 i have enchanted it to alert you when your father is near . 
 never take it off . 
 it possesses other powers , also , but we can discuss that later . '' 
 `` thank you , '' empusa murmured , stroking the stone lightly . 
 `` do you have shelter ? '' 
 ares asked . 
 `` we should get out of the open . 
 hades is undoubtedly in pursuit of us . '' 
 empusa nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 there is a cave near the sea . 
 no one has bothered us there for days and days . '' 
 `` then we should go there , '' aphrodite piped up . 
 she had n't spoken in awhile - she had patiently walked along like the trooper that she could be . 
 i had to admit , i was very proud of her . 
 empusa nodded and led the way through the waving flowers . 
 we followed in a joyful line . 
 finding raquel was certainly a pick-me-up . 
 i could n't remember when i had been happier , even if i was still wandering through the underworld . 
 at the end of the vast fields , the land sharply declined , leading to the sandy shores of the oceans of elyria . 
 i stood on the shores for a moment , staring at the water . 
 i had always loved the water and standing next to an ocean always put things into perspective . 
 it was so massive and wide that it made me feel insignificant . 
 it reminded me that no matter what happened with me or in my life , the world would continue to turn , the oceans would continue to crash . 
 i pulled off my boots and stood with my toes buried in the sand , just where the lip of the water met the beach . 
 the foam rolled over my feet and then retracted back into the ocean , a back and forth game of tug of war as the tide rolled in . 
 cadmus joined me , with raquel balanced on his shoulders . 
 i had never seen a more beautiful sight . 
 he looked perfectly at home with the child wrapped around him . 
 if at all possible , it made me love him even more . 
 while raquel certainly looked more like me , there was a distinct resemblance to her father ... something about the way her lips moved , maybe . 
 i could n't put my finger on it , but it was there . 
 right now , she leaned down and laughed into his ear and my heart warmed . 
 they acted as though they had never been apart . 
 `` should we swim , mama ? '' 
 raquel asked me hopefully . 
 `` no - do n't ! '' 
 empusa interrupted from a few feet away . 
 `` there are hydras swimming in these oceans-meant to guard elyria and the isles from intruders . '' 
 i looked at raquel . 
 `` not now , sweet one . 
 but we 'll swim when we get home . '' 
 she nodded happily , easily placated . 
 `` we need to find your cave , anyway . 
 can you show me ? '' 
 she nodded again and cadmus set her down . 
 she skipped joyfully away , looking back every once in awhile to make sure we were following . 
 cadmus grabbed my hand and we trailed behind her to the cave . 
 as caves went , it was fairly normal and nondescript . 
 it yawned large and wide from the inlet of a cove . 
 empusa padded through the wet sand next to us , her filmy white skirt dragging in the surf . 
 `` this is a safe place for us , '' she mentioned . 
 `` it is only accessible during the day . 
 at night , the tide rolls in and blocks its entrance . '' 
 `` of course , that also means that you can not leave it at night , '' ortrera pointed out . 
 empusa shrugged delicately . 
 `` i guess . 
 if you want to look at it that way . 
 to us , it meant protection . '' 
 `` and i 'm sure it will to us , also , '' i replied . 
 `` thank you for bringing us here . '' 
 she looked at me for a second before she smiled and it lit up her entire face . 
 she really was beautiful in a very delicate way . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 the inside was damp . 
 condensation formed on the ceiling and dripped into puddles on the ground . 
 it smelled of wet sand , salt and rock , but it was cool enough that i shivered as we entered . 
 raquel bounced ahead . 
 `` this is my bed , mama ! '' 
 she cried , eager to show me . 
 i quickly followed her to see and she led me to a small pallet at the back . 
 `` i do n't like to sleep here , but empusa told me that i had to at least rest . '' 
 `` we all need to rest from time to time , '' i told her with a grin . 
 `` we 'll put my blankets next to yours . 
 is that alright ? 
 do you hog the bed ? '' 
 she smiled shyly and shook her head . 
 `` well , that 's good , '' cadmus replied as he set our bags down . 
 `` because your mother does and our bed is only so big . 
 you must take after me . '' 
 i slapped him playfully on the arm before realizing that i had just smacked his injured arm . 
 i clapped my hand over my mouth . 
 `` it 's alright , wife , '' he assured me . 
 `` i feel much better . 
 the helm has allowed me to heal . 
 i 'm sure that hecate could remove the stitches if she has a free minute . '' 
 `` i 'll do it in a bit , '' she called from the front of the cave . 
 `` take your time , '' cadmus called back . 
 `` i 'm in no rush . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 `` you might want to come up here , '' hecate suggested . 
 `` empusa is sharing interesting things . '' 
 cadmus and i looked at each other . 
 i knelt next to raquel . 
 `` can you look through my knapsack and get some soft , dry wraps and arrange a sleeping pallet for me next to yours ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` because you do n't want me to hear what empusa says ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` you 're a smart little thing . 
 i do n't want you to be afraid . 
 we 're here now and you do n't have to worry about anything . '' 
 she launched herself into my arms , hugging me tightly before she stepped back . 
 `` i love you , mama . '' 
 my heart melted as i stared at my beautiful child . 
 `` i love you , too , '' i whispered , too afraid to trust my voice to speak louder . 
 it was the first time she had said that to me . 
 cadmus wiped a tear from my cheek that i had n't even known that i had shed before he leaned over and kissed it . 
 and then we hurried to the front of the cave to join the group that had congregated around hecate 's daughter . 
 `` the gods are definitely still here ? '' 
 hecate asked , her gaze frozen on her daughter . 
 empusa nodded . 
 `` yes , i 've heard talks of them . 
 they are on the isles of the blessed . '' 
 i looked at hecate . 
 `` you act as though you knew that they were here at one time . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 she looked at me sheepishly . 
 `` i did know that . 
 but i never would have dreamed that hades would have kept them there . 
 this is very strange . 
 i would have thought he would have hidden them more securely . '' 
 `` perhaps now would be a good time for you to explain exactly what happened ... what you did to assist hades , '' aphrodite suggested gently . 
 `` we will not hold it against you , but i think we need to know . '' 
 hecate looked pained as she stared past us , but she nodded . 
 `` alright . 
 you already know that they promised me that if i helped them , they would release the curse on empusa - that they would put it back where it belonged on mormo . 
 so , i agreed to help with whatever asked me to do . 
 i would have done anything . '' 
 `` and what did you end up doing ? '' 
 i prompted . 
 `` as you know , if you eat in the underworld , you are constrained here . 
 hades created a duplicate mount olympus on the isles of the blessed - zeus ' palace was replicated to the smallest detail . 
 with my magic , i bewitched the doorways of zeus ' banquet hall to become a temporary portal to the underworld and they were transported to the isles of blessed , unknowingly of course . 
 they thought they were on olympus . 
 they ate , drank and were merry ... and they did n't even realize what had happened until late in the night . 
 it was a brilliant plan , i have to admit . 
 hades thought of every detail . '' 
 `` but you carried it out , '' i asked sadly . 
 she nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 his plan was successful because of me . '' 
 `` but since they have eaten here , they will be imprisoned here , '' aphrodite said , her lovely voice shaking . 
 `` how can we un-do that ? '' 
 `` i do not know , '' hecate said miserably . 
 `` there must be a way , however . '' 
 `` well , we shall all think on it , '' ares instructed . 
 `` but for now , we must rest for a while . 
 we are all weary and we know what we must do next . '' 
 `` we do ? '' 
 i asked warily . 
 the expression on ares ' face was too joyful to bode well for the rest of us . 
 `` of course we do , '' he replied . 
 `` we must cross the oceans of elyria . '' 
 `` of course we must , '' i sighed . 
 `` you do realize that it contains hydras ? '' 
 `` yep , '' he answered happily . 
 i sighed again . 
 but i was distracted by shadows in the mouth of the cave . 
 i looked up to find annen , ahmose , alexi , eris and the four amazon warriors who had accompanied annen to the spiritlands . 
 `` that was quick , '' ares commended them . 
 `` welcome . '' 
 i took one look at ahmose 's grim face and knew something was wrong . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked quickly . 
 he wearily studied me for a moment , probably assessing my state of mind . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i snapped . 
 `` what is wrong ? '' 
 `` it 's your mother , '' he answered simply . 
 `` your mortal mother . 
 she has been taken from calypso 's island . '' 
 i gasped and i felt my knees go weak . 
 `` i should have known , '' i muttered . 
 `` i should have known that he would do something like this . '' 
 `` there 's no way you could have , '' cadmus soothed me . 
 `` ogygia was the safest place for her . '' 
 `` apparently it was n't , '' i replied . 
 `` this does not change anything , '' ares said . 
 `` our course of action must remain the same . 
 we will travel to the isles to see zeus . 
 hades will show himself at some point and reveal what he wants . '' 
 `` he wants me , '' i answered limply . 
 `` he wants to keep me here . '' 
 `` well , he ca n't have you , '' cadmus growled . 
 `` he 'll have to learn that the hard way . '' 
 i smiled what i knew was a weak smile . 
 they had n't seen how determined hades was . 
 `` i ca n't wait , '' i told everyone . 
 `` i would never be able to sleep anyway , knowing that he has my mother . 
 i 'm sure she 's terrified . 
 can we leave now , please ? '' 
 `` there is a boat , '' empusa offered . 
 `` it 's very old , but it is large . 
 it 's moored down the coast a ways away . 
 i do not know whose it is . '' 
 `` i think it is meant for those who are granted access to elysia , '' aphrodite said . 
 `` that is how i remember it anyway . 
 i think that all who earn the privilege of spending eternity in paradise must pass that one final test . 
 anyone who is good and true and possesses the purest of hearts can pass the oceans safely . 
 the hydras will not harm them . 
 when it dispatches its passengers in the isles , the boat will sail itself back to the coast , to await the next passenger . '' 
 `` that is correct , '' hecate confirmed . 
 `` that is the way it has always been . '' 
 `` well , then , '' ares proclaimed . 
 `` let us go . 
 i am an amazing sailor . '' 
 i rolled my eyes at raquel , who had edged up to my side . 
 `` your grandfather thinks that he is amazing at everything , '' i told her . 
 she eyed him . 
 his bulging muscles glistened in the light from the mouth of the cave . 
 he was large , strong , handsome and assured . 
 she looked back to me . 
 `` is he not ? '' 
 she asked innocently . 
 i sighed . 
 `` i suppose he is . 
 but it would be nice if he was n't quite so aware of it . '' 
 she giggled , then grasped my hand . 
 `` is everything going to be alright ? '' 
 she asked nervously . 
 i dropped to one knee and stared into her eyes . 
 `` everything will be fine , '' i assured her . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 my words echoed throughout the cave , reiterating my assurance . 
 `` let us go ! '' 
 ares called impatiently . 
 i held raquel 's hand and dutifully followed everyone to the beach . 
 when empusa said ` boat ' , she probably should have said ` ship ' . 
 it was enormous . 
 large and wooden , it creaked in the shallow water by the shore , its hull covered in barnacles and moss . 
 white sails were rolled in the masts and lines whipped in the wind . 
 strangely , it did n't appear to be anchored , it simply stayed where it was . 
 `` are you sure you can sail that ? '' 
 i asked ares uncertainly . 
 he glowered at me . 
 `` you doubt your father ? '' 
 he asked indignantly . 
 `` of course i can sail it . '' 
 he stomped ahead and as he plunged through the shallow water , a rope ladder dropped over the side of the ship . 
 i raised an eyebrow and turned to my husband . 
 `` fun , right ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` yeah , fun , '' i sighed . 
 `` not exactly what i was thinking ... but what can you do ? '' 
 `` carry on , i suppose , '' he replied , unbothered . 
 `` on that note ... '' he reached for raquel and he helped her climb onto the ladder . 
 while everyone was preoccupied , empusa crept up behind me . 
 `` it 's starting , '' she whispered . 
 `` i can not stay here . 
 i am too afraid of my father . 
 no matter what happens , he will not stop hunting me until he kills me . 
 please tell my mother that i love her . '' 
 before i had a chance to even respond , she was running down the coast , splashing through the water . 
 i inhaled sharply . 
 hecate was n't going to take this well . 
 i sighed and grabbed the bottom rung of the ladder and pulled myself up the side . 
 hecate looked behind me , then back to me , puzzled . 
 `` where is empusa ? '' 
 `` she ran away , '' i answered softly . 
 `` she was afraid and said to tell you that she loved you . 
 hecate , once this is done , we can find her . 
 we 'll set things right . '' 
 hecate 's face drained of color , but she simply nodded , sinking into a nearby bench seat . 
 she pulled her knees up to her chin and sat silently watching the water . 
 i turned from her , unable to stand the pain on her face , and looked around . 
 it was sparse on board . 
 bench seating lined the sides and the hull was open . 
 ares unfurled the sails and shortly thereafter , we were gaining speed as we sailed into the vast oceans . 
 before we knew it , there was nothing around for miles except for the sparkling water . 
 ares learned shortly after we set sail that he did n't need to do anything at all ... the ship sailed itself . 
 he and my mother sat curled up on a bench , talking quietly amongst themselves . 
 cadmus was engaged in a conversation with ahmose , so i settled onto the very tip of the bow with raquel situated on my lap . 
 the wind whipped our hair away from our faces as our boat plunged ahead , riding the waves with abandon . 
 my daughter 's slight body sagged against me and i smiled into her hair . 
 `` you can sleep , little one , '' i told her . 
 `` it will take awhile to get there . '' 
 `` i 'm not sleepy , mama , '' she insisted . 
 i smiled again . 
 cadmus and ahmose moved closer to me . 
 `` wife , ahmose shared some interesting information with me , '' cadmus said quietly . 
 `` i do n't know how much more ` interesting ' information i want to hear , '' i replied wryly . 
 `` this is truly interesting , '' he answered , his face slightly bothered . 
 my curiosity was piqued in spite of myself . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` well , as you know , annen and i are brothers , '' ahmose began , his ancient voice tired and hoarse . 
 `` we have been the advisors to zeus for a very long time . '' 
 `` i did learn that , yes , '' i answered . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and when zeus rendered you mortal , he sent annen and i with you , to protect you and to protect the bloodstone . '' 
 `` yes , we knew that also , '' i replied . 
 `` what is the interesting part ? '' 
 `` if you stop interrupting , i 'll get to it , '' ahmose reprimanded lightly . 
 i smiled . 
 this was the ahmose that i knew . 
 crotchety and no-nonsense . 
 `` the fates and the keres each had their own agendas , and they each sought to use annen and i to further their causes . 
 between the two sets of sisters , we were threatened many times and ultimately , it came down to us having to outwit them all by playing their own game . 
 we were under orders by zeus to guide and protect you . 
 `` you , however , were so completely manipulated by the fates , that we had to divide in order to conquer . 
 we were not meant to share the truth with you . 
 so , for every time the fates used you to make horrible decisions for their entertainment , annen used cadmus to try and un-do those decisions . '' 
 i was still for a moment , trying to process that . 
 i turned to cadmus . 
 `` annen came to you , as ahmose came to me ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` but i only vaguely remember it . '' 
 `` you pitted us against each other ? '' 
 i was aghast . 
 `` but not for our entertainment , '' he hastened to add . 
 `` only because you were being manipulated . 
 your decisions were not the wise choices that you thought them to be . 
 we did our best , but usually , you were so determined to carry through with your missions , you did everything you could to make sure that the fates ' wishes were kept . 
 you are a very loyal person , harmonia . '' 
 `` cadmus and i were working against each other and did n't even know it ? '' 
 i was floored . 
 `` neither of you knew it , '' ahmose confirmed . 
 `` zeus knew that when the time was right , you would come to realize who you were ... and when that happened , the prophecy would be upheld . '' 
 `` my love , you 've always been so good and true , '' i murmured , twisting around to cup my husband 's face with one hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry that i was stubborn . '' 
 `` you stubbornly upheld your ideals , '' he corrected me . 
 `` you thought you were doing the right thing . 
 if the fates are never released from tartara , that will be fine with me . '' 
 `` mama , look ! '' 
 raquel interrupted , pointing into the water . 
 i peered over the side and instantly recoiled . 
 enormous black sea monsters were swimming in circles around our boat . 
 the hair stood up on my neck and goosebumps formed everywhere on my body . 
 `` hydras , '' i whispered . 
 `` there is no need to fear , '' hecate soothed us . 
 `` while it is true that we were not granted permission to enter elyria , our hearts are true . 
 the hydras will not bother us if that is the case . '' 
 `` how do we know that everyone is true ? '' 
 ares demanded , his face dark . 
 `` betrayal is an epidemic , i am afraid . '' 
 `` let 's not do this again , '' i replied in frustration . 
 `` ares , every one of us here has made decisions that we regret , including you . '' 
 `` does anyone have anything to hide ? '' 
 hecate asked the group . 
 `` share it now , if you do . '' 
 everyone remained silent . 
 i looked into the water again , just in time to see the tip of one long scaly tail disappear under the boat . 
 within a few seconds , the nose of the same beast reappeared . 
 they were still swimming circles , but they were not bothering us . 
 `` i think hecate is right , '' i breathed . 
 `` i think we are fine . 
 they have not bothered us yet . '' 
 my daughter was unfazed by the giant creatures and in fact , she seemed almost mesmerized by them as she watched them swim fluidly beneath us . 
 cadmus and i exchanged amused looks above her head . 
 simply observing her was a joy to us . 
 she was such an unexpected blessing to both of us . 
 weariness began to take its toll on me , however , and i leaned against my husband , absorbing his strength . 
 he leaned forward , pressing a warm kiss to my forehead . 
 `` sleep , my love , '' he suggested . 
 i nodded , closing my eyes . 
 the next thing i knew , raquel was shouting . 
 my eyes blinked open and we were approaching land . 
 i rubbed at my eyes and turned to cadmus . 
 `` how long was i asleep ? '' 
 `` a few hours , '' he replied . 
 `` you needed it . '' 
 `` did you rest ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm a warrior , '' he answered , as though that were answer enough . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` and warriors do n't need rest , apparently , '' i muttered . 
 from my periphery , i saw him smile . 
 i did n't dwell on his arrogance though . 
 i had to admit , it was one of the things i loved about him . 
 instead , i turned my attention to the beauty that faced us . 
 the coast was lined with tropical plants and palm trees . 
 i could practically smell the coconuts in the sea breeze that lightly ruffled my hair . 
 the sand was white , the water was blue and calm . 
 there was no sign of the hydras now as we glided smoothly through the water to come to a rest in the soft sand by the shore . 
 i had never smelled anything like the air here . 
 clean and crisp , it tasted of salt and rich flower blossoms . 
 brightly colored tropical birds rested in the trees above us . 
 the temperature was just right - not too warm and not too cool . 
 `` welcome to paradise , '' hecate said . 
 as she did , the ladder uncoiled from the floor of the boat and dropped to the water below . 
 she wasted no time in climbing over the side . 
 one by one , we all waited our turn to climb off the ship and within minutes , we stood on the perfect sands of the beach . 
 `` mon dieu , '' aphrodite murmured , gazing up and down the lengths of the coast . 
 `` what beauty ! '' 
 `` it does n't compare to you , my love , '' ares announced , bowing low as he swept up her hand and kissed it . 
 aphrodite smiled and kissed him soundly before returning her attention to the shore . 
 `` i 've never actually been here before . 
 i should have come long ago . '' 
 `` it is said that this is a place of perfection , '' hecate said quietly . 
 `` and i personally believe that to be true . 
 the weather is always perfect , there is no strife or hate . 
 it is most certainly a perfection . '' 
 i could n't argue . 
 it was the most beautiful place i had ever seen . 
 but somehow , it seemed vaguely familiar . 
 `` i feel as though i 've been here before , '' i murmured to no one in particular . 
 ahmose stared at me in consternation . 
 `` i will be so happy when your memories are fully returned to you , '' he replied . 
 `` of course you have been here . 
 once upon a time , zeus sent you and cadmus to live here . 
 you appealed to his generous nature and asked that due to all of your misfortune with your necklace if you could be sent from olympus . 
 he agreed and sent you to live here , until the time when he needed to retrieve you so that he could render you mortal . '' 
 `` we were removed from this paradise to live tragic lives in the mortal world again and again ? '' 
 i was incredulous . 
 our story just seemed to get worse and worse as more was added to it . 
 ahmose nodded wordlessly . 
 there was nothing more to be said . 
 it was bad enough as it was . 
 `` i do n't remember it at all , '' cadmus said quietly to me . 
 `` but i wish that i did . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' i mused . 
 `` i 'm beginning to wish that i did n't have any of my old memories . 
 they cause nothing but pain . '' 
 i was thinking of his betrayal and he knew it . 
 he stared at me regretfully and pulled me to his chest . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , harmonia . 
 if i could change everything , i would . 
 i promise you - i would . '' 
 `` i know , '' i murmured . 
 to our right , raquel explored the coastline terrain , marveling at the beautiful birds and plump fruit . 
 `` do n't eat it ! '' 
 several of us cried at once . 
 she turned to us with an impish grin . 
 `` i wo n't , '' she called back . 
 `` but i 'd like to . '' 
 `` as would i , '' ares grumbled . 
 `` i 'm hungry enough to eat an entire pegasus . '' 
 he glanced at ortrera . 
 `` do n't scowl at me , daughter . 
 i would n't eat yours . '' 
 appeased , ortrera and her warriors splashed through the shallow water to make their way to land . 
 cadmus , ahmose , annen and i followed behind , followed by alexi and eris , both of whom had remained strangely quiet . 
 something occurred to me and i turned to eris . 
 `` a person has to be true of heart to approach these islands , '' i observed . 
 `` and you passed the test . 
 how did you do that ? '' 
 `` i do not know , '' she answered honestly . 
 `` i have no malice in me at the moment . 
 all i am focused on is getting alexi 's soul back . '' 
 `` so you are focused on doing good for someone else , '' i mused . 
 `` perhaps that is what did it . '' 
 she shrugged her shoulders . 
 i knew that her change of heart was only temporary . 
 after alexi was restored , i was certain that she would be back to her old , conniving ways soon enough . 
 as my polar opposite , her very nature was one that relished discord and discontentment . 
 there was no changing that . 
 `` we should go , '' hecate called to us from the tree line . 
 `` we have things to do . '' 
 that we did . 
 we all fell into line and followed her into the trees and through the tropics . 
 each step led us somewhere even more beautiful . 
 it was difficult to comprehend . 
 green vines wrapped around luscious trees and flowers . 
 birds sang quietly , but not too loudly . 
 i had to agree with ares . 
 i was starving . 
 it was difficult to resist plucking a piece of ripe fruit from a vine and eating it . 
 but we did . 
 we simply kept walking . 
 and soon enough , the jungle-like foliage gave way to fields of waving plants and flowers . 
 with every movement , their lush scents were tossed into the air . 
 there were beautiful homes scattered here and there among the sloping hills and a tranquil river flowed in the middle . 
 hecate marched right for the river . 
 trustingly , we walked a trail along the side until we came to a pristine pier . 
 a string of boats were moored there and she stepped into one , careful not to rock it overly much . 
 annen and ahmose joined her . 
 the rest of us separated into several other boats . 
 hecate turned the nose of her little watercraft to head into the river and paddled fluidly along . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i called . 
 she paused her rowing and turned to look over her shoulder . 
 `` to the most beautiful island you 've ever seen . '' 
 i paused in surprise . 
 `` are n't we already there ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` no , chosen one . 
 these are the elysian fields . 
 they lead up to the isles . 
 the isles are even better than this ! '' 
 i could scarcely imagine it . 
 as we rowed , i watched the sides of the river . 
 every once in awhile , a person would stop and stare back at us . 
 i was fairly certain that i recognized hercules . 
 he was fishing on the banks , his enormous muscles bulging larger than any i had ever seen , including my husband 's or father 's . 
 `` is n't that ... '' i breathed . 
 `` yes , '' cadmus confirmed , without missing a stroke of his oar . 
 `` that is hercules . 
 reattach your eyes , harmonia . 
 it 's just muscle . '' 
 `` a lot of muscle , '' i corrected . 
 `` wow . '' 
 cadmus shook his head good-naturedly , but he did n't mind . 
 he was confident in his worth . 
 he was everything to me and he was twice as beautiful as hercules . 
 the river carried us gently for miles before it opened up into a wide lake . 
 from here , i could see that across the lake , there were islands . 
 `` the isles of the blessed , '' i said needlessly . 
 everyone around me was staring in fascination . 
 in the middle of the islands , a majestic mountain rose from the ground , sweeping so high that it seemed to touch the white clouds . 
 `` olympus , '' i murmured . 
 or rather , the duplicate olympus . 
 it was where the gods were being held . 
 a sense of urgency came over me and i wanted nothing more than to hurry and get there . 
 everything that we had been through up until this point could be resolved if we could just free zeus . 
 the moment we had been waiting for was upon us . 
 chapter twelve this was beyond anything i could have imagined . 
 as we traveled through the look-alike olympus , the similarities ... no , the duplicity was incredible . 
 hades had thought of every last detail and had supplied it . 
 no wonder the olympians had thought they were in zeus ' banquet hall and had allowed themselves to be deceived . 
 everything here was identical to the ancient city in the spiritlands . 
 if i did n't know better , i would swear that i was there right now . 
 but i was not . 
 i was here . 
 and here was ... fascinating . 
 i could n't help but hang my mouth open in amazement as we passed quaint shops , mouth-watering restaurants , dress makers , tailors ... all identical to things that existed on olympus . 
 there were even blue lotus blossoms drifting down from trees in the air , falling gently across the cobblestone streets . 
 i cast out a hand and allowed one to drift onto my palm . 
 `` do n't eat it , '' cadmus warned . 
 `` i wo n't , '' i murmured . 
 `` it 's just so ... everything is ... '' `` unbelievable , '' aphrodite breathed , staring around us in awe . 
 `` my thoughts exactly , '' i agreed . 
 a random thought occurred to me and i turned to hecate , dropping the flower onto the cobblestone street . 
 `` hecate , you said that you created a portal from zeus ' own banquet hall to here . 
 does it still exist ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` it does . 
 but it is closed and they would n't be able to use it anyway . 
 they have eaten here so they must remain . '' 
 `` i know , '' i replied softly . 
 `` i was just wondering about it . '' 
 `` if i open it , we can use it , '' she answered knowingly , understanding my question . 
 `` but not them . '' 
 `` not them , '' i repeated quietly , pondering that . 
 `` it must have been so strange for them all of this time ... being trapped here in this identical world , never being able to get home ... especially with the portal right beneath their fingers . 
 they simply could n't use it . '' 
 `` they are not accustomed to being rendered helpless , either , '' cadmus interjected . 
 `` i still ca n't quite believe that you managed to carry this off . 
 i ca n't believe that zeus allowed himself to be deceived . 
 it 's almost unfathomable . '' 
 `` he knew it would happen , '' hecate reminded him . 
 `` he had seen it coming long before it happened . 
 he just did n't know how or when . 
 he was constantly watching for it . 
 we simply used an approach that he did n't expect . '' 
 `` and who would expect this ? '' 
 i asked , still staring around me in wonder . 
 `` this is incredible . '' 
 hecate did n't seem impressed . 
 but then again , she probably just harbored regret over the part she played in putting the gods here . 
 i could n't blame her . 
 i would feel the same way . 
 so rather than rubbing salt in her wound and continuing to gush about the wonders around us , i fell silent . 
 we made our way quickly through the city and up the winding road to the palace . 
 pristine and sprawling , it was exactly like its authentic counterpart . 
 massive marble columns lined the porches and walkways , manicured lawns stretched as far as the eye could see and thousands of windows sparkled in the light . 
 as i stood still and looked upward at this beautiful building , i suddenly felt apprehensive . 
 would hades be waiting for us inside ? 
 he had to know that we would find our way here . 
 was this a set-up or a trap ? 
 i took a deep breath , but i did n't see what choice we had . 
 we had to continue . 
 in typical fashion , ares barged onward , up the wide steps and to the front doors . 
 he did n't knock , he simply entered . 
 to my shock , the doors were n't locked . 
 that seemed strange and only increased my unease . 
 as we filed into the palace , it was easy to pretend that we were entering the real palace on the real olympus . 
 the rooms were sparkling clean , the stone floors buffed and polished . 
 windows stretched floor to ceiling , elegant and lavish furniture was artfully arranged in every room with beautiful art adorning the walls . 
 but each room was empty . 
 `` where is everyone ? '' 
 aphrodite murmured as we made our way quietly through the rooms . 
 `` the dungeon ? '' 
 ortrera suggested . 
 `` most likely , '' i agreed . 
 `` we should head that way . '' 
 as we turned into the next hall , we finally encountered another person , a young servant girl with her arms full of fresh towels . 
 `` you , there ! '' 
 ares called , motioning to her . 
 `` where is everyone ? '' 
 she seemed startled to find strangers walking toward her , but she did n't run away . 
 she approached us with a timid expression . 
 `` they 're in the courtyard , sir , '' she replied meekly , her head bowed . 
 `` the courtyard ? '' 
 ares ' brow was furrowed . 
 `` very well . 
 thank you . '' 
 she nodded and scurried on her way as we looked at each other anxiously . 
 the courtyard ? 
 perhaps this was a trap after all . 
 maybe an ambush was waiting for us outside . 
 we would have to tread carefully . 
 ares and cadmus led the way through the remaining part of the castle and within a few minutes , we spilled out the back doors onto the terrace that led to the courtyards . 
 `` what the hell ... '' ares stopped talking as confusion overtook him . 
 the gods were having a party . 
 long lantern strings were hung festively from tree to tree , swinging gently in the breeze . 
 elaborate flower arrangements and fruit adorned each long banquet table , while large lotus blossoms drifted down upon the banquet attendees . 
 in the middle , several gods were dancing and everyone here was laughing and having a wonderful time while zeus and hera looked on from the head table . 
 `` what is the meaning of this ? '' 
 ares roared . 
 everyone stopped moving and turned our way . 
 i suddenly felt self-conscious , as though we had just crashed a party instead of staging an elaborate rescue maneuver . 
 i felt my cheeks flush as every silver eye in the courtyard fixed upon us . 
 zeus ' ancient face lit up as he saw us , his eyes crinkling at the corners as he smiled . 
 `` ares , '' zeus called happily . 
 `` come forward , my friend . 
 it 's been a long time . 
 aphrodite , it is nice to see your lovely face . '' 
 his silver eyes scanned the rest of the group and halted when they found me . 
 `` and harmonia . 
 i am so pleased that you have been victorious . '' 
 `` victorious ? '' 
 i asked hesitantly . 
 `` i was given no choice . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i know , sweet girl . 
 my apologies . 
 but it was the only way . 
 i hope you see that . 
 and now that you 're here , you can feast with us . 
 come . 
 join us ! 
 it 's beautiful here . 
 we have not a care in the world . '' 
 he waved his hand and the dancers began dancing again . 
 i studied the scene in front of me warily . 
 zeus ' demeanor was strange . 
 he was as light and carefree as i had ever seen him . 
 his face , which was usually serious and lined with worry-lines , was relaxed and he was actually smiling . 
 i looked at him uncertainly and felt everyone with me do the same . 
 `` mother ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she replied , not taking her gaze from the festivities . 
 `` nothing , sweet girl , '' zeus called from across the courtyard . 
 he had heard me and i startled . 
 how was that possible ? 
 our gifts were blocked here in the underworld . 
 `` not for us , '' zeus replied again with a wide grin . 
 `` we have an unlimited supply of nectar here that perpetuates our gifts . 
 life is good . '' 
 he could also read our minds . 
 we all realized it at the same time . 
 without our gifts , we were n't able to block our thoughts and i suddenly had the uneasy thought that we might actually need to . 
 `` no , you do not , '' zeus replied indignantly . 
 `` why would that be the case ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i answered calmly . 
 `` this is just all very strange to me . 
 we have traveled through hell and high water to get to you - to save you - and now that we have arrived , we see that you 're having a party , as happy as larks . 
 i find that curious , to say the least . '' 
 zeus ' stare flitted from me to hecate and for a split second , it hardened , and then he relaxed once again . 
 `` hecate , '' he drawled slowly . 
 her shoulders slumped as he spoke , weighed down by her every contributing action that had put them here . 
 `` i should be angry with you , but i am not . 
 i 'll admit i was furious in the beginning , but we have found joy here . 
 you can not imagine how wonderful it is to bear no responsibility for the world at all . 
 we are free to simply enjoy our own lives . 
 so , perhaps i should thank you instead . '' 
 `` you speak as if you like it here , '' ares replied uncertainly , shock evidenced on his face . 
 i was certain it was mirrored on my own . 
 zeus shrugged . 
 `` tis the truth , we do . '' 
 `` but you ca n't leave , '' i pointed out , still in shock . 
 `` no , we ca n't . 
 but why would we want to ? 
 we have everything we need . 
 you should see for yourselves . 
 stay with us ! '' 
 `` you ca n't be serious ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` after everything you have put us through - for thousands of years - in order to secure your rescue , you can sit there and nonchalantly dismiss it and tell us that life is wonderful here ? 
 if life is so wonderful here , you should have simply volunteered to come in the first place and saved the rest of us a bunch of heartache . '' 
 `` harmonia , '' aphrodite began warningly . 
 `` what , mother ? '' 
 i replied angrily . 
 `` what is he going to do ? 
 he apparently does n't care that he has abdicated his reign . 
 i ca n't show him respect right now because i do n't feel it . '' 
 `` she 's right , aphrodite , '' ares declared . 
 `` this is rubbish . 
 all of it . '' 
 he stomped through the festival-goers and stood in front of zeus , leaning down to speak directly into his face . 
 `` you have wronged us , zeus . '' 
 zeus appraised him quietly and then nodded . 
 `` you are correct . 
 i have . 
 it was not meant that way , you understand . 
 we were tricked into entrapment here , but as the years passed , we settled into life here . 
 there are no power struggles , no corruption , no hate . 
 hades leaves us be , he simply enjoys the powerful energy that we garner with our presence . 
 there is nothing to dislike , and i can not imagine ever wanting to return to the spiritlands . '' 
 his statement caused most of us to drop our mouths open . 
 this could n't be happening . 
 everything that we had been through ... had been for this ? 
 it was unfathomable . 
 and to make it worse , zeus did n't seem to care . 
 `` come now , '' he called to the rest of us . 
 `` come and catch us up on the latest goings-on . 
 we 'll be interested to learn how you have managed to topple the fates . '' 
 his words brought an interesting point back to mind . 
 `` zeus , '' i began , `` with the fates ' overthrown and you here in the underworld , there is no one at the helm , so to speak . 
 there is no one to monitor the mortal world , no one to regulate the spiritlands . 
 this is just ... irresponsible . 
 you must return . 
 you are the only one who can use your sword correctly . 
 we tried and failed miserably , making some things even worse in the process . 
 we need you to set everything to rights . '' 
 he stared at me like i had two heads . 
 `` there is something that i have learned since i have been here , harmonia , something monumental . 
 it does n't matter if we interfere or not , life ... whether it be mortals or gods ... goes on without us . 
 we might bend something to our will , but that does not mean that the way it would have gone on its own would have been any less right . 
 we are unnecessary , '' he concluded simply . 
 `` i believe that we have out-lived our purpose . '' 
 `` you have given up , '' i replied , drawing my own conclusions . 
 `` you have simply given up . '' 
 `` no , '' he shook his head . 
 `` that is not the case . 
 what i have just told you is the truth . 
 and if you had been cognizant of your surroundings and your true self all of these years , you would have come to this same realization . 
 fate ... destiny ... those are simply words that we use to fool ourselves with . 
 neither of those things exists . 
 every person takes their own lives into their own hands , they make their own decisions . 
 we are not needed for that . 
 we only thought that we were . '' 
 `` so , it 's all just been a big misunderstanding ? '' 
 i snapped sarcastically . 
 `` for all of these years , we 've been deluded and living a lie ? 
 i ca n't believe what i 'm hearing . '' 
 cadmus laid his hand soothingly on my arm , a silent warning to check myself - to remain calm . 
 i glanced down and swallowed . 
 then swallowed again . 
 he was right . 
 it would do no good to lose my temper with this god of gods . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` harmonia , '' zeus said calmly . 
 `` you can not leave right now at any rate . 
 there is much to be discussed and you will need to determine a way to leave . 
 stay . 
 drink nectar - you all need it , i am sure . '' 
 his grandfatherly face was placid and unbothered , his silver hair thick and unruly as usual . 
 he remained seated with his wife , waiting for our reply . 
 i nodded curtly . 
 it would certainly be nice to take in nectar . 
 we could use our gifts back . 
 `` wonderful ! '' 
 zeus said warmly . 
 `` we shall show you to your rooms . '' 
 `` i think we can find them ourselves , '' i answered . 
 `` we know the way . '' 
 `` that you do , '' he nodded . 
 `` that you do . '' 
 we retreated from the courtyard silently , making our way back into the large , empty palace and stood in a tired group , looking at each other dazedly . 
 `` did that even just happen ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it does n't seem possible . 
 if they do not want to return , if they do not want to retake their rightful places , then what will happen ? '' 
 hecate shook her head slowly . 
 `` this is not something that i ever foresaw . 
 i have no notion of what to do . 
 in all of my travels here in the underworld , hades never allowed me access here , and i did n't want it . 
 i thought the gods would be furious with me and i did n't want to face that . 
 this ... this is not what i expected . 
 i 'm sorry that i was n't able to provide you with warning . '' 
 `` do you think they 've been bewitched ? '' 
 aphrodite asked . 
 `` that would at least make sense . '' 
 ares nodded slowly in agreement . 
 `` that would indeed make sense . 
 hecate , what do you think ? 
 is that a possibility ? '' 
 she appeared to consider that . 
 `` i do not know . 
 i do n't know how it would have been done . '' 
 i remembered how each silver gaze had fixated on me - not intensely as would have been the case once upon a time , but instead , very relaxed and complacent . 
 they were simply curious at our arrival . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 i think they 've just grown lazy here . 
 they 've grown used to this way of life and they think there is no reason for them to return . 
 from their point of view , they 've been here for thousands of years with no negative effects on the world . 
 they just do n't realize ... '' cadmus rubbed my back . 
 `` we 'll talk with them again tomorrow , harmonia . 
 for now , let us get a drink and some rest . 
 we all desperately need it . 
 ortrera 's warriors look dead on their feet . 
 they 've been guarding us constantly without sleep . '' 
 `` we 're fine , '' ortrera insisted , although her face was tired and worn . 
 `` of course you are , '' i answered with a small grin . 
 `` sister , it is not a weakness to grow weary . 
 you have n't slept in days . '' 
 she dismissed my concern with a scowl and a shake of her head , so i let it drop . 
 the amazons were proud to a fault . 
 they would rather die than admit what they considered a weakness . 
 i trailed my hand on the polished banister as we climbed the majestic staircase . 
 i could n't remember the last time i had been so tired myself . 
 raquel clung to my other hand , still looking around in bewilderment . 
 if it was hard for me to comprehend , it must be near impossible for her . 
 there was no way we were going to let her out of our sight , so we kept her in the same bedroom with us , snuggling her into the middle of the bed . 
 as we climbed in next to her , cadmus on one side and me on the other , i stroked her dark hair away from her face . 
 `` everything will be fine now , '' i whispered to her . 
 `` we 're safe . 
 we 'll sleep and then figure out what we 're going to do next . '' 
 `` but what about hades , mama ? '' 
 she asked , her eyes widening in anxiety . 
 `` empusa said that he could be anywhere at any given time and i know that he is looking for us . 
 why does he want us ? '' 
 i thought for a minute about what to say . 
 hades was a very complex person , as were his intentions . 
 finally , i replied . 
 `` hades is complicated , '' i began . 
 `` i do n't believe that he is all bad . 
 he has his own priorities and sometimes , i think he has lost touch with human values . '' 
 `` but he 's not human , he 's a god , '' raquel pointed out . 
 `` i know . 
 but even as gods , we have human emotions . 
 hades allows his to become blurred sometimes . 
 he gets blinded by trying to get what he wants ... which is bringing more people to join him here in the underworld . 
 the more people who are here , the more energy this place has . 
 i think that 's where the light comes from in erebus . 
 if you notice , there is no light at all in tartara - because the souls there are black . 
 the souls in erebus are neither good nor bad , so there is a muted , soft light from their energy . 
 but here in the isles , the light is as bright as sunshine . 
 and i think that can only be because the souls here are the purest and the best . 
 hades values this . 
 he wants our energy . '' 
 `` even mine ? '' 
 raquel 's voice was tiny . 
 `` probably . 
 but do n't you worry , '' cadmus said fiercely . 
 `` he ca n't have you . 
 i will protect you with my life . 
 and your father is a warrior . '' 
 `` one of the best , '' i agreed proudly . 
 `` has he ever told you of the dragons that he has slayed ? '' 
 she shook her head , her eyes wide . 
 i snuggled closer and listened to cadmus ' husky voice tell tales of his own bravery as i drifted off to sleep . 
 i immediately wished that i was still awake . 
 in my dream , i was in a dark , scary place filled with shadows and the sound of dripping water . 
 i knew right away that i had been summoned here , although i could n't imagine by whom . 
 everyone who usually came to me in dreams was here with me now , including ahmose . 
 i did n't have to wait long to find out . 
 `` oh , harmonia , '' a deep , velvety voice said from behind me . 
 i spun around to find hades stepping from the shadows . 
 he was as handsome as ever with his dark eyes glinting as he appraised me . 
 `` did you think that i would n't find you ? '' 
 he did n't sound angry . 
 he sounded very patient . 
 i took a step back . 
 i had learned one thing . 
 nothing was ever what it seemed . 
 if he seemed calm and patient , it was most likely that he was the exact opposite . 
 he threw his head back and laughed . 
 `` i do so enjoy you , harmonia . 
 i 'm not going to rage against you . 
 why would i do that ? 
 there are much more genteel ways to get what i want . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 i asked nervously . 
 `` we 'll get to that , '' he promised . 
 `` for now , let me look at you . '' 
 he walked closer and stepped directly in front of me , reaching out to grasp my chin . 
 turning it this way and that , he examined me . 
 `` flushed cheeks , sparkling eyes , refreshed skin , '' he observed . 
 `` someone has been drinking nectar again . '' 
 `` only a sip before bed , '' i replied warily . 
 `` oh , i am not condemning you , '' he assured me . 
 `` of course not . 
 it is exactly what i would expect . 
 and you look refreshed and lovely . 
 did you enjoy your visit with the olympians ? '' 
 he studied me innocently , waiting for me to explode . 
 i did n't give him the satisfaction . 
 `` why , yes . 
 we did . 
 it was n't what we expected , but we can work with it . 
 so few things in life are as expected . '' 
 he moved closer and inhaled my neck and i found that his nearness made me woozy . 
 what was it about him that drew me in like this ? 
 whenever i was not with him , i did n't struggle with thinking about him . 
 it was only a condition that popped up in his presence . 
 the term ` animal magnetism ' did n't begin to cover it . 
 `` i 'm glad you feel that way , '' he said with a sly grin , reading my thoughts . 
 `` i 'm extremely attracted to you , as well . 
 you 've occupied my thoughts ever since you arrived . 
 your beauty , your innocence , your purity . 
 think of what you and i could accomplish together , little one . 
 think on that . '' 
 `` persephone would n't enjoy that , '' i pointed out . 
 `` she gave me the helm so that i could escape to prevent that very thing . '' 
 his lip twisted into a snarl for just a moment before he composed himself again . 
 `` yes , the helm . 
 we shall get to that , as well . '' 
 `` hades , you 're very handsome . 
 it is true . 
 and whenever i am near you , you do something that makes me feel almost unbearably attracted to you . 
 but i know that you are somehow inflicting that reaction in me . 
 i love my husband more than life itself . 
 i would never choose you over him . 
 so , whatever you are plotting , put it out of your head . 
 i wo n't agree to it . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 he asked in amusement . 
 `` i do so love your passion , harmonia . 
 it is one of the things that draws me to you . 
 but you must learn to not be so impetuous . 
 you can not react to any situation with certainty until you know all of the extenuating circumstances . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 he held out his elbow and i stared at him unmoving . 
 `` you really think i will just walk with you ? '' 
 `` would you like to see your mortal mother ? '' 
 he asked simply . 
 my jaw dropped . 
 in my utter weariness and all of the excitement and stress of finding the olympians , i had momentarily forgotten what ahmose had told me - that my mother had disappeared from ogygia . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 in answer , he held out his elbow again . 
 gritting my teeth , i took it and we strolled slowly further into the dark abyss that surrounded us . 
 we did n't need to go far . 
 three glittering golden cages stood in the middle of the room . 
 they were beautiful , with ivy garlands wrapped around the bars festively . 
 inside each one , a shadowy figure sat . 
 i crept closer to see more clearly and gasped . 
 not only did he have my mother , but my best friends from the mortal world , jess and jenn gray were here as well . 
 i yanked free of him and ran to the cages . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 i cried as i pulled at her bars . 
 but even with my goddess strength , they did n't budge . 
 allison lockhart eyed me calmly . 
 `` hi sweetie ! 
 have you come to join us ? '' 
 i froze . 
 she did n't seem bothered or afraid . 
 i looked into her cage , and saw that it extended magically into a set of lavish bedchambers . 
 it only appeared as gilded cage . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` mom , are you alright ? '' 
 she looked at me strangely . 
 `` of course i am , sweetie . 
 i 've never been better . '' 
 confusion clouded my thoughts as i turned to my friends . 
 `` jess ? 
 jenn ? '' 
 i asked warily . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 jess gave me her signature sassy look , her little pixie nose tilted into the air . 
 `` why in the world would n't we be , macy ? 
 i 'm ticked though because you have never shared this place with me . 
 hades says that you have known him a long time . 
 and i 'm supposed to be your best friend . 
 you 've been holding out on me . '' 
 `` holding out on you ? '' 
 i repeated uncertainly as dread filled me up . 
 what in the hell was going on here ? 
 hades crooked one finger at jess and she eagerly jumped from her seat , throwing open her cage door and flinging herself into his waiting arms . 
 he kissed her long and lustfully as she curled her body around his . 
 he glanced up at me as jess sighed contentedly . 
 `` what have you done to them ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` hades ? 
 this is ... this is atrocious . '' 
 he withdrew from jess and motioned for her to return to her cage . 
 she sighed , but obediently returned , glaring at me as she passed . 
 `` why is it atrocious , macy ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` are you jealous ? '' 
 `` jealous ? '' 
 i repeated . 
 i turned to jenn . 
 `` jenn ... surely you do n't feel the same way . '' 
 `` what way do you mean , macy ? '' 
 she turned to me innocently . 
 `` we love it here . 
 why would n't we ? '' 
 she sounded puzzled . 
 `` no homework , hades is amazing ... and we feel perfect , all of the time . '' 
 `` but you 're prisoners , '' i pointed out . 
 they all three shook their heads in unison . 
 `` we can go anywhere here that we wish , '' my mom answered proudly . 
 `` not at first , but we proved ourselves . 
 we showed hades that we do n't want to leave , so now we 're free to roam as we wish . '' 
 my gaze flew to hades . 
 `` i do n't know what is going on here , but you need to release them . 
 they do n't belong here . '' 
 i tuned out their protests as i focused on the god of the underworld . 
 `` i do n't know what you 've done to them , but stop . '' 
 he looked at me in dark amusement . 
 `` sweet harmonia . 
 it is not something that i 've ` done ' , it is just the way that i am . 
 i can not help it . 
 the attraction that you feel toward me ? 
 amplify that by at least a thousand . 
 that is how mortals feel when i am near . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it is just the way it is . 
 they are attracted to me , almost uncontrollably . 
 they ca n't help it and neither can i . 
 it is just something about me . '' 
 `` it is one of your abilities , '' i whispered in realization . 
 `` it is how you draw people here and keep them . '' 
 he smiled at me silently , his teeth blindingly white . 
 i found that i had to fight the strange attraction to him myself ... still . 
 it was maddening , but the pull toward him was certainly there as much as i did n't want it . 
 `` your friends and your mother like it here , harmonia , '' he pointed out needlessly . 
 `` yes , '' i snapped . 
 `` because you 've made it so . 
 you ca n't just steal them away and keep them . 
 they have lives in the mortal world . '' 
 i found it odd that none of the three were asking any questions about their surroundings or the supernatural element that was around them . 
 they had been abruptly thrust into it , yet they acted as if everything was normal , as though they had forgotten their mortal upbringings . 
 they were n't even curious about my appearance - i was wearing clothing from my home on olympus and i was covered in my husband 's blood . 
 i had n't yet had time to wash it off . 
 and none of them found that odd ? 
 `` harmonia , '' hades began smoothly , his voice like melted butter . 
 `` you must do what i wish or these three lovely ladies will no longer be welcome here with me . 
 i 'll have to send them away to tartara . 
 do you want that ? '' 
 they immediately began protesting and crying at the thought of being separated from hades , not at the thought of being sent to tartara . 
 i shook my head in wonderment . 
 this was absolutely insane . 
 yet , on one level , i understood it . 
 if his magnetism was hard for me to resist , it must be impossible for them . 
 and they probably had no idea what tartara even was . 
 but i did . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i growled . 
 `` oh , it 's a decision you 've had to make before , chosen one . 
 and you made it then . 
 let us see if you will choose the same now . 
 you for them . '' 
 a rush of deja vu washed over me . 
 yes , i had certainly been faced with this before , when the fates had forced me to choose between my own life and those of everyone that i loved , including cadmus . 
 i had stood on the lip of a massive fire pit and had eventually decided to sacrifice myself . 
 i exhaled a ragged sigh . 
 i had even more to lose now . 
 i had a daughter . 
 `` you wo n't lose her , '' hades replied to my thought . 
 `` she can stay with you . 
 i do n't ask for your life , i simply ask for you to stay here in the underworld with me . '' 
 the darkness seemed to swirl around me as i weighed his demand . 
 it was so much to think about that i could scarcely process it . 
 `` and if i do n't ? '' 
 i murmured . 
 `` then tartara will have three new prisoners , '' hades answered smoothly and strangely without malice . 
 `` i do n't wish to torture you , harmonia . 
 i simply know no other way to gain your cooperation . 
 `` i need you to wake up now . 
 sneak outside of the palace and you will find someone waiting to bring you to me . 
 come alone . 
 do not wake cadmus or anyone else . 
 if you do , the consequences will be dire . 
 i will not only send your mother and friends to tartara , but i will be forced to take your daughter , as well . 
 do n't force me to do that . '' 
 he studied me for a silent moment , his handsome face impassive as he waited . 
 i struggled internally for a moment , but quickly came to the realization that i had no choice . 
 i nodded . 
 `` fine . 
 i will come to you and we will discuss this . '' 
 `` oh , i doubt there will be much discussion . 
 but come to me . 
 and these three women will be saved . '' 
 i opened my eyes . 
 i was safely in bed with cadmus and raquel . 
 but i was n't truly safe , i knew that . 
 and at the moment , neither were jess , jenn or my mother . 
 i sighed and brushed a kiss across raquel 's brow . 
 she was sleeping quietly , her face angelic in her slumber . 
 i watched her for a moment , memorizing every plane of her face . 
 i had no idea when i would see her again . 
 i leaned over her and kissed cadmus lightly on the cheek without waking him . 
 in his sleep , he tightened his arm around us and a knot tightened in my throat . 
 quietly , i slipped from under his arm and out of bed . 
 `` mama ? '' 
 a small voice called . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i startled and turned back . 
 `` raquel , i thought you were asleep , '' i whispered , leaning back over the bed . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm too excited to sleep . '' 
 i brushed her hair away from her face . 
 `` i 'll be back in just a while , sweetpea , '' i murmured . 
 `` you stay here with daddy and keep him company , alright ? '' 
 she nodded trustingly and i swallowed hard as i bent to kiss her one more time before i turned and walked into the hall , working my way stealthily to the main floor of the palace . 
 peeking out the back windows , i found everyone still dancing and laughing outside in the courtyard . 
 i crept past the windows lining the terrace and out onto a side porch . 
 i stopped abruptly when i found eris sitting on the top step . 
 her dark hair was piled on her head and her white gown was spread around her . 
 she looked at me for a moment , but her gaze was not vindictive . 
 it was just ... matter-of-fact . 
 `` i 've been waiting for you , '' she murmured . 
 i returned her gaze and lifted my chin . 
 it had seemed that treachery had found me once again . 
 would it never end ? 
 chapter thirteen `` i should have expected this from you , '' i hissed as i stepped down the wide stone steps after eris . 
 `` what was i thinking in trusting you ? '' 
 eris glanced over her shoulder at me as we quickly walked away from the palace . 
 `` normally , you would be correct and entirely valid in your opinion of me . 
 this time , however , i have had no choice . 
 hades has alexi 's soul now . 
 he said that he will return it to us if i do this one thing . '' 
 `` it 's always ` one thing ' with you , is n't it ? '' 
 i asked wearily . 
 `` the fates asked ` one thing ' of you before - to bewitch cadmus and kidnap him to the spiritlands . 
 you happily did that , did n't you ? '' 
 `` are we back to that ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` they promised to return my immortality . 
 surely you can understand why i took that deal ! '' 
 i tried to block the unwanted images of cadmus and eris locked in an embrace . 
 she had bewitched him and given him a love potion to make him think that he was in love with her . 
 she had taken him back to her home in the spiritlands in order to lure aphrodite and me there . 
 it had worked and eris had taken quite a lot of enjoyment in taunting me with that situation . 
 it was hard to forget , but i shook the memories away now . 
 now was n't the time to dwell on the past . 
 `` no . 
 i probably will never forgive you for that . 
 but i suppose that i can somewhat understand your actions today , '' i admitted gruffly . 
 `` i , too , would do anything for those that i love . 
 i find that i can not hold it against you . '' 
 eris looked strangely vulnerable for a moment and i wondered , just briefly , if she did possess a conscience after all . 
 but she quickly masked it and continued walking briskly . 
 i followed behind her and we fell into silence , but it was n't long until we came to a lotus tree . 
 an owl was perched on the lowest limb and i would almost swear that it was the same owl that i saw next to the necromanteion . 
 i studied it and it looked back at me with unblinking amber eyes . 
 it had to be the same . 
 eris held out her hand and the owl extended a clenched claw , dropping two small bright pink blossoms onto her palm . 
 she held one out to me and put the other in her mouth . 
 `` no , do n't ! '' 
 i cried , reaching out to stop her , but it was too late . 
 she was already chewing . 
 `` eris , what have you done ? 
 you know that you can not leave here now . '' 
 she stared at me calmly . 
 `` what i know is that things are very muddled right now . 
 it is difficult to say who will wind up on top . 
 and is there really a ` top ' ? 
 i find , as time goes on , that things are rarely what they seem and power is a very fluid and finicky thing . 
 eating these is the only way to quickly arrive at hades ' palace , a place where we both need to be . 
 if zeus comes to his senses , perhaps he will provide a way for us to return . 
 if not , perhaps hades will be good to us . '' 
 she shrugged her thin shoulders and then swallowed . 
 i stared at her in apprehension . 
 her words were uncharacteristically wise . 
 she was right . 
 we had no idea who would end up in control when all was said and done . 
 in the meantime , we had to do what we needed to do in order to take care of ourselves . 
 i reached out a shaking hand and took the flower . 
 chewing it , i damned myself to an eternal existence in the underworld . 
 my only hope now was that someone took mercy on me and set me free . 
 i swallowed . 
 but it was what i had to do . 
 and as a mother , i would do it again and again and again in order to secure raquel 's safety . 
 eris looked at me and nodded . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 she grasped my hand and we were gone . 
 before i knew it , we were standing in front of hades ' imposing palace . 
 my head whirled just a bit from the instantaneous travel , but after just a moment , i felt back to normal . 
 i felt just like any other person would who was walking to their eternal damnation : numb . 
 the drawbridge lowered and the guards nodded to us . 
 clearly , we were expected . 
 we quickly entered , stepping into the entryway and found hades waiting . 
 `` ladies , '' he nodded . 
 i stared at him in return . 
 he might think that he wanted to keep me for all of eternity , but i was not going to make it pleasant . 
 `` welcome back . '' 
 he snapped his fingers and a hunchbacked undead servant appeared . 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 the servant asked . 
 `` bring alexi , '' hades demanded . 
 i stared at him dumbfounded . 
 `` how did you get him so fast ? 
 he was in zeus ' palace when i left . '' 
 hades smiled . 
 `` no , he was n't . 
 he was in zeus ' palace when you retired for a nap . 
 now he is here . '' 
 he offered no explanation and i found that i really did n't care to know how he had retrieved alexi so quickly . 
 within minutes , the servant had returned with him . 
 as always , alexi was cold and unemotional . 
 i knew now that it was because his soul was gone . 
 i had n't known that when i had first met him - when he had shown up in my bedroom in the mortal world to take me to the spiritlands for the fates . 
 i had just thought he was a jerk . 
 he stood before me now , his arms limply at his sides , his eyes straight ahead . 
 he was handsome in a very pale way . 
 he was n't my personal cup of tea , but eris was staring at him with hearts in her eyes . 
 i could n't believe that i had never noticed that before , either . 
 i briefly wondered how long it had been going on before hades moved to a corner of the room . 
 the box of souls sat on a marble pedestal . 
 i almost cried out , but restrained myself . 
 how had hades gotten it from the keres ? 
 but just as soon as i wondered , the answer came to me . 
 obviously , alecto had somehow finagled it . 
 i found that once again , i did n't want to know the details . 
 hades opened the lid and simply reached into the box . 
 within a second , he had withdrawn his hand and closed the box once again , turning around to face us . 
 `` you realize the price ? '' 
 he asked eris . 
 she nodded stoically , without saying a word . 
 `` you are bound to me for eternity , '' hades said . 
 `` you belong to me now . '' 
 eris nodded once more , one short determined nod . 
 i did n't bother to protest or try to intervene . 
 i knew what it was like to trade yourself for someone else . 
 i knew her mind would not be swayed . 
 i had to admit , i respected her for her decision . 
 she was putting someone above herself , something i never thought i would see . 
 `` very well , '' hades said pleasantly . 
 `` we have a deal . '' 
 he extended his hand and opened his fingers , blowing a puff of air in that direction . 
 a shimmery cloud formed in front of us and sailed directly toward alexi . 
 he automatically opened his mouth and then stiffened as the cloud filled him up . 
 he was rigid and silent for a moment while color quickly flooded his cheeks . 
 the change was immediate and obvious . 
 alexi looked around in confusion for a moment before he was able to compose himself . 
 the first expression to cross his face was a perplexed one . 
 and then relief as he saw eris . 
 `` eris ? '' 
 he breathed . 
 she flew into his arms in record time and i had the sudden urge to cry . 
 somehow , my arch nemesis had managed to procure a deal that would keep she and her beloved together for eternity . 
 it did n't matter to them that they belonged to hades now - they would face that together . 
 i felt an overwhelming rush of jealousy . 
 i did n't have that anymore . 
 i had to leave my soul mate in order to protect my family . 
 it was the story of my life . 
 `` now , then , '' hades said pleasantly . 
 `` you may return to the spiritlands . 
 you will be more useful there than here right now . '' 
 `` the spiritlands ? '' 
 eris repeated uncertainly . 
 hades nodded . 
 `` yes , '' he confirmed . 
 `` sometimes it is very useful to me to have people on the outside . 
 you will assist me greatly in the future , i can feel it . '' 
 eris ' shoulders dropped just a bit and i saw the corners of hades ' mouth curl slightly . 
 `` it will be fine , eris , '' he soothed . 
 `` i protect my own . 
 now , go . '' 
 he waved his hand and eris and alexi were gone . 
 i was left alone in the foyer with the god of the underworld . 
 he assessed my mood from where he stood , his dark head cocked thoughtfully . 
 `` and here you are , '' he murmured , moving smoothly to my side . 
 lifting one slender hand , he stroked the side of my face . 
 i struggled to not flinch . 
 `` you have done the right thing , '' he assured me . 
 `` you will be happy here . '' 
 `` will i ? '' 
 i asked sharply . 
 `` i 've had to leave my family . '' 
 `` we 'll discuss that over dinner , '' he replied , offering me his arm . 
 `` now that you can eat here , i have had a feast prepared in your honor . 
 i 'll allow you to retire to your rooms to freshen up . 
 you 'll find fresh clothing for you on your bed . '' 
 he had laid out clothing for me ? 
 strange . 
 i shook my head , but knew that there was nothing i could do but comply . 
 he led me to a suite of rooms , but instead of leaving me , he followed me in . 
 i turned to him in surprise . 
 `` why are you staying ? '' 
 `` because i 'm not ready to leave you yet , '' he replied smoothly . 
 his expression was almost eager and the fact that we were alone together in a bedroom slammed into me . 
 i backed away . 
 `` i will never give myself to you willingly , '' i promised . 
 `` we 'll see , '' he murmured , sliding back up next to me . 
 `` never is a very long time and i 'm very patient . 
 but for now , i only wanted to show you something . 
 come look . '' 
 he moved to one corner of the elaborate suite and pulled a velvet curtain away from a long mirror . 
 it stood at least seven feet tall and was framed in wrought gold . 
 `` show me raquel , '' he demanded . 
 instantly , the sparkling mirror shimmered and i could see inside zeus ' palace , where raquel and cadmus were still peacefully sleeping . 
 they had no idea yet that i was even gone . 
 i felt a rush of relief . 
 even though it was inevitable , i wanted to put off their heartache for just a bit longer . 
 `` is this what you meant when you said that i could remain with her ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` because that was n't quite what i had in mind . '' 
 he smiled gently . 
 `` there are a couple of options , '' he answered . 
 `` and we 'll discuss them at dinner . 
 first , you should wash . 
 then you must get dressed . '' 
 he waved his hand toward the bed and i found a gorgeous jade green crushed-velvet gown there . 
 it was exactly the color of my eyes . 
 `` go ahead . 
 do n't be shy , '' he added . 
 `` you want me to get dressed ... while you are here watching ? '' 
 i was incredulous . 
 he smiled again and stepped back to sit on a chair in the corner . 
 he was almost entirely concealed by the shadows , yet every inch of my body felt his presence . 
 `` go ahead , '' he instructed softly . 
 `` i 'm harmless . 
 pretend i am not even here . 
 i know you will look lovely in this gown . 
 i selected it myself . 
 i can not wait to see it on you . '' 
 `` i 'm not washing , '' i said firmly . 
 `` it 's my husband 's blood . 
 if you do n't like it , do n't look at me . '' 
 a low chuckle came from the corner . 
 `` i 'm the god of the underworld , '' he said . 
 `` do you think the sight of blood bothers me ? '' 
 i sighed and turned to the gown . 
 it was silly to refuse to wash , but as long as cadmus ' blood was still smeared on me , then i felt as though he was still here with me , in a strange way . 
 the shadows covered hades ' face , so i tried to pretend that he was n't here with me . 
 turning my back to him , i lowered my thigh-length tunic and allowed it to drop to my ankles . 
 i stepped out of it and reached for the gown , but hades voice murmured into my ear from directly behind me . 
 he had moved so quietly that i did n't even hear him . 
 `` allow me , '' he breathed . 
 he held out the gown and i moved away from him . 
 `` i 'll never allow you to touch me , '' i snarled . 
 `` i 'm a married woman . 
 my heart belongs to cadmus . '' 
 `` trust me , i 'll never touch you against your will , '' he promised . 
 `` i 'm simply going to help you with this gown . 
 the buttons are complicated . '' 
 i eyed him for a moment and then sighed , stepping into the gown and pulling it up as quickly as i could , covering my naked body . 
 he fastened the buttons that lined my back , standing so close that i could feel his warm breath on my neck . 
 regardless of my protests that i would never let him touch me , my body longed for it . 
 it was an effect that i could n't control and i could n't ignore . 
 my nerve endings were on fire where he touched and i ached to lean closer to him . 
 i hated it . 
 but i could n't help it . 
 he brought his lips to the side of my bare neck and brushed them softly along my skin . 
 without meaning to , i whimpered and then silently cursed myself . 
 i did n't want him to know the effect he had on me . 
 steeling myself , i focused on cadmus ' face in my mind , trying desperately to ignore hades ' powerful charm . 
 block it out , block it out , i chanted silently . 
 i had forgotten , however , that hades could read my thoughts and i felt him smile against my neck . 
 `` just as i thought , '' he said softly . 
 `` you 're exquisite . 
 i 'll leave you now to finish . '' 
 he was gone and i did n't even hear the door close behind him . 
 letting my breath exhale in a rush , i turned to the mirror on the vanity . 
 the gown was becoming . 
 it was strapless and hugged my form , with a slit on one side all the way to my hip . 
 my husband 's blood was still smeared on my arms and my cheek and i felt a tiny bit of satisfaction . 
 maybe it would act as a reminder to hades that i was a married woman . 
 not that it mattered to him . 
 on the vanity counter , i saw a glittering emerald necklace , chunky and elaborate . 
 i smirked . 
 nice try , hades , i thought . 
 i hoped that he was listening to my thoughts right now . 
 there was no way that i was removing my bloodstone and replacing it with any other necklace . 
 no way in ... well , hades . 
 i looked into the magic mirror one more time before leaving and found my husband and daughter still sleeping . 
 i traced the outlines of their faces on the glass , sadness welling up in my heart . 
 was this really going to be my future ? 
 i would forever be damned to watching them from a mirror ? 
 i swallowed a lump in my throat and turned away , leaving my new bedchambers for dinner . 
 when i arrived in the dining room , i found hades already seated at one end of the table . 
 persephone was at the other end , radiant in a canary yellow satin gown . 
 bright yellow sapphires adorned her hair and her neck . 
 she did n't look pleased to see me , not that i could blame her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , persephone , '' i told her quietly . 
 `` i do not wish to be here . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'm sure , '' she acknowledged . 
 `` but it does n't change the fact that you are . '' 
 i ignored that and walked to the only other place setting at the long table . 
 i was situated directly between persephone and hades . 
 before i knew it , he was behind me , sliding out my chair like a perfect gentleman . 
 i sighed again and was seated . 
 this might possibly be the strangest position i had ever been in . 
 i was sitting directly in the middle of a husband and wife . 
 the husband wanted to sleep with me - to possess me - and the wife had full knowledge of that and to top it off , they loved each other deeply . 
 what an odd marriage . 
 hades snapped his fingers and servants began bringing in the courses of our meal . 
 having not eaten in days , i was starving and practically inhaled my food . 
 each bite was delicious and my goblet was kept full of ice cold nectar . 
 i tried to talk about my situation , but hades shushed me . 
 `` you need to eat , '' he observed . 
 `` we 'll speak in a while . '' 
 it was true - while i desperately wanted to nail down the details of this deal with hades , i was insanely hungry . 
 i put another bite in my mouth , then another . 
 finally , we finished up dessert and it was time to talk . 
 `` now , back to your issue of family , '' hades began . 
 i was pleasantly full and the nectar had replenished my strength . 
 i could feel my cheeks flushing from its effects , just as a mortal 's would flush with too much wine . 
 `` you mentioned something about options ? '' 
 i asked casually , staring at him in the eye . 
 his twinkled happily . 
 i was certain that whatever they were , the options were all to his benefit . 
 `` yes , '' he confirmed . 
 `` you have a couple . 
 first , you may stay in this palace with me while raquel and cadmus continue to stay in the isles of the blessed . 
 this would not be a bad option , chosen one . 
 the isles are filled with every luxury and everything that they could possibly ever want or desire . 
 it is truly a paradise . 
 and you will , of course , retain your magic mirror . 
 you can see them at any given time . '' 
 `` and my second option ? '' 
 i tried to ensure that my voice did n't waver , but it was difficult . 
 the thought of never being with my family again was soul-shattering . 
 `` your second option is to bring them here , to reside with us here in the palace . 
 they will be here with you , and they will have freedom to come and go as they please , roaming anywhere in the underworld that they wish . '' 
 `` and me ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 `` you will be confined to the palace grounds , '' hades answered . 
 `` it is your energy that i find exquisite . 
 i want you near me at all times . '' 
 at the other end of the table , persephone slammed down her goblet , but she remained silent . 
 i glanced in her direction and found her glaring angrily at her husband . 
 he remained unfazed , waiting for my answer . 
 `` why ca n't they return to the spiritlands ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` why must they remain here at all ? '' 
 `` because that simply is n't an option , '' he replied firmly . 
 `` but the isles are a paradise , even more so than the spiritlands . 
 they are better off there , anyway . '' 
 `` in your opinion , '' i added . 
 he smiled . 
 `` my opinion is the only one that matters here . '' 
 unfortunately , i knew that he was right . 
 i was completely at his mercy . 
 and i did n't want my family to be under his thumb on a daily basis . 
 i did n't want my daughter anywhere near him . 
 he nodded . 
 `` excellent choice , '' he approved . 
 `` they shall stay in the isles . '' 
 my heart broke at his words , but i did n't say a word . 
 it was necessary . 
 i had to protect them , no matter the cost . 
 `` and what of my mortal mother and my friends ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i will return them post-haste to their mortal lives . 
 i did n't really need them here , i simply needed them to bring you here . '' 
 `` but what of their memories from here ? '' 
 i asked , troubled . 
 `` they will forever be haunted by this . '' 
 `` no , '' he answered . 
 `` they wo n't be . 
 i shall simply erase those memories . 
 they will have no recollection of this time , whatsoever . 
 it is very easy , really . '' 
 a thought occurred to me and i hesitantly wondered if i should ask . 
 hades saved me from my unease . 
 `` of course , '' he answered my thoughts . 
 `` that is actually a very considerate idea . 
 i can certainly erase you from their memories , as well . 
 i can eliminate all traces of macy lockhart 's existence in the mortal world . 
 that might be the most humane thing to do in this situation , do n't you agree ? '' 
 i nodded numbly . 
 i hated it . 
 i would miss my mother and jess and jenn ... but i could n't live with the thought that they were missing me , too . 
 it would be better if i never existed to them at all . 
 `` consider it done , '' hades concluded . 
 i nodded silently , willing myself not to cry . 
 we finished our after-dinner drinks in silence and i excused myself to my rooms . 
 looking around , i studied my new quarters . 
 they were elaborate and lavish . 
 hades had spared no expense , but i did n't care . 
 the bed was large and soft , encased in a billowing canopy and sheer side panels . 
 fluffy pillows were piled on top and i threw myself onto them , sobbing into them quietly . 
 in all my mortal lives , i had never known such pain as this . 
 it filled me up and i could n't think past it . 
 so , i cried . 
 it was the only thing i could think of to do . 
 i cried for at least an hour and when my heaving sobs finally subsided , i lay spent for a moment longer before i sat up , reaching a shaking hand up to smooth my hair . 
 i glanced at the magic mirror . 
 did i want to see ? 
 i knew by now , they had to know that i was gone . 
 did i really want to see that ? 
 no , i did n't . 
 i could n't stand to see cadmus in pain or see the look on raquel 's face . 
 i could n't imagine what she would feel . 
 she had only just discovered that i was her mother and to have me snatched away now , it would have to be devastating for such a little girl . 
 i truly hoped that aphrodite would swoop in and provide all of the motherly things that cadmus would n't be able to provide . 
 he was a glorious father , but children needed a mother 's touch in some things . 
 standing up , i re-covered the mirror with a velvet drape . 
 i would look again sometime in the near future , but i could n't handle it today . 
 my heart was just too fragile . 
 straightening my clothes , i left my rooms to explore the palace . 
 i would do anything to occupy my mind so that i did n't focus on how on my own devastation . 
 my suite was apparently in a wing dedicated to bedrooms . 
 it was quiet and tranquil during the day with the halls lit softly . 
 i followed the winding corridors out until i emerged in a great room . 
 books lined the walls , from floor to ceiling and i found persephone seated by a raging fire , a book in her hands . 
 she was n't reading it , however . 
 she was staring absently into the flames . 
 `` i 've heard that you can control the phoenix , '' she murmured , without looking up . 
 i had no idea how she knew it was me and i did n't ask . 
 i quietly crossed the room and seated myself in the chair opposing her . 
 `` yes , '' i answered simply . 
 the fire felt wonderfully warm and quickly made me sleepy . 
 the emotions of the day had drained me and i closed my eyes , soaking in the warmth . 
 `` it must be exquisite to be in control of so much power , '' she replied . 
 i felt her eyes on my face , but i did n't open my own . 
 i was suddenly very , very weary . 
 `` not particularly , '' i answered . 
 `` i do n't even know how i do it sometimes . 
 it just happens . '' 
 `` that is because the bird is in tune with you , '' she mused . 
 `` i have a book here somewhere about the phoenix . 
 you are welcome to read it . 
 in fact , you are welcome to use anything that you find here ... except for my husband . '' 
 my eyes snapped open . 
 `` i do n't wish to use your husband , '' i snapped . 
 `` i do n't want anything to do with him and i do n't want to be here at all . 
 i want to be with my own husband and my daughter and the rest of my family . '' 
 `` nevertheless , '' she continued . 
 `` i 'm very possessive and when hades wants something , he can be very persistent and patient . 
 do n't think that i do n't know what kind of effect he has on women . 
 in fact , he has the same effect on men - it just manifests itself differently . 
 people , male or female , usually endeavor to please him . 
 something about him is so ... delicious . '' 
 `` i do n't find it delicious , '' i confided . 
 `` i find it disturbing . 
 i do n't wish to have any feelings about him at all . '' 
 `` but you will , '' she sighed . 
 `` particularly now that you are living here with us . 
 resist it as much as you would like , but i am sure it is bound to happen . 
 unless hades loses interest . 
 that could always happen . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` just remember ... i do n't want your husband . 
 i only want my own . '' 
 `` but your own is not here . 
 and you will be here a very long time , away from cadmus . 
 you can remember that . '' 
 she rose from her seat and took two steps to stand next to me . 
 bending , she kissed a cool kiss on my cheek . 
 she smelled vaguely of oriental spices . 
 `` it will be nice to have female company , '' she murmured . 
 `` i 'm sorry that this has happened to you , harmonia . 
 you are a sweet girl . 
 but take comfort knowing this : i did n't like the underworld at first , either . 
 but it has become my home and i am happy here . 
 so you shall be , too . '' 
 her long skirts rustled as she glided from the room and i found myself staring at the fire in the same exact way she had been doing when i had found her . 
 the flames were warm and mesmerizing , a good way to allow my overwhelmed mind to rest . 
 i stared into them until the warmth lulled me to sleep . 
 immediately , cadmus faced me , his face drawn and anxious . 
 he was clearly beside himself , as i knew he would be . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` i 'll come to you , just tell me where . '' 
 my heart automatically lurched hopefully , but i tampered it back down . 
 he could n't help me . 
 no matter how strong of a warrior he was , he could n't help me now . 
 `` you ca n't , '' i answered sadly . 
 `` i am with hades and you ca n't come here . 
 you ca n't help me . 
 i 'm sorry , cadmus . 
 i had to come . 
 hades threatened everyone that i know and love . 
 he brought my mother here , and jess and jenn ... i had to exchange myself for them . 
 and if i refused , he would 've come for you and raquel . 
 this was the only way . '' 
 `` there is never only one way , '' he admonished me painfully . 
 `` you should have come to me and we would have figured something out . 
 something feasible . 
 your parents are beside themselves and raquel ... '' his voice trailed off . 
 i nodded sadly . 
 `` i know . 
 please tell her that i love her and i 'll always love her . 
 everything that i do is for the two of you . 
 please believe that . '' 
 `` i do , '' he said . 
 `` i believe you , of course i do . 
 i just know there has to be another way . '' 
 his handsome bronzed face was tormented and he paced to and fro as he spoke . 
 with each step , his taut muscles flexed and he reminded me of a caged lion . 
 `` i will think of something , wife . 
 i will not leave you there . '' 
 `` you have to , '' i whispered , leaning up to kiss him . 
 his lips were warm and soft and i wanted to stay in his arms forever , even if it was only in a dream . 
 `` i love you , cadmus . '' 
 i forced myself awake . 
 i could n't stand the pain on my husband 's face for one more second . 
 it was killing me . 
 i stood from the chair and retreated back to my rooms , lying on my side in the giant soft bed . 
 it was strange , sleeping alone again without cadmus at my side . 
 i gritted my teeth and stayed awake as long as i could . 
 i wanted to make sure that cadmus would n't be waiting for me in my dreams again . 
 as much as i wanted to see him , seeing him this way was unbearable . 
 chapter fourteen no one could say that i did n't go through the motions . 
 i went to sleep , i ate with persephone and hades , i went for walks in the gardens , i read books in the library . 
 but my heart was dead . 
 day by day , i forced myself to become number and number , until finally i felt like a living , breathing , piece of wood . 
 it was the only way i could survive it . 
 being away from those that i loved was torturous , an existence that i would n't wish on anyone . 
 i could even forgive eris for defecting to hades ' side , because he had given her back alexi . 
 i knew the feeling now - i would do anything to get my family back . 
 i thought about begging hades , to see if there was anything at all that i could do to pay for my own freedom . 
 it was a long shot , though , so i mulled on it for quite a while . 
 i did n't want to ask , only to be shot down . 
 it would be a crushing blow . 
 one evening , as hades and i sat by the fire in the crushed velvet armchairs , i looked up from the book that i was reading . 
 `` hades , '' i began uncertainly . 
 `` is there anything at all that i can do to persuade you to let me go ? 
 it is killing me inside to be away from my family . 
 i feel as though i am dying slowly . '' 
 he looked up from his own book and studied me thoughtfully . 
 with his dark gaze glued to mine , he closed his book slowly and rose from his chair , kneeling in front of me . 
 taking my hands , he whispered . 
 `` there is one thing . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i cried . 
 `` i 'll do anything . 
 please . 
 i promise you , i 'll do anything . '' 
 he smiled and brushed the hair away from my face gently . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 i nodded silently although the expression on his handsome face caused my stomach to sink . 
 `` i want you , '' he murmured , leaning up to kiss the side of my neck . 
 his lips grazed my skin ever so softly , enough to leave a trail of goose bumps . 
 `` and not just once . 
 that would never be enough . 
 i want you for one night a year for the rest of eternity . '' 
 i fell silent as i listened to the beat of my own heart . 
 it throbbed against my ribcage loudly , echoing in the room . 
 `` what do you think of my terms ? '' 
 he asked , sliding his thumb along my bottom lip . 
 i wavered . 
 i had never felt so desperate in my life . 
 but to expect cadmus to live with that-to return here to the palace for one night a year ... and heaven only knew what perverted things hades might do to me . 
 i would almost rather die . 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i whispered . 
 he was disappointed , i could see it on his face . 
 but he did n't say so . 
 instead , he simply stood and returned to his chair , re-opening his book . 
 `` the offer stands , '' he said as he casually went back to reading . 
 i squeezed my eyes closed and forced away the pain . 
 i would do anything . 
 but that . 
 * * * days turned into weeks . 
 i could never say that that either persephone or hades were cruel to me or even unpleasant . 
 it was n't true . 
 in fact , it was the opposite . 
 they were kind and welcoming . 
 but each day was more painful for me than the last because nothing changed the fact that i was a prisoner . 
 i realized more than ever that i was a person who thrived on loving relationships . 
 i needed them . 
 i overheard hades and persephone whispering in the hall one day . 
 `` she is wilting , '' persephone said anxiously . 
 `` i can see it more and more every day . 
 she eats , she drinks nectar , yet she grows weaker . 
 i do n't know what to do . '' 
 `` being away from her family seems to drain her , '' hades observed . 
 `` let us give her time . 
 surely she will grow accustomed to being here and she will rally . '' 
 `` but her light grows faint , '' persephone replied . 
 `` i can sense it around her and the energy around the palace that she brought with her is fading . 
 surely you can see that . '' 
 `` i can , '' hades admitted . 
 `` but she is strong . 
 she has always recovered , no matter what life has thrown at her . 
 i am certain this will be no different . '' 
 do n't be so certain , i thought . 
 at dinner that evening , hades casually asked me if i had seen my family through the mirror recently . 
 `` no , '' i admitted limply , shoving my food around on my plate . 
 `` i can not bring myself to do it . '' 
 `` but you should , '' hades encouraged me . 
 `` if you but see them , you will feel much better . 
 i am certain . '' 
 `` do n't be , '' i answered sharply . 
 `` you 've taken them from me . 
 do n't feel that you can force me to watch them from here . 
 it is too heartbreaking . 
 it will only make things worse . '' 
 `` well , i 'll leave that to you , '' he replied quickly . 
 `` you know what you need more than anyone . '' 
 `` i need my family , '' i answered quietly . 
 `` well , you ca n't have them ! '' 
 he thundered , pushing away from the table and throwing his chair across the room . 
 it smashed into a shelf of crystal vases , shattering them . 
 `` you know the price ! '' 
 he stormed from the room without looking back . 
 i was left staring after him . 
 it was the first time i had ever seen him lose his temper . 
 he was always carefully composed . 
 `` you must recover , '' persephone told me quietly . 
 `` you will fade away , harmonia . '' 
 `` no , i will not , '' i snapped . 
 `` no one dies of a broken heart . 
 those are just romantic stories . 
 but trust me , it is n't romantic at all if it is happening to you . '' 
 `` take him up on his bargain , '' she suggested . 
 `` it will end this . 
 you will be returned to them and hades will be happy . '' 
 i looked at her , appalled . 
 `` this , coming from his wife ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i will always be the most important to him . 
 that is what matters . 
 i wish to see him happy and i hate seeing you wasting away . 
 pay his price . '' 
 she looked at me sadly before she continued eating and we finished our meal in silence . 
 after i returned to my rooms , i sat limply on my bed for what seemed like hours before i finally uncovered the mirror . 
 `` show me my family , '' i whispered hesitantly . 
 immediately , i saw raquel and aphrodite on a beach . 
 raquel was flying a bright red kite with yellow bows on the string and she left little footprints in the sand as she ran . 
 aphrodite followed behind her , as beautiful and perfect as always . 
 but her face was sad as she watched my daughter . 
 i kept watching as raquel splashed into the surf , but was surprised to see aphrodite look around warily . 
 confusion was etched on her face and she appeared to search for someone . 
 and then she met my gaze through the mirror . 
 she sensed my presence , i realized with a start . 
 `` be patient , harmonia , '' she whispered . 
 `` we love you and we are doing all that we can . 
 your sadness is affecting the mortal world , unhappiness has descended upon it like a fog . 
 we are trying to reason with zeus , to show him that he is truly needed to right these wrongs or everyone will suffer . 
 hang on , my sweet . 
 we are coming . '' 
 i knew she could n't see me , but i nodded anyway as tears filled my eyes . 
 my sadness was affecting the mortal world ? 
 i guessed it made sense . 
 i was the goddess of peace and contentment . 
 if my positive energy faded , then it made sense that the world would suffer . 
 if that was the case ... then what would happen if i gave up trying ? 
 what if i gave in to my depression ? 
 would it affect the mortal world in a way that would truly make zeus see that he needed to return ? 
 because if he returned , perhaps he could save us all . 
 it was worth a try . 
 and honestly , it was n't difficult . 
 i was so very tired . 
 the weight of the world had rested upon my shoulders for more times than i could count . 
 it was time to set that weight down . 
 i climbed into bed and pulled the covers up to my chin , closing my eyes . 
 the darkness was comforting . 
 soft and warm like a favorite blanket , it closed around me and lingered . 
 i drifted down , down , down , until i felt as though i were floating . 
 either in a body of water or midair-i floated away from reality . 
 my pain and sorrow came with me and i did n't fight it . 
 i dwelled in it . 
 at some point , maybe hours or maybe days later , i heard vague voices around me , distant and quiet , as though someone was speaking through a veil . 
 `` her despair is turning the world black , '' a voice whispered . 
 `` we must do something , hades . '' 
 `` there is nothing to do , '' he answered . 
 `` she must return to herself . 
 that is the only way . '' 
 `` return her to her family , '' a voice suggested . 
 persephone ? 
 `` that is a way . '' 
 `` unthinkable ! '' 
 he roared . 
 `` what message would that send ? '' 
 `` it would send the message that you care what happens outside of the underworld ! '' 
 i stopped listening . 
 my plan was working . 
 my depression was affecting the world . 
 i felt sorry for the mortal world , sorry for the part i was playing in making them unhappy . 
 but it was the only thing i could think of that might help . 
 so i drifted further away . 
 through the black mists surrounding me , i heard voices sometimes , not voices standing next to my body , but voices echoing in my head . 
 cadmus ' husky whisper , `` i love you . 
 please hold on . '' 
 aphrodite murmured , `` harmonia , all will be fine . 
 continue with what you are doing . 
 it is working . 
 we love you . '' 
 `` we love you . '' 
 `` we love you . '' 
 those words echoed in my black thoughts and i pushed them away . 
 i could n't dwell on positive things - i had to keep my energy black . 
 it was against my nature and it was difficult , but i found that if i focused , i could do it . 
 at one point , i heard ares . 
 `` you are strong , daughter . 
 we love you . '' 
 i knew i had to move away from the loving thoughts - past the point where i could hear them . 
 i pushed myself further away , drifting on the depression . 
 my surroundings turned blacker . 
 days passed . 
 then weeks . 
 time was nothing to me . 
 it ran together like water . 
 i had finally managed a way to suspend myself away from reality and i knew that i was in a strange , hypnotic state . 
 i had tricked my own mind . 
 it was unfathomable . 
 but in my desperation , i had done it . 
 and then came his voice . 
 the only voice that had mattered for thousands of years . 
 `` we 're coming . '' 
 i withdrew from the darkness in an instant , my eyes popping open . 
 persephone sat by my bed , reading quietly . 
 as i stirred , her eyes flew to my face . 
 `` you 're back , '' she breathed . 
 `` i must get hades . '' 
 i reached out a weak arm . 
 lying motionless in a bed had taken a toll . 
 `` do n't , '' i pleaded in a whisper . 
 `` i need to get dressed . 
 please . 
 can you help me ? '' 
 she took one look at my face and relented . 
 `` of course , '' she said kindly . 
 `` we can get hades afterward . 
 come , let me help you up . '' 
 she put her arms behind me and helped me sit . 
 the room spun in a whirl , but after a moment , it stilled . 
 `` how long have i been sleeping ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` two months , '' she answered grimly . 
 `` you have no idea of the ramifications . 
 your sadness has affected the world . '' 
 i did n't tell her that i knew . 
 i simply allowed her to help me into a loose tunic and sat calmly while she brushed my hair and braided it over my shoulder . 
 `` i 'm glad that you have returned to us , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i was worried about you . 
 i have never seen such a thing . '' 
 `` neither have i , '' i whispered . 
 and i hoped to never again . 
 it had left me feeling incredibly weak , absolutely drained of energy . 
 i reached up and grasped my bloodstone . 
 it was n't helping me now . 
 `` if it helps , your family has been here several times , '' she offered quietly . 
 `` ares , aphrodite and cadmus . 
 they came several times to see you , but the guards would n't let them pass . '' 
 `` was anyone hurt ? '' 
 i asked quickly . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . '' 
 before i could say anything else , an amazingly loud bellow rang in my ears and vibrated the walls of the palace . 
 `` hades ! '' 
 it was so loud that it left my ears ringing . 
 persephone and i stared at each other in alarm , before i got shakily to my feet . 
 i remembered cadmus ' words . 
 we 're coming . 
 they were here . 
 `` we should go , '' i suggested . 
 i took her arm and we hurried as fast as we could to the main floor of the palace . 
 with each step , i felt stronger and by the time we arrived in the foyer , i was standing on my own . 
 we arrived at the same time as hades . 
 `` hades ! '' 
 the voice resounded again and this time , i knew in my heart it was zeus . 
 he had come after all . 
 joy flooded my heart . 
 he was here . 
 `` open the gates ! '' 
 hades sucked on his lip for a moment and then nodded , motioning to a guard . 
 the guard disappeared outside and within moments , the drawbridge was lowered . 
 i rushed to the window . 
 the olympians stood outside , along with my husband . 
 they had truly come . 
 it was a sight to behold . 
 zeus stood in the front and he held hades ' helm of darkness . 
 his eyes flashed silver and were fierce and proud . 
 he had returned to himself , i could see it in his expression . 
 i had never felt so relieved . 
 on each of his sides , stood hera and poseidon . 
 lined up in a row were demeter , athena , dionysus , apollo , artemis , hermes , ares and aphrodite . 
 on the far end was hephaestus . 
 they had apparently summoned him from the spiritlands . 
 on the other side , stood my husband , flanked by hecate and annen . 
 and my heart started beating again . 
 it suddenly felt as though it had been silent the entire time i had been separated from cadmus . 
 but now that he was here , i could breathe again . 
 he was tall and beautiful , gazing fiercely at the palace ... ready to fight for me . 
 behind him , stood ortrera and her warriors . 
 every single face was fierce and determined . 
 a flicker lit inside of me and i dared to let myself hope . 
 maybe , just maybe . 
 `` come outside ! '' 
 zeus thundered . 
 `` or i will take apart your palace brick by brick . '' 
 hades sighed , then straightened his shoulders . 
 stepping forward , he flung open the doors . 
 cadmus ' gaze fixed on mine and he grinned a slow grin . 
 i 'm coming , he mouthed . 
 i smiled back . 
 it 's about time , i mouthed back . 
 he grinned wider . 
 `` what is the meaning of this ? '' 
 hades asked the olympians . 
 `` i thought you were happy on the isles . 
 you seemed to be the last time i visited . '' 
 `` you had us deluded , brother , '' zeus admonished . 
 `` but no more . 
 we have seen what you have done to the world . 
 unrest plagues the mortal world , all because you have separated the goddess of contentment from those that she loves . 
 until she is happy once more , discontent will plague the earth . 
 yet , you did not act . 
 you are not the god to rule the world , hades . 
 you may keep the underworld , but i am taking back the rest . '' 
 hades face clouded over . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` you can do nothing , brother . 
 you are condemned to stay here because you allowed yourself to be deceived . 
 you have eaten here , so here you shall stay . 
 have you forgotten that small fact ? '' 
 zeus smiled , a smile full of satisfaction and arrogance . 
 `` there is one small thing that i should point out . '' 
 his gaze shifted to me . 
 `` harmonia , dear . 
 step forward . '' 
 hades eyed me from his periphery . 
 `` stay , '' he growled to me . 
 `` she is still on the palace grounds , '' zeus said . 
 `` she is not breaking her word . '' 
 frustration washed across hades face . 
 it was true . 
 i was still on palace grounds , as agreed . 
 i stepped forward . 
 `` closer , '' zeus instructed . 
 i took a few more steps and he met me in the middle , wrapping his arm around my shoulders . 
 `` do you see the pendant hanging around her neck ? '' 
 zeus inquired politely . 
 hades scowled . 
 `` of course , i see her bloodstone . 
 everyone knows of it . 
 it brings her bad fortune . '' 
 zeus nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 i allowed hephaestus to curse it so that no one else would want it . 
 that way , it has always remained safe with harmonia . '' 
 hades face grew instantly wary . 
 `` do you know why , brother ? '' 
 zeus asked , still polite . 
 hades shook his head , clearly annoyed . 
 `` because it contains my blood , '' zeus explained , as though that cleared up the confusion . 
 `` i 'm sure you are aware of the caveat ... if any part of me remains in the underworld , the rest of me is free to leave . 
 a small vial of my blood is concealed in the center of the bloodstone . 
 it is my key to freedom from your treachery . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 hades cried . 
 `` that is impossible . '' 
 `` oh , yes , '' zeus confirmed , shaking his large head . 
 `` did you think that you are the only cunning one in our family ? 
 i outsmarted you . 
 my plan has taken years to unfold , but here we are . 
 the key is now in my hands . '' 
 with his words , he lifted the bloodstone from around my neck and gripped it tightly . 
 `` as long as this bloodstone remains here in the underworld , you can not keep me here , '' zeus said needlessly . 
 `` i will return to olympus . '' 
 `` not harmonia , '' hades snapped . 
 `` that may hold true for you , but harmonia has eaten here , so here she shall remain . 
 the others , also . 
 everyone but you shall remain . '' 
 `` oh , hades , '' zeus shook his head . 
 `` that is n't true . 
 everyone shall leave . 
 and do you know why ? 
 because i know you want your helm back . 
 is n't that true ? '' 
 there was a long pregnant pause . 
 of course hades wanted his helm back . 
 he needed it . 
 without it , he could n't access his full potential in the underworld . 
 the realization was written on his face . 
 `` i will give you back your helm , in exchange for everyone 's freedom , '' zeus bargained . 
 `` you know it is not an option . 
 you must have it . 
 so , i 'll give it to you and we 'll return to olympus . 
 we 'll let bygones be bygones and we 'll return to how we were before . 
 or , we can do it the hard way , if you prefer . 
 i can retrieve my sword and return here to face you head to head . '' 
 the air was thick and tense . 
 hades ' displeasure was evident , his frustration palpable . 
 but zeus was right . 
 there was no other choice that hades could make . 
 we all waited in anticipation to hear him admit it . 
 `` fine , '' he snapped . 
 `` we have a deal . '' 
 we all exhaled sighs of relief . 
 joy flooded through me and my knees grew weak as i bounded down the line of gods into my husband 's arms . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him down to kiss me . 
 he had never tasted so good . 
 just being near him fed my spirit and i grew visibly stronger immediately . 
 he held me tight and i inhaled him , his outdoorsy , cadmus smell and i smiled . 
 `` do n't be so happy quite yet , harmonia , '' hades said smoothly . 
 `` we have one minor thing left to discuss . '' 
 `` and what would that be ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was n't worried now . 
 if we were all free and i was back with my family , there was nothing else hades could do to me that would matter . 
 `` there 's the little matter of your daughter 's soul , '' hades purred . 
 `` my daughter 's soul ? '' 
 i asked in confusion . 
 `` what of it ? '' 
 `` well , i hate to bring this up during such a joyful time for you , but your daughter can not leave . 
 only the living can leave . 
 the dead must remain in the underworld . '' 
 chapter fifteen `` the dead ? '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` raquel 's not ... she 's not ... '' `` oh , i beg to differ , '' hades replied . 
 `` she most certainly is not alive . 
 would you like to know why she is dead ? '' 
 i nodded , my heart frozen in my chest . 
 it was true , that here in the underworld , it was almost impossible to tell the difference between the living and the dead . 
 and she had n't slept once since we had found her . 
 but surely ... surely she was not dead . 
 i waited stiffly to hear hades ' explanation . 
 `` because , you see , you were pregnant with her when you were in mortal form in camelot . 
 your life there would have ended in childbirth and you both would have died . 
 but the fates saw fit to intervene . 
 they thought that a new child brought into the mix would provide hours and hours of entertainment , so they saved her . 
 `` when hecate turned back the fates ' manipulations , it interfered with your daughter 's life . 
 it was as if the fates had never interfered . 
 your daughter died and came here to the underworld . 
 there 's nothing you can do . '' 
 there was a collective gasp and i flew to zeus ' side . 
 `` please , there must be something you can do . 
 can you repair what hecate did ? 
 can you fix it ? 
 please ! '' 
 i begged him as i grasped his large , wrinkled hand . 
 zeus stared at me sadly . 
 `` harmonia , it might be possible , but i should explain something . 
 think of fate like a magnificent tapestry . 
 many , many things are interwoven , each life a separate string . 
 if one string is disturbed , it affects those around it . 
 if i re-weave your daughter 's string , it could have dire consequences for the strings around hers . '' 
 panic rose in my throat , so much so that i could taste it . 
 `` i care not ! '' 
 i cried anxiously . 
 `` i only care for my daughter . 
 please . 
 save her . '' 
 `` i think you might care if i told you which strings were next to hers , one in particular . 
 hecate has told me of empusa 's plight and hecate has also begged me to intercede on empusa 's behalf . 
 `` the problem is that their strings are next to each other . 
 i can not change them both . 
 i can only alter one . 
 to try to change both of them would likely destroy them both . '' 
 another collective gasp and my gaze met hecate 's . 
 our daughters were both in grave danger and only one could come out intact . 
 `` only one ? '' 
 hecate asked . 
 but we both already knew the answer . 
 `` only one , '' zeus confirmed . 
 `` i can secure empusa 's freedom from the underworld or i can give raquel back her life . 
 it is a sad choice , but unfortunately , it is reality . 
 i can not see a way around it . '' 
 if zeus could n't , then no one could . 
 we all knew that . 
 `` if i may be so bold , '' hades interjected . 
 `` i might have a satisfactory idea . '' 
 `` i doubt it , '' i muttered , glowering at him . 
 `` bear with me , '' he continued . 
 `` allow zeus to assist empusa . 
 i will go along with that willingly , not offering a fight at all , even though i would much rather have empusa in the underworld than mormo 's black soul . 
 in return , i will allow the three of you - you , cadmus and your daughter - to remain in the isles of the blessed . 
 you can have full access to every level of the underworld that you wish with no restrictions . 
 you have seen yourself how happy the olympians were there . 
 you will be together with your family , the mortal world would n't have to suffer your pain and you can live in paradise for all of eternity . '' 
 you could have heard a pin drop around us . 
 it was utterly silent as everyone thought about this offer . 
 it seemed almost unconscionable to give up on my daughter now - to fold without even fighting . 
 but then , there was another daughter on the line , too . 
 she just did n't happen to be my own ... and she had taken very good care of my daughter when raquel had been scared and alone . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 it would n't really be giving up on my daughter . 
 she was dead - she was meant to be here . 
 what it would be ... would be giving up on my own life in the spiritlands . 
 it would simply mean that i was choosing her over me . 
 we 'd be together and was n't that the most important thing ? 
 `` do n't do it , '' hecate said . 
 `` your decision would be final . 
 i could perhaps find another way to save empusa . 
 there is no other way to save raquel . '' 
 `` there is no other way to release someone from the underworld but through me , '' hades insisted . 
 `` this offer makes the most sense . 
 and there is one last thing . 
 it is true that zeus can leave if the bloodstone stays . 
 but surely you do not wish to leave it here unattended . 
 if you do not stay with it , who will guard it ? 
 you must stay . '' 
 the silence was deafening . 
 `` just a moment , '' i said quietly and i walked woodenly to my husband . 
 i pressed my forehead to his chest and allowed his arms to fold around me . 
 i could feel every eye in the near vicinity on us , waiting to see what we would decide . 
 cadmus lowered his head until his lips brushed my ear . 
 `` i will follow you anywhere , '' he said huskily . 
 `` my life is nothing without you in it . 
 we should stay . 
 the isles are a paradise . 
 we 'll be happy there . 
 we 'll be together and that is all that matters . 
 i think recent events have proven that . '' 
 i looked up , meeting his dark gaze . 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 he nodded solemnly . 
 `` i 've never been so certain . '' 
 i pressed a kiss to his lips . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` and i love you . '' 
 i turned around . 
 `` fine . 
 we have a deal ... on one condition . 
 i want access to the portal that links to zeus ' palace on olympus - the real olympus . 
 i want the ability to visit my parents in the spiritlands . '' 
 everyone shifted their gaze to hades . 
 he looked agreeable and a little smug as he nodded , his dark cloak curling around him in the breeze . 
 `` done . 
 just as i allow persephone to return to olympus to visit her mother , i will allow you the same privileges . 
 see , i am not unreasonable . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` so that is it ? 
 it is done ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` so be it . 
 it is so . '' 
 `` there is one more thing , '' a voice called out . 
 everyone turned to see who had spoken . 
 ortrera stood proudly in front of her warriors . 
 `` i would like permission to stay with harmonia in the isles . '' 
 i froze . 
 `` ortrera , no ! 
 why would you do that ? '' 
 she smiled faintly . 
 `` because , dear sister . 
 you are guarding a powerful weapon . 
 your pendant contains zeus ' own fate , which in turn affects that of the entire world . 
 my warriors and i wish to help you guard it . 
 and you , too , of course . '' 
 `` of course , '' i murmured . 
 my sister was n't much for sentiments . 
 hades nodded , clearly pleased that he had gained more souls for the underworld . 
 `` so be it . '' 
 and it was done . 
 negotiations were over . 
 i would 've collapsed to the ground in a heap if it were n't for cadmus ' arms supporting me . 
 `` it will be alright , '' he murmured to me . 
 `` i promise you . '' 
 i nodded . 
 i knew that it would be . 
 `` where 's raquel ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` she 's at the palace on the isles with ahmose . '' 
 `` then let us go there . '' 
 he nodded and scooped me into his arms . 
 regardless of my decision to stay in the underworld , i had never felt so safe . 
 my husband 's arms were the safest place in the world . 
 * * * from the comfort of a chaise lounge , i watched raquel scamper and play in the courtyards of the palace . 
 the gardens were manicured and perfect here , and there was even an english maze for her to get lost in . 
 i closed my eyes wearily . 
 it had been hours since we had returned from hades ' palace , but i was still tired . 
 my depression had taken my energy . 
 even sipping on nectar , it would take awhile to regain it fully . 
 as i listened to raquel 's joyful laughter , i smiled . 
 `` there is nothing as beautiful as a child , is there not ? '' 
 i opened my eyes to find zeus next to me . 
 i nodded . 
 `` you 're right . 
 she 's a miracle . '' 
 he sat in the chair next to me and calmly observed my daughter playing . 
 `` you have done well , harmonia , '' he said quietly . 
 `` every decision you make is laced with loyalty and responsibility . 
 i am honored to have you part of my family . '' 
 i looked at him . 
 honored ? 
 he read my mind and laughed . 
 `` of course , i am honored . 
 i doubt there is anyone else who could have come through this as you did . 
 time and again , you have sacrificed yourself for the greater good and that is to be commended . '' 
 i nodded wordlessly . 
 he had no idea how hard it had been . 
 `` i must apologize , also , '' he said regretfully . 
 `` i do know how difficult it has been for you . 
 and i 'm sorry that i had to do it in the way that i did . 
 but you see , i too have to consider others before myself . 
 my decision , my plan , was formed to save us all . 
 many might see this last decision of yours as a punishment . 
 i hope you do not . 
 `` the isles of the blessed are indeed that . 
 they are a paradise meant for only the purest of heart . 
 you will live here for all of eternity in perfect bliss with your family . 
 it is not a punishment at all , it is a reward . 
 this palace will be yours . 
 raquel can run and play in paradise and you and cadmus will never face another goodbye . 
 it is a blessing . '' 
 his silver eyes beseeched mine . 
 `` do you agree ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i do think so . 
 cadmus and i have faced so much heartache . 
 it is comforting to know that we will spend eternity in bliss . '' 
 `` it will be so , '' zeus assured me . 
 `` and i hereby renounce the curse on your bloodstone . 
 with my words , it has been lifted . '' 
 i almost felt physically lighter as he said those words . 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 i owe you much . 
 if there is ever anything that i can do for you , you only need ask . '' 
 `` what of empusa ? '' 
 i asked suddenly , as her delicate face came unbidden into my mind . 
 `` has hecate found her ? '' 
 zeus shook his head . 
 `` no , but she will . 
 we do not know if empusa realizes that she is free . 
 if so , she may take flight to the mortal world . 
 she is terrified that her father will find her and destroy her to prevent the curse 's reversal . 
 but wherever she is , trust that we will find her . 
 i know that hecate will tirelessly search for her . '' 
 i nodded , satisfied in that . 
 zeus rose from his chair , pausing for one moment with his hand silently on my shoulder before he retreated back into the palace . 
 it was n't long before my parents took his place . 
 `` are you certain that you wish to do this ? '' 
 my mother demanded , her silver eyes concerned . 
 i laughed . 
 `` well , the decision has been made . 
 i certainly hope so ! '' 
 she shook her head wryly . 
 `` harmonia , i. . . '' 
 `` we 're proud of you , '' ares interrupted . 
 `` you are the best daughter i could ever have dreamed of having . 
 we are only a portal away , remember that . '' 
 a knot formed in my throat and i nodded quickly . 
 `` i know . 
 and you can visit me here , as well . '' 
 `` trust me , '' my mother said . 
 `` i 'll be here so much that you 'll wonder if i 'm ever going to leave . '' 
 i laughed , but only because i knew it was true . 
 `` mother , '' i began . 
 `` can you look in on my mortal mother from time to time to make sure she is alright ? '' 
 my chest constricted at the thought of never seeing her again . 
 aphrodite nodded solemnly . 
 `` i promise that i will . 
 i 'm going to keep an eye on my own mortal parents as well , along with my grandmother . 
 their memories have all been taken from them - it is as though we never existed . 
 but that is for the best . 
 mortals can not handle this sort of emotional upheaval . '' 
 `` oh , i think mortals are stronger than we give them credit for , '' i answered . 
 `` but in this case , you are right . 
 it is best that they forget us . 
 it 's too painful to miss those that we love . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i love you , you know . '' 
 i hugged her tightly and ares wrapped his arms around us both . 
 `` you both act as though this is farewell , '' he growled . 
 `` it is n't . 
 it is ` goodbye for now . ' 
 we 'll be back to visit very soon . '' 
 i leaned up and kissed him on the cheek . 
 `` i love you , too , father . '' 
 he nodded silently and i noticed that his dark eyes were watery . 
 i discreetly looked away . 
 it would n't be polite to point out that the god of war was crying . 
 `` you should go say goodbye to raquel , '' i suggested . 
 ares nodded without looking at me and they set out across the courtyard to find her . 
 i turned in time to find cadmus slipping up behind me . 
 `` did we do the right thing ? '' 
 i asked softly , reaching out to trace his face with my fingers . 
 together , we turned and gazed across our new backyard - it had an amazing view of the isles of the blessed . 
 everything was lush , green and tranquil here . 
 it truly was a blissful paradise . 
 at the same time , we both breathed , `` yes . '' 
 then we looked at each other and laughed . 
 `` do you realize that we 'll never have to say goodbye again ? '' 
 cadmus asked , his chocolate eyes gentle . 
 `` we 'll never have another last kiss . '' 
 my stomach clenched and then relaxed . 
 he was right . 
 our heartache was behind us . 
 i pulled him to me and kissed him fiercely , enjoying the way his heart beat next to mine . 
 it was perfectly in sync , as a soul mate 's should be . 
 `` then here is our first kiss of forever , '' i murmured against his lips . 
 he smiled against mine and we turned back to watch our daughter . 
 ares was carrying raquel on his mighty shoulders and she leaned down to laugh into his ear . 
 aphrodite skipped alongside them , dainty and beautiful as they laughed . 
 their happiness was almost tangible and i felt as if i could reach out and touch it . 
 i was suddenly full of contentment and joy , as i should be . 
 all would be right with the world , after all . 
 as the goddess of peace , it was my job to ensure that the world was a happy , contented place . 
 and i had learned that the only way to do that was to start with myself . 
 as i grasped my husband 's hand and watched my family approach , i knew that everything would be fine . 
 our love was lasting , our life was beautiful and our eternity was forever . 
 the end 
