 chapter one special agent duncan mcguire raced around the street corner , chasing his prey even as his heartbeat thundered in his ears . 
 duncan 's partner , elias lone , was just steps behind him . 
 no damn way were they letting the killer escape . 
 the twisted bastard had already murdered four women in seattle . 
 slashed their bodies . 
 torn out their throats . 
 this nightmare was ending . 
 duncan would make it end . 
 the perp rushed into an alley . 
 dead end , ass ** le . 
 the killer did n't know the city as well as duncan did . 
 his hold tightened on his weapon , and he leapt right into the entrance of that narrow alleyway . 
 `` freeze ! '' 
 duncan roared . 
 `` fbi ! '' 
 the perp-a man with long , shaggy , blond hair-was facing the brick wall that ended the alley . 
 at duncan 's shout , the man did freeze , for all of about twenty seconds . 
 then he started laughing as he spun to face duncan and elias . 
 `` you humans are so out of your league , '' the blond snarled . 
 his hands were up , and , as duncan watched , the guy 's nails began to transform - into long , black claws . 
 the blond laughed again . 
 `` just the two of you ? 
 this should be so easy . '' 
 his teeth were lengthening . 
 turning into sharp fangs . 
 as duncan watched , the man 's face elongated . 
 his bones snapped . 
 `` hell , '' elias muttered from behind duncan . 
 `` you were right . 
 he 's a wolf . '' 
 duncan smiled , but did n't take his eyes off the killer before him . 
 `` i told you , vamps would never waste that much blood . '' 
 since elias had just lost the bet , the guy owed him a hundred bucks . 
 duncan knew his werewolves . 
 the blond seemed to realize that they were n't exactly quaking in fear before him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 duncan asked , lifting a brow . 
 `` is this the part where we 're supposed to act shocked because you can grow fur and howl at the moon ? '' 
 `` you f ** kin ' - '' `` sorry , '' duncan muttered , `` but you 're hardly the first para that we 've taken down . '' 
 actually , duncan and elias were part of an elite unit that only hunted the paranormals in seattle . 
 the paranormals usually hid in plain sight , mostly managing to pass for humans . 
 until they started to eat said humans . 
 when the vampires and werewolves went bad and humans wound up as their prey of choice , well , that was when duncan came in . 
 someone had to keep the humans safe . 
 duncan 's words seemed to enrage the werewolf before him . 
 the guy 's lips peeled back-yeah , those teeth and claws were the weapons that had ended the lives of those four co-eds-and the fellow 's body stretched as the power of the shift flooded through him . 
 duncan kept his own body loose and ready . 
 his gun was in his hand , but he was n't firing unless the werewolf attacked him . 
 his orders were to take the werewolf in , not to kill him . 
 the werewolf 's elongated teeth snapped together . 
 like i have n't seen all this shit before . 
 unlike most humans , duncan knew the score about the supernaturals . 
 he 'd known the truth since he 'd been a kid . 
 `` humans are n't going to stop me ! '' 
 the killer 's cry was guttural . 
 `` you ca n't ! '' 
 fur burst along his skin . 
 he fell to the ground , his knees and palms hitting the cement . 
 his eyes glowed . 
 `` you do n't have the power ! '' 
 that last was more growl than human speech as the guy completed his shift ... and became a full on wolf . 
 the wolf launched at duncan . 
 not coming in alive . 
 duncan 's fingers tightened around the trigger . 
 he fired . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 the bullets stopped the werewolf cold . 
 `` silver , dumb ass , '' duncan said with a sad shake of his head as smoke drifted from the wolf 's body . 
 `` it 'll stop your kind every time . '' 
 the fur slowly melted from the beast 's body . 
 the bones reshaped . 
 in death , the monster became a man again . 
 well , not completely a man . 
 a werewolf still kept his fangs and claws at death . 
 `` nice shots , '' elias said , still from behind him . 
 duncan grunted . 
 he kept his weapon up as he eased closer to the body . 
 lowering the gun at this point would be a rookie mistake . 
 paras were n't like humans . 
 even if they looked dead , half the time , they were n't . 
 they 'd keep coming and coming and coming , just like the monsters in scary movies . 
 only this was n't a movie . 
 reality was scarier than the late-night horror shows . 
 `` you hit him in the head , '' elias said as he slid closer . 
 `` do n't worry , man , he 's gone . 
 he 's - '' a growl sounded from the mouth of the alley . 
 duncan spun around . 
 too late . 
 it was n't just a lone werewolf they were hunting . 
 he 'd thought they were dealing with an isolated killer , a werewolf gone mad with bloodlust . 
 that profile had been what the intel had showed him . 
 the intel was wrong . 
 logan was gazing at a pack.four other fully shifted werewolves were at the front of that alley . 
 they were leaping for elias . 
 and elias had put up his weapon already . 
 rookie mistake . 
 duncan rushed forward and shoved his partner to the side , barely dodging the claws of a werewolf . 
 duncan aimed his gun and started firing . 
 again and again . 
 one wolf down . 
 another - he felt teeth tear into his shoulder . 
 into his neck . 
 he could smell the wild , woodsy scent of the beasts . 
 his own blood . 
 he could feel his blood , trailing down his neck , soaking his shirt . 
 his gun was n't firing . 
 he 'd used all the bullets . 
 more wolves were closing in ... just as they 'd closed in when he 'd been four . 
 when they 'd killed his family . 
 when he 'd lost everything but his life . 
 he had n't been able to see the wolves then , but he 'd heard their snarls and his mother 's desperate cries . 
 he could still hear those cries in his nightmares . 
 she had n't survived the attack . 
 he had . 
 only this time , duncan knew he would n't be so lucky . 
 elias was screaming . 
 the beasts were howling . 
 and duncan-duncan was pretty sure that he was dying . 
 *** `` i 'm so sorry , man . '' 
 elias 's voice was shaking and miserable . 
 duncan opened his eyes . 
 pain knifed through him . 
 twisting . 
 gutting him . 
 he tried to move . 
 could n't . 
 not because of the pain but because ... because he was strapped down ? 
 what the hell ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' elias said again . 
 duncan 's gaze flew to the other man . 
 elias stood a few feet away , and the faint glow from a street light revealed the haggard appearance of his face . 
 why was elias apologizing ? 
 they 'd both made it out of that stinking alley , and , wonder of wonders , they were both actually still breathing . 
 `` you ... owe me ... '' duncan managed . 
 elias shook his head . 
 the lines on his face deepened even more . 
 `` get him to the containment facility , '' a hard voice ordered . 
 whoa ... what ? 
 containment ? 
 containment was where his team-the seattle division of the fbi 's not-supposed-to-exist para unit-sent their captured shifters and vampires for temporary holding . 
 he was n't a prisoner . 
 he was one of the good guys . 
 duncan tried to lift his head . 
 on the second attempt , he actually succeeded , and it was then that he saw the face of his boss , eric pate , come into focus . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' pate said , and he actually sounded like he was , odd for the usually emotionless director , `` but we do n't have an option . '' 
 duncan jerked at the bonds holding him down . 
 the other agents had strapped him to a gurney and were wheeling him toward a waiting ambulance . 
 `` you were bitten by the suspect . '' 
 real regret tinged pate 's voice . 
 `` you know what that means . '' 
 bitten . 
 no . 
 the f ** k , no . 
 `` kill me , '' duncan snapped . 
 because there was no way he 'd become a monster . 
 the werewolves only existed to torture and kill . 
 to slaughter . 
 their beasts dominated . 
 they attacked anyone and everything . 
 just like they 'd attacked his family . 
 i wo n't be like that . 
 when he 'd agreed to become part of the secret division , he 'd known there would be deadly risks involved in his cases . 
 he 'd known the risks , and he 'd long ago decided what he would and would n't become . 
 `` no ! '' 
 elias yelled as he surged forward . 
 `` pate , dammit , do n't ! 
 you promised - '' screw any promises that pate had made to elias . 
 now duncan remembered the feel of teeth tearing into his flesh . 
 his neck . 
 his shoulder . 
 with all of those bites and the blood loss , he should be dead . 
 but he was n't . 
 because his body was already transforming . 
 if a werewolf 's bite did n't kill you ... if you had the dna that would enable you to become a beast , then just one bite from a shifted werewolf would infect you . 
 transform you . 
 i do n't want to be - `` if you go rogue , i 'll put a silver bullet in your head myself , '' pate promised , green eyes glittering . 
 rogue . 
 that was the term for werewolves who could n't maintain their control . 
 they lost all touch with humanity . 
 beasts . 
 monsters . 
 pate 's gaze stayed locked on duncan as the guy continued , `` but you 're one of us , and no one is putting you down yet . 
 we 're damn well going to give you a chance at survival first . '' 
 pate did n't understand . 
 he did n't get it . 
 he was a suit who saw the wolves from a distance . 
 duncan had seen the newly transformed up close and personal . 
 the beast took over . 
 it was all basic instinct . 
 all need and bloodlust . 
 pate looked up and nodded toward the agents around duncan . 
 `` take him to holly . 
 she can take care of his wounds and start to get a read on him - '' he snarled . 
 duncan 's body twisted and a fire seemed to burn beneath his skin . 
 `` not ... her ... '' the boss did n't know how duncan felt for the pretty , little doctor . 
 holly was already his temptation with her sweet smelling skin and her f ** k-me eyes . 
 he 'd tried to stay away because he 'd known she was too fragile to handle someone like him . 
 if she had n't been able to handle the man he 'd been , there was no way she 'd be safe around his soon-to-be-emerging werewolf side . 
 `` he 's starting to change ! '' 
 elias 's shout . 
 `` drug him and get the guy in that ambulance ! '' 
 a needle shoved into his arm . 
 duncan kept fighting and trying to get them to understand , `` not ... hol ... '' they were loading him into the ambulance . 
 they were n't listening to him . 
 holly was the last person he should be around . 
 he wanted her as a man . 
 he knew that a werewolf 's desires were just magnified . 
 and what the wolf wanted , he took . 
 without thought . 
 without remorse . 
 no limits . 
 no control . 
 no conscience . 
 just the beast . 
 he opened his mouth and only a growl escaped . 
 not holly . 
 keep me away from her . 
 i 'll hurt her . 
 he could feel the fire spreading beneath his skin . 
 hands were on him , holding duncan down because the drug was n't working . 
 `` uh , is he supposed to be this strong ? '' 
 one of the agents-shane , he knew shane , they played cards every wednesday-asked nervously . 
 `` cause this hoss is - '' the strap across his chest broke free , and duncan lunged up . 
 not holly ! 
 another needle was jabbed into his neck . 
 one straight into his heart . 
 `` that 'll stop a tiger , '' pate panted out the words . 
 a tiger ... or a werewolf . 
 duncan fell back against the gurney . 
 holly , i 'm sorry . 
 his eyes closed . 
 *** holly young gasped when the doors to her medical wing were shoved open . 
 she had been packing up , ready to go home for a few hours of chilling on the couch and watching crime tv reruns but - `` holly , an agent was bitten ! '' 
 she snapped to attention . 
 everyone in their division knew the risks of the job . 
 when they started hunting monsters , they 'd all realized that the agents faced the risk of one day becoming a monster . 
 of getting exposed . 
 bitten . 
 she yanked on her gloves even as she motioned toward the operating table on her right . 
 `` put him there , and let me check him out . '' 
 her heart was racing , but her hands were rocky steady . 
 `` what are we dealing with ? '' 
 holly asked as she rushed forward . 
 the agent was strapped down . 
 unmoving . 
 she could n't see who it was . 
 there were over two dozen agents in seattle 's para unit . 
 `` multiple werewolf bites , '' pate told her . 
 multiple . 
 she gulped . 
 `` you know what 's happening to him . 
 he 'll die from the poison in those bites . '' 
 there was n't much she could do for a werewolf bite . 
 if the agent had been bitten by a vampire , she could have given him a transfusion , made sure the wound was closed . 
 possibly saved him . 
 but a werewolf bite ? 
 death sentence . 
 `` he 's not dying . '' 
 pate stared at her with narrowed eyes . 
 `` the agent has already started to transform . '' 
 she almost dropped her stethoscope at that news . 
 a human transforming into a werewolf ? 
 that was so rare . 
 and deadly . 
 her heart drummed even faster in her chest , and her hands gave the slightest tremble as she hurried toward the table . 
 the other agents had transferred the wounded man onto the table she 'd indicated , and they had already strapped him down once more . 
 holly elbowed them aside , trying to make her way through to see the poor agent who 'd just been given a one-way ticket to hell . 
 she saw his dark hair first . 
 thick and a little too long . 
 then her gaze fell to his strong cheekbones , knife sharp . 
 she recognized the hard blade of his nose , but his eyes were closed , so she did n't see his normal bright blue stare . 
 duncan ? 
 `` get back , '' pate ordered the other agents as he lifted his hands . 
 `` clear the room so she can work ! '' 
 then pate 's fingers curled around her elbow , and he leaned in close to her . 
 his voice lowered as he whispered , `` you keep him sane . '' 
 an order . 
 or a plea ? 
 she stared down at duncan 's powerful body . 
 blood was all over him . 
 already drying on his ripped clothes . 
 on his neck . 
 his arms . 
 but even as she stared at him , the long , thick gashes on his body were closing before her eyes . 
 werewolf healing . 
 that was some kind of magic . 
 `` he 's going to be very strong , '' pate murmured , the soft words just for her ears . 
 the other agents had already backed up . 
 backed up , but she noticed that duncan 's partner , elias , still had his gun out . 
 and aimed at duncan 's unconscious body . 
 she moved her own body a few inches , deliberately putting herself in the line of fire . 
 you are n't shooting him ! 
 `` we can use him , '' pate said , his body brushing against hers . 
 `` if we can control him , then this could be our chance . '' 
 this was n't a chance . 
 it was a man 's life . 
 she reached out her hand to touch duncan 's skin . 
 even through her latex glove , she could feel the heat pouring off his body . 
 `` clear the room ! '' 
 pate snarled again . 
 because the other agents were lingering . 
 she did n't blame them . 
 one of their own had just been taken down in a way that was no doubt a nightmare fear for them all . 
 `` but , sir ... '' elias stepped forward . 
 and he still had his gun out . 
 `` he 's too dangerous to leave alone with her ! 
 he could attack - '' pate 's shaking head stopped his words . 
 `` he 's not going to wake up for hours . 
 and by then , he 'll be collared . '' 
 collared . 
 when werewolves were brought in for containment at the facility , the first order of business was always to suit them up with a silver collar . 
 the collar controlled them . 
 kept them in check every moment . 
 if the werewolves tried to attack anyone , then silver was automatically released from those collars and injected into their blood via tiny needles . 
 the collars themselves were unbreakable , mostly because they were made of silver , and no werewolf had ever been strong enough to fight the silver and escape . 
 the old story about silver being the weakness for the wolf ? 
 luckily for humans , that story had turned out to be true . 
 if the werewolves had n't been given some sort of weakness , the humans would be screwed . 
 but the idea of duncan ... collared like that ... her back teeth clenched . 
 `` he does n't want this , '' elias shouted . 
 that gun needed to be holstered . 
 she was about to do it for him . 
 `` right now , the man does n't know what he wants ! '' 
 pate threw back . 
 holly knew pate would n't back down . 
 he never did . 
 `` now , agent lone , i 'm ordering you to stand down . 
 this is n't your call . 
 and it is n't his , either . '' 
 because once you joined the para unit , your life was n't exactly your own any longer . 
 swearing , elias holstered his weapon . 
 finally . 
 then he turned on his heel and hurried from the room . 
 the double doors swung shut behind him . 
 holly forced herself to take in a deep breath . 
 duncan had been viciously attacked , and now , to come back as a werewolf ? 
 pate had taken risks before with his agents , but there had never been a case like this . 
 `` he 's going to be an alpha , '' pate whispered , staying close to her so his words would n't carry far . 
 she knew the other agents were waiting just outside of the medical wing . 
 `` i can tell by the speed of his healing . 
 hell , the guy was already starting to shift at the scene . 
 we had to dose him three times just to stop the change . '' 
 three times ? 
 she 'd been the one to brew that drug . 
 holly knew it was powerful . 
 one dose should have been more than enough to put duncan out . 
 the doors to her medical wing flew open again , and she jerked . 
 elias-coming back ? 
 what the hell ? 
 his cheeks were flushed . 
 his blond hair mussed . 
 he pointed toward holly . 
 `` she 's going to need a guard in here with her ! '' 
 elias called out . 
 `` the doc wo n't be able to handle him . '' 
 shane august grabbed the guy and tried to yank him back . 
 elias did n't appear in the mood to be yanked . 
 pate exhaled slowly . 
 `` after duncan has the collar on , she 'll be able to control him . '' 
 then pate pointed to shane . 
 `` august , you stay in here and keep an eye on holly until she has duncan secure . '' 
 shane , not elias . 
 very good choice . 
 shane shoved elias back of the room , then he stood there , near the door , with his watchful brown gaze locked on duncan 's body . 
 pate made no move to leave , not yet . 
 `` check him out , top to bottom . 
 get blood work . 
 run your tests . 
 every test you can think of . '' 
 tests that would show them all just how deadly duncan would become . 
 she nodded and met pate 's stare . 
 `` if he-if he proves to be too much of a threat ? '' 
 because she 'd seen werewolves who had no sense of humanity left in them . 
 beasts that could n't be controlled or contained . 
 they 'd all seen wolves like that . 
 in her experience , those recently bitten were the worst . 
 the most dangerous . 
 `` then you stop him . '' 
 she noticed the emphasis he put in his command . 
 `` but that 's a last resort . 
 i do n't want to lose him . 
 we need him , holly . 
 we need what he 'll become . '' 
 because while the other agents thought that pate was just a suit who never got his hands dirty , she knew better . 
 pate had been chosen to lead the west coast para unit because he knew all about the dark side of life . 
 and he also believed that the best way to fight a monster was ... with a monster . 
 that was why she was there . 
 `` do whatever you have to do , but make sure duncan mcguire survives . '' 
 then pate was backing away . 
 he crossed to shane 's side , whispered to the agent , and after a moment , the swinging doors to the med room closed behind pate . 
 she did n't move from her position near duncan . 
 duncan mcguire . 
 he 'd always made her nervous . 
 too aware . 
 she put on her stethoscope . 
 bent to listen to his heartbeat . 
 so fast . 
 not weak , the way it should have been considering the amount of drugs in his system . 
 duncan 's heartbeat was thundering at a frantic rate . 
 the transformation . 
 holly had been hiredto be the personal physician for the agents in the para unit . 
 when you went out and fought monsters , you could return with some rather ... unusual wounds . 
 instead of explaining vamp bites and shifter claw marks to the local hospital staff , pate had wanted her to take care of his men and women . 
 he 'd also wanted her to study the prisoners in containment . 
 two reasons to bring her in . 
 there were more reasons , of course , there always were . 
 but those were the two he 'd used to the fbi brass . 
 and , since she 'd owed pate far more than she could ever repay , it was n't like holly had been given much of a choice in taking the job . 
 no , she 'd lost that whole choice option a year ago . 
 when she 'd lost her life . 
 carefully now , she lifted one of duncan 's eyelids . 
 she was about to shine her light on his eye when she realized - no need for the light . 
 his eye was shining on its own . 
 the blue had lit up , streaking with gold . 
 already a werewolf 's sight . 
 a werewolf 's vision was ten times better than a human 's during the day , and at night , werewolves could see in the darkness . 
 all of a werewolf 's senses were enhanced . 
 incredibly amped . 
 she backed away from him a bit . 
 her gaze scanned over his body . 
 so much blood . 
 her nostrils flared a bit at the scent . 
 considering the damage he 'd sustained , it was amazing that he 'd survived the attack . 
 and if he had n't ? 
 if pate had come back to tell her that duncan had died on his mission ? 
 how would she have felt then ? 
 holly swallowed . 
 she put down the small light , and her gloved hands reached out to skim over the wound on his neck . 
 i would have missed you . 
 she 'd been paying too much attention to duncan from the very beginning . 
 on her second day at the facility , he 'd walked in with a bullet in his shoulder . 
 he 'd stripped off his shirt . 
 she 'd dug the bullet out , been all business . 
 until she 'd looked up and gotten caught by that bright , blue gaze . 
 as a rule , when she looked at duncan , holly wanted . 
 she craved . 
 dangerous , but then , duncan was a dangerous man . 
 he was about to become even more so . 
 `` shane ... '' she raised her voice so the agent near the door would hear her . 
 `` please get me the silver collar from the storage room . '' 
 `` i 'm supposed to guard - '' shane began , his voice rumbling just a bit with the drawl of south carolina . 
 holly glanced up at him . 
 shane was a good guy . 
 tall , blond , with classic features and warm , brown eyes . 
 handsome , no doubt appealing to most women . 
 she was n't most . 
 she did n't want pretty boy perfect . 
 her fingers lightly skimmed over duncan 's shoulder . 
 `` he 's out . 
 do n't worry , i 'll be fine . 
 just ... get the collar for me , will you ? '' 
 after one last worried glance at duncan 's still figure , shane headed toward the storage room . 
 her breath eased out on a relieved exhale . 
 good . 
 she 'd wanted a few moments alone with duncan . 
 she reached for her scissors . 
 carefully , holly cut away his shirt . 
 she bagged it and sealed it because pate would want an analysis done on all that blood . 
 then she bent to inspect the bites on duncan 's neck and shoulder . 
 `` they sure tore into you , '' she whispered . 
 but those wounds were closing . 
 already healing as he became something far more than man . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , duncan . '' 
 she 'd barely talked to him before this attack . 
 too nervous . 
 every time his eyes had locked on her , holly 's heartbeat had kicked up and raced in her chest . 
 she 'd stuttered and glanced away because - i want him . 
 only , before , he would n't have been able to handle her secrets . 
 no man could . 
 not and keep living , anyway . 
 almost helplessly , her hands slid over the muscles of his chest . 
 the shift would make his muscles harder , even more defined . 
 not just a six pack anymore , hell , it looked like he was close to getting a dang twelve pack - his hand flew up . 
 his fingers wrapped around her wrist , holding her far too tightly . 
 holly 's gaze flew to his face . 
 his eyes were wide open , the gold even bolder in that blue gaze that it had been moments before . 
 his lips were parted , and she could just see the edge of his lengthening canines . 
 oh , hell . 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 he jerked to a sitting position , snapping those straps that had been over his body in an instant , and he yanked her closer to him . 
 his other hand rose and wrapped around her shoulder , effectively trapping her in place . 
 his brows lowered as he studied her , and his nostrils widened as if he were drinking in her scent . 
 not good . 
 `` d-duncan , you 're back at the med unit . 
 i 'm just checking you over to make sure - '' his head lowered toward her throat . 
 holly yelped , thinking he was going for her jugular , and she tried to push him back . 
 only there was no pushing him . 
 enhanced strength , definite check . 
 it sure looked like pate was right about the alpha coming out in duncan . 
 he was right . 
 and i could be screwed . 
 her nails sank into his shoulders . 
 she did n't want to hurt him . 
 he 'd been hurt enough . 
 but ... he was n't biting her . 
 was n't sinking those new , wickedly sharp canines of his into her neck . 
 he was - nuzzling her ? 
 what . 
 the . 
 hell ? 
 holly was pretty sure that she 'd just felt the lick of his tongue over her neck . 
 she shuddered against him . 
 `` ah ... duncan ... you need to let me go ... i can help you ... '' he was on the edge of the table now . 
 he 'd pulled her between his legs . 
 caged her so well . 
 the heat from his body scorched her . 
 his right hand was n't on her shoulder any longer . 
 it had just dropped to the curve of her ass . 
 `` duncan ! '' 
 her voice snapped at him . 
 his head lifted . 
 only the man she 'd known was n't staring back at her from those gold/blue eyes . 
 a hungry beast stared back at her . 
 a beast who sure looked like he was ready for a bite . 
 been there , done that . 
 that burning gaze seemed to consume her . 
 `` want ... '' the word was an inhuman rasp , a beast 's growl . 
 `` you ... '' holly paused , wet her too-dry lips and muttered , `` need to let me go - '' her mouth was still open when his lips crashed down on hers . 
 not gentle . 
 not even close . 
 desperate and rough and wild . 
 his tongue thrust into her mouth . 
 his hold tightened around her , and duncan - took . 
 she 'd wondered what it would be like to kiss duncan mcguire . 
 she 'd daydreamed . 
 fantasized . 
 harmless thoughts , really . 
 she 'd never imagined anything like this . 
 his tongue thrust into her mouth . 
 his tongue tasted and tempted . 
 his tight hold on her body had her pressed hard to the front of his body , and there was no missing the guy 's arousal . 
 um , no missing it at all . 
 she should n't respond . 
 he was injured . 
 probably out of his mind from the transformation mutating within him , but the hot touch of his mouth on hers seemed to send a current of pleasure right through holly 's body . 
 her br ** sts tightened . 
 her hips pushed restlessly against the thick length of his c ** k and - `` dr. young ! '' 
 shane 's horrified voice cut through the cloud of lust . 
 shane . 
 and , just like that , holly did n't have to worry about breaking free of duncan 's grip . 
 because at the other man 's shout , duncan pushed her away from him and leapt from the table . 
 then he went after shane . 
 with claws stretching from the tips of his fingers and with a snarl on his lips , duncan launched at the other man . 
 `` no ! '' 
 holly screamed . 
 but duncan did n't stop . 
 shane had the silver collar in his hands , and he 'd holstered his weapon , so he had to drop the collar before he could arm himself . 
 the collar hit the floor , and shane did n't move fast enough to draw out his weapon . 
 duncan 's right hand wrapped around shane 's throat . 
 he lifted the agent up into the air . 
 shane 's feet dangled , and he tried to choke out some speech . 
 we are so screwed . 
 she 'd been right earlier . 
 `` duncan ! 
 let him go ! '' 
 holly screamed . 
 he had n't hurt her , but it certainly looked like he was ready to introduce shane to a whole world of pain . 
 wolves were territorial . 
 especially the alphas . 
 duncan had been coming on to her-marking her in the way of shifters , she knew that-and then another male had come into the room . 
 so screwed . 
 shane was struggling to get out his gun . 
 his fingers were shaking , but , on the third try , he managed to yank the weapon from the holster . 
 then shane tried to lift the gun to duncan 's chest . 
 `` no ! '' 
 now her scream was full of fear . 
 she raced toward them . 
 but , with his left hand , duncan just snatched away the gun and tossed it across the room . 
 `` stay away ... '' duncan snarled as he lifted shane higher , `` from her . '' 
 holly grabbed the collar . 
 unlocked it . 
 duncan was so tall , about six foot four , and she was only five foot seven , so this was gon na be tricky . 
 she jumped up , trying to latch on around his back . 
 he spun at once , slamming shane to the floor and catching her in his arms . 
 he lifted her , bringing her closer even as he frowned down at her . 
 gotcha . 
 `` sorry , '' holly whispered , and she locked the collar around his throat . 
 the silver immediately began to burn him , sending faint plumes of smoke into the air as the skin on his neck reddened and blistered . 
 he dropped her , and her ass hit the tile with an impact that would leave one hell of a bruise . 
 but she jumped to her feet and rushed toward the counter . 
 duncan was yelling and snarling and trying to yank the silver collar away from his neck . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 holly shouted at him as her fingers curled around the collar 's remote . 
 `` you 're just making it hurt worse ! '' 
 that was the way the collar had been designed . 
 the more you struggled , the more you 'd burn . 
 she typed in a code for that collar , then adjusted the setting , knocking down the intensity . 
 `` give me just a second , and i 'll help you . '' 
 his head whipped toward her . 
 his fingers were still at the collar , shaking . 
 burning . 
 `` i can make the pain stop , '' she whispered , `` but you have to show me that you have control . '' 
 he was coming toward her . 
 stalking her . 
 seemingly uncaring now of the burns on his throat . 
 `` d-duncan ? '' 
 he kept coming toward her . 
 holly was afraid that `` control '' might not be part of his vocabulary anymore . 
 chapter two footsteps thundered behind him . 
 `` freeze , mcguire ! '' 
 freeze . 
 the order was so familiar . 
 so was the voice shouting it . 
 pate . 
 but duncan did n't freeze . 
 he kept stalking toward holly . 
 she was the only thing that mattered to him . 
 holly with her high cheekbones , those deep , dark brown eyes , her golden skin , and the dark silk of her hair . 
 why had n't he ever noticed how sweet she smelled ? 
 her scent was pulling him in , drawing him closer and closer . 
 he 'd followed that scent on her neck . 
 tasted her skin with his tongue . 
 she tasted as sweet as she smelled . 
 he 'd taken her lips . 
 enjoyed her mouth . 
 her lips were red from his kiss now , and all he could think was ... i want to taste all of her . 
 the beast was growling , eager to claim his prey . 
 `` do n't take another step , mcguire ! '' 
 that annoying voice shouted again . 
 `` or i 'll shoot ! '' 
 the swinging doors burst open behind pate . 
 duncan did n't have to take another step . 
 holly was the one who rushed toward him . 
 she hurried to stand between him ... and the group of agents who 'd just rushed into the med unit . 
 the armed agents . 
 duncan 's gaze swept over them . 
 when he 'd first awoken , he 'd known only lust . 
 for holly . 
 he 'd seen her . 
 smelled her . 
 wanted . 
 then shane had come in , and all he 'd been able to think was ... stay away . 
 a haze of red had covered his vision . 
 mine . 
 an instinctive , primal response . 
 but the silver collar was doing its job . 
 it was keeping the wolf in check . 
 holding back the beast . 
 for now . 
 the sinister whisper seemed to come from within him . 
 his gaze swept over the agents . 
 pate 's face was tense . 
 he 'd clenched his jaw , and the guy 's green gaze glittered . 
 elias , the poor bastard , looked miserable . 
 he was pale , with a stricken stare . 
 shane had picked himself off the floor and was rolling his right shoulder . 
 huh . 
 did i dislocate it ? 
 maybe . 
 things had been a little hazy at that point . 
 three other agents were behind them-daphne , brent , and luke . 
 all of their weapons were aimed at duncan and , now , at holly . 
 the weapons were pointed at holly . 
 he lifted his hands . 
 saw the long , deadly black claws that had sprung from his fingertips . 
 `` everyone needs to calm down , '' holly said , but her own voice was shaking and high . 
 `` he 's collared . 
 he 's under control . '' 
 collared . 
 he barely felt the burn of the silver on his neck anymore . 
 or the burn in his fingers . 
 he just felt - strong . 
 like he could rip apart anyone who got in his way . 
 maybe he would . 
 `` he does n't seem controlled to me , '' shane muttered , rolling that shoulder once more . 
 `` the guy nearly choked the life out of me ! '' 
 there were red imprints on shane 's neck . 
 from my hands . 
 duncan took a step back . 
 stared harder at his claws . 
 he had n't wanted this . 
 had n't ever wanted it . 
 he looked up-and right into elias 's gaze . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' his partner whispered the words , but duncan heard him perfectly . 
 because his senses were enhanced . 
 he was n't human anymore . 
 he grabbed holly 's arm and spun her toward him . 
 `` what the f ** k is happening ? '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 the others started to spring forward . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 holly yelled , and she threw out one arm , palm out , to halt them in their tracks . 
 `` he 's not attacking me . 
 duncan is in control . '' 
 then , softer , just for his ears , she said , `` please , tell me that you 're in control . '' 
 her scent ... his head bent toward her . 
 he wanted to bite . 
 badly . 
 but he managed , `` i 'm in ... control . '' 
 lie . 
 `` good . '' 
 her breath rushed out . 
 `` pate , get your agents to lower their guns ! 
 duncan is contained . 
 there 's no need for any more violence . '' 
 `` he choked me - '' shane snapped . 
 `` but he did n't kill you , '' holly threw back without taking her gaze off duncan 's . 
 `` you 're lucky . 
 he 'd just woken up , his beast was in control . '' 
 `` and what ? '' 
 shane demanded , his faint drawl thickening a bit . 
 `` his beast wanted to f ** k ? 
 'cause it sure looked like he was about to eat you alive . '' 
 her cheeks flushed a dark red . 
 duncan 's head whipped up , and his eyes locked on the other agent . 
 shane immediately stumbled back . 
 `` wow , big guy . 
 easy . 
 let 's not go for my throat again , okay ? '' 
 the thought was tempting . 
 `` mcguire ? '' 
 pate called . 
 `` are you in control or is that wolf about to launch out ? '' 
 gritting his teeth duncan said , `` i 'm ... here . '' 
 a monster . 
 fucking claws and fangs and a fire burning beneath my skin . 
 `` good , '' pate said as he holstered his gun . 
 his gaze swept over duncan . 
 then holly . 
 `` but are you gon na stay in control ? '' 
 that was hard to say . 
 duncan did n't know if he 'd even given that one fifty-fifty odds . 
 `` get your men out of here , '' holly said , voice stronger now , as she darted a glance at pate . 
 `` i need to finish my exam on duncan . '' 
 `` it 's not safe , '' shane immediately fired . 
 `` that guy can go beast any minute ! '' 
 `` not with the silver on him , '' holly said , shaking her head . 
 her hair slipped back over her shoulders . 
 `` just at this facility , we 've used the collars on over three dozen werewolf prisoners at various times , and they all stayed in human form with them on . '' 
 she looked back up at duncan . 
 `` as long as the collar is on , they ca n't shift fully . 
 the collar will keep him in check . '' 
 did the others hear the faint hitch in her words ? 
 a dead giveaway for a lie . 
 but , no , pate was nodding his head . 
 motioning for the others to file out . 
 with slumped shoulders , elias was the first agent out the door . 
 the others followed suit , with shane casting a few suspicious glances over his shoulder as he left . 
 then only pate was there . 
 his gaze studied duncan like he was some kind of damn experiment . 
 oh , yeah , i am . 
 `` finish the exam , then ... '' pate 's jaw clenched . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mcguire , but you 'll have to stay in a cell for tonight . 
 just until we 're absolutely sure about you . 
 we ca n't - '' ca n't turn me loose on the humans . 
 right . 
 he knew what happened when a wild werewolf attacked . 
 he stared down at his claws . 
 the damn things would n't retract . 
 `` holly ? '' 
 pate called , and he motioned for her to come closer . 
 slowly , holly left duncan 's side . 
 he noticed that she kept the collar 's remote in her hand . 
 probably in case he went wild , and she needed to zap him with a high dose of silver . 
 pate bent his head near hers . 
 his fingers slid over her shoulder . 
 duncan growled . 
 pate 's head immediately lifted , and he frowned at duncan . 
 `` do n't touch her , '' duncan ordered , voice lethal . 
 the wolf was suddenly right there , beneath his skin . 
 he could smell holly , and now ... now pate 's thick scent was mingling with hers . 
 away . 
 away from her . 
 now . 
 pate backed up a step . 
 `` i was afraid that would happen . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's the reason i wanted you away from the other wolves , holly . 
 i told you that it was a good idea for your assistant to take the blood samples from them . '' 
 pate tapped his nose . 
 `` he 's reacting to what you are . '' 
 what she was ? 
 holly darted a quick glance at duncan . 
 `` i can help him . 
 you know i can . 
 just ... give me time . '' 
 since she was looking at duncan , holly missed the calculating gaze that pate gave her . 
 duncan did n't miss it , and he wondered what game the guy was playing . 
 `` do n't be afraid to amp up that silver , '' pate advised her . 
 then he was gazing at duncan once more . 
 `` i know you 're angry . '' 
 duncan laughed . 
 a bitter , twisted sound . 
 `` i knew ... the risks coming in ... '' talking seemed hard . 
 as if it were some foreign activity , and his voice was rougher and deeper than it had been before . 
 `` but i told you ... always ... i 'd never wanted to be like this ... '' `` most would have died from your injuries , mcguire . 
 and you know that only about one percent of the population can even become werewolves . '' 
 one percent . 
 the deadliest one percent . 
 men and women with dna that had designed them to be perfect killers . 
 men and women who were skilled at hunting , at dealing death . 
 i was too good at my job . 
 `` not everyone can track wolves the way you did , moving almost as damn fast as them , '' pate continued . 
 duncan shoved his claws behind his back . 
 `` now we need to see just what you 'll become - '' duncan laughed at that . 
 `` i 'll become a monster , you know it . 
 i know it . '' 
 he inclined his head toward holly . 
 `` she knows it . 
 the collar will hold me for now , but what the hell happens when the full moon rises and i turn ? '' 
 because all werewolves shifted into the form of the beast when the moon rose . 
 during the rise of the full moon , a werewolf was at his strongest , most dangerous point . 
 `` you just gon na keep me locked up forever ? 
 because that 's what you 'd have to do . 
 if you let me out , i 'll kill . '' 
 `` one step at a time , '' pate said , voice flat . 
 `` the moon wo n't rise for a few days . '' 
 that was n't exactly a whole lot of time . 
 `` a lot can happen between now and then . '' 
 yeah , things changed fast all right . 
 just yesterday , he 'd been a human with a hard-on for the sexy little doc who stood just a few feet away . 
 now , he was a werewolf . 
 and he still wanted her . 
 pate cut his gaze toward holly . 
 `` give me your report as soon as you 're done examining him . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 then pate was gone . 
 the fool actually left holly alone with him . 
 holly stared after pate a moment , then she headed toward those swinging doors that led out of the med unit . 
 she punched in a series of numbers on the keypad near the left door . 
 a bolt slid into place , locking her and duncan in the room . 
 locking the others out . 
 `` you sure that 's ... wise ? '' 
 duncan muttered . 
 `` you just locked yourself in - '' `` with a big , bad werewolf ? '' 
 holly finished and turned toward him . 
 surprisingly , there was no fear in her eyes . 
 `` do n't worry , i can handle you . '' 
 because she still had her little fingers curved around the remote . 
 `` and what if the silver stops working ? '' 
 that tiny little remote did n't seem so all powerful to him . 
 her gaze went to his neck . 
 `` then i 'll come up with a plan b. i 'm pretty good at coming up with backup plans . '' 
 he wanted to smile . 
 if his life had n't gone straight to hell , he probably would have . 
 `` you 're too smart for this . 
 you know that you need to get away from me . '' 
 the woman who 'd spent so long blushing and avoiding his gaze now tilted her head back and stared him straight in the eyes . 
 then she began to walk toward him with slow , but sure steps . 
 `` why ? 
 because you might decide to take a bite out of me again ? '' 
 he 'd be honest . 
 `` because i do n't have a whole lot of control right now , and , doc , in case you missed the little show earlier , i want to f ** k you . '' 
 the blunt words made her hesitate , just for a moment . 
 she rallied pretty quickly though . 
 `` i. . . 
 um ... did n't miss it , no . '' 
 holly motioned to the table behind him . 
 he 'd glanced back at the straps he 'd shredded . 
 duncan did n't really recall ripping them apart . 
 `` can you get back on the table ? 
 i need to finish my exam . '' 
 because he was the new science project in the para unit . 
 he turned away from her and faced the table . 
 she closed the distance between them , the clicks of her high heels filling his ears and her seductive scent wrapping around him . 
 `` dammit . '' 
 his hands slammed down , and his fingers curled around the side of the exam table . 
 he was pretty sure that he was about to dent the metal . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 then she made a mistake . 
 she touched him . 
 he whirled toward her and grabbed her hand . 
 careful , careful . 
 her wrist felt so delicate in his grasp that he was afraid one wrong move from him would shatter her bones . 
 `` why do you smell like that ? '' 
 duncan demanded as he inhaled deeply , desperate for more of that scent . 
 her eyes were wide . 
 darker than the night . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 her voice came out as a husky whisper . 
 the kind of whisper a woman used when she was in bed . 
 `` like honey and sex . 
 sin . 
 fucking temptation . '' 
 and resisting temptation was becoming harder with every second that passed . 
 she tried to pull her hand away . 
 `` i-i do n't know what you mean . '' 
 her scent was driving him crazy . 
 his temples began to throb . 
 so did another part of his body . 
 `` you 're senses are heightened . 
 all werewolves have sharper senses than humans . 
 so maybe my ... ah ... scent just seems different to you because of that . '' 
 maybe . 
 but he was also starting to think her sweet scent might be making him a bit drunk . 
 when she tried to break free again , he let her go . 
 she quickly put about three feet of space between them . 
 and he realized that she still had the remote in her left hand . 
 `` why ... why did n't you use the collar then ? '' 
 she gave a faint laugh . 
 the sound slid right over his skin like a caress . 
 `` because you caught my hand ? 
 duncan , you 'd have to do a whole lot more to me than just that . 
 i 'm not going to hurt you for a touch . '' 
 but he wanted far more than a touch . 
 `` climb onto the table , '' she said , her voice still with a faint huskiness that he liked too much . 
 `` let me finish my exam . 
 i need to get some blood samples . 
 check your wounds . '' 
 `` i do n't have any wounds . '' 
 the truth . 
 he 'd felt the skin stretching . 
 mending . 
 any wounds that he 'd gotten during his attack were gone . 
 `` werewolves do n't usually heal that fast , '' she said , brows pulling low . 
 holly attached the collar 's remote to her belt , then she came forward once more and put her hands on his chest as she studied his body . 
 her hands were slightly cool . 
 her touch was probably meant to be the impersonal one of a doctor but ... he had to grind his back teeth together to hold back a moan . 
 `` they 're totally healed . 
 amazing . '' 
 she reached for a needle . 
 pushed it against the vein near his elbow . 
 the needle snapped . 
 `` i was afraid of that . '' 
 she reached around him . 
 lifted a second syringe . 
 `` this needle has silver elements in its composition . 
 it will penetrate your skin , but it 'll hurt . '' 
 her lips tightened . 
 `` it 'll burn . '' 
 he appreciated the warning , but ... `` i 'm already burning . '' 
 her gaze snapped up to his . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it feels like my blood is boiling . 
 everything is heating inside me . '' 
 he waved his hand . 
 `` so drive the damn needle in me . 
 it wo n't make any difference . '' 
 she bit her lip . 
 i want to bite it . 
 instead , he yanked his gaze away from her . 
 tried to look anywhere , but at her . 
 because he did n't want her to see the wild lust in his gaze . 
 the needle pushed into his arm . 
 yeah , he barely felt that little sting . 
 then she was pulling the needle out . 
 rubbing his arm lightly with her gloved fingers . 
 `` stop . '' 
 because he could n't handle anymore then . 
 the beast was snarling inside of him , and the silver collar did n't seem to be holding the wolf in check much . 
 want . 
 it was her scent . 
 honey and sex . 
 calling to him . 
 tempting . 
 kiss her . 
 strip her . 
 fuck her . 
 `` am i hurting you ? '' 
 her voice was that soft murmur that she 'd probably use after sex . 
 `` get . 
 away , '' duncan gritted . 
 because his claws were still out . 
 if he touched her again , he 'd hurt her . 
 cut her skin . 
 make her bleed . 
 was n't that what monsters did ? 
 and had n't he become a monster ? 
 `` i-i did n't meant to hurt you . '' 
 she stumbled back and her elbow banged into an instrument tray . 
 `` you did n't hurt me . '' 
 he held his body perfect still , fighting the urge to literally pounce on her . 
 `` but if you do n't get away from me , i 'll hurt you . '' 
 he knew a containment cell was down the hallway to the left . 
 cell a was separated from the other prisoners . 
 `` go unbar the door and let me out . '' 
 definitely more animal growl then . 
 `` where will you go ? '' 
 `` cell a. '' maximum security . 
 she hurried toward the door . 
 a few seconds later , the bar slid back . 
 he did n't look at her as he nearly ran out of the med unit . 
 he had to get to cell a. had to be contained . 
 before it was too late . 
 his c ** k was aching . 
 his muscles trembling . 
 and if she came close to him again , with that scent , with those dark eyes ... i will hurt her . 
 because it was n't just the man who wanted her . 
 he 'd been right about that fear . 
 the beast he was becoming wanted her , too . 
 maybe he wanted her even more . 
 `` duncan ! '' 
 she was rushing after him . 
 he did n't stop . 
 he entered cell a. slammed the door behind him . 
 then he took five quick steps away from the door . 
 her breath was panting out . 
 her br ** sts rising and falling . 
 `` lock it , '' he snarled . 
 `` what 's happening ? 
 are you - '' `` lock it , or i 'll be on you . '' 
 he could n't get any more clear than that . 
 or maybe , he could . 
 i 'll be in you . 
 her eyes widened . 
 she yanked a keycard out of her pocket and swiped it over the electronic lock . 
 the lock engaged and bolted . 
 she stared at him . 
 the bars of cell a were thick , reinforced , and supposedly designed to keep even the strongest of paranormals inside . 
 there was a cot to the left of duncan . 
 a toilet . 
 a sink . 
 she wrapped her hands on the bars . 
 `` duncan , i 'm so sorry this happened to you . '' 
 he stiffened . 
 `` i do n't need your pity . '' 
 was the woman missing the whole bit where he was close to ripping her clothes off ? 
 `` you need to get away from me . 
 stay away . 
 get another doctor to - '' `` there is no other doctor here . 
 just me . 
 you know that . '' 
 but she usually had an assistant who came in . 
 at least during the days . 
 the man who actually took the blood from the other werewolves . 
 wait , before , pate had said ... `` it 's the reason i wanted you away from the other wolves . '' 
 what was the reason ? 
 but the heat inside of his body started to build even more . 
 it felt like he was being ripped apart by that fire . 
 like ... like the wolf was coming out . 
 `` get away . '' 
 she let go of the bars , and her fingers skimmed over the remote on her belt . 
 `` maybe i should adjust the silver intensity . '' 
 `` it 's not the f ** king silver ! 
 it 's you ! '' 
 and , in an instant , he lost control . 
 he leapt across the cell . 
 freaking leapt and was in front of her in less than a second 's time . 
 `` i can smell you . 
 i can taste you . 
 and i want to f ** k you . '' 
 as if she 'd missed that part before when he 'd been driving his tongue into her mouth . 
 `` so you need to walk away . 
 walk away now . 
 run away . 
 i do n't know how strong this thing is inside of me , and if something should happen , if i got out of this cell ... '' do n't want to hurt her . 
 do n't ever want to hurt her . 
 `` you need to be away from me , '' he finished . 
 her gaze held his . 
 then she gave a slow nod and backed away from the cell . 
 he sucked in a deep breath . 
 dammit , he still tasted her . 
 holly turned away . 
 her dark hair brushed over her white lab coat . 
 she took two steps , then paused . 
 `` i was n't saying no . '' 
 he did n't know what in the hell she was talking about . 
 holly glanced over her shoulder . 
 `` i was kissing you back . 
 and i bet i left more marks on you than you left on me . '' 
 his jaw wanted to drop . 
 `` you told me what you wanted . '' 
 i want to f ** k you . 
 `` maybe next time , you 'll ask what i want . '' 
 one dark brow climbed and she smiled . 
 wait , smiled ? 
 `` could be that it 's the same thing you want . '' 
 it felt like she 'd just punched him in the chest . 
 `` get some rest , '' she told him with a small nod . 
 `` the change is going to keep pumping through your body . 
 it 'll drain your energy . 
 so just ... rest , okay ? '' 
 then she was heading down the hallway . 
 leaving him alone in the cell-in the cage . 
 leaving him with her scent still around him . 
 and leaving him with a wolf howling within him . 
 *** it was the snarls that woke her . 
 holly jumped when the sounds pierced her consciousness . 
 her eyes flew open , and she realized that she was half-sprawled over her desk . 
 she 'd been waiting for the results of the screen on duncan 's blood , and she 'd fallen asleep . 
 the snarls came again . 
 she leapt to her feet . 
 the clock on the desk said it was nearing 6 a.m. . 
 a fast glance toward her blinds did n't reveal the trickling light from dawn , not yet , but the fact that she 'd fallen asleep told her that sunrise must be getting close . 
 holly hurried toward the swinging doors of the med unit . 
 with every step that she took , she heard - snarls and growls . 
 the sounds were getting louder . 
 and she could hear yells . 
 screams ? 
 the cries were n't coming from duncan 's cell , but from the containment area on the opposite side of the base . 
 she grabbed for her master remote , one that she kept as a precaution in case any of the wolves ever got loose . 
 i do believe in having a plan b . 
 she ran toward those growls and screams . 
 when she shoved open the doors that led to the main containment area , the scent of blood hit her . 
 blood and-beast . 
 because wolves were there , wolves not in any cells . 
 these were n't wolves that they had captured . 
 she knew because there were no silver collars on the giant , snarling beasts . 
 she counted four fully shifted wolves running near the cells , wolves that were attacking the guards who 'd been stationed at the main containment area . 
 not just attacking them ... the guards were dead . 
 their screams had stopped . 
 how had the wolves gotten inside ? 
 how had they even found the base ? 
 the place was supposed to be secure , with guards on the exterior of the perimeter and - the wolves were closing in on her . 
 holly froze . 
 the remote was n't going to do her any good . 
 the three collared werewolves were still in their cages . 
 they were n't moving at all . 
 just watching the carnage , still in human form . 
 silver did n't bind the beasts coming toward her . 
 `` do n't try to run , '' this came from the man in the first cell . 
 his light green eyes locked on her . 
 `` they like it when prey runs . '' 
 so she was just supposed to stand there and let them eat her ? 
 hell , no . 
 she stumbled back a few steps-then slammed her hand on the alarm . 
 the guards had n't been given the chance to ring that alarm . 
 backup had n't come for them . 
 please , let that backup come in time for me . 
 the sound was high and shrill and designed to have the extra benefit of including multiple frequencies when it was activated . 
 the techs had created the alarm after they 'd studied canines for months . 
 humans could n't hear the part of the alarm that would send a werewolf to his knees . 
 the para unit had wanted to be able to fight back against the beasts . 
 the wolves started to howl and snarl . 
 one ran blindly forward and shoved his head into the wall . 
 they were distracted . 
 hurting . 
 the alarm was driving them crazy-just as it was supposed to do . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 the sharp order came from the green-eyed man . 
 saul . 
 a werewolf who 'd ripped the throats out of six homeless men in seattle . 
 `` do n't run ! '' 
 saul said again . 
 his face tightened with pain as he slammed his hands over his ears . 
 her frantic gaze locked on him . 
 he was sagging to the ground as the alarm echoed through the facility . 
 `` they 'll ... kill you ... '' no , they would n't . 
 not then . 
 she 'd get out . 
 seal the room up and - `` and ... i. . . 
 want to do that ... '' saul 's hands pulled from his ears . 
 his fingers wrapped around the bars . 
 `` i want that sw-sweet blood ... '' the bastard was saying he wanted to kill her ? 
 she yanked out the remote . 
 found the frequency for his collar and punched in the code to amp up his silver concentration . 
 he hit the floor , and she started to run . 
 only she had n't seen the fifth werewolf . 
 the one who was blocking the exit . 
 and coming at her even as he howled in pain . 
 *** duncan heard her scream . 
 the alarm was shrieking , pain throbbed through his head , and duncan heard holly scream . 
 he did n't even know how he knew the high , desperate cry belonged to holly , but ... i f ** king do . 
 `` holly ! '' 
 he yelled as he grabbed at the silver bars . 
 the silver burned his hands , but he did n't let go . 
 he jerked , yanked . 
 nothing . 
 the bars did n't so much as bend . 
 `` holly ! '' 
 he only heard the continuing shriek of the alarm . 
 he strained , trying to make out anything else , and ... was that a growl ? 
 a snarl ? 
 werewolves . 
 where the hell were the other agents ? 
 holly was in trouble . 
 holly could be hurt . 
 his claws were out . 
 his lengthening canines stretching in his mouth . 
 his fingers curled tightly around the bars , and he yanked once more and - blood . 
 he could smell blood , fresh blood . 
 her blood . 
 `` holly ! '' 
 he roared her name , and the cell bar snapped in his hand . 
 one bar . 
 another . 
 another . 
 then he was breaking out of that cell , ripping away anything in his path . 
 his muscles were stretching , aching , as he ran toward that scent . 
 but then ... something happened to him . 
 the fire that he 'd felt in his body ignited into an inferno . 
 duncan fell to the floor , convulsing . 
 fur burst along his skin . 
 his bones snapped . 
 his muscles contorted . 
 he could n't speak , not any longer . 
 he could only growl and howl as the transformation swept over him . 
 brutal , excruciating , but lasting only for a matter of seconds . 
 then he was on his feet . 
 all four of them . 
 running toward the blood because the scent was even stronger now . 
 he was n't a man . 
 he was the beast . 
 and he was ... hungry . 
 chapter three the big , gray wolf had slashed holly 's arm . 
 her blood dripped on the floor as she edged back away from him . 
 she had managed to retrieve a gun from one of the fallen guards-a gun he 'd never had the chance to use-and she lifted the weapon now . 
 the bullets would be silver . 
 they 'd better be . 
 and she was about to fire a bullet right into that werewolf 's head . 
 the door flew open behind the gray wolf and another wolf-this one even bigger , but with thick black fur and some damn huge teeth-came flying into the room . 
 her gun swung toward the new threat because ... yes , that wolf was focusing on her . 
 coming right toward her . 
 her hand tightened on the gun . 
 i know those eyes . 
 the black wolf had bright blue eyes . 
 blue eyes that were streaked with gold . 
 duncan 's gaze . 
 she lowered her gun . 
 the gray wolf leapt at her . 
 she jumped back , barely avoiding another swipe from those powerful claws . 
 a howl of fury seemed to shake the room . 
 duncan 's howl . 
 then the black wolf slammed his body into the other beast . 
 the gray wolf went down and duncan-she turned away just as his teeth sank into the gray wolf 's neck . 
 `` alpha ... '' the stark whisper came from saul . 
 her head jerked toward him . 
 he was still clinging to the bars . 
 smiling , ignoring the shriek of the alarm and the smoke that drifted up from his clinging fingertips . 
 `` we can ... smell him ... others will want to fight ... to see if they can take down ... an alpha ... '' `` no one 's taking him down , '' holly snapped , but then she glanced back at duncan . 
 the other wolves were up and circling duncan now . 
 going in to attack while he was fighting the gray wolf . 
 they thought they 'd gang up on duncan ? 
 not on her watch . 
 `` get away from him ! '' 
 she yelled and fired her gun . 
 one bullet hit a white wolf in the flank . 
 the wolf yelped . 
 she aimed again . 
 the doors burst open . 
 armed agents spilled into the room . 
 about freaking time . 
 the wolves turned on this new threat . 
 with their fangs bared , they lunged toward the agents . 
 the agents began to fire at them . 
 to fire at duncan ? 
 they would n't realize that duncan was in wolf form . 
 they 'd think he was an attacker . 
 they 'd kill him , too . 
 `` no ! '' 
 holly ran to duncan and wrapped her arms around him . 
 `` do n't shoot ! 
 he 's one of ours . '' 
 `` is he ? '' 
 came saul 's mocking voice . 
 she held duncan tighter . 
 his fur was soft against her skin and his sharp teeth were way too close to her neck . 
 but she did n't back away from him . 
 he needed her . 
 howls and growls and the thunder of gunfire shook the room . 
 when duncan 's body tensed , as if he 'd spring to join the fight , her arms just held him tighter . 
 `` do n't , '' she whispered . 
 `` you 'll just get shot , and i wo n't let you die like this . '' 
 shot down as a beast . 
 that was n't the end that waited for duncan . 
 then the gunfire stopped . 
 the growls died away . 
 she lifted her head and searched the area with a quick gaze . 
 saul was laughing . 
 `` they 'll ... keep coming ... '' pate ran toward her . 
 `` holly ? 
 holly , are you all right ? '' 
 she nodded , but she did n't let go of duncan . 
 `` they 'll keep coming ... for him ... already one alpha in this town , '' saul said , voice deepening . 
 `` already one . '' 
 what ? 
 like one werewolf was going to dominate everything ? 
 the werewolves in this city needed to realize there was room for two alphas . 
 because duncan was n't dying . 
 pate reached for her arm . 
 duncan lunged at him , snapping with his fangs . 
 `` easy . '' 
 pate put his hands up . 
 he could have just shot duncan , so she appreciated the guy 's restraint . 
 one blond brow rose as pate darted a glance at holly . 
 `` i 'm guessing that 's our guy in there ? '' 
 somewhere in the beast , yes , but she just did n't know how much of the man remained then . 
 her fingers slid around his neck . 
 the collar was designed to automatically contract or expand to match a werewolf 's transformation . 
 a rather clever bit of technology that pate was particularly proud of-since he 'd designed it himself . 
 `` can you control him ? '' 
 pate asked . 
 she did n't want to use her remote to increase the silver levels hitting him . 
 it just did n't seem right to hurt him when he 'd come racing to her rescue . 
 holly was n't exactly sure how he 'd managed that escape from his cell , but she was grateful to him . 
 so , instead of using the remote , her fingers stroked his fur . 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 his head turned . 
 his eyes-wild , shining so brightly-met hers . 
 `` can you shift back ? '' 
 holly whispered . 
 `` the agents are here . 
 i 'm safe now . 
 can you-can you shift ? '' 
 `` you 're not safe ! '' 
 saul yelled . 
 he was getting on her nerves . 
 the alarm had stopped shrieking , and he had gotten stronger . 
 `` that wolf ... he 's your biggest threat . 
 you think i 'm bad ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` wait until you see what an alpha can do to you . '' 
 at that , the black wolf pulled away from holly . 
 rushed toward saul 's cage . 
 and growled . 
 saul growled back . 
 then saul 's eyelids flickered and he ... lowered his head ? 
 holly sucked in a gasp of surprise as saul dropped to his knees in front of duncan . 
 wolf dynamics . 
 they were scaring the crap out of her . 
 she glanced around the room once more . 
 saw the bodies . 
 the dead werewolves were shifting back to human form . 
 one woman . 
 four men . 
 pate eased closer to holly as the other agents went to check on the guards . 
 checking would do no good . 
 they were dead . 
 `` you 're bleeding . '' 
 pate 's voice was tight . 
 he did n't touch her . 
 probably because he was afraid of duncan 's reaction . 
 she was a little afraid of it , too . 
 `` did you get bitten ? '' 
 holly shook her head . 
 `` it 's just a scratch . '' 
 from some very big claws . 
 her head turned . 
 she met his gaze . 
 `` they attacked just after dawn . '' 
 if they 'd come sooner , she would have been able to fight back more . 
 he nodded , immediately understanding what she could n't say with so many others close by . 
 `` how did they get in ? '' 
 holly whispered . 
 the facility should have been secure . 
 `` the guards outside - '' `` are dead . '' 
 flat , but emotion blazed in his eyes . 
 `` slaughtered . 
 these wolves came here because ... fuck , i think they tracked him . '' 
 the him in question ... well , pate was staring at duncan . 
 duncan 's head turned toward them . 
 she knew he 'd heard what pate had just said . 
 with his enhanced werewolf hearing , the guy could probably hear a pin dropping to the floor . 
 but why would the werewolves come for duncan ? 
 why - saul was still smiling . 
 her eyes narrowed on him . 
 she marched toward him , aware of throbbing in her arm from the werewolf attack . 
 `` tell us what 's happening here , '' she demanded . 
 because the guards inside were dead . 
 the ones outside were dead . 
 and the whole mess was nothing more than a bloodbath . 
 saul kept grinning . 
 she felt like giving the jerk something to grin about . 
 if it was n't dawn ... and then ... duncan let out a low howl . 
 he tossed his head back and started to shift . 
 the sound of the transformation was horrible . 
 muscles seemed to rip and tear . 
 bones broke . 
 snapped back together . 
 his body contorted , and she had to lock down every muscle in her body so that she would n't run to him and try to help . 
 because there was no help that she could give , and if she got too close during the shift , holly knew he might attack her . 
 wolves lost control of their bodies during the shift . 
 their arms flew out , their legs kicked . 
 she did n't want to chance another swipe from a werewolf 's claws . 
 then he was on the floor . 
 naked . 
 sprawled face-down . 
 the muscles of his broad back were so strong , but trembling , and his ass - wow . 
 great ass , and it was a very bad time for her to be noticing it . 
 duncan pushed up to his feet . 
 pate tossed him a pair of sweats that he 'd just pulled from a nearby storage locker . 
 duncan caught them , yanked them on , and had to put a hand on the cell 's bar to steady himself . 
 when his fingers began to smoke , he lifted that hand away . 
 she could n't stay back any longer . 
 holly took a step toward him . 
 but duncan shook his head . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 the one , clipped word felt like a slap in the face . 
 then duncan moved in a lightning-fast lunge . 
 his hand shot through the side of the cage , sliding right between the bars . 
 his fingers wrapped around saul 's neck , and he jerked the guy forward . 
 saul 's head slammed into the bars . 
 smoke rose . 
 `` she wants to know ... '' duncan said , voice so rough and deep , `` what the hell is happening here . 
 why did those wolves attack ? '' 
 saul could n't speak , mostly because duncan seemed to be choking him . 
 saul 's face had turned a dark shade of purple . 
 `` uh , you need to ease that grip , '' pate muttered as he came closer to duncan . 
 `` you know the dead ca n't talk . '' 
 that was n't entirely true . 
 sometimes they can . 
 holly fisted her hands and refused to reach out again to duncan . 
 he 'd already shot her down once in front of pate and the others . 
 duncan 's grip on the werewolf eased . 
 saul sucked in a deep breath . 
 another . 
 then he started talking . 
 `` they can ... smell you . '' 
 a faint furrow appeared between duncan 's brows . 
 `` alpha scent , '' holly whispered , understanding . 
 pate gave a barely perceptible nod . 
 `` when you changed , they knew ... '' saul 's breath wheezed out . 
 he still was n't free of duncan 's grip , but at least he was getting oxygen now . 
 `` but a human does n't just get to be ... top dog ... you have to ... fight for it ... '' `` i do n't want to be the damn top dog , '' duncan snapped , `` i do n't want - '' `` not about what you want . 
 about what the ... beast inside wants . '' 
 saul 's gaze darted to holly . 
 `` he 's gon na ... take what he wants . '' 
 the words seemed like a threat . 
 saul 's gaze returned to duncan . 
 `` you 'll have to fight ... prove your worth . 
 then you can lead the pack . '' 
 `` screw that . '' 
 duncan released him and moved back a few feet . 
 `` i 'm not interested in the pack . 
 i do n't want - '' `` then you 're dead . '' 
 saul straightened his shoulders , seemed to gather his strength . 
 `` you fight and win , you lead ... or you die . '' 
 saul tilted his head as he studied duncan . 
 `` this town ca n't take two alphas . '' 
 `` who 's the other alpha ? '' 
 holly demanded . 
 they were still learning about werewolf dynamics , but if the dead werewolves had been sent to attack duncan , then it sure stood to reason that the other alpha had been the one to send them out on the hunt . 
 but saul just smirked at her . 
 `` do n't worry , you 'll be finding out , sweets , soon enough . '' 
 yes , those words were definitely a threat . 
 `` and you 'll be getting sliced open , '' duncan said as he lifted his claws . 
 `` soon damn enough if you do n't tell me where the other alpha is . '' 
 `` i can help you , '' saul said as he paled . 
 he held up his hands , palms out . 
 the gesture probably would have looked more innocent if he had n't been sporting two inch long claws on his fingertips . 
 `` yeah , you can , '' duncan agreed . 
 the sweats hung low on his hips . 
 `` tell me where to find the alpha . 
 tell me who the bastard is . '' 
 saul licked his lips . 
 `` get me out of here . 
 give me my freedom . 
 then we 'll talk . '' 
 pate laughed , drawing saul 's attention . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 you carved up humans ! 
 six of them . 
 i 'm pretty sure you even ate one of the poor bastards . 
 you are n't getting out of here . 
 you 're going to purgatory , and you 're not getting out . '' 
 purgatory . 
 the name of the only prison for paranormals that existed . 
 until recently , the only way to stop a paranormal had been to kill him . 
 or her . 
 but now ... even though most humans did n't even know about the existence of the paranormal creatures , uncle sam wanted them treated more humanely . 
 so purgatory had been created . 
 modeled after alcatraz , the prison was supposed to be inescapable . 
 located on a tiny island off the coast of washington , the walls had been made out of a special metal formulated by the government . 
 an unbreakable metal with silver components . 
 inside , all of the cells were secured with silver bars . 
 the guards used weapons that contained either wooden bullets-when they were in the vampire wards-or silver bullets-when they were guarding the werewolves . 
 purgatory had been in operation for over a year , and , so far , the prison seemed to be doing its job-keeping the most dangerous of the paranormals locked up and away from humans . 
 the only prison of its kind in the world . 
 purgatory would succeed or ... it would fail , horribly . 
 personally , the idea of having all of the most dangerous paranormals in one small place ... um , yeah , that idea terrified holly . 
 but no one had listened to her when she went before the small committee in d.c. and told them it was a very bad idea . 
 she was just the md who 'd been brought into the seattle para unit because of her connection to pate . 
 the suits wanted her reports , not her take on armageddon . 
 `` you are n't getting out , '' duncan said to saul , shaking his head . 
 saul 's jaw hardened . 
 `` you think you 're so different from me ? '' 
 the dead guards had been taken away , but the scent of blood lingered in the air . 
 holly swallowed a few times as her head began to throb . 
 she realized that she 'd lost more blood from her attack than she 'd initially realized . 
 too much blood . 
 her kind had a tendency to bleed too freely when injured . 
 `` they 'll have you in a cage soon ! '' 
 saul threw at duncan . 
 holly barely controlled a wince at the guy 's shriek because the truth was that actually , they 'd already put him in a cage . 
 but duncan had somehow gotten out , and he 'd rushed in to help her . 
 `` do n't you get it ? '' 
 saul 's lengthening teeth snapped together . 
 `` it 's us against them . 
 you 're not human anymore . 
 you 're better . '' 
 he spat toward pate . 
 uh , oh . 
 the guy should n't try to piss off pate . 
 pate held out his hand to holly . 
 she knew he wanted the remote . 
 she also knew this part was n't going to be pretty . 
 `` pate ... '' his hand waited . 
 no expression crossed his face . 
 `` tell us where the alpha is , '' pate said softly as he kept his gaze on saul , `` or you 're going to find yourself in a great deal of pain soon . '' 
 sometimes , it was hard for her to remember pate the way he 'd been ... before . 
 before he 'd learned about the paranormals out in the world . 
 before he 'd become so single-minded and focused on the para unit 's mission . 
 pate was determined to take the killers off the streets-the paranormal killers . 
 she wondered , secretly because she could never tell him , just how far would pate be willing to go in order to stop the monsters that he hunted ? 
 just what would he do ? 
 risk his own men ? 
 set them up so that they could be exposed , could be transformed ? 
 would he risk his own sister ? 
 saul 's hands rose to the collar that circled around his throat . 
 `` gon na punch it up ? 
 gon na make me scream ? '' 
 `` yes , '' pate said with a nod . 
 `` i will . 
 if it means i can keep my men alive , i 'll do anything . '' 
 his gaze cut to holly . 
 `` the remote . '' 
 impatience crackled in the word . 
 locking her jaw , she gave it to him , but her stare met saul 's . 
 `` there 's no need for this . 
 just tell us where to find the other alpha . 
 tell us . '' 
 so you do n't burn . 
 his nostrils flared . 
 `` all that sweet smelling blood ... do you taste like dessert ? 
 i bet you do - '' duncan shoved his hand through the bars again , but this time , saul leapt back . 
 `` i 'm dead if i tell you ! 
 so use the remote . '' 
 he pointed at pate . 
 `` blast me with the silver . 
 i do n't care ! 
 if i talk , i die . '' 
 it was obvious to holly that he feared the alpha out in the city far more than he feared any pain they could give to him . 
 pate glanced down at the remote . 
 then pate looked back up at her . 
 `` go outside , holly . 
 maybe i was wrong about all of the guards outside . 
 if any of them survived , they 'll need you . '' 
 right . 
 right . 
 she should have thought - she turned away , rushing for the door . 
 `` good-bye , holly . '' 
 duncan 's voice . 
 rumbling . 
 she risked a quick glance back over shoulder . 
 his gaze was on hers . 
 and he looked so ... sad . 
 `` i 'll be back , '' she whispered . 
 his lips twisted into what could have been a smile . 
 but was n't . 
 too rough . 
 too hard . 
 then she was running out of that containment area . 
 hurrying for her office , and she knew that pate had just wanted to get rid of her . 
 he had n't wanted her to hear what was coming . 
 she could have argued , could have stayed , but if some of the guards were still alive , she had to help them . 
 and she had to leave duncan behind . 
 *** pate took duncan into his office . 
 duncan had been in pate 's office before , plenty of times , but this was the only time that he 'd ever felt like he was a suspect . 
 pate locked the door behind him . 
 `` we do n't have a lot of options here . '' 
 what was with the `` we '' business ? 
 the last time duncan had checked , pate was still human . 
 he was the one sprouting fur and running on all fours . 
 `` the moon rises in a few days . 
 if your wolf is taking over , it 'll happen then . '' 
 a few days was n't exactly much of a countdown . 
 duncan turned his head , and his gaze raked suspiciously over the guy who 'd been his boss since he 'd joined the unit . 
 `` did you know ? '' 
 pate 's blond brows rose . 
 `` know that we 'd get attacked this morning ? 
 that my men would be slaughtered ? 
 hell , no , i did n't - '' `` did you know that i could change into a werewolf ? '' 
 because when he 'd joined the team , holly had been one of the first people he 'd seen . 
 she 'd drawn his blood and performed a slate of tests on him . 
 procedure , or at least that was what pate had told him . 
 but now he was n't so sure if it had just been pure procedure . 
 had pate been screening the recruits ? 
 checking to see if any of them had dna that would make them susceptible to a werewolf 's bite ? 
 had he looked to see who could possibly change ? 
 `` did you know ? '' 
 duncan gritted again because the tight knot in his stomach was n't easing up . 
 `` i knew . '' 
 quiet . 
 duncan 's eyes narrowed . 
 he had n't expected pate to confess to the truth so easily . 
 duncan crossed his arms over his bare chest and waited to hear the rest . 
 only pate did n't speak . 
 jaw locking , duncan asked , `` did you want me to become a werewolf ? '' 
 that was n't the question he wanted to ask . 
 he wanted to know ... did you set me up to become a monster ? 
 he was starting to think his boss just might be cold-blooded enough to have done so . 
 `` i wanted you to be an agent on my team . 
 i wanted you to do your job and take out the monsters that were preying on humans . '' 
 pate stalked toward him . 
 `` every member of my team goes through testing because we have to be prepared for any eventuality . 
 if there 's a chance that a team member will turn , i have to be ready for that situation . '' 
 `` you did n't tell me . 
 no one bothered to share any test results with me . 
 do n't you think i had a right to know ? '' 
 `` and if you had known ? '' 
 pate threw right back as he squared off against duncan . 
 `` would you have turned down the job ? 
 not gone out and hunted because you were afraid of the risk ? 
 dammit , man , you 'd already had run-ins with werewolves just working as a seattle detective . 
 you could have been bitten at any time . 
 it was n't the unit 's fault that you changed . '' 
 it was n't mine . 
 those were the words that pate did n't say , but they still seemed to hand in the air . 
 `` and if i go f ** king crazy ? '' 
 duncan wanted to know , because , yeah , that was a real possibility . 
 one that no one could sugarcoat for him . 
 some newly transformed wolves could n't handle the beast within them and they went mad . 
 `` when that moon rises and my beast takes over , what then ? '' 
 the full moon would be the most dangerous time . 
 the telling time . 
 if the beast was going to be too strong for the man in him to control , then madness could take him then . 
 but pate was shaking his head . 
 `` i 've already got it figured out for you . '' 
 right . 
 he just bet the boss did . 
 `` you just need an anchor , '' pate said . 
 `` something to hold you in check . '' 
 duncan laughed . 
 `` let me guess ... holly 's got a little drug for that ? '' 
 he knew that she and pate had been the ones to design the silver collars , an invention that the powers-that-be in the fbi loved . 
 pate did the gadgetry , and holly did the science . 
 together , they were supposed to be unbeatable . 
 good for them . 
 `` holly may have something for you , yes , '' pate said softly as a furrow appeared between his brows . 
 the faintest flicker of hope lit within duncan . 
 `` do n't bullshit me . '' 
 if there was a chance that he would n't go crazy , that he would n't turn on the humans ... then i do n't have to die . 
 because he 'd been ready to meet death if it meant he 'd spare innocent lives . 
 pate 's stare was clear . 
 `` if i 'd thought there was no hope for you , i would have let elias put his gun to your head . '' 
 fair enough . 
 the hope kept growing . 
 `` like i said , holly may be able to help you . 
 she 's a woman with surprising resources . '' 
 duncan 's gray eyes narrowed at that . 
 he was n't the only agent there who 'd wondered about the rather ... close ... relationship between pate and holly . 
 what was going on with those two ? 
 were they involved ? 
 they 'd better not be . 
 `` but before we get to the moonrise , '' pate continued , seemingly oblivious to duncan 's glare , `` we have to deal with the other alpha . 
 i do n't think he 's just going to let you live peacefully until then . '' 
 highly doubtful , and duncan did n't want more human guards getting caught in the battle . 
 unfortunately , saul and the other wolves in containment were n't talking . 
 they were too afraid of the alpha . 
 they feared him more than they feared death by silver . 
 duncan exhaled slowly and glanced down at his hands . 
 the claws were gone , for the moment . 
 he hated that they seemed to spring out on their own . 
 as soon as he got angry-bam , there they were . 
 pate said , `` our intel indicates that he moved into town about eight months ago . '' 
 `` then the murders kicked up , '' duncan muttered . 
 the wolves had begun to kill , not caring if they drew attention from the humans . 
 `` we know the guy is in his mid-thirties . 
 he blew into town , seemingly with no past , and the guy likes to stay hidden . '' 
 when you had a pack eager to obey you , it was easy enough to hide behind them . 
 pate 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` i think it 's past time we find the bastard 's hiding place . 
 we 've got the perfect bait back in that containment area . 
 bait that can lead you right to the alpha . 
 we can take him out , and , without him to follow , the wolves in this city will splinter . '' 
 duncan rocked forward onto the balls of his feet . 
 `` bait ? '' 
 `` saul . '' 
 pate shook his head . 
 `` i do n't want to let him go - '' `` you said you would n't - '' `` but if we track the guy , keep him monitored twenty-four , seven , we can follow him back to the alpha . '' 
 duncan 's heart started to pound faster . 
 `` and what will you do if he gets away from your monitoring , huh ? 
 he 's a werewolf , it 's not exactly easy to track his kind . '' 
 `` it is if another werewolf is doing the hunting . '' 
 they stared at each other . 
 `` you want me to follow saul . '' 
 pate nodded . 
 `` not only that , i want you to be the one to get him out of his cage . '' 
 what the hell ? 
 `` did you hit your head in the attack ? 
 take a shot ? 
 something ? '' 
 because this plan was shit . 
 pate 's smile was cold . 
 `` in that containment room , i made myself his enemy . '' 
 `` i was the one choking the bastard . '' 
 because of the way saul had looked at holly . 
 as if the werewolf could already taste her . 
 no one else gets near her . 
 the wolf inside was still pissed . 
 or maybe the man was . 
 right then , it was hard to tell the difference between them . 
 `` i told saul that i would n't make a deal with him . '' 
 pate walked around behind his desk and sat in the leather chair . 
 he flattened his hands on the desk 's scarred surface . 
 `` and i wo n't make a deal , but you will . 
 one wolf to another . '' 
 he did n't like where this was going . 
 `` you 're just gon na let me open his cage ? '' 
 `` um ... '' a small nod . 
 `` and you need to do it now , while the other agents are all distracted by the recent attack . 
 it will look more real that way . 
 it has to look real to saul . 
 the guy needs to believe that you 're working with him . 
 if he believes you , if he trusts you ... then the guy might even wind up siding with you and helping you to take out the alpha . '' 
 there seemed to be a whole lot of ifs involved in the equation , but they did n't exactly seem to have a whole lot of options . 
 either they could wait for the alpha to attack again or duncan could launch his own attack first . 
 `` get his trust , '' pate said . 
 `` use him . 
 take out the alpha . '' 
 easier said than done . 
 `` do n't worry about human casualties . 
 the collar that saul wears will transmit his location to us every minute . 
 he wo n't get free . '' 
 pate was way too confident . 
 `` it 's not the getting free part that worries me . 
 it 's the whole slicing the throats of humans part . '' 
 like saul had already done , six times before . 
 he 'd gone after the homeless deliberately because the guy had a taste for the helpless and weak . 
 `` your job is to make sure he does n't hurt anyone , agent mcguire . 
 consider yourself the guy 's federal guard , if that makes you feel better . '' 
 was the guy crazy ? 
 `` i 'm the one we need to watch ! 
 i need a guard ! '' 
 he lifted his hands . 
 with his increased heart beat and the tension that was eating away at him , sure enough , the claws were pushing out again . 
 `` screw saul . 
 he 's got years of control - '' `` no , he obviously does n't , or he would n't be killing . '' 
 `` i could be the one to go bad . 
 i could start killing . '' 
 `` and that 's why you 're wearing a collar , too . '' 
 he barely felt the weight of the silver around his neck . 
 probably because holly had set it for the lightest possible intensity level . 
 she had n't wanted to hurt him . 
 and he ... i want her . 
 duncan cleared his throat . 
 he had to stay away from her . 
 when he was near holly , he just thought about f ** king . 
 or killing anyone who wanted to hurt her . 
 the beast was way too unstable when she was near . 
 pate held up the remote he 'd taken from holly . 
 `` there are several master remotes at this facility . 
 and the silver ca n't just be amped up ... the setting can be switched to kill mode . '' 
 so duncan had always suspected . 
 `` you go rogue , you start attacking humans , do n't worry , i 'll take you out myself . '' 
 good to know . 
 `` now time is running out . '' 
 the lines near pate 's eyes deepened . 
 `` if you 're not in for this plan , then - '' `` you think i 'm stable enough to handle this ? '' 
 a question that had to be asked . 
 `` another shift could come . 
 i ca n't - i ca n't stop the shift . '' 
 he 'd been so angry before when he 'd been in his cell and he 'd heard holly 's screams . 
 enraged and afraid for holly . 
 the shift had swept over him , and there 'd been nothing he could do to stop it . 
 but then , he had n't been sure that he wanted to stop it then . 
 he 'd wanted to attack whoever-whatever-had been hurting her . 
 `` we wanted you to stay the night at the facility so that holly could do her tests . '' 
 one brow rose even as pate 's gaze dropped to his neck . 
 `` so you 'd be collared . '' 
 and you 'd have your automatic kill switch ? 
 `` but you are n't a prisoner here . 
 you 're a federal agent . 
 a man who has always done his job and protected the innocent . 
 you can walk out of this building anytime you want . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` though i 'd prefer for you to leave in the next five minutes ... with saul . '' 
 taking that guy anywhere was going to be a risk . 
 `` i want a master remote . '' 
 pate immediately tossed it to him . 
 `` done . 
 saul 's code is 7943 . '' 
 `` and my code ? '' 
 pate smiled . 
 right . 
 `` i know it . 
 holly knows it . 
 so i 'd say we 're covered on that end , '' pate told him . 
 no , pate was covered . 
 `` are you going to tell the others what i 'm doing ? '' 
 duncan asked . 
 he 'd rather prefer not to get shot down by his own team members . 
 pate nodded . 
 `` after you 're gone , they 'll all know . '' 
 `` not before ? '' 
 `` we need to make it look real , '' a soft murmur . 
 so it looked like he was going to do this . 
 all right . 
 fine . 
 he motioned toward himself . 
 `` i think i 'll need more clothes . '' 
 `` back up gear and clothing are waiting outside . 
 go in the hall , then take the fourth door on your right . '' 
 duncan turned away . 
 `` ah ... just one more thing , mcguire . '' 
 was n't there always one more thing with that guy ? 
 `` i 've noticed that you seem to be reacting a bit ... intently to holly . '' 
 understatement of the century . 
 `` you 're too dangerous to be around a woman right now in any sort of sexual capacity . '' 
 pate 's voice had hardened . 
 `` so i 'm giving you an order . 
 stay away from her . '' 
 the wolf growled . 
 the sound hung in the air . 
 `` i 'm still your director here . '' 
 pate 's chair squeaked and duncan knew the guy had shot to his feet . 
 `` you will listen to what i say and - '' duncan glanced back over his shoulder . 
 pate 's eyes widened as he gazed at duncan 's face . 
 what does he see there ? 
 `` staying away from her may not be an option . '' 
 not when the moon rose . 
 he was very much afraid that when the moon rose , the wolf would go straight to her . 
 `` you work on keeping her away from me . 
 send her away from this place . 
 get her out of the town . 
 do whatever you need to do . '' 
 `` why ? 
 why her ? '' 
 `` because the beast knows i want her . '' 
 i can still taste her . 
 `` and he wants her too . '' 
 then duncan yanked open the door and hurried down the hallway . 
 he had a serial killing werewolf waiting for him . 
 one that needed to get broken out of his cell . 
 *** the guards outside were dead . 
 so much blood . 
 everywhere . 
 the attack from the werewolves had been brutal . 
 the scent of that blood ... it was so strong . 
 feeling light-headed , holly stumbled back inside . 
 her shaking body told her that she 'd gone too long without her dose . 
 she knew how dangerous her condition was , and she should have been paying more attention to the passage of time . 
 but the little matter of the attacking werewolves had distracted her . 
 she hurried into the med unit , then made her way into the section she 'd designated for her lab . 
 she just needed one dose to get her through the next twelve hours , and - `` she smells so sweet . '' 
 the rasping voice froze holly in her tracks . 
 it was a familiar voice . 
 saul 's voice . 
 `` why does she smell that way ? '' 
 saul asked . 
 then a hand was curving over her shoulder . 
 a hand with long , thick claws . 
 saul 's hand . 
 holly opened her mouth to scream . 
 but the cry never left her lips . 
 because suddenly duncan was there , and he put his hand over her mouth , choking back the cry . 
 duncan ? 
 no , no , he would n't hurt her . 
 he 'd helped her before . 
 `` you should n't be in here now , '' duncan whispered . 
 his lips brushed over her cheek and a shiver shuddered through her body . 
 `` you were supposed to be outside . 
 helping the guards . '' 
 there were no guards to help . 
 but she would have still been out there , securing the bodies , if she had n't gone too long without her dose . 
 she 'd been afraid to go any longer without it . 
 her hand slid into the pocket of her lab coat . 
 `` she 's going for the remote ! '' 
 saul 's fierce warning as his hand jerked from her shoulder and grabbed hold of her wrist . 
 his grip was brutal as he twisted her hand , and the bones snapped . 
 she was staring straight into duncan 's eyes when her wrist broke . 
 his stare was blue , with streaks of gold , but as she cried out in pain , the gold seemed to explode in his gaze . 
 he released her instantly , and he grabbed saul-then threw the man across the room . 
 saul crashed onto the operating table . 
 `` you do n't hurt her ! '' 
 holly stumbled back . 
 her wrist throbbed and ... the bones were facing the wrong way . 
 she grabbed her wrist with her left hand , and yanked the bones back into place . 
 a tight , high moan escaped her as the pain shot through her again . 
 `` holly ... '' duncan growled her name . 
 fumbling , her left hand managed to grab the remote . 
 `` stop her ! '' 
 saul yelled as he leapt back to his feet . 
 `` stop her or every agent left in this building will come after us ! '' 
 duncan caught her left wrist in his hand . 
 his grip was gentle but strong . 
 `` i ca n't let you stop us . '' 
 `` us ? '' 
 holly whispered and shook her head . 
 `` there is no ` us ' , duncan . 
 there 's you . 
 and then there 's a killer . '' 
 nausea rolled in her stomach . 
 the dose . 
 she needed it so badly . 
 the pain she felt just made her all the more desperate to have it . 
 saul ran toward them . 
 before he could reach for holly , duncan swung out at him . 
 this time , saul slammed back and crashed into a cabinet . 
 bottles fell . 
 shattered . 
 bags of blood hit the floor , and saul 's claws cut right through them as he scrambled back to his feet . 
 holly tried to lurch forward . 
 duncan snatched the remote from her . 
 he shattered it in his hands . 
 then he pulled her against him . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he barely breathed the words into her ear . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 he did n't understand what was happening . 
 his wolf must be trying to take over , just as he 'd feared and - `` you ca n't stop us . '' 
 he lifted her up . 
 carried her to the table on the right . 
 she struggled against him , fighting with all of her strength , but she was no match for him . 
 not then . 
 not with the sun up and her body desperate for a dosage . 
 and certainly not with his new enhanced strength pulsing through his body . 
 he strapped her down . 
 her legs first . 
 then her stomach . 
 her chest . 
 her left arm . 
 her right-her right hand he lifted to his mouth , and he pressed a kiss to her wrist . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said again . 
 then he ... left her there . 
 strapped to the table . 
 just . 
 left . 
 her . 
 she opened her mouth to scream . 
 what the hell had she been thinking ? 
 she should have been screaming the whole time ! 
 she 'd just been stunned . 
 shocked . 
 betrayed . 
 now her scream ripped from her , only to be quieted into a muffled groan when duncan tied a twisted cloth around her head-and put part of that cloth in her mouth . 
 `` oh , damn , but she looks good that way . '' 
 saul was coming back toward her . 
 holly tensed . 
 she could see his claws . 
 `` let 's just slice her , a little bit ... '' duncan grabbed saul 's hand , keeping those claws away from holly . 
 `` we 're getting out of here . '' 
 his shoulders lifted . 
 fell . 
 `` i want to run . '' 
 saul smiled . 
 `` the beast . 
 it wants out . '' 
 he nodded quickly . 
 `` you were right to get me . 
 i can help you . 
 we can stick together . 
 fuckin ' destroy anyone who comes after us . '' 
 his gaze lingered on holly . 
 `` anyone . '' 
 duncan was n't looking at her . 
 he was just whirling away and running toward the room on the right . 
 toward the secret entrance and exit to the facility that only she and the other agents knew about . 
 the guards on staff did n't even know about that room-agents only . 
 so much for security . 
 that exit would take duncan and saul past all of the security . 
 past the guards who were now being extra vigilant . 
 it would take them to freedom . 
 she shook her head . 
 but duncan did n't see the move . 
 he did n't see anything she did . 
 because he left her there . 
 tied . 
 gagged . 
 with her wrist broken and her whole body aching . 
 she had n't gotten her dose . 
 she 'd needed it but ... but it was gone . 
 destroyed by saul . 
 smeared on the floor . 
 a tear leaked down her cheek . 
 duncan was gone . 
 and there was no way to stop him . 
 his beast was coming out . 
 she pitied anyone who was in his path when duncan 's shift was complete . 
 chapter four the sonofabitch had broken holly 's wrist . 
 just snapped her delicate bones . 
 her face had bleached of color . 
 her pupils had dilated as her eyes showed the flash of agony she felt . 
 and duncan had almost taken saul 's head . 
 `` you did it ! '' 
 saul slapped duncan on the shoulder . 
 `` man , i thought it was a trick , but you got us the f ** k out of there . '' 
 they were away from the facility . 
 in the middle of nowhere . 
 pate had set up the containment compound far away from the busy city streets . 
 here , the wilderness stretched , and wild animals waited . 
 he should fit in perfectly with this animal . 
 i still want to take his head . 
 `` i did my part , '' duncan said , fighting to keep his words steady . 
 `` i got us out of there . 
 now you-you take me to the alpha . '' 
 `` so you can die ? '' 
 saul rocked back on his heels . 
 `` i 've never seen anyone with a death wish like yours . '' 
 `` so i can kill him . '' 
 duncan lifted his claws . 
 `` i 'm alpha , and i 'm staying alpha . '' 
 was that the right thing to say ? 
 he hoped it was . 
 he needed saul to get his ass in gear and lead him to the alpha . 
 but saul was laughing . 
 `` you just changed ! 
 there 's no way that you 're a match for him yet . 
 you try to fight him , the guy will rip you in two . '' 
 saul shoved away from him . 
 `` thanks for the free pass out , but this is where we part ways . '' 
 `` the hell it is ! '' 
 he heaved out a hard breath and grabbed saul 's arm . 
 `` do you want to be the wolf that the seattle pack goes after ? '' 
 `` i will be if i take you to - '' '' 'cause when i kick the alpha 's ass and take over , i 'll have every single one of those dogs looking for you . 
 you 'll be at the top of my list . '' 
 saul 's gaze slid away from his . 
 `` you wo n't take him out . 
 no one has ever been able to defeat him . '' 
 `` he has n't faced me before . '' 
 saul hesitated . 
 `` you ... you think you can - '' duncan 's nostrils flared . 
 a new scent had just come into the area . 
 sex and honey . 
 no . 
 saul 's eyes widened , and duncan knew he 'd caught the scent , too . 
 then a twig snapped behind them . 
 saul 's lips peeled away from his teeth , and he started to launch toward holly . 
 duncan jerked the guy back even as he whirled to face holly . 
 `` get back ! 
 `` he did n't know how she 'd gotten out of those straps so quickly , but she 'd just walked into hell . 
 instead of running away , holly lifted her left hand . 
 in that hand she had-sonofabitch-another remote . 
 staring into his eyes , she aimed the remote at him . 
 duncan went down to his knees as pain shot from his neck all the way through his body . 
 footsteps thundered as saul raced away . 
 holly lunged forward , obviously planning to stop saul , too . 
 duncan leapt for her . 
 his body hit hers-i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry , holly-and she cried out at the impact . 
 they slammed into the earth , and the remote fell from her fingers . 
 he caught her hands , pinned them above her head , but tried to be as gentle as he could with her broken wrist . 
 she was going to scream . 
 he could see the intention right there on her face . 
 he kissed her , muffling the sound . 
 she bit him and drew blood from his bottom lip . 
 he pressed his mouth harder against hers , growling , and she suddenly stiffened . 
 had he hurt her ? 
 he wanted to lift his head , but was afraid she 'd scream if he did . 
 then he did n't have to worry about lifting his head because he was flying through the air . 
 she 'd just tossed him against a tree . 
 sent him flying a good five freaking feet . 
 how in the hell had the little doc done that ? 
 instantly , he leapt to his feet . 
 holly was also on her feet , and she stared at him with wide , horrified eyes . 
 saul 's footsteps were a quiet thud in the distance . 
 the werewolf could sure move fast when he wanted to haul ass . 
 he was running now , heading for safety . 
 a safety that duncan suspected would take him to seattle 's ruling alpha . 
 holly had her hand over her mouth . 
 `` your blood ... '' he stiffened . 
 `` do n't worry , you wo n't change . 
 i 'd have to be the one to bite you for that to happen . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 her eyes were so dark right then . 
 deep and dark , and he could stare into them forever . 
 saul 's footsteps were even softer now . 
 duncan shook his head . 
 `` do n't follow me again . '' 
 he had saul 's scent . 
 time to track the bastard back to the alpha 's hiding spot . 
 `` no , duncan ! 
 stop ! '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` get away from me . '' 
 you 're safe when you 're away from me . 
 `` i can help you ! '' 
 holly 's lips were red . 
 her teeth ... sharp ? 
 `` let me help you . '' 
 `` help yourself . 
 go back to pate . 
 do n't come near me again . '' 
 he inhaled a deep breath . 
 caught more of her scent . 
 his whole body tightened . 
 `` because if i see you again , you wo n't walk away from me . '' 
 he did n't know how to make that any plainer . 
 this was her last chance to be free . 
 *** `` holly ! '' 
 she flinched when pate grabbed her hand . 
 she 'd heard him coming . 
 no missing the frantic pounding of his footsteps , but she had n't moved at his approach . 
 she could taste duncan . 
 `` stay away from me . '' 
 her voice came out far too flat . 
 funny , she was giving pate pretty much the same warning that duncan had given to her . 
 no , it was n't funny . 
 more like tragic . 
 her hands clenched into fists . 
 he instantly dropped his hold . 
 `` look , it 's not what you think , okay ? '' 
 his voice was a whisper . 
 `` i can explain , but not out here . 
 come back inside with me . '' 
 she could n't look away from the trees . 
 duncan had run through those trees just a few moments before . 
 `` i missed my dose . '' 
 pate swore . 
 `` i saw the mess in your lab . 
 there 's a backup dose , do n't worry . 
 you 'll be - '' `` duncan kissed me . 
 i-i bit his lip . '' 
 and she 'd tasted his blood . 
 just one drop . 
 one drop should n't matter . 
 it did . 
 pate began to back away from her . 
 `` how much time do i have ? '' 
 she was barely holding onto her control . 
 `` not long enough . '' 
 her voice was soft now . 
 he started to run then . 
 not after duncan or saul . 
 but he was running away ... from her . 
 because her own monster was about to come out . 
 she could feel her teeth burning and stretching in her mouth . 
 if she 'd just gotten the dose , everything would have been fine . 
 but she 'd had that one drop of blood . 
 fresh blood . 
 from a live source . 
 one . 
 single . 
 drop . 
 it was the first taste that was supposed to be the most tempting . 
 she 'd been warned of this . 
 at the first taste of blood from a live source , the bloodlust would overwhelm her . 
 she 'd attack anyone near . 
 at the first taste ... she 'd tried to be so careful . 
 getting her doses . 
 only taking blood from bags . 
 not directly from a person , never that ... because you could taste the emotions when you drank the blood from a live source . 
 that taste was addictive . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' holly whispered to pate . 
 he 'd tried to help her . 
 he 'd been the one to give her access to the bags , but she 'd slipped up . 
 one drop . 
 her control splintered . 
 she spun around and sprang at pate . 
 he had n't been able to make it to safety . 
 he was too far from the facility . 
 and he could n't run nearly fast enough to get away from her . 
 she bared her fangs at him . 
 the frantic pounding of his heartbeat filled her ears . 
 the drumming sound pulled her closer . 
 closer . 
 she leapt for him . 
 in the next second , she had her arms wrapped around him . 
 she pushed up onto her toes and put her mouth on his throat . 
 `` i 'm sorry , holly , '' he told her quietly . 
 `` i should have taken better care of you . '' 
 there was a gun right at her heart . 
 she could feel the press of the cold metal through her shirt . 
 she should have known that pate would be armed . 
 he always was . 
 he pulled the trigger . 
 *** `` holly . '' 
 she shook her head , content to stay in the darkness that surrounded her . 
 `` holly , i know it hurts , but just hold on . 
 the dose is almost finished . '' 
 pate . 
 he sounded worried . 
 he should be worried . 
 he 'd shot her . 
 after she 'd tried to kill him . 
 `` that 's it . 
 you should have everything that you need . '' 
 she felt a light tug on her arm , near her elbow . 
 then his fingers brushed back her hair . 
 `` i 'm gon na dig the bullet out , and when i do , you 'll be able to move again . '' 
 the bullet . 
 ah , yes , that would be why her chest hurt like a bitch . 
 and why she could n't move so much as a single part of her body . 
 there was a surge of pressure on her chest and then ... the darkness vanished as her eyes opened . 
 she sucked in a deep , shuddering breath . 
 pate 's arms tightened around her . 
 `` you just scared the shit out of me . '' 
 my lab . 
 he 'd carried her back inside . 
 she was on the floor . 
 half-cradled in his arms . 
 the shame of what she 'd done burned through her . 
 `` i went ... for your throat . '' 
 he held her tighter . 
 `` you were n't yourself . 
 you 'd just gotten werewolf blood . 
 you know the effect that it has on your kind . '' 
 she did . 
 werewolf blood was reportedly like a drug to her kind-giving them a burst of pleasure , of euphoria , that was rumored to be better than sex . 
 `` the first time you get blood from a live source , and that source had to be a werewolf . '' 
 he sounded disgusted now . 
 `` hell , there was no way at all you were maintaining control after that . '' 
 she had control now , though . 
 her gaze dropped to the floor beside her . 
 pate had given her a transfusion-a whole lot of blood . 
 well , that would explain the whole having-control bit . 
 `` what you saw in the woods ... it was n't what you thought . 
 i gave duncan orders . 
 he 's going to keep saul on a leash and use him so that we can find the alpha . '' 
 so duncan had n't been betraying the unit . 
 her lashes swept down even as relief rose within her . 
 `` when i brought duncan back here to you , i never thought you 'd get his blood . 
 oh , sis , i swear , i never did . '' 
 she heard the remorse in his voice , and holly wanted to believe him . 
 but she could n't . 
 not entirely . 
 because she knew him better than anyone else . 
 he could be so manipulative . 
 if he thought he was helping in the battle against the monsters out there , would he risk her life ? 
 he 'd risk everything . 
 she pulled away from him . 
 the wooden bullet-covered with her blood-was in his hand . 
 `` did anyone see ? '' 
 holly whispered . 
 what she was-it was their secret . 
 one they 'd protected the entire time she 'd been working in the unit . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i carried you inside . 
 no one saw anything . '' 
 good . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 she 'd slipped up . 
 made the mistake that she 'd always feared . 
 pate had been so confident that no one would ever learn about her . 
 that she 'd be safe , as long as she had access to the doses she needed . 
 and in her own lab , a place guarded by a dozen agents , he 'd promised that she 'd have the security she wanted . 
 only she was n't safe anymore . 
 neither was he . 
 i had duncan 's blood . 
 `` nothing happens . 
 we continue just as before . '' 
 her jaw dropped . 
 `` you ca n't be serious ! 
 i almost killed you . '' 
 his fingers closed over the bullet . 
 `` and i did kill you . '' 
 only she had n't stayed dead . 
 she could n't . 
 that was the way with her kind . 
 as long as a wooden bullet was in her heart , her body would mimic death . 
 once the bullet was out ... she came back to life , so to speak . 
 the real truth was that she 'd died a year ago . 
 `` go home . 
 sleep . 
 wash away the blood . '' 
 his words were clipped , and they were also no longer given in the softer tone of a brother , but rather in the more demanding snap of a boss . 
 `` then you come back here tonight , and you carry on the same as before . '' 
 she rose to her feet . 
 she was already stronger . 
 thanks to the dose . 
 the dose ... call it what it is ... the blood . 
 though often , the blood was combined with a special drug mix that was supposed to keep her urges in check . 
 `` we ca n't keep on like this . '' 
 she was fighting her instincts . 
 trying to be something that she was n't . 
 human . 
 `` we 'll keep on until you find a cure . '' 
 there was no cure . 
 he did n't get that . 
 it was n't that she was sick . 
 she was n't human anymore . 
 `` go home , '' pate ordered again as a muscle jerked in his jaw . 
 `` everything will be better soon . '' 
 pate . 
 so wrong . 
 so lost . 
 he blamed himself for what she 'd become . 
 sometimes , late at night , she blamed him , too . 
 that was her shame . 
 `` if you ca n't come up with a cure , then i 'll get another doctor in . 
 you know i can pull any damn strings i want , and i heard that forbes was in the area . '' 
 jonathan forbes . 
 the name had her tensing . 
 he was good with dna . 
 he was also a prick . 
 and her ex-fiance . 
 they 'd split when she 'd suddenly developed an appetite for blood . 
 `` jonathan is more interested in slicing and dicing paranormals than he is in helping them . '' 
 that had been one of the main reasons she ran from him . 
 she had n't wanted to wind up as one of his experiments . 
 silence . 
 then , `` but he can do the job . 
 there are n't a whole lot of doctors in the know when it comes to the paranormals . '' 
 no , there were n't . 
 pate continued , `` i 'll make sure that he monitors duncan . '' 
 while she-what ? 
 hid in the shadows ? 
 `` i 'm not telling you this as your brother . 
 i 'm giving you an order as the senior agent for this unit . 
 you 're to stay away from duncan mcguire from now on . '' 
 easier said than done . 
 she could still taste him , and she was ... craving him . 
 `` you sent him out there , all alone , to fight the seattle alpha ? '' 
 `` he is an alpha . '' 
 `` what if he gets killed ? '' 
 did n't pate get it ? 
 duncan did n't want to be a werewolf . 
 maybe facing off against the other alpha was his way of making sure his death wish was granted . 
 i wo n't let that happen . 
 `` we 're tracking duncan through the chip in his collar . 
 if necessary , we can send backup to him . '' 
 pate shook his head . 
 narrowed his eyes on her . 
 `` go home , holly . 
 just ... go.when you 're back in control , then you can come back to the lab later . '' 
 in control . 
 right . 
 because she always had to stay in control . 
 always had to be so careful . 
 maybe she was tired of being careful . 
 she stared at her brother . 
 saw all the secrets he carried in his eyes . 
 he 'd told her the unit was necessary . 
 for the protection of the humans . 
 only she was n't human anymore . 
 neither was duncan . 
 and pate was still using them both . 
 `` screw control , '' she told him as she turned and walked away . 
 it was n't about control . 
 it was about helping a man who 'd just lost everything . 
 pate might be willing to sit back and watch the brutal battle unfold before him , but she was n't going to do that . 
 one drop of duncan 's blood . 
 just one . 
 that was all she 'd gotten . 
 it was all she needed . 
 she could feel duncan now . 
 could sense him . 
 and could track him . 
 she did n't need the collar to give her his location . 
 now , with his blood , she 'd be able to find him anywhere , anytime . 
 if he was facing off against the wolves , she 'd make sure he had backup . 
 the supernatural kind . 
 *** pate did n't move so much as a muscle as his step-sister walked away . 
 holly was so small and deceptively delicate . 
 the perfect killing machine . 
 he had n't wanted this life for her , but ... but there was no going back . 
 his nightmares would n't stop . 
 he could still see her attack , over and over again in his head like a broken movie reel that would n't stop playing . 
 but now ... holly was finally becoming stronger . 
 not the broken doll , the one who hid in the lab because she did n't want to face the world outside . 
 she 'd tasted duncan 's blood . 
 gone for my throat . 
 her killer instincts were showing . 
 the doors swung closed behind her . 
 and pate finally let his smile sweep over his face . 
 *** holly went to her home first , mostly because she had a bullet hole in her shirt and the fabric was covered with blood . 
 she jumped into the shower and let the water slide over her skin . 
 she 'd get clean , then she 'd find duncan . 
 he would n't die before she washed the blood away . 
 at least , she hoped he did n't and - her alarm was beeping . 
 a high-pitched whine that she still barely heard over the roar of her shower . 
 frowning , she hurriedly turned off the water until only a drip-drip-drip remained . 
 the whine was clear now . 
 clear and plenty loud . 
 her gaze tracked to the left . 
 she could n't see anything through the steamed-up glass door of her shower . 
 but that alarm had been set off by something . 
 someone . 
 she heard a creak then . 
 very soft . 
 too close . 
 the creak had come from her bedroom . 
 fingers trembling , she pushed open the shower door and grabbed for her towel . 
 `` hello , sweets . '' 
 a drawling , dark voice . 
 her head snapped up . 
 saul stood in the doorway of her bathroom . 
 he inhaled deeply . 
 `` followed that sweet smell all over town ... '' he took a step closer . 
 his gaze drifted over her . 
 `` and straight back home to you . '' 
 oh , hell . 
 she 'd been so worried about tracking duncan that she had n't even thought about saul coming after her . 
 he snapped his teeth together . 
 `` that smell tempted me for weeks . 
 fuckin ' weeks.didn ' t even realize you were the one sending out that sweet scent , not until you came into containment . 
 and now i 've just got to take a bite . '' 
 the collar was around his neck . 
 but the remote , hell , the backup remote she 'd swiped on her way out of the lab was in her bedroom . 
 in the nightstand drawer . 
 completely and totally useless to her at that moment . 
 her hands were clutching the towel over her body . 
 but it was weak protection . 
 what she needed was a serious weapon . 
 saul licked his lips . 
 `` maybe i 'll f ** k you and rip your throat out , all at the same time ... '' oh , yes , pate had made a real brilliant move in letting this psycho out of his cage . 
 brilliant . 
 she swallowed-four times-and managed to choke down her fear enough to say , `` that alarm-it will go feed back to the agency . 
 p-pate wired it . 
 agents will be here - '' he laughed . 
 `` i 'm not as dumb as you think . '' 
 he was totally blocking the doorway . 
 and his claws were out . 
 `` i cut the wires leading away from this apartment . 
 the alarm might be screaming in here ... '' it was . 
 just like she was screaming in her mind . 
 `` but no signal is getting out . '' 
 he smiled at her , flashing his fangs . 
 `` no one 's coming to save you . 
 it 's just you and me , sweets . 
 you ... '' he leapt toward her and yanked the towel away . 
 his claws sliced down her arm . 
 `` and me . '' 
 she did n't cry out at the pain . 
 he wanted her to scream and beg . 
 she could see it in his eyes . 
 `` you do n't want to ... do this . '' 
 he brought his mouth close to her neck . 
 `` i want nothing more . 
 your scent was in the air , did you know that ? 
 in the f ** kin ' ventilation . 
 i smelled you all those days . '' 
 his teeth raked over her skin . 
 she shuddered . 
 stay strong . 
 focus . 
 `` why do you smell so good ? '' 
 he had n't changed into a wolf . 
 that meant she had the advantage . 
 his mistake . 
 `` you want to know why ? '' 
 her fingers lifted and pressed lightly against his shoulders . 
 `` because i 'm not human . '' 
 because she had a brew of drugs in her body that had tried to make her some weird mix of human and vampire . 
 the drugs had the side effect of sending out that sweet smell . 
 vampires always smelled good , that was just one of the ways that they lured in their prey . 
 but her scent had been amplified by the drugs . 
 a bad side effect that she 'd try to fix . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 saul demanded . 
 instead of answering , she shoved him back , as hard as she could . 
 he flew through the air , rammed through the doorway , and sent chunks of wood shooting up around him . 
 she ran out after him . 
 she was n't sure how her strength would stack up against him , but she 'd get the collar 's remote and totally disable him - he was already back on his feet . 
 and between her and the nightstand . 
 then he started to laugh . 
 `` are n't you ... full of surprises ? '' 
 her breath was panting out . 
 her heart racing too fast . 
 and she was naked . 
 dammit , naked , in front of that psycho . 
 her gaze darted to the nightstand . 
 `` ah ... looking for this , are you ? '' 
 he lifted the remote from his pocket . 
 no . 
 `` why do n't you come and get it ? '' 
 fine . 
 she would . 
 time to see who was stronger ... the beast or , well , me . 
 holly pushed back her shoulders . 
 lifted her chin . 
 then bared her own fangs . 
 saul 's eyes widened . 
 `` you should have stayed away , '' she told him . 
 he smiled at her . 
 and crushed the remote in his hand . 
 oh , hell . 
 holly swallowed , choking back her fear , then she attacked . 
 holly raced across the room . 
 this was n't about testing herself . 
 this was survival . 
 kill or be killed . 
 his claws sliced across her stomach . 
 more blood flowed from her . 
 no more . 
 she grabbed his hands . 
 held them tight . 
 then her mouth went for his throat . 
 bite . 
 bite . 
 bite . 
 the temptation that was always in her mind . 
 only this time , she was n't resisting temptation . 
 `` you f ** kin ' bitch , i 'll slice you open , screw you while you bleed - '' it was his turn to bleed . 
 her teeth sank into his throat . 
 his blood trickled over her tongue . 
 he howled then . 
 a loud , inhuman sound . 
 he tried to shove her off him . 
 they wound up both falling to the floor . 
 she held on tight , not about to let him go . 
 she could n't let him go . 
 his blood was in her mouth . 
 werewolf blood . 
 powerful . 
 heady . 
 the rumors she 'd heard were true . 
 she could already feel his blood making her even stronger . 
 he rolled , twisted , and came down on top of her . 
 she kicked out at him , even as she kept her teeth in his throat . 
 he yanked his hands free from her grip . 
 `` should have known ... should have known ... '' his hands closed around her head , and he shoved her skull back against the floor . 
 `` i know what you are . '' 
 good for him . 
 she knew what he was , too . 
 he lifted one hand . 
 his claws glinted . 
 `` i know what you are ... so that means i know how to kill you . '' 
 hell . 
 and , right then , her alarm stopped its wild shriek . 
 he smiled . 
 `` ready to die ? '' 
 again ? 
 `` no . '' 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 chapter five he followed saul 's scent-sweat , animal , fear-back to a small building on the outskirts of the city . 
 from the outside , the place looked like an old fire station . 
 one that someone had converted into a house ? 
 he inhaled deeply . 
 saul had sent him on wild hunt . 
 racing in and out of buildings , in alleys , through a tangled maze that had led through the city ... and back here . 
 his nostrils flared as he pulled in the scents around him . 
 the musky scent of saul and - honey . 
 fuck , no . 
 he ran for the building , his heart pounding frantically in his chest and his claws bursting from his fingertips . 
 he lifted his foot to kick in the door , but saw that someone had already beaten him to that chore-the door 's lock was broken . 
 shattered . 
 he shoved the door open and rushed inside . 
 the bottom floor was empty , but he could hear sounds coming from upstairs . 
 he flew up those stairs , four at a time . 
 turned to the left - and saw saul , on the floor , on top of a naked holly . 
 she was bleeding . 
 saul 's claws here out . 
 he was trying to swipe at her . 
 duncan roared . 
 saul 's head whipped up . 
 his eyes locked on duncan , then those eyes widened in horror . 
 before saul could leap to his feet , duncan had him . 
 his hands locked around saul 's shoulders , and he yanked the shifter away from holly . 
 then he slung the bastard against the nearest wall . 
 the whole building seemed to shudder at that impact . 
 `` duncan ! '' 
 holly 's voice was shocked , scared , and angry as she called his name . 
 he turned back toward her . 
 pale flesh . 
 wide eyes . 
 she was trying to cover her br ** sts with one arm and cover the juncture of her thighs with the other even as she bled from the gashes in her side and on her arm . 
 he reached for her . 
 and felt claws drive into his back . 
 `` no ! '' 
 horror was the only thing he saw in holly 's eyes then . 
 the hands that had been reaching for her balled into fists . 
 `` run . '' 
 he could barely manage to get the word out . 
 she shook her head , sending her wet hair flying over her shoulders . 
 `` run ! '' 
 he spun back around and grabbed saul 's hand . 
 with one twist , he broke the bastard 's wrist . 
 payback , you sob . 
 then he grabbed saul 's other hand and broke that wrist , too . 
 saul staggered back . 
 then he hit the floor . 
 fur burst along his skin as his bones snapped . 
 saul was shifting , and ... so am i . 
 the white-hot agony ripped through duncan . 
 speech was impossible . 
 he could only snarl and growl as his body reshaped . 
 his muscles tore , his tendons stretched . 
 when his hands hit the floor , they almost instantly became paws . 
 power beat through him . 
 power ... and bloodlust . 
 he attacked what is mine . 
 mine . 
 duncan went for the other wolf 's throat . 
 his paws slammed into saul 's side , and his teeth snapped at the bastard 's neck . 
 but saul 's claws drove into duncan 's side . 
 sliced deep . 
 the pain just made him angrier . 
 duncan attacked with his own claws . 
 blood matted saul 's pale coat of fur . 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 holly 's quiet voice . 
 mine . 
 he sank his teeth into saul 's neck . 
 `` duncan , we need him alive ! '' 
 no , they needed him to die . 
 because he 'd hurt holly . 
 not once - holly 's arms wrapped round duncan . 
 `` please . '' 
 his whole body vibrated , but he hesitated , barely managing to hold back from taking the other wolf 's life . 
 that hesitation was all that saul needed . 
 he staggered away from duncan and ran for the big , bedroom window . 
 the glass shattered as he jumped right through it , leaping out and falling to the street below . 
 duncan jerked away from holly and ran to the window . 
 he stared below , snarling , as he watched the white wolf streak away . 
 `` i do n't have any close neighbors , '' holly said quietly from behind him , `` so i do n't have to explain to anyone why a wolf just jumped out of my second story window . '' 
 he glanced back at her . 
 the rage still burned within him , and he wanted to follow saul but - ca n't leave her . 
 it was n't just the wolf 's instinct to protect . 
 it was the man 's , too . 
 only she would n't be seeing him as a man then . 
 just as a beast . 
 he turned toward the window once more . 
 `` do n't leave me , '' she whispered . 
 his muscles trembled . 
 did n't she understand ? 
 if he stayed - `` please . '' 
 she broke him . 
 he whirled toward her . 
 fought to pull the man back to the forefront and shed the body of the beast . 
 he wondered if the pain of the shift would become easier to bear , or if it would always feel like he was being ripped apart . 
 but the pain , it did n't last . 
 in moments , he was one the floor , body trembling , hands and knees pressing against the hard wood of her bedroom . 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 his head lifted as the floor creaked beneath her footsteps . 
 she 'd grabbed some kind of robe and wrapped around her body . 
 her blood had stained the side of the robe . 
 he still wanted to rip saul apart . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 she kept talking softly and held out her hand , as if to a wild beast . 
 oh , yeah , right . 
 that 'd be me . 
 `` are you ... in control ? '' 
 holly asked quietly . 
 he was still on the floor . 
 he should be on his feet , helping her . 
 she was wounded . 
 she needed care and attention . 
 but he did n't move because he was n't sure of himself . 
 he gave her the truth , simply saying , `` no . '' 
 rumbling . 
 deep . 
 her eyes widened . 
 he 'd told her to run before . 
 why had n't she listened to him ? 
 saul had n't been the only threat to her . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' she told him . 
 still in that whole let 's - tame-the-beast voice . 
 only she did n't seem to get that the beast was n't in the mood to be tamed . 
 then she lifted her robe , revealing the curve of her thigh , the dip of her stomach . 
 `` see ... all healed . '' 
 there were no wounds on her , nothing to blemish that smooth skin . 
 how the hell was that even possible ? 
 but ... screw the hows ... her legs were long and perfect . 
 he could see the curve of her breast . 
 she was trying to pull the robe back but - want to see . 
 in an instant , he was on his feet . 
 his hands were on her , reaching for that robe . 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 `` i told you ... run ... '' she could still get away . 
 he was as much of a monster as saul and - holly shook her head . 
 her eyes seemed to see into him . 
 `` i do n't want to run from you . '' 
 his breath was coming too hard . 
 his heart racing too fast . 
 his c ** k aching too much . 
 he stood before her , naked because his clothes had shredded with the shift , and there was no hiding his arousal . 
 she was n't pulling away . 
 was n't pushing against him . 
 she was reaching up . 
 standing on her tip toes . 
 kissing him . 
 the woman had just sealed her fate . 
 you should have run . 
 now there wo n't be any escape . 
 she tried to make the kiss soft and gentle . 
 not happening . 
 he was on fire for her . 
 needed her more than air . 
 so his hold was too rough , his hands almost shaking as he lifted her up against him and plundered her mouth . 
 his tongue thrust past her lips . 
 he tasted . 
 yes . 
 she tasted as sweet as she smelled . 
 his mouth pressed harder against hers , and he stumbled forward with her . 
 they fell onto the bed . 
 his hands pushed between them . 
 he did n't take his mouth from hers . 
 could n't . 
 he kept kissing her . 
 and he ripped her robe . 
 it tore beneath his claws . 
 claws . 
 he still had claws . 
 hell , no , he could n't hurt her . 
 he yanked his mouth from hers . 
 tried to pull away from her . 
 `` you ca n't leave me now , '' she said and pulled him back . 
 duncan shook his head . 
 his control was razor thin , and she did n't understand how dangerous he was . 
 `` i 'll ... hurt ... '' it was all he could manage . 
 he kissed her again . 
 drove his tongue past her lips . 
 no . 
 pull away . 
 get away . 
 her hands curled around his shoulders . 
 she arched against him . 
 her br ** sts were tight peaks . 
 they rubbed over his chest , and his c ** k jerked in eagerness . 
 but he could n't touch her . 
 he had claws . 
 he 'd slice open her skin . 
 ca n't . 
 her hands were sliding over his back . 
 soft , a silken touch . 
 helplessly , duncan stretched into her touch . 
 her legs were parted , with his much more powerful thighs between hers . 
 they 'd fallen this way when they tumbled onto the bed . 
 she was ... aroused . 
 he could smell the rich , heady scent . 
 he kissed a path down her neck . 
 licked her flesh . 
 his hands were flat on the bed , on either side of her . 
 he would n't touch her with his hands . 
 only his mouth . 
 she shivered beneath him . 
 `` you wo n't hurt me . '' 
 how was she so confident ? 
 he was n't . 
 he just knew that it was too late to pull back now . 
 the beast would n't let him . 
 the man was n't strong enough to leave her . 
 his mouth lingered on the curve of her shoulder . 
 he had the strongest urge to bite her there . 
 to ... mark her . 
 his teeth nipped her . 
 she moaned . 
 the thunder of his heartbeat drummed ever faster in his ear . 
 the nightmare that had become his life , the agency , saul-none of that mattered then . 
 only holly . 
 her ni ** les were a light pink . 
 he put his mouth on one tight peak . 
 kissed . 
 sucked . 
 licked . 
 `` duncan ! '' 
 he loved the way she said his name . 
 his fingers fisted on the bed covers . 
 she was positioned so perfectly beneath him . 
 all it would take was one deep thrust . 
 he could already feel the wet heat of her arousal on the head of his cock . 
 one hard thrust . 
 he licked her nipple once more and then started to kiss his way down the curve of her stomach . 
 but her hands locked around his shoulders . 
 `` i need - '' his head snapped up . 
 his eyes locked on hers . 
 whatever she needed , he 'd give her . 
 `` i need you , '' she whispered , wetting her lips . 
 `` i ca n't wait ... please , duncan ! '' 
 the roaring in his ears told him that he could n't wait either . 
 the covers were tearing beneath his claws . 
 her legs lifted . 
 curled around his hips , and her body arched toward him . 
 he drove into her , as deep as he could go . 
 she gasped . 
 he f ** king growled . 
 then there was no holding back . 
 there was only taking . 
 only pleasure . 
 she was so tight around his cock . 
 squeezing . 
 hot . 
 perfect . 
 he pulled back , thrust hard , again , over and over . 
 the pleasure built , his spine tightened , his c ** k swelled even more . 
 he bent to kiss her . 
 tasting her even as he took her . 
 and it was incredible . 
 she was incredible . 
 her sex squeezed even tighter around him . 
 holly pulled her head away from him , her breath heaving . 
 then she was kissing his neck . 
 he felt the light rasp of her tongue on his skin . 
 she shuddered beneath him . 
 her body seemed to stiffen , and he knew her climax was close . 
 so was his . 
 he knew - her teeth sank into his neck . 
 the bite shot a bolt of pure pleasure rocketing through him . 
 he came , exploding within her on a release that was more powerful than anything he 'd ever experienced . 
 his hips pistoned against her . 
 he drove hard , plunging deep within her , as the pleasure hallowed him out . 
 and she was with him . 
 he felt the ripples of her release . 
 the contractions of her sex , and those small movements just increased his pleasure . 
 he could barely breathe , and he did n't care . 
 the sex was that good . 
 then she was licking his neck . 
 her fingers were falling away from his shoulders . 
 the thunder of his heartbeat finally slowed down , and duncan forced his head to lift . 
 her cheeks were flushed . 
 her eyes wide , but not sated-scared . 
 duncan frowned . 
 what the hell ? 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' holly whispered and a tear leaked down her cheek . 
 he bent and licked that tear away . 
 `` ca n't be sorry ... '' his words rasped out , `` for sex that good . '' 
 her lips parted . 
 his gaze dropped to her mouth , and he saw that her lips were red . 
 wet . 
 not from his kiss because that redness ... her tongue swiped out , and she licked a drop of moisture away . 
 that redness was blood . 
 unease snaked through him . 
 `` holly ? '' 
 he could see the edge of her canines , peeking out beneath her top lip . 
 her canines were longer , sharper than before . 
 she 'd bit my neck . 
 the pleasure had exploded then , and he had n't cared about anything else . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered again as she shoved him back . 
 the woman was far stronger than she should have been . 
 with the distance between them , he immediately missed the warmth of her body . 
 wanted back in her body . 
 the pleasure they 'd shared had just been the start . 
 he wanted more . 
 much more . 
 she had fangs . 
 he stood on the side of the bed . 
 the covers he 'd ripped were in his hands , dangling from his fingers . 
 she healed too quickly . 
 the slashes on holly 's side and her arm were gone , and now that he was n't thinking so much with his cock , he realized that her wrist was n't broken . 
 not even bruised . 
 she grabbed for some of the covers-the ones he had n't ripped-and wrapped them around her body . 
 her eyes looked even darker than before . 
 she 'd had blood on her lips . 
 blood she 'd licked away . 
 he probably should n't have found that move sexy . 
 he had . 
 he found everything about her sexy , even the fact that - `` you 're a vampire , '' he said . 
 she flinched , but , after a brief moment , holly nodded . 
 his heart beat-which had just slowed-slammed right into his chest . 
 what . 
 the . 
 fuck . 
 `` i guess you 're not the only monster in the room , '' she whispered . 
 he was on her in less than a second 's time . 
 he leapt back to the bed . 
 caged her with his body . 
 `` you 're not a monster . '' 
 she was beautiful . 
 sexy . 
 and a vampire ? 
 since when ? 
 did pate know ? 
 hell , he had to know . 
 `` yes . '' 
 her smile was sad . 
 `` i am . '' 
 her little fangs were still peeking out . 
 her gaze dropped to his throat . 
 his fingers rose . 
 touched the skin . 
 it felt slightly tender , but that little pain was a small price to pay for the avalanche of pleasure she 'd given him . 
 as soon as she 'd bit him , he 'd come . 
 and kept coming ... until her mouth left him . 
 `` i-i need to get dressed . '' 
 duncan shook his head . 
 the haze of lust and rage had cleared enough for him to think . 
 mostly . 
 `` you 're not going anywhere . '' 
 he finally had holly just where he wanted her . 
 naked . 
 in bed . 
 her lashes lifted . 
 her gaze locked on his . 
 narrowed . 
 `` you do n't want to push me now . '' 
 actually , that was exactly what he wanted to do . 
 except he heard the squeal of brakes outside . 
 the cavalry ? 
 finally coming to the rescue ? 
 car doors slammed . 
 footsteps thudded as people raced toward her house-and into her house . 
 `` holly ! '' 
 pate 's voice . 
 desperate . 
 afraid . 
 horror widened holly 's eyes . 
 `` no , he 'll find us ... like this ... '' so ? 
 her gaze flew around the room . 
 the agents-and it was more than one , probably three , judging by those thudding footsteps-were rushing up the stairs . 
 there was n't time to dress . 
 was n't time to do anything but jump out of the bed and spin toward that door . 
 only he 'd pretty much splintered that wooden door to hell and back when he 'd burst inside before . 
 `` stay out ! '' 
 duncan yelled . 
 but pate was already there . 
 staring at him with wide eyes , then looking over duncan 's shoulder . 
 `` holly ? '' 
 the shock in his voice had duncan 's shoulders tensing . 
 he put his body in front of holly . 
 `` i said ... stay out . '' 
 the wolf 's growl rumbled in those words . 
 but pate must have been having one real slow night . 
 because he just stood in the doorway . 
 shane was behind him , craning his fool neck to see inside . 
 `` holly , what have you done ? '' 
 pate asked her , voice wooden . 
 duncan did n't move . 
 holly did . 
 he heard the faint rustle of her movement and then her hand was on his shoulder . 
 her fingers trembled . 
 pate pushed into the room , shoving the broken door out of his way . 
 holly 's nails dug into duncan 's flesh . 
 `` take another step , '' duncan said , `` and you 'll regret it . '' 
 pate stiffened . 
 he held up his hand , indicating that shane should move back . 
 `` go downstairs . 
 wait with the others . '' 
 shane hurriedly stepped back and got out of there . 
 good . 
 shane was n't a complete dipshit . 
 `` you 're the one who 's going to regret this , '' pate said . 
 the guy had a gun out . 
 one that was aimed at duncan 's chest . 
 were those bullets made out of silver ? 
 or wood ? 
 those were the two prime choices for agents in their unit . 
 `` you should have never touched her . '' 
 `` pate ! '' 
 fear tinged holly 's voice . 
 `` did you drink from him ? '' 
 his voice was hushed . 
 so pate did know . 
 but that whisper said he did n't want shane and the other agent to find out holly 's secret . 
 `` she did , '' duncan answered , cocking his head . 
 and i loved it . 
 who would have thought ? 
 the bite of a vampire ... it could be one major turn-on . 
 `` why are n't you shocked ? '' 
 pate demanded . 
 that gun was still pointing right at duncan . 
 `` from the look of things , you just screwed a vampire . '' 
 and it was the way he said it that pissed off duncan . 
 the anger , that tightly leashed fury . 
 `` watch it , '' duncan warned him . 
 his beast had been calmed by holly 's touch , but the wolf was ready to come out again . 
 `` you just turned into an alpha ! 
 sonofabitch ! 
 do n't you know what this means ? 
 you had sex with her - '' pate 's eyes widened as he broke off . 
 `` she bit you . '' 
 muttered . 
 he took another step toward them . 
 `` did you bite her , too ? '' 
 intensity sharpened his words . 
 that gun was too close to comfort , and he was real tired of being on the receiving end of pate 's rage . 
 duncan lunged toward him and snatched the gun right out of pate 's hand . 
 he was getting rather used to his werewolf speed . 
 `` do n't point that damn thing at me or her again . '' 
 holly laughed behind him . 
 the sound was cold . 
 bitter . 
 not at all like her . 
 but how much do you know her ? 
 you did n't even know she was a vampire . 
 the insidious whisper slid through his mind . 
 `` pointing the gun at me is n't the problem . '' 
 she 'd wrapped the sheet around her body , sarong style . 
 her hair had dried . 
 her cheeks were still flushed , and her skin seemed to shine . 
 she was , without a doubt , the most beautiful thing he 'd ever seen . 
 `` a few hours ago , he shot me in the heart with one of his wooden bullets . '' 
 and duncan remembered the thunder he 'd heard as he 'd given chase after saul . 
 he 'd been rushing through the woods , so intent on his prey that he had n't even paused at that sound . 
 he had n't thought-holly - a snarl broke from his lips . 
 pate 's eyes widened . 
 `` easy . 
 it only killed her for a few minutes . '' 
 a few minutes ... `` you 're not freaking out because you just screwed a vampire . '' 
 pate still seemed confused by that point . 
 his back teeth locked . 
 `` i 'm a werewolf . 
 who the f ** k am i to judge ? '' 
 but pate 's eyes had gone back to holly . 
 `` there 's no going back now . '' 
 his voice was almost sad . 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` you never understood . 
 there was never going to be any going back . 
 no matter what you hoped . '' 
 then she headed into what looked like a bathroom . 
 the doorframe was broken , and he could just see some tile inside . 
 pate 's gaze followed her . 
 `` eyes over here , ass ** le , '' duncan growled . 
 pate 's green stare cut to him . 
 `` could you get some damn clothes on ? 
 or my eyes will be going blind . '' 
 `` i shifted , '' duncan gritted . 
 `` she was in trouble - '' `` oh , yeah , i see that . '' 
 `` there was n't time to take my clothes off . 
 i had to rush to her . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you did . '' 
 `` and it 's not like there are backup men 's clothes here . '' 
 pate 's lips twisted . 
 `` sure there are . '' 
 he spun on his heel and headed out the broken door . 
 his hand waved toward the right as he pointed down the hallway . 
 `` second door on the right . 
 check the top drawer of the chest . '' 
 what ? 
 `` when you 're both dressed , drag your asses downstairs , '' pate said , the words an order from unit 's director . 
 duncan stalked down the hallway . 
 went in the second door on the right . 
 he yanked open the drawer and pulled out a pair of jeans . 
 they fit perfect , as did the faded t-shirt . 
 they had to belong to a guy near his size . 
 who the hell was he ? 
 and they - they smelled like pate . 
 there 's no going back now . 
 duncan slammed the chest closed . 
 the wood shattered . 
 pate 's reaction had been too personal . 
 he 'd known holly 's secrets . 
 his clothes were in her spare bedroom . 
 mine . 
 the wolf started to claw inside of him . 
 carefully , slowly , duncan sucked in a deep breath . 
 he could still taste holly , only now ... now her scent was blending with pate 's . 
 he stalked from the room and saw holly . 
 she had already dressed . 
 she had on jeans that hugged her ass too well and a loose top . 
 her hand was on the bannister , and she was near the foot of the stairs . 
 pate was reaching for her . 
 curving his hand around her shoulder . 
 there was no sign of the other agents . 
 just pate . 
 just holly . 
 pate pulled her close against him . 
 held her . 
 duncan 's eyes narrowed . 
 pate was whispering to her , and when he focused hard enough , duncan could just make out the guy 's words . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 we 'll make it work . 
 everything will be fine again , i promise . 
 holly shook her head . 
 tried to pull away from him . 
 but pate just tightened his hold around her . 
 his lips brushed over her forehead . 
 i wo n't lose you . 
 oh , hell , yes , he would . 
 duncan bounded down the stairs . 
 `` get your hands off her . '' 
 a lethal order . 
 this was n't about getting an order from his unit 's director . 
 was n't about the supernatural nightmare that was his life . 
 this was about some prick having his hands all over the woman that duncan wanted . 
 and pate needed to back the hell up before duncan wrecked the guy 's face . 
 `` i was worried this would happen , '' pate said with a sigh . 
 he did n't let holly go . 
 big mistake . 
 `` do n't you see , holly , he 's linking with you ? 
 bonding ? '' 
 `` my fist is going to bond with your face , '' duncan promised . 
 holly pushed pate away . 
 then she whirled to face duncan . 
 she blocked his path , stopping him before he could carry through on that sweet promise he 'd made to pate . 
 `` do n't , '' she said , shaking her head . 
 he reached out his hand . 
 ran his fingers over the spot that pate had kissed on her forehead . 
 he needed to get some things clear , fast . 
 wolves ... werewolves did n't react like humans . 
 pate had that bit right . 
 duncan was linking with her . 
 he wanted her again . 
 wanted her naked and screaming beneath him . 
 she had n't screamed with pleasure before , would she next time ? 
 `` my bite ... it 's ... ah , making you react this way , '' holly said , her words rushed . 
 the bite ? 
 `` it ... creates a connection . 
 between vampire and prey . 
 there 's pleasure in the bite . '' 
 yeah , he 'd gotten that part . 
 `` the pleasure is addictive . 
 it 's how vampires lure their prey to them , again and again . '' 
 her lips tightened . 
 `` the vampires who are n't interested in torturing their prey , that is . '' 
 so the bite itself was the vampire 's weapon ? 
 `` you should n't have bitten him , '' pate snapped from behind her . 
 `` you should n't have - '' `` i bit saul first , okay ? '' 
 her shoulders had straightened . 
 her eyes were still on duncan , but her words seemed to be for pate . 
 `` because your little wolf-the one you were so confident you could control-came to attack me . '' 
 over her shoulder , he saw pate 's face . 
 the guy 's expression had frozen into a stone mask . 
 `` i bit him , then duncan came in and chased the guy right out of the window . '' 
 her breath eased out . 
 `` thank you , duncan . '' 
 his hand fell away from her . 
 `` you should have let me kill him . '' 
 `` that would have been a mistake . '' 
 from pate . 
 why was the guy still talking ? 
 `` yes , '' holly said with a nod . 
 `` it would have . '' 
 then she looked back at pate . 
 `` the chip in the collar will let us track him . 
 as soon as we do , i-i can get saul to take us to the other alpha . '' 
 `` are you in control ? '' 
 pate gritted . 
 `` hell , yes , '' duncan snapped . 
 `` right now , i 'm - '' `` not you , mcguire . '' 
 holly 's laugh broke what was left of duncan 's heart . 
 `` does it matter ? 
 i took the blood , from both of them . '' 
 pate frowned at her . 
 duncan knew about vampires . 
 vampire 101 had been an introductory class for every agent entering the unit . 
 he knew that the basic rules when dealing with a vampire went this way ... rule number one : do n't get bit . 
 too late . 
 rule number two : if you do get bit , get the hell away from the vamp . 
 because once a vamp bit his prey-her prey-that vampire could slide into the victim 's mind . 
 could command . 
 control . 
 i am so screwed . 
 rule number three : do n't f ** king get bit . 
 how had holly become a vampire ? 
 because from everything he 'd heard , the transformation was n't easy . 
 a human had to be at the brink of death , and then the human had to get a very powerful infusion of vampire blood to make the transition . 
 `` is n't this why you made me ? '' 
 holly asked quietly . 
 wait , hold up , made her ? 
 `` get me to saul , and i can deliver the alpha to you . '' 
 duncan 's gaze drifted between them as anger pulsed inside of him . 
 `` if all you had to do was take a bite of saul , why not just do it back at the lab ? '' 
 his hands fisted . 
 he 'd been running for hours as he tracked saul . 
 `` why send me on this whole song and dance about - '' `` biting him was n't an option . 
 not if holly ever hoped to return to her human life . '' 
 pate ran a shaking hand over his face . 
 `` until you , she 'd never taken blood from a live source . 
 only gotten transfusions of blood that had been injected with karahydrelene . '' 
 when holly had followed him into the woods , he 'd gotten too close to her . 
 he remembered holly 's lips being crushed against his own . 
 remembered the faint coppery taste that had filled his mouth . 
 his blood ? 
 `` i-i must have bit your lip when we kissed , '' holly 's gaze would n't meet his . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he was n't . 
 maybe he should have been . 
 `` then , after saul , when we were - '' her breath sighed out . 
 `` werewolf blood has a very powerful effect on vampires . '' 
 `` it makes them drunk with pleasure and power , '' pate said as his hands crossed over his chest . 
 `` i could n't stop myself , '' she said , and finally , her gaze came back to his . 
 `` you were too good . '' 
 uh , yeah , he 'd thought the same thing about her . 
 `` the karahydrelene worked to combat the changes occurring within holly - '' pate began . 
 `` kara-what ? '' 
 duncan wanted to know . 
 he 'd never heard of it . 
 holly gave him a small smile . 
 `` karahydrelene . 
 it 's a drug i made that inhibited the bloodlust . 
 with it , i could go for much longer periods of time without needing the blood . 
 my fangs never extended , and all of my other vampire ... features ... were contained . '' 
 `` but now that she 's just had straight werewolf blood ... '' pate let his words trail away . 
 holly 's gaze held duncan 's . 
 `` the bloodlust is going to be much harder to control . '' 
 her gaze dropped to his throat . 
 `` before you go out on this hunt with me , you need to know that . 
 i might-i might try to drink from you again . '' 
 will you try to f ** k me again , too ? 
 because he thought that would be a rather awesome bonus . 
 `` can you handle that ? '' 
 she stared at him with fear in her dark eyes . 
 as if she actually expected him to say that a little bite from her was too much for him to handle . 
 um , hell , no , it was n't too much . 
 `` just so you 're warned , too . '' 
 he bent his head over hers . 
 caught more of that heady scent and did n't even care if the scent was part of a vampire 's appeal to draw in her victims or if it came from the karahydrelene or if it was just her . 
 `` i may want my own bite . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 pate 's immediate snap . 
 `` that ca n't happen ! '' 
 he did n't want to leave holly but , slowly , duncan made his way over to his boss . 
 `` you got a claim on her ? '' 
 `` uh , duncan ... '' holly began , voice rather nervous , from behind him . 
 pate glared at him . 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 he could rip the man apart . 
 the werewolf strength that he 'd hated before was an advantage right then . 
 `` forget it . 
 you 're not having her , you can just - '' `` she 's my step-sister . '' 
 duncan managed to keep his jaw off the floor . 
 `` and she 's too good for you . 
 so do n't even think about biting her because she 's not going to be your mate . 
 not going to be anything to you . 
 you do the mission , and it 's over . 
 you 've already screwed things up enough for her . '' 
 a muscle jerked in pate 's jaw . 
 `` so have i. '' then pate marched away , leaving duncan staring after him . 
 he knew the guy was right , on one count anyway . 
 holly was too good for him . 
 that was why he 'd stayed away from her before the vampire attack . 
 and even though he knew that pate was right in warning him off , duncan also knew that he was n't about to leave holly . 
 they 'd complete the mission all right , but after that , things would be far from over between them . 
 chapter six the bar was loud . 
 bursting with noise . 
 laughter . 
 music . 
 the scent of alcohol and sex lingered in the air . 
 so did the scent of blood . 
 from the corner of her eye , holly glanced over at duncan . 
 they 'd followed the signal from saul 's collar , but , honestly , she thought duncan could have tracked the guy without it . 
 his senses were seriously amped , and she was pretty sure that those enhanced senses could tell that - i 'm still turned on . 
 because she was . 
 no wonder pate had tried to keep her away from werewolf blood . 
 it was heady . 
 saul ... saul 's blood had amped up her body . 
 given her a boost that made her feel incredibly strong . 
 but duncan 's blood ? 
 it had been like wine . 
 ecstasy . 
 her whole body had shuddered from the pleasure of tasting it . 
 she looked at him now and still wanted . 
 it was wrong on so many levels . 
 she was on a mission . 
 her first , ever . 
 this was her chance to show pate that she could still be an asset , even as a vampire . 
 that he did n't have to keep hiding her in the lab with the karahydrelene-laced blood right by her side in case she had a meltdown . 
 this was her shot , but she was about to blow it because she kept lusting over the werewolf to her left . 
 `` can you control me ? '' 
 the quiet question was the last thing she 'd expected right then . 
 her head turned fully toward him . 
 they were across the street from the bar , waiting beneath a broken street light . 
 the darkness surrounded them , and , though she knew he could see perfectly in that darkness , holly could only see the outline of his body and face . 
 vamps did n't get the sensory kick that werewolves possessed . 
 they got the enhanced strength and mind control bit instead . 
 `` can you ? '' 
 duncan pressed . 
 `` i have n't , '' she said , hedging . 
 a rough laugh . 
 `` that means you could , if you wanted . '' 
 yes . 
 maybe . 
 `` i should confess something to you . '' 
 she 'd sounded so confident with pate because she 'd had to sound that way . 
 `` i , uh , i 've never tried to control anyone before . '' 
 a rather painful silence , then , `` run that by me again . '' 
 his eyes were shining , like a cat 's , in the dark . 
 `` i 've only taken blood from you and saul . 
 the other blood-it came bagged or was given to me via an iv . 
 there were no people there for me to try and control . '' 
 her words tumbled over each other . 
 `` theoretically , i should be able to do this . 
 i mean , it 's something all vamps can do so - '' he swore , grabbed her arm , and pulled her into the nearest alley . 
 then he pushed her back against the rough brick wall . 
 `` theoretically ? 
 holly , this is n't some experiment . 
 you go up to that werewolf and you ca n't control him , then he 's gon na go right for your heart . '' 
 or her head . 
 because one surefire way to kill a vamp ? 
 take off the head . 
 `` i can do this , okay ? '' 
 her heart was racing in her chest . 
 his hands had curled around her shoulders and his head-and that sexy mouth of his-waited just inches from hers . 
 `` prove it . '' 
 his hold tightened on her . 
 `` you got my blood , and you got his . 
 so if you can control me ... '' `` then i can control saul . '' 
 but she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't want to do that to you . '' 
 he stared down at her . 
 `` you 've been through enough lately , ok ? 
 it 's just been over thirty-six hours since your change . 
 i know what it 's like to have your life ripped away . '' 
 oh , talk about being able to relate . 
 now she could finally tell him . 
 `` and i 'm so sorry this happened to you . '' 
 holly pulled in a deep breath . 
 `` that 's why i 'm not going to control to you , okay ? 
 you do n't need me ripping into your mind , too . '' 
 his hold tightened . 
 he brought his head even closer to hers . 
 `` i want you in my mind . '' 
 `` duncan - '' `` if you ca n't do it , then you are n't going into that bar . 
 i 'll call pate . 
 tell him to come get you . 
 tell him the operation is off . '' 
 then what would happen to her ? 
 she 'd get shoved back in her lab , and pate would start forcing her to try his cures again . 
 `` make me step away from you . '' 
 duncan 's words were a low whisper . 
 rumbling . 
 dark . 
 sexy . 
 `` you think that you linked with me when you took my blood ? 
 then make me step back . 
 that 's simple enough , right ? '' 
 yes . 
 but she hated the thought of forcing him to do anything , even something so small , against his will . 
 `` i 'm inviting you in , baby . 
 let 's see what you 've got . '' 
 his body brushed against hers . 
 `` make me stop . '' 
 then his mouth took hers . 
 light at first , then harder . 
 his tongue skimmed over her lips . 
 his hand slid down her body , his fingers skirting around the curve of her breast . 
 a moan rose in her throat . 
 make him stop ? 
 she 'd rather make him strip . 
 a door slammed then . 
 a car horn honked . 
 voices drifted toward them . 
 `` make me , '' he said against her lips . 
 she could feel his c ** k swelling against her . 
 her body ached but ... holly pulled her mouth from his . 
 `` s-step away from me . '' 
 his whole body tightened . 
 then his mouth found hers again as he kissed her harder . 
 her heartbeat doubled . 
 he was n't supposed to still be kissing her . 
 this was n't the way it worked . 
 she 'd interviewed vamps at the facility . 
 they 'd all said ... controlling prey is easy . 
 take the blood . 
 then just tell them what you want . 
 they ca n't resist . 
 the blood is the link . 
 the power . 
 they 'd laughed about how easy it was to control humans . 
 only ... oh , crap , she was n't trying to control a human . 
 she was dealing with a werewolf . 
 maybe she could n't control him through a compulsion . 
 he still had on his silver collar . 
 pate had given her another remote and had made sure it was tuned to be able to control both saul and duncan . 
 but she did n't want to use the silver to control them . 
 his mouth lifted from hers . 
 `` do you know ... '' duncan growled against her lips , `` that i want to bite you ? '' 
 vampires were n't the only ones who liked to bite . 
 `` so what 's to stop me ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 his fingertips were suddenly at her throat . 
 trailing lightly over skin . 
 no , not just his fingertips . 
 she could feel the light scratch of his claws . 
 `` there 's no one here . 
 just us . 
 no other agents . 
 no pate . '' 
 the last was said with a touch of anger . 
 `` i can bite you . 
 i can claim you . 
 and you ca n't stop me . '' 
 what could have been a lick of fear shot through her . 
 but , no , this was duncan . 
 he would n't do anything to her . 
 would he ? 
 `` s-stop , '' she said . 
 `` make me , '' he ordered her again . 
 his body seemed harder . 
 stronger . 
 he was n't shifting-oh , he 'd better not be shifting . 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 yes , okay , fear had the word trembling . 
 `` when a werewolf bites his chosen mate , '' and his fingers were on the side of her neck , `` it 's a mark that tells all the other wolves to stay the hell away . 
 a mark that says ... mine . '' 
 she knew how the wolf rules went . 
 she 'd done the paranormal classes that the agents took , too . 
 `` i look at you , '' his words were deeper , darker . 
 `` and think ... mine . '' 
 `` you 're trying to s-scare me . '' 
 trying . 
 succeeding . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm telling you what is . '' 
 his head lowered to her neck . 
 his teeth skimmed over her frantically racing pulse . 
 `` you wo n't get away from me . '' 
 she did n't think it was the man who spoke the words , but the beast he 'd become . 
 the wolf inside that thought in primitive terms of possession and claiming . 
 holly lifted her hands and tried to shove him back . 
 `` stop . '' 
 he could n't claim her . 
 a werewolf claiming was forever . 
 or rather , until death . 
 because werewolves had been known to kill their mates instead of letting them escape . 
 `` make me , `` he snarled . 
 his hold was so much tighter . 
 harder . 
 his hips were pressing against hers , and she could feel the light sting of his teeth on her neck . 
 the situation was out of control . 
 he was out of control . 
 they were supposed to be working together . 
 getting saul . 
 `` duncan ... '' his head lifted . 
 his eyes stared down at hers . 
 they were glowing-the gold and blue so bright . 
 far more beast than man . 
 in that instant , she knew that he was n't stopping . 
 not unless she made him . 
 her wild heartbeat shook her chest . 
 she stared into his eyes . 
 felt fear and adrenaline heat her blood . 
 `` let me go . '' 
 her words did n't shake . 
 they just came from her , whispered softly . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` step away from me . '' 
 her heart raced faster . 
 adrenaline had her fingers trembling as she pushed against his chest . 
 `` and get your hands off me . '' 
 his teeth snapped together . 
 and he backed away . 
 `` get control of your beast , '' she said , flattening her hands against the wall behind her . 
 `` get that control now . '' 
 his shoulders rolled . 
 his claws turned back into regular nails , and the wildness faded from his eyes . 
 they stared at each other , breath heaving . 
 i did it . 
 but , just to be sure , she blurted , `` tell me you love me . '' 
 `` i love you , '' he said instantly . 
 and her heart hurt . 
 `` right . '' 
 softer . 
 she nodded . 
 `` i think that ends our little experiment , does n't it ? '' 
 he blinked . 
 his eyes were still feverishly bright , shining in the night . 
 `` i guess i just had to be scared enough . '' 
 her head tipped back against the bricks as she stared up at the dark sky . 
 `` that was the purpose of that little scene , right ? 
 you were trying to scare me into losing control so i 'd be able to use the vamp power ? '' 
 maybe that had been the key . 
 he 'd made her shake with fear for a moment there , but , it had worked . 
 when she 'd only had fear left , there had been no holding back . 
 she 'd felt as if something unlocked within her . 
 power . 
 she realized that he had n't spoken . 
 her gaze darted to him . 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i was n't trying to scare you . '' 
 uh , oh . 
 all of the moisture seemed to dry up in her mouth . 
 `` i wanted to take you . '' 
 he backed up another step . 
 `` consider yourself warned . '' 
 crap . 
 he turned away from her . 
 `` at least you know how to stop me now . '' 
 he 'd really been ordering her to stop him . 
 ordering ... or begging ? 
 the words had been so rough . 
 had the man been fighting the beast ? 
 trying to hang on ? 
 she reached out for him . 
 but he stepped farther away . 
 `` no touching , '' he growled . 
 `` when i touch you , i want . '' 
 the blood link that she 'd created ? 
 or something more ? 
 vampires were addictive to their prey , but she did n't just want to be some addiction to him . 
 i love you . 
 she wanted to be something more . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 he headed toward the mouth of the alley . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he stiffened but did n't glance back . 
 she forced herself away from the bricks . 
 `` let me take off your collar . '' 
 pate had wanted him to keep wearing it . 
 because pate did n't trust duncan 's animal instincts . 
 `` that 's not a good idea , '' duncan said . 
 `` you 're not going to attack any human , you 're not - '' `` i almost attacked you right then . 
 and with the full moon coming ... '' she saw his hands clench . 
 `` it 's a risk i ca n't take . '' 
 because of his family . 
 she knew what had happened to them . 
 the slaughter by werewolves that had left a five-year-old boy covered in blood and orphaned in the world . 
 he 'd learned monsters were real at such an early age . 
 too early . 
 she had n't learned that lesson until she 'd stepped into pate 's world . 
 `` i keep the collar . '' 
 it rode low on his neck . 
 `` and you keep the remote . '' 
 his head turned and his gaze met hers once more . 
 `` and if i ever go for your throat or your heart and you ca n't pull me back with a vampire compulsion , you do n't f ** king hesitate to burn me . '' 
 she could only stare at him in shock . 
 `` promise me , '' he demanded . 
 she nodded , but she could n't bring herself to speak . 
 because she did n't want to lie to him . 
 then they were heading toward the bar . 
 toward the laughter and the noise on the wrong side of the city . 
 a battle waited for them , and this time , she would fight . 
 and not be the same victim that she 'd been a year ago . 
 because just a few blocks away , well , holly had died in a spot there . 
 in a pool of blood . 
 with a vampire standing over her and with her brother screaming her name . 
 *** the bar reeked of blood and death . 
 humans were inside , dancing , seemingly oblivious to the smell . 
 but duncan was n't human , not anymore . 
 his nostrils widened as he pulled in the heavy scent that came primarily from the door on the far left . 
 the door marked private . 
 the door was guarded by two men he pegged instantly as werewolves . 
 `` what 's happening in that room ? '' 
 holly whispered from beside him as her fingers curled around his arm . 
 he tried not to stiffen at her touch . 
 he was too aware of her . 
 of every single thing that she did . 
 vampires were addictive , that was the spiel , right ? 
 maybe that was why he had a constant hard-on and all he could think about was plunging into her again . 
 mission . 
 focus on the mission . 
 he did n't even know what in the hell had happened in that alley . 
 one minute , he 'd been trying to get her to use a compulsion on him . 
 going out on a mission without even a test run-what had pate been thinking ? 
 and then in the next instant , he 'd just wanted to mark her . 
 to let any other wolf know that holly belonged to him . 
 because other werewolves would want her . 
 especially once they got a whiff of her scent . 
 the old stories humans told about vampires and werewolves being enemies ... those stories were wrong . 
 vampires and werewolves were often drawn together . 
 one 's strength was another 's weakness . 
 together they were damn near unstoppable . 
 so , hell , yes , another werewolf would want her . 
 he was n't going to let anyone have her . 
 a blonde woman , laughing , drunk , was led to the private door . 
 the werewolves moved out of her way . 
 staggering a bit , she headed into the `` private '' area . 
 her escort-a redhead with piercings circling his left ear-left her quickly . 
 the door closed behind her . 
 the werewolves resumed their guarding position . 
 duncan 's eyes narrowed . 
 the redhead started scanning the room once more . 
 looking for new prey . 
 `` we need to get in that room , '' duncan said . 
 `` i figured that would be your answer . '' 
 she sighed , then said , `` all that blood ... the humans they take in , they do n't come back out , do they ? '' 
 no . 
 she pulled her hand away from him . 
 `` i 'll get in . 
 if saul is down there - '' `` he is . '' 
 `` then i 'll get him to come back out . '' 
 before he could stop her , she was sauntering across the room . 
 the jeans she wore clung to her ass , and his gaze sure was n't the only one to notice just how good she looked . 
 the redhead 's stare locked on her . 
 he smiled . 
 touch her , and i 'll break every bone you have . 
 the beast was getting stronger within duncan . 
 so much more dangerous . 
 was it because the full moon was drawing ever closer ? 
 or because he was destined to be one of those psychotic wolves that lived for blood and death ? 
 the redhead had walked up to holly . 
 gotten far too close to her . 
 duncan headed toward them . 
 even over the drone of voices , he could hear the redhead say , `` you 're new here , are n't you ? '' 
 `` i heard it was a good place to party , '' holly replied . 
 the redhead steered her toward the bar . 
 motioned to the bartender . 
 `` and do you like to party ? '' 
 `` i like to get wild . '' 
 when had her voice become so throaty ? 
 where was the shy doctor he knew and lusted after ? 
 this was the vamp . 
 sexy . 
 and taking too many risks . 
 the redhead was seriously leaning too close to her as the guy tried to give her a drink . 
 `` there 's a real wild party downstairs . '' 
 duncan caught the flash of her smile . 
 `` i did n't even know this place had a lower level . '' 
 `` um , yes , it 's for vips . '' 
 the redhead trailed his fingers over her shoulder . 
 `` i think you count as someone very important tonight . '' 
 he lifted the drink toward her mouth . 
 `` here , have some ... '' the dick was shoving the drink down her throat . 
 and holly was what-just taking it ? 
 the woman had to be smarter than that ! 
 and he realized that she was n't actually drinking the dark red liquid . 
 her head turned a bit as her gaze met his . 
 then she pushed the glass away . 
 `` take me to the party , '' she told the redhead . 
 huh . 
 for her first mission , the lady was doing damn well . 
 vamp power ? 
 or just sex appeal ? 
 either way , it was working . 
 the redhead was leading her toward the door . 
 she had her entrance pass . 
 now for his turn . 
 because he was n't about to let her go in alone . 
 the werewolves moved back for her , but duncan saw them inhale deeply and frown at her . 
 hell . 
 her scent could blow things for them - but then she vanished down the stairs . 
 the redhead immediately eased back . 
 started searching again . 
 duncan kept his eyes on that door . 
 his whole focus centered on the two guards there . 
 if holly was n't back upstairs in three minutes , he would be going inside after her . 
 three minutes . 
 he started to count . 
 *** the wooden stairs creaked beneath her feet . 
 holly 's fingers slid over the wobbly railing , feeling the rough wood press against her skin . 
 more music was coming from below . 
 pumping , hard music . 
 she could hear women moaning . 
 the scent of blood was getting thicker . 
 some party , all right . 
 darkness waited at the foot of the stairs . 
 she headed into that darkness . 
 and was immediately grabbed by strong arms . 
 `` i knew you 'd come for me . '' 
 the voice was familiar . 
 growling . 
 saul . 
 he yanked her with him , pulling her through the darkness . 
 she saw the flickering flames of candles burning . 
 and ... in that faint light , she saw a woman 's broken body on the ground . 
 her neck had been ripped open . 
 blood pooled around her . 
 `` the bitch reminded me of you , '' saul said . 
 his breath was hot against her throat . 
 `` i had to bite . '' 
 fear shot her , and it was that wild , desperate fear that she needed . 
 she twisted and put her hands on his chest . 
 stared into his hate-filled , wild eyes , and said , `` drop your claws . '' 
 the claws that he 'd dug into her sides . 
 he blinked . 
 his teeth snapped together . 
 `` drop your claws ! '' 
 his claws fell to his sides . 
 his body tensed , as if he were straining , and she knew he was trying to fight her compulsion . 
 `` now do n't move . 
 not so much as a single step , understand me ? '' 
 he did n't move . 
 did n't reply . 
 did n't blink . 
 she figured he 'd understood her . 
 her gaze flew around that area . 
 there was another door to the right . 
 the faint moans were coming from inside that room . 
 `` what 's happening in there ? '' 
 he did n't speak . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 `` food . '' 
 that one word sent a shiver through her . 
 she remembered the blonde who 'd been led down the stairs just moments before her . 
 `` is your alpha in there ? '' 
 laughter . 
 `` you 're ... out of your league ... little girl . '' 
 she leapt forward . 
 her fingers wrapped around his throat . 
 `` i 'm not a little girl . '' 
 she bared her fangs . 
 `` i 'm the woman who can kill you in an instant . '' 
 she was itching to use that silver collar on him . 
 her gaze narrowed as she studied his neck . 
 it was red and bloody-it looked like he 'd been trying to claw the collar off . 
 no dice . 
 those things had been built to withstand just about anything . 
 pate had always been so clever with his gadgets . 
 `` i 'm asking again ... is the alpha in there ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 there was no time to go for duncan . 
 the woman would be dead in moments . 
 `` stay here , '' she told him , knowing he 'd have no choice . 
 `` and do n't even think of shouting out a warning to the guy . '' 
 the mission was to get saul . 
 to have him take the agents back to the alpha who was leading the wolves on such a rampage through the human population . 
 but holly was n't about to leave a woman to die . 
 she could n't . 
 i 've been there . 
 so she crept toward that room . 
 her palms were sweating when she opened the doorknob . 
 the door slid open . 
 a fluorescent bulb flickered overhead . 
 a woman was on a table , her blonde hair trailing around the table 's edge . 
 a man bent over her . 
 his teeth were at her throat . 
 but he stiffened even as the door creaked open . 
 his head lifted . 
 his eyes-bright , glowing gold-met holly 's . 
 `` well , hello , there . '' 
 he inhaled deeply and shoved away from the table . 
 `` are n't you something ... sweet . '' 
 oh , shit . 
 was that the pick-up line that all the werewolves were going to use ? 
 as soon as she was back in her lab , she 'd have to find a way to combat that scent . 
 he stalked toward her . 
 he was big , as tall as duncan , but with shoulders not quite as wide . 
 his teeth were sharp , and the guy 's claws were definitely out . 
 `` harold said he 'd be sending me some treats , but i had no idea ... '' he inhaled again , seeming to draw her scent fully into his lungs , `` that a vampire was on the menu . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' she gritted . 
 then , because she was n't an idiot who 'd come into this battle unprepared , holly yanked out the gun that she 'd tucked into the back of her shirt . 
 a gun that pate had given to her before she 'd left her apartment . 
 the gun would n't be loaded with wooden bullets-pate would never risk giving her a weapon that could be used against her . 
 instead , she knew it would be packing silver . 
 the werewolf was just a few feet away from her now . 
 no chance that 's she 'd miss this shot . 
 `` freeze , '' she told him . 
 technically , she did n't have a badge because she was the doctor on the team , not an fbi agent , but the wolf did n't know that . 
 `` do n't take another step , '' holly ordered , `` because you 're under arrest . '' 
 he laughed at her . 
 laughed . 
 figured . 
 then he lunged toward her . 
 holly 's finger squeezed the trigger as she fired . 
 chapter seven when he heard the blast of gunfire , duncan jumped away from the bar . 
 the patrons had frozen , and that gave him the perfect chance to rush right through the crowd . 
 unfortunately , the werewolves at the door had n't frozen . 
 they 'd ripped open that door and were already vanishing down the stairs by the time duncan made it across the bar . 
 he followed the sound of their thudding footsteps . 
 then he heard another shot . 
 holly . 
 he jumped over ten steps and landed on the bottom floor in a low crouch . 
 the werewolves that he 'd followed spun to face him . 
 duncan bared his teeth . 
 they were n't getting in his way . 
 no one and nothing would stop him from reaching holly . 
 the werewolves ran at him , attacking in unison . 
 since they were attacking that way , so would he . 
 he swiped out with the claws of his right hand and the claws of his left-catching both of those bastards with his attack . 
 blood flowed . 
 they howled , then they hit the floor . 
 he kept running , heart pounding , as he tracked the sound of that gunfire . 
 the rooms were dim , lit only with candlelight , but he did n't care . 
 he could see perfectly . 
 he could sure as hell see saul , standing frozen in the middle of the next room , with eyes wide and fangs glinting . 
 duncan lifted his claws , more than ready to rip and tear again - `` do n't ! '' 
 saul yelled . 
 `` i 'm not a f ** kin ' threat ! '' 
 the guy had fangs and claws . 
 like he 'd buy that saul was n't about to attack him . 
 `` your vamp bitch ... '' saul gritted out the words , but did n't so much as take a step forward . 
 `` she froze me . '' 
 duncan did n't know if the guy was lying or not , so to make absolutely sure that saul was n't gon na be an issue , duncan slammed his fist into the guy 's jaw as hard as he could . 
 saul 's eyes rolled back in his head , and he hit the floor . 
 duncan could hear the pounding of footsteps overhead . 
 humans , fleeing , but also ... steps coming toward the basement room . 
 backup ? 
 if so , the agents needed to run faster . 
 he raced toward the room down the hallway . 
 there were no more shots , but that did n't matter . 
 now he could smell holly 's scent , and he knew exactly where she 'd be . 
 hold on , holly , i 'm coming , hold on . 
 he knocked the door down . 
 went in with his claws out and a snarl on his lips . 
 duncan saw a man on the floor . 
 a man with dark hair and heaving shoulders . 
 the guy 's own claws appeared to be buried in his chest . 
 blood soaked the front of the man 's shirt . 
 `` i got him , '' holly whispered . 
 duncan 's gaze snapped over to her . 
 she stood to the left , about five feet away from the crouching man . 
 she still had her weapon pointed at the guy . 
 duncan hurried to her side . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she did n't seem to be injured but - the man 's laughter stopped him . 
 chilled him . 
 because the laughter was cold , haunting , and strangely ... familiar . 
 duncan glanced back at him . 
 the man 's dark head lifted , and his glowing , golden eyes met duncan 's . 
 the werewolf 's smile widened . 
 `` hello , brother . '' 
 duncan stiffened . 
 `` i 'm not your brother . '' 
 smoke was rising from the werewolf 's chest . 
 now he realized why the guy 's claws were in his chest . 
 holly had been the one shooting , and she 'd fired the silver right into the werewolf . 
 now the fellow was trying to dig the silver out , with his claws . 
 the werewolf 's head cocked to the right . 
 his gaze swept over duncan . 
 duncan 's own eyes narrowed . 
 that guy ... why the hell did he seem so familiar to him ? 
 had they crossed paths before ? 
 `` you 're the alpha . '' 
 holly 's shoulder brushed against his arm . 
 duncan wanted to grab her and pull her close , but that move would reveal too much to the predator that watched them with glowing eyes . 
 eyes that were searching for a weakness . 
 `` so , it seems ... '' the man flashed fangs . 
 `` and so are you , brother . '' 
 that brother shit was getting old . 
 the werewolf inhaled deeply . 
 his golden stare flickered to holly . 
 `` guess you got the first taste of her . 
 but i 'm sure there 's plenty to go around . '' 
 duncan lunged forward . 
 in a second 's time , he had his claws at the guy 's throat . 
 holly was screaming behind him , telling him to back away , that she had this - no , he had this . 
 duncan had the fool who thought he 'd take what belonged to him . 
 `` it 's the way of the beast , '' the werewolf whispered to him . 
 `` we do n't like to share what we 've marked as ours , do we ? '' 
 holly is mine . 
 the werewolf gave what appeared to be a sad shake of his head . 
 `` it 's going to be a problem for you . '' 
 hell . 
 it almost sounded like the psycho werewolf pitied him . 
 duncan tightened his hold , ending the guy 's words . 
 `` you do n't threaten her . 
 you do n't even look at her . '' 
 golden eyes stared back at him . 
 i 've seen those eyes . 
 he knew the guy 's face . 
 the heavy cheekbones . 
 the sharp nose . 
 the cleft in the guy 's chin . 
 he stared at the guy and heard echoes of screams . 
 cries that did n't come from anywhere but in his own mind . 
 a child 's cries . 
 begging . 
 desperate . 
 holly 's hands closed around his shoulders , and she jerked him back . 
 the screams died away as the alpha smirked up at him . 
 duncan could hear other sounds then . 
 like the heavy tread of footsteps rushing toward the room . 
 then pate was there . 
 climbing over the broken door . 
 shane and elias were right on his heels . 
 they were all armed , and duncan knew silver would be loaded in their guns . 
 `` when will they turn those weapons on you ? '' 
 the alpha asked , raising his brows . 
 `` think they 'll wait until the full moon rises ? 
 or will they put you out of your misery before then ? '' 
 a woman moaned then . 
 the blonde in the back . 
 the woman stretched out on a table and currently bleeding . 
 was that blood having any impact on holly ? 
 she seemed to be in control . 
 `` i could n't let him kill her , '' came holly 's soft voice . 
 `` i had to do something to stop him . '' 
 her `` something '' had been to shoot the alpha . 
 nice . 
 pate inclined his head toward shane . 
 the agent hurried across the room and scooped the blonde into his arms . 
 but the blonde began to fight him almost immediately , crying out for `` connor ! '' 
 the werewolf 's smile vanished . 
 `` we 're done , love . 
 the humans can take you now . '' 
 and just like that , she stopped screaming . 
 what the hell ? 
 shane carried her out of the room . 
 pate and elias closed in on the alpha called connor . 
 pate pulled a second weapon from a holster under his jacket . 
 with one glance , duncan knew it was the weapon used for dosing paranormals . 
 not killing , but knocking them out . 
 `` alpha , you 're under arrest . '' 
 connor 's bloody claws raked over the dirty floor . 
 `` gon na to send me to purgatory ? '' 
 his fangs snapped together . 
 `` gon na toss me in a cage like you 're doing with the rest of my kind ? '' 
 pate fired the weapon . 
 a dart burst from the gun and lodged in connor 's throat . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` y-your ... mistake ... '' connor grabbed the dart and yanked it from his neck . 
 duncan knew the removal would do no good . 
 the drug was in his system now . 
 `` putting ... together ... makes us ... more dangerous ... '' pate fired again . 
 guess the guy was n't in the mood to take chances . 
 the second shot hit connor in his already bloody chest . 
 `` once you 're in purgatory , you wo n't be getting out . '' 
 connor 's gaze-now growing bleary-found duncan . 
 `` n-neither w-will ... he ... '' then he crashed forward , slamming into the floor . 
 out f ** king cold . 
 daphne and brent-two other para unit agents-hurried into the room . 
 they stood near elias . 
 `` make sure he 's secure , elias , '' pate ordered without taking his gaze off connor . 
 `` i want his transfer to be smooth and fast . 
 get him to our base and get him caged . '' 
 the base that had been already been under attack by the wolves ? 
 the place had n't exactly been secure then , and duncan sure hoped that pate had stepped things up . 
 the werewolves might try to rescue their alpha . 
 if they did , he did n't want to walk into another bloodbath . 
 `` the guards have been doubled . 
 we are n't gon na have any trouble , '' pate said , as if the jerk had just read his mind . 
 but he could n't do that . 
 pate was just human . 
 at least , duncan thought he was . 
 `` you did n't believe we 'd have trouble before , '' duncan said . 
 he was suddenly conscious of his collar . 
 the heavy weight . 
 the silver that was burning more than it should in that instance . 
 because his wolf was trying to come out ? 
 the alpha had n't challenged him , other than that ass ** le comment about holly . 
 should n't the guy have come at him with claws ready to rip him apart ? 
 the whole scene just felt wrong to him . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 duncan 's eyes swept back to connor . 
 the unconscious wolf was n't giving him any answers . 
 `` good job , holly , '' pate said . 
 duncan looked back as pate 's hand lifted , and he pulled the gun from her fingers . 
 `` but i thought i told you to locate him . 
 to confirm that he was here , then call for backup . '' 
 `` there was n't time for backup . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 duncan realized she was still staring at the unconscious werewolf . 
 a faint furrow was between her brows . 
 `` he was going to kill the blonde . '' 
 `` he wo n't be killing anyone else , '' pate said , as if making her a promise . 
 it was n't a promise that duncan was sure the guy could keep . 
 and just why did pate still have his gun out ? 
 pate shifted his position slightly , as if putting his body between holly and duncan . 
 no , not as if he were doing it . 
 the guy was damn well trying to separate them . 
 he was also lifting his gun and pointing it at duncan . 
 `` is the silver burning you more now ? '' 
 `` why are you pointing that at me ? '' 
 duncan demanded , not answering the question . 
 a muscle jerked in pate 's jaw . 
 `` because your eyes are glowing , and there 's smoke rising from your neck . '' 
 his lips tightened . 
 `` i did n't need to ask . 
 it 's obvious the silver is hurting you more . 
 that wolf of yours wants out . '' 
 because another alpha was close ? 
 or because he 'd been so wild at the thought of holly being hurt ? 
 maybe it was both . 
 and maybe ... maybe it did n't matter anymore . 
 `` drop the gun . '' 
 or he 'd rip it out of pate 's hands . 
 pate shook his head . 
 `` before you go back to base , i need to make sure you 're in control . 
 if i need to cage you - '' `` you 're not putting him in a cell ! '' 
 holly snapped . 
 but pate 's steady gaze said that he would . 
 perhaps the guy would do anything , if it kept a werewolf out of his sister 's bed . 
 `` do you have control ? '' 
 pate demanded . 
 it was the same question he 'd asked holly back at her place . 
 it was time for the guy to stop worrying about the control of others and focus on himself . 
 duncan leapt forward . 
 he snatched the gun out of pate 's hands . 
 threw it across the room . 
 `` no , and neither f ** king do you - '' it felt like a fist slammed into his back . 
 a fist that was burning hot , then icy cold . 
 that was no fist . 
 his hand flew over his shoulder and closed around the dart that was embedded in his upper back . 
 he yanked it out even as he spun and saw elias . 
 still holding his weapon . 
 `` you ... ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' elias looked miserable . 
 he swallowed , sending his adam 's apple bobbing . 
 `` you would n't want to hurt anyone , but you would . 
 we know how the werewolves are . '' 
 out to kill . 
 destroy . 
 savage . 
 his knees started to buckle . 
 another dart hit him , this one fired from brent 's gun . 
 brent , the tall , silent agent who 'd been the unit 's newest recruit . 
 `` what the hell have you done ? '' 
 holly 's frantic voice . 
 then she was there . 
 wrapping her arms around him . 
 trying to support him . 
 `` duncan ? 
 duncan ! '' 
 his eyes were drooping closed . 
 `` do n't ... cell ... '' `` i wo n't , i swear , i wo n't let them put you in a cell again . 
 duncan , just stay with me ! '' 
 he could n't . 
 the drug was in his system . 
 pumping fast and hard through his blood . 
 the drug 's effect would n't last long . 
 just long enough for pate to toss him into a containment cell . 
 before , he 'd gone into a cell willingly , because he 'd been afraid of what his beast might do . 
 this time , duncan wondered if pate had plans to make a cell his permanent home . 
 was that what connor had been trying to tell him ? 
 that he 'd wind up in purgatory , too ? 
 now that he 'd done the job pate wanted , the director might not want him around anymore . 
 too late , he was already in hell . 
 he was n't about to head out on a one-way trip to another prison . 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 he wanted to talk to holly . 
 but all he could do was sink into the darkness . 
 *** `` this is a mistake ! '' 
 yeah , right , pate had been singing that same song for the last hour . 
 holly did n't look at him . 
 she was too busy with her patient . 
 her unconscious patient , thanks to her brother . 
 duncan was on the exam table in front of her . 
 strapped down and still wearing his silver collar . 
 `` the mistake was shooting one of your own men . '' 
 jerk . 
 what had pate been thinking ? 
 and elias-elias was supposed to be duncan 's friend . 
 there should have been a rule there ... friends did n't shoot friends in the back with paranormal knockout drugs . 
 the fact that she 'd been the one to create that little brew for pate to use on his missions ? 
 that just made her feel even more miserable . 
 `` you saw him , '' pate gritted as he paced behind her . 
 `` his eyes were glowing . 
 the silver was burning his neck . 
 i was afraid his control was shattering . '' 
 because the full moon was coming ever closer . 
 `` he had his control . '' 
 her fingers stroked over his arm . 
 he felt so warm . 
 hot . 
 `` and i do n't have your confidence in him . '' 
 `` he 's your agent . 
 you should have confidence in him . '' 
 `` after the full moon ... if i see that he can stay in control then ... we 'll talk about confidence . '' 
 there was something in his voice . 
 a note that made her nervous . 
 she glanced back at him . 
 she and pate were in her lab , so this was as much privacy as they were likely to get in the facility . 
 `` what are you planning ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 her gut tightened . 
 `` pate ? '' 
 `` it 's all about the moon , '' he said . 
 the full moon that would rise with the coming night . 
 `` after that , we 'll see what happens . 
 who 's a friend . 
 who 's a foe . '' 
 he stalked toward her . 
 his hand lifted . 
 cupped her chin . 
 `` do n't take any more of his blood . '' 
 a low whisper . 
 `` there 's still time for you . 
 i know there is . '' 
 no , there was n't . 
 `` i ca n't go back . '' 
 he did n't want to admit it , but they both knew the human she 'd been had died in that alley a year ago . 
 on the night when a monster had come for pate , but had killed her instead . 
 they 'd been walking , heading toward a restaurant after watching a movie . 
 everything had happened so quickly . 
 a man had appeared and yanked her away from pate . 
 the stranger had sliced open pate 's stomach , then gone toward him with fangs bared . 
 `` do you ever wish you 'd let him kill me ? '' 
 pate asked , voice quiet and emotionless . 
 holly inhaled sharply . 
 and realized that they had an audience . 
 `` do you think about that night ? '' 
 he continued , seemingly oblivious to the fact that the softest of rustles sounded behind them . 
 duncan was waking . 
 `` i-i try not to think about it . '' 
 pate had been on the ground . 
 telling her to run . 
 get the hell away ! 
 do n't look back ! 
 his shout still rang in her ears some nights . 
 but he 'd always been there for her . 
 so she had n't been able to leave him . 
 she 'd had no weapon . 
 just her fists . 
 she 'd jumped on his back . 
 pounded him . 
 clawed him . 
 gotten his attention away from pate . 
 the attacker had turned and smiled at her . 
 she 'd screamed . 
 fangs ! 
 then those fangs had been in her throat . 
 `` you 're a terrible liar , holly . '' 
 pate sounded sad . 
 `` you should have let me die . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 instinctive . 
 the fangs had sliced deep into her throat . 
 her scream had died . 
 he 'd hurt her , so badly . 
 she 'd been the one on the ground then . 
 he 'd been over her , surrounding her . 
 gulping , slurping , making her so sick and afraid . 
 then pate had driven a stake into his back . 
 `` do you ... do you ever wish that i 'd put that stake in you , too ? '' 
 his question chilled her . 
 she flinched . 
 `` no . '' 
 some of the tension left his shoulders . 
 she knew how the vampire transformation worked . 
 a vampire 's victim had to be near death . 
 had to be drained , then given the vampire 's blood . 
 it was a virus . 
 an infection . 
 science had perfectly explained it to her . 
 that night , the vampire had n't been able to give her his blood . 
 not willingly , anyway . 
 the vampire had still been alive after pate 's attack . 
 alive , but weak . 
 pate had sliced open the vampire 's wrist and had forced the guy 's blood in her mouth before holly could even think of turning away . 
 you 'll live . 
 you 'll f ** king live . 
 only then had he ended the vampire 's life . 
 after she 'd gotten her transfusion . 
 she did n't really remember the specific details . 
 she 'd just opened her eyes to find that the vampire was missing his head . 
 i do n't want to think about that night . 
 she had n't been lying about that part . 
 `` it 's over . '' 
 her lips felt numb . 
 `` there 's no sense looking back . '' 
 `` sometimes , we ca n't go forward until we go back . '' 
 his hand fell away from her chin . 
 `` i was selfish that night . 
 i could n't let you go . '' 
 she grabbed his hand . 
 `` and i was n't ready to leave you . '' 
 his gaze held hers . 
 they 'd been together for so many years . 
 she 'd been three when her mother married his father . 
 he 'd been ten . 
 a hero in her eyes . 
 when their parents had died in an auto accident eleven years later , pate had n't let her go into foster care . 
 he 'd taken care of her . 
 always . 
 he could be an ass ** le sometimes . 
 overprotective . 
 too controlling . 
 but he was family . 
 the only family she had . 
 `` there is a cure . '' 
 his voice shook now . 
 `` it 's a virus . 
 you said it yourself . 
 an infection . 
 if you can catch it , you can cure it . '' 
 he wanted to think so . 
 she just did n't believe that was the case . 
 the virus changed the body . 
 mutated it . 
 with that kind of change , all of her research was showing that there was no going back . 
 there might never be a cure . 
 instead , the best she could hope was treatment-that was what karahydrelene had done-treated the symptoms so that she could function almost normally . 
 she stepped away from him . 
 `` duncan is n't going into a cell . 
 i wo n't let you cage him . '' 
 pate 's gaze dipped behind her . 
 `` he 'll go if he ca n't stay controlled . '' 
 she turned her head back to look at duncan just as he snapped right through the bindings that held him . 
 in an instant , he leapt to his feet . 
 hmm ... he should n't have been quite so agile after the dosing . 
 pate 's gaze said he realized the same thing . 
 dangerous . 
 as dangerous as a vampire . 
 as dangerous as me . 
 holly put her hand on duncan 's arm , stilling him before could get any closer to pate . 
 `` he 's not putting you in a cage . '' 
 `` i wo n't do it , '' pate agreed , but one eyebrow rose and he added , `` i think you 'll put yourself there . '' 
 then he headed for the double doors . 
 `` in case you 're curious ... '' pate said , throwing the words over his shoulder , `` the other alpha is in containment area five . '' 
 then he was gone . 
 holly was all alone with her werewolf . 
 not mine . 
 why did she keep thinking of him that way ? 
 duncan was n't hers . 
 was he ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 `` i had no idea they were going to drug you . '' 
 his hands curled around her shoulders . 
 he pulled her body closer , forcing her to face him . 
 did he seem ... um , bigger ? 
 he did . 
 `` duncan , i - '' his mouth was on hers . 
 hot . 
 hard . 
 and she just decided to forget talking right then . 
 she kissed him back , almost desperately , as her fingers locked around his arms and her nails sank into his skin . 
 he had her flush against his body now . 
 that wonderful heat of his seemed to singe her right through her clothes . 
 she could feel the heavy thrust of his arousal . 
 okay , yes , he 'd come out of that drugged state very aware . 
 her heart raced in her chest . 
 her body trembled . 
 not with any kind of fear , but with pure eagerness . 
 his head lifted . 
 his eyes were shining . 
 definitely not the stare of a mortal man . 
 she did n't care . 
 `` why are n't you afraid ? '' 
 because i 'm as much of a monster as you are . 
 he shook his head before she could think of a response that did n't sound so brutally cold . 
 he was n't a monster . 
 or ... hell , she did n't think of him that way . 
 even if she saw herself as the nightmare in the room . 
 `` you 're the only one i trust here , '' he told her . 
 her breath rushed out . 
 `` duncan ... '' `` something 's going on . 
 holly , i know that alpha . '' 
 `` well , you 've been hunting in the city . 
 you probably - '' `` i 've seen him in my nightmares . '' 
 that froze her . 
 `` werewolves killed my family when i was just a kid . '' 
 she knew that . 
 that attack had been what had placed him on the path that led to seattle 's para unit . 
 he 'd wanted to protect others . 
 to stop the same fate from knocking on their doors and leaving a trail of blood behind . 
 `` when i look at connor , i hear the screams from the attack . '' 
 she barely controlled her flinch . 
 sometimes , when she looked at pate , she could hear her own screams . 
 from my attack . 
 she 'd tried to hide that weakness from him . 
 pate carried enough guilt on his shoulders . 
 but after what she 'd said minutes before , she knew that he already realized she saw hell when she saw him . 
 `` i. know . 
 him . '' 
 his arms were still around her . 
 her nails still digging into his skin . 
 `` help me , '' he said . 
 holly nodded , and she knew that she could refuse him nothing . 
 *** connor was caged and collared . 
 and he looked pissed off . 
 duncan marched into the alpha 's containment area . 
 elias was stationed near the cell door . 
 when he saw duncan , elias immediately straightened to his full height . 
 `` jeez , i 'm so sorry , man - '' duncan lifted a hand . 
 `` if you 're really sorry , then you 'll give me ten minutes with this guy . 
 you 'll walk out , get yourself a drink , and not mention to anyone that i 'm here . '' 
 elias stared back at him . 
 his partner 's eyes-ex-partner-were guilt-ridden . 
 `` i 'm sorry i could n't kill you . '' 
 connor started laughing from his cell . 
 that bastard laughed a lot . 
 elias shook his head . 
 `` i know it was what you wanted . '' 
 death ? 
 duncan glanced over his shoulder . 
 holly was behind him . 
 it had been her security card that had gotten him access to this area . 
 seeing as how his access had been revoked . 
 but she 'd come with him , not hesitating even a moment when he had to sound straight-up crazy . 
 maybe i am crazy . 
 maybe the madness of the wolf was setting in , but right then , `` death 's the last thing i want . '' 
 he figured elias needed the warning . 
 things had changed . 
 fucking fast . 
 `` you come at me with silver , and you could be the one to die . '' 
 elias backed away from him . 
 `` but ... your family ... '' `` family ... '' a dark mutter from connor . 
 `` ca n't erase their sins , ca n't claw them to pieces . '' 
 duncan frowned at him . 
 connor had risen and come to stand less than a foot away from the silver bars of his cell . 
 connor was the only prisoner housed in containment area five . 
 connor was rumored to have killed dozens of paranormals and at least eight humans in the seattle area . 
 all within the last year . 
 psychopath ? 
 a psychopathic werewolf was a living hell on earth . 
 `` though i have tried the clawing technique a few times , '' connor added as he glanced down at his hands . 
 `` pity werewolves heal so fast . '' 
 elias edged away from the cell . 
 `` holly ? 
 you coming with me ? '' 
 `` she stays , '' duncan said immediately . 
 he did n't want holly out of his sight . 
 no , more than that . 
 he needed her close . 
 wanted her close . 
 elias 's gaze darted between them . 
 he and elias had worked well together just days before , but in that moment , their camaraderie seemed long gone . 
 maybe it was due to the fear that lingered in elias 's stare . 
 the hint of terror that he could n't quite hide . 
 he did n't see duncan as a man anymore . 
 `` ten minutes , '' elias finally said , giving a hard nod . 
 `` and i 'll ... i 'll make sure that no one gets through the door until you 're done . '' 
 duncan inclined his head . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 elias 's hands fisted . 
 `` it could have been me . 
 it should have been me . 
 you saved my ass , and now look what you 've become . '' 
 the thing he hated . 
 only he did n't hate the power he could feel coursing through his veins , and even the wolf that lurked within him did n't seem so foreign now . 
 it was actually as if he 'd finally found a part of himself that had been missing . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' elias told him and turned away . 
 `` so damn sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be . '' 
 the flat words broke from him and caused elias 's shoulders to stiffen . 
 `` we all dig our own graves in this world . '' 
 he 'd made the decision to jump in front of those wolves . 
 elias had n't forced him to do anything . 
 neither had pate . 
 every decision had been his . 
 elias 's footsteps were soft as he left the containment area . 
 holly 's breath expelled in a rush when the door shut behind him . 
 `` pate will know we 're here . 
 he 'll see us on the security cameras . '' 
 true enough . 
 `` he wants us here . '' 
 why else would pate have told him where to find the alpha ? 
 pate never said or did anything without a reason . 
 holly nodded . 
 `` all right then . 
 it 's your show . '' 
 his freak show , yeah . 
 he turned from her and paced toward those bars . 
 connor stared back at him . 
 eyes narrowed . 
 the guy should have been looking at him with hate , with fury , hell , maybe even with fear-the way elias had been doing . 
 but there was no emotion in those golden eyes . 
 time to make some emotion come out . 
 `` how do i know you ? '' 
 duncan demanded . 
 connor shrugged . 
 `` maybe i 've got one of those faces . '' 
 he smiled , but the smile never reached his eyes . 
 `` when i look at you , '' duncan said , standing just inches away from the cell . 
 `` i hear screams . 
 a kid crying . '' 
 connor looked like he was close to duncan 's age . 
 maybe a bit younger . 
 `` i ca n't help what you hear . '' 
 but connor 's smile had slipped a bit . 
 `` ca n't help you at all . '' 
 holly 's footsteps padded closer . 
 `` i could ... i could make him tell you what you want to know , duncan . '' 
 connor 's stare drifted to her . 
 sharpened . 
 `` the vampire . 
 the sweet bite i 'd hoped to enjoy . '' 
 he inhaled . 
 `` do n't you smell nice , just like honey and - '' duncan 's hand flew through the cage bars . 
 his claws hung inches from connor 's throat . 
 `` i already warned you about her . '' 
 emotion finally flashed in those eyes . 
 rage . 
 `` you think you 're gon na mate with a vampire ? 
 think you 'll get all of that power to control ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` better rethink that . 
 you 'll just make the same f ** king mistake he did . 
 and you 'll leave the same bloodbath behind . '' 
 duncan 's heartbeat drummed in his ears . 
 `` who are you talking about ? '' 
 connor 's gaze searched his . 
 `` maybe you need to get the vamp to bite you . 
 get her to make you remember . '' 
 connor was just jerking him around . 
 duncan yanked his hand back through the bars and barely felt the singe of the silver on his fingers . 
 `` you believe you were the good guy , do n't you ? '' 
 connor mocked as he rocked forward onto the balls of his feet . 
 `` the human out there , fighting the werewolves . 
 putting us in cages and sending the worst of the lot to rot in your purgatory . '' 
 `` i was saving humans . '' 
 he would n't regret what he 'd done . 
 he 'd never taken down any paranormal without proof that the man or woman had been killing humans . 
 never . 
 `` i do n't throw innocent paranormals into cages . 
 every single one i captured was a menace . 
 someone who had to be stopped . '' 
 connor 's gaze was on holly once more . 
 `` are you going to be able to stop him , do you think ? 
 when the moon rises and the alpha werewolf really comes out , i do n't even know if someone like you can control him . '' 
 another one singing the song about him going moon crazy . 
 sure , it was a fear that duncan had , but he was tired of everyone throwing it in his face . 
 `` i trust duncan , '' holly said , voice clear . 
 `` he will keep his control . '' 
 connor shook his head . 
 `` you 're a fool . 
 the werewolf in him will come for you because he wants your blood and your body . 
 and he 'll kill anyone who comes between the two of you . '' 
 he tapped his chin . 
 `` that 's the way for mates , and whether your special agent werewolf wants to admit it or not , he 's marked you as a mate . '' 
 duncan could feel the glance that holly cast toward him . 
 he did n't look at her then , could n't . 
 connor was telling the truth , and there was no point denying it . 
 i want her . 
 `` i have ten minutes , and you 're wasting my time . '' 
 and not answering his questions . 
 deliberately , duncan was sure . 
 `` why do i see you and hear a child begging for help ? 
 screaming my name ? '' 
 a muscle jerked in connor 's jaw . 
 `` you do n't know me . '' 
 `` i know your face . '' 
 he just did n't know how . 
 `` i 've seen it before . '' 
 connor shook his head . 
 `` let me guess ... in your nightmares ? '' 
 yes . 
 `` not all humans can become werewolves , '' connor murmured . 
 `` you have to possess the dna that will let you transform . '' 
 `` i do n't want a science lesson ! '' 
 duncan snarled . 
 wasting time , wasting - `` where do you think the dna comes from ? 
 it 's no random mutation . '' 
 `` it 's passed down , '' holly said , her body sliding closer to duncan 's . 
 connor nodded . 
 `` werewolves and humans ... we 're separate , but we can mate . 
 but the half-breeds ... they ca n't always change , '' connor murmured . 
 `` the genetics are there , '' holly said to duncan . 
 `` they would still pass down ... in children , grandchildren . '' 
 connor 's stare was back on him . 
 `` we 're everywhere , you see . 
 the teacher in your school . 
 the cop walking his beat . '' 
 me . 
 `` they 're us , and they do n't know it . '' 
 his teeth snapped together . 
 `` not until they get the bite . '' 
 `` the bite must activate the dormant dna . '' 
 holly 's arm brushed his . 
 `` that 's why some humans can change and others ca n't . 
 those who can ... they 've got an ancestor who was a werewolf . 
 i should have realized it before . 
 it 's not about mutations-it 's ... '' her head turned and her gaze found his . 
 softer , she finished , `` it 's just family . '' 
 duncan 's hands fisted . 
 his claws were trying to break free . 
 `` werewolves killed my family . '' 
 `` is that what you were told ? '' 
 connor asked , words rumbling . 
 `` it 's what i saw . '' 
 he glared at the wolf , glared and heard-help me ! 
 duncan ! 
 duncan ! 
 a child 's voice . 
 his eyes squeezed closed . 
 `` hearing voices are you ? 
 those screams again ? '' 
 connor taunted . 
 `` careful , or even your vamp will start to think you 're going crazy . '' 
 his eyelids flew open . 
 `` i. know . 
 you . '' 
 `` and i know you , '' connor fired right back . 
 in that instant , the mask he wore dropped . 
 rage burned fire-hot in his eyes as his fangs extended . 
 `` i know your face . 
 i know your scent . 
 i 've looked for you ... for years . 
 and i found you , hunting me . 
 hunting our kind ! '' 
 `` there 's no ` our kind ' here ! 
 werewolves killed - '' holly wrapped her arms around duncan and pulled him back from the cell . 
 `` elias is coming back . '' 
 the thunder of his heartbeat had drowned out the sound of approaching footsteps . 
 connor 's cheeks were flushed . 
 his claws out . 
 his chest heaving . 
 duncan 's claws were out . 
 his chest heaving . 
 `` alphas are n't made , '' connor told him . 
 `` we 're born . 
 one generation to the next . 
 alphas only come from alphas . '' 
 the door was opening behind him . 
 duncan did n't look back . 
 he could n't . 
 he remembered what connor had told him when he 'd burst into that basement room , so desperate to reach holly . 
 `` hello , brother . '' 
 his eyes swept over connor 's face . 
 `` have you gotten his dna ? '' 
 duncan asked holly . 
 `` yes . 
 a sample was taken when he first came in to the facility . '' 
 they had the best lab in the nation there . 
 with equipment most could n't even dream of . 
 connor smirked at him . 
 `` figuring it out , are you ? '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` the ten minutes are up , '' elias said before connor could speak . 
 `` and i just saw pate in the hall . 
 he 's coming this way . '' 
 because pate would have been listening . 
 he would have realized exactly what or rather , who , connor was to duncan . 
 `` it ca n't be possible . '' 
 `` what ? 
 that you were always the monster you hated ? 
 trust me , '' connor growled , `` it 's possible . 
 welcome to my nightmare . '' 
 `` i do n't have a brother . '' 
 why dance around this anymore ? 
 `` holly will check your dna against mine , and this bs you 're spilling wo n't fly . '' 
 but connor just stared back at him . 
 `` it wo n't . 
 i do n't have a brother . '' 
 connor lunged forward in an instant . 
 his hands wrapped around the silver bars and smoke rose from his flesh . 
 `` because you let that bastard take me ! 
 i begged you to save me . 
 i was four ! 
 fucking four ! 
 you were supposed to watch out for me . 
 you were supposed to save me ! '' 
 duncan could n't speak . 
 `` you let him take me . '' 
 connor 's gaze slid to holly . 
 `` now i 'll take everything from you . '' 
 holly had stiffened beside him . 
 `` the hell you will , '' duncan snarled . 
 no one was taking holly . 
 no one was hurting her . 
 `` it 's already started , '' connor said , voice lowering . 
 `` you do n't even realize it . 
 the moment you were bitten ... it was all planned . 
 your humans ? 
 they sold you out . 
 they gave you to me . 
 this time , you 'll be the one to scream and beg . 
 and there will be no one to save you-or her . '' 
 chapter eight they were brothers . 
 duncan and connor . 
 she 'd done y chromosome testing , and the proof was right there for her to see . 
 they shared the same father . 
 alphas are born , not made . 
 their father had been a werewolf alpha , and now , so were both duncan and connor . 
 the two men also shared the same mother . 
 she 'd been lucky enough to get dna from the me who 'd worked katrina mcguire 's murder case that had confirmed their link . 
 `` it 's true . '' 
 duncan 's voice . 
 flat . 
 cold . 
 and coming from right behind her . 
 she pressed her hands against the table . 
 thanks to the high-end equipment that pate had stocked in her lab , she 'd had the results in just a few hours . 
 hours that duncan had spent pacing . 
 she turned toward him . 
 `` same mother . 
 same father . '' 
 a father who 'd been a werewolf . 
 duncan shook his head . 
 `` i do n't remember a brother , i do n't - '' `` you remember his screams . 
 now that you 've seen him again , you 'll probably start to remember even more . '' 
 she walked toward him . 
 duncan 's body was thick with tension and the room seemed charged with his desperate energy . 
 `` you were a kid then , too , you - '' `` i was five . 
 i would have remembered him . 
 not just screams . 
 him . '' 
 holly swallowed . 
 `` you survived a blood bath . 
 your mother was slaughtered . 
 you must have been in shock when the authorities found you . '' 
 `` and i-what ? 
 just pretended my own brother did n't exist ? '' 
 `` you were a child , '' she said as she tried to keep her voice soothing . 
 `` you ca n't blame yourself for something that happened back then . '' 
 `` he blames me . 
 he hates me . '' 
 connor certainly seemed to . 
 `` well , if pate 's intel on him is right , the guy is psychotic so he probably blames a lot of people for - '' duncan 's head had snapped up . 
 i said the wrong thing . 
 oh , crap . 
 `` he 's slaughtered so many . 
 he 's my blood , that 's what you 're test showed , right ? 
 that 's what he told me . '' 
 duncan sucked in a deep breath . 
 `` a killer ... that 's what he is . '' 
 `` but that 's not what you are . '' 
 she wanted to shake him-so she did . 
 a hard yank against his shoulders . 
 so much for soothing . 
 `` you are n't him . 
 you have n't spent years killing . 
 you 're a good agent . 
 a good man . 
 whatever he is , that is n't you . '' 
 `` but we share blood . 
 a father . '' 
 his brows furrowed . 
 `` wait , if my father was a werewolf , was it some kind pack war ? 
 is that what happened ? 
 other wolves came and killed him and my mother ? '' 
 and here was going to be another revelation that was n't easy to give . 
 `` i. . . 
 i got the me from your hometown to fax me the autopsy reports for your parents . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i should have told you first but ... '' but what if she 'd been wrong ? 
 `` duncan , the man who died , he was n't your father . '' 
 but duncan shook his head . 
 `` he was . 
 that was my family . 
 my mother . 
 my father . 
 my - '' `` do you remember them ? 
 or do you just remember ... '' she hated hurting him . 
 `` do you just remember that the cops told you that your parents were dead ? '' 
 his silence was her answer . 
 `` you do n't remember your life with them , do you ? '' 
 his jaw locked . 
 `` i do n't remember anything before the blood and screams . '' 
 he was ripping out her heart . 
 she could n't stand for him to be in pain . 
 `` you were alone with their bodies for ... for three days . '' 
 his pupils expanded , turning his blue eyes almost totally black . 
 no trace of gold showed in his eyes then . 
 `` the me ... he told me that one of the cops found you in the closet . 
 you were covered in blood . 
 the woman in the house - '' `` my mother . '' 
 the pain in his voice made her ache . 
 `` her body was found outside of the closet . 
 it appeared as if she 'd locked you in , and then she 'd been killed outside of the door . '' 
 the me 's reports had said that her blood had slid under the crack near the bottom of the closet door . 
 duncan had been trapped in that darkness as the blood came toward him . 
 all alone . 
 three days . 
 she blinked away the tears in her eyes . 
 she was n't shaking him now . 
 just holding him and wishing that she could take all of his pain away . 
 `` how do you know he was n't my father ? '' 
 `` duncan , you know what happens when a werewolf dies in human form . '' 
 `` the teeth and claws come out . '' 
 because at death , it was if the beast inside was dying , too . 
 the body shifted back to human form , but the beast did n't totally vanish . 
 the claws and teeth always stayed out in death . 
 `` i saw ... i saw the pictures taken at the scene . 
 the man who died then did n't have claws . 
 there were no fangs either . '' 
 mes had been covering up those little telltale signs for years , and she 'd even taken the step of calling the retired me , louis hall , to make sure that her suspicions were correct . 
 `` hell , no , lady , '' he 'd told her , voice grousing with age . 
 `` i know a werewolf when i see one . 
 had two of 'em cross my table . 
 scared the hell out of me at first . 
 that slaughter ? 
 no , those were two humans who died . '' 
 darkness had filled duncan 's gaze . 
 the same deep rage that had burned from connor 's eyes . 
 `` he knows what happened to them , '' duncan muttered . 
 yes , she suspected that connor knew a great deal . 
 `` i 'm going to make him tell me . '' 
 he spun away from her and rushed for the doors . 
 but those doors were already swinging open . 
 pate stood there . 
 with shane and elias at his back . 
 `` duncan . '' 
 pate 's gaze swept over him . 
 `` i 'm going to need you to come with us . '' 
 `` get out of my way , pate , '' duncan snapped . 
 his hands were at his sides . 
 his claws ? 
 most definitely out . 
 pate shook his head . 
 `` do n't make us do this the hard way . '' 
 duncan laughed . 
 `` like there 's any other way now . '' 
 he pointed toward the doors . 
 `` that ass ** le in containment five knows about - '' `` you mean your brother ? 
 the alpha werewolf who 's been clawing his way through the town ? 
 that ass ** le ? '' 
 she could have slugged pate right then . 
 holly marched toward him . 
 `` you tapped into my computer . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` and your phone line . '' 
 jerk . 
 she should have known he 'd pull tricks like that . 
 but pate 's stare actually seemed to hold real sympathy as it turned back to duncan . 
 `` in the morning , i 'll let you grill the guy as long as you want . 
 but the moon is going to start rising soon . 
 your first full moon . 
 and i ca n't take chances with this night . '' 
 `` scared i 'll hurt you ? '' 
 `` no , scared you 'll hurt her . '' 
 pate 's attention shifted to holly , then back to duncan . 
 `` the wolf will be in control . 
 what do you think he 's gon na want most ? '' 
 `` not me , '' holly said . 
 that had all the guys looking at her . 
 she licked her lips . 
 `` blood . 
 revenge . '' 
 that was what she 'd seen in duncan 's eyes . 
 `` i want to talk to connor . '' 
 duncan 's voice had deepened . 
 roughened . 
 goosebumps rose on her arms . 
 `` in the morning . 
 when the moon is down , and your control is one hundred percent set . '' 
 pate 's mouth firmed . 
 `` i have to make sure you control your beast tonight , and that he does n't control you . 
 duncan , you know the first full moon transformation is supposed to be hardest . '' 
 `` the one that tells me if i stay sane ? '' 
 duncan 's voice made the chill she felt even worse . 
 `` or proves that i 'll be psychotic , just like my brother ? '' 
 she so wished she 'd never used that word . 
 `` duncan ... '' his head inclined toward her . 
 she could see his fangs . 
 so what ? 
 she had fangs of her own . 
 holly reached for his hand . 
 `` you can talk to him tomorrow . '' 
 there were no transfer orders on connor yet . 
 duncan would get his answers . 
 they had time . 
 `` just come with us for tonight , '' pate said . 
 `` we 've got a secure cell waiting for you . '' 
 `` like the last one ? '' 
 duncan mocked . 
 `` i ripped right through those bars . '' 
 pate 's cheeks flushed . 
 it looked like shane fought a smile . 
 elias ... he paled . 
 `` you 're going in the holding room tonight . '' 
 the holding room ? 
 she sucked in a sharp breath . 
 the holding room was the paranormal equivalent of solitary confinement . 
 no windows . 
 walls reinforced with a combination of silver and steel . 
 one door . 
 thick . 
 heavy . 
 an eight by twelve foot prison . 
 there was only one light that shone from the ceiling in the middle of that room . 
 it was normally where the most dangerous paranormals were kept before transfer . 
 where connor probably would have been housed , if pate had n't been so worried about duncan 's transformation under the full moon . 
 holly 's whole body was tight with tension . 
 `` that 's a little extreme , do n't you think ? '' 
 she did n't want duncan locked up . 
 the collar was bad enough . 
 `` he 's one of ours . '' 
 `` that 's why i 'm doing everything i can to keep him safe and to keep him from hurting anyone else . '' 
 pate rolled his shoulders . 
 `` how do you think he 'll feel , hol , if he wakes up tomorrow and finds the dead bodies of his fellow agents around him ? '' 
 `` that 's not - '' holly began . 
 `` it could happen , '' duncan said at the same time . 
 no , it could n't . 
 why did she have more faith in the guy than he did in himself ? 
 her hold tightened on him . 
 `` you 're not like that . '' 
 not like connor . 
 `` it 's time to find out if i am . '' 
 he pulled away from her . 
 damn him , he pulled away . 
 then he glanced back at pate . 
 `` take me to holding . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 holly sprang between the men . 
 `` he 's wearing the collar . 
 just let him stay here . 
 i can keep an eye on him tonight , i can - '' duncan 's hands closed around her shoulders . 
 he turned her toward him . 
 kissed her . 
 not a hard kiss . 
 not wild . 
 not what she 'd expected . 
 soft . 
 controlled . 
 he has control . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you , '' he said . 
 no , he would n't . 
 that was what she was trying to make them all understand . 
 if the idiots would just listen to her . 
 `` stay away from me tonight , '' he said as his gaze held hers . 
 `` connor might have set this in motion , but i 'll be damned if i lose what matters most to me . '' 
 her heart slammed into her chest . 
 wait . 
 was he saying that she mattered ? 
 that it was n't just sex and need ? 
 but then he was pushing her behind him . 
 heading away with pate . 
 and pate was glancing back over his shoulder and giving her a hard glare . 
 `` shane , '' pate ordered , `` make sure that holly gets home safely tonight . '' 
 the home that still sported a broken window ? 
 that reeked of safety . 
 `` make sure she does n't go near holding , '' pate added . 
 shane gave a little salute and sauntered toward her . 
 `` guess we 'll be getting cozy tonight . '' 
 duncan froze . 
 then he turned and gave shane a glare that would have singed most men . 
 `` you f ** king wo n't . '' 
 shane gulped . 
 `` uh , right ... i meant ... '' he straightened quickly . 
 `` i 'll keep her safe , promise . '' 
 duncan held his gaze . 
 `` you 'd better . '' 
 then duncan was gone . 
 pate was gone . 
 elias hurried after them . 
 holly found that she could n't move . 
 `` he 'll be okay , '' shane said , voice soft . 
 her gaze cut toward him . 
 shane could play the carefree card pretty well . 
 he 'd done it plenty of times , but she knew there was a whole lot more going on beneath his surface . 
 he had his share of deadly secrets , too . 
 most of the agents in the para unit did . 
 it took a certain type to hunt monsters . 
 `` he 's strong . 
 if any man can hold back a beast , it 's him . '' 
 shane exhaled on a rough sigh . 
 `` you get your gear together , and when you 're ready to go , you just tell me . '' 
 holly shook her head . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . '' 
 shane winced . 
 `` how did i know you 'd say that ? 
 shit , does this mean we 'll both be bunking down in the lab tonight ? 
 because those gurneys make for crappy beds . '' 
 she would n't be bunking anywhere . 
 she 'd be keeping an eye on duncan . 
 `` what is it with you ? '' 
 shane asked as he came a bit closer to her . 
 `` should n't you hate him ... you know ... seeing as what you are ? '' 
 that had her gaze flying right back to his . 
 `` your secret 's out , '' he murmured . 
 then he tapped his teeth . 
 `` and when duncan kissed you a minute ago , your fangs came out , too . '' 
 horrified , she slapped a hand over her mouth . 
 she had n't even felt the burn of her teeth . 
 how had that happened ? 
 she 'd been so careful , for so long . 
 `` do n't worry , '' shane assured her . 
 `` you 're not my first vamp . 
 i figure if you have n't gone for my throat by now , you are n't going to . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i-i 'm not . '' 
 her fangs had come out . 
 the karahydrelene definitely was n't in her system any longer . 
 if it was , her fangs would have stayed in check . 
 without the drug , she 'd have to learn normal control-well , normal vampire control , or she 'd give herself away to more than just shane . 
 his gaze searched hers . 
 `` how long ago did you change ? '' 
 `` it 's been a year . '' 
 it felt like so much longer . 
 `` is that why you 're here ? '' 
 his hand lifted and waved around the room . 
 `` hiding with the monsters ? '' 
 `` the prisoners are - '' he laughed then , a rough sound that she would n't have expected from him . 
 `` who says i 'm talking about the prisoners ? '' 
 she could only stare at him in surprise . 
 `` the agents ... why do you think we 're taking the cases ? '' 
 he stalked toward her , closing in . 
 `` you should look beneath the surface more often , dr. young . '' 
 his eyes ... the color seemed to deepen as she gazed at him . 
 she also realized that his southern accent-the south carolina drawl that sometimes dipped beneath his words-was gone . 
 and then he flashed his own fangs . 
 startled , no , terrified , holly jumped back . 
 she opened her mouth to scream , but had no chance . 
 shane had shoved his hand over her lips . 
 `` now why would you want to do that ? '' 
 shane whispered . 
 `` i would have thought that you 'd be thrilled to find yourself with one of your own . '' 
 his right hand was over her mouth . 
 his left wrapped around her body and pulled her close against him . 
 his body was strong . 
 powerful . 
 and his teeth ... those were the fangs of a vampire . 
 one of your own . 
 she swallowed back the lump of fear and stared up at the vampire who 'd worked beside her for months . 
 *** duncan marched into the holding room . 
 the lone light shone down from above . 
 bright . 
 stark . 
 `` it 's just for the night , '' pate said from behind him . 
 duncan looked back at him . 
 `` unless i go crazy ... '' psychotic . 
 that had been holly 's word . 
 pate waved away elias . 
 the other agent 's face tensed , but , with one last , regretful glance at duncan , he eased away . 
 pate waited until that agent had vanished , then he said , `` do you feel the wolf inside ? '' 
 yes . 
 clawing to get out . 
 duncan nodded . 
 `` when you were a wolf before , did the man inside have control , or was it the beast that ruled ? '' 
 `` the man . '' 
 he 'd still been there , no , he 'd been the beast . 
 they had n't been separate . 
 maybe they never had been . 
 my brother . 
 if his brother was a werewolf , if his father had been , then did n't that mean the beast had been in him the entire time ? 
 `` i am the wolf , '' he muttered , clenching his teeth . 
 `` and what does the wolf want ? '' 
 pate 's question was careful , emotionless . 
 duncan realized he was staring at his clenched hands . 
 he looked up and saw pate staring back at him with hard eyes . 
 `` do you want revenge ? 
 blood ? '' 
 pate demanded as he stepped closer . 
 `` or do you want her ? '' 
 he wanted it all . 
 `` connor will tell me about my family . '' 
 `` you sure you want to know ? 
 maybe some things are better left in the dark . 
 knowing that your brother has been killing for years , with no remorse - '' `` do you think i 'm like him ? '' 
 duncan cut through his words . 
 his muscles had tightened . 
 `` i think you 're a dangerous man , '' pate said softly . 
 `` but i knew that about you the moment we met . '' 
 pate turned away . 
 `` let 's see what the night brings . 
 we 'll both find out just how dangerous you can become . '' 
 suspicion had filled duncan 's heart . 
 with the news of connor , well , his whole life had changed . 
 he was n't sure what to believe now . 
 who to believe . 
 `` you should have told me , '' duncan muttered . 
 the whole time that he 'd been in the para unit , he 'd been a ticking time bomb . 
 just waiting to get bitten . 
 `` what would have been the point ? '' 
 pate asked . 
 werewolves walk the earth . 
 you could have been bitten at any moment , walking to the store or even going to a bar . '' 
 pate shrugged . 
 `` you knew we were battling paranormals . 
 the choice to join the group was yours . '' 
 the silver burned against his neck . 
 `` did you want me to change ? '' 
 the question that mattered most . 
 no , the question that mattered most was ... did you set me up to change ? 
 because he was realizing that pate would go to almost any extreme in order to get what he wanted . 
 `` having a werewolf on my team would be an advantage , '' pate said as he gave a faint nod . 
 the sonofabitch was n't even acting like the loss of duncan 's humanity was a big deal . 
 shit . 
 `` but there are other werewolves out there who could have joined the unit . 
 fully transformed werewolves who are n't psychotic . '' 
 pate lifted one brow . 
 `` so no , i did n't throw one of my own men - '' `` to the wolves ? '' 
 duncan snapped . 
 `` just so i could up my paranormal power scale for hunting . '' 
 his lips twisted into a dark smile . 
 `` trust me , i 've already got plenty of paranormal power in the unit . '' 
 was he talking about holly ? 
 or someone else ? 
 the answer was in pate 's eyes . 
 someone else . 
 `` the monsters are n't always the enemy , '' pate said as he turned away once more . 
 `` sometimes , they 're the men fighting right beside you . '' 
 then he was gone . 
 locking the door . 
 sealing duncan inside the room . 
 the light shone down from overhead . 
 duncan exhaled slowly and tried to remember a time before monsters . 
 a time when he 'd had a brother . 
 a family . 
 a life . 
 but it had all been washed away in a tide of rising blood . 
 *** `` seriously , if you keep looking at me like that , i might bite you just for the hell of it , '' shane said as his gaze narrowed on her . 
 `` do n't tempt me . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` i 'm not going for your throat . 
 i had plenty of opportunities . '' 
 he tilted his head to study her . 
 `` of course , we are all alone now . 
 the others are far away , and i bet you 'd never even have the chance to scream . '' 
 she shoved him away . 
 actually , she threw him away . 
 the guy flew back about five feet and crashed into her instrument tray . 
 he laughed as he rose . 
 his dark , rumbling laughter made goosebumps rise on her arms . 
 she glanced around desperately , looking for something wooden . 
 but when pate had made her lab , he 'd been sure to keep the wood to a minimum . 
 in case anyone found out the truth about her , he had n't wanted them going all stake crazy . 
 `` i do like a woman with bite . '' 
 shane took a step toward her . 
 holly bared her fangs at him . 
 `` take another step , and you 'll find out just how much bite i have . '' 
 he did n't take another step . 
 he just-appeared right in front of her . 
 she blinked , and he was there . 
 then he grabbed her arms . 
 held her tight . 
 `` you are just a beginner in my world . '' 
 dark . 
 deep . 
 the easy going mask was totally gone , and she stared up into his eyes , seeing the darkness that she 'd always sensed with him . 
 `` a vampire 's power comes with age . 
 your bite can never compare to mine . '' 
 in his gaze , she saw the cold promise of death . 
 `` wh-what do you want ? '' 
 his hold eased . 
 `` to keep you safe . '' 
 he pulled in a breath . 
 his fangs receded . 
 his stare started to look a bit less like the grim reaper 's . 
 `` that is my job , right ? 
 what pate told me to do ? '' 
 `` does pate know about you ? '' 
 he could n't . 
 no way . 
 he - `` of course . 
 why do you think he recruited me ? '' 
 his tongue ran over the edge of his teeth , as if checking to make sure the fangs were gone . 
 `` if you 're going after monsters , does n't it make sense to have your own paranormal arsenal to fight them ? '' 
 her heart thudded too hard in her chest . 
 `` but what i do n't understand is why pate is n't using you more . 
 why keep you here , locked away , when you could be fighting in the night with us ? '' 
 `` b-because he wants me to find a cure . 
 he wants me to be human again . '' 
 `` there is no cure for us . '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` but i 'm working on it . 
 vampirism is a virus . 
 we were created . 
 we can be cured . '' 
 `` is that pate talking or you ? '' 
 `` i - '' `` what if we do n't want to be cured ? '' 
 that was the question she 'd hoped he would n't ask . 
 in the back of her mind , she 'd wondered if pate wanted to completely eradicate all of the vampires by making them human again . 
 no choices . 
 just a cure . 
 `` pate was holding back on me . '' 
 anger beat in shane 's words . 
 now she was the one to grab him . 
 her fingers locked around his arms , and she forgot her fear . 
 `` would n't you go back , if you could ? '' 
 `` hell , no , '' he said with absolute certainty . 
 `` why do that ? 
 i 've got more power than most can ever imagine . 
 i do n't age . 
 i do n't die . 
 i can control any human i want . 
 i 'm not decomposing in a grave . 
 i 'm not - '' `` but everyone around you will die . 
 all of those you love . '' 
 her fear . 
 a muscle jerked in his jaw . 
 `` when i find someone to love , you can bet that i wo n't let her die . '' 
 there was a cold promise in his words . 
 she believed that promise . 
 `` what if she does n't want to live forever ? '' 
 he did n't speak . 
 maybe he did n't have an answer for that question . 
 `` look , shane , i need - '' the lights flickered over them . 
 flickered , then flashed off as the room sank into darkness . 
 she jerked away from shane . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 his footsteps shuffled away from her . 
 `` the generator will switch on , '' she assured him , fumbling as she made her way to the desk . 
 vampires did n't have enhanced vision like werewolves . 
 they could n't see in the dark . 
 unfortunately . 
 vampires were physically strongest during the time when their vision was weakest . 
 when the sun rose , their strength depleted . 
 that was why she tried to sleep during the day and spend all of her late nights in her lab . 
 from a few feet away , shane swore . 
 she heard a bang , as if he 'd run into something . 
 seconds ticked by , and the generator did n't come back on . 
 it should have come back on . 
 protocol was that the generator automatically took over power control in five seconds . 
 it had been thirty seconds . 
 she 'd counted every second . 
 `` it 's not coming on , '' he muttered . 
 he was farther away now , a good ten feet by the sound of things . 
 then , before she could speak , holly heard a howl . 
 a long , angry howl that seemed to shake the building . 
 `` connor said that duncan would lose everything , '' she whispered . 
 and connor 's pack of wolves had attacked the facility before . 
 were they doing it again ? 
 she rushed for the door . 
 rushed for duncan . 
 but found herself caught in shane 's tight grip . 
 *** the lone light in the room shut off . 
 the darkness came , surrounding him . 
 duncan lunged forward instinctively . 
 his hands slammed into the wall . 
 the silver burned him , and he yanked back his hands . 
 he remembered another time . 
 another place . 
 more darkness . 
 more walls that held him inside . 
 only then ... then there had been blood , too . 
 the wet blood that had slid under the door . 
 help me ! 
 duncan ! 
 he 'd heard that cry , but had n't been able to help . 
 because ... his hands lifted again . 
 slammed into the door . 
 his eyes had adjusted to the darkness , adjusted so quickly , and he could see clearly now . 
 when he 'd been blinded before ... i could n't help because i was already in the closet . 
 she locked me in . 
 the screams for help had been coming from outside of the closet . 
 from outside , where his mother had been dead . 
 where his brother had watched her die ? 
 a howl echoed from deep in the facility . 
 long , angry . 
 the beast in him wanted to respond . 
 he wanted out of that room . 
 out of the darkness . 
 his fists pounded into the door . 
 the silver burned , but he kept pounding . 
 kept pounding . 
 help me ! 
 the scream that he could still hear . 
 the door was n't giving . 
 the collar around his neck f ** king burned . 
 collared . 
 like an animal . 
 because he was . 
 the silver bit into his skin , burned hotter as if ... as if someone had increased the intensity . 
 his hands rose to his neck . 
 clawed against the collar . 
 the silver was hotter , and the collar was tightening around him . 
 now he knew why the other wolf had howled . 
 he was crying out , too , screaming and howling in fury . 
 because some bastard was torturing him in the dark . 
 and that torture , it drove the man back , even as the beast clawed for his freedom . 
 chapter nine `` let me go ! '' 
 holly yelled as she fought against shane . 
 `` i 'm supposed to keep you safe ! '' 
 but there were more howls now . 
 and those cries ... they did n't sound like the beasts were attacking . 
 it sounded as if the beasts were being attacked . 
 `` they 're hurting ! '' 
 holly told him . 
 `` duncan could be in trouble ! '' 
 `` and you have to save him ? '' 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 she kicked him as hard as she could . 
 considering her vamp strength , it was pretty damn hard . 
 `` now let me ... go ! '' 
 she head-butted him . 
 he barely grunted , and his hold just tightened . 
 `` werewolves can see in the dark . 
 the moon is full tonight . 
 they 'll be at full strength - '' more howls . 
 more pain . 
 more suffering . 
 he had to hear their agony . 
 `` do n't you get it ? 
 someone is hurting them ! '' 
 `` like the collars they wear do n't hurt ? '' 
 his cold tone mocked her . 
 `` what do you think has been happening during all of their containment time ? '' 
 `` the collars do n't make them scream like that , not unless ... '' she broke off , then whispered , `` not unless someone has increased the intensity of the silver . '' 
 `` someone who hated the wolves ? 
 bet we got a long list of folks like that at the facility . 
 especially after the last attack when so many human guards died . '' 
 someone could want payback . 
 revenge . 
 she wrenched free . 
 stumbled back to her desk . 
 holly found the collar remote that she had locked in her top drawer . 
 `` if you wo n't let me leave this room alone , then you take me to duncan . '' 
 `` now that 's a better plan . '' 
 then his hand was on her elbow as he steered her out of the med unit and through the hallway . 
 with every step , the howls become louder . 
 but even though the howls were wild and desperate in their intensity , they were the only sounds that she heard . 
 there were no shouts from the agents and guards who should have been on duty that night . 
 no rushing footsteps as people went to check on the prisoners . 
 what the hell ? 
 just howls . 
 so many howls . 
 duncan , hold on . 
 because she knew he was trapped in that darkness . 
 trapped as he 'd been before , when he 'd been just a child . 
 when he 'd waited for death to come for him . 
 *** pate ran from his office when he heard the howls . 
 `` guards ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 something was wrong . 
 the power never went off at this facility , and he could tell by their cries that the wolves were in pain . 
 no one answered his call . 
 he yanked his weapon out of its holster . 
 he knew this facility like the back of his hand . 
 no need for lights . 
 he rushed down the hallway , heading first for holly because he had to make sure his sister was alive and - `` i knew you 'd go for her first . '' 
 the voice , low and familiar , came from the dark corridor to his right . 
 pate spun around , but he moved too slowly . 
 a blast echoed around him even as a bullet drove into his chest . 
 pate hit the floor . 
 he squeezed his fingers around the trigger of his weapon and managed to fire , but he did n't know if the bullet found its target . 
 so he fired again . 
 again . 
 he fired until his gun clicked and the chamber was empty . 
 *** the gunshots froze holly in the hallway . 
 then the scent hit her . 
 blood . 
 shane stiffened . 
 `` that 's not f ** king good . '' 
 they were almost to the holding room . 
 so close . 
 and she could hear his howls . 
 `` you can follow the blood scent , '' she said , her hands clenching in the fabric of shane 's shirt . 
 `` go-find out what 's happening ! '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving you on your own . '' 
 there were no more gunshots . 
 just howls . 
 pain-filled howls erupting from duncan 's room . 
 `` i 'm not on my own , '' she told him . 
 `` i 'll be with duncan . '' 
 `` yeah , that 's the problem . 
 do you hear that guy ? 
 you go in there , and he 'll rip you apart . '' 
 `` no , he wo n't . '' 
 holly said the words with absolute certainty . 
 she trusted duncan . 
 the room 's keypad was to her right . 
 she knew the exact position of the numbers on the pad , so she typed in the code for the door quickly , then swiped her thumb over the lock . 
 the heavy door opened with a hiss . 
 `` follow the blood scent ! '' 
 holly ordered as she stepped into the room . 
 `` go ! '' 
 before he could speak , another growl sounded . 
 holly looked across the room . 
 in the back corner , she saw the glow of silver . 
 the collar . 
 and it should never be glowing so brightly like that . 
 that heavy glow meant the collar was burning at full intensity . 
 a kill level . 
 she fumbled , trying to input the necessary code into the collar 's remote . 
 she typed in the override code that she 'd created to disconnect the collar . 
 to free duncan . 
 only ... only the remote was n't working . 
 she typed the code again and again , but-nothing . 
 the only reason that code would n't work ? 
 someone had reset the system . 
 someone was trying to kill duncan . 
 trying to kill all of the werewolves in the facility . 
 payback . 
 her gaze lifted from the glowing silver around duncan 's neck , and she saw that his eyes-his eyes were glowing , too . 
 glowing with the power of his beast . 
 `` hol ... ly ... '' more a growl than her name . 
 she licked lips gone too dry . 
 her fangs had started to burn in her mouth . 
 probably due to the fear that wanted to rise in her . 
 i wo n't fear him . 
 shane came up behind her . 
 `` what the hell is happening with his collar ? '' 
 `` i think someone got in the system . 
 the wolves are all howling because they 're hurting . 
 the collars are set on full intensity . '' 
 she could feel shane behind her . 
 `` if we do n't get the intensity lowered soon , they 'll die . '' 
 `` turn his off ! '' 
 duncan 's growls were worse . 
 his eyes glowing even brighter . 
 `` i ca n't , '' she said as hurried toward duncan . 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 shane grabbed her and pulled her back . 
 duncan stopped growling . 
 stopped howling . 
 his eyes stared right at her and shane . 
 `` i do n't ... '' her words came in a weak whisper . 
 `` i do n't think you should be touching me . '' 
 because in that darkness , she could see the full fury of duncan 's stare . 
 `` and i 'm not letting him touch you , '' shane said as his grip tightened around her . 
 `` i told pate i 'd keep you safe . 
 i damn well will . 
 that collar is n't gon na let him attack me - '' a snap came from the back corner . 
 like a bone breaking or-or a collar breaking . 
 being ripped apart . 
 because the collar was n't glowing around duncan 's neck anymore . 
 two glowing chunks of silver were on the floor now . 
 `` ah , damn , '' shane muttered . 
 `` this is gon na hurt . '' 
 duncan 's glowing eyes were locked on him . 
 then duncan was coming for shane . 
 rushing forward . 
 there was a thud as their bodies hit . 
 they slammed into the floor . 
 the scent of blood rose from the men , and holly did n't know which man was hurt . 
 the werewolf ? 
 the vampire ? 
 her own fangs were out , and she was n't just going to stand there while they battled in front of her . 
 these guys , they were the good guys , were n't they ? 
 yes . 
 at least , duncan was . 
 she 'd figure shane out later . 
 so holly yelled , `` stop ! '' 
 for an instant , they did . 
 then they went right back to fighting . 
 so she reached down and wrapped her arms around a body-a body with broad shoulders and a scent that had started to haunt her . 
 duncan turned at once , and his arms curled around her , holding her tight . 
 she could feel the rage vibrating in his body , but his hold on her was controlled , so careful . 
 `` you should n't ... be here ... '' duncan gritted . 
 `` this is exactly where i need to be . '' 
 `` the moon ... '' `` it 's not all the way up yet . '' 
 not yet . 
 but close . 
 they were running out of time . 
 `` so instead of you and shane trying to beat the crap out of each other , let 's go find out who 's trying to kill the werewolves . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` the wolves ? '' 
 then his head jerked up , as if he 'd just heard their cries . 
 `` they 're howling . 
 they 're hurting . '' 
 her nails bit into his arms . 
 `` you 're an alpha . 
 an alpha takes care of the others . '' 
 your brother is out there . 
 he shuddered , then rasped , `` help ... them ... '' that 's what they had to do . 
 `` uh , you sure about this ? '' 
 shane muttered . 
 `` his collar is gone . '' 
 and the moon was rising . 
 yes , she got it . 
 but they did n't have any options . 
 `` take us to the wolves , '' holly said . 
 duncan 's fingers laced with hers . 
 he ran from the room , pulling her with him . 
 shane rushed behind them . 
 holly inhaled . 
 there was more blood . 
 so much more . 
 coming from all around them . 
 her fangs were out , fully extended , and her body was held on a razor 's edge of tension . 
 `` pate ... '' her whisper . 
 duncan was heading after his brother , and she was worried about her own . 
 `` the man knows how to take care of himself , '' shane said from behind her . 
 pate was strong , resourceful , but he was still just a man . 
 in a building full of howling werewolves and at least two vampires . 
 `` we 'll find him , '' shane told her , `` just follow your werewolf first , okay ? 
 i do n't think he can hold it together much longer . '' 
 duncan 's hold had tightened around her fingers . 
 he was pretty much dragging her behind him . 
 she rushed to keep up . 
 as they headed through the darkness , the howls began to die away . 
 one . 
 a second . 
 a third . 
 at first , those howls had chilled her , but for them to just stop ... are the wolves dead ? 
 then duncan was snarling and breaking away from her . 
 he ran forward into the darkness . 
 `` duncan ! '' 
 she yelled after him and blindly raced straight ahead . 
 metal shrieked . 
 bent . 
 shane swore . 
 then-then there was a faint glint of light . 
 a hum broke the air and the generator finally switched on . 
 the backup lights were fainter as the power ran low , but holly was so happy to be able to see again that she was n't about to complain . 
 her legs pumped faster as she ran . 
 the door to containment area five had been busted down , courtesy of duncan . 
 he was inside that room now . 
 she could hear his snarls and also hear - `` stop ! '' 
 that voice-elias ? 
 she hurried into the room . 
 saw that connor was still in his cell , but he was on the floor , lying facedown . 
 he did n't even seem to be breathing . 
 duncan was on the other side of the area , and he had knocked elias off his feet . 
 as she stared in horror , holly saw duncan 's hands-his claws-go for elias 's throat . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 elias yelled . 
 `` dammit , duncan , it 's me ! 
 do n't ! '' 
 but those claws were inches away from the agent 's throat . 
 holly leapt across the room and tried to wrench him away from elias . 
 `` do n't attack him ! '' 
 too late . 
 his claws slashed across elias 's neck even as holly and shane yanked duncan back . 
 the scent of the blood flooded through holly 's nostrils . 
 `` kill ... '' duncan growled and he fought against her and shane . 
 duncan slung shane across the room , and the vampire rammed into the side of connor 's cell . 
 then duncan 's hands wrapped around holly 's shoulders . 
 her eyes widened as she stared up at him . 
 his gaze glowed so brightly that the sight of it stole her breath . 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 holly whispered . 
 `` that 's elias you 're attacking . 
 he 's on our side . '' 
 elias was n't armed . 
 did n't have any weapon at all that she could see . 
 he was n't trying to fight back . 
 he just huddled on the floor , with his hand over his throat . 
 his eyes were on duncan , and , there was no mistaking the horror in his gaze . 
 `` kill ... '' duncan snarled again , and he tried to toss her aside . 
 she was n't in the mood to be tossed . 
 so she stared right back into his too-bright eyes . 
 stared as hard as she could and said , `` stop . '' 
 she was using her vampire control , the power that she 'd never wanted to exert over him , but she could n't let him kill another agent . 
 this was n't duncan . 
 this was the beast . 
 the glow of his eyes burned even brighter as he stiffened . 
 but he did n't move . 
 did n't try to rush toward elias . 
 `` wh-what 's happening ? '' 
 elias demanded . 
 the claws had n't sliced him too deeply or he would n't be speaking then . 
 good . 
 they were lucky . 
 if she and shane had n't both been pulling duncan back , he could have slashed the agent 's throat wide open . 
 `` someone took over the controls on the collars . '' 
 someone got into our computer system . 
 disabled the power , generator , and monitors . 
 and that someone tried to kill the wolves . 
 duncan 's hands were still wrapped around her wrists . 
 she could feel the edge of his claws . 
 `` is your control back ? '' 
 holly asked him carefully . 
 he just stared at her . 
 glared at her . 
 `` i 'll take that as a no . '' 
 crap . 
 an alarm started to sound then , a high-pitched wail . 
 but the wolves did n't start howling again . 
 connor was n't moving at all , but above the scent of elias 's blood , holly could smell the acrid odor of ... burned flesh . 
 `` stay here , '' holly whispered to duncan , pushing with her compulsion , then she eased away from him . 
 shane was at her side instantly , shadowing her . 
 she pointed toward elias . 
 `` can you help him ? '' 
 without taking a bite ? 
 his lips tightened . 
 `` newborn , '' he whispered for her ears alone , `` i know how to stay in control . '' 
 she hoped so . 
 holly made short work of opening connor 's cell . 
 she glanced over at duncan . 
 he watched her with his wild gaze , but he did n't move . 
 could n't move ? 
 the power of compulsion was a dangerous thing . 
 it would be so easy to misuse . 
 she knew plenty of vampires had misused their power to torture and kill , that was why many of them were housed in purgatory . 
 `` wh-why is n't duncan attacking ? '' 
 elias asked . 
 holly glanced over and saw him pushing to his feet . 
 `` because she 's not letting him , '' shane said without looking away from duncan . 
 ah , he knew exactly where the threat was . 
 like her , he must wonder just how long that control would last over duncan . 
 she crept into the cell . 
 `` that 's a bad idea , '' shane called out . 
 `` do n't get too close to the beast ! '' 
 `` i 'm a doctor . '' 
 holly took another tentative step forward . 
 `` i ca n't just let someone die in front of me . '' 
 she knew that with every passing second , the moon was rising higher in the sky . 
 when the moon reached its zenith , that was when the wolf would be at his strongest . 
 connor did n't move as she eased toward him . 
 the silver had definitely burned him . 
 she could see the faint tendrils of smoke still rising from the collar . 
 unlike duncan , connor had n't been strong enough to break the collar . 
 `` who did this ? '' 
 holly whispered . 
 then , louder , `` shane , you need to check the other wolves ! '' 
 `` th-that 's why i came in ... '' elias said , voice breaking . 
 `` i heard his ... howls ... '' she could hear no sounds at all coming from connor . 
 he did n't seem to be breathing . 
 holly 's fingers slipped toward the silver collar , toward his neck - and , in an instant , he was on his feet . 
 on his feet , with one arm locked around her and with his claws at her throat . 
 `` you should have stayed back . '' 
 his body trembled against hers , but his hold was incredibly strong . 
 she tried to yank away from him , but his claws cut over her skin . 
 the wet warmth of her blood trickled down her neck . 
 `` i thought the fbi was n't supposed ... to be ... in for torture ... '' the arm around her waist tightened . 
 `` guess it does n't count ... when it 's just against ... the animals ? '' 
 she tried to press back against him , attempting to move her neck away from his claws . 
 `` i did n't do this ! 
 i 'm here to help you ! '' 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 he turned her body , positioning them so that they stared through the cell 's bars-and right at a silent duncan . 
 `` you wanted him to be top dog in this town , so you were getting rid of the competition . '' 
 she tried to shake her head . 
 when she felt the slice of claws on her skin , holly froze . 
 `` i do n't - do n't care about who is alpha ... '' his head bent toward hers . 
 `` you should , '' he whispered . 
 `` because only the alpha will be able to save you . '' 
 `` let ... her ... go ... '' duncan 's order . 
 growled . 
 barely human . 
 `` come make me , '' connor taunted . 
 duncan did n't move . 
 because she 'd told him to stay back ? 
 her stupid compulsion ? 
 now connor was the one to growl . 
 `` vampire . 
 i know what you did . '' 
 she felt the angry rumble behind her . 
 `` you think he 's your ... dog ... on a leash ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 no , she had n't thought that . 
 she 'd just been trying to stop duncan from killing elias . 
 connor spun her around . 
 yanked her up on her toes . 
 glared down at her . 
 and that was when she realized that his collar was n't glowing anymore . 
 not at all . 
 deactivated . 
 there was nothing to hold him back now . 
 `` you do n't control us , '' he snapped at her . 
 `` we destroy you . '' 
 then he lifted his hand , and she knew he was going to cut open her throat . 
 maybe even take her head . 
 that would sure teach her to play good samaritan . 
 since she was n't in the mood to lose her head . 
 holly slammed into him with all of her might . 
 she kicked and punched with her vampire strength . 
 he stumbled back , just a few steps , and she used that opportunity to race for the entrance to his cell . 
 `` duncan ! '' 
 holly yelled . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 and he was there . 
 bellowing his fury . 
 pulling her against him , holding her tight . 
 shane was right behind him , with fangs bared . 
 `` mine , '' duncan gritted as he pushed her behind him . 
 `` you do n't hurt ... mine . '' 
 a little late for that part . 
 her throbbing neck told her that , yes , she 'd most definitely been hurt . 
 but then bones began to snap . 
 duncan was shifting . 
 connor was shifting . 
 their bones popped and bent . 
 reshaped . 
 fur exploded along their bodies . 
 `` we need to get out of here , '' shane said . 
 `` now . '' 
 then he was hauling her out of striking distance . 
 once she was clear of the cell , shame slammed the door closed . 
 the wolves were locked inside . 
 and they were wolves now . 
 fully transformed . 
 fully beasts . 
 completely pissed off as they faced each other . 
 brothers should n't battle like this . 
 `` no , '' holly whispered . 
 `` we need to get duncan out of there . '' 
 shane caught her hands . 
 `` his wolf needs to prove he 's alpha , or you 're a dead woman . '' 
 `` i 'm a vampire , i 'm already dead . '' 
 was n't that the way the story went ? 
 but duncan was n't dead . 
 `` he needs - '' the wolves were attacking each other . 
 claws were flashing , snarls filled the air , and the scent of blood deepened . 
 duncan was about to kill his own brother , and even if connor was a psychotic ass ** le , she could n't let duncan carry this weight on his shoulders . 
 she leapt forward and yanked open the cell door . 
 shane shoved it closed again in an instant . 
 she shoved him . 
 `` okay , you 're older than me , stronger , but you will not stop me from helping duncan ! 
 he needs me ! '' 
 she pointed toward the door . 
 `` you 're an agent-where are all the humans ? 
 why are the wolves so quiet ? 
 go help them . '' 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` and leave duncan to me . '' 
 a muscle flexed in his jaw . 
 but he knew something was wrong in the facility , just as she did . 
 `` are you going to let them all die ? '' 
 holly pushed . 
 the answer was on his face . 
 no , he was n't . 
 `` do n't get yourself killed , '' he ordered , then he ran from the room . 
 `` i ca n't make that promise , '' she whispered . 
 elias scrambled out after shane . 
 and she opened the cell door and prepared to walk between two werewolves . 
 *** leaving a woman on her own with two snarling werewolves was n't exactly the way shane would normally operate . 
 but the situation was n't normal . 
 pate should have come to find them by now . 
 the guy had n't showed , and there was only one reason why pate would n't be searching for his little sister . 
 because he 's dead . 
 shane inhaled deeply . 
 he caught the scent of blood and ran faster . 
 or close to dead . 
 he 'd heard a gunshot before . 
 two blasts . 
 the wolves in that place would be fighting with fangs and claws , but any humans there-like pate-would be using guns . 
 shane whirled around a corner . 
 he 'd headed back toward holly 's lab . 
 he took another turn and - saw pate 's body slumped in the hallway . 
 a thick pool of blood was around him . 
 hell , no . 
 he sank to his knees beside pate . 
 the director 's breath rasped out , weak , and pate groaned when shane touched him . 
 too much blood . 
 humans were n't equipped to survive this kind of attack . 
 it was a good thing that pate was n't exactly human . 
 shane bit his wrist and forced his blood into pate 's mouth . 
 pate 's eyelids flickered , but he took the blood . 
 the guy knew better than to fight in a situation like this . 
 he 'd give him a little more blood , get pate to tell him what the hell had happened and - he heard the faint rustle of a footstep behind him . 
 `` i knew you were n't human . '' 
 fuck . 
 he lunged up and whirled to face the threat . 
 but a wooden bullet sank into his chest . 
 chapter ten `` stop fighting ! '' 
 holly yelled . 
 and holly 's blood ... the scent was around him . 
 driving him insane . 
 the bastard before him had dared to use his claws against her skin . 
 he 'd cut her . 
 would have killed her . 
 duncan swiped his claws over the back of the other wolf . 
 a wolf that was big , muscled , with dark black fur . 
 a wolf that looked just like his own altered form , except for his eyes . 
 connor leapt back . 
 duncan 's muscles tightened as he prepared to lunge for the wolf again . 
 only holly jumped between them . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 fury hardened her voice . 
 `` do n't you realize that someone is hunting us all ? 
 connor , you were n't the only one attacked tonight . 
 duncan was , too . '' 
 attacked . 
 locked in the dark . 
 locked in a prison too like the one that haunted his past . 
 and then the silver had started to burn him . 
 the silver collar still circled connor 's neck , but the silver did n't glow . 
 connor paced near the back of the cell , never taking his eyes off duncan . 
 duncan stalked forward . 
 his body bumped into holly . 
 move back . 
 he did n't want her to watch this battle . 
 she already saw him as enough of an animal , but he could n't let the threat to her continue . 
 then he heard the crack of thunder . 
 no , not thunder , a shot . 
 he saw the jerk of connor 's head and knew that his brother had heard the sound , too . 
 i came in here to save him . 
 he 'd heard connor 's cries , and his instinct had been to protect . 
 but then connor had turned on holly . 
 on him . 
 as he always would . 
 holly had been right . 
 connor was psychotic . 
 am i ? 
 `` someone else is hunting , '' holly said . 
 her fingers sank into the fur on duncan 's back . 
 `` please , we have to go help the others . 
 we ca n't stay here . '' 
 her breath rushed out . 
 `` and i ca n't let you kill your own brother . '' 
 why not ? 
 his brother had made it clear that duncan was on his hit list . 
 `` duncan ? 
 are you in there ? '' 
 then she dropped to her knees . 
 brought herself too close to his fangs . 
 that scent-her blood-had him snarling . 
 `` control your wolf . 
 help me . '' 
 he could n't pull back . 
 there was no changing into a man now . 
 the beast was in power , and duncan did n't even know how to go back from this point . 
 but ... but he could still help her . 
 carefully , he put his body between hers and connor 's . 
 then he edged back with her , making sure that he protected her with every step as they headed for the cell door . 
 one step . 
 another . 
 connor was n't following . 
 he was just watching them , with his head cocked to the side . 
 he told me that i would lose her . 
 that i would lose everything . 
 duncan was n't in the mood to lose . 
 he pushed holly back through the cell door . 
 then he followed her . 
 connor stood inside the cell . 
 `` come on , '' holly said . 
 `` we have to find pate . '' 
 duncan turned away from the cell as holly locked the door , caging connor once again . 
 then he ran with her toward the exit . 
 for every step that she took , he was by her side . 
 connor howled after him . 
 the call was a challenge . 
 duncan ignored him . 
 even the wolf that he was knew some things were more important than fighting . 
 holly . 
 she was what mattered . 
 so he ran with her . 
 he followed the scents that flooded his nose . 
 she 'd gone with him to find his brother-a battle that will come again-and now it was time for him to find pate . 
 it did n't take long to find the other man . 
 they went back toward the lab , running quickly , and when holly saw pate 's prone body sprawled on the floor , a wild cry broke from her . 
 then she was diving down beside him . 
 both pate and shane were on that floor . 
 they were n't moving , and there was so much blood around them . 
 too much . 
 a trap . 
 a trap that shane had been caught in as he rushed to pate 's aid . 
 duncan spun around , his strong senses picking up the other presence in that hallway . 
 then he saw the gun . 
 aimed at holly . 
 he rushed at the attacker . 
 a bullet plowed into his body when he jumped into the air , but there was no burn so he knew that the bullet was n't made of silver . 
 your mistake . 
 the wound did n't slow him down . 
 the shooter fired again , and that bullet missed duncan entirely . 
 his claws sank into the shooter 's shoulders , and he took the bastard down , just as he 'd taken the man down when he 'd found him near connor 's cell . 
 elias hit the floor with a thud . 
 `` i 'm doing ... what you wanted ... helping you ! '' 
 no , the bastard was killing . 
 his claws drove deeper into elias 's shoulders . 
 `` it 's too late , '' elias said . 
 then the alarm finally stopped . 
 silence . 
 perfect . 
 deep . 
 he could hear holly 's desperate breaths-and the faint hitch that signaled her pain . 
 her pain ? 
 his head whipped around . 
 holly had sagged against the wall . 
 the second bullet . 
 shit . 
 it had slammed into her . 
 her eyes were closed . 
 she slumped to the floor . 
 a slow hiss slipped from the ceiling . 
 a new scent filled the air . 
 acrid . 
 thick . 
 `` pate had a backup security system in place . 
 did you know that ? 
 gas ... to knock out the paranormals , in case they ever overpowered the humans . '' 
 the gas was pumping down now . 
 choking duncan . 
 he wrenched away from elias . 
 `` it 'll ... '' elias heaved out a hard breath . 
 `` knock us ... all out ... when you wake up ... they 'll be dead ... '' the f ** k , no . 
 he rushed toward holly . 
 `` all ... dead ... '' elias whispered behind him , his own voice slurring . 
 `` then you 'll ... be next . '' 
 no , he would n't be . 
 his gaze was locked on holly . 
 not moving . 
 if the bullet was wooden , then she would n't move until he dug it out of her heart-if it had hit her heart . 
 `` maybe ... you 'll ... be now ... '' elias rasped . 
 duncan spun back to face him . 
 saw that elias had that gun of his up again . 
 no more . 
 the beast took over totally then . 
 he launched at elias . 
 ripped . 
 bit . 
 clawed . 
 and elias was dead before his head slammed back into the floor . 
 *** she ... hurt . 
 holly tried to open her eyes . 
 she was being pulled-dragged ? 
 - by someone , and there was a tight pressure on her shoulder . 
 not just pressure . 
 pain . 
 like knives were digging into her . 
 she tried to lift her arm and fight her attacker , but she just touched heavy fur . 
 and she smelled an animal . 
 fear had adrenaline pulsing through her . 
 she screamed and sank her fingers into the fur . 
 a wolf growled at her . 
 then she saw his eyes . 
 those glowing eyes that only belonged to duncan . 
 the knifes in her shoulder had been his teeth . 
 he 'd been dragging her . 
 they were ... outside now . 
 she sucked in fresh air and wondered why her throat burned . 
 beside her , his body heaved . 
 she tried to sit up , but could n't . 
 she was so damn weak that her body just slumped sideways . 
 she saw the flash of lights in the distance . 
 cars , rushing toward them . 
 what in the hell was happening ? 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 she tried to reach for him again , but he backed away from her . 
 `` duncan , change back . '' 
 the wolf stared at her . 
 her heart beat faster , and she became aware of her other wounds then , especially the bullet wound . 
 elias had shot her . 
 and pate . 
 and shane . 
 but at least elias had been a crappy shot . 
 if his bullet had gone into her heart-and it had been a wooden bullet-her body would have instantly shut down . 
 all the better for him to come and take her head . 
 her heartbeat shook her chest . 
 `` what happened to them ? 
 why are we outside ? '' 
 her brother had been so still . 
 she 'd tried to help him , but elias had shot her . 
 then the air had started to smell funny . 
 gas . 
 duncan was still backing away from her . 
 still staying in animal form . 
 goosebumps rose on her arms . 
 she could hear the sound of footsteps now . 
 pounding toward them . 
 who was coming ? 
 what was happening ? 
 she looked straight up and saw that the moon was almost to the zenith point . 
 oh , no . 
 oh , hell , no , that was n't good . 
 `` get away from the woman ! '' 
 a hard voice shouted . 
 her gaze jerked to the left . 
 she recognized the faces of a few of the guards who 'd just run toward them . 
 where had the guards been when all hell broke loose inside the facility ? 
 and were these guys on their side ... or had they been working with elias ? 
 duncan growled at them . 
 `` werewolf , '' she heard one of the men say . 
 wait , that was brent , one of the newer agents in the unit . 
 she 'd patched him up after a particularly bloody mission a few weeks ago . 
 `` dr. young , do n't move ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` we 'll take him out ! '' 
 brent lifted his gun . 
 he was going to fire at duncan . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she stumbled toward duncan and wrapped her arms around the wolf . 
 duncan 's muscles were hard beneath her hands . 
 `` get away from him ! '' 
 brent shouted . 
 `` i got the call at home from elias ... i know he 's gone rogue . 
 he 's killing-and we wo n't let him kill you ! '' 
 is that what elias had done ? 
 set duncan up for murder ? 
 why ? 
 `` it 's not like that , '' holly yelled , refusing to budge . 
 duncan 's throat was vibrating with a growl . 
 with rage . 
 that moon was so close to the zenith . 
 `` just lower your weapons , and i can explain ! '' 
 there were half a dozen men there and ... `` they 're dead inside ! '' 
 a man shouted , running toward them . 
 his voice broke . 
 `` all of them ... the other agents and guards are all dead . 
 they 've been ripped open ! '' 
 no . 
 no , that was n't possible . 
 but i smelled the blood . 
 brent stepped toward them . 
 he still had his gun up . 
 `` get away from him , doctor . '' 
 `` it 's duncan ! '' 
 `` not right now , it is n't . 
 it 's a werewolf . 
 one with blood on his claws and blood staining his fangs . '' 
 because their flashlights were centered on her and duncan . 
 she knew they both had to look like walking nightmares . 
 `` dr. young ... '' brent 's voice had tightened . 
 `` are those ... fangs in your mouth ? '' 
 no , it was freaking candy . 
 she snapped her teeth together . 
 `` get back . '' 
 then she stood fully , trying to shield duncan with her body . 
 `` drop your guns ! '' 
 they all lifted the weapons . 
 duncan snarled . 
 six weapons . 
 all pointed at her . 
 all ready to fire . 
 why ? 
 because she had pointy teeth ? 
 or maybe because she had a werewolf at her side ? 
 a werewolf who would not be smart and just stay behind her . 
 `` i can explain all of this , '' she said , and the words were mostly true . 
 she could explain some of this , if she had the chance . 
 `` do n't ... fuckin ' ... aim at my ... sister ! '' 
 pate 's voice . 
 pate 's wonderful , angry voice . 
 her shoulders slumped . 
 he was alive . 
 yes . 
 pate would make everything right again . 
 `` shoot the ... wolf ... '' pate continued as he shuffled forward . 
 `` not ... her ... '' what ? 
 `` no ! '' 
 but duncan had leapt away from her . 
 so i would n't be a target . 
 and gunfire was erupting . 
 the wolf dodged the bullets and raced away from the men . 
 she screamed , but the wolf did n't stop . 
 she did n't blame him . 
 not with bullets chasing him . 
 then the men were running after him . 
 and he-he was vanishing into the night . 
 she wanted to chase after him , too , but her body felt cold and numb and when her knees gave way , she sank to the ground . 
 `` help her ! '' 
 pate barked . 
 but there was no help for her . 
 her body was so cold , and duncan was gone . 
 he 'd vanished , and the gunfire was quiet now . 
 at least he 'd gotten away . 
 but what would happen to him ? 
 `` holly ? '' 
 she forced her eyes to stay open as she looked up at pate . 
 blood covered him . 
 how was he there ? 
 she 'd seen the bullet wounds to his chest . 
 she knew the damage they 'd done . 
 humans would die from injuries like those . 
 they would n't be walking around minutes later . 
 `` how ... long ... '' holly whispered . 
 brent was there . 
 lifting her into his arms . 
 `` is she supposed to be this cold ? '' 
 `` no , she 's going to need blood . 
 a lot of it . '' 
 pate put his hand on her cheek . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 've got you now . 
 you know your kind ca n't afford this much blood loss . '' 
 no , they could n't . 
 to kill a vampire , you had to either cut off the vamp 's head or drain all of the vampire 's blood away . 
 the easy trick for getting the vampire in the position that you could do those things ? 
 paralyze the vamp with a wooden bullet . 
 but in order to paralyze the vampire , the bullet had to go straight into the heart . 
 elias had missed her heart , but he 'd sure nicked vital organs and made the blood gush from her . 
 she 'd tried to stay strong for as long as she could . 
 but she was too weak now . 
 `` i 'll take care of you , '' pate whispered . 
 she did n't believe him . 
 and , staring at him then , she did n't trust him , either . 
 she 'd risked her life for pate , died for him , and now , she could only ask , `` how long ... have you been a-a vampire ? '' 
 because she could see the edge of his fangs . 
 all emotion drained away from his face . 
 the man she 'd known was gone . 
 he stared down at her as a stranger . 
 `` long enough . '' 
 she realized that the world she 'd known was a total lie . 
 then she was being carried away . 
 she could n't fight . 
 could barely even lift her hand . 
 behind her , she heard a wolf howl . 
 but the howl was so far away . 
 *** holly paced her living room . 
 again and again . 
 as soon as she 'd gotten an infusion of blood-okay , four infusions-she 'd run away from pate . 
 he 'd let her go . 
 probably because he knew there was no place she could escape to that he could n't follow . 
 pate ... a vampire ? 
 how had she not known about him ? 
 why had n't he told her ? 
 had he been a vampire that night , when she 'd been so desperate to save him ? 
 by that time , had he already been changed ? 
 no wonder he was so keen for her to find a cure . 
 the guy must have been using her karahydrelene , too . 
 her hand lifted and smoothed over the wound on her chest . 
 well , not really a wound any longer . 
 it had healed as she ingested the blood . 
 the para unit 's containment facility in the woods was being shut down . 
 the order had come from above . 
 the place had been deemed too unsecure and dangerous . 
 only one prisoner was still alive in that building-and connor was due to be immediately transferred to purgatory . 
 the other wolves-even saul-had all died from silver poisoning . 
 their collars had been cranked up to full power . 
 and as for duncan ... he was a wanted man . 
 werewolf . 
 pate was searching the city for him , and duncan was assumed to be a deadly threat . 
 when the power went out , six more guards had been killed in the containment facility . 
 so many lives ... lost . 
 and all six of those men had been killed by a werewolf 's claws . 
 only the werewolves had been killed , too . 
 except for connor . 
 but it seemed connor had never made it out of his cell , so he could n't be responsible for all of those deaths . 
 every sign pointed to the fact that elias had been the one to hijack the system and take control of the collars , but he was n't a werewolf . 
 he could n't have killed the humans in the facility . 
 so who had ? 
 she knew pate thought it was duncan . 
 she 'd told her brother , again and again , that duncan had been in his cell . 
 but he did n't believe her . 
 he seemed to think that duncan had escaped and gone on a rampage . 
 he had no trust in duncan . 
 and she was n't exactly big on trusting her brother any longer . 
 when did you change , pate ? 
 when ? 
 shane could n't back her up . 
 because he was dead . 
 too much blood loss . 
 so said pate . 
 another lie ? 
 could a vampire as old as shane die that easily , that quickly ? 
 at this point , holly was n't sure if pate even knew how to tell the truth any longer . 
 holly paced toward her window . 
 it had been fixed , probably by one of pate 's men , and she stared down at the street below . 
 would duncan run ? 
 get out of the city ? 
 she heard the faint rustle of a footstep behind her . 
 holly 's eyes squeezed shut . 
 he would n't run . 
 `` you should n't be here , '' she said without turning around . 
 her eyes opened . 
 `` you know he 'll be watching my house . '' 
 her breath rasped out . 
 `` pate thinks you killed the humans at the facility . 
 he 's hunting you . '' 
 her hands clenched into fists . 
 `` leave now , before he comes . '' 
 the floor creaked . 
 `` please , '' she whispered . 
 `` i do n't even know what 's going on . 
 pate is n't the man i thought . '' 
 no one was who she thought these days . 
 the floor creaked again . 
 she could feel him coming closer to her . 
 feel the warmth of his body seeming to reach out for her . 
 and she could smell him . 
 the rich , slightly wild , masculine scent that was pure duncan . 
 she remembered the first time she 'd seen him . 
 he 'd come into her lab . 
 looked so intense . 
 dangerous . 
 his fingers brushed over her arm . 
 fingers.not paws . 
 he 'd shifted back into the form of a man . 
 `` holly ... '' he said her name with such need . 
 she whirled toward him . 
 and saw that the wolf was n't completely gone . 
 his eyes still shined with the beast 's power . 
 his face seemed sharper than before . 
 his cheeks more hollow . 
 his lips a bit more cruel . 
 and his fangs were out . 
 hers were n't . 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 his hand rose . 
 his fingers brushed over her cheek , and an expression of confusion flickered over his face . 
 `` you need to leave , '' she told him , voice husky . 
 he gave a hard , negative shake of his head . 
 `` need ... you . '' 
 then his head was bending toward her neck . 
 holly held herself perfectly still , not afraid of him , but afraid of what was happening between them . 
 their relationship was dangerous . 
 the world around them was spinning out of control . 
 he should be cutting town and not looking back . 
 instead , he 'd come for her . 
 his breath blew lightly over her skin . 
 her hands rose to his shoulders and her fingers curled around him . 
 `` duncan , you have to - '' his mouth closed over her , right there where her neck met the curve of her shoulder . 
 she tensed , expecting pain , a bite , but he licked her flesh . 
 a wave of heat rose inside her . 
 `` need ... '' duncan muttered again . 
 `` you . '' 
 and she needed him . 
 the sharp edge of his teeth raked over her skin , but he did n't hurt her . 
 had he ever ? 
 then his hands were on her shirt . 
 he yanked , and the fabric tore . 
 he tossed the material away . 
 shoved down her pants . 
 he lifted her into his arms . 
 `` ca n't think of anything ... else ... only you . '' 
 right then , he was all that mattered to her . 
 `` i was afraid i would n't see you again . '' 
 her confession . 
 `` i 'll never leave you . '' 
 the promise was a man 's , not a beast 's . 
 then they were in her bedroom . 
 the lights were off . 
 like her wolf needed light to see . 
 the mattress dipped beneath them . 
 she expected wild , hot sex . 
 he was coming off the full moon rush . 
 everyone had said this would be him at his most dangerous but ... but he was so careful with her now . 
 as if he were afraid she could n't handle him . 
 silly werewolf . 
 was he forgetting what she really was ? 
 his fingers pushed down her panties . 
 tugged away her bra . 
 then he was licking her . 
 licking her ni ** les . 
 sucking the tight peaks . 
 driving her out of her mind . 
 her nails clawed down his back as she tried to force him to go faster . 
 she did n't need this slow build-up . 
 she needed him . 
 all of him . 
 holly did n't know how much time they had . 
 but he would n't hurry . 
 he parted her legs . 
 put one hand on each thigh . 
 then he put his mouth on her . 
 the first orgasm caught her by surprise . 
 holly had n't expected it to come so fast , but he licked her , stroked her with his tongue right on her clit , then pulled back , only to repeat that sensuous pattern and the release hit her , slamming into her . 
 but he did n't stop . 
 he kept tasting her . 
 stroking . 
 learning every inch of her body . 
 when she tried to lunge up and grab him , he just caught her hands in one of his and pushed her back on the bed . 
 there was no stopping him . 
 no controlling him . 
 he was set on exploring every inch of her body . 
 claiming every inch ? 
 her breath panted out and she took the pleasure that he gave her . 
 her sex was aching , so eager to feel the surge of his c ** k within her . 
 but he was n't coming close enough to her . 
 damn him . 
 `` duncan ! '' 
 his head lifted . 
 he licked his lips , as if still tasting her . 
 his eyes locked on hers . 
 `` only ... you . '' 
 his dark growl . 
 then he flipped her over on the bed . 
 lifted her onto her knees . 
 her hands were free , and they grabbed for the bedding , clenching around the sheets . 
 he was behind her . 
 covering her . 
 he moved back her hair , and put his mouth on the curve of her shoulder once more . 
 `` no going back , '' he said again , the words darker , sending a shiver over her . 
 she arched back against him just as his teeth sank into her skin . 
 shocked , she cried out even as he thrust inside of her . 
 the pain from his bite faded almost instantly as he licked over the wound , and then he was thrusting , withdrawing , driving in deeper and harder-finally-and the lust and need spiraled inside of her . 
 but ... i know what he did . 
 she knew what his bite meant . 
 it had n't been like a vampire 's bite . 
 when a werewolf bit in that spot , the mark was a claiming . 
 the bed creaked beneath them . 
 her fingers tightened on the bedding . 
 the way he was thrusting into her , his c ** k slid right against the most sensitive part of her body , and , oh , it felt so good . 
 he felt good . 
 right . 
 incredible . 
 this time , the climax built in a fast and furious rush . 
 her whole body tightened because that pleasure was there , just out of her reach . 
 she drove back against him , slamming down because she wanted all of him . 
 he gave her all . 
 his hands were on her waist now . 
 holding her tight . 
 moving her so that she had to take him in even deeper . 
 that was just what she wanted . 
 her fangs were coming out . 
 an instinctive response that did n't embarrass her . 
 why would it ? 
 her lover had fangs of his own . 
 i want a bite . 
 he 'd claimed her . 
 it seemed only fair that she get her turn ? 
 `` duncan , i need ... '' `` what ? 
 anything . 
 i 'll give ... anything . '' 
 a promise . 
 her right hand rose . 
 grabbed his wrist , yanked his fingers away from her waist . 
 she had to bite him . 
 it was n't something that she could control . 
 not anymore . 
 the urge was too dark . 
 too consuming . 
 holly lifted his wrist to her mouth . 
 she sank her teeth into his vein . 
 `` yes ... '' his hiss . 
 his thrusts became even harder . 
 she loved it . 
 she drank from him as she came , exploding on a release so powerful that her heart seemed to stop for a moment . 
 her eyes squeezed shut , and the pleasure swamped her . 
 duncan was there with her . 
 coming hard because she felt the jet of his release . 
 holding her , curving his body around hers . 
 his heart did n't stop . 
 the thunder of his heartbeat seemed to surround her . 
 he was all that she knew in that instant . 
 all that she wanted . 
 the rest of the world could just fade away then . 
 she had duncan . 
 she had everything . 
 his heartbeat was thundering ... thundering ... and sirens were wailing . 
 her eyes widened . 
 his wrist was n't at her mouth any longer . 
 she did n't even know when she 'd let him go . 
 she could still taste the rich flavor of his blood . 
 within her , duncan was hard again , already , but the sirens seemed so loud . 
 were they coming for duncan ? 
 he 'd tensed behind her . 
 she looked over her shoulder . 
 saw the lust and need and ... growing fury in his gaze . 
 then he started to thrust again . 
 the breath caught in holly 's lungs . 
 because now the intensity was different . 
 so dark and focused . 
 consuming . 
 the sirens were wailing , growing ever closer , and she was staring into duncan 's eyes as he thrust deep into her . 
 but it was n't enough . 
 not for her . 
 she tried to twist against him , wanting to face him fully . 
 needing to . 
 his hands locked around her . 
 held her tight . 
 he thrust harder . 
 she shook her head , `` i want - '' everything . 
 then they were rolling across the bed . 
 she ignored the screams of the sirens . 
 this moment , it was too tense , too sharp . 
 she was on her back . 
 he was between her legs . 
 plunging into her . 
 possessing her . 
 every stroke seemed like a brand on her . 
 and she wanted another bite . 
 wanted his blood in her . 
 wanted to bind them . 
 link them . 
 i want to claim him , too . 
 then his neck was near her mouth . 
 her lips feathered over his skin . 
 `` bite . '' 
 his sharp snarl . 
 and she did . 
 because she was n't a human anymore , and the vampire that she was wanted his blood as much as she wanted his body . 
 the rush she got then was incredible . 
 a climax that shattered her even as the lights from the swarming vehicles lit her home . 
 duncan kept thrusting . 
 then , once more , his release erupted within her . 
 car doors slammed . 
 the siren finally stopped wailing . 
 then she could hear the thud of racing footsteps . 
 duncan did n't let her go . 
 run . 
 the cry was in her head , but she was holding him tight . 
 she forced her mouth away from his throat . 
 she could compel him to run . 
 make him leave . 
 there might still be time for him to get away . 
 holly looked into his eyes . 
 she realized that she could force him to do nothing . 
 `` this is how they take me , '' he said . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . '' 
 those footsteps were growing closer . 
 he pressed a kiss to her lips . 
 `` you 're mine . '' 
 and he was hers . 
 `` do n't forget it . '' 
 `` holly ! '' 
 her brother 's cry , and it sounded as though it came from her living room . 
 he was going to find them together . 
 naked . 
 duncan would n't have a chance . 
 `` why ? '' 
 why had he done this ? 
 why not run ? 
 `` because i had to be with you . '' 
 his smile was a bit twisted . 
 `` before they sent me to hell . '' 
 she would n't let them . 
 duncan was n't going to hell . 
 no , he could n't - he pulled away from her . 
 she grabbed for the sheets even as he yanked on his jeans . 
 then pate was in the doorway . 
 men in black were behind him . 
 they had their guns out . 
 all of the weapons were aimed at duncan and her . 
 `` do n't shoot my sister , '' pate ordered . 
 she jumped from the bed . 
 kept the sheet around her . 
 `` you 're making a mistake ! 
 i told you ... duncan was protecting us ! 
 he did n't hurt anyone ! '' 
 but duncan just stared at pate , and he laughed . 
 `` how are you going to take me in ? '' 
 pate 's chin lifted . 
 `` the guns are loaded with silver . '' 
 duncan moved to stand in front of holly . 
 `` then take your best shot , and while you 're doing that ... '' duncan raised his claws and said , `` i 'll take mine . '' 
 this was n't happening . 
 `` you 've been playing some kind of game with us all , pate , '' duncan said , the words snapping . 
 `` i thought we were supposed to be making the world a better place , but it seems like you were just using us all , even the monsters . '' 
 the men behind pate were looking nervous . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 duncan asked him as he inhaled . 
 `` because i 've noticed that you sure do n't smell human . '' 
 pate shook his head-then lunged across the room in a move so fast that he looked like a blur . 
 holly gasped because in less than a second 's time , pate stood with one hand wrapped around duncan 's throat and with his other hand holding a gun right against duncan 's heart . 
 `` you 're screwing things up for me , '' pate bit out . 
 `` why the hell could n't you have stayed controlled ? '' 
 duncan bared his fangs . 
 `` fuck control . '' 
 and she knew , she knew what pate would do even before his fingers tightened on the gun . 
 `` no ! '' 
 holly screamed . 
 the gun fired . 
 she shoved into duncan , knocking him aside , but the move was too little , too late . 
 the bullet had driven into his chest . 
 blood was pumping everywhere , and a sharp , acidic odor rose from the gaping hole near duncan 's heart . 
 she grabbed for duncan , sinking to the floor beside him and lifting his head into her lap . 
 her own chest burned as if she 'd taken the hit . 
 she did n't care that her sheet had fallen away , she only cared about him . 
 `` do n't , '' she whispered . 
 begged . 
 `` do n't leave me . '' 
 but he was . 
 his eyes were wide , shocked , staring up at her with the glow already fading from his gaze . 
 she would n't let him go . 
 `` holly ... '' pate 's voice was sharp . 
 he wrapped his fingers around her arm . 
 she stared at him with hatred . 
 `` get the hell away from me . '' 
 she did n't know him anymore . 
 did n't care to know him . 
 a muscle jerked in pate 's jaw . 
 `` you 're making a mistake . '' 
 he glanced over his shoulders at the men who still stood there , armed and ready to fire . 
 `` let me help you . '' 
 the way he 'd helped her before ? 
 when he 'd made her become a vampire ? 
 become a vampire ... her gaze flew back to duncan . 
 could a werewolf even become a vampire ? 
 was it possible ? 
 `` holly ... '' she used her teeth to rip open her wrist . 
 duncan had lost a ton of blood . 
 just like she had in that alley . 
 she 'd been given vampire blood when she was close to death . 
 it had saved her . 
 i 'll save him . 
 pate 's hand yanked at her shoulder . 
 `` do n't make me hurt you , '' he warned her . 
 `` you already have . '' 
 because it seemed like he 'd shot her . 
 her heart was breaking as duncan lay dying . 
 the blue of his eyes was so weak now . 
 his breath rattled in his chest . 
 and he was just staring at her . 
 `` i ca n't let you go , '' she said , staring at duncan and knowing this was wrong but not able to stop herself . 
 she 'd just found him . 
 losing him was n't fair . 
 she did n't want to be without him . 
 duncan 's eyes closed . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' she put her wrist over his mouth even as she felt the press of a gun at her temple . 
 pate . 
 `` do n't make me do this . '' 
 his words seemed torn from him . 
 `` stop , holly . '' 
 she was n't stopping . 
 if she had to , she 'd trade her life for duncan 's because she was n't just sitting there while he slipped away from the world . 
 she needed him . 
 loved him ? 
 dammit , she wanted a chance to find out . 
 `` pull your wrist away from him , '' pate told her , voice tight and hard . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're doing . '' 
 `` i 'm saving him . '' 
 and pate was n't shooting because maybe , deep down , past whatever twisted mess he 'd become when she was n't looking , he could n't kill his sister . 
 `` no , '' pate was definite . 
 `` you 're not . 
 you 're just making a walking nightmare . '' 
 duncan 's eyes opened . 
 her breath caught . 
 she started to smile . 
 he was coming back to her . 
 her blood had worked . 
 he was - his hands flew up and clenched around her wrist . 
 his mouth hardened on her , and he started to suck and drink more . 
 harder . 
 harder . 
 `` d-duncan ... '' his eyes stared up at her , and all she saw in that gaze was a ferocious hunger . 
 `` we are so f ** ked , '' pate muttered . 
 then the gun was moved to duncan 's temple . 
 `` let her go . '' 
 duncan kept drinking . 
 taking so much that holly began to feel weak . 
 his hold on her wrist was too tight . 
 `` let . 
 her . 
 go . '' 
 the gun dug into duncan . 
 duncan did n't let go . 
 holly shook her head . 
 `` pate , give me time , i can - '' he fired . 
 holly screamed as her world ended . 
 ended . 
 chapter eleven she had her own set of guards . 
 guards who watched her with careful eyes and made sure that they did n't come too close to her . 
 they were probably scared that she 'd bite them . 
 considering the way she felt , holly realized that she just might . 
 `` where did pate take duncan ? '' 
 holly asked the question for what had to be the hundredth time . 
 but brent just shook his dark head . 
 `` you know i ca n't tell you that , ma'am . '' 
 right . 
 because he had his orders . 
 orders that had come from her brother , right after pate had shot duncan and dragged him out of her home . 
 even as she 'd screamed after them . 
 pate had stopped at the broken door . 
 glanced back at her as his men had held their guns on her . 
 `` trust me , holly . '' 
 how was she supposed to do that ? 
 so her guards stayed . 
 they kept their guns . 
 while pate had gone who the hell knew where with duncan . 
 but he was alive . 
 she knew that . 
 he 'd already become a vampire before pate had taken that second shot . 
 she 'd been afraid that the transformation had n't completed , but then she 'd noticed that his wounds had been trying to heal . 
 she glanced down at her wrist . 
 it had healed , too . 
 duncan had bit her , drank her blood , just like a vampire . 
 how did he feel now ? 
 did he hate what she 'd done to him ? 
 being a werewolf had been bad for him , and now , well , she had no idea how he 'd react to being a vampire . 
 `` did he go to purgatory ? '' 
 holly asked . 
 brent 's eyelashes flickered , and the other guy , henry wells , glanced away from them . 
 purgatory . 
 it was what she 'd feared . 
 but where else could pate take duncan ? 
 with the containment facility in seattle shutting down , they 'd have to take him somewhere else . 
 purgatory was the perfect prison . 
 she straightened her shoulders and knew what she 'd have to do . 
 `` you 'll take me to him . '' 
 brent shook his head . 
 `` our orders are to keep you here , to keep you safe , until - '' `` until pate comes to fetch me ? '' 
 like she was some kind of dog ? 
 now holly shook her head . 
 `` that 's not happening . '' 
 because she was n't going to sit back and let duncan be punished for crimes he had n't committed . 
 `` you 'll take me to him , '' she said again as she pulled in a steadying breath . 
 she had to stop thinking and acting like she was human . 
 she was more . 
 time to be more . 
 brent was the weak link . 
 he 'd stared at her with pity in his eyes a few times . 
 she 'd use that pity . 
 because of his weakness , she knew he 'd be the one to hesitate on actually firing his weapon at her . 
 so she went for henry first . 
 holly leapt toward him and slammed his head into the nearest wall . 
 he went down with a groan . 
 brent swore and lunged toward her . 
 still not firing , just as she 'd suspected . 
 she grabbed him . 
 yanked his weapon away from him . 
 `` sorry , '' she said , right before she sank her teeth into his throat . 
 he tasted good , but not as good as duncan . 
 no one was as good as duncan . 
 she only took a few drops of his blood , just enough to control him . 
 then she eased back so that she could stare up at him . 
 `` you 'll take me to duncan . '' 
 she pushed her compulsion in the words . 
 with slightly unfocused eyes , brent nodded . 
 *** `` sunlight is supposed to make vampires weaker , but it wo n't have any impact on you . '' 
 the quiet voice penetrated through the darkness that seemed to surround duncan . 
 `` silver wo n't burn you . 
 no matter how pure , you 'll be immune to it . '' 
 that voice was familiar . 
 pate . 
 `` from what i can tell , you do n't have any weaknesses . 
 lucky bastard . '' 
 lucky ? 
 a surge of rage pushed through him , and duncan 's eyes flew open . 
 he discovered that silver bars separated him from pate . 
 pate stared at him , with his arms crossed over his chest . 
 `` you 'll need blood to survive , but you are n't supposed to eat the other inmates . 
 that 's frowned upon here . '' 
 the other inmates ? 
 duncan shook his head , then stopped , remembering ... holly 's screams . 
 pain . 
 blood . 
 fangs were in his mouth and claws erupted from his fingertips . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` not me . 
 you can thank my sister for what you are now . '' 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 `` do n't you want to know where you are ? '' 
 pate asked him instead . 
 duncan could only glare at him . 
 `` this was n't the way it was supposed to be , '' pate said , and damn if those words did n't sound like a broken record from the guy . 
 `` i wanted to make you strong enough , but not this way . '' 
 he wanted to rip the man apart . 
 pate glanced over his shoulder , then back at duncan . 
 `` i knew that there was a certain ... power within the fbi that was n't thrilled with the development of the para units . 
 this power sent plants in to destroy us from the inside . 
 to make it look like the monsters were taking over . '' 
 duncan wanted to lunge forward , but he did n't move . 
 `` elias was a plant . 
 i did n't know it was him at first . 
 hell , i thought you were the one that had been sent in , but then you got bitten , and elias shot a bullet into my chest . '' 
 `` and you shot one into my head . '' 
 pate frowned at him . 
 `` you were pretty f ** king bullet proof by then , so do n't bitch and moan . 
 we had to make the scene look real . '' 
 what ? 
 `` others were watching , so even if i had to rip out my sister 's heart in order to do it , i still had to put on the show . '' 
 no one rips out her heart . 
 `` elias set us all up . 
 he followed his orders from above like a good little soldier . 
 those claw marks on the agents ? 
 elias used one of the prisoners-he was working with the ass ** le . 
 he got the werewolf to carve up the others for him , and that fool wolf probably thought he 'd get his freedom in return . '' 
 pate 's mouth tightened . 
 `` instead , he got roasted by silver . '' 
 `` how do you know - '' `` we found the blood under the werewolf 's claws . 
 elias put the guy back in his cell , all nice and tidy , but sometimes , there 's blood you just ca n't get rid of . '' 
 pate fired another fast glance over his shoulder . 
 `` if you know this ... '' duncan 's back teeth ground together . 
 `` if you know i 'm clear of everything that happened , why the hell am i in this cell ? '' 
 `` because it 's not over . '' 
 flat . 
 `` we have to find out who is trying to jeopardize the program . 
 in order to do that , we needed an agent who was strong enough to survive anything that came his way . '' 
 pate 's stare drifted over him . 
 `` you 're the strongest thing i 've seen . 
 even shane ca n't compete against you . '' 
 `` shane 's dead . '' 
 `` is he ? '' 
 pate murmured . 
 `` i 'm sure that 's what the villagers all thought a few centuries back , too . '' 
 what ? 
 `` an escape is going down . 
 a damn big one . 
 the monsters are going to be let loose , and when that happens , everyone will know what 's happening here . 
 there will be no more denials . 
 no more secrets . 
 just out of control werewolves and vampires that want to feed and drain their prey dry . '' 
 he sucked in a deep breath . 
 `` they 've been starving the vamps , did you know that ? 
 they were supposed to be contained here , but not tortured because we can be f ** king humane , or at least , we should be . '' 
 duncan did n't speak . 
 `` but someone wants it all to fall apart . 
 someone wants the para units to look like failures , and that same someone-that power that is in the fbi-wants the monsters loose so the humans can see them all at their worst . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i 'm thinking he-or she-wants a war . 
 an all-out battle . 
 an annihilation . 
 when humans find out about the monsters , how do you think they 'll react ? 
 will they stop to see who is good , who 's bad ? '' 
 pate shook his head . 
 `` no , they 'll see fangs . 
 they 'll see claws . 
 and they 'll attack . 
 the paranormals ca n't compete with the humans , not in numbers , and they 'll all die . '' 
 but it would be bloody . 
 a massacre of both humans and paranormals . 
 `` we wo n't let that end game play out . '' 
 pate 's voice was hard . 
 duncan narrowed his gaze . 
 `` all of the most dangerous , most powerful paranormals are here . 
 but they are n't getting out . 
 no matter what plan is in place , you will stop it . '' 
 the guy had to be insane . 
 `` just me ? '' 
 pate stared back at him . 
 `` just . 
 you . '' 
 `` you know i wo n't survive . 
 i 'll die here . '' 
 `` no , you ca n't die . 
 not any longer . '' 
 right . 
 like he was supposed to believe - `` you 're a werewolf , and you 're a vampire . 
 you do n't have the weaknesses of either , but you 've got the strength of both . 
 you 're the only paranormal of your kind in existence . 
 hell , most would say you should n't be able to exist . '' 
 duncan did n't have a ready comeback . 
 `` i told you before ... you 're an alpha , and that 's what paranormals understand . 
 you go deeper into the prison , you face the bastards who think they 're in charge , and you damn well wipe the floor with them . '' 
 pate 's shoulders heaved . 
 `` that will get the others to follow you . 
 you 'll find out who 's helping to stage the escape . 
 you 'll stop it . 
 hell , man , you 'll wind up saving the world . '' 
 `` why me ? '' 
 duncan demanded . 
 `` and why the hell did n't you tell me all of this sooner ? '' 
 `` because i did n't trust you at first . 
 i 'd planned to do the deed myself . 
 i 'd even been getting injections of shane 's blood so i 'd be stronger , but then you had to get yourself bit . '' 
 pate exhaled . 
 `` that sure changed up all the plans in place . '' 
 `` you were using me . '' 
 `` i 'm fighting to keep this world safe , '' pate said , holding his gaze . 
 `` sometimes , the things i have to do are n't always pretty . '' 
 `` you 're a bastard , you know that ? '' 
 pate nodded . 
 `` that 's what holly told me when i took you away . '' 
 holly . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 `` do the mission , and i 'll tell you . '' 
 sonofabitch . 
 duncan surged forward and found himself right in front of pate . 
 the silver bars-he 'd ripped them away . 
 `` how the hell ... ? '' 
 `` told you , '' pate said , rocking back on his heels . 
 `` only strength . 
 no weaknesses . '' 
 the bars fell from duncan 's fingers . 
 `` now do the job . 
 stop the escape , and if you want , i 'll even damn well sing at your wedding to my sister , but we have to stop this nightmare first . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 duncan wrapped his fingers around pate 's throat . 
 `` i understand that you 've been using me . '' 
 pate 's eyes widened . 
 `` and i understand that i do n't f ** king trust you . '' 
 how many lies had pate told him ? 
 `` you shot me . '' 
 `` only after you 'd taken holly 's blood . '' 
 he remembered the sweet taste of honey on his tongue . 
 no , not honey . 
 better . 
 so much better . 
 he 'd gorged on that taste . 
 i want more . 
 `` if i had n't shot you , then you would n't have stopped drinking from her . '' 
 pate tried to pry duncan 's fingers from his throat . 
 `` i saved her . '' 
 had he been hurting holly ? 
 duncan released pate . 
 pate did n't back away . 
 `` in five minutes , '' pate said , `` a guard will come in here for you . 
 he 'll take you to general population . 
 the werewolves there are supposed to all have collars and the vampires are n't let out during the night . 
 during the day , the vamps will be as weak as humans . 
 controllable . '' 
 `` i wo n't be controllable , '' duncan said . 
 pate shook his head . 
 `` no , you wo n't be . '' 
 he raked a hand through his hair . 
 `` i 'm even hearing rumors that the vamps are being starved and the werewolves are being tortured by silver-all to make them angrier , to get them ready to fight back against their guards . '' 
 his face was haggard . 
 `` we have to stop this . 
 will you do it ? 
 will you stop the escape and help me figure out who 's pulling these damn puppet strings and trying to start a war ? '' 
 it looked like he did n't have much of a choice . 
 `` holly 's safe . '' 
 not a question , a demand . 
 `` yes ! 
 i left agents at her place to keep an eye on her . 
 she 's protected , okay ? '' 
 a light scent teased duncan 's nose . 
 sex and honey . 
 in hell . 
 he gave a sharp negative shake of his head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 pate barked . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` holly . '' 
 `` she 's - '' `` here . '' 
 his snarl . 
 pate had betrayed him for the last time . 
 he would cut the bastard open . 
 `` that 's not possible ! '' 
 `` i smell her . '' 
 not just her sweet scent , but also her fear . 
 holly was there , and she was terrified . 
 footsteps echoed , the tread coming toward him . 
 the prison guard that pate had spoken of ? 
 a growl built in duncan 's throat . 
 `` let him take you into the general population , '' pate whispered . 
 `` do it . 
 dammit , i 've got a mole in this prison , and he told me we do n't have much time . '' 
 `` why did n't he tell you who was behind the setup ? '' 
 `` because he 's a weak werewolf , the runt of this joint , and he does n't have that kind of power . '' 
 duncan inhaled again on a deep breath . 
 `` holly . '' 
 `` are you f ** king sure ? '' 
 the guard was almost on them . 
 duncan nodded . 
 `` i 'll get her , '' pate promised . 
 `` i 'll search the prison , and i 'll get her out , i swear . 
 just do this mission . 
 you ca n't even imagine how many lives are at stake . '' 
 he could imagine plenty . 
 only right then , there was only one life that mattered to him . 
 holly 's scent was coming closer because the guard was coming closer . 
 the guard had been near her . 
 near enough for holly 's scent to recently rub off on him . 
 my senses are even more enhanced . 
 duncan held pate 's glittering stare . 
 `` i 'll get her , '' duncan said , `` and i 'll end this f ** king mission . '' 
 pate would n't use him again . 
 pate did n't get a chance to reply . 
 the door opened , and the guard came in . 
 a middle aged , balding man , he froze when he saw the broken bars-and duncan . 
 `` it 's all right , '' pate said . 
 the director had a gun in his hand . 
 when had he pulled that out ? 
 `` i have him contained . 
 just collar him , now . '' 
 with trembling hands , the guard hurried forward and snapped a collar around duncan 's neck . 
 when the guard lifted his hands ... that was when duncan noticed the fresh puncture wounds on the man 's neck . 
 holly 's scent was coming from those wounds . 
 just what was his vampiress doing ? 
 `` s-supposed to collar him , '' the guard said . 
 `` bring him in ... '' was it his imagination or did the guard look dazed ? 
 the collar snapped in place . 
 even though the silver was glowing , duncan did n't feel a burn . 
 `` come with me , '' the guard said , lifting the collar 's remote . 
 after one final look at a tense-faced pate , duncan followed the guard out . 
 they walked through a series of hallways , past heavy , silver doors . 
 duncan caught the salty scent of the ocean , drifting in to him from the windows high above . 
 `` werewolves are n't allowed out during full moons . 
 so you 'll be locked up tight then , '' the guard told him . 
 the full moon had just passed . 
 duncan had survived that night . 
 well , partially , and he was n't exactly planning on hanging around the prison until the full moon came calling once more . 
 `` the werewolves are housed on the south side . 
 the vampires on the north . '' 
 since he was supposed to be some combination of both , where did that put him ? 
 `` but you 're due for an infirmary check first . 
 got to make sure your collar 's strong enough to last , but not strong enough to kill you . '' 
 uh , yeah , that was good . 
 then the guard was motioning with his weapon . 
 pointing toward a door on the right . 
 `` ten minutes in the infirmary . '' 
 was this standard protocol ? 
 `` the doctor 's waiting , '' the guard muttered , looking away . 
 his doc ? 
 duncan shuffled forward . 
 the door to the infirmary opened , and she was there . 
 wide eyes . 
 red lips . 
 face so f ** king beautiful that she 'd haunt him forever . 
 `` is he secure ? '' 
 her voice was flat . 
 `` y-yes ... '' the guard stammered . 
 she turned those deep eyes on the guard . 
 `` then stand outside the door . 
 do n't let anyone in while i 'm with the prisoner . '' 
 she reached for duncan 's arm . 
 pulled him inside . 
 she shut and bolted the door behind him . 
 the guard did n't say a word . 
 then her mouth was on duncan 's . 
 just the touch of her mouth against his seemed to ignite a firestorm inside of him . 
 he 'd thought he 'd lusted for her before , but now every sense was heightened . 
 every emotion raged out of control . 
 he wanted to bite her so badly that his teeth ached . 
 her tongue thrust against his . 
 he loved her taste . 
 would never get enough of it . 
 could n't get enough of her . 
 mine . 
 the beast was still inside him , but that claim came fully from the man . 
 holly pulled her mouth from his . 
 `` i was afraid i 'd lost you . '' 
 her words were hushed . 
 he could hear the whisper of pain in her voice . 
 her gaze was stark as she stared up at him . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , duncan . '' 
 he wanted to speak . 
 could n't . 
 because he could hear the wild thunder of her heartbeat . 
 want her blood . 
 `` i should n't have given you my blood . 
 i know you did n't want to change . '' 
 his gaze was on her throat . 
 on the pulse that raced so frantically . 
 `` but i could n't let you die . '' 
 the words broke . 
 `` please , duncan , say something . '' 
 he put his hand on her neck . 
 he had claws . 
 the claws of a werewolf came from his fingers . 
 but he did n't scratch her skin . 
 he did n't want to waste that blood . 
 `` mine . '' 
 `` wh-what ? '' 
 he pushed her against the wall . 
 trapped her . 
 `` mine , '' he said again , then his mouth was at her throat . 
 this was instinctive , primal . 
 there was no stopping , not now , not with her , though a part of him watched from a dark corner of his mind , horrified at what he was doing . 
 ca n't stop . 
 must take . 
 her hands pushed against his chest . 
 before , her vampire strength would have been enough to send him stumbling across the room . 
 now , he barely felt the push of her hands . 
 his mouth was on her throat . 
 he licked the skin . 
 she trembled . 
 he bit . 
 when her blood flowed onto his tongue , it was the best thing he 'd ever tasted . 
 better than wine . 
 better than honey . 
 better than any damn thing . 
 his c ** k hardened even more because he 'd been aroused since the moment he 'd seen her . 
 it stretched , ached , and he yanked down her jeans and shoved aside her panties even as he kept drinking from her . 
 the bloodlust tangled with the physical lust that he felt . 
 he wanted to speak , to tell her that he did n't want to hurt her , but he could n't pull away . 
 with one hand , he lifted her up . 
 held her easily , then drove deep into her . 
 she moaned against him and arched-not away from him , but toward his mouth . 
 oh , f ** k , but he hoped she was enjoying his bite . 
 because nothing could have made him pull away from her right then . 
 her sex contracted around him , so tight that his c ** k felt like it was gripped in a silken fist , and he thrust deep into her even as he drank her blood . 
 he should have been repulsed by what he was doing . 
 he f ** king was n't . 
 she came around him . 
 he swore that he could taste the pleasure in her blood as her body tensed and she choked out his name . 
 then , only then , was he able to take one last sip from her . 
 he swiped his tongue over the wound on her neck , and he came so long and hard that his body shuddered . 
 the fury of need slowly faded . 
 pleasure still pulsed through him , small aftershocks as his c ** k emptied into her . 
 her arms were around him . 
 her legs locked around his hips . 
 he was almost afraid to look at her . 
 he 'd been worried that she 'd think of him as a beast before , but he 'd just damn well gorged on her . 
 she 'd come after him , apologizing , and he 'd done that to her . 
 careful now , when he should have been careful before , duncan eased out of her . 
 her breath caught , and his gaze flew to her face . 
 there was no anger in her eyes . 
 no pain . 
 just the afterglow of pleasure . 
 he stared at her . 
 lost . 
 how the hell could she still look at him like that ? 
 then she smiled at him . 
 smiled . 
 she said , `` you are n't going to ... ah ... believe this ... '' her voice was breathless , husky , and it just made him hard again , `` but i promise , i came here to save you , not just to f ** k you . '' 
 right there , in the middle of purgatory , with death all around , with fangs in his mouth and claws growing from his fingertips , he ... smiled . 
 her breath caught . 
 `` duncan , you 've got dimples . '' 
 he kissed her . 
 not wild . 
 not desperate . 
 just ... kissed her . 
 her lips whispered back against his . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he told her softly . 
 she deserved so much better than what had happened . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` duncan , i 'm the one who changed you . '' 
 and he was the one who 'd just attacked her . 
 his forehead pressed against hers . 
 `` you should n't be here . '' 
 `` i was n't going to let you just be tossed into some cell and locked away . '' 
 her nails sank into his shoulders . 
 `` i can get us out of here . 
 i just have to bite the guards , then i can control them . 
 they do n't realize i 'm a vamp , so they are n't taking precautions and - '' he realized why pate had kept holly 's secret for so long . 
 because pate had known that if the dark segment within the fbi found out about her , holly would be watched , monitored , and maybe even tossed to the wolves for the battle that was coming . 
 good thing this wolf found her . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . '' 
 his quiet words froze her . 
 then she gave a hard shake of her head . 
 `` you have to leave . 
 look , i know your brother is here , but you ca n't stay . 
 you have n't done anything wrong ! '' 
 he had n't done anything right , either . 
 `` connor 's here ? '' 
 she gave a slow nod . 
 `` he was transferred in , the same day you were . 
 i. . . 
 convinced one of the agents to tell me that . 
 brent had quite a bit of information to share . '' 
 her gaze searched his . 
 her legs had slipped away from his and fallen back to the floor . 
 the scent of blood and sex surrounded them . 
 want more . 
 he forced himself to step away from her . 
 she would n't be able to handle him taking much more from her . 
 but when he stepped back , she blinked and almost looked hurt as she fumbled to fix her clothes . 
 then her hand rose to her neck . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he whispered again . 
 her hand dropped . 
 `` i just ... i could n't let you die . '' 
 `` and i 'm not going to let my brother die . '' 
 because connor would die . 
 with the battle coming to this prison , all of the inmates were at risk . 
 some would escape , some would die . 
 `` he 's a killer , duncan . 
 he deserves to be here , but you do n't . '' 
 he could still taste her . 
 duncan turned away from holly . 
 straightened his clothes . 
 his fangs had n't gone away yet . 
 why not ? 
 `` he was taken away by whoever the hell it was that killed my family . 
 i remember him screaming for me , but i was locked in that closet , and i could n't get to him . '' 
 there was silence behind him . 
 `` i 'll get to him this time . '' 
 a vow . 
 `` he 'll tell me what happened to them . 
 to me . '' 
 `` and then what ? 
 you take him out , and you two walk into the sunset together ? '' 
 her laugh was bitter . 
 `` you 're a vampire now , and he 's a werewolf . 
 he 's also out for your blood . '' 
 he glanced back at her . 
 `` i 'm not leaving him . '' 
 that was all he knew for the moment . 
 he 'd find connor , and then ... well , he did n't know what would happen after that . 
 `` according to your brother , this prison is set to erupt in a matter of hours . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` elias was a plant . 
 someone wants the para units to fail , and that same someone wants purgatory to fail . '' 
 `` but if the prisoners get out of purgatory - '' `` then pate thinks a war will come . 
 he says the vamps have been starved . 
 that the werewolves are too close to losing their control . 
 they 'll get out and go wild . '' 
 because they had the baddest , most dangerous prisoners there . 
 `` he did n't bring me here as punishment . 
 he brought me here to stop that hell from coming true . '' 
 her lips parted in surprise even as she took a step forward . 
 `` i 'll help you . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 absolutely f ** king not . 
 `` you 'll use your power over the guard , and you 'll get him to take you out of here . 
 now . '' 
 `` so you can fight them all on your own ? 
 you ca n't do that . 
 you 're just - '' `` according to pate , i 'm the only vampire and werewolf hybrid in existence . 
 all of the strengths of both creatures , none of the weaknesses . '' 
 a furrow appeared between her brows . 
 `` alpha ... '' so he 'd been told . 
 he just had n't realized what that meant at the time . 
 he was betting that pate had known though , all along . 
 tricky bastard . 
 `` that jerk , '' holly whispered . 
 `` he set this all up . '' 
 duncan suspected he had . 
 `` so what ? 
 you 're supposed to take on all the prisoners here by yourself ? 
 that 's insane ! '' 
 `` not all of 'em ... just the ass ** le who thinks he 's in charge . '' 
 because there would be one leading the pack . 
 there always was . 
 once he took him down , the others would follow . 
 or at least , he hoped so . 
 `` i can help you . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , you 'll make me weak . '' 
 her indrawn breath was painful , and dammit , he had n't meant the words that way , but they were the truth . 
 physically , he was strong . 
 amped up paranormal , yeah , he had that whole bit going on . 
 but pate was wrong when he 'd said that duncan did n't have a weakness . 
 he was staring at his weakness . 
 `` if one of them gets to you , i 'll lose it . '' 
 the painful truth . 
 `` duncan ... '' `` you matter to me . '' 
 mattered so much that he was glad she 'd transformed him . 
 because the transformation meant that he had a chance to be with her . 
 not just for a few years , but maybe forever . 
 `` if i thought you were in danger , i do n't think i 'd ever be able to hold onto my control . '' 
 he huffed out a hard breath . 
 `` so do n't stay , understand ? 
 use the guard and get the hell off this rock before the battle comes . '' 
 then he went back to her . 
 because he had to . 
 one more time . 
 `` i 'll find you . 
 we 'll both be more than just monsters . '' 
 a man . 
 a woman . 
 maybe with a future ? 
 the wound on her neck had already healed . 
 he could feel her , though , inside of him now . 
 `` get out and stay alive . '' 
 for me . 
 she nodded . 
 his shoulders wanted to sag in relief . 
 instead , he kissed her once more . 
 had to do it . 
 then he headed for the door . 
 `` do n't you want to know why ? '' 
 he 'd unbolted the door . 
 duncan did n't glance back at her . 
 `` are n't you a little curious ... '' holly pressed . 
 `` about why i could n't let you die ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 because he already knew . 
 duncan shoved open the door . 
 `` you love me . '' 
 and he ... well , he was insane for her . 
 obsessed . 
 consumed . 
 to him , she was everything . 
 that was why he had to leave her . 
 if anyone at that prison realized how important she was , he 'd be lost . 
 not an alpha . 
 not the warped hero who was supposed to swoop in and save the unsuspecting humans out there . 
 if anything happened to her , he 'd just be ... lost . 
 because the vampire who 'd bit him held his heart in her hands . 
 *** when the doors closed behind duncan , holly did n't move for an instant . 
 her clothes were back on . 
 her body was still flushed , and pleasure still pulsed within her . 
 she could n't move . 
 duncan was walking away . 
 he knew how she felt , and he was just leaving her . 
 because i 'm his weakness ? 
 she was n't sure how to take that . 
 she 'd come there , so desperate and breaking every rule she 'd ever known , in order to save him . 
 now he 'd told her to leave . 
 the door swung open . 
 brent stood there . 
 `` the guard took duncan to general population . '' 
 she was supposed to just leave him ? 
 no , she could n't do that . 
 she 'd stay out of the fight . 
 he could go play alpha , but when the bloodbath was over , he 'd still need someone to get him out of that hellhole . 
 she 'd sworn not to leave him behind , and she would n't . 
 no matter what . 
 holly cleared her throat . 
 `` go find my brother . 
 bring pate to me . '' 
 the control was so easy to her now that it was frightening . 
 brent nodded and hurriedly left . 
 she stared at the infirmary around her . 
 she 'd need some sort of weapon , just in case . 
 everyone in this place seemed to have fangs and claws , and her compulsions would n't work on other vampires . 
 she jerked on a lab coat . 
 if any other guards came by , she wanted to make sure that she blended well . 
 she searched around a moment , and then holly picked up a scalpel . 
 silver . 
 she wondered why the doctors had silver scalpels in stock . 
 actually , now that she looked at the instruments , they were all made out of silver . 
 odd . 
 silver surgical instruments would just increase the pain for the werewolf patients . 
 did someone want them all to hurt ? 
 the thought chilled her . 
 but had n't duncan told her that the vampires were being starved ? 
 pate had billed this place as being a humane place to hold the dangerous non-humans . 
 she clutched the scalpel tightly . 
 just what was happening in purgatory ? 
 `` i thought i smelled something sweet . '' 
 the dark , low words had her stiffening . 
 she shoved the scalpel into the pocket on the right side of her borrowed lab coat , then spun around . 
 she 'd expected to see a guard . 
 because prisoners should n't be wandering loose , right ? 
 some ass ** le , horny guard who thought he 'd make time with the new female doctor . 
 but ... a man in a dark gold prison uniform stared back at her . 
 he was n't alone . 
 two others , wearing the same matching prison uniforms , were behind him . 
 the man in the middle was big , about six foot three , maybe four , with dark black hair that had grayed slightly near his sideburns . 
 his face was hard , so rough , and his eyes - they looked just like duncan 's . 
 the same glowing , bright blue that his gaze became when the beast ruled him . 
 she could even see the shining flecks of gold in the center of this man 's eyes . 
 his eyes were like duncan 's , but his face was an older version of connor 's . 
 she 'd been right . 
 duncan 's father had n't died all of those years ago . 
 had n't died , but he sure might have killed . 
 `` you should n't be here , '' she said , lifting her chin and trying to brave her way through whatever the hell was happening . 
 he inhaled . 
 `` vampire . '' 
 he said the word the way some men might say ... chocolate . 
 like he was about to savor a treat . 
 her knees locked . 
 her fangs burned . 
 `` get out . '' 
 he smiled at her . 
 `` vamp females always have a certain scent but you ... you do n't just smell like a vamp . '' 
 he stalked toward her . 
 his gaze raked over her . 
 `` there 's wolf all over you . '' 
 there was about to be silver in him if that jerk did n't back off . 
 `` guards ! '' 
 holly yelled . 
 he laughed at her . 
 `` you do n't know how things work around here , do you ? '' 
 duncan could n't be that far away . 
 had he heard her yell ? 
 she had n't really yelled for the guards . 
 she 'd yelled so her lover with his enhanced hearing could pick up her cry . 
 `` smells like you 've been f ** king in here . '' 
 her face seemed to ice . 
 `` nothin ' like f ** king a female vamp ... except of course ... killing one . '' 
 then he lunged toward her , with his claws up . 
 she brought up her scalpel and did n't waste her breath on another yell . 
 chapter twelve the werewolves were housed in the south section . 
 the vampires were to the north . 
 at least , that was the spiel that the guard had given him . 
 where are you , pate ? 
 the heavy , silver doors slid shut behind duncan , and he found himself in a big , cavernous room . 
 dozens of men walked around , but they all froze when they saw him . 
 not men . 
 werewolves . 
 every single one of those guys wore a glowing silver collar . 
 collars all just like his . 
 pate 's little invention had sure been shopped around . 
 so this was the general werewolf population . 
 only he was n't seeing connor in that mix . 
 his gaze drifted up . 
 the cells were on the second level . 
 silver cells to imprison them when it was time to lock up the monsters again . 
 guards walked along that second level , guns gripped tightly in their hands . 
 no doubt , those guns were filled with silver bullets . 
 growls reached him then . 
 snarls of fury . 
 his gaze turned back to the werewolves . 
 the group was closing in on him , and some of those faces were familiar . 
 i put some of them here . 
 shit . 
 `` you , '' snarled a werewolf on the right . 
 judd orton . 
 a werewolf who 'd slaughtered five women on the coast . 
 `` i dreamed of slicing you open . '' 
 duncan shrugged . 
 `` better me than the humans you attacked . '' 
 `` you 're dying ! '' 
 judd jumped toward him . 
 his claws were out and the silver was burning his neck . 
 duncan punched him , driving his fist right into the werewolf 's face . 
 blood spurted as judd 's nose broke , and judd flopped to the floor , screaming . 
 the other werewolves stopped advancing . 
 `` alpha ... '' a low whisper that came from another convict that duncan recognized . 
 charles rist . 
 he 'd enjoyed killing children . 
 that twisted freak should never see daylight . 
 duncan let his gaze sweep over them all . 
 `` who 's next ? '' 
 charles came for him . 
 running and snarling , even as smoke rose from the burning skin on his neck . 
 he swiped out with his claws , slicing duncan across the stomach . 
 and duncan swiped out with his own claws . 
 he gutted charles , and the werewolf fell to the ground , screaming . 
 duncan expected shots to rain down on him from above , but when he shot a quick look up at the guards , they had n't moved . 
 what the hell ? 
 but he was n't about to lose focus then . 
 `` next , '' duncan said , and it was a demand . 
 only no one else stepped up . 
 their gazes were on the moaning charles , and then , one by one , the men lowered their heads . 
 `` alpha . '' 
 clear . 
 a growl from them all . 
 duncan stood before them , body tense and ready for battle . 
 `` why are n't the guards attacking ? '' 
 his voice was low , designed to carry only to the paranormals near him . 
 one man , a werewolf duncan had never seen before , glanced up quickly at the guards , then his gaze darted to duncan . 
 the werewolf looked young , barely over twenty , and his face was so pale . 
 `` they like to watch us fight each other . '' 
 what ? 
 `` when we kill each other , '' the young werewolf continued , `` that 's one less prisoner for them . '' 
 the werewolves were backing away from duncan . 
 slinking away . 
 no more challenges ? 
 this was too f ** king easy . 
 only the pale werewolf was lingering . 
 `` you 're gon na be dead soon , '' he said as he swallowed . 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` you ... you do n't want to challenge for alpha . '' 
 challenge for it ? 
 had n't he just damn well won the title ? 
 the competition had been slim . 
 but the werewolf crept closer even as charles crawled away . 
 `` they were n't saying you were alpha ... they were saying...s-saying they 'd let the alpha take you out . '' 
 oh , really ? 
 `` so where the hell is he ? '' 
 `` he ... he sliced open the last new werewolf and went with the guards to the infirmary . 
 they ... they let him do whatever he wants . 
 he said ... '' the werewolf glanced over his shoulder . 
 `` he smelled something sweet in the air and w-wanted a bite . '' 
 the thunder of duncan 's heartbeat echoed in his ears . 
 something sweet . 
 there was only one sweet thing in purgatory . 
 and he 'd left her in the infirmary . 
 `` the last werewolf , '' duncan forced himself to speak . 
 `` did you get his name ? '' 
 a fast shake of the guy 's head . 
 `` he went down too fast . 
 alpha ... the alpha knew him . 
 said h-he 'd finish him this time . '' 
 fuck , f ** k , f ** k. duncan spun away and ran back for the silver doors that had sealed behind him . 
 he shoved his fist against those doors . 
 `` let me out ! '' 
 he had to get back to the infirmary . 
 back to holly . 
 she 'd said that she would leave . 
 be gone . 
 please , be gone . 
 the door began to dent beneath his hammering fists . 
 guards shouted for him to stop . 
 oh , now they were getting involved ? 
 screw that . 
 the escape was supposed to go down at any time . 
 they were cutting it to the wire . 
 the alpha was gone . 
 duncan was betting that his trip out of general population had been perfectly timed so the fellow could work on the escape . 
 like there 'd be an escape without the alpha 's permission . 
 do n't be near holly . 
 do n't . 
 be . 
 and he was in the wrong damn place . 
 if he 'd just stayed with her for a few more minutes ... the plan was screwed . 
 he kept pounding with his fists . 
 started to carve up that metal with his claws . 
 `` stand down ! '' 
 a shout from above . 
 duncan guessed they 'd just realized the silver was n't working to control him . 
 `` stand down , or we will fire ! '' 
 let them . 
 he had to get out of there , and if it took some silver bullets to the back in order to get the job done , he was ready for the pain . 
 holly was in the infirmary . 
 he suspected that connor was there , too . 
 he sliced open the last new werewolf . 
 if he needed to bleed in order to get his ass taken there , so f ** king be it . 
 he slammed his fists into the door again . 
 and the silver bullets slammed into his back . 
 *** `` you bitch ! '' 
 but the words were said with admiration . 
 admiration ? 
 the werewolf with duncan 's eyes stumbled back and yanked the scalpel out of his shoulder . 
 he 'd been too close for her to hit his heart . 
 next time . 
 the doors swung open behind him , and guards came in . 
 gray uniformed , armed guards . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 holly cried out . 
 `` the prisoners are - '' they were dragging someone in behind them . 
 a man with blond hair . 
 his green prison jumper was soaked with blood . 
 he moaned , the sound heavy with pain . 
 connor ? 
 `` leave him , '' the werewolf-he should n't have duncan 's eyes-snapped to the guards . 
 they dropped connor and turned for the door . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 holly shouted at them . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 but they kept going . 
 and the big werewolf laughed as his men grabbed connor 's body and tossed him onto the nearest gurney . 
 `` helping you is n't on the agenda for tonight , '' the werewolf told her . 
 `` those men ... they know they need to get someplace safe and hunker down if they want to survive the night . '' 
 she jumped back . 
 grabbed another scalpel . 
 she held it in front of her . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he tilted his head . 
 `` is n't it obvious ? '' 
 he lifted his hands . 
 `` i 'm the alpha , and i 'm gon na be clawing you wide open . '' 
 his gaze drifted to connor . 
 `` just like i did to my sorry excuse for a son . '' 
 son . 
 she 'd already known that . 
 her fingers clenched around her weapon . 
 `` the monsters are breaking out tonight , and i 'm leading them to freedom . '' 
 his men laughed behind him . 
 they were blocking the door . 
 locking her in . 
 `` i just needed an excuse to be brought here . 
 attack the new werewolf , get him so injured he had to be brought to the infirmary ... and , of course , the guards were only too eager to do my bidding . '' 
 `` you attacked your own son ? '' 
 `` not like it 's the first time . '' 
 anger tightened his face . 
 `` fool thinks he has what it takes to be alpha . 
 only con never had the killer instinct . '' 
 `` y-you do . '' 
 he leapt toward her . 
 shoved aside the table she 'd stupidly hoped would be some kind of protection . 
 `` yeah , i do . '' 
 his gaze fell to the scalpel . 
 `` where you gon na shove that one ? '' 
 `` i was thinking in your heart . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` let 's see how that works for you . '' 
 she would have to be fast . 
 because she knew he was planning to sink his claws into her this time . 
 if he took her head , then - the infirmary doors swung open . 
 `` i told you to stay the f ** k out ! '' 
 the big werewolf bellowed as he swung around . 
 only this time , the guards were different . 
 not the quick-to-obey men before . 
 men who 'd been working with the werewolves . 
 these guys looked shocked to see the werewolves in the infirmary , and they immediately drew their weapons . 
 immediately was n't fast enough . 
 the wolves close to them attacked . 
 holly screamed as the humans went down , fighting desperately . 
 and the man that they 'd been transporting , the man on the gurney that lay so still , he was dropped to floor in the middle of the attack . 
 duncan . 
 so bloody , so - duncan leapt off the floor . 
 he sliced into the two werewolf flunkies , sending them flying away from the humans before they could go in for the kill . 
 the humans were bloody , unconscious , but still breathing . 
 duncan rushed toward the other werewolf . 
 then , just a step away from him , duncan froze . 
 holly 's heart was thundering in her chest . 
 duncan 's eyes had widened as horror washed over his face . 
 `` well , well ... '' the werewolf was smug . 
 shocked , but smug . 
 `` knew i 'd find you again someday , son . '' 
 `` you ... '' duncan 's voice was hoarse . 
 `` ian , '' the werewolf said . 
 `` name 's ian , and i 've been looking for you a very long time . '' 
 she was just standing there . 
 screw that . 
 holly ran toward connor . 
 the breath hissed from between her teeth when she saw the damage that had been done to him . 
 he needed to transform in order to heal from those injuries , but he 'd lost so much blood that she feared he was too weak for the shift . 
 `` he 's already dead , '' ian said , without looking at her . 
 `` boy was always useless . 
 always f ** king crying . '' 
 he crept toward duncan . 
 `` for you . 
 he thought you 'd come and save him . '' 
 `` y-you killed my family . '' 
 duncan sounded lost , almost like a child . 
 holly started trying to apply pressure to connor 's wounds . 
 if she could stop the blood flow ... connor 's eyes opened . 
 his hand flew out and wrapped around her wrist . 
 `` i am your family ! '' 
 ian roared this . 
 `` that bitch of a useless mother tried to take you from me . 
 i found you , and i made sure she never betrayed me again ! '' 
 `` her blood ... '' duncan 's voice was a whisper . 
 `` i was in her blood . 
 it ran under the closet door . '' 
 ian swore . 
 `` i knew i smelled you in that house , but the cops were coming . 
 i had to hurry , and then they hid you . '' 
 connor stared up at holly . 
 there was so much rage , no , hate , in his stare . 
 then connor 's gaze cut to ian and duncan . 
 `` and here you are ... at the perfect moment . '' 
 ian 's voice rose . 
 `` you can help me . 
 we can take over this prison , bust out , just like i planned , and then we 'll make the humans all f ** king sorry . '' 
 `` how 'd you plan it ? '' 
 duncan asked , and his voice held no emotion . 
 connor was nearly breaking her wrist . 
 been there , done that once already . 
 she 'd prefer not to have the bones snap again . 
 `` i got connections ... thought gettin ' tossed in here was the end for me . 
 i did n't realize it was just the beginning . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 duncan shook his head . 
 `` it is the end . 
 for you . '' 
 his shoulders pushed back . 
 there was so much blood on him , but he did n't seem to be weak in any way . 
 `` i remember you . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 ian 's claws were at his sides . 
 `` i remember hearing my mother scream . 
 she was begging for you to stop . '' 
 ian laughed . 
 she hated his laugh . 
 `` i remember the sound of my brother 's voice , asking me to help him . '' 
 ian was still laughing . 
 `` i was too afraid to move then . 
 too afraid to speak . 
 my mother had told me to stay quiet . 
 no matter what happened ... stay quiet . '' 
 connor was lifting holly 's hand toward his mouth . 
 his claws sliced her skin , but she bit her lip , refusing to cry out . 
 she knew what he wanted . 
 what duncan wanted . 
 she was trying to help them both . 
 `` i 'm not going to be quiet any longer . '' 
 duncan smiled at ian , and the sight was chilling . 
 her blood dripped into connor 's mouth . 
 `` the first time i saw connor , i knew he looked familiar . 
 but it was your face that i was really starting to remember . '' 
 then duncan jumped forward . 
 his claws wrapped around ian 's throat . 
 `` you took my life away . '' 
 ian did n't look scared . 
 did n't act scared either . 
 he drove his claws into duncan 's throat . 
 holly screamed and jerked away from connor . 
 but duncan did n't so much as flinch from the attack . 
 `` i 'm not some little whelp that you can kick around any longer . '' 
 his fangs were lengthening . 
 `` i 'm the alpha now , and you 're just the killer that needs to be stopped . '' 
 a low hiss filled the air then . 
 and ian 's chilling laughter sounded once more . 
 `` you think i 'm alone in this ? '' 
 the gas drifting from the vents was just like the backup security system that pate had installed at the containment center in seattle . 
 was this where he 'd gotten the idea ? 
 or had he taken steps to have his system also installed here ? 
 she covered her mouth , but the gas did n't seem to be doing anything to her . 
 it was n't even stinging her throat . 
 connor was motionless on the gurney . 
 `` the gas is the first wave . 
 only it 's not taking out the paranormals . 
 it 's gon na knock out all the humans . 
 then it wo n't matter who has the controls to the f ** king collars . 
 it wo n't matter who has the silver bullets . 
 the guards who are n't already paid off will fall , because the others-the ones working with me-they 'll be the ones in gas masks running for the doors . '' 
 holly 's gaze flew around the room . 
 there were no controls to the collars in there . 
 there were more surgical instruments though , against that back wall . 
 she could rush over there and get more silver to help duncan . 
 `` who set this up ? '' 
 duncan gritted . 
 but ian was n't looking at him any longer . 
 ian 's bright blue gaze had come to rest on holly . 
 `` what did you make him ? '' 
 she would n't , could n't , speak . 
 `` i tried to get a vampire to convert me once , but the bitch would n't do it . '' 
 good for her . 
 `` so i cut off her head . '' 
 not so good . 
 `` if you cut off her head , connor , i 'll take you back . '' 
 what ? 
 then she felt the hand on her shoulder . 
 connor , not so still anymore . 
 standing right behind her . 
 she could feel the press of his claws on her skin . 
 `` kill her , '' ian ordered , `` and you can walk out of here with me . 
 all will be forgiven . 
 we can start fresh . '' 
 his gaze darted to duncan . 
 `` my two sons . 
 we 'll f ** king rule this new world . '' 
 `` the new world ? '' 
 duncan repeated . 
 `` you mean the world where you start attacking the humans . '' 
 `` we 've lived in the shadows long enough ! '' 
 `` no , you 've just lived long enough . '' 
 connor was n't attacking her . 
 whatever he 'd done , she did n't believe he was like his father . 
 neither was duncan . 
 she broke away from connor . 
 grabbed for the scalpel on the back table . 
 i ca n't let his father 's death be on him . 
 some sins should n't be carried . 
 duncan yelled her name , but she did n't stop . 
 her fingers were tight on the scalpel , and she moved as fast as she could . 
 what good was being a vamp if you never used your power ? 
 so she amped up her power and moved faster than she 'd ever moved before . 
 it seemed like everyone around her was moving in slow motion . 
 connor was lunging for his father with bared fangs . 
 duncan was reaching for her . 
 ian was smiling . 
 smiling ... and lifting a weapon she 'd never seen . 
 a wooden stake that had been tucked in his prison overalls . 
 so even as she stabbed down with her knife-slicing over the bastard 's throat-he shoved that stake into her heart . 
 `` told me ... be ready . '' 
 blood spurted down the front of ian 's throat . 
 she had n't cut the bastard deep enough . 
 `` vamps ... coming ... '' and the slow motion ended for her . 
 she sank to her knees and stared at the stake hanging from her chest . 
 she felt the cold whisper of death on her skin . 
 the same whisper she 'd felt in that alley , a year ago . 
 goosebumps rose on her even as a strange numbness filled her extremities . 
 duncan was shouting for her , and she wanted to answer him , but she could n't . 
 the gas kept filling the room . 
 the stake-it had sank into her heart . 
 she knew it had found the mark because her heart had stopped beating . 
 i 'm sorry , duncan . 
 she 'd just wanted to protect him , but now , it looked like she 'd just left him to face his nightmare without her . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 her lips formed the words , and then she could say no more . 
 ian 's claws came toward her , and she knew he planned to take her head . 
 chapter thirteen i 'm sorry . 
 he could n't hear the words , but he could read them on her lips and they ripped right through him . 
 duncan shoved his father aside-his father , his f ** king father-and grabbed for holly . 
 her eyes were sagging closed . 
 blood pulsed from her wound . 
 no , this could n't be happening . 
 not to her . 
 he 'd left her in the infirmary so that she 'd be safe . 
 not so that she could be staked while trying to fight his past . 
 `` vampires . 
 for all their strengths , they can still be so damn weak . '' 
 disgust had thickened ian 's voice . 
 you have no weaknesses . 
 pate had promised him that , but the guy had been wrong . 
 he had a weakness . 
 she was bleeding out in his arms . 
 a dull roar filled his ears . 
 his hand was on her throat , trying to feel for a pulse , but nothing was there . 
 `` holly ? '' 
 he shook her . 
 her eyes were n't opening . 
 `` you wo n't leave me ! '' 
 he whispered the desperate words to her . 
 she had n't let him slip away , and there was no way that he 'd let her - claws pressed into his back . 
 sank into his spine . 
 twisted . 
 the agony burned through him , but he did n't let holly go . 
 he could n't . 
 `` worthless piece of shit , '' ian snarled into his ear . 
 `` you think i did n't smell you all over her ? 
 i knew ... '' his claws yanked out of duncan . 
 drove in again . 
 `` i knew you were linked to the bitch . 
 mated to a vamp . '' 
 mate . 
 yes , she was his mate . 
 she was everything . 
 `` i just had to get to her ... '' now the claws were at his throat . 
 `` in order to make you weak . 
 just like he said ... '' the claws were about to slice across his jugular . 
 his father 's claws . 
 stay in the closet , baby . 
 no matter what happens ... stay in and stay quiet . 
 in his mind , duncan saw warm golden eyes , swimming with tears , staring down at him . 
 mommy loves you . 
 love . 
 holly was n't moving . 
 `` who . 
 said . '' 
 the snapped words did n't even seem to have come from him . 
 ian still had his mouth near duncan 's ear . 
 `` you thought you were stopping us , did n't you ? 
 but when you started hunting the paranormals , he got smart to you . 
 he 's in your precious fbi , and he 's not gon na let his own kind be caged . '' 
 `` tell me who the f ** k he is . '' 
 `` he 's a werewolf , an alpha , just like me . 
 we 're gon na rule . 
 gon na make the humans scream . 
 putting us all together was a mistake . 
 now we 're just stronger . 
 we 're - '' `` get the hell away from him ! '' 
 connor 's scream . 
 the enraged roar of a man , but for a moment , duncan could have sworn that he heard ... help me ... help me , duncan ! 
 the cry of a child . 
 ian was yanked away from him . 
 his father and connor met in a fury of fists and claws . 
 duncan 's fingers wrapped around the stake in holly 's chest . 
 the stake would n't kill her . 
 well , she would n't stay dead , not unless she lost her head or her body was burned . 
 as soon as the stake came out , she 'd heal . 
 he ripped that damn stake from her . 
 smashed it into bits . 
 her eyes flew open as she sucked in a deep breath . 
 his holly . 
 his world . 
 he bent his head . 
 pressed his lips to hers . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 because she needed to know that . 
 `` now , please , stay here . 
 whatever happens , do n't move . '' 
 stay quiet . 
 because he did n't want her in the line of fire . 
 duncan looked up . 
 ian had connor pinned against the far wall , and the older werewolf was going for connor 's throat . 
 gathering all his strength , duncan lunged across the room . 
 before ian could slice open connor 's throat , duncan caught his hand . 
 `` that 's my brother , '' duncan said as his body vibrated with fury . 
 `` and you are n't hurting him anymore . '' 
 connor 's gaze flew to duncan . 
 there was disbelief and wild hope fighting in his stare . 
 his stare ... golden just like their mother 's had been . 
 i remember him now . 
 from the moment that he 'd seen connor in that basement , the memories had started to push through the shadows in his mind . 
 my brother . 
 ian whirled to attack duncan . 
 his father had yanked the silver scalpel out of his chest and he drove that scalpel right toward duncan 's heart . 
 and the bastard was smiling as he did it . 
 `` let 's see you save someone now , hero . '' 
 the scalpel sank into his flesh . 
 duncan glanced down at the weapon . 
 `` is n't it supposed to burn ? '' 
 ian 's face paled . 
 connor had fallen to the floor , but he was trying to stand once more . 
 `` i think it 's supposed to burn . '' 
 duncan 's fingers wrapped around the hilt of the knife . 
 `` or at least it would , if i were just a werewolf . 
 but i 'm not . '' 
 and silver did n't hurt vampires . 
 all of the strengths . 
 none of the weaknesses . 
 pate had n't been bullshitting after all . 
 so he pulled out that knife . 
 saw his blood dripping from the blade . 
 `` you destroyed my life that night . '' 
 `` she took you away from me ! 
 my flesh ! 
 my blood - '' the blood kept dripping from the scalpel . 
 `` it is your blood . '' 
 duncan glared at him . 
 `` but i 'm not you . '' 
 ian attacked with fangs bared and claws out . 
 kill or be killed . 
 the way of the wolf . 
 duncan was n't in the mood to die . 
 so he twisted his hand and pushed the scalpel into ian 's heart , and this time , it did burn . 
 ian screamed . 
 he clawed at his chest , but duncan just drove the weapon in deeper . 
 smoke rose from ian 's chest . 
 when duncan finally stepped back , ian hit the floor . 
 his features were frozen in a final mask of horror . 
 shock . 
 death . 
 `` i 'm not you , '' duncan said again . 
 his mother had protected him from this monster . 
 given her life to keep him safe . 
 duncan 's gaze rose to connor . 
 the other wolf was shuddering , but he was back on his feet . 
 his wounds seemed to be closing . 
 was he going to have to fight another battle ? 
 duncan had just killed his father , he did n't want to kill his brother , too . 
 `` you ... '' `` i wish i could have saved you , '' duncan said , when connor 's voice just trailed away . 
 `` i wish you 'd been in that damn closet with me . '' 
 connor looked away . 
 `` you do n't ... remember it all , do you ? '' 
 no . 
 `` i-i was supposed to go in , but i was afraid of the dark . '' 
 his voice was hushed . 
 `` mom told me that you would keep me safe inside , that we had to be quiet , but i was afraid . '' 
 he swallowed , and the small click was painful to hear . 
 `` so i ran out , screaming . 
 that 's how he found us . 
 he heard my scream . 
 he killed her when she was reaching for me , and he took me away . '' 
 hell . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' duncan said . 
 sorry for the life that connor must have lived . 
 for all the pain and suffering he 'd endured . 
 `` so am i. '' connor stared at him . 
 the lines on his face seemed so deep . 
 `` i wish i 'd stayed with you in the dark . '' 
 `` duncan ? '' 
 his head turned at holly 's call . 
 she stood there , blood on her , but alive . 
 he ran to her and pulled her close . 
 she was trembling against him , and he knew her body was weak . 
 because she 'd been f ** king staked . 
 `` drink from me , '' he ordered as he forced her mouth to his neck . 
 he 'd never forget seeing her so still . 
 his hands tightened around him as her teeth sank into his throat . 
 the pleasure of her bite rocked through him . 
 holly . 
 his holly . 
 his . 
 always . 
 her tongue whispered over his skin as she fed lightly from him . 
 `` take more , '' he said . 
 take everything . 
 the gas was still leaking from overhead . 
 the humans would be down . 
 they 'd need help . 
 they 'd need - the infirmary doors burst open . 
 duncan spun to face the new threat , shielding holly with his body . 
 but the new threat was just pate . 
 with ... shane standing behind him . 
 pate had a gun in each hand . 
 so did shane . 
 pate 's gaze raked the room , then landed on him . 
 that stare hardened a bit when he saw just how tightly duncan was holding holly . 
 `` thought you might need a hand , '' pate said . 
 `` he 's alpha ... '' these soft words came from connor . 
 `` he does n't need anyone . '' 
 yes , he did . 
 he needed holly . 
 shane approached ian 's body . 
 `` he 's the one who was working the escape from inside the prison , '' duncan said , voice flat . 
 `` he was also my father . '' 
 shane hissed out a breath . 
 `` and who put the silver in his heart ? '' 
 holly 's fingers stroked over duncan 's chest , as if she were trying to soothe him . 
 `` i did , '' duncan told him . 
 shane nodded . 
 `` it 's a bitch when the worst monsters are the ones who made us . '' 
 he turned away from the body . 
 `` know how you feel . 
 i had to take my father 's head in 1396 . '' 
 thirteen - `` did he tell you who was helping him on the outside ? '' 
 pate demanded . 
 he had n't put his weapons up yet . 
 `` uh , you think we can work on turning off the gas ? '' 
 holly asked , and duncan loved the slight snap in her words . 
 `` if ian was telling the truth , it 's knocking out all of the humans . '' 
 pate finally put up his guns so that he could yank out a radio from his coat pocket . 
 a few seconds later , he started talking to someone . 
 brent ? 
 `` turn it off , '' pate ordered . 
 `` now . '' 
 the gas shut off . 
 an alarm sounded . 
 pate lowered the radio . 
 `` we 're on lockdown , '' pate said . 
 `` you , shane , and i need to secure the prison and make sure no one gets off this island . '' 
 `` just the three of us ? '' 
 duncan nodded . 
 `` right . 
 piece of f ** king cake . '' 
 `` i can help , '' holly said . 
 and he knew she could . 
 holly was strong . 
 she was fierce . 
 but she was also more than just a killer , and they needed her skills . 
 `` the wounded are gon na come in . 
 you 'll have to take care of them . '' 
 because there was no telling how injured some of the guards-and prisoners-would be . 
 her gaze slid to connor . 
 `` i 'll start with him , '' she murmured . 
 his holly . 
 a healer , not a killer . 
 holly flashed her fangs . 
 `` but if you need me , you yell , and i 'll have your back . '' 
 or maybe , maybe she was both . 
 duncan pressed a kiss to her lips . 
 he loved her little fangs . 
 hell , he loved everything about her . 
 `` i love you , '' he said the words against her lips and felt the surprise that rippled through her . 
 holly shook her head . 
 he caught her chin . 
 forced her to look straight into his eyes . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 maybe he 'd been falling for her from the very first day-when she jabbed a needle in his arm and took his blood . 
 his holly ... always after his blood . 
 but he 'd known for sure how he felt about her when he saw holly lying so still on the infirmary floor . 
 when her heart had stopped , his had , too . 
 her lips began to lift in a small smile . 
 `` uh ... we 've got an island full of blood-thirsty monsters . 
 a prison gone wild . 
 get your horny hands off my sister and follow orders , mcguire . '' 
 duncan spared a glance for pate . 
 `` when this is over , i 'm marrying her . '' 
 pate raised one brow . 
 `` when this is over , you 'd damn well better . '' 
 what ? 
 `` did he tell you who was helping him ? '' 
 pate asked as his eyes cut to ian 's prone body . 
 `` no . '' 
 there had n't been time to force answers . 
 only time to live or die . 
 `` we just know that he 's in the fbi , someone high up , and that he 's a werewolf . '' 
 pate 's eyelashes flickered . 
 `` that 's more than enough . '' 
 `` you know who the bastard is ? '' 
 `` no , but i know how to trap him now , and for the moment , that 's good enough . '' 
 there was no more time for talk then . 
 they could hear voices crying out in pain and screaming for help . 
 they ran out , heading to fight , and duncan looked back just once before he followed pate . 
 holly was beside connor . 
 helping him lie down on a gurney . 
 saving his brother . 
 just as she 'd saved him . 
 *** she stitched up the humans and the werewolves . 
 gave bagged blood to the vampires who needed it in order to survive . 
 two men died . 
 humans . 
 guards who just did n't wake up from whatever gas ian had sent pumping through the ventilation . 
 five other guards were caught-all wearing gas masks-as they tried to leave the prison . 
 now they were the prisoners . 
 held in a cell just beyond the infirmary . 
 `` bite them , '' the order came from pate , but it was n't an order he gave to her . 
 holly glanced up and saw shane closing in on the men . 
 `` make them tell us everything they know . '' 
 holly eased out a slow breath . 
 compulsion . 
 pate was n't going to stop until he had his answers . 
 he glanced over at her . 
 his eyes narrowed on her face . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 `` do n't what ? '' 
 she tossed away her bloody gloves . 
 all the patients had been tended to . 
 or at least , she 'd done what she could . 
 more guards had been flown in on choppers , more doctors , too . 
 things were under control in purgatory , for the most part . 
 `` do n't look at me like i 'm a stranger , '' pate said . 
 there actually seemed to be pain whispering in his voice . 
 she realized that was exactly the way she 'd seen him . 
 `` i do n't know you anymore . '' 
 he turned and caught her hands . 
 behind him , she saw shane enter the cell with the guards . 
 pate said , `` i never wanted to risk you , not in any way . '' 
 `` but you 'd risk duncan ? '' 
 because he had . 
 `` i had a job to do . 
 more lives that you can guess were depending on me . '' 
 `` that does n't make duncan expendable . '' 
 pate shook his head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` were you setting him up all along , just so that he 'd be strong enough to fight whoever was waiting in this prison ? '' 
 pate searched her eyes . 
 `` he wanted you . 
 i saw it in his eyes the first time he looked at you . '' 
 that was n't an answer to her question . 
 the infirmary doors squeaked open behind her . 
 duncan . 
 she knew it was him without even looking . 
 she could smell him . 
 feel him . 
 `` you wanted him , i saw that , too , but you were n't going to risk being with a human . 
 you thought you were too dangerous . '' 
 her hands clenched within his grip . 
 `` i knew what potential duncan had inside of him , and i knew that if he was going to be with my sister , then he 'd have to be strong enough to protect her . '' 
 she did n't want to hear this . 
 she 'd asked but - `` i made him strong enough . '' 
 insane . 
 cold-blooded . 
 pate 's eyes cut over her shoulder . 
 `` you 're welcome , mcguire . 
 do n't worry , you can thank me later . '' 
 pate began to stalk past them . 
 holly 's hand flew out . 
 she grabbed pate 's arm . 
 `` you owe him . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i owe a lot of people . '' 
 `` you owe him , and you 're gon na pay . '' 
 even if she had to make him do it . 
 `` and just what payment is it that i owe ? '' 
 `` let his brother go . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 duncan and pate said at the same time . 
 then pate shook his head . 
 `` that man is a killer . 
 there 's no way he 's leaving this island . '' 
 duncan had fallen silent once more . 
 `` what if he 's not a killer ? 
 what if he 's not the man you think at all ? '' 
 because she 'd seen a different side of connor . 
 he 'd been in the infirmary , and he 'd helped her work on the prisoners . 
 he was n't a cold-blooded killer , she was sure of it . 
 `` check him out . 
 dig deeper . 
 find out the truth about him . 
 if he 's not the man you think , then let him go . '' 
 pate stared down at her . 
 a tense moment passed , then , `` you know i 'd do anything for you . '' 
 even force her lover to become more than human ? 
 yes , she was getting that idea . 
 that terrifying , horrible idea . 
 pate nodded grimly . 
 `` i 'll dig deeper . 
 shane can compel or you can or - '' `` i can , '' duncan growled . 
 `` i 'll be the one to find out my brother 's secrets . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 pate exhaled on a rough sigh . 
 `` if he is n't the killer we think , he 'll go free . 
 you have my word . '' 
 then pate was walking away . 
 holly reached for duncan 's hand . 
 `` oh , duncan , just so you know ... '' pate had stopped near the guards ' cell . 
 shane was inside . 
 the guards were n't moving . 
 duncan frowned at him . 
 `` i was bullshitting before . 
 getting you amped before the battle . 
 i do know your weakness , and i 'm not talking about the desperate need you seem to have for my sister . '' 
 pate glanced back at him . 
 `` if you ever hurt her , i 'll make everything that 's passed before this moment seem like a f ** king cake walk for you . 
 got me ? '' 
 duncan 's fingers twined with holly 's . 
 `` i got you . '' 
 he did n't sound scared , though . 
 pate grunted and entered the cell . 
 duncan 's attention turned back to holly . 
 `` i got you , '' he said again , the words softer . 
 they were in a prison for paranormals . 
 she was a vampire . 
 he was , well , alpha , but she 'd never been happier than she was in that moment . 
 `` you wo n't ever hurt me , '' she said , absolutely sure of that . 
 `` no , i wo n't . '' 
 his lips feathered over hers . 
 `` i 'll just love you , for the rest of my life . '' 
 he kissed her again , then he was pulling her from the infirmary . 
 more federal agents were there . 
 she knew that pate had hand-picked all of those agents . 
 she and duncan passed them all , went outside , out into the darkness that waited . 
 but the darkness could be beautiful . 
 she 'd learned that fact . 
 and monsters ... they were n't all evil . 
 in fact , some of the monsters were actually heroes . 
 they climbed onto the boat . 
 a boat that would take them away from purgatory . 
 we 'll get you out , too , connor . 
 she knew they would , just as she knew her instincts about connor were n't wrong . 
 the mission was n't over , not completely , not yet . 
 but they 'd keep working until connor was free , and until the werewolf working against the para units had been stopped . 
 the boat cut through the dark water . 
 duncan pulled her close . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispered . 
 she 'd never get tired of hearing those words from him , and , since they both now had unnaturally long life spans ahead of them , she figured she 'd be hearing those wonderful words plenty of times . 
 she 'd died , lost her humanity , but found it again-with him . 
 she 'd found hope . 
 she 'd found love . 
 she 'd found her alpha . 
 a man with a wild side that she adored . 
 howls drifted on the wind behind them , and his arms tightened around her . 
 before them , the night seemed to stretch endlessly . 
 there was nothing for them to fear in the dark . 
 holly smiled and knew that her fangs would flash in the night . 
 epilogue pate stared at the werewolf and vampire who sat across from him . 
 the werewolf was sweating . 
 only to be expected . 
 this would be his first mission and his first chance to start earning some redemption . 
 `` you understand the mission ? '' 
 pate asked carefully . 
 someone was trying to start a war between the humans and paranormals . 
 it was pate 's job to stop that war . 
 by any means necessary . 
 connor nodded quickly . 
 `` y-yes . '' 
 `` and you 'll do what i say , follow the orders you 're given without question ? '' 
 another nod . 
 `` good . '' 
 despite what he 'd learned about the werewolf , pate still did n't trust him . 
 not completely . 
 but then , he did n't trust anyone completely . 
 except for holly . 
 pate 's gaze cut to the vampire . 
 the oldest vampire he knew , and one that had cheated death more times than should be possible . 
 `` and you 're willing to take the risk ? '' 
 shane smiled , flashing his fangs . 
 `` purgatory will be a walk in the park . '' 
 no , it would n't be . 
 but there were more answers to be found in that prison . 
 answers that he thought the vampires there could give to him . 
 he just needed a strong vampire to find those answers . 
 a vampire and a werewolf . 
 because sometimes , it took monsters to save the world . 
 `` then , gentlemen , let 's get started ... '' 
