 chapter one betrayed . 
 the knowledge burned through ryder duncan 's gut like acid , burned almost as much as the horrible , consuming hunger that had gnawed at him over the months he 'd been held captive in this hell . 
 the hunger that still ate at him . 
 he paced his cell . 
 ten feet wide . 
 twelve feet long . 
 he 'd paced this same path over and over again . 
 and he could n't f ** king get out . 
 his hands punched into the nearest wall . 
 the walls of his prison were all made with heavy , thick stone , and even his enhanced strength could n't break through them . 
 though he 'd sure tried his hardest to punch his way out . 
 for his trouble , he 'd gotten broken and bloody knuckles . 
 blood . 
 without fresh blood to fuel his body , he was just growing weaker every day . 
 at this point , ryder knew he was operating on instinct . 
 primitive drive . 
 for someone like him , the most primitive drive was bloodlust . 
 ryder stilled when he heard the sound of footsteps approaching his cell . 
 guards . 
 coming by to taunt him . 
 if they would just make the mistake of stepping into his cell , getting close enough for him to touch ... i 'd drain them dry . 
 his fangs were fully extended in his mouth . 
 the hunger was too intense for anything else . 
 some vamps could go for days without feeding , no problem . 
 he could handle days . 
 he could n't handle weeks . 
 months . 
 the bastards were starving him , and starvation was one very painful and cruel way to kill a vampire . 
 he clenched his fists and turned away from the door . 
 he did n't want the guards to see how close to breaking he was . 
 if they saw , they would be afraid , and then they 'd never step inside his cage . 
 the footsteps grew closer . 
 he tried to calm his rushing heartbeat so that he could focus on the prey that approached , but the frantic thunder echoing in his ears would n't slow down . 
 when he got out of his prison , he 'd make his betrayer pay . 
 not an easy death . 
 one that took so very long . 
 a bright light flashed on above him , and ryder held himself perfectly still . 
 he knew what the light meant . 
 the humans outside were watching him through their two-way mirror . 
 he turned his head , the move taking a strange amount of effort , and ryder glanced at that mirror . 
 he 'd tried to shatter it . 
 had n't worked . 
 the men who 'd built this place had known just how to supernatural-proof their prison . 
 `` how are you feeling , ryder ? '' 
 a voice asked , one tinged with the slightest hint of the south . 
 he knew that voice . 
 dr. richard wyatt . 
 the warden of this hell . 
 hell was a so-called research facility-the genesis facility . 
 humans thought the supernaturals inside this place had volunteered to be test subjects . 
 day and night , experiments were performed on them . 
 the experiments that were supposed to help good old uncle sam develop a bigger , stronger fighting force-before uncle sam 's enemies created that force and beat 'em to the punch . 
 maybe some of the supernaturals had been stupid enough to volunteer as guinea pigs . 
 ryder had n't volunteered . 
 he 'd been tricked . 
 betrayed . 
 drugged . 
 he 'd woken in this cell , been kept prisoner for too long , and he wanted out . 
 one way or another , he would get his freedom back , even if he had to kill every guard in the place in order to get it . 
 `` come in , '' ryder growled back to wyatt . 
 `` and i 'll show you . '' 
 he 'd been longing to rip out wyatt 's throat . 
 the doctor laughed . 
 `` i 'm afraid that 's not possible , but i am growing concerned for you . '' 
 bullshit . 
 the doctor was f ** king frankenstein-one who was obsessed with experimenting on the monsters who were already in the world . 
 but soon enough , those monsters would be coming for him . 
 ryder had the sadistic prick marked for death . 
 `` i 've never seen a vampire go so long without food . 
 most die of starvation long before this point . '' 
 and there was a tidbit most humans did n't know . 
 folks usually thought you had to stake a vamp to kill him . 
 or behead him . 
 but those were the fast ways to die . 
 if you wanted a vamp to suffer , you made him go without blood . 
 slow starvation . 
 he 'd wither before your eyes . 
 i 'm not withering . 
 because he was n't your average vamp . 
 wyatt had realized that , so the real games were probably about to begin . 
 `` how is it that you 're still standing ? '' 
 wyatt wanted to know with that annoying , clinical curiosity of his . 
 `` come in , '' ryder invited again as he snapped his teeth together . 
 `` find out . '' 
 silence . 
 then , `` open the door , '' wyatt ordered , and ryder blinked , stunned . 
 they were opening his cell door ? 
 his muscles trembled in preparation . 
 the first person to come through that door was already dead , the fool just did n't know it . 
 he could move fast , so fast , now that the drugs were out of his system . 
 he 'd have his teeth in the guard 's neck within seconds . 
 and as soon as he got that blood in him ... i 'll come for you , wyatt . 
 metal grated as the door opened . 
 `` i do n't want you to starve , '' wyatt 's voice explained from the speaker above ryder 's head . 
 `` your death would teach me nothing new . 
 so i 'm giving you sustenance . 
 try not to damage her too much . '' 
 her ? 
 ryder whirled around and lunged for the prey at his door . 
 but it was n't a guard who came inside . 
 no , the guard shoved the woman over the threshold even while the man-a sweating , balding mass of fear-shot backward and slammed the heavy door shut again as quickly as he could . 
 ryder 's hands curled around her arms . 
 the scent of fresh flowers surrounded him and the woman-tall , slim-tilted her head back as she stared up at him in absolute horror . 
 `` do n't hurt me , '' she whispered . 
 `` please . '' 
 he could already taste her blood . 
 his hands tightened around her arms . 
 ryder had n't expected ... he could hear the throb of her blood . 
 drink it . 
 drain her . 
 if he put his mouth on her , ryder was n't sure he 'd be able to stop . 
 and , wyatt , damn him , he knew that . 
 ryder 's gaze raked her face . 
 wide , scared eyes . 
 dark brown . 
 deep . 
 golden skin , skin that looked as if it had been kissed by the sun . 
 she had delicate features , a curving chin , high cheekbones , and a small nose . 
 her lips were trembling , full , tinted the faintest pink . 
 his gaze dropped to her neck . 
 a lovely neck , with the pulse pounding so frantically . 
 her hands slammed into his chest . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 `` go right ahead , ryder , '' wyatt 's voice droned , like a father giving a child permission to play with a favorite toy . 
 she 's a human , not a toy . 
 even though he knew plenty of vampires who thought humans were just playthings-good for food and f ** king-that was n't the way ryder thought . 
 not anymore . 
 she shook her head , sending the heavy curtain of her hair-brown but shot with red highlights-over her shoulders . 
 `` mister , you 've got some real big teeth , and i 'd appreciate it if you kept them away from me . '' 
 her voice was husky , low , and sexy . 
 it whispered with an accent he 'd heard before , down in new orleans . 
 smoky . 
 rolling . 
 `` please , '' she said again , as her hands pushed against his chest . 
 but he could n't let her go . 
 ryder inhaled again . 
 she smelled so good . 
 he knew she 'd taste even better . 
 `` just a few sips , '' ryder told her because he was past the point of pulling away . 
 the hunger was too strong . 
 it was n't the man who wanted her blood . 
 it was the beast who had no control . 
 she yelped and kicked out at him . 
 he barely felt the blows . 
 `` take as much as you need , ryder , '' the doctor 's satisfied voice told him . 
 `` she 's all yours . '' 
 he grabbed the woman , twisted , and forced her back against the right wall . 
 they were across from that damn two-way mirror , and his bigger body easily shielded hers , blocking her from wyatt 's view . 
 `` i 'm ... sorry . '' 
 he barely managed to grit the words , but he had to say them . 
 he hated her fear . 
 hated that he was the one who made her afraid . 
 she stopped struggling . 
 `` do n't be sorry , just let me go . '' 
 the thunder of her blood was the best music he 'd ever heard . 
 `` have n't ... fed ... too long . '' 
 `` i 'm not your midnight snack . '' 
 her words were brave , but he saw the fear in her eyes . 
 `` i 'm a person , dammit ! 
 now let me go . '' 
 he could n't . 
 his head lowered toward her throat . 
 `` i 'll hold on to my ... control . '' 
 ryder hoped the words were n't a lie . 
 `` i just need a little ... blood . '' 
 there was nowhere for her to run . 
 she was pinned to the thick stone behind her and trapped with him in front of her . 
 but she shoved her head back against the stone as she tried to put a feeble distance between them , and , unfortunately for her , that move just had the effect of exposing more of her throat to him . 
 `` you ca n't be real , '' she whispered . 
 `` your teeth ... your eyes ... none of this is real . 
 they drugged me . 
 i 'm hallucinating . '' 
 if only . 
 poor lady . 
 she 'd probably had no clue about the monsters that walked in this world , not until wyatt had tossed her into hell . 
 `` just ... hold still . 
 it 'll be ... over soon . '' 
 just a few sips . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she screamed , then she rammed against him , a blow that was surprisingly powerful . 
 powerful enough to send him stumbling back five feet . 
 his ass hit the floor because he 'd never expected that kind of attack from her . 
 humans were n't strong enough to toss vamps around like that . 
 the intercom crackled . 
 `` ah , now , sabine , that was n't part of the deal . 
 i told you that if you provided nourishment for my guest , then we 'd discuss your freedom . '' 
 her chest heaved . 
 a nice chest , he noticed , even through the rage and hunger . 
 full br ** sts . 
 `` i 'm not nourishment ! '' 
 she yelled as she glared into the two-way mirror . 
 `` you ca n't do this to me ! 
 i have rights ! '' 
 `` your rights do n't exactly apply here . '' 
 wyatt did n't sound concerned . 
 why would he ? 
 the guy had the might of the u.s. military backing his little `` experiments . '' 
 the worst f ** king mistake the paranormals had ever made was coming out of the closet . 
 but some idiots just could n't keep quiet . 
 they 'd shown themselves to humans . 
 gotten tired of living by the old ways-or hell , maybe even technology had been to blame . 
 too much advancement . 
 cameras everywhere . 
 eyes always watching . 
 it was hard to hide the beast inside when big brother was always spying on you . 
 so they 'd come out , and now there were freaks like wyatt who thought they could harness their paranormal power . 
 use science to make magic into their weapon of choice . 
 `` if you are n't cooperating , ms. acadia , we can always take you back to your cell . '' 
 wyatt 's voice lowered and he said , `` guard , retrieve - '' `` i do n't want my cell ! 
 i want to go home ! 
 i want - '' ryder pounced . 
 in an instant , he had her in his arms . 
 he twisted her hands and secured them behind her body . 
 she was struggling , definitely using more than just human strength , but he was prepared for her this time . 
 she was n't getting away . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you , '' he told her . 
 and ryder hoped the words were n't a lie . 
 sometimes , the bite could bring a woman pleasure . 
 a better release than sex . 
 sometimes , the bite could bring pain . 
 worse than torture . 
 he did n't want her to hurt . 
 his mouth was desert dry . 
 his fangs fully extended and aching . 
 he could already taste her . 
 i just want her . 
 his tongue swept over her neck . 
 sampled , then he sank his teeth into her throat . 
 the woman-sabine-gasped against him . 
 her body arched into his as the first tender drops of her blood spilled onto his tongue . 
 `` make sure the recording is operational . '' 
 wyatt 's voice seemed to come from far away . 
 `` i want to get every bit of this . '' 
 but wyatt and what he wanted did n't matter . 
 sabine 's blood was on ryder 's tongue , and her blood was like nothing he 'd ever tasted in all of his years of existence . 
 not just warm-the blood was hot . 
 spicy . 
 rich with flavor . 
 he wanted to lap it up , to savor it . 
 to gorge on it . 
 his hands hardened on her . 
 he 'd meant to take just a few drops . 
 he wanted to lift his head away . 
 wanted to so badly , but her blood was too good . 
 he drank more , greedy now . 
 desperate . 
 her blood flowed through him , heating his body from the inside out and sending tendrils of power pulsing through him . 
 some humans tasted of wine . 
 some of the euphoria that came from drugs . 
 no one had ever tasted like her . 
 life . 
 sex . 
 pleasure . 
 everything he wanted was right there , in her blood . 
 he drank deeper . 
 `` s-stop . '' 
 her voice was weaker than before . 
 he did n't want to stop . 
 he 'd looked for this-he 'd always wanted this taste . 
 craved it , when he had n't even known what he was missing . 
 his body seemed to be growing stronger , the muscles tensing , with every drop of her blood that he took . 
 she sagged against him , and ryder scooped her into his arms , holding her even when her head fell to the side and her breath rattled in her chest . 
 more . 
 more . 
 at first , he thought the urging was just inside of himself , but then he realized that bastard wyatt was the one urging him on . 
 and the woman ... sabine was n't fighting him any longer . 
 she barely seemed to be breathing . 
 he jerked his head away . 
 stared down at her in disbelief . 
 he had n't taken that much , had he ? 
 but he could n't remember how long he 'd been drinking . 
 he only knew - i still want more . 
 he lifted her higher against his chest . 
 held her cradled in his arms . 
 there was no more weakness for him . 
 only strength . 
 but she ... her lashes were closed . 
 a fear unlike any he 'd known before had his whole body tensing . 
 he 'd just found her . 
 ryder knew he could n't lose her this soon . 
 not . 
 now . 
 and sure as hell not by his own hand . 
 or teeth . 
 he brought his wrist to his mouth . 
 slashed open the flesh . 
 he knew what she needed . 
 `` drink for me . '' 
 she 'd be all right once she drank his blood . 
 `` no ! '' 
 wyatt 's voice thundered out . 
 `` stop ! 
 put sabine down and back away . '' 
 `` fuck off . '' 
 he lowered them both to the floor so he could better tend to her . 
 but he kept her close as he put his wrist to her mouth . 
 `` drink . '' 
 she 'd just need a little of his blood , and she 'd heal . 
 if she 'd just drink ... an alarm began to sound . 
 voices shouted over the intercom . 
 then footsteps rushed outside of his door . 
 the guards were finally coming in to face him . 
 now was the perfect time to kill them . 
 but if he moved away from sabine , she 'd die . 
 she needed more of his blood . 
 she needed him to survive . 
 his eyes narrowed on her face . 
 what are you ? 
 she 'd been afraid , but she 'd still fought him . 
 she 'd stared at a monster and asked to go home . 
 now she was almost at death 's broken door . 
 `` get away from her ! '' 
 wyatt was shrieking now . 
 she was n't drinking . 
 he pried open her mouth . 
 forced drops of blood onto her tongue and then massaged her neck , trying to make sabine swallow . 
 live . 
 the guards grabbed him , trying to yank him away from her . 
 hell , no . 
 he threw them back . 
 heard thuds when they hit the walls . 
 `` you have to swallow the blood , '' he told her , voice dark and rumbling with command . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 i did n't mean to do this . 
 she 'd been so afraid . 
 he 'd told her that he 'd hold on to his control . 
 but the beast that he was had n't been able to hold on . 
 the beast ... ryder ... he destroyed . 
 that was his life . 
 all he knew . 
 and he 'd destroyed her , too . 
 his vision seemed to blacken . 
 she was the only thing he could see in that growing darkness . 
 beautiful , so still . 
 his head sagged over her . 
 `` please . '' 
 now he was the one to beg . 
 he 'd tasted heaven , and he 'd tossed her to hell , all in one instant of time . 
 `` get away from her ! '' 
 wyatt 's voice was n't on the loudspeaker any longer . 
 it was right there . 
 in the room with him . 
 kill him . 
 ryder 's head jerked up . 
 he bared his fangs . 
 and ... and felt her mouth move lightly against his wrist . 
 she was trying to drink , to take his blood . 
 sabine was fighting to live . 
 yes . 
 his gaze snapped back to her . 
 `` that 's it ! 
 come on , just drink some - '' gunshots blasted . 
 bullets drove into his chest . 
 one . 
 two . 
 three . 
 the force of the hits had him falling back even as his blood sprayed the wall behind him . 
 `` i told you , '' wyatt raged as he lifted his weapon . 
 wyatt had fired ? 
 `` back away from the female subject ! '' 
 ryder ignored the pain and reached for her again . 
 `` stop him , '' wyatt ordered . 
 ryder realized the guards were back on their feet . 
 `` shoot him until he stops moving . 
 the bullets wo n't kill him , but they can put him down for a time . '' 
 then the bullets exploded , popping like firecrackers over and over again as they sank into ryder 's body . 
 his chest . 
 his arms . 
 he hit the floor . 
 blood seeped from his wounds . 
 pooled around him on the stone floor . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 wyatt lifted his hand . 
 his eyes went from ryder to sabine . 
 her head had turned and her eyes-wide open , still alive-were on ryder . 
 he could see the life in her gaze . 
 she was trying to come back to him . 
 trying . 
 she just needed more of his blood . 
 her hand had lifted . 
 was she reaching for him ? 
 ryder gathered every single ounce of strength that he had . 
 `` my ... blood ... '' only a little more , and she 'd be fine . 
 he could save her . 
 her death-unlike all the others-wouldn ' t be on him . 
 he started crawling to her through the blood . 
 `` she 's gon na live , '' one of the guards muttered . 
 `` i thought he was supposed to kill her . '' 
 he could be more than a killer . 
 she could be more than a victim . 
 blood soaked his clothes . 
 the power he 'd gotten from her rich blood was gone , stolen away by a hail of bullets . 
 `` he did kill her . '' 
 wyatt 's voice was flat . 
 `` we just have to wait for her to die . '' 
 no ! 
 `` can ... help ... '' he was almost to her side . 
 `` chain him , '' wyatt ordered . 
 `` he 's too weak to fight you . 
 chain the vampire and let him watch . '' 
 their arms grabbed him . 
 jerked him away from her . 
 but he was n't as weak as they thought , not even with the bullets lodged in his organs . 
 ryder fought them , clawing and snapping with his fangs . 
 half a dozen guards had to jump on him and yank him back to the far wall . 
 then they locked thick chains around his wrists , trapping him . 
 the guards hurried back as soon as those locks snapped in place . 
 they were bloody now , too-from the wounds he 'd given them . 
 when they moved away , he saw her again . 
 her chest was struggling to rise . 
 her eyes were still open . 
 `` do n't ... do this , '' he growled as he strained to break free . 
 wyatt walked around her , staring down at sabine as she sprawled on the floor . 
 `` why do you even care ? 
 should n't she just be food to you ? '' 
 ryder did n't speak . 
 he would n't tell this bastard anything about himself . 
 `` i think one of the bullets must have ripped into your heart '' - wyatt did n't sound particularly concerned - `` you 're bleeding far too much . 
 hmmm ... i should have considered ... will that wound to the heart kill you ? '' 
 no . 
 it would n't . 
 he was healing already . 
 `` i did n't intend for them to shoot you in the heart . '' 
 wyatt frowned at the guards . 
 `` errors like that can not be tolerated here . '' 
 the guy was psychotic . 
 a bullet to the heart was n't normally an error . 
 it was murder . 
 `` you 're just ... gon na watch ... her die ? '' 
 ryder yanked at the chains and did n't care when they cut into his wrists . 
 he 'd heal . 
 he always healed . 
 she wo n't . 
 `` yes . '' 
 wyatt nodded and offered an almost-absent smile . 
 `` yes , yes , i am . '' 
 her eyes were on ryder-her eyes ... he saw the life leave them . 
 actually saw a veil of nothing sweep into her stare . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he yanked at the chains , twisting his hands , breaking his wrists as he fought to get free . 
 he smashed his fingers as he tried to jerk his hand through the ring that bound his wrist . 
 he did n't feel the pain as he struggled . 
 dead . 
 `` exit , '' wyatt snapped , `` now . '' 
 the guards started hauling ass . 
 they were leaving her like that ? 
 just sprawled on the floor like a broken doll ? 
 maybe there was still time . 
 his right wrist shattered . 
 maybe . 
 `` if i were you , i would n't move , '' wyatt advised ryder with a quick frown as he paused by the door . 
 `` this is her first change . 
 i have no idea how powerful it will be . '' 
 ryder did n't understand the bastard . 
 he was moving , all right . 
 wo n't give up . 
 wo n't - the door slammed shut behind wyatt and his men . 
 and ... the scent of smoke teased ryder 's nose . 
 what the hell ? 
 his gaze snapped back to sabine . 
 her eyes were still open , only her eyes were n't dark brown any longer . 
 the brown was changing , turning to a gold , then seeming to burn red . 
 red like fire . 
 the scent of smoke deepened around him . 
 ryder pulled his broken right hand free . 
 now the other - her body began to burn . 
 he yelled then , roaring her name , but the fire did n't stop . 
 it blazed hotter , higher , and swept over sabine 's slender form . 
 the white-hot heat from the blaze rushed over his skin , almost singeing him . 
 sprinklers erupted with a powerful spray from overhead , and the water drenched him but did nothing to stop the blaze that consumed sabine . 
 his breath rasped out . 
 ryder stopped fighting for his freedom . 
 there was nothing to be done now . 
 no one could come back from those flames . 
 so there was nothing for him to do in the end but watch the fire burn , to hate himself for the monster that he was , and to wish that sabine acadia had never had the misfortune to walk into his prison . 
 but then something began to move within those flames . 
 she moved , and ryder realized that wyatt 's experiments were just getting started . 
 because even though she 'd just died right in front of him , even though sabine was burning , it sure looked like she was trying to rise from the fire . 
 chapter two the flames were all she knew . 
 burning so hot , but not hurting her . 
 she saw fire-red and gold , so bright . 
 she tasted ash . 
 the flames grew higher . 
 pain and rage and fear and hate began to churn within her . 
 something had happened to her . 
 something bad . 
 she knew it , but she could n't remember exactly what had happened . 
 she could n't ... remember much of anything . 
 just the fire . 
 but then the flames began to die away . 
 slowly , the fury of the fire became just a flicker , then faded to mere wisps of smoke around her bare feet . 
 she stood in some kind of room . 
 with heavy , perhaps stone walls . 
 she instinctively knew the walls were made of stone-but she did n't know where she was . 
 fear made her heart beat faster . 
 her gaze searched the small room , flying from the left to the right and she saw ... him . 
 against the back wall , stood a bloody man , blisters on his skin , his eyes-a wild green , bright and fierce-locked on her . 
 there was disbelief in his eyes , shock carved into the hard , chiseled planes of his face . 
 and there was a chain around his wrist . 
 `` how the hell , '' his voice rasped out , deep and rumbling , and sending a shiver over her skin , `` did you do that ? '' 
 she just stared at him . 
 he seemed familiar . 
 her head tilted as she gazed at him . 
 they were alone in the room . 
 he was hurt . 
 she was ... naked ? 
 frowning , she glanced down at her body . 
 maybe she should cover herself , but she did n't . 
 the fury inside her left no room for modesty . 
 destroy . 
 burn . 
 whispers that came from within . 
 she took a step closer to the man . 
 he lifted a hand toward her . 
 a broken , twisted hand . 
 `` i thought you were dead . '' 
 i was . 
 the same whisper in her mind . 
 `` sabine , what happened ? '' 
 the name echoed in her mind . 
 sabine . 
 an image flashed in front of her . 
 a man , with dark red hair and a wide grin , chasing a little girl near a river . 
 sabine , you 're too fast for me ! 
 i can never catch you . 
 her head began to throb . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` you do n't remember me ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` why are you chained ? '' 
 `` because they wanted to stop me from getting to you . '' 
 she stilled . 
 the ache in her head grew worse . 
 swelled higher . 
 the rush of blood within her veins felt like the burn of fire . 
 the man stood just a few feet away from her . 
 he was tall , muscled , and covered in so much blood . 
 she glanced down at her own body . 
 not a drop of blood was on her skin . 
 her gaze rose back to meet his . 
 `` where are my clothes ? '' 
 surely she had n't just been ... na ** d ... with him . 
 `` they burned away . '' 
 his shoulders straightened . 
 he was a big one , tall , with thick shoulders and a muscled chest . 
 a bleeding muscled chest . 
 `` you died , then you burned . '' 
 a shocked laugh came from her . 
 `` you 're crazy . '' 
 she was n't dead . 
 and he ... his intense gaze caused the faintest flickers of fear to grow in her belly . 
 as she stared at him , her body started shaking , a small tremble that seemed to come from her heart and reverberate through every muscle . 
 sucking in a deep breath , she spun away from him and rushed toward the door . 
 the guy was chained up , and he had to be that way for a reason . 
 since he could n't move , it seemed to make pretty good sense that she get away from him . 
 her hand lifted and she pounded her fist against the door . 
 fire immediately swept out from her hand and blazed a path up the door and toward the ceiling . 
 screaming , she leapt back , even as the sprinklers erupted overhead . 
 `` there they come again . '' 
 his dark mutter . 
 the icy water drenched her . 
 she tried pounding on the door again . 
 more fire , fire that did n't so much as singe her fingertips , but the door did n't open . 
 trapped . 
 she shook her hands , trying to stop the fire . 
 flames could n't be coming from her fingers . 
 that was n't possible . 
 this was just a nightmare . 
 she looked at her hands and saw-more fire . 
 nightmare . 
 she screamed and spun around to stare at the man . 
 except he was n't a man . 
 his fangs were bared-fangs ! 
 - and he was straining as he ripped his left wrist out of that cuff-like chain . 
 she heard the crunch of bones and she flinched , but he just gave a growl and wrenched his broken hand free . 
 then his gaze met hers . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` ryder . '' 
 he lifted his right hand . 
 pressed it to his bloody chest . 
 bones snapped and popped . 
 then he used that right hand-nausea rolled within her-to snap his left hand and its fingers back into place . 
 she raised her own hands before her . 
 the fire flickered above her fingers-freaking her the hell out-but she shouted , `` stay away from me ! '' 
 he was n't coming toward her . 
 he was digging something out of his chest . 
 clawing at his chest and pulling out something small and black . 
 he clawed at his chest again and again . 
 the objects that he pulled from his flesh-at least seven of them-looked like bullets . 
 ryder dropped them . 
 `` hope you 're getting a good show , wyatt . '' 
 who was wyatt ? 
 the throbbing in her head was driving her crazy . 
 burn . 
 the fire above her fingers flared higher . 
 she slammed her hands against the nearby wall and the flames shot up the stone instantly , heading to lick at the ceiling . 
 `` what is happening to me ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 a scream seemed to echo inside her head . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 his voice cut through that scream . 
 her head turned toward him . 
 their eyes met . 
 he was stalking toward her . 
 closing in . 
 `` stop the fire , '' he told her , his voice quiet . 
 `` i-i do n't know how ! '' 
 tears leaked down her cheeks . 
 her hands stayed on the wall . 
 she was afraid that if she lifted them up , she 'd shoot the flames right at him . 
 part of her wanted to hurt him . 
 part of her wanted to just hurt and destroy everything . 
 but another part ... another part was lost . 
 help me . 
 the flames continued to rise up the wall . 
 the man - ryder-kept coming toward her . 
 he had to feel the heat from the fire , but he did n't look afraid . 
 powerful . 
 dangerous . 
 but not afraid . 
 since flames were shooting from her hands , should n't she be the dangerous one ? 
 her nails dug into the wall . 
 `` stop the fire , sabine , '' ryder told her again , and her breath heaved out . 
 `` do n't you think i would , if i could ? '' 
 her head shook frantically . 
 the scream in her mind was back . 
 was that her scream ? 
 `` i ca n't ! 
 i - '' his fingers curled around her chin and stopped the shaking of her head . 
 she was afraid that the fire would spread to him , so her fingers shoved harder against the wall . 
 his body surrounded her . 
 she kept her hands on the wall . 
 he was touching her , and she was too terrified to touch him . 
 `` get away from me , '' she whispered . 
 she could n't even begin to guess at the emotions in his eyes as he gruffly said , `` i want to help you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she understood nothing that was happening . 
 `` why are we here ? 
 where are we ? '' 
 the flames seemed to burn hotter , while his touch on her skin felt curiously cool . 
 almost soothing . 
 `` you know me , right ? 
 we were here together ? '' 
 his fingers stroked her skin . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 `` i know you , '' he said . 
 his head lowered to her . 
 `` do n't let your control break . 
 fight this . '' 
 fight the fire ? 
 the scream inside ? 
 what ? 
 his lips took hers . 
 the kiss was the last thing she expected , and her gasp of surprise slipped into his mouth . 
 the kiss was soft , gentle , even as the fire raged on the wall near her . 
 the sprinklers kept pouring water on them . 
 water that dripped over her face and held her frozen against him . 
 no , it was n't the water that kept her immobile . 
 his mouth pressed lightly to her lips . 
 his tongue stroked inside , caressing her , tasting . 
 her heartbeat drummed in her ears , but the scream in her mind began to quiet down . 
 still afraid , her nails dug deeper into the wall . 
 his fingers slid down her neck . 
 a memory nagged at her . 
 an image . 
 his head , bending toward her . 
 `` please ... do n't ... '' her voice . 
 she knew it was . 
 her memory . 
 `` let me help you . '' 
 his whisper against her lips . 
 `` trust me . 
 i wo n't hurt you ... '' ryder 's words were rough , ragged . 
 did she imagine it or had he said ... i wo n't hurt you ... again . 
 but he was n't even close to hurting her now . 
 his lips were light on hers . 
 so soft and gentle and she wanted to kiss him back . 
 to taste him . 
 to forget the fire and just feel him . 
 `` i know what you are . '' 
 his lips feathered near the edge of her mouth . 
 `` i know . '' 
 slowly , his head lifted . 
 the water had soaked his hair dark . 
 droplets clung to his thick lashes . 
 slid down his cheeks . 
 high cheeks . 
 such a handsome , sexy face . 
 a face made to tempt a woman to sin . 
 her gaze followed those drops of water . 
 fell down to his lips . 
 sculpted , sensual . 
 but then-then - `` you have fangs . '' 
 did his lips curl in a faint smile ? 
 the smile was so brief it was hard to tell for sure . 
 then he said , `` and you 're burning the room around us . '' 
 she blinked up at him . 
 `` pull it back , love , '' he told her . 
 `` pull it back . '' 
 she did n't know how . 
 he kissed her again . 
 `` focus on me . '' 
 she wanted to , but it was hard with the giant wall of flames just inches away . 
 `` you should move away . '' 
 ryder shook his head . 
 `` i wo n't leave you . 
 i wo n't watch . '' 
 she did n't even know what that meant . 
 `` breathe , '' he told her . 
 `` slow . 
 deep . '' 
 his hand moved to rest over her heart . 
 `` too fast , '' ryder told her . 
 `` breathe . 
 you 're safe with me . '' 
 she wanted to believe him . 
 the scream in her mind-it had quieted so much , but her nails still dug into the wall . 
 she focused on getting her breaths to match his . 
 in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 the fire appeared to be shrinking . 
 the flames were flickering . 
 `` good . '' 
 his voice seemed to rumble inside her . 
 his touch-his hand-it was cool against her overheated flesh . 
 the edge of his thumb slid over her breast , and she gasped at the contact . 
 the flames flickered again . 
 she wanted to grab his hand and yank it away from her flesh , but she was afraid to touch him . 
 if he burned like the wall did , he would be dead instantly . 
 but he was tensing before her . 
 his head tilted even as his gaze flew toward the door . 
 `` they 're coming . '' 
 they ? 
 he dropped his hand . 
 the water kept falling on them . 
 `` stay behind me , '' he ordered . 
 `` no matter what happens . 
 stay behind me . '' 
 she yanked her hands away from the wall . 
 fisted them and shoved them behind her body . 
 the door was opening with a screech of metal that hurt her ears . 
 there were men there . 
 men who wore thick , heavy white suits and giant masks that covered their heads . 
 what in the hell ? 
 the men had guns in their hands , and their weapons were aimed at ryder . 
 `` do you really want to dig out more bullets , ryder ? '' 
 a low voice asked . 
 a voice that came from above them . 
 her head jerked up , and she saw a small speaker in the middle of the ceiling . 
 `` not really , '' ryder drawled , `` so i think i 'll just kill these bastards instead . '' 
 and he lunged forward , moving in a flash despite the blood that still covered him . 
 he was injured , hurt so badly , and - he killed a man while she watched . 
 yanked the gun from the guy 's hands . 
 turned the weapon back on the man in white and shot him . 
 blasted him in the heart and then aimed the gun on the others . 
 `` you should move faster , '' he told them . 
 they were trying to fire . 
 shooting with their weapons , and she lifted her hands , wanting the nightmare before her to stop . 
 flames flew from her fingers and headed right for ryder and the others . 
 the flames licked over ryder 's back . 
 he did n't even stop attacking . 
 i 'm sorry ! 
 the flames hit the other men . 
 the men in those heavy white suits , but the fire did n't hurt them . 
 `` you 'll have to burn hotter than that , '' the voice on the speaker said . 
 `` their suits are reinforced , and your temperature is far too low . '' 
 what ? 
 `` but if you keep the flames going , you may very well kill ryder , '' that droning voice told her . 
 she dropped her hands . 
 ryder had another guard on the floor . 
 the man 's neck had been broken . 
 ryder glanced over at her . 
 she screamed a warning at him . 
 more guards were coming . 
 they fired at him . 
 but the new guards were n't using regular bullets because no blood appeared when he was hit . 
 `` those tranq darts can take out anyone , '' the voice she already hated told her , `` even a monster as strong as ryder . '' 
 another guard lifted his weapon and fired at her . 
 ryder roared and grabbed him . 
 the man was dead before he hit the floor . 
 and she was hit . 
 a tranq dart was in her chest . 
 her knees gave way . 
 `` no point fighting , '' that annoying voice blasted out from the speaker . 
 `` like i told you , the tranqs can take out anyone . '' 
 her shoulder slammed into the floor . 
 she tried to push back up to her feet , but she could n't get her limbs to work right . 
 ryder was falling , too . 
 falling , but still fighting . 
 another dart sank into his neck . 
 then his head hit the floor . 
 the smack of his skull had her flinching and reaching out to him . 
 i 've reached for him before . 
 the memory was there , just beneath the surface of her mind . 
 he groaned when his body collapsed on the floor . 
 a guard went to step over him - ryder 's hand flew out , tripping the man . 
 `` i 'm not ... out yet , '' ryder growled . 
 `` stay the ... '' his fist slammed into the man 's mask , `` hell away from ... her . '' 
 her heart was slowing down . 
 it felt like she had mud in her veins , not blood . 
 ryder had yanked that man closer to him , and as she could only lie there and watch , ryder buried his fangs in the guy 's throat . 
 drinking from him . 
 her neck began to ache . 
 another memory was there , trying to push through . 
 `` get her out ! '' 
 the shout blasted from the intercom . 
 `` now ! '' 
 the men not unconscious or dead hurried to obey . 
 ryder was too weak to hold them all off , but he took two down . 
 two others grabbed her . 
 fire sputtered from her hands , but it did n't burn their suits . 
 they dragged her out , hauling her right past ryder . 
 he snarled in fury and tried to reach for her , but she knew the tranq must be having the same effect on him . 
 mud inside . 
 ca n't move . 
 ryder grabbed one of the fallen men . 
 sank his teeth into the unconscious man 's throat . 
 `` i 'll ... find ... '' ryder 's voice was following her . 
 her gaze found his . 
 blood stained his mouth . 
 his victim lay on the floor beside him . 
 two puncture wounds marked the man 's throat . 
 `` i 'll find ... you ... coming ... for you ! '' 
 ryder growled after her . 
 she was n't sure if his words were a threat , or a promise . 
 maybe they were both . 
 then she was outside of that small room . 
 the men in white lifted her onto some sort of gurney . 
 they strapped her in and rolled her down a hallway . 
 fluorescent lights flickered over her head . 
 she tried to break free , but the drug was still slowing her down . 
 a door opened . 
 the scent of bleach and antiseptic hit her . 
 another room . 
 `` let ... go , '' she whispered . 
 then a man leaned over her . 
 tall , dark , with green eyes . 
 not like ryder 's eyes . 
 this man 's eyes were a cold , arctic green . 
 chilling . 
 `` you 're lucky we got you away from him in time . '' 
 she did n't feel lucky . 
 `` sabine , i 'm sorry for what he did to you . '' 
 sabine . 
 there was the name again . 
 he smiled . 
 `` you do n't remember , do you ? 
 that happens sometimes , after a rising . '' 
 it 's the twilight zone . 
 she remembered that show . 
 the images of it flashed through her mind in quick succession . 
 i 'm in it . 
 someone . 
 get . 
 me . 
 out . 
 `` your memory will come back soon enough . 
 once you 've rested . '' 
 he shined a light in her eyes . 
 touched a hand to her skin and then jerked his fingers back , waving them as if they 'd been singed . 
 she 'd like to do more than singe him . 
 `` how did it feel ? '' 
 he asked her as he inserted a needle into her arm . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she gritted out at him . 
 that needle was freaking huge , and whoever this man was-i hate him . 
 the knowledge was there . 
 lost memory or not . 
 `` dying , '' he said , as if it were obvious . 
 `` how did it feel when ryder killed you ? '' 
 her heart seemed to stop . 
 `` you 're crazy . '' 
 she was n't dead . 
 she was talking to him . 
 living . 
 breathing . 
 and ryder had n't killed her . 
 he 'd been there to help her . 
 he 'd tried to calm her down so the fire would n't rage out of control . 
 he 'd done his best to protect her from the guards . 
 the man 's lips tightened . 
 `` you 'll tell me soon enough . 
 this was just the first of our experiments . '' 
 he pulled the needle from her arm . 
 nodded to someone that she could n't see . 
 `` you 'll beg to tell me . '' 
 she was n't begging him for anything . 
 `` just as you begged ryder to let you live . 
 but he did n't , did he ? 
 he just took your blood and left you to die . '' 
 the fury had drained from her . 
 only fear remained . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 he reached out to touch her face , but hesitated . 
 do n't want to get burned , do you ? 
 but ryder had n't gotten burned when he touched her . 
 he 'd held her , kissed her . 
 he had n't been afraid of her fire . 
 `` you can help to change the world . '' 
 `` let me go . '' 
 `` you can save lives . 
 make miracles . 
 and really , is death too much to ask from you ? '' 
 he turned away before she could tell the crazy bastard that , yeah , death was too much to ask . 
 `` it 's not like you wo n't just come back when you die . '' 
 his words were tossed back at her . 
 she could n't see him anymore . 
 the straps pressed her against the table and the drugs held her still . 
 `` you 're weaker than the other one , '' he said . 
 `` that is n't a bad thing , do n't worry . 
 i know how to make you stronger . 
 all you need are a few more deaths . '' 
 in . 
 sane . 
 `` we 'll start soon , do n't worry . 
 but i need to check on the vampire . 
 see what your blood has done to him . '' 
 ryder had drunk from her ? 
 the bastard in the lab coat had said ... did he kill me ? 
 no , that was crazy . 
 she was n't dead . 
 or was she ? 
 because this place , with its stark white ceiling , with the men who shot at her , and with the vampire who killed in front of her ... this place sure seemed like hell . 
 they dragged out the bodies while he was still weak . 
 they moved fast because they were smart . 
 even as the last body was hauled out of his cell , ryder was already pushing to his feet as his body fought the poison in his veins . 
 the sp tranq . 
 how he hated that bitch . 
 damn wyatt for every creating the drug that could knock even the most powerful of supernaturals on their asses . 
 the sp tranq was tailored for ryder and his brethren , guaranteed to temporarily immobilize even the strongest monsters out there . 
 and it was only the supernaturals that wyatt cared about . 
 this lab , the cells , they were all designed to hold supernatural beings so that wyatt could experiment on them . 
 ryder now knew exactly why sabine had been brought to his cell . 
 wyatt had wanted to gauge ryder 's reaction to her , and sabine-well , she was just another one of wyatt 's experiments . 
 a victim , one who did n't even seem to realize just what she 'd been . 
 not until she 'd died . 
 sabine acadia . 
 after drinking sabine 's blood , the guards ' blood had tasted like stale bread in his mouth . 
 she 'd been life . 
 warmth . 
 spice and wine . 
 he stalked toward the two-way mirror . 
 drove his fist into the surface . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 he 'd promised sabine that he 'd find her . 
 he would . 
 he 'd leave genesis , but he 'd be sure to take her with him . 
 then they 'd both burn this hellhole to the ground . 
 sabine would be so good at that burning . 
 `` i know you 're there , '' he snarled at his reflection , and he did know that wyatt was watching him . 
 ryder had tried to play it cool and not let the scientist realize just how enhanced his senses truly were , but screw that ruse . 
 he could smell the bastard in that other room . 
 `` where 'd you take her ? '' 
 his fist pounded into the mirror once more . 
 the intercom crackled . 
 `` why do you care , vampire ? '' 
 he knew the question came because he was n't supposed to care about anyone or anything . 
 as a rule , he did n't care-that was the reason wyatt had n't been able to break him . 
 do n't . 
 care . 
 `` you know what sabine is , do n't you ? '' 
 wyatt asked him . 
 yes , he knew . 
 she should n't have existed . 
 she should have only been a myth . 
 but vampires were supposed to just be myths , too . 
 and here the f ** k i am . 
 `` i know you 're playing with fire . 
 so when your ass gets burned , you 'll only have yourself to blame . '' 
 silence . 
 the kind that said he 'd pissed off wyatt . 
 that was the kind of silence he liked , but then wyatt said , `` that was her first death . 
 her first rising . 
 i do n't believe sabine had any idea just what she was . '' 
 hell , after that fire , she had n't even realized who she was standing there , her body naked , sexy and perfect , but her eyes looking so lost and confused . 
 he 'd wanted to protect her . 
 protecting was n't his bit . 
 killing was . 
 i 'm the reason she died . 
 wyatt had tossed her to him like a fresh piece of meat before a starving dog . 
 `` you knew what would happen when i tasted her blood . '' 
 `` ummm ... '' he heard the scribble of a pen as it scratched over paper . 
 wyatt , taking his notes . 
 always recording and analyzing every word and deed . 
 the human doctor who was supposed to take genetics to the next level . 
 supposed to create the perfect soldier-hell , those had been wyatt 's exact words to him . 
 with the power of the beasts here , we can create a military force that will be unstoppable . 
 wyatt sure liked to play with fire . 
 watch that , ass ** le , or you 'll get burned to ash . 
 even before he 'd been captured by wyatt and his goons , ryder had made it his mission to learn as much as possible about genesis , and the man at the helm of the organization . 
 the newspapers had been full of glowing stories about genius scientist dr. richard wyatt and his plans to use genesis as a research facility that would aid the u.s. government . 
 ryder had looked past those flashy stories-stories designed to fool humans and lull them into thinking that everything was okay , that they still lived in a safe world . 
 a world in which the supernaturals could be used and controlled . 
 yes , he 'd looked deeper , and he 'd discovered that paranormals were being abducted and forced into genesis . 
 once inside genesis , they did n't get out . 
 i will , though . 
 i 'll break free . 
 did the government realize how far wyatt was going , in the name of his so-called research ? 
 ryder bet they did , and the human suits just did n't care . 
 in his experience , supernaturals were highly expendable to humans . 
 silence filled the room , then wyatt finally said , `` vampires do n't just drink blood , they drink power . '' 
 ryder cursed . 
 like he needed a lesson on what his kind did . 
 if wyatt ever realized just who ryder was ... i 'll never get out of here . 
 not an option for him . 
 `` i knew sabine would have plenty of power for you . '' 
 enough power to drive him crazy from the rush . 
 he 'd never tasted anything quite like her . 
 probably never would again . 
 `` her fire did n't burn you . '' 
 wyatt 's words sank into ryder , and he tried to show no change of expression . 
 he 'd hoped the doctor had missed that part of the experiment . 
 he should have known better . 
 `` the fire went right over your back , but you have no wounds . '' 
 ryder smiled into the mirror . 
 where is she ? 
 `` you know vamps ... '' he slapped his chest . 
 the bullet wounds were gone . 
 `` fast healers . '' 
 especially him . 
 `` you did n't heal . 
 you just did n't get burned . '' 
 wyatt sounded annoyed then . 
 big deal . 
 ryder was way past the point of being annoyed . 
 `` why do n't you come in here ? '' 
 ryder invited him . 
 `` check me out . 
 see for yourself . '' 
 so i can rip open your throat . 
 `` you drank her blood ... hmmm ... was the blood what gave you immunity to her flames ? '' 
 now he figured wyatt was just talking for the hell of it . 
 `` it must have been . '' 
 ryder 's back teeth ground together . 
 `` vampires burn as fast as witches , but you did n't burn . '' 
 ryder saw the promise of death in the reflection that stared back at him . 
 wyatt would see that promise , too . 
 `` we 'll have to experiment more . '' 
 now wyatt was talking to the others who were with him . 
 more sadistic jerks in lab coats . 
 the ones who cut open the paranormals and pieced them back together . 
 well , mostly , anyway . 
 ryder knew the paranormals being held were n't always allowed to fully heal or even survive . 
 and they said he was the monster . 
 at least he did n't play with his food . 
 `` once she wakes up and she remembers ... '' yes , wyatt was definitely talking to his flunkies . 
 `` take her to the other vampire . '' 
 sabine . 
 ryder did n't move , but his fangs were suddenly burning in his mouth . 
 `` do n't f ** king dare . '' 
 another vampire ? 
 of course , he 'd known more of his kind were being held . 
 but another vampire and sabine ? 
 look what i did , and i 'm the oldest of our kind . 
 a younger vampire would never be able to hold back . 
 a younger vampire would hurt her , rip her skin . 
 tear her throat wide open . 
 then she 'd burn again . 
 the speaker crackled . 
 `` is there a problem ? '' 
 wyatt 's calm voice . 
 bastard , he knew he was baiting ryder . 
 `` not forming an attachment , are you , vampire ? 
 because i thought you were incapable of attachments . '' 
 yeah , well , he 'd thought the same thing , but sabine was changing the game for him . 
 she needed him , and , for once , he was going to protect someone-not just someone , her . 
 `` bring her back to me . '' 
 gritted out . 
 `` and if i do , what will you give me ? '' 
 wyatt wanted to immediately know . 
 it was a devil 's deal . 
 one that ryder had known would come , but he had no choice . 
 his hands dropped to his sides . 
 he stared straight ahead . 
 when he concentrated hard enough , he could see wyatt through the glass . 
 the fool did n't know it . 
 the doctor was smirking . 
 his stance too cocky . 
 his flunkies were n't nearly as close to the glass . 
 because they were afraid . 
 despite the guy 's iq , wyatt did n't seem to have the sense to fear . 
 when death comes , you wo n't be so cocky . 
 you 'll be so afraid then that you piss yourself . 
 death would be coming soon for wyatt . 
 `` what will you give me ? '' 
 the doctor asked again . 
 no choice . 
 `` whatever the hell you want . 
 just give sabine back to me . '' 
 silence . 
 wyatt 's gaze drifted down to his notes , and the men behind him shifted nervously . 
 then , finally , once he 'd proven that he thought the power was his , wyatt 's stare rose to meet ryder 's . 
 `` deal . '' 
 chapter three seven days . 
 seven long , f ** king days , and then they finally brought her back to him . 
 `` stand against the back wall , '' wyatt 's voice ordered , seeming to echo in the small room . 
 `` if you make a move to attack any of the guards , we 'll kill her . '' 
 again . 
 the word hung in the air . 
 ryder was n't in the mood to watch her die so he marched toward that back wall . 
 he lifted his hands , showing that he was n't attacking anyone , yet . 
 and he waited . 
 the footsteps came . 
 he caught the faint scent of flowers . 
 still ? 
 light , sweet . 
 even after everything , she still smelled of flowers ? 
 then the metal grated . 
 the door opened . 
 sabine stepped inside . 
 she was dressed in loose , gray sweats and a t-shirt . 
 her long hair tumbled around her shoulders . 
 her eyes were wide , nervous , and her dark stare instantly locked on him . 
 the guard behind her pressed his gun into her back . 
 ryder 's gaze jerked to the man 's face . 
 he knew that guard-mitchell . 
 barnes mitchell . 
 a prick who liked to dole out pain . 
 i 'll give you pain . 
 it was a promise ryder planned to keep . 
 sabine took a few steps forward . 
 the door swung shut behind her , the hollow clatter of the metal making her jump . 
 ryder lowered his hands . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` do n't even think of coming at me with those fangs again , vampire . '' 
 ah , so her memory was back . 
 his gaze swept over her . 
 he was glad there were n't any flames around her this time , but he had to confess that he 'd sure enjoyed the sight of her na ** d body . 
 his c ** k was hard just thinking about her lush curves . 
 control . 
 too many eyes were watching them , and he 'd already revealed too much weakness to wyatt . 
 `` if you can keep your fire in check , phoenix , then i 'll try to keep my fangs to myself . '' 
 she frowned at him . 
 `` what did you call me ? '' 
 his heart slammed into his chest . 
 `` you do n't know , do you ? '' 
 a small shake of her head . 
 fuck . 
 wyatt had let her die , and the woman had n't even known that she 'd be rising again . 
 she must have been so afraid . 
 his gaze fell to the floor . 
 her blood still stained the heavy , stone tiles . 
 `` i 'm ... sorry . '' 
 the words sounded harsh to his own ears . 
 he could n't remember the last time he 'd apologized to anyone . 
 `` sorry for what ? 
 biting me ? 
 drinking my blood ? '' 
 like a damn moth , he headed for her flame . 
 so beautiful . 
 her shoulders stiffened as he approached and one foot edged back . 
 poor phoenix , there was nowhere to run . 
 wyatt had made sure of that . 
 `` i 'm sorry i could n't save you . '' 
 too many had died over the long centuries of his existence . 
 he had n't stopped death but with sabine , things were different . 
 she can come back . 
 she 'd given him a second chance . 
 her breath whispered out . 
 `` you ... you made me drink your blood . '' 
 he noticed that her small hands fisted . 
 if she wanted to take a swing at him , he 'd let her . 
 she sure deserved some payback . 
 `` it was the only way i could think of to help you . 
 vampire blood is very powerful . 
 it can heal , just about anything . '' 
 and the blood had been working , until the guards had dragged him away from her . 
 mitchell had been one of those guards . 
 after the guards had chained him , ryder had n't been able to break out of the chains fast enough . 
 she 'd died . 
 burned . 
 her fist lifted . 
 he did n't even brace for the blow . 
 sure , a phoenix was powerful , but he 'd take - her palm flattened on his chest . 
 her fingers were still warm , far warmer than an average human 's , and the heat seemed to sink into him . 
 made him want her even more . 
 `` your heart 's beating . '' 
 her gaze held his . 
 `` i can see you breathing . 
 i-i thought vampires were supposed to be dead . '' 
 hollywood hype . 
 `` i think undead is the popular term in use . '' 
 `` and are you , um , undead , i mean ? '' 
 her hand still pressed against him . 
 so close to his heart . 
 `` were you a human who died and came back as a vampire ? '' 
 `` it did n't work quite that way , '' ryder murmured . 
 things had n't worked that way , not for him . 
 that was all he 'd say then . 
 all he could say , with wyatt and his doctor brigade watching . 
 his hand lifted and curled around her fingers . 
 `` do you know where we are ? '' 
 her laugh was bitter , but the sound of it still had his body tightening . 
 `` hell ? '' 
 sabine asked . 
 `` close enough . '' 
 his gaze cut to the mirror . 
 `` you know we 're being watched . '' 
 her head inclined . 
 `` wyatt . '' 
 she said the name with fury and fear . 
 `` why is he doing this to me ? 
 i did n't volunteer to be here like you - '' now it was ryder 's turn to laugh . 
 `` love , do you really think i volunteered to be kept in this hole ? 
 to be starved ? 
 tortured ? '' 
 oh , wyatt did enjoy his little experiments . 
 her hand trembled in his grip . 
 `` i was taken , '' he told her flatly . 
 `` set up . 
 betrayed . 
 drugged . '' 
 that damn sp tranq . 
 her long lashes flickered . 
 `` i was taken , too . 
 kidnapped . 
 they grabbed me when i was going home and threw me in the back of a van . 
 the next thing i knew , i was here , and they were-they told me if i came in the cell with you , then i 'd get to go home . '' 
 her voice dropped . 
 `` i just want to go home . '' 
 the longing in her voice twisted his heart . 
 the heart she 'd thought he did n't have . 
 wrong , love . 
 vampires breathe , their hearts beat . 
 we can love . 
 we can hate . 
 we can kill without hesitation . 
 she 'd seen him do that already . 
 `` why wo n't they let me go ? '' 
 she whispered , probably hoping that the microphones would n't pick up her words . 
 he pulled her into his arms . 
 she gasped and tried to fight , but he just tightened his hold . 
 ryder put his mouth against her ear and barely breathed the words as he spoke , `` because they know what you are . 
 they suspected before , but now they have proof . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you 're a phoenix . 
 you can die , burn , and rise from the ashes . '' 
 there was n't any time to build up to this reveal . 
 knowledge was power in this world , and she 'd need as much of it as she could get in order to face the battles coming her way . 
 she stiffened in his arms . 
 his lips brushed over her ear as he said , `` you 're powerful , and that makes you very dangerous . 
 wyatt is n't going to let you go . '' 
 no matter what promises the man made . 
 `` the only way we 're getting free is if we free ourselves . '' 
 his tongue licked lightly over the shell of her ear . 
 he could n't help it . 
 the woman was too tempting . 
 he also needed to give wyatt a show , to distract the guy from wondering about the words ryder was whispering to sabine . 
 her hands were on his arms , and at the touch of his tongue , her nails bit into his skin . 
 `` s-stop . '' 
 `` you can do it , '' he told her , knowing the words were true . 
 `` you just have to burn hot enough . '' 
 she could be the ticket out , for both of them . 
 he moved his head , letting his nose nuzzle along her cheek . 
 then his lips were just an inch away from her mouth . 
 not touching her , not yet . 
 `` burn hot , love , burn . '' 
 `` i do n't - i do n't understand what 's happening . 
 a phoenix ? 
 that 's - that 's a mythical bird . '' 
 most myths were based on truth . 
 there was no denying what he 'd seen with his own eyes . 
 `` when you die , you 'll burn and you 'll come back . 
 again and again . '' 
 he wanted to taste her . 
 that was why wyatt had agreed to let her come back . 
 wyatt wanted to watch his two test subjects interact . 
 no , wyatt wanted more than to just see them interact . 
 the guy was all about his experiments . 
 about creating a being who would be unstoppable . 
 you want us to f ** k . 
 you want to see if it 's possible for a vampire and a phoenix to reproduce . 
 'cause if we could , would n't that make the perfect little super-soldier for your army ? 
 `` i did n't even know my own name . '' 
 her stark confession . 
 she was lost . 
 scared . 
 `` when the fire cleared , i could n't even remember who i was . 
 i was lost . 
 there was ... you . '' 
 he had to kiss her . 
 ryder 's lips feathered over sabine 's . 
 she gasped lightly at the contact , but did n't pull away . 
 her nails were still pressing into his arms , and when his tongue slid into her mouth , the sting of her nails was a sweet pain . 
 then she kissed him back . 
 her tongue was hesitant at first , but she quickly grew a little bolder . 
 stroking him . 
 tasting him . 
 his c ** k swelled even more and pushed against her . 
 this was what wyatt wanted . 
 for ryder to seduce her . 
 to take her . 
 all part of the deal . 
 the guy had even sent in a small bed , when ryder had been sleeping on his floor during all the other long days and nights of his captivity . 
 the bed was supposed to make the f ** king easier . 
 and though ryder wanted her-hell , yes-he was n't about to f ** k on command . 
 not for wyatt . 
 not for anyone . 
 his mouth pulled away from hers . 
 `` what did wyatt tell you ? '' 
 `` that-that there were more experiments to come . '' 
 yes , there were . 
 the experiments would n't stop , unless they stopped them . 
 `` you have to call up the fire . '' 
 `` ryder ! '' 
 wyatt 's snarl blasted through the speaker . 
 screw him . 
 `` call up the fire , and none of the guards will be able to hurt you . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` they 'll drug me . 
 they keep injecting me . '' 
 `` burn hot enough , and the drug wo n't be able to get to you . '' 
 if she had a wall of flames in front of her , if she burned with all of her power , then she 'd be safe . 
 her gaze was so confused and scared . 
 she did n't understand . 
 dammit . 
 the guards would be coming soon . 
 so he grabbed her . 
 she yelped and punched at him , but , in an instant , ryder had trapped her against the far wall and , just like before , he used his body to block wyatt 's view of her . 
 `` one of your parents had to be a phoenix , too . '' 
 because what she was-it was in the blood . 
 `` they must have told you - '' her eyes were stark , whispering with pain . 
 `` my real parents abandoned me when i was two years old . '' 
 that sure explained how she had n't known that she was a supernatural . 
 she 'd been totally clueless , completely unprepared for wyatt 's torture . 
 unprepared for me . 
 `` i do n't want to be a monster . '' 
 her words were hushed . 
 he stiffened , knowing that his next words would be brutal , but she had to face facts . 
 `` too bad , because you are . '' 
 they did n't have time for a pity party . 
 he had to get her to embrace the beast within her . 
 they needed that beast for their survival . 
 she could n't pretend to be human-being human would n't save their asses . 
 being an unstoppable machine of fire and fury ? 
 oh yes , that would buy them a ticket to freedom . 
 `` you need to learn how to call up that beast that lives inside of you . 
 because wyatt has big plans for you . 
 plans that involve you dying and screaming and him using you to create a whole new army . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you want to hurt me , too . '' 
 her lips were red from his kiss . 
 `` you want - '' `` he 's going to give you to another vampire . '' 
 the color bled from her face . 
 `` your blood ... there 's something about it . '' 
 when i taste it , i just want more . 
 because it tasted like pure , hot power flowing on his tongue . 
 the best wine , the wildest drug , all rolled into one . 
 he held her shoulders against the wall . 
 ryder had to make her understand what was happening-and why she needed to pull up the phoenix inside . 
 `` he 's going to make sure you die again . '' 
 she blanched . 
 `` no , i do n't want to ! 
 help me . '' 
 he wanted to . 
 ryder was tearing apart inside . 
 `` i will . 
 you trust me , and i 'll help you . '' 
 he had n't helped anyone else in a century , but he 'd just given his word to her . 
 a second chance . 
 `` we have to get out of the facility . '' 
 the only way out was through wyatt . 
 the guards were just steps away from the cell . 
 he could hear their shuffling footsteps . 
 `` you 're breaking our deal , '' wyatt told him through the speaker , sounding not-too-shocked . 
 ryder tossed a vicious grin over his shoulder , a grin aimed at the two-way mirror . 
 `` what are you gon na do ? 
 kill me ? '' 
 the door opened . 
 ryder 's gaze jerked to the left . 
 the armed guards stood in the entranceway . 
 they were n't wearing their fireproof suits , but they were all heavily armed . 
 `` maybe we 'll let you watch as we kill her , '' wyatt said . 
 of course , he was n't with the guards . 
 the guy was far too much of a coward to come and face him when ryder was strong . 
 the guards lifted their weapons . 
 aimed them at ryder 's body . 
 he was shielding sabine , blocking her so that the guards could n't even see her body . 
 `` new deal , '' wyatt thundered out . 
 he wanted that man 's head . 
 `` drink her blood , ryder , or i 'll find a vamp that will . '' 
 the weapons stayed pointed at him . 
 `` this hardly sets the mood , '' ryder drawled lightly even as his fingers tightened on sabine . 
 no other vampire could drink from her . 
 `` an audience is n't really my thing . '' 
 the weapons were n't lowering . 
 `` no ! 
 you ca n't do this ! '' 
 sabine pushed against ryder . 
 `` we have rights ! 
 you ca n't just lock us up like this ! '' 
 ah , she was still singing that song , was she ? 
 still clinging to her humanity , when they needed her beast out . 
 `` wyatt does n't think monsters have rights . '' 
 you 're a monster , love . 
 face it . 
 he got that she did n't want to give up the illusion of safety that humanity entailed , but sabine needed to look around . 
 they were prisoners , she 'd died , and the only way out was through her flames . 
 she did n't want to believe that she was just as much of a beast as he was , but there was no point denying the truth . 
 the woman could freaking burn . 
 die and burn and live again . 
 not a talent that the average human possessed . 
 `` take her blood , ryder , '' wyatt ordered him . 
 `` take her blood , now . '' 
 there was a feverish intensity in the words . 
 an intensity that made ryder worry ... just what had wyatt done ? 
 why was the scientist so determined for ryder to drink her then ? 
 he did n't take his eyes off the guards as he asked sabine , `` did he give you something before you came in ? '' 
 `` they 've been injecting me with drugs all week . '' 
 when he drank her blood , he 'd get dosed with whatever brew was in her veins . 
 his fingers fell away from her shoulders . 
 `` i do n't want you drinking from me , '' she told him . 
 her shoulder brushed against his as her body pressed closer to him . 
 `` i 've been having nightmares about you every night . '' 
 great . 
 so he was the big , bad boogeyman to her . 
 what else was new ? 
 but , really , there was no other way for her to picture him . 
 i drained her . 
 the guilt still ate at him . 
 the woman was right to hate and fear him . 
 hell , she should probably get in line on that score . 
 plenty of humans-and vampires-felt the exact same way . 
 he just wished that he did n't have this need for her . 
 the need had to be coming from her blood . 
 some kind of side effect that was messing with his head . 
 temporary , surely ? 
 `` i can hold on to my control . '' 
 the words were flat , and he hoped they were the truth . 
 her gaze slanted up at him . 
 `` did n't you say that last time ? '' 
 last time he had n't known that a phoenix was being offered to him . 
 he focused on the guards as he made his demand . 
 `` i want a wooden stake . '' 
 like they would n't have plenty of those handy . 
 in this place , the smart guards should have them all tucked in their boots . 
 if they were smart . 
 he actually was n't certain that any of the guards qualified as smart . 
 if they had any brains , they would n't be keeping him captive . 
 they 'd know to run , fast and hard , away from him . 
 because he would n't be in a cage forever , and ryder made a point of always getting payback . 
 `` why ? '' 
 wyatt demanded . 
 `` why do you need a stake ? '' 
 ryder cast his gaze to the two-way mirror . 
 `` because if i ca n't stop drinking her blood , then i want her to stake me . '' 
 sabine gasped . 
 ryder smiled . 
 `` like you said , it 's a new deal . '' 
 `` you 're insane , '' sabine told him , words tumbling out quickly . 
 `` i might be new to this whole supernatural bit , but even i know that vampires are n't supposed to ask for stakes . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you 'd rather i just drink from you without - '' `` i want that stake ! '' 
 sabine shouted . 
 `` fine , '' wyatt bit out . 
 static crackled for an instant on the intercom , then ryder heard the guy say , `` mitchell , give the man his stake . '' 
 a few tense moments later , mitchell , body sweating and twitchy , edged into the room . 
 he pulled a stake from his back pocket . 
 the guards should have used these when they tried to take her from me before . 
 instead of shooting him , they should have staked him . 
 but ryder knew why they had n't . 
 wyatt had wanted him alive then . 
 now ? 
 now it looked like the guy was still playing with him . 
 let 's play , bastard . 
 the stake was the first weapon that he needed . 
 mitchell tossed the stake to him . 
 ryder grabbed it with his right hand . 
 `` now get the hell out , '' he ordered the humans with bared fangs . 
 `` before i decide to drop some bodies to the floor . '' 
 they got the hell out . 
 weapons or not , they were still scared spitless . 
 who has the power , wyatt ? 
 he knew the doctor would see the challenge in his eyes . 
 wyatt kept him locked up tight because he knew that if ryder ever got free , the humans in genesis would all be dead . 
 that 's why you want me to take her blood , is n't it ? 
 because it 's all about control . 
 ryder was ready to rip that control away . 
 he caught sabine 's wrist with his left hand and pulled her toward the bed . 
 her heels dug into the hard floor . 
 `` oh no , you 're not - '' he was . 
 they were . 
 he pushed her onto the bed . 
 she immediately bounced right back to a sitting position on the mattress . 
 he almost smiled at her . 
 the woman was fast . 
 he was faster . 
 he pushed the stake into her hand . 
 her fingers closed around it , and she stared up at him with dark eyes that looked as if they could steal his soul . 
 not that he had a soul to steal . 
 not anymore . 
 he 'd lost that long ago . 
 he knelt in front of her , pushing between her legs . 
 she swallowed but did n't speak . 
 his fingers wrapped around hers , tightening her grip on the stake . 
 then he lifted the weapon to his heart . 
 if this act did n't earn her trust , he figured nothing would . 
 the experiment between the vampire and the phoenix was progressing far better than richard wyatt could have hoped . 
 he watched the two of them through the observation glass , anticipation filling him . 
 sabine had the stake against the vampire 's heart . 
 the door opened behind richard . 
 `` you think she 's gon na kill him ? '' 
 the guard demanded . 
 there was no missing the eagerness in mitchell 's tone . 
 `` doubtful . '' 
 `` but he drained her ! '' 
 mitchell snapped . 
 `` the woman 's got to want some revenge ! 
 she should want to hurt him ! '' 
 like you do ? 
 richard knew that mitchell hated the vampire . 
 mostly because the man knew just how powerful ryder was . 
 we hate what we fear . 
 a lesson he 'd learned long ago . 
 his father had taught him that lesson when richard had been a child . 
 `` she wo n't kill him . '' 
 richard knew the truth was actually that sabine could n't kill the vampire . 
 ryder was the fastest vamp that richard had ever seen , and plenty of the undead had been brought through the doors of genesis . 
 ryder was n't like those others . 
 at first , richard had thought that ryder was just another test subject . 
 another vampire that could be used as a genetic donor for his experiments but ryder 's reflexes were too fast . 
 his body healed too quickly . 
 he did n't need the weekly blood supply that the others required in order to keep living . 
 and the man 's strength was incredible to behold . 
 he 'd ripped the heart right out of one guard 's chest . 
 an unfortunate incident , but one that had taught them all - never get too close to the vampire . 
 during his observations , wyatt had quickly realized that ryder had not appeared to have any weaknesses . 
 certainly not any attachments . 
 he killed guards who made the foolish mistake of coming to him . 
 he drained them with a brutal efficiency . 
 he never showed remorse or guilt . 
 wyatt had begun to think the fellow might be a sociopath , in addition to having the curse of being a bloodsucker . 
 then sabine had entered ryder 's cell , and he 'd seen the dangerous intensity ignite in ryder 's gaze . 
 ryder had fed from her , but , when she 'd been near death , the vampire had seemed to ... break . 
 wyatt tapped the glass in front of him . 
 the two figures appeared frozen . 
 the tip of the stake pushed hard into ryder 's chest . 
 the vampire had one hand on sabine 's thigh while his other hand locked around sabine 's fist-the fist that gripped the stake . 
 `` drink up , '' wyatt murmured . 
 ryder had to drink . 
 the more blood that he took from her , the greater his weakness-and possibly his strength-would become . 
 it was a catch-22 , but it was for the good of science . 
 as for sabine , she 'd begin her own transformation soon enough . 
 ryder probably thought the big plan was for sabine and the vamp to f ** k. to breed . 
 wyatt was n't interested in creating a new life . 
 he wanted transformation , not birth . 
 when sabine took in ryder 's blood , how soon would she transform ? 
 was it even possible to make a phoenix into a vampire ? 
 i 'll find out . 
 his fingers pressed the button for the intercom . 
 `` time to drink , ryder . '' 
 the vamp 's shoulders stiffened , but the hand on sabine 's thigh rose , and a few seconds later , ryder brushed back sabine 's hair and bared her throat . 
 chapter four `` wait . '' 
 fear churned in sabine 's stomach as she stared into ryder 's eyes . 
 when a vamp was about to sink his teeth into a girl 's throat , he should n't look so ... reassuring . 
 and , um , sexy . 
 especially when said girl had a stake pressed to his heart . 
 why the heck had he given her the stake ? 
 her fingers trembled around it . 
 after what he 'd done , maybe she should drive it into his chest but ... i need him . 
 the truth was there . 
 desperate . 
 he was her only hope in this nightmare . 
 the vampire scared her , but the man named richard wyatt ? 
 he terrified her . 
 he liked to hurt her . 
 ryder had said that he 'd help her . 
 the vampire was the only one that she could trust . 
 provided he did n't drain her dry . 
 her fingers tightened around the stake . 
 `` are n't vampires supposed to have some power to control the minds of their victims ? 
 ca n't you just make me forget what you did before ? 
 make me - '' sabine broke off , unable to say the last . 
 he finished for her . 
 `` make you want my bite . '' 
 the words were deep and dark . 
 she almost shuddered . 
 the last thing she wanted right then was to feel his teeth sinking into her throat . 
 she had n't been lying about those nightmares . 
 he 'd been starring in her dreams all week . 
 not those lab coat-wearing jailers and their constant needles . 
 ryder . 
 fangs . 
 fury . 
 only after he bit her in her nightmares , sometimes , he did ... more . 
 things that did n't scare her , but turned her on . 
 she swallowed . 
 `` would you want me to take your will away ? '' 
 she realized he had n't actually answered her question . 
 could he do it ? 
 could he take the memory away ? 
 but with all the crazy crap that was going on already , did she want to add mind control to her list ? 
 no , thank you . 
 `` it took me three days to remember who i was . '' 
 she licked her lips . 
 his gaze dropped to her mouth . 
 lingered . 
 his gaze seemed to heat . 
 `` so no , do n't take the memory away . '' 
 it had just been desperation talking . 
 `` i do n't want anyone to ever mess with my mind again . '' 
 because she was convinced that wyatt had done something to her . 
 he 'd made her forget . 
 had n't he ? 
 ryder 's hand seemed heavy against her throat , and his thumb was stroking her skin . 
 a small , circular caress . 
 `` you do n't seem as-as wild as before , '' she blurted . 
 it was true and reassuring . 
 his gaze rose back to meet hers . 
 `` i drank from four guards when they took you away . 
 before you , it had been months since i fed . '' 
 the twisting in her stomach got worse . 
 `` if you try to take too much from me , i will kill you . '' 
 fair warning . 
 she remembered his unbreakable hold . 
 the terror that had clawed through her . 
 `` to stop me , just drive the stake into my heart . '' 
 the rough edge of the wood rubbed against her fingers . 
 his head began to lower toward her neck . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he froze . 
 `` um , not the neck , okay ? 
 bad memories . 
 really bad . '' 
 like there were any good memories of this place . 
 but ryder nodded , and the overhead light glinted off the dark gold of his hair . 
 he took her left hand then and lifted her wrist toward his mouth . 
 `` better ? '' 
 in the grand scheme of things ? 
 probably not . 
 but her wrist was a better option than her neck . 
 her breath rasped out . 
 she was so in over her head . 
 a vampire . 
 he 's a real vampire and i 'm - i do n't know what i am . 
 monster . 
 his lips feathered over her skin . 
 sabine jerked and her fist shoved the stake against him . 
 not into him , but - ryder was watching her with that green stare . 
 a stare that seemed so intense that it actually made her feel like he was looking into her . 
 then he quietly ordered , `` you must trust me . 
 i wo n't let you down again . '' 
 a grim pause then , `` stop thinking about what happened before . '' 
 her laugh was weak . 
 `` that 's a little impossible . '' 
 `` sabine . '' 
 he said her name like it was a caress . 
 the way a man would say it in bed . 
 they were in bed . 
 she was , anyway . 
 `` close your eyes , '' he told her . 
 `` think of something good . '' 
 there was nothing good there . 
 they were prisoners . 
 no one knew where she was , and sabine was n't even sure of what she was any longer . 
 the right corner of his mouth hitched up . 
 `` your eyes are n't closed . '' 
 the vampire could n't be teasing her right then . 
 the blood of the men he 'd killed-her blood-stained the floor . 
 but he was lightly holding her hand . 
 gazing into her eyes . 
 looking at her like a lover . 
 `` you need to let the fear go . '' 
 `` easy for you to say , '' she muttered . 
 `` i did n't sink my teeth into you and not let go . '' 
 his smile vanished . 
 `` no , you did n't . '' 
 he pressed a kiss to the inside of her wrist . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 `` now you do that ? '' 
 sabine did n't answer him . 
 something good . 
 she had good memories rattling around in her mind , now that her memories were actually back , anyway . 
 she could pull some of them out . 
 `` where were you the last time you were happy ? '' 
 ryder asked her . 
 the image slipped through her mind . 
 the dark bar . 
 the laughter . 
 the blues music that hung in the air . 
 rhett 's music . 
 `` new orleans . '' 
 her home . 
 the only one she 'd ever known . 
 `` at my brother 's bar . '' 
 his breath rushed out . 
 `` you have a brother ? '' 
 the memory wanted to drift away . 
 she held it tight . 
 `` n-not blood . 
 the people who adopted me-my parents-they already had rhett . '' 
 rhett had been the reassuring constant in her life . 
 always there . 
 always watching out for her . 
 with her eyes closed , she could see him so easily in her mind . 
 `` he was playing the blues , and i was dancing behind the bar . '' 
 the whole family had been there . 
 laughter . 
 voices mellow . 
 she 'd been swaying to the music , thinking how lucky she was . 
 `` i sang with him . '' 
 her lips curled . 
 `` i sound like a dying frog when i sing . 
 half the crowd left instantly . '' 
 his laughter came , surprising her , and her lashes flew up . 
 he looked different when he laughed . 
 still dangerous , but different . 
 he drained your blood . 
 do n't go weakening around him . 
 `` hold that memory , '' ryder told her as his laughter faded away . 
 she closed her eyes again . 
 his mouth was on her wrist . 
 pressing lightly . 
 his lips parted . 
 his teeth sank into her wrist , and there was only the faintest flash of pain , not nearly as bad as the prick of wyatt 's needles , then ryder 's mouth tightened on her skin . 
 he was sucking her flesh . 
 taking her blood . 
 the fear rose within her once more . 
 hold the good memory . 
 she tried to hold it . 
 singing in the bar . 
 rhett shaking his head as he told her that the blues just would n't ever be for her . 
 her mother had waved her on . 
 sabine had laughed until her sides ached . 
 his mouth seemed to harden on her wrist as ryder took more . 
 the memory flew away from her as her eyes shot open once again . 
 the stake was slippery in her sweaty hand , but she was n't about to let that thing go . 
 `` ryder . '' 
 his eyes were open , too . 
 open and locked right on her . 
 his pupils were swelling as he stared at her , swallowing up the green of his eyes . 
 so much hunger was in that stare . 
 hunger , desire . 
 a dark lust . 
 her heart raced in her chest . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 was that the truth ? 
 or a lie ? 
 she was n't sure . 
 he hurt you . 
 the stake pressed down harder . 
 `` but i will . '' 
 sabine let the stake draw blood , just to show that she was n't making an empty threat . 
 say it and mean it . 
 her father 's advice . 
 do n't take shit from anybody in this world . 
 a favorite mantra of his . 
 ryder 's fangs slowly lifted from her skin . 
 his tongue swiped over the small wounds he 'd left behind , lightly lapping at the skin . 
 the rasp of his tongue should n't have turned her on . 
 it probably should have given her more nightmares . 
 a vampire . 
 drinking from me ! 
 but sabine could admit to herself that the bite had turned her on . 
 her ni ** les were aching and heavy , and arousal had her shifting and arching her h * ps slightly . 
 one more lick , and his head rose . 
 `` your taste is incredible . '' 
 right , what was that , like a vampire pickup line ? 
 he glanced down at the stake . 
 maybe he was just now realizing that he was bleeding , courtesy of her . 
 it seemed only fair that they 'd both drawn blood . 
 he reached for the stake , but then his body began to sag . 
 she tried to grab him . 
 the stake fell to the floor , and so did ryder . 
 his eyes were closing . 
 `` what ... did ... you ... '' she had n't done anything . 
 had she ? 
 sabine crouched at his side . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 she 'd been the one on the floor after the last bite . 
 ryder started to shake-hard , heavy convulsions . 
 then the cell door flew open . 
 guards stormed in , with their weapons raised . 
 `` get back ! '' 
 one of them yelled at her . 
 she held ryder 's hand tighter . 
 sabine did n't even remember reaching for his hand , but now she was holding on to him for dear life . 
 `` something 's wrong with him ! '' 
 `` no , my dear , '' wyatt said as he pushed through the guards . 
 `` he 's having the exact response to the drug that we 'd hoped . '' 
 drug ? 
 understanding dawned . 
 the drugs they gave me . 
 `` get his blood , '' wyatt ordered the man on his right . 
 a smaller guy with nervous hands and bright , red hair . 
 the man 's lab coat swirled around him as he hurried forward . 
 sabine grabbed the stake . 
 `` do n't you touch him ! '' 
 she held the stake up like a knife . 
 wyatt laughed . 
 `` shoot her . '' 
 what ? 
 the guard at wyatt 's shoulder shot her . 
 sabine screamed as the tranq dart embedded in her chest . 
 she tried to hold on to the stake , but it rolled right out of her suddenly numb fingers . 
 the redhead was crouching over ryder now , taking the vampire 's blood and filling up test tubes . 
 a lot of test tubes . 
 `` take the female subject back to her room , '' wyatt ordered . 
 sabine 's body was about to crash onto the floor when two of the guards hoisted her back to her feet . 
 well , okay , her legs were n't exactly steady , so when they started walking , her feet dragged behind them . 
 `` good job , '' wyatt told her with a small smile . 
 `` i knew you 'd be able to get to him . '' 
 wait , what ? 
 her body might not be working right , but her mind was still functioning pretty dang well . 
 wyatt was making it sound as if she 'd been working with him . 
 her gaze darted back to ryder . 
 of course , his lashes would have flickered and started to open right then . 
 his green stare was far too aware as it locked on her . 
 he 's awake . 
 which meant ... they 're dead . 
 and , wow , the guy sure had n't been out for long . 
 her expression must have given her away because wyatt suddenly swore and grabbed for the blood-filled test tubes . 
 `` get her out of here ! '' 
 they hauled ass getting her out the door . 
 wyatt was on her heels , more guards rushing behind him . 
 and the redhead who 'd taken ryder 's blood - she managed to turn her head and lock her gaze on him . 
 the redhead did n't make it out . 
 the metal door closed on his scream . 
 lethargy pulled at sabine 's body , but she forced her eyes to stay open . 
 they 'd just hit her with one tranq this time , surely she could fight this . 
 her head sagged forward . 
 or not . 
 dammit . 
 she hated to be so weak . 
 the guards began to haul her away . 
 `` no ! '' 
 wyatt suddenly snapped . 
 `` she needs to see this . '' 
 she tried to slap at them , but her hands just fluttered in the air like useless birds . 
 then she was in another room , one with dim lights and lots of computers and machines . 
 `` look at him , '' wyatt ordered as he took hold of her chin and forced her head back up . 
 sabine blinked and stared straight ahead . 
 at ryder . 
 she was looking through the two-way mirror . 
 ryder was in his cell , and the redheaded man was in front of him . 
 ryder had one hand on the man 's throat . 
 it looked like the redhead was begging . 
 `` see what he is ? '' 
 wyatt demanded , his fingers pressing hard into her chin . 
 `` do you see why he ca n't be free ? '' 
 ryder 's eyes narrowed . 
 uh-oh . 
 could he hear them ? 
 it sure looked like he had . 
 wyatt had n't even been speaking into the microphone , but sabine was certain ryder had heard the scientist 's words . 
 enhanced vamp hearing . 
 very enhanced . 
 `` open the cell door ! '' 
 ryder roared . 
 `` or you can watch as i rip his throat open . '' 
 the guards holding her shifted nervously . 
 wyatt stepped away from her and bent over the small microphone . 
 `` you ca n't be set free , '' wyatt said , voice snapping . 
 `` you 're far too dangerous . 
 by keeping you here , we keep the humans in the world safe . '' 
 ryder sank his teeth into the redhead 's throat . 
 the guy screamed and tried to fight , but he was no match for ryder . 
 `` we-we ca n't just let him die , '' the guard to her right muttered . 
 he was sweating . 
 she could almost smell his fear . 
 `` that 's jim thomas-he 's got a wife , '' another guard muttered . 
 `` a baby coming . '' 
 wyatt stared straight through the glass . 
 with a supreme effort , sabine managed to keep her gaze open and on ryder . 
 ryder 's head lifted . 
 blood dripped from his mouth . 
 `` next time , it wo n't be just a bite . 
 i 'll rip his whole throat open . '' 
 she knew his threat was real . 
 so did the guards . 
 `` that vampire 's too dangerous , '' one said , the sweaty one on her right . 
 `` he needs to be put down . '' 
 wyatt 's head jerked toward them . 
 `` that would be a waste , donaldson . '' 
 `` he 's killed our men ! '' 
 donaldson fired back as his fingers dug into sabine 's arm . 
 `` he 's about to kill jim ! 
 he ca n't be controlled . '' 
 `` of course he can . '' 
 wyatt sounded annoyed , as if he were talking to a small child . 
 his mouth was still close to the microphone as he said , `` just take out your gun and put it to her head . '' 
 nausea rolled through sabine . 
 the guard hesitated . 
 `` do you want to watch jim thomas die ? '' 
 wyatt pushed . 
 the guard lifted his gun . 
 the barrel pressed into sabine 's temple . 
 `` good , '' wyatt murmured . 
 his gaze darted back to the observation window . 
 ryder had frozen . 
 he knew exactly what was happening in that observation room . 
 `` if you do n't let the doctor go , then donaldson will put a bullet into sabine 's brain . '' 
 ryder 's claws-he had claws bursting from his fingertips-dug into the doctor 's throat . 
 `` so what ? 
 you shoot her , she burns , then she comes back . '' 
 wyatt actually smiled at that response . 
 `` yes , but we both know the death hurts , do n't we ? 
 do you want her to suffer , vampire ? '' 
 ryder did n't speak . 
 if sabine had been able to do so , she would have shouted , i do n't want to suffer ! 
 `` perhaps you do . '' 
 from wyatt . 
 considering . 
 `` perhaps you enjoy her pain . '' 
 wyatt waved his hand toward donaldson . 
 `` go ahead , shoot her . '' 
 donaldson hesitated . 
 sabine tried to fight the nausea and the lethargy and the heart-numbing fear . 
 `` d-don ` t , '' she managed to gasp . 
 `` i have ... family ... too . '' 
 donaldson 's blue gaze cut to the glass . 
 to ryder . 
 `` do it ! '' 
 wyatt barked . 
 donaldson looked back at her . 
 `` you are n't human . '' 
 he said the words as if he were trying to convince himself . 
 his finger began to squeeze the trigger . 
 jim thomas flew into the two-way glass . 
 ryder had tossed the doctor straight at them . 
 `` take the gun f ** king away from her head , '' ryder snarled . 
 donaldson lifted the gun . 
 `` get the ass ** le out of here , '' ryder said , shoulders heaving , as he jerked his thumb toward the door . 
 the vampire just saved me . 
 tears stung her eyes . 
 wyatt inclined his head toward donaldson . 
 the guy nodded and rushed to claim his friend . 
 but as soon as donaldson stepped one foot inside ryder 's cell , the vampire attacked . 
 he grabbed donaldson , tossed him around like a rag doll a few times , and then shoved the guard 's own weapon right against his temple . 
 `` that was a mistake , '' ryder growled at him . 
 `` you never , ever put a gun to a woman 's head . '' 
 he drove his teeth into donaldson 's throat . 
 the guard screamed and tried to fight . 
 wyatt just watched . 
 then , after a moment , he sighed . 
 `` briggs , shoot the woman . '' 
 briggs-the guard still holding her-stared at sabine with wide eyes . 
 and he did n't reach for his gun . 
 sabine knew why . 
 do n't want to wind up like donaldson , do you ? 
 wyatt must have realized the guard was n't obeying because he whirled around , grabbed the man 's gun , and pressed it against sabine 's chest . 
 then they heard the laughter . 
 ryder 's laughter . 
 sounding crazed . 
 wyatt paused , then looked over his shoulder . 
 ryder had hauled both men-still alive , barely , from the looks of them-toward the cell door . 
 the men lay in a crumpled heap . 
 ryder was on the bed . 
 his hands behind his head . 
 `` come and get them , '' he called , voice almost mocking . 
 then he just closed his eyes . 
 the drug was pumping fast and furiously through sabine 's veins , and , even though her arms and legs felt leaden , her heart raced so hard that her chest hurt . 
 `` he let ... them go . '' 
 now let me go . 
 `` yes , '' wyatt murmured . 
 `` he did . '' 
 so why had n't the guy dropped his gun ? 
 `` but today 's experiment is n't over yet . '' 
 wyatt stared right in sabine 's eyes . 
 `` let 's see how long it takes for your memory to recover this time . '' 
 even though ryder had freed the men , wyatt was going to shoot her . 
 sabine tried to struggle but her body would n't listen to her mental commands . 
 `` briggs , take her back to her room . 
 strap her down . '' 
 her breath rushed out in desperate relief . 
 he was n't going to shoot her . 
 he - `` then shoot her in the heart . '' 
 briggs hauled her out of the observation room , and ryder 's roar of fury followed her . 
 the blood was bitter on his tongue . 
 too harsh . 
 too metallic . 
 not like hers . 
 not like sabine 's . 
 ryder stood in the middle of his cell . 
 head bowed , shoulders sagging , a deliberate pose of defeat . 
 his fangs were burning in his mouth , and he wanted to spit out the blood that he could still taste . 
 what the hell ? 
 a vampire never turned away blood , but this time the blood had just been a means to an end . 
 not the sweet , powerful nourishment that he usually craved . 
 the observation room was empty . 
 the dead silence from the other room told him that no one was watching him then . 
 because you 're off torturing sabine ? 
 he wanted to bellow again with his fury . 
 instead , he closed his eyes . 
 he sucked in a deep breath , and he tried to reach her with his mind . 
 he 'd taken her blood twice . 
 the psychic link should exist between them now . 
 their blood link . 
 not all vampires could forge those bonds with their victims . 
 he was n't all vampires . 
 wyatt , you fool , you should have left me the hell alone . 
 now wyatt would die . 
 everyone who 'd helped him would die . 
 because ryder was n't some fresh vamp who 'd been newly turned . 
 i am ancient . 
 i am power . 
 i am death . 
 and he used all of his power right then , trying to reach out to sabine , to make sure that she was still alive and - a wall of flames . 
 he could n't reach her mind . 
 he could feel her . 
 the fear . 
 the fury . 
 but there were flames stopping his mind from connecting to hers . 
 the blood link between them was n't strong enough to get past the flames that shielded her mind . 
 his hands clenched into fists as his eyelids flew open . 
 no one had ever been able to escape his blood link . 
 not demons . 
 not witches . 
 not djinn or shifters . 
 but the flames just burned brighter in his mind 's eye . 
 there was no getting to sabine . 
 he could n't reach her . 
 he wondered if anyone could . 
 ryder forced his hands to unclench . 
 if he could n't get a psychic link to sabine , then he 'd just have to get a physical link with her . 
 she could resist the blood bond but others would n't be so strong . 
 humans were particularly susceptible to the link . 
 oh thomas ... and ryder pictured the redheaded doctor in his mind . 
 jim thomas . 
 the doctor 's blood beat in ryder 's veins . 
 blood that did n't satisfy . 
 that just made him hunger all the more for sabine . 
 he could n't question that growing hunger , not then . 
 he had to focus on his escape . 
 jim thomas . 
 he felt the doctor 's presence instantly as he locked on the terrified human . 
 he 'd bitten other humans while he 'd been at genesis , but the rage had been in control then . 
 ryder had bitten , drunk , and killed . 
 this time , his control had been stronger . 
 he 'd left the humans alive . 
 the better to use them . 
 wyatt did n't understand the monster that he had in front of him . 
 did n't understand the power of the beast . 
 despite all of the security and guards , genesis would n't hold ryder . 
 not now , now when he had his own prey to help him escape . 
 ryder closed his eyes once more as he focused his energy . 
 darkness , just for an instant , then ... then he was seeing through thomas 's eyes . 
 the blood link was very strong . 
 humans . 
 sometimes they had their uses . 
 thomas was in a white room . 
 a redheaded woman with a stethoscope draped around her neck stood before him . 
 patching up the wound on his throat ? 
 the bastard was lucky he 'd gotten such a light bite . 
 if i had n't wanted to keep you alive , i would have ripped out your throat . 
 thomas stiffened and whimpered , and ryder knew the man had heard his thoughts . 
 that 's right , human . 
 i 'm in your head . 
 i can read your mind . 
 see every fear that you 've ever had . 
 thomas opened his mouth . 
 `` the vampire-he 's - '' shut up . 
 ryder 's instant command . 
 jim thomas 's lips clamped together . 
 the doctor in front of him frowned . 
 `` are you all right , jim ? '' 
 her voice was clipped , a tight ny accent . 
 old money . 
 her fingers smoothed over his bandage . 
 `` did the vampire hurt you anywhere else ? '' 
 i have no other wounds . 
 ryder pushed the thought into thomas 's head . 
 `` i-i have no other wounds , '' the guy said instantly . 
 ryder felt the pulse of the human 's surprise . 
 and his fear . 
 the fear was like a thick fog in the man 's head . 
 that 's right , jim thomas . 
 i 'm in your mind , and you wo n't be able to get me out . 
 i am in control . 
 you should never have walked into my cage . 
 because now the doctor was his bitch . 
 thomas whimpered . 
 the woman 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` i think you need a sedative . '' 
 no , thomas getting knocked out for the night would n't suit his purposes at all . 
 get up . 
 thomas jumped off the exam table . 
 tell her to f ** k off . 
 ryder smiled , and kept his head down . 
 it would n't do for any of the cameras to catch his expression . 
 no one was watching now , but wyatt would no doubt review the footage from his cell . 
 `` fuck off , vivian , '' thomas said as he shoved by the other doctor . 
 her gasp followed him . 
 thomas was appalled at himself . 
 flushing . 
 shaking his head . 
 oh right , because saying that makes you feel bad , but torturing vampires and shifters-you do n't ever feel a bit guilty for those crimes ? 
 thomas 's heart raced faster , and , surprise , surprise-ryder did sense guilt in the man 's mind . 
 guilt and the dark knowledge that if thomas did n't do his job , wyatt would go after his wife . 
 his unborn child . 
 so you let us all suffer in order to keep them safe ? 
 thomas had no answer , but maybe that was because he could n't speak . 
 ryder had frozen his tongue and mouth . 
 all thomas could do was walk down the long hallway , glancing to the left and the right so that ryder could learn the schematics of the facility . 
 come to me . 
 ryder shoved the thought into thomas 's head and knew it would be a compulsion . 
 cut the surveillance feed from my room . 
 open the door . 
 get me the hell out of here . 
 and thomas rushed to obey . 
 a puppet on a string . 
 a puppet with no will . 
 no control . 
 oh , that was n't technically true . 
 thomas 's mind was still functioning . 
 ryder could feel his psychic screams but ... you ca n't stop me . 
 not with the blood link in place . 
 no one could stop him . 
 the human went into the surveillance room . 
 a guard turned toward him with a smile . 
 `` hey , doc , heard that bastard vamp took a bite out of you - '' go for his throat . 
 thomas attacked him . 
 punching and clawing . 
 the guard was n't expecting the attack , and because of that , thomas 's rather feeble hits were able to take the man down . 
 thomas , you should try working out sometime . 
 it would n't kill you . 
 ryder smiled . 
 but i might . 
 thomas left the guard sprawled on the ground . 
 a few taps of his fingers across the keyboard disabled the surveillance on ryder 's cell . 
 ryder lifted his head . 
 now , he did n't care if anyone saw his grin . 
 come to my cell . 
 get the damn door open . 
 because he needed out of there . 
 ryder had to get to sabine before wyatt and his sadistic band of scientists tried more of their experiments on her . 
 thomas all but ran back to him . 
 the guy 's fingers trembled as he swiped the key card over the control panel . 
 the lights flashed green . 
 the door opened . 
 ryder lunged forward . 
 he grabbed thomas by the throat . 
 `` that was n't so hard , was it ? '' 
 ryder asked as he slid from the human 's mind . 
 thomas whimpered . 
 the guy did a lot of that . 
 `` i could kill you right now , '' ryder whispered to him . 
 it would be so easy . 
 a jerk of his hand would snap the human 's neck . 
 or he could use his fangs to rip open the man 's throat . 
 jim thomas 's eyes were wide and desperate . 
 `` p-please . '' 
 ryder threw him across the room . 
 thomas 's back slammed into the wall . 
 `` hope you like the cell . '' 
 he stepped out of that containment hell . 
 shut the door . 
 heard the whir of the lock click into place . 
 i 'm letting you live . 
 be f ** king grateful . 
 thomas would be able to go back to his wife . 
 ryder was being merciful . 
 a fairly new concept for him . 
 and he did n't even know why the hell he was bothering . 
 the child . 
 the whisper came from inside of him as he hurried down the hallways . 
 you know what it 's like when a child grows up alone . 
 yes , he knew all too well . 
 he inhaled as he ran , pulling in all the scents around him . 
 the cold scent of antiseptic . 
 bleach . 
 the rotting stench of death . 
 so many dead bodies . 
 wyatt had been a busy man . 
 he inhaled again . 
 caught the wilder , woodsy scent that ryder knew came from shifters-that scent drifted from upstairs . 
 but the scent of fire ... the scent of woman ... the sweet but rich scent that he 'd come to associate with sabine-that scent came from dead ahead . 
 ryder rushed forward . 
 he expected to walk right into the room that housed sabine . 
 instead ryder entered an observation room . 
 two white lab coat-wearing bastards whirled toward him when he entered . 
 three seconds later , they hit the floor , unconscious . 
 ryder looked out of that tinted glass . 
 another two-way mirror . 
 he stared at sabine . 
 she was strapped to a table , while a guard headed toward her . 
 the man had a gun in his hand . 
 donaldson . 
 ryder recognized the guard instantly , and not just because he had a blood-soaked bandage at his throat . 
 the guard 's bitter blood flowed within ryder . 
 the man-with his too short hair and tight , furious features-stared at sabine with hate . 
 are you pissed because i took a bite out of you ? 
 ryder shoved the thought right at the guard . 
 as with thomas , forming the link with this human was effortless . 
 all he 'd needed was the blood , and , of course , to actually let the humans keep living long enough to use the link . 
 donaldson stiffened . 
 that 's right . 
 i 'm inside of you now . 
 there 's no getting away . 
 the guard 's trembling hand lifted the gun . 
 this guy was stronger than thomas had been . 
 there 's no use fighting.you 're not powerful enough to stop me . 
 `` please , do n't ! '' 
 sabine yelled as she yanked against the straps that held her down . 
 ryder could easily read donaldson 's thoughts . 
 she 's not human . 
 the bitch deserves this pain . 
 she 'll hurt , she 'll die , then she 'll come back again . 
 it 's not like she can ever really die . 
 the guard 's thoughts enraged ryder . 
 no , ryder pushed into donaldson 's mind as he grabbed the cell key card off one of the fallen doctors at his feet . 
 she wo n't die , and you wo n't hurt her . 
 so stop pointing that gun at her . 
 point it at your own damn self . 
 ryder swiped the key card at the control box on sabine 's cell . 
 the lights flashed , and he ran into the room . 
 he found donaldson standing near sabine 's restrained figure . 
 the guard had the barrel of the gun pressed against his own chest . 
 donaldson 's eyes were wild , and he screamed , `` stop ! 
 stop me ! '' 
 sabine was n't screaming . 
 she just stared at the guard in wild horror . 
 then she looked at ryder . 
 her lips shook . 
 `` what 's - what 's happening ? '' 
 he rushed to her . 
 yanked away the restraints and pulled her into his arms . 
 `` you 're safe . '' 
 she shook against him even as she wrapped her arms around him and held ryder as tight as she could . 
 as if she 'd never let him go . 
 no one had ever held him like that . 
 most were too eager to escape him . 
 she knows what i am . 
 what i can do . 
 what i did to her . 
 and still she wants me ? 
 his chest ached . 
 my second chance . 
 his arms curled around her . 
 `` i 'm going to take you out of here . '' 
 take her out , then come back to destroy the place . 
 wyatt would n't get away with his sick experiments any longer . 
 she nodded against him , and her silken hair brushed over the side of his neck . 
 he inhaled her scent , bringing it even deeper into his lungs . 
 the scent soothed the fury that had been boiling to such a dangerous degree within him . 
 `` i want to go home , '' she told him , the words a whisper . 
 she 'd longed for her home before . 
 he eased back just enough to stare down at her . 
 she did n't seem to realize it yet , but her `` home '' was n't going to be a real option for her , not anymore . 
 she 'd changed . 
 the humans at her `` home '' had n't . 
 but he found he could n't crush the faint hope in her eyes . 
 then her gaze darted to the guard and her dark eyes widened in alarm . 
 `` what is he doing ? '' 
 `` ca n't stop ! '' 
 donaldson yelled before ryder could speak . 
 `` he 's in my head . '' 
 ryder pulled sabine up to her feet . 
 `` forget about him . '' 
 he would n't give the order for the guard to shoot . 
 not until sabine was out of the room . 
 no sense in her seeing that blood and gore . 
 but i 'm not letting you go , donaldson . 
 you put a gun to her head . 
 you were about to shoot her , both in my cell and now , with her tied down like an animal . 
 do you think i 'll let you live after this ? 
 tears leaked from donaldson 's eyes . 
 no , the man did n't think he 'd be living past these last few moments . 
 ryder pushed sabine toward the door . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he did n't know how long they 'd have before his escape was discovered . 
 an alarm could ring out at any second . 
 but sabine stopped walking . 
 the woman froze against him . 
 she looked over at donaldson , then back at ryder . 
 `` he does n't ... why is he pushing the gun against his own heart ? '' 
 because i 'm telling him to do it , love . 
 and as soon as you leave the room , i 'll tell him to pull that trigger . 
 ryder shrugged . 
 `` maybe he just ca n't live with the crimes on his soul . 
 bet he 's played attack dog for wyatt plenty of times . '' 
 and he had . 
 ryder could see the memories . 
 so many dark , terrible deeds . 
 donaldson had killed before . 
 shifters . 
 witches . 
 as long as they were n't human , did you think their deaths did n't matter ? 
 donaldson gave a faint nod . 
 wrong answer , bastard . 
 they mattered . 
 sabine 's fingers caught his hand . 
 squeezed . 
 `` whatever you 're doing , stop . '' 
 he blinked at her in surprise . 
 `` do n't be like them . 
 do n't kill just because they do . '' 
 so misguided . 
 he was n't killing because the humans had started a battle . 
 he was killing because that was his nature . 
 you did n't tell the snake not to strike , and you did n't tell the vamp not to kill . 
 `` promise me , '' she said , shaking her head and still refusing to move when he gave her a harder shove . 
 `` promise that you wo n't kill him . 
 just leave him here , lock him up in this cell , and let 's go . '' 
 ryder did n't like to make promises that he could n't keep . 
 in fact , he never made a promise unless he was sure that he could follow through on his words . 
 others had broken their vows to him . 
 they 'd paid . 
 in blood . 
 `` if you do n't give me your word , '' she hesitated , then said , `` i wo n't leave with you . 
 i-i 'll find my own way out . 
 i 'll stay until i 'm sure you 're gone , sure that you wo n't kill him , then i 'll escape . '' 
 he lifted his hand . 
 stroked the silk of her cheek . 
 watched with interest as her pupils dilated . 
 sabine had such a fast , primal response to him . 
 did she realize that ? 
 i have the same response to her . 
 `` my love , '' he breathed the words , `` that man was about to put his gun to your heart and pull the trigger . 
 you do n't need to feel sorry for him . '' 
 her gaze searched his . 
 `` it 's not him i care about . 
 it 's you . 
 be better than the ones who hold us here . '' 
 he was n't better . 
 would never be . 
 she just did n't understand who he was yet . 
 what he was . 
 despite what he 'd done to her , she did n't understand . 
 sabine stared up at him , hope struggling desperately to shine in her eyes . 
 he found he could n't destroy that hope . 
 `` he wo n't die by my hand . 
 not right now . '' 
 but when he came back to genesis , once sabine was safe ... ryder lifted his head and met donaldson 's wild eyes . 
 i will come back then . 
 i will make you suffer . 
 the bullet would have been too fast anyway . 
 donaldson grew even paler . 
 stay here , ryder ordered him . 
 do n't take a step until i come back and tell you to move . 
 the guard 's whole body tensed as his muscles locked down . 
 sabine 's breath heaved out . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he liked her gratitude , but he 'd be taking more than just a `` thank you '' from her . 
 his fingers twined with hers as they hurried from the room . 
 donaldson did n't call out after them . 
 he could n't . 
 he could n't do anything unless ryder ordered him to do so . 
 now you know what it 's like to be helpless . 
 as ryder had been helpless when he 'd been forced to watch sabine die right in front of his eyes . 
 their footsteps raced down the hallway . 
 to the left . 
 to the right . 
 a guard stumbled out , directly in front of them . 
 ryder caught the guy . 
 grabbed him , then punched him out with one hard knock of his fist . 
 too easy . 
 the humans were his prey now . 
 nothing could stop him . 
 no one . 
 he 'd be free , and sabine would be at his side . 
 then those at genesis would be the ones to scream and beg . 
 chapter five sabine did n't know where they were going . 
 and as long as ryder was getting her out of the pit that reeked of death , she did n't care . 
 her heart slammed into her chest and her lungs heaved as she rushed to keep pace with ryder . 
 the guy was fast . 
 but then , he was a vampire . 
 she figured superhuman speed must be part of his package . 
 not a bad package to have , once you looked past the whole blood-drinking and fangs bit . 
 he pulled her hand , yanking her toward a metal door on the right , and then they were rushing into a narrow stairwell . 
 she stumbled inside with him , and the door clanged shut behind them . 
 `` how much longer are we - '' she began but ryder pushed her against the nearest wall and put his hand over her mouth , effectively cutting off her words . 
 she stared up at him , too conscious of the loud drumming of her heart , the sound seeming to fill her ears . 
 `` more guards , '' he whispered the words against her left ear . 
 barely a breath of sound . 
 she could have sworn she felt the light rasp of his tongue on the shell of her ear , and sabine stiffened . 
 not with anger or disgust but with a sudden stab of desire that she had n't expected . 
 it was strange . 
 her body felt primed , too tense , aching , and it had felt that way ever since ryder had taken her hand and pulled her off that exam table . 
 she had n't thought anyone would be coming to her rescue . 
 sabine certainly had n't expected a vampire with fierce eyes and bloodstained clothing to rush to her side . 
 but he had . 
 maybe there was someone she could trust in this nightmare world , after all . 
 ryder killed you . 
 wyatt 's words rang through her mind . 
 um , and maybe not . 
 but she did remember ryder trying to give her blood during that terrible encounter . 
 he 'd forced his blood into her mouth . 
 urged her to drink . 
 the vampire just confused her . 
 footsteps thundered by outside . 
 `` since you want me to let those fools live '' - another whisper against her , and , yes , this time she was sure that was a light lick of his tongue - `` then we 'll play the game nice and softly . '' 
 it was n't a game . 
 it was life or death . 
 her life . 
 his life . 
 she turned her head , pulling away a bit from that mouth and the tongue that was making her body tighten . 
 ryder-he was so big . 
 tall , dark , and dangerous-a description that definitely fit him . 
 he was n't like any man she 'd ever met before . 
 mostly because she 'd never met a guy with fangs and claws . 
 he 's a vampire . 
 not just some average guy . 
 admit that to yourself . 
 he was a vampire , and his mouth had just moved down to the curve of her throat . 
 sabine could n't help it . 
 every single muscle in her body locked when she felt his lips on her throat . 
 the muscles locked in fear and desire . 
 she shook her head and he freed her mouth . 
 `` do n't , '' her own soft order . 
 his lips pressed against her throat . 
 `` i 'm not taking a bite . '' 
 good . 
 he 'd better not be . 
 his head rose . 
 his eyes met hers . 
 `` unless you want me to ... '' heat pooled in her belly . 
 his nostrils widened a little bit , and he smiled . 
 the fluorescent light above them revealed the brightness of his green eyes and the sharp points of his fangs . 
 `` sometimes , the bite can feel good . '' 
 she swallowed , then shoved against his shoulders . 
 she was n't sure which one of them was more surprised when he staggered back . 
 `` and sometimes it can kill . '' 
 wow , where had she gotten that kind of strength ? 
 she 'd just shoved him a good four feet . 
 his back had bumped into the metal banister . 
 if the guards had n't drugged her , would she have been able to use that kind of strength on them before ? 
 his gaze raked over her . 
 `` remembered that part , did you ? '' 
 no . 
 `` yes , '' she lied at once , wondering how much she could get him to reveal . 
 her actual death part was still rather foggy for her . 
 he glanced toward the locked door , then his gaze rose up , scanning the stairs that led to the second floor . 
 `` i was starving . 
 they had n't fed me in months . '' 
 this was supposed to make her feel better ? 
 he 'd actually attacked her . 
 hardly the start of some epic relationship . 
 `` i tried to give you my blood , '' he growled out . 
 `` if you 'd just been able to take a few sips , you would 've been okay . '' 
 the image of his face-dark , desperate , let her drink ! 
 - flashed suddenly through her mind , and sabine sucked in a sharp gasp of air . 
 maybe there was a reason she could n't remember those last moments before the fire . 
 maybe she did n't want to remember . 
 `` but it was all part of wyatt 's experiment , '' ryder muttered . 
 `` he wanted you to die , so he could see you rise again . '' 
 goose bumps were on her arms . 
 `` i do n't understand any of this . '' 
 he inclined his head toward the stairs . 
 `` the guards are gone . 
 come on , we need to go . '' 
 she wanted to keep talking . 
 he knew more about her , she realized that . 
 the knowledge was in his eyes , in the way he glanced over her body . 
 phoenix . 
 he 'd called her that before . 
 the only phoenix she knew was a mythical bird . 
 she had to get ryder to tell her more . 
 to explain to her just what she was . 
 he was the key to so much , provided , of course , he did n't kill her again . 
 ryder had already headed up the stairs . 
 she glanced at his wide back . 
 trusting him would be stupid . 
 she was n't stupid . 
 most of her memories had come back , and , so , okay , she did n't fully remember his attack on her . 
 i do n't want to . 
 sabine just wanted to get out of this crazy hell , and to do that , she had to follow the vampire . 
 follow him , work with him . 
 trust him ? 
 her fingers curled around the metal stair railing . 
 the stairs squeaked beneath her feet as she hurried and climbed up behind ryder . 
 for better or scary-as-hell worse , they were together now . 
 maybe they 'd both manage to get out of that place alive . 
 are vampires even alive ? 
 she had so much to learn . 
 wyatt took his time scanning the notes he 'd made on sabine . 
 she 'd recovered nearly all of her memories after just three days . 
 fairly fast , considering that she 'd just been through her first rising . 
 she had amazing potential . 
 test subject twenty-nine is showing remarkable recovery skills . 
 he quickly jotted down that notation . 
 he could n't wait to monitor her after the second rising . 
 wyatt glanced down at his watch . 
 donaldson should be shooting her at any moment . 
 he put the papers aside , not wanting to miss the experiment . 
 his pace kicked up as he hurried toward the observation room adjacent to twenty-nine 's cell . 
 think of her as twenty-nine . 
 when he 'd first brought her in , he 'd been thinking of her as sabine . 
 an amateur mistake . 
 he knew better . 
 but when she 'd first come in , she 'd looked human . 
 they 're numbers . 
 subjects . 
 not people . 
 because he 'd referred to both sabine and ryder by name , he 'd noticed that his staff had started to refer to them that way , too . 
 you ca n't see them as individuals . 
 as men . 
 as women . 
 that was a huge mistake . 
 his father had taught him that . 
 his father never saw the humanity in his subjects . 
 they were numbers , not names . 
 the beings in his lab were test subjects . 
 nothing more . 
 nothing less . 
 donaldson had hesitated when richard gave him the order to shoot subject twenty-nine . 
 he 'd hesitated because he 'd started to see her as a woman , not the monster she was . 
 i 'll have to brief all the staff . 
 only numbers from now on . 
 no names . 
 the new recruits he had coming in would learn this lesson from the very start . 
 you were less likely to feel sorry for a number . 
 the door to the observation room slid open . 
 `` how is the test proceeding ? '' 
 richard began , then jerked to a stop when he realized two of his staff members were unconscious on the floor . 
 his gaze flew to the two-way mirror . 
 the exam table was empty , but the room was n't . 
 donaldson stood , statue-still , in the middle of the room , with a gun pressed to his heart . 
 son of a bitch . 
 richard rushed forward and pressed the button for the alarm . 
 they 'd just reached the top of the stairs when a shrill alarm pierced the air . 
 sabine clamped her lips closed to hold back her instinctive cry and pushed behind ryder . 
 but instead of opening the door that was just a few precious feet away , instead of getting them the hell out , he spun back around and caught her arms . 
 `` guards are coming , '' he rasped . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 she could almost hear the fast thud of footsteps . 
 wait , she did hear them . 
 his head jerked up . 
 he looked to the left . 
 the right . 
 then his stare came back to her . 
 `` i can kill them all . '' 
 said with absolute certainty . 
 her heart clenched . 
 she did n't know these men and women . 
 maybe they were as screwed up as dr. richard wyatt-every time she saw him , her skin crawled . 
 but what if they were n't ? 
 what if some of the guards truly did n't understand all that was happening at genesis ? 
 was that even possible ? 
 `` do n't , '' she whispered . 
 ryder shook his head . 
 `` that 's a mistake . '' 
 his gaze locked with hers . 
 `` but we 'll play it your way , for now . '' 
 then , instead of shoving open the door and getting out of the stairwell , he turned toward a grate behind them . 
 he kicked out and the grate fell inward . 
 `` get in , '' he told her . 
 `` crawl forward fifteen feet , take a left , then punch out the screen you 'll find in front of you . '' 
 how did he know this stuff ? 
 but she did n't question him . 
 she just hauled ass . 
 bending low , sabine pushed into the entranceway . 
 some kind of air duct . 
 she crawled forward even as she mentally kept up a hopeful refrain of no rats , no rats , no rats . 
 like the rats were all she needed to worry about at genesis . 
 something grabbed her ankle and hauled her back . 
 she did n't cry out , but she bit down hard on her bottom lip as her hands slapped against the metal walls around her . 
 there was nothing to hold on to as she was pulled back . 
 `` i said fifteen feet , '' ryder growled at her . 
 `` turn here . '' 
 oh yes . 
 she turned . 
 the air duct became even narrower . 
 sabine knew that ryder 's broad shoulders must have been a tight fit , but she did n't glance back . 
 her hands slapped against the grate . 
 before she pushed it down , she peeked through the narrow openings and gazed below her . 
 no sign of the guards . 
 she shoved the grate down . 
 it fell and landed on a desk . 
 barely waiting a second 's time , sabine jumped right after it . 
 her gaze swept the room . 
 heavy shelves . 
 a big desk . 
 no pictures . 
 a lab coat hanging on a hook near the closed door . 
 ryder landed behind her . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he said . 
 `` jim thomas is n't going to be heading in here for a while . '' 
 his voice oozed confidence . 
 glancing over her shoulder , sabine demanded , `` how do you know ? 
 what did you do to him ? '' 
 he offered her a wide grin . 
 `` i took a little bite out of him . '' 
 `` did you kill him ? '' 
 his sigh was long and low . 
 `` no . 
 why do you always seem to think - '' `` because you killed me . '' 
 her words froze him as he reached for the lab coat . 
 ryder hesitated , then looked back at her . 
 `` back to that , are we ? 
 i 've told you they 'd starved me . '' 
 as far as excuses went ... `` and i did n't expect your taste . '' 
 um , come again ? 
 he spun toward her . 
 actually , he was stalking toward her . 
 she was still crouched on the desk . 
 sabine scrambled down . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , vampire . '' 
 she said the word deliberately , in order to remind herself of what he was . 
 ryder rolled his eyes . 
 seriously . 
 the guy rolled his eyes . 
 `` so what , now you 're gon na think like them ? 
 i 'm not a person , just a thing ? '' 
 shame burned her cheeks . 
 `` i - '' `` whatever , '' he drawled , then lifted a brow as he said , `` phoenix . '' 
 she just looked back at him . 
 he stopped in front of her . 
 the desk was behind her , pressing lightly against the back of her thighs . 
 ryder 's intense gaze searched her face . 
 `` you do n't know , do you ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` is that ... what i am ? '' 
 he put the lab coat down on the desk . 
 his head cocked to the side . 
 his gaze seemed to grow even brighter as it raked over her . 
 `` i feel like i 've been frozen for the last thousand years . '' 
 thousand ? 
 there was no way she 'd heard that part right . 
 ryder could n't be that old . 
 duh , sabine . 
 vampire . 
 he could definitely be that old . 
 `` and when i tasted your blood , for the first time in so long , i felt warm again . 
 you did that . 
 your blood ... hell , it seemed to make me live again . '' 
 she was n't sure what in the heck to say in response to that . 
 `` you taste like spice . 
 heat and honey . 
 pleasure . '' 
 he leaned toward her . 
 her hands curved under the edge of the desk . 
 `` you taste like everything i had while i walked the earth as a man , everything i wanted , and i f ** king crave you . '' 
 his hand caught her chin . 
 tipped her face back up . 
 `` the bloodlust-the lust-consumed me when i tasted you . 
 i did n't have control . 
 there was n't time for control . 
 i needed you too much . '' 
 she wet her lips . 
 her heartbeat was racing in her chest , the wild thunder echoing in her ears . 
 the too-aware tension in her body seemed to be a normal occurrence when she was around him . 
 `` and now ? '' 
 the hunger in his eyes was her answer . 
 her fingers tightened around the edge of the desk . 
 she was so far out of her element here . 
 `` do n't eat me . '' 
 the words jumped from her because ryder looked as if he wanted to devour her . 
 one blond brow rose even as his cheeks seemed to hollow , to sharpen with a predatory appearance she had n't noticed before . 
 `` so very tempting . '' 
 the alarm was still ringing , muted since they were in the office , but she still heard it easily . 
 `` they 're looking for us . '' 
 so you do n't have time for a bite . 
 keep those teeth away from me . 
 `` let them look . 
 the longer we stay in here , the more the guards will disperse as they break up and search the facility . '' 
 his gaze had focused on her mouth . 
 her own eyes kept dropping to his mouth , too , and it was only partially out of fear . 
 `` i 'm prepared now , '' he told her . 
 `` i swear , i wo n't ever lose control with you again . 
 i give you my word . '' 
 she did n't exactly want to test that theory . 
 and she did n't exactly believe him . 
 `` get me out of this place . '' 
 his eyes rose . 
 met hers . 
 `` please , '' she whispered . 
 he could do it . 
 she knew he could . 
 with his enhanced senses and his speed and strength , ryder could get her to safety . 
 he could easily avoid the guards , find the exit , and get her away from genesis . 
 only the guy was n't moving . 
 his mouth kicked up in the faintest of smiles . 
 `` what will you do for me , lovely sabine , if i do ? '' 
 what ? 
 the guy was trying to barter over her freedom ? 
 now ? 
 `` perhaps a kiss , '' he said . 
 that smile of his was still there-still a bit predatory . 
 `` surely that 's not so much to ask ? '' 
 no , not so much . 
 not in the big life-or-death grand scheme of things . 
 since she 'd been expecting him to request a pint or two of blood , a kiss seemed fair enough . 
 `` get me out , and i 'll give you the best kiss you 've ever had . '' 
 an easy promise . 
 ryder shook his head . 
 `` give me the best kiss i 've ever had ... '' was there a taunt in his words ? 
 yes , there was . 
 `` and then i 'll get you out of here . '' 
 she did n't have time for this crap . 
 her hands flew up . 
 she grabbed his shirt front and fisted her fingers around the material . 
 `` fine . '' 
 then sabine jerked the vamp toward her . 
 his lips had parted in surprise . 
 did n't think i 'd do it , did you ? 
 he should have known better than to challenge a new orleans girl . 
 she pressed her mouth against his . 
 thrust her tongue past his lips . 
 back in high school , she 'd been the first-base queen . 
 her too-protective older brother had made sure she did n't get to round third base too much , but kissing ... oh , she 'd had plenty of practice on those hot louisiana nights . 
 ryder stiffened against her . 
 she figured the guy had n't expected such a fast response from her . 
 good . 
 she liked catching him off guard . 
 her tongue licked across his lip , then slid back into his mouth . 
 a growl built in his throat and his hands wrapped around her hips . 
 then his tongue was stroking hers . 
 the kiss grew rougher , her heart beat even faster , and she stopped worrying so much about her perfect technique and just kissed him . 
 hot . 
 wild . 
 the kind of kiss that made her toes curl . 
 she sucked his tongue . 
 his hands jerked her h * ps toward him . 
 since she was on the desk , he was right between her legs , and there was no missing the thick bulge of his arousal . 
 the vampire came with all the right equipment . 
 so very right . 
 and big . 
 `` we ... have enough time ... '' he muttered the words as his mouth tore from hers . 
 sabine blinked up at him . 
 she wanted his mouth back on hers . 
 he could kiss even better than her eleventh-grade boyfriend of choice , leo rouchoix . 
 leo the lips ... that had been his nickname back in high school . 
 ryder 's hands went to her waist . 
 to the top of her sweats . 
 wait , hold up , he 'd said they had enough time ? 
 she grabbed his hands . 
 `` no . '' 
 sabine shook her head , trying to shake away the lust . 
 trying to , and failing . 
 `` we 're getting out of here . '' 
 the alarm still beeped , and though ryder seemed to think this room was a safe hiding spot , she did n't want to risk being discovered right in the middle of sex . 
 not that she was ha ** ng s * x with the vamp . 
 not on the desk . 
 not in the middle of their escape . 
 just not . 
 a muscle flexed in his jaw . 
 `` do you know how much i want you ? '' 
 um , she could feel how much . 
 impressive . 
 but the vamp needed to prioritize . 
 `` i gave you the kiss . '' 
 his gaze dropped to her lips . 
 no missing the heat in his green stare . 
 `` now you get us the hell out of here . '' 
 his head tilted . 
 he did n't speak . 
 `` ryder ... '' they 'd had a deal . 
 he lifted his hand . 
 `` the hallway outside is clear now . 
 we can go . '' 
 ryder stepped back . 
 just like that . 
 her heart was about to burst out of her chest , and ryder was suddenly as calm as you please . 
 well , hell . 
 had he just been trying to distract her ? 
 keep her quiet until the guards outside had left ? 
 he could have just said `` quiet '' instead of asking for her kiss . 
 his finger smoothed over the line between her brows . 
 `` the kiss was more fun . '' 
 her heart froze . 
 `` you can read my mind . '' 
 her voice emerged as a horrified whisper . 
 those sensual lips of his-lips she could still feel against her own-quirked briefly . 
 `` no , love , not yours . '' 
 did that mean he could read the minds of others ? 
 she had to learn more about vampires . 
 when she 'd started to hear the whispers about them in new orleans , about all of the supernatural creatures , she 'd ignored most of the stories . 
 because most of them were bs . 
 huge exaggerations . 
 scary stories to frighten children . 
 but now , she sure needed to separate the fact from the fiction pronto . 
 `` your thoughts are easy enough to see on your face . '' 
 he picked up the white lab coat again . 
 `` put this on . 
 you 'll blend in better if we 're spotted . '' 
 he turned away . 
 began digging in a nearby drawer . 
 he pulled out another lab coat . 
 yanked it on . 
 her fingers dug into the fabric . 
 not yours . 
 that phrasing had been deliberate . 
 she had to ask the question that had been burning through her . 
 `` what did you do to that guard downstairs ? '' 
 his back was to her , but she saw the sudden stiffness of his shoulders . 
 `` i stopped him from killing you . '' 
 said quietly . 
 he glanced over at her . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 she licked her lips . 
 dammit , she tasted him . 
 `` you made the guard turn that gun on himself . 
 you were in his head , were n't you ? '' 
 a slow nod . 
 `` how did you - '' `` i 'd delay the escape for a f ** k , '' ryder said , the hard words cutting like a knife , `` but not to play twenty questions . 
 it 's time for us to get the hell out of here . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 he lifted his hand and offered it to her . 
 `` unless you want to stay ? '' 
 she was n't taking that hand yet . 
 `` i want to make sure i 'm not going to find myself suddenly aiming a gun at my own heart . '' 
 because she 'd seen the desperate fear in donaldson 's gaze . 
 sabine did n't want to wind up on the receiving end of whatever scary mojo ryder was working . 
 when she 'd been snatched by wyatt and his psycho team , sabine had n't exactly had time to pack her gris-gris . 
 and her aunt rya had worked so hard to create that satchel to protect sabine . 
 i could sure use its protection right about now . 
 ryder stared at her . 
 his eyes were so bright . 
 his face tense . 
 `` what ? '' 
 sabine muttered . 
 `` i think it 's a fair concern . '' 
 especially considering the events she 'd witnessed with her own eyes . 
 `` if i could control you , your hand would be holding mine right now . '' 
 he said the words with an annoyed air . 
 `` i ca n't get in your head . 
 not even with the blood i took . '' 
 that was good , right ? 
 `` i tried to get into your head . '' 
 she gulped . 
 `` there was a wall of fire blocking your mind . 
 it kept me out-is keeping me out . 
 i 'm betting it will keep every paranormal out . '' 
 her hands had fisted , the better to hide the faint tremble of her fingers . 
 `` so i wo n't be making you shove a gun at your own heart . 
 i wo n't be making you do anything that you do n't want to do . '' 
 he exhaled on a long sigh . 
 `` now , can you take my hand ? '' 
 she headed toward him . 
 her shoulder brushed his arm . 
 she forced her right hand to unclench , and she lifted it from the pocket . 
 her fingers touched his . 
 a hot charge seemed to pulse from his skin to hers . 
 `` lead the way , '' sabine whispered . 
 her fingers curled around his . 
 `` donaldson , drop the gun , '' richard barked as he rushed into the cell . 
 donaldson dropped the gun . 
 the other guards swarmed in , searching the area . 
 `` they 're gone , '' donaldson gasped out . 
 `` been gone ... '' `` and you just let them walk away ? '' 
 fury spiked within richard . 
 `` you were supposed to shoot the woman , not free her . '' 
 `` i-i did n't ... the vampire came in . 
 he let her go . '' 
 obviously . 
 `` while you just stood there . '' 
 the man actually was still just standing there . 
 richard waved his hand . 
 `` get moving , donaldson . 
 we 're locking down the facility . 
 we 're going to find them . '' 
 he turned away . 
 `` they wo n't get out of genesis . '' 
 richard had taken two steps before he realized donaldson was n't moving . 
 richard glanced back over his shoulder . 
 the guard stood frozen in the middle of the room . 
 his eyes were wild , his face taut . 
 sweat covered him , but the man was n't stepping forward . 
 `` come along , donaldson , '' richard snapped . 
 he did n't have time to waste coddling a guard . 
 the man had been attacked . 
 yes , yes , traumatic , no doubt , but he was fine now . 
 no injuries that richard could see , except for the bandaged bite mark on donaldson 's neck . 
 the wound still appeared to be bleeding , judging by the way the red stain was spreading on the white cloth . 
 `` ca n't , '' donaldson rasped . 
 `` not until ... ryder 's back . '' 
 what ? 
 richard spun around . 
 his gaze swept over the guard . 
 donaldson 's body was shaking , but the man was not so much as inching forward . 
 `` come here , donaldson . '' 
 all of the other guards were dead silent . 
 donaldson shook his head . 
 `` ca n't ! '' 
 he shouted this time , his frustration breaking him . 
 `` i ca n't move a step , not 'til ryder gets back ! '' 
 richard knew his own eyes were widening . 
 he tried to school his expression even as excitement filled him . 
 `` why would you follow his orders ? '' 
 the other guards were avid . 
 watching too much . 
 hearing too much . 
 richard waved them away . 
 `` go join the others ! 
 i want a search of every room at genesis ! '' 
 the guards hurried to comply . 
 richard waited until they were gone , then he asked again , `` why obey him ? 
 did he threaten you ? 
 your family ? '' 
 `` he 's ... in my head . '' 
 the horror of those words was reflected in donaldson 's eyes . 
 eyes that appeared to be filling with tears . 
 richard remembered the way donaldson had stood when he first burst into the room . 
 `` he made you put the gun to your own chest , did n't he ? '' 
 richard did n't want to let the excitement get the better of him . 
 he 'd hoped this would be the case . 
 for so long , he 'd searched for a vampire who 'd mastered this particular talent . 
 his search had yielded no success , until now . 
 donaldson nodded . 
 `` i could ... feel him . '' 
 his hand lifted and his fingers rubbed against his temple . 
 `` it was n't me up here . 
 just him . '' 
 richard smiled . 
 `` it was the bite . '' 
 smart vampire . 
 the attacks on donaldson and thomas had been part of an escape strategy . 
 jim thomas ... you attacked him because you knew he 'd have access to the key cards . 
 he was your ticket to freedom . 
 richard realized he 'd underestimated ryder . 
 he would n't be making that mistake again . 
 richard bent and picked up the discarded gun . 
 `` do you still feel ryder in your mind ? '' 
 donaldson did n't answer . 
 but then , was n't that answer enough ? 
 richard glanced over his shoulder . 
 they were alone . 
 donaldson deserved to hear this . 
 `` there are stories ... some vampires are old enough , powerful enough , that they can actually control the minds of humans . '' 
 he 'd just thought that was a legend . 
 he 'd hoped it was truth , but had discovered no evidence to back up that particular power , until this moment . 
 `` he 's controlling me , '' donaldson whispered . 
 a tear streaked down his cheek . 
 `` stop him ! '' 
 oh , now that was the tricky part . 
 `` it 's the blood , '' richard said . 
 with vampires , was n't it always ? 
 `` he did n't take control until he had your blood . '' 
 otherwise , ryder would have escaped sooner . 
 he would have just taken control of the guards at any point and used them to do his bidding . 
 but though ryder had killed a few guards when he 'd first been contained at genesis , the vampire had n't been allowed to get within biting distance of any genesis personnel , not since those early , desperate weeks . 
 and since he had n't been able to bite them ... you could n't control them . 
 until a fatal mistake had been made . 
 until thomas and donaldson had gotten within the vampire 's deadly reach . 
 during his time at genesis , richard knew that plenty of other vampires had tasted the guards . 
 they 'd had their blood-new guards often made foolish mistakes . 
 they got too close to their prey . 
 one nip of the teeth was enough to guarantee that they 'd be better prepared in the future . 
 those vampires had never been able to take over the minds of their prey . 
 those vampires had n't been like ryder . 
 what makes ryder different ? 
 he had to find out . 
 ryder could very well be the vampire that he 'd sought for so long . 
 the key . 
 the cure . 
 richard 's fingers tightened on the gun . 
 `` you 're his puppet now . 
 whatever ryder says , whatever he so much as thinks , you 'll be compelled to do . '' 
 even turning against his own teammates . 
 hell , the guy would kill his own family if ryder told him to do so . 
 the proof was plain to see . 
 donaldson had put a gun to his own chest . 
 very , very interesting . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 donaldson begged . 
 `` if you find him , if you kill him , i 'll be free , right ? '' 
 yes , he would be free then , but richard shook his head . 
 `` i have no intention of killing ryder . '' 
 what purpose would that serve ? 
 the cure . 
 he 'd looked for a vampire like ryder , searched since he was little more than a child . 
 containment of ryder would be priority one . 
 they 'd need more of his blood . 
 humans would have to be injected . 
 more test subjects lined up and - `` help me ! '' 
 ah , now donaldson was shouting again . 
 it was hard to think when someone shouted like that . 
 sighing , richard lifted the gun . 
 he fired . 
 the bullet blasted into donaldson 's chest , a direct hit to the heart . 
 the man fell to the floor . 
 `` now you 're free , '' richard murmured . 
 he stared dispassionately at the body . 
 donaldson had been dead from the minute richard realized he was under ryder 's control . 
 donaldson would have been a weakness for genesis . 
 ryder would have manipulated the human . 
 used him to attack . 
 `` sorry , donaldson . '' 
 richard turned for the door . 
 `` but it 's for the good of science . '' 
 chapter six genesis was a maze . 
 at least four levels , though ryder was betting more levels waited downstairs , far below his own prison . 
 so many cells . 
 far more than he 'd realized . 
 too many prisoners . 
 `` there are others trapped here , '' sabine said as she walked closely by his side . 
 ryder kept his head down . 
 they 'd been lucky enough to walk right past two guards without those guys even giving them a second glance . 
 you just saw the lab coats and you did n't bother to look at our faces . 
 richard had hired those guys for their bulk . 
 not so much for their brains . 
 `` we should get them out , '' sabine told him , voice soft . 
 `` i 'll come back , '' he told her . 
 not on a rescue mission . 
 but a mission to make richard wyatt scream in agony . 
 she glanced toward him . 
 `` we 'll turn the corner up here , '' he told her , inclining his head slightly , `` then we 'll go in the room on the left . '' 
 `` i thought we were going for the exit . '' 
 boots pounded behind them . 
 more guards . 
 would these guys be as clueless as the others ? 
 hopefully . 
 if not , then he 'd just kill them . 
 `` we are heading for the exit , '' he explained , keeping his voice low . 
 `` i can smell fresh air coming from that place . '' 
 his nose was even better than a wolf shifter 's . 
 actually , since he 'd taken sabine 's blood , all of his senses seemed to be working overtime . 
 `` walk faster , '' she told him as she started to double-time her steps . 
 had she heard the guards , too ? 
 they rounded the corner . 
 ryder kept following that fresh air scent . 
 he did n't want to run . 
 he wanted to turn and fight all those fools following him . 
 to have a bloodbath just like in the old days . 
 but i ca n't risk her . 
 so he clenched his teeth and shoved into the room on the left . 
 a small window waited . 
 one covered with bars . 
 an office . 
 barely ten feet long . 
 it smelled of humans . 
 there were half-eaten snacks scattered on a table . 
 a breakroom ? 
 a breaking-out room . 
 he headed for the window . 
 yanked on the bars . 
 the footsteps were coming closer . 
 the bars snapped in his hands . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he all but tossed her through the window . 
 but then another alarm began to blast . 
 one that was coming from the exterior of genesis . 
 got it rigged so no one gets out , huh ? 
 too bad , we 're out . 
 ryder shoved his own body through the narrow window . 
 chunks of plaster and brick rained down on him as he broke not just the window , but the weak wall surrounding it . 
 unlike the walls in his cell , this room was n't reinforced . 
 probably because it was n't a place for prisoners . 
 before he 'd even cleared the window , sabine grabbed his arm . 
 the woman was actually trying to help drag him out of the building . 
 cute . 
 he did n't need any help . 
 `` run ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 she kept her hold on him . 
 did n't run until he did . 
 unexpected . 
 it looked like sabine was n't the type to leave a partner behind . 
 he 'd remember that tidbit about her . 
 then they were rushing toward the line of trees before them . 
 guards raced into their path , ready to cut off their escape . 
 the guards had big , shiny guns . 
 big f ** king deal . 
 he had big , sharp teeth-and he was about to let his claws out . 
 claws that would make a shifter envious . 
 had , actually , on plenty of occasions in the past . 
 he grabbed sabine 's arm and shoved her behind him . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 one of the guards yelled . 
 `` raise your arms and - '' ryder did n't stop . 
 bullets tore into his shoulder and stomach . 
 he kept running . 
 grabbed the nearest guard . 
 broke his arm . 
 took his gun . 
 shot back at the others who were foolish enough to still be trying to stop him . 
 and , even though he 'd tried to push her back , sabine was there . 
 fighting at his side . 
 snatching up a gun when it fell from another guard 's hands , and then whirling to fire-because they had more company coming at them from the south . 
 a quick glance showed ryder that wyatt had sent a heavy force outside . 
 he easily counted ten guards-and there , in the middle was richard fucking wyatt himself . 
 `` shoot the prick , '' wyatt snarled at sabine . 
 and damn if she did n't . 
 sabine raised her gun . 
 aimed . 
 fired . 
 richard tried to dodge at the last minute , but the bullet still ripped deep into his chest . 
 the woman was one very fine shot . 
 but when she fired , all of the guards lifted their weapons . 
 ryder snarled . 
 he grabbed sabine and turned , cradling her in his arms . 
 a hail of bullets hit him . 
 thudding hard into his back . 
 some even ripped out of his chest as they tunneled all the way through him . 
 he held his body steady , refusing to buckle as the agony burned through him . 
 so many bullets . 
 keep her safe . 
 keep her - sabine gasped and her body jerked within his arms . 
 `` stop ! 
 stop ! 
 dammit , put down your weapons ! '' 
 that voice . 
 no way . 
 it could n't be ... footsteps pounded toward him . 
 ryder did n't turn , not yet . 
 he 'd wait , let them think he was weak , then he 'd whirl and attack . 
 `` ry-ryder ... '' sabine shuddered against him . 
 `` h-help ... '' his gaze dropped to her . 
 her face was so pale in the bright sunlight . 
 her eyes too dark . 
 and ... he eased his body away from hers . 
 blood soaked her shirt . 
 his blood . 
 it had to be his blood . 
 he 'd taken the bullets to protect her . 
 her body sagged . 
 it ... was n't just his blood . 
 her blood . 
 the guards were surrounding him then . 
 he did n't give a f ** k. carefully , ryder lowered sabine to the ground . 
 the grass was green and soft-and already getting soaked with her blood . 
 there were bullet holes in her chest . 
 he 'd tried so hard to shield her but the bullets went through me and into her . 
 `` you 're dead , '' he promised , savagery rising in him , a dark force that he did n't try to control . 
 sabine 's eyes widened . 
 she tried to speak . 
 no , not you ... not . 
 you . 
 his fingers were so gentle as he stroked her cheek . 
 the guards were dead . 
 they were the ones he was sending to hell . 
 he bit his wrist . 
 let the blood flow . 
 brought the wound to her mouth . 
 he was n't letting her die . 
 was n't going to watch her burn . 
 `` are we really doing this again ? '' 
 that familiar voice drawled . 
 a voice that should belong to a dead man . 
 sabine 's lips feathered over his wrist . 
 she was drinking . 
 good . 
 yes . 
 but his head turned and-sure enough-richard wyatt was striding toward him . 
 wyatt 's shirt was red with blood , the guy 's face appeared strained , but he was advancing just fine . 
 she hit him in the heart . 
 i know she did . 
 even if she had n't , no human could be up and walking after a hit like that . 
 not human . 
 wyatt 's lips quirked a bit as he met ryder 's stare . 
 `` move away from twenty-nine , and let 's get back inside . '' 
 twenty-nine ? 
 what the hell ? 
 one of the guards sprang at ryder . 
 enough . 
 ryder surged to his feet and broke the guard 's neck . 
 shattered the collarbone of another and grabbed the bastard 's gun . 
 fired - fire ? 
 `` i do n't believe your blood can stop her death this time , '' richard murmured as he cocked his head to the side . 
 ryder whirled back around . 
 sabine had taken his blood . 
 she should have been all right . 
 she should have been - no heartbeat . 
 he did n't hear sabine 's heart . 
 and he could already smell smoke . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he fell to the ground beside her . 
 more guards were coming . 
 screw them . 
 he 'd told sabine that he 'd get her out of that hell , but she was about to burn anyway . 
 `` it 's easier to contain her before the shift . '' 
 richard 's voice . 
 `` dose them both . 
 keep firing at her until she begins to rise . 
 you 'll have to time the attack just right . '' 
 her skin was heating beneath his touch . 
 he felt sharp pricks on his back . 
 harder punches , too . 
 the backup guards were dosing him with that sp tranq . 
 right then , he did n't give a damn . 
 he was n't moving from her side . 
 not until she was back with him . 
 she rose once . 
 she 'll rise again . 
 `` come on , '' he whispered to her . 
 `` come back ! '' 
 because he did n't know exactly where sabine went when she died and part of him was afraid to find out . 
 afraid ... when he had n't feared anything in the last thousand years . 
 not since he 'd put the last of his family in the ground . 
 not until now . 
 until her . 
 `` sabine ! '' 
 her name was a roar . 
 a desperate order . 
 the sp tranq was already flooding through his body . 
 how much of the drug had they pumped into him ? 
 did n't matter . 
 nothing mattered but her . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 softer now . 
 more of a plea . 
 her lashes began to flutter . 
 yes . 
 she was coming back to him . 
 as soon as her eyes opened - her lashes opened . 
 her eyes were so dark and deep when they met his . 
 dark ... at first . 
 then a ring of red appeared in her eyes . 
 a red that looked like fire . 
 the ring spread . 
 flared hotter . 
 the red expanded until flames consumed her eyes . 
 `` now you '' - he had to lean forward to hear her whispered words - `` run ... '' beneath his hands , her skin continued to warm as the fire flickered higher in her eyes . 
 run . 
 he tried to stand , but the sp tranqs had numbed his body . 
 he fell to the ground beside her . 
 that was where he wanted to be . 
 close to her . 
 close . 
 flames erupted , covering her flesh . 
 the heat blasted across his skin . 
 several of the guards cried out , and he saw them , burning . 
 how does it feel ? 
 the guards hit the ground and tried to roll in an attempt to put out the fire . 
 but that fire was n't dying . 
 neither was sabine . 
 as he watched , she rose . 
 covered in those flames , she rose . 
 the fire was flying out from her body , hitting guards , seeming to deliberately attack them while none of those red-orange streaks were coming at him . 
 because his phoenix was controlling her fire . 
 he 'd never see anything more beautiful or more deadly , and he knew that he never would again . 
 `` shoot her ! '' 
 wyatt screamed . 
 `` shoot her until she goes down ! '' 
 the remaining guards were trying to shoot , but the sp tranq could n't penetrate the wall of fire around her . 
 ryder 's eyes wanted to sag closed , but he forced his gaze to stay open . 
 sabine had the strength right then . 
 this was her moment . 
 she could ... `` get ... away . '' 
 through the flames , he saw her head turn toward him . 
 her hair seemed to be floating in the fire , and a rough brush of wind-hot wind-whispered over his skin . 
 `` now 's ... your ... chance , '' he managed . 
 he would n't be able to stay conscious much longer . 
 but he did n't have to last long , just until she escaped . 
 `` go ! '' 
 and she did . 
 sabine-his phoenix-turned and rushed into the woods . 
 the flames around her dimmed as she reached the trees . 
 `` shoot ! '' 
 wyatt yelled . 
 more sp tranqs were fired at her . 
 but sabine disappeared into the woods . 
 she 'd gotten away . 
 hell , yes . 
 his head fell back against the ground . 
 ryder stared above him . 
 the sun . 
 big and bright , and , right then , f ** king gorgeous . 
 he could always think clearly when the sp tranq hit him . 
 he just could n't move his body an inch . 
 it took all of his strength to keep his eyes cracked open just a few minutes more . 
 vampires were supposed to hate the daytime . 
 it made most of 'em weaker . 
 not him . 
 the tranq was doing that all by itself . 
 then he could n't see the sun . 
 not because his heavy lids had finally closed , but because wyatt stood above him , blocking the view . 
 `` do n't worry , '' wyatt assured him . 
 `` we 'll get her back . 
 i 'm sure that last shot hit its mark . '' 
 no ! 
 wyatt offered a smile . 
 `` perhaps if you cooperate fully with my experiments , i 'll even let her visit your cell once more . '' 
 ryder tried to turn his head so that he could look over and see the woods . 
 sabine had gotten away . 
 wyatt was a lying sack of shit . 
 he was - a guard was carrying sabine 's limp body from the trees . 
 `` oh , did n't i mention ? '' 
 wyatt murmured . 
 `` i had guards waiting in the woods . 
 just as a precaution . 
 they had orders to dose her with the sp tranq until she went down . '' 
 son of a - `` when you wake up , '' wyatt told him , `` you 're going to be very , very hungry . '' 
 his lashes were closing . 
 `` sorry , but i 'm afraid i 'll have to drain you nearly dry . 
 for science , of course . '' 
 science could f ** k off . 
 his eyes closed . 
 i 'm sorry , sabine . 
 he 'd promised her freedom . 
 one way or another , he 'd find a way to keep that promise . 
 sabine was naked . 
 when ryder opened his eyes , she was the first thing he saw . 
 what a damn fantastic sight . 
 his body hardened and he lunged for her . 
 only to be yanked back-before he could touch that smooth skin of hers-by the heavy chains that wrapped around his wrists . 
 sabine flinched . 
 she lifted her head , and her eyes-dark once more , no longer flaming red-met his . 
 his memory flooded back . 
 the escape . 
 the fire . 
 her . 
 `` you did n't get away . '' 
 she just stared back at him . 
 hell , did she even know who he was ? 
 she 'd pulled up her knees . 
 wrapped her arms around her legs . 
 sabine was shielding her body from him . 
 a good idea , because the lust cutting through him was already reaching a fever pitch , after just a few seconds . 
 physical lust ... and bloodlust . 
 because he did n't just remember their failed escape attempt . 
 he remembered being strapped down . 
 remembered wyatt shoving needles in his arm and draining his blood . 
 draining and draining until it had felt as if there was nothing left inside of him . 
 until ryder was just a hollow shell . 
 no blood . 
 after that kind of torture , he should have been no more than a beast . 
 a wild creature that only wanted to feed . 
 that was what wyatt had wanted him to become . 
 ryder backed away from her , retreating until his shoulders hit the wall . 
 wo n't attack her . 
 ca n't . 
 `` i ... fed you . '' 
 her voice was hushed . 
 ryder blinked , not sure he understood . 
 sabine lifted her wrist . 
 he could see the narrow slice that cut across the faint line of blue veins . 
 `` i fed you while you were asleep . 
 i thought i 'd be able to , ah , control you better that way . '' 
 ryder could only shake his head . 
 that had been too risky . 
 when it came to a starving vampire and feeding , control did n't exactly apply . 
 and when he was unconscious , anything could have happened . 
 `` you remember me this time . '' 
 her hand dropped . 
 went back to curl around her knees . 
 `` it 's been five days since we tried to get out . 
 my memory-i did n't lose all of it this time , and what i did lose , yes , it 's back . '' 
 her gaze was stark . 
 `` i died again . '' 
 he wanted to touch her , and , despite the blood she 'd so generously given to him-i can taste her . 
 there 's a sweetness in my mouth-he wanted to sink his teeth into her delicate neck and drink . 
 sabine was n't safe with him . 
 she needed to be in another cell . 
 needed to be far away . 
 `` wyatt said that sometimes i 'll remember who i am . 
 sometimes i wo n't . 
 if i-if i die enough , he thinks i 'll totally lose myself ... '' he saw her throat move as she swallowed . 
 `` wyatt said - '' `` i do n't give a shit what he said ! '' 
 okay , maybe he should n't have snarled the words . 
 her flinch had shame knifing in his gut . 
 and realizing that , dammit , he was naked , too . 
 playing a new game , are you , wyatt ? 
 what , now the guy wanted them to f ** k ? 
 ryder sucked in a deep breath and tried to calm his fury . 
 his gaze flew around the cell . 
 same room . 
 same inner pit of hell . 
 but if he was back there , then that meant wyatt and his cronies had retrieved jim thomas . 
 if the guy was still at the facility , then maybe he could use him . 
 `` i think wyatt wants me to lose myself . 
 to just become the-the phoenix . '' 
 her shoulders were hunched . 
 `` that 's not going to happen . '' 
 her gaze met his . 
 `` yes , it is . '' 
 she was so beautiful that she made him ache . 
 beautiful , strong , a creature of myth . 
 and wyatt had stripped her and tossed her into a cage with a bloodthirsty monster . 
 all for his twisted science . 
 sabine 's voice was husky as she said , `` wyatt told me that i will die , again and again , and rise in the fire ... rise until the only thing left is a monster that just kills and destroys everyone in its path . '' 
 wyatt was a talkative bastard , in addition to his million other sins . 
 heaving out a heavy breath , ryder walked to her . 
 the chains trailed behind him . 
 he needed more blood in order to be strong enough to break those chains . 
 `` i ca n't pretend this is n't happening . 
 my life ... everything 's changed . '' 
 she shivered and glanced at him . 
 `` and you know the worst part ? '' 
 having a na ** d vampire standing over you , wanting a bite of you so badly his mouth is watering ? 
 no , she did n't realize how desperate he was becoming . 
 maybe he could play the caring role a bit longer . 
 if he was lucky . 
 if she was . 
 her eyes squeezed closed . 
 `` i 've been to hell . '' 
 he did n't speak . 
 `` when i died , i-i remembered this time . 
 the fire is so hot . 
 it surrounds me . 
 burns and burns and burns and it has to be hell . 
 i go to hell . '' 
 he reached for her arms . 
 pulled sabine up to her feet . 
 `` no , love , this cage we 're in , that 's hell . 
 and , i swear to you , we will be free . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` we tried , we - '' he kissed her . 
 his lips brushed over hers , silencing the tangle of her words . 
 he wanted to thrust his tongue deep , to sink into her , but if he pushed , he knew he would n't be able to pull back . 
 with her , his control was too weak . 
 so he kept the kiss simple . 
 a bare press of the lips . 
 a soft caress against her mouth . 
 just enough to give him a taste . 
 just enough to have him hungering for so much more . 
 then his head lifted . 
 `` do n't be afraid . '' 
 she stared back at him . 
 such big , dark , beautiful eyes . 
 but then , he 'd thought her eyes were beautiful even when they burned with red and gold flames . 
 sabine swiped her tongue over her full lower lip and confessed , `` they wanted me to use my body to seduce you . '' 
 seducing me would n't be hard . 
 no way had she missed the big erection pointing toward her . 
 `` they said that if you answered my questions , if i got you to tell me your secrets , that i 'd be let go . '' 
 he wanted her mouth again . 
 because he wanted it , he stepped back . 
 `` i 'll tell you anything you want to know . '' 
 but she shook her head . 
 `` they 're lying . 
 all wyatt can do is lie . '' 
 her gaze met his . 
 her cheeks were flushed . 
 `` he 's not human . 
 i shot him in the chest - '' breaking off , she spun to face the mirror . 
 her hands slapped against the glass . 
 `` i saw him get shot in the heart ! 
 his men must have seen it , too ! 
 he 's not human ! '' 
 now she was screaming . 
 he grabbed her shoulder . 
 `` stop , he 'll come - '' she whirled and wrapped her arms around him . 
 `` i want him to come . '' 
 the rain of her hair covered her face as she turned her head toward him . 
 `` they only let me see you because i promised to seduce you . 
 to learn your secrets . '' 
 she gave a quick shake of her head . 
 `` but i wo n't betray you . 
 i just wanted to help you . 
 you helped me , you were the only one who did . '' 
 `` sabine ... '' `` i knew that you 'd need my blood . '' 
 she 'd come to save him ? 
 `` maybe now that you have it , you 'll be strong enough to get out . '' 
 he heard the guards coming . 
 wyatt had realized his little plan had just gotten screwed . 
 but sabine had n't . 
 `` come back for me , okay ? '' 
 she tried to smile . 
 if he 'd been human , ryder was sure that smile would have broken his heart . 
 `` when you 're free , promise to come back for me . '' 
 the guards wrenched open the door . 
 they came in with their guns up . 
 `` step away from her ! '' 
 wyatt shouted . 
 ryder turned toward him . 
 bared his fangs . 
 `` why do n't you come and make me ? '' 
 wyatt merely smiled back . 
 `` fine . 
 she 's behind you . 
 i 'll just have the guards shoot until the bullets blast through you and penetrate her flesh again and - '' `` how do you want to die ? '' 
 ryder asked him , genuinely curious as he made his plans . 
 `` it 's going to be a slow death , but do you want me to start by cutting your flesh away ? 
 or - '' `` death does n't come so easily to me . '' 
 wyatt 's mouth tightened . 
 `` if it did , do you think i 'd be here ? '' 
 interesting response . 
 `` so that 's a yes for cutting your flesh away ? '' 
 the doctor 's cheeks flushed dark red with what ryder suspected was raw fury . 
 not so clinical now , are we ? 
 `` let twenty-nine go , '' wyatt snapped . 
 twenty-nine ? 
 `` that 's me , '' sabine muttered , sounding disgusted . 
 `` because i 'm not a person anymore . 
 just a number . '' 
 then she walked around ryder . 
 the hell she was just leaving . 
 he grabbed her arm . 
 `` do n't go with them . '' 
 she gave him a faint smile . 
 `` i was wrong about you . 
 for a vampire , you are n't so bad . '' 
 yes , i am . 
 `` you 've got a real killer bite , but there 's more to you than just that . '' 
 she searched his gaze . 
 `` do n't forget me , '' sabine told him . 
 then she shrugged away his hand . 
 his gaze followed her . 
 so hungry and wild and , he knew , desperate . 
 wyatt shrugged off his lab coat and offered it to sabine . 
 he pointed to the guards behind him . 
 `` i want her transferred to the second facility . '' 
 a second facility ? 
 hell , no . 
 `` sabine ! '' 
 she looked back at him . 
 `` you 're not a number , '' he snapped . 
 she was so much more . 
 her head inclined . 
 `` and you 're not a monster . '' 
 then she left him . 
 the guards led her out of the room , and ryder noticed they were careful not to touch her skin . 
 probably because they were afraid she 'd fry them . 
 he hoped that she did . 
 wyatt did n't exit the room . 
 he stood in the doorway , lingering after the others were gone . 
 `` were you the first ? '' 
 ryder glared back at him . 
 wyatt 's lips tightened . 
 `` do n't you understand what i 'm trying to do ? '' 
 `` you 're trying to get your kicks from torturing paranormals ? '' 
 yes , that bit was obvious . 
 he more than got it . 
 `` i 'm trying to cure us ! '' 
 hushed , as if he were afraid someone , somewhere , might overhear . 
 ryder slanted a glance at the observation mirror . 
 `` us ? '' 
 sabine had been right , but then , he 'd suspected that truth for a long time . 
 when sabine had fired her gun , ryder had seen the truth with his own eyes . 
 her bullet had plunged into richard wyatt 's chest . 
 but the guy was still alive . 
 humans did n't recover so quickly . 
 `` no one 's in the observation room , '' wyatt said , voice rough . 
 `` do you think i 'd risk talking while others could hear ? '' 
 wyatt bent down and yanked out a pair of jogging pants from a duffel bag at his feet . 
 `` fuck , put these on . '' 
 he tossed the pants to ryder . 
 raising a brow , ryder yanked on the pants . 
 `` guess that little na ** d scene did n't work quite as you wanted , huh , ass ** le ? '' 
 wyatt 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` you think you 've helped her ? 
 if you 'd had sex with her , maybe gotten lucky enough to get her pregnant , you would have helped us all . '' 
 `` guess i 'm not a helper that way . '' 
 ryder gazed back at him . 
 `` what happened to the whole , ` i 'm not interested in birth , but transformation ' bit ? '' 
 `` that was before , '' wyatt replied flatly . 
 `` before ? '' 
 `` before i knew just what you were ! '' 
 `` the fangs and blood-drinking did n't give me away ? '' 
 ryder asked , baiting . 
 `` and here i thought we 'd long ago established that i was a vamp . 
 your science really must not be that good . '' 
 the flush deepened on wyatt 's face . 
 `` i knew you were a vamp , but i did n't know you were the first . '' 
 `` back to that , are we ? '' 
 `` a child with your dna , twenty-nine 's dna-that would be a transformation . '' 
 or an abomination , depending on the person you asked . 
 wyatt yanked a rough hand through his hair . 
 `` do n't you get it ? 
 we need a cure ! '' 
 `` i 'm not sick . 
 i do n't need anything . '' 
 he 'd never been sick . 
 never would . 
 a vampire did n't - `` i 'm not the only one who did experiments . '' 
 hushed . 
 and yes , wyatt tossed a nervous glance over his shoulder . 
 thought the big boss was n't worried about someone overhearing him . 
 `` some of those experiments , they went damn wrong . '' 
 ryder forced a shrug . 
 `` then i bet you terminated them . '' 
 was n't that the guy 's mo ? 
 to terminate his failed experiments ? 
 when he 'd broken free , ryder had caught the scent of death . 
 bodies . 
 so many . 
 a rough laugh escaped wyatt . 
 `` sometimes , it 's harder to terminate experiments than you think . '' 
 his eyes blazed at ryder . 
 `` imagine vampires who did n't retain their humanity . 
 vamps who were just killing machines , beasts with fangs and claws that have only the most basic of primal instincts-the instincts to kill and feed . '' 
 ryder did n't let his expression alter . 
 he did casually pull on the chains , testing them . 
 `` those are n't going to break . '' 
 wyatt waved his hand with a disgusted air . 
 `` it 's a new metal , one we 're having to use on another subject , too . 
 subject thirteen has proven too strong . '' 
 `` subject thirteen , '' ryder repeated . 
 so the mad doc was giving them all numbers now . 
 `` what 's he ? 
 a vamp ? 
 a shifter ? '' 
 wyatt 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` cain 's like sabine , of course . '' 
 a phoenix . 
 `` just stronger , '' wyatt shook his head . 
 `` i 'd hoped that cain-subject thirteen-might be able to stop the - '' `` the vampires ? 
 the ones who 've gone all primal on you ? '' 
 ryder cut in , voice mocking . 
 his gaze lasered in on wyatt 's . 
 `` all vamps have fangs and claws . 
 that 's not exactly a newsflash . '' 
 he raised his own growing claws . 
 `` so forgive me if i do n't give a shit . '' 
 `` these vampires are different . 
 do n't you get that ? 
 every tooth is sharpened to a killing edge . 
 every tooth is a fang . '' 
 wyatt bit out these words . 
 `` their claws are long , black , sharper than knives , and they never retract . 
 the vamps stay in killing form , day and night , and the hunger they feel can never be quenched . '' 
 ryder 's brows climbed . 
 `` sounds like someone made the wrong kind of monster . '' 
 bastard , is this why you took my blood ? 
 to make more of them ? 
 because the world needed more monsters . 
 `` you could be the cure for them . 
 maybe the cure for all vampires . '' 
 wyatt wiped a hand over his sweaty forehead . 
 huh . 
 looked like the doc was starting to fray at his edges . 
 `` you are the first , are n't you ? '' 
 `` no , not even close , '' ryder said , voice as mild as could be . 
 wyatt frowned at him . 
 `` liar . 
 you think i do n't know ? 
 i saw what you did to donaldson - '' `` and where is he ? '' 
 ryder had to ask . 
 he was vaguely curious about the guard . 
 he 'd tried to reach out to him a moment before and felt nothing . 
 `` dead . '' 
 said without a hint of remorse . 
 figured . 
 `` and the doc ? 
 thomas ? '' 
 ryder had n't tried to link with him yet . 
 he wanted to wait until he did n't have an audience . 
 `` jim thomas is a test subject now . '' 
 poor human . 
 yes , ryder was almost feeling sympathy for him . 
 `` those vamps , '' wyatt muttered . 
 `` we have to find a cure for them . '' 
 `` yes , well , good luck with all of that . '' 
 ryder crossed his arms over his chest , and the chains rattled . 
 `` maybe if you 'd let me the f ** k out of here ... '' and if you gave me sabine ... `` maybe then i 'd be in more of a helping mood . '' 
 wyatt shook his head . 
 `` the blood they were given-the blood was n't pure enough . 
 that must have been why they had the breakdown with their cells . '' 
 ryder forced his muscles to remain loose and relaxed . 
 `` they were soldiers ... '' was wyatt just talking to himself now ? 
 looked that way-crazy jerk . 
 `` their minds should have been strong enough . 
 their bodies strong enough . 
 vamp and lycan dna-they were going to be stronger . '' 
 hold the hell up . 
 `` you spliced vamp and shifter blood ? '' 
 `` wolf shifter blood , '' wyatt snapped . 
 `` lycan - '' `` and you created some crazy-ass monster that you ca n't control ? 
 how can you be surprised by that ? '' 
 that was what happened when you played god . 
 you created the devil . 
 hell came to earth . 
 `` you can be the cure . '' 
 ryder shook his head . 
 `` you kill your test subjects left and right . 
 why the hell have n't you just taken these guys out ? 
 failed experiments , right ? '' 
 he tossed back at the guy . 
 `` i 'd think you 'd just get rid of them - '' wyatt 's shoulders straightened . 
 behind the thin frames of his glasses , his eyes hardened . 
 `` normally , i do . '' 
 the words were cold . 
 crisp . 
 ah , so he was trying to pull back his control . 
 crazy . 
 `` but these beings are immune from disease . 
 they do n't age . 
 they can kill savagely , perfectly . 
 they can communicate on a psychic level - '' this just got better . 
 but ryder said , `` bullshit , '' because the story was too impossible . 
 he hoped it was . 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 wyatt turned away from him . 
 `` soon enough , i 'll show you what was created . '' 
 the guy was heading for the door . 
 `` you said ` us ' before , '' ryder called out . 
 wyatt paused . 
 `` you wanted a cure for ` us , ' '' ryder reminded him , focusing on the word that had first caught his attention . 
 `` so you 're one of the freaks , too ? '' 
 i already knew that . 
 wyatt glanced over his shoulder at him . 
 `` when my father realized the mistake he 'd made with these experiments , when he saw how quickly they could infect others with their bite , he had to create a being who would be immune to them . '' 
 his father ? 
 `` if a human gets so much as a single bite from these vamps , the infection takes over that person 's body . '' 
 that was n't the way vamps were made . 
 never so quickly . 
 and it took an actual blood exchange between the vampire and human , not just one single bite . 
 `` the infection is in their saliva , '' wyatt said , rolling his shoulders a bit . 
 `` humans do n't have an immune system or dna strong enough to resist the transformation . '' 
 his lips twisted in a humorless smile . 
 `` human dna is actually designed to speed up the process . '' 
 `` but you 're immune , right ? '' 
 that was what wyatt had just said . 
 `` if you 're immune , then why do n't you just make up some vaccine from your blood so all the little humans in the world are safe ? '' 
 the words were snarled , but ryder actually meant what he said . 
 if wyatt was n't just bullshitting in an attempt to push ryder into cooperating with his experiments , then this-shit , this really could be hell on earth . 
 `` because my blood 's poison . '' 
 the words were growled from wyatt . 
 `` to the vamps and the humans ... flawed . 
 he made a mistake . '' 
 he ? 
 the guy 's father ? 
 they were just a whole family of screwed-up ass ** les . 
 `` where are these vampires ? '' 
 ryder asked . 
 if the guy was telling the truth , he wanted to know where these primal vamps were being held . 
 because i 'll kill them . 
 `` they 're contained . '' 
 wyatt opened the door . 
 `` i wo n't let them out . 
 not until i 'm sure of their control . '' 
 the story could be a lie . 
 `` show me one of them . 
 prove what you 've got . '' 
 what you 've done . 
 `` no . '' 
 wyatt did n't look back this time . 
 `` they do n't get out . 
 they never get out . '' 
 they are n't real . 
 `` this is bullshit ! '' 
 ryder yelled . 
 `` you do n't have them-you 're just trying to get me to cooperate . '' 
 he yanked on the chains . 
 felt more rage building in him . 
 they 'd taken sabine . 
 more experiments . 
 more hell . 
 the chains were embedded in the stone walls . 
 the stone began to crack as he yanked with all of his strength . 
 `` i 'm not cooperating ! 
 i 'm going to f ** king kill you ! '' 
 the door closed behind wyatt . 
 he 'd gone . 
 ryder kept pulling at the chains . 
 pulling ... `` you can try to kill me . '' 
 wyatt 's voice drifted through the speaker . 
 `` but i told you , i 'm poison . '' 
 then they 'd both die . 
 `` now i have to go see about your lovely phoenix . 
 if you wo n't cooperate '' - wyatt sighed - `` maybe she will . '' 
 then there was only silence . 
 the frantic beat of ryder 's heart , and the knowledge that sabine would be hurt . 
 she 'd be killed . 
 and all he could do was sit in this cage and wait . 
 the rage built within him . 
 grew . 
 with every second that passed , the man he was lost more and more control . 
 i can be f ** king primal , too . 
 wyatt was about to see just how primal the first vampire could be . 
 chapter seven they left him alone in his cell for three weeks . 
 ryder counted the moments as the hunger grew within him . 
 sabine had tried to help him by giving him blood , but it had n't been enough . 
 wyatt had taken too much from him during all of those long , desperate draining hours . 
 need more . 
 his fangs burned in his mouth . 
 his gut clenched with a hunger that would n't stop , and he began to wonder ... when he 'd been out , just what had wyatt done ? 
 taken blood , yes , but had the bastard injected him with something ? 
 the hunger was stronger , so much more intense than anything he 'd felt before . 
 and it certainly was n't the first time that an enemy had tried to starve him . 
 but it was the first time that he 'd hungered so completely for the blood of one person . 
 need sabine 's blood . 
 he was salivating , wanting it-her-so badly . 
 he 'd yelled for her . 
 roared . 
 but the jerks in white lab coats had n't come near his cell . 
 he 'd tried to reach thomas 's mind , and he 'd made contact , right before a guard had blasted a bullet into the guy 's head . 
 so much for wyatt 's talk about thomas becoming an experiment . 
 they 'd exterminated him quickly enough . 
 ryder paced back and forth in his cell . 
 rage and hunger built . 
 sabine . 
 he thought of her too much . 
 she was consuming him , just like the hunger . 
 she was - he heard the faint rustle of footsteps . 
 with his teeth clenched , he whirled toward the observation mirror . 
 not watching . 
 no one was in there . 
 ryder stared back at his twisted reflection as a faint odor drifted to him . 
 his nostrils twitched . 
 that scent ... `` fire , '' he rasped . 
 sabine ? 
 his phoenix ? 
 then the footsteps were rushing away . 
 ryder 's wild gaze darted to his door . 
 the chains were gone . 
 he 'd smashed through them . 
 there was a faint click and hiss from outside of his cell . 
 the lock . 
 he lunged forward . 
 and a gun lifted . 
 a woman stood in the doorway . 
 her blue eyes were big and frightened , and her dark hair tumbled around her shoulders . 
 he ignored the gun as his gaze zeroed in on her neck . 
 hunger . 
 `` do n't bite me ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 his gaze jerked back up to her face . 
 a pretty face . 
 pleasing . 
 but ... i want sabine . 
 the woman before him was a means to an end . 
 his ticket out . 
 so he 'd bite , he 'd feed , and she would n't stop him . 
 gun or no gun . 
 `` i 'm here to help you . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 she sounded as if she meant the words , but he was n't buying her line . 
 it was just another one of wyatt 's games . 
 another lie . 
 like the twisted vampire story-primal vampires , his ass . 
 `` so says the woman with the gun aimed at my chest . '' 
 he tried to keep his voice even so she would n't realize just how much fury surged in him . 
 she blinked and made the mistake of glancing away from him as she looked at her gun . 
 `` look , that 's just to - '' he ripped the gun out of her hand and shoved her back . 
 his hand fisted in her hair as he yanked her head to the side . 
 the perfect position for feeding . 
 `` hungry ... '' and he was . 
 starving . 
 but he would n't drain her . 
 his control was there , hanging by a thread . 
 he 'd get power from her blood . 
 enough power to strengthen his body and get out of the pit . 
 `` i 'm ... helping ... '' the woman said , sounding both angry and afraid . 
 `` trying ... to ... help ... '' she could help plenty by giving up her blood . 
 only he hesitated , not able to sink his fangs into her because in his mind , ryder could see sabine . 
 sabine had been so afraid the first time she 'd come into his cell . 
 `` need ... you ... '' the words were n't for the woman in his arms . 
 he could n't bite her , a knowledge that pushed through his rage and hunger . 
 he needed sabine . 
 only sabine . 
 before he could free the woman , hard hands grabbed him and yanked him away from her . 
 his body flew through the air and thudded into the far wall . 
 `` too f ** king bad , '' a big , angry bastard snarled at him . '' 
 'cause i saw her first . '' 
 the man 's dark eyes glittered with fury . 
 and ... fire ? 
 ryder 's attention was caught by those eyes . 
 he 'd only seen that circle of fire once before-in sabine 's eyes . 
 as he watched , the man with the burning eyes turned and offered the woman his hand . 
 huh . 
 the guy must be her protector . 
 except the woman did n't take the offered hand . 
 she glanced over at ryder . 
 `` you have to get out of here , '' the bruiser with the burning eyes said to her . 
 ryder rose . 
 took a step forward . 
 the guy tensed . 
 his gaze cut to ryder . 
 `` touch her again , '' the male snarled , `` and i 'll turn you to dust . '' 
 he 'd like to see the guy try . 
 the woman still had n't taken the fellow 's offered hand . 
 ryder knew now that she was n't working with wyatt . 
 whatever was happening-these two were on their own . 
 the dark-haired guy grabbed the woman 's wrist . 
 he pulled her close . 
 `` come on . '' 
 they turned for the door . 
 but the lady was hesitating . 
 `` there are others . '' 
 her words reminded him of sabine . 
 she 'd cared about the other prisoners , too . 
 `` they 're trapped , '' the woman said , voice shaking , `` and - '' an explosion shook the building , a blast that had cracks racing across the walls and ceilings . 
 ryder tensed , then he heard screams . 
 screams that echoed and reverberated , seemingly calling out from all around him . 
 was sabine screaming ? 
 he had to find her . 
 ryder rushed forward , shoving his way past the bruiser and his woman . 
 this time , no one would stop his escape . 
 i 'm coming for you , sabine . 
 a promise was a promise . 
 more explosions rocked the building and the screams rose . 
 sabine stared up at the light above her . 
 a small light , far too bright . 
 at first , that light had hurt her eyes . 
 in a room of darkness , it had been the only thing she 'd seen . 
 her body was strapped down . 
 no , chained down . 
 chained with a metal that could resist fire . 
 because she 'd burned before . 
 more than once . 
 a whimper slipped from her lips . 
 she knew her name because the voice that sometimes floated in the room-that voice called her sabine . 
 she did n't know where she was . 
 why someone kept hurting her . 
 she just knew the fire . 
 she pulled at the metal bonds . 
 they would n't give . 
 her wrists were raw and bloody and she could n't get free . 
 there had to be more than this for her . 
 why could n't she remember ? 
 she 'd had a life . 
 but it was gone . 
 all she knew now were days and nights of fire and pain . 
 and the urge to destroy . 
 to attack and kill ... those urges grew stronger in her every moment . 
 sabine jerked once more on the bonds . 
 the coppery scent of her blood rose to fill her nose . 
 an image flashed in her mind . 
 a man . 
 blond hair . 
 chiseled features . 
 a faint smile tilting his lips . 
 for some reason , when she saw that image , sabine thought ... he likes blood . 
 she shivered . 
 her skin was cold . 
 they would n't give her clothes . 
 the clothes just burned away . 
 everything burned . 
 sabine heard the crackle of static drift in the air and knew the voice was going to come again . 
 `` this time , '' the voice announced-a female voice . 
 one that was always flat and so cold , clipped with a hard accent - `` this time we 've been instructed to use gas on you . 
 i 've been assured that the process should n't take long at all . '' 
 the process . 
 sabine bit her lips . 
 there was a hiss of sound and the air around her changed . 
 developed an acrid odor . 
 the scent burned her nose . 
 her throat . 
 a tear leaked down her cheek . 
 she held tight to the image of the blond man . 
 it was the only image that had ever come to her . 
 he likes blood . 
 that knowledge should have scared her , but she was long past the point of terror . 
 as she choked and shuddered , sabine just thought ... find me . 
 because somewhere deep inside , an instinctive knowledge told her that man was coming for her . 
 chaos . 
 fire . 
 hell . 
 but ... no sabine . 
 ryder 's hands clenched as he watched genesis burn . 
 he 'd taken blood-plenty of it-from the guards who were fleeing . 
 but the blood tasted wrong to him . 
 sour . 
 sabine . 
 the scream was in his head . 
 she was the one he needed , but he could n't find her . 
 genesis-there was nothing left there . 
 everything would soon be ash . 
 it was the second lab that he needed . 
 wyatt had transferred sabine there . 
 ryder just had to find the place . 
 but the guards he 'd fed on , they had n't known about the second lab 's location . 
 he 'd ripped into their minds-they had n't known . 
 the place was shrouded in secrecy and - the big , dark bruiser from before was back . 
 ryder watched as the guy stalked right through the fire . 
 the woman was in his arms . 
 the woman ... she 'd tried to help me . 
 in his rage before , he had n't thought she was truly there to free him . 
 but she had been . 
 not there to torture and destroy , but to help . 
 so he owed her . 
 for the moment . 
 ryder braced his legs and called out , `` let her go . '' 
 the man 's head snapped up even as his hold on the woman tightened . 
 `` i knew letting you live was a mistake . '' 
 disgust and rage were ripe in the man 's voice . 
 ryder swiped away the blood that dripped down his chin . 
 he 'd gorged too much . 
 so why am i still hungry ? 
 he bared his fangs as he advanced . 
 `` she ... saved me . '' 
 ryder managed to grit out the words . 
 `` i wo n't let you hurt her . '' 
 sabine would n't want the woman hurt . 
 the woman-she kept reminding him of sabine . 
 the guy frowned and gazed down at the woman . 
 she appeared dead to the world , but ryder saw the soft rise and fall of her chest . 
 still alive , just unconscious . 
 unconscious and in the arms of a phoenix who 'd just torched genesis . 
 she was n't exactly in a safe place . 
 then the bruiser looked back up at ryder , and fire burned in the man 's eyes . 
 a fire just like sabine 's . 
 `` i 'm guessing you 're lucky number thirteen , '' ryder murmured . 
 the phoenix glared at ryder and warned , `` you do n't want to tangle with me . '' 
 actually , no , he did n't . 
 he wanted that phoenix to get far away from him , but the woman ... `` she 's human . '' 
 he gave a hard shake of his head . 
 then he lied and said , `` i do n't know what the hell you are , and - '' `` she 's not . '' 
 the words were shouted at him . 
 the guy 's grip on the woman just kept tightening . 
 cain . 
 that was the name wyatt had mentioned for subject thirteen . 
 cain needed to ease up or he might wind up hurting her . 
 and she was n't human ? 
 then what was she ? 
 she 'd certainly smelled human to him . 
 `` does n't matter , '' ryder said as the phoenix advanced on him . 
 `` i wo n't let you hurt her . '' 
 saving the woman had suddenly become too important . 
 why ? 
 because i ca n't save sabine . 
 no , no , he would save her . 
 he was n't giving up on sabine , not yet . 
 cain studied ryder as if he were insane . 
 yes , buddy , i am . 
 do n't push me anymore . 
 then the guy said , `` i was n't the one trying to eat her . '' 
 ah , valid point . 
 but that was okay . 
 ryder had a point of his own to make . 
 `` no , you 're just the one who wants to f ** k her . '' 
 cain 's eyes narrowed to fiery slits . 
 this phoenix seemed to have more power than sabine . 
 wyatt had already said that number thirteen was stronger . 
 with vamps , age brought increased power . 
 was it the same situation for a phoenix ? 
 sabine had n't known what she was . 
 the first death and rising had stunned her . 
 this guy knew the score . 
 he also seemed to be able to control his fire . 
 was n't that intriguing ? 
 before the male could escape with the woman , ryder deliberately stepped into his path . 
 the phoenix sighed and told him , `` if you do n't move , you 're dead . '' 
 like he had n't heard that a time or twenty before . 
 controlling the impulse to roll his eyes , ryder advanced . 
 `` you ca n't - '' fire seemed to surge right out of the guy 's hand . 
 the flames flew at ryder , spinning in a deadly ball . 
 ryder yelled and jumped to the side . 
 the blazing ball missed him , but as he lay on the ground , a whip of fire circled him , caging his body within the crackling flames . 
 then the phoenix told him , `` if you ever come at her again , you 'll feel the full force of my fire . '' 
 there was a deadly promise in the words . 
 `` and you wo n't have time to scream then . 
 you 'll just die . '' 
 ryder stiffened . 
 first up , he had n't screamed . 
 yelled in fury , f ** k yes , but screamed ? 
 no . 
 the very suggestion was insulting . 
 and second , the bastard was just leaving him there . 
 leaving a vampire trapped in his worst nightmare . 
 flames that would n't die . 
 the flames were all she knew . 
 burning bright and hot in red and gold . 
 surrounding her . 
 seeming to come from within her . 
 the fire terrified her . 
 so did the screams that she could hear . 
 or was she the one screaming ? 
 it was so hard to tell for sure . 
 she was supposed to remember someone . 
 something . 
 a man ? 
 the idea was there , whispering beneath the screams , but then she forgot him . 
 forgot her own self . 
 the fire burned and burned and burned . 
 fury cut through her . 
 a killing rage . 
 destroy everything . 
 everyone . 
 she wanted to hurt and punish . 
 but though the fire burned so hot , she could n't move her body . 
 burn , burn , burn . 
 the fire crackled . 
 she started to laugh . 
 soon she could n't tell the difference between that crackle of fire and her laughter . 
 maybe there was no difference . 
 son of a bitch . 
 he had to get out of the flames . 
 more humans would be coming soon . 
 it would be rather hard to ignore the giant blaze for much longer . 
 he could n't wait for the flames to die . 
 ryder sucked in a sharp breath and tasted the smoke . 
 this would hurt , but he 'd survive , provided he moved fast enough . 
 the flames were a thick wall around him , easily eight feet high . 
 the phoenix had planned his trap carefully . 
 it made ryder suspect that the guy had faced off against vampires before . 
 faced off against them , and no doubt killed them with his flames . 
 ryder was n't in the mood to die . 
 pain wo n't stop me . 
 he 'd grown too used to it over the years . 
 it was a companion now . 
 ryder 's muscles tensed , then he ran forward , racing through the fire . 
 the flames burned his pants , the shirt he 'd jerked on before , then the fire raced over his skin . 
 ryder dove for the ground . 
 he rolled , spinning , as he tried to put out the fire that covered him . 
 his clothes were charred , chunks missing , but so what ? 
 he rose , then frowned . 
 there were n't any burns on his body . 
 not even any blisters . 
 the fire had touched his skin . 
 he 'd been sure of it but - ryder lifted his hand . 
 no burn . 
 the flesh of a vampire burned quickly . 
 fire was one of the best weapons against a vampire . 
 only he had n't burned . 
 maybe the fire just had n't been able to touch him because he 'd moved so fast . 
 no , i felt the heat on my skin . 
 brows rising , ryder walked back toward the circle of fire . 
 his jaw tightened , and he shoved his hand right into the flames . 
 the fire instantly surrounded his fist . 
 he waited , counting ... one , two , three , four , five . 
 ryder yanked his hand back . 
 no burns . 
 no blisters . 
 no marks at all . 
 in disbelief , he stared at his unmarred fingers . 
 sabine . 
 just what had his lovely phoenix done to him ? 
 when the flames finally died away , she found herself strapped to a hard , metal table . 
 no , not strapped . 
 she twisted her head . 
 the bindings holding her down were made of metal , too . 
 her body was naked . 
 she felt both hot , a churning from inside of her , and ice-cold , a chill that came from outside of her body . 
 goose bumps covered her arms . 
 static crackled . 
 the sound made her head ache . 
 her gaze flew up-far , far up . 
 at least twenty feet above her head , she saw a big , bright light . 
 just that light . 
 `` the fire lasted much longer that time , sabine , '' a cool , calm voice told her . 
 `` you must be getting stronger . '' 
 sabine ? 
 who the hell was sabine ? 
 `` rest for a while . 
 there have been some ... developments . '' 
 the voice seemed to echo in the room . 
 `` we may even have a job for you soon . '' 
 why had they restrained her ? 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 a sigh slipped into the room . 
 not her sigh . 
 a sigh that came from the voice . 
 she 's female , just like me . 
 `` you always have the same questions , sabine . '' 
 now there was a hint of annoyance in the voice . 
 impatience . 
 `` rest . '' 
 an order . 
 `` the next test will be different . '' 
 a test ? 
 `` we 'll find out if you truly are getting stronger with each rising . 
 the fittest will survive . '' 
 the fittest what ? 
 but the static crackled again . 
 then ... silence . 
 `` h-hello ? '' 
 she cried out . 
 no answer . 
 she twisted beneath her bonds . 
 pulled and yanked . 
 her left wrist cut open when the metal tore into it . 
 the scent of blood teased her nose . 
 he likes the blood . 
 she stilled . 
 and remembered . 
 i am sabine . 
 she thought of the cold woman 's voice . 
 of hell and pain . 
 i am sabine . 
 she stared up at the light . 
 remembered screams and death . 
 a nightmare that would n't end . 
 and that voice ... that cold voice . 
 you will die . 
 a promise . 
 because her beast was out of the cage , and there would be no going back . 
 time passed . 
 the bonds holding her eventually were removed-the woman 's voice told her that they were programmed to release once her body reached a certain core temperature . 
 food was brought to her . 
 pushed through a narrow opening at the bottom of her door . 
 she ate . 
 barely tasted the bland meal . 
 she paced her room . 
 walked the small confines again and again . 
 they 'd given her clothes , jeans and a t-shirt and even tennis shoes . 
 maybe they were trying to make her feel normal now . 
 only she was n't normal . 
 the man 's image would whisper through her thoughts every now and then , but she never let her expression alter . 
 they thought her memories were gone . 
 you thought wrong . 
 because when she 'd come back after her last death , her memories had returned completely . 
 she heard footsteps approaching her cell . 
 after her deaths , her senses had sharpened , too . 
 she could catch the faintest of smells and hear the softest of whispers . 
 you do n't know what i 'll do to you . 
 she did n't let her smile break free . 
 sabine stilled and waited . 
 the door opened . 
 sabine did n't rush for the door . 
 she did n't do anything . 
 they thought they 'd trained her . 
 broken her . 
 they were wrong . 
 a woman walked inside . 
 a woman with sleek red hair that was twisted up on her head . 
 she wore a lab coat , carried a clipboard , looked perfect and pretty . 
 but she was rotten inside . 
 sabine could smell that , too . 
 guards flanked the woman , and , big surprise , they had guns trained on sabine . 
 `` i-it 's time for a test . '' 
 the woman 's voice trembled . 
 it had never trembled before . 
 sabine lifted a brow . 
 are you afraid to be in here with me ? 
 you should be . 
 the woman-she smelled of antiseptic , blood , and fear-locked her gaze on sabine . 
 `` i can give you freedom . '' 
 her words were not what sabine had expected . 
 `` there 's a monster out there . 
 a dangerous , vicious beast . 
 he has to be stopped . '' 
 sabine was already looking at a dangerous , vicious beast . 
 just one that wore the skin of a human . 
 `` he 's like you , '' the lady told her . 
 then her jaw dropped as she seemed to realize what she 'd said . 
 'cause , yes , calling me a dangerous , vicious beast will make me want to help you . 
 `` why are n't you talking ? '' 
 the woman demanded . 
 she seemed unnerved by sabine 's stare . 
 good . 
 the redhead 's brows shot up . 
 `` can you talk ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she just did n't want to waste words on the bitch . 
 the redhead sighed , as if in relief . 
 `` our facility has been breached . '' 
 was that why the lady was sweating ? 
 he 's coming for me . 
 the thought had sabine 's heart squeezing . 
 ryder had given her a promise . 
 freedom was close . 
 close enough to taste . 
 `` we know our director will be targeted for assassination . '' 
 the woman 's fingertips had whitened around her clipboard . 
 their director ? 
 ah yes , must be that dick , wyatt . 
 he 'd come to see her a few times . 
 come to gauge the success of his precious `` research . '' 
 the redhead 's eyes narrowed on sabine . 
 `` we want you to stop his attacker . '' 
 seriously ? 
 the bitch was crazy . 
 sabine was n't going to stop him . 
 she 'd applaud the guy . 
 give him a freaking standing ovation . 
 as the silence stretched , the redhead finally seemed to realize that fact . 
 uh , hello ? 
 i 'm the captive that you 've been torturing and killing for days . 
 why , oh why , would i ever help you ? 
 `` you remembered this time , did n't you ? '' 
 the woman asked as she eased back a step . 
 `` wyatt said that could happen . 
 that sometimes you 'd rise with your memory there . 
 it just had n't happened before , so i thought ... '' her voice trailed away . 
 sabine just kept staring at her . 
 the woman cleared her throat . 
 `` actually , that might make things easier , '' the redhead murmured , but she still made a point of getting closer to the guards . 
 the woman slanted a quick glance at the guard on her right . 
 `` we still have the tail on her brother , right ? '' 
 my brother . 
 sabine fought to control her expression . 
 they were looking for a weakness . 
 she would n't give genesis one . 
 but the crazy bitch was still talking . 
 `` make sure our watcher knows that if sabine does n't complete this task , a bullet should be put in rhett 's head . '' 
 fire burned in her gut . 
 heating and churning and boiling as fury and fear clawed at her . 
 `` now that got your attention , did n't it ? '' 
 the woman said , sounding satisfied . 
 `` i saw the flash of fire in your eyes . '' 
 `` i 'll give you a flash of fire , '' sabine promised , knotting her hands into fists . 
 the woman jumped back a good two feet . 
 her shoulders brushed the cell door . 
 the guards lifted their weapons . 
 sabine had been playing with fire lately . 
 conjuring it from nothing . 
 letting balls of flame roll in her hands . 
 the practice helped to pass the time . 
 now , deliberately , she let the fire rise from her palm . 
 the ball hovered over her hand . 
 `` look what little trick i learned . '' 
 though they already knew this . 
 they 'd been watching her through their cameras and their two-way mirrors . 
 `` do you want your brother to die ? '' 
 sabine forced a shrug . 
 `` maybe he 'll just come back . '' 
 she even managed a smile . 
 `` like me . '' 
 one perfectly arched red eyebrow rose . 
 `` since you were adopted and he is n't your blood brother , i find that highly doubtful . '' 
 she gave sabine a wide smile . 
 `` but let 's go see . '' 
 she turned to face the door . 
 `` no ! '' 
 the word broke from sabine , and the redhead looked back , all cheshire-cat satisfied . 
 damn her . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 sabine demanded . 
 `` i 'm a person . 
 i have rights ! '' 
 `` you 're a weapon . 
 and you 're about to be used . '' 
 very , very cold bitch . 
 `` your target is a man named cain o'connor . 
 he 'll most likely be with a woman-eve bradley . '' 
 the redhead held up her clipboard . 
 there was a manila file on that board . 
 the lady pulled it free , then tossed the file near sabine 's feet . 
 `` you can find their pictures in here . 
 look at them . 
 memorize them , then go and find those two . '' 
 sabine did n't look down at the file . 
 `` and if i do , you 'll let my brother go ? '' 
 the redhead nodded . 
 sabine heard the shrill cry of an alarm . 
 the woman was right-it sounded like the second genesis facility had been breached . 
 `` kill o'connor . 
 leave the woman alive . '' 
 sabine rolled her shoulders . 
 `` then you leave me and my family alone ? '' 
 not that sabine could trust her but ... `` i give you my word . '' 
 what choice did she have ? 
 sabine let her fire die . 
 wisps of smoke floated above her hand . 
 slowly , she walked toward the woman . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the redhead with the upper-crust new york accent , one that spoke of old money , had never told sabine her name . 
 `` does n't matter . '' 
 the redhead licked her lips . 
 her body had tensed at the alarm 's cry . 
 to sabine , the woman 's identity mattered very much . 
 a scientist , a doctor , a sadistic torturer . 
 she was going to track this woman . 
 sabine stared at her a moment longer , then she bent to pick up the file . 
 she opened it , and her gaze fell to the photos inside . 
 the male-cain o'connor-had gold skin , dark eyes , and hair that was almost black . 
 he stared back up at her with an undeniable fury . 
 yes , she could relate to that particular rage . 
 the woman 's picture showed sparkling blue eyes . 
 smooth skin . 
 dark hair . 
 she was wearing a lab coat , just like the one the redhead had on . 
 was genesis killing its own now ? 
 hardly surprising . 
 the alarm seemed to shriek even louder . 
 `` he 'll be going for wyatt 's office . 
 you 'll find him on the third floor . '' 
 the redhead was backing out of the room . 
 the guards were starting to sweat now , too . 
 there was fear in all of their eyes . 
 sabine could hear screams coming from a distance . 
 screams . 
 yells . 
 growls ? 
 `` if wyatt dies , if you do n't stop o'connor ... '' the redhead stopped and glared at sabine . 
 `` i 'll know , and i 'll make sure that a bullet finds its way into your brother 's head . '' 
 then she was gone , running away with her guards flanking her sides . 
 sabine 's cell door was left wide open . 
 the alarm continued to shriek . 
 she looked down at the pictures once more . 
 was this what she 'd become ? 
 a killer for genesis ? 
 she 'd had a normal life once . 
 she 'd been a photographer . 
 she 'd taken so many pictures , mostly all in her beautiful new orleans . 
 she 'd shown her work at galleries . 
 set up a website and even been able to make a fairly decent living doing what she loved . 
 she had n't gotten rich , but she 'd gotten by . 
 she 'd had a home . 
 friends . 
 family . 
 rhett . 
 no , rhett was n't her blood brother . 
 but what did blood matter ? 
 when she 'd broken her leg at six , he 'd been there , holding her hand , talking to her , until the cast was set . 
 when she had n't made cheerleader at thirteen , he 'd been there . 
 telling her that she was better off . 
 that she was too good for the team and that the cheer captain had just been jealous of her skills . 
 he 'd been wrong , of course . 
 she had n't made the team because she straight-up sucked and because , during the routine , she 'd accidentally punched the captain , kristi martin , in the face . 
 at sixteen , he 'd been there for her again . 
 when her boyfriend had gotten drunk and a little too handsy-not respecting her first-base rule-rhett had , well , he 'd kicked johnny 's ass . 
 he 'd always been there for her . 
 i 'll make sure a bullet finds its way into your brother 's head . 
 sabine 's breath whispered out . 
 she knew that she would do whatever was necessary in order to protect rhett . 
 even if it meant letting her monster take control . 
 even if it meant killing . 
 chapter eight fucking chaos . 
 that was all he saw . 
 chaos . 
 screams and growls filled the air as ryder fought his way through the second genesis facility . 
 locating this place had been a real bitch , but he had n't given up . 
 sure , he 'd betrayed some people . 
 killed others during his hunt for information . 
 my hunt for sabine . 
 but he 'd gotten there . 
 he 'd found wyatt 's hiding spot , and sabine had to be there . 
 he 'd make wyatt reveal her location because ryder was not leaving without her . 
 from now on , ryder planned to keep sabine at his side . 
 need her . 
 the hunger that he felt for her had only grown since he 'd escaped from his prison at genesis . 
 something was wrong with him . 
 he was certain of it . 
 wyatt had done something to him . 
 ryder had taken the blood of others since first biting sabine-drained plenty of 'em - but no matter how much blood he took , it did n't satisfy him . 
 there was always a hunger inside of him . 
 a craving for her . 
 he rushed down the hallway , stopping outside the door he knew would lead to wyatt 's office . 
 he could smell the bastard inside . 
 ryder also knew that a trap waited for him behind that door-i can smell your guards , too , wyatt-but he did n't care . 
 they were all about to see just how strong he was . 
 but ryder did n't kick his way inside the room . 
 why waste the energy on a fancy entrance ? 
 he opened the door quietly , slowly . 
 he 'd take his time and see just what wyatt had planned . 
 the floor creaked beneath his feet as he entered the room . 
 wyatt had his back to him . 
 the guy was leaning over his desk . 
 oh , but it would feel good to rip open the jerk 's throat . 
 wyatt leaned forward a bit more and his hand slid under the edge of the desk . 
 in the next second , the door to the office slid closed , sealing them inside . 
 then wyatt spun toward him . 
 the guy had some kind of gas mask on , and wyatt sneered , `` your mistake , phoenix - '' ryder rushed toward him . 
 i 'm not a phoenix , ass ** le . 
 and you 're dead . 
 shock widened wyatt 's eyes . 
 `` wh-what - '' gas drifted from the small vents in the ceiling . 
 ryder glanced up at that smoky gas . 
 right , that would explain the mask . 
 since wyatt had obviously been expecting someone else to come busting through his office door , the guy had set the wrong trap . 
 the gas did n't have any effect on ryder . 
 that horrifying knowledge was bright in wyatt 's gaze . 
 before ryder could grab wyatt and sink his fangs into the jerk 's flesh , a narrow door to the right slid open . 
 five guards rushed out , their weapons clutched tightly . 
 they also wore the masks , as if that would keep them safe . 
 ryder snarled and attacked . 
 the fury that had built and built for days within him erupted . 
 fangs and claws slashed . 
 the guards were n't going to stop him . 
 the guards-some that he recognized from his time at genesis-weren ' t ever putting him back in a cage again . 
 they were n't going to hurt anyone else again . 
 their bodies slammed into the floor . 
 their blood covered him . 
 the hissing of the gas continued . 
 wyatt was clutching his mask , looking as if fear had frozen him . 
 ryder locked his gaze on the bastard , and taking one slow step at a time , he closed in on the guy . 
 no escape . 
 this reckoning was long overdue . 
 `` you have something of mine , wyatt , '' he said , snapping his teeth together , `` and i want her back . '' 
 wyatt tried to punch at him . 
 like that was impressive . 
 ryder punched back , hard enough to send the mask flying off wyatt 's head . 
 then ryder put his claws on wyatt 's face . 
 `` where . 
 is . 
 she . '' 
 wyatt started to laugh then . 
 `` addicted , are n't you ? '' 
 ryder sliced the skin on wyatt 's left cheek . 
 the laughter did n't stop . 
 so he sliced open the doctor 's right cheek . 
 matching wounds . 
 the blood flowed and wyatt tried to fight him again . 
 fool . 
 `` i can kill you quickly , '' ryder said , `` or i can do it slowly . 
 either way , you are n't getting out of this room . '' 
 actually , he 'd already planned for the slow death , but why tell wyatt that ? 
 wyatt 's face was red , mottled . 
 and when he lifted his hand to swing at ryder , the move was slow , uncoordinated . 
 ah , the gas was kicking in . 
 `` wo n't ... kill ... '' wyatt muttered . 
 `` hell , yes , i will , '' ryder snapped right back . 
 he 'd take extreme pleasure in gutting the guy . 
 but wyatt shook his head . 
 `` the gas ... wo n't ... kill ... me ... just ... sleep ... '' was n't that f ** king fabulous to know . 
 `` where is sabine . '' 
 not a question . 
 a snarled command . 
 `` dead , '' wyatt whispered , his voice hoarse . 
 `` dead ... over and over ... dead . '' 
 ryder sank his teeth into wyatt 's throat . 
 why waste any more time ? 
 he 'd take his blood and make the bastard lead him to sabine . 
 the instant that wyatt 's blood slid onto his tongue , ryder knew something was wrong . 
 his body began to shudder , no , to spasm . 
 he could n't control the spasms . 
 could n't stop them . 
 ryder tossed wyatt across the room . 
 wyatt slammed into a window , breaking the glass with his head , and the guy sucked in deep gasps of breath . 
 fresh air that came through the broken window . 
 ryder spat out the man 's blood . 
 it did n't help . 
 his body continued to spasm and he fell to the floor . 
 what the hell ? 
 `` told you ... before ... '' wyatt gasped , `` i 'm ... poison . '' 
 wyatt rolled over to face him . 
 `` the others ... the en-enhanced ones could ... smell the poison . 
 knew to ... stay away . '' 
 fuck . 
 the story the guy had spun about the primal vamps was true . 
 but then , deep down , ryder had suspected it was . 
 i 'd just hoped like hell that it was bs . 
 ryder 's hands flattened on the floor . 
 it felt like his insides were ripping open , but at least the spasms had stopped . 
 `` and that 's what ... h-happens ... with just a few ... drops ... '' ryder lifted his head . 
 found wyatt smiling . 
 `` guess what would ... happen , '' wyatt said , `` if you took ... more ? '' 
 using every bit of energy he could drag up , ryder pushed to his feet . 
 `` i do n't have to use my '' - hell , he hurt - `` fangs to kill you . 
 i can do it with my bare hands . '' 
 and he would . 
 each step was brutal , but ryder made his way across the room . 
 he grabbed wyatt and yanked the bastard up toward him . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 `` want ... her , do you ? '' 
 satisfaction rolled in the words . 
 the mad scientist , pleased with the results of his experiments . 
 `` what did you do to me ? '' 
 the question burst from him . 
 his claws slashed into wyatt . 
 `` why do i need her so much ? '' 
 so much that when he closed his eyes , he saw her . 
 he could n't escape from his need . 
 not in dreams . 
 not in blood . 
 there was no place that she did n't reach . 
 that she did n't haunt . 
 `` i did ... nothing ... '' bullshit . 
 `` the beast ... did it all . 
 you do n't know what you are ... '' wyatt 's voice rose in pain when ryder drove his claws into the guy 's side . 
 `` i ... do . 
 the first . '' 
 `` i 'm gon na be the first one to send you to hell , that 's for sure ! '' 
 `` she 's your match . 
 without her ... you 'll ... insane ... '' what ? 
 he 'd go insane ? 
 now it was ryder 's turn to laugh . 
 `` i 'm already there . '' 
 the pain in his gut had lessened , but he was n't about to make the mistake of letting wyatt 's blood anywhere near his fangs again . 
 `` so tell me where to find her or you 're about to see just how it feels to have your skin peeled away . '' 
 then ryder heard a scream . 
 long and high . 
 and he smelled smoke . 
 `` you do n't have to find her . '' 
 wyatt 's head sagged . 
 `` she 's coming . 
 vivian and i-we set her after the other ... phoenix . 
 got to see ... which stronger ... '' `` always experimenting , are n't you , bastard ? '' 
 ryder put his hand over wyatt 's chest . 
 without his heart , he 'd like to see how the guy kept living . 
 `` you wo n't experiment anymore . '' 
 wyatt 's lashes lifted . 
 his body stiffened , and suddenly , he did n't look nearly so weak . 
 wyatt shoved ryder back . 
 `` if you kill me , you wo n't find out which of your own damn vampire group sold you out to me . '' 
 no , definitely not so weak . 
 had he ever been weak ? 
 had the jerk just played him ? 
 ryder 's body tensed . 
 `` do you think it was just chance that you were taken ? 
 you ? 
 when there are so many vampires out there ? '' 
 wyatt 's voice mocked him . 
 no more weakness . 
 no more stutters . 
 the guy was a damn good actor . 
 he 'd just been delaying ... until what ? 
 until he smelled the smoke . 
 `` your own kind sold you out . 
 some did n't want to be monsters . 
 some wanted a cure . '' 
 `` a cure you promised them ? '' 
 `` a cure i was close to finding . '' 
 wyatt 's hands fisted . 
 `` so close ... until cain o'connor brought down genesis . 
 the phoenix burned my facility to the ground . 
 he destroyed all of my research ! '' 
 `` yeah , cry me a f ** king river . 
 i 'm betting you had plenty of backup research to keep you busy . 
 hell , all you did was retreat to this facility . '' 
 enough talk . 
 time for the kill . 
 he lifted his claws . 
 `` they 're out ! '' 
 the fast words did n't give him any pause . 
 ryder shoved his claws into wyatt 's chest . 
 wyatt groaned . 
 `` the vampires ... the primals ... most of them are dead , but some got out . 
 they are n't contained any longer . '' 
 the hell they were . 
 he was n't about to believe another lie . 
 `` i was trying to ... fix them . '' 
 ryder 's claws jerked back . 
 wyatt 's body swayed . 
 but the doc kept talking . 
 `` you were the first . 
 your blood was ... pure . 
 i thought the pure blood would ... fix what was broken . '' 
 `` did it ? '' 
 not that he was buying this but ... wyatt 's gaze held his . 
 blood streamed from his wounds . 
 somehow , the guy was still on his feet . 
 were his wounds healing ? 
 maybe . 
 `` i gave it ... just to three of them , '' wyatt muttered . 
 `` needed a ... test pool . 
 they grew stronger and more ... savage . '' 
 not what he 'd been hoping to hear . 
 `` primals have ... a strong psychic sense . 
 they pick up emotions ... needs ... your blood tied them to you . '' 
 was n't that grand ? 
 `` you want her blood ... they feel what you feel ... they want her . '' 
 this shit just got better and better . 
 `` then they 're dead . '' 
 simple . 
 because no one else would take sabine . 
 he was there to protect her . 
 to claim her . 
 `` like me , they 're ... not so easy to kill . '' 
 wyatt looked down at his chest . 
 ryder knew his claws had sunk past flesh and bone . 
 but wyatt was still on his feet . 
 still talking . 
 `` my blood ... it will keep them away . 
 it can hurt them . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i 'm betting i can hurt them , too . '' 
 wyatt shook his head . 
 `` not if they get to your ... phoenix first . '' 
 they would n't . 
 wyatt 's hand flew up and locked around ryder 's wrist . 
 `` i wish you could kill me . '' 
 the words were growled with a dark intensity . 
 his eyes glittered . 
 `` i did n't want to be this way . 
 i was a kid ... i begged him not to change me , but he said i had to be stronger . '' 
 what the hell ? 
 `` stopping my heart wo n't stop me ... you 'll have to try harder . '' 
 wyatt 's hand tightened on him . 
 no , he was lifting ryder 's hand , and trying to shove ryder 's claws back into his chest . 
 `` i 've tried , too ... i wanted a cure . 
 i wanted to be free . '' 
 the doctor was breaking apart right before his eyes . 
 `` the urges come to me . 
 i ca n't control them . 
 i ... hurt people . 
 not just the subjects . 
 humans . '' 
 ryder yanked his hand out of the guy 's grip and stepped back . 
 `` then i guess you 're as much of a monster as me . '' 
 `` no , i 'm more . '' 
 desperate . 
 wild . 
 `` and i am what he made me . '' 
 `` he ? '' 
 wyatt was n't going down from his wounds . 
 whatever this guy was ... he had a whole lot of strength and healing power . 
 `` my father . '' 
 wyatt 's smile was cold and evil and sad . 
 `` he liked to ... experiment , too . '' 
 son of a bitch . 
 ryder heard the thunder of footsteps in the hallway . 
 more company , coming for them . 
 only the company heading their way ... that company carried the scent of fire . 
 not my phoenix . 
 he 'd never forget sabine 's scent . 
 flowers , sin , woman . 
 but he also recognized this scent ... it belonged to the male phoenix he 'd met at the first genesis facility . 
 subject thirteen . 
 cain . 
 like ryder , cain wanted to get his pound of flesh from wyatt . 
 they all wanted vengeance . 
 every test subject wyatt had tortured-we all want our payback . 
 `` if you want death , then i think i can deliver it . '' 
 ryder stared into wyatt 's eyes , searching for truth . 
 did the bastard really want out of this world ? 
 was that just another trick ? 
 wyatt 's lashes flickered . 
 ryder caught the scent of fear . 
 he backed away from the doctor . 
 the scent of fear lessened . 
 ah , wyatt thought he was safe . 
 no , he was bait . 
 `` cain is coming for you . '' 
 he 'd follow the odor of wyatt 's blood . 
 he 'd find the bastard , and cain would use those flames to send the guy to hell . 
 and if cain came into the room , then ... sabine will follow right behind him . 
 wyatt had told him that sabine was coming . 
 the guy was working another experiment . 
 seeing which phoenix was stronger . 
 cain was in the hallway . 
 sabine would be on her way after him . 
 it was just a matter of waiting for her . 
 `` i hope you enjoy the fire , '' ryder muttered as he turned away . 
 he did n't need to see the bastard die . 
 he just needed the job to be done . 
 `` it 's not blood that ... was the cure . '' 
 wyatt 's voice stopped him . 
 `` it 's sabine . 
 her tears . 
 a phoenix 's tears ... found out ... really heal ... '' ryder did n't look back . 
 why stare at a dead man ? 
 he slipped out of the room and got ready to wait . 
 hurry , sabine , i need you . 
 the cages were open . 
 the beasts out . 
 sabine saw death all around her . 
 guards fighting . 
 dying . 
 beings with claws and fangs attacking . 
 she tried to jump away from them . 
 she did n't want to fight . 
 there was only one man that she had to find . 
 `` bitch , you 're one of them ! '' 
 hard hands grabbed her . 
 she looked up into the wild eyes of a man-no , not a man . 
 he had fangs and claws-claws that were cutting into her hips . 
 the light glinted off the vampire 's bald head . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 sabine cried out . 
 she 'd put on a white lab coat . 
 thinking it would let her slip by the guards , just like last time . 
 only now , the lab coat marked her for death because it was n't the guards that she had to worry about . 
 she needed to fear her fellow prisoners . 
 `` i 'll make you beg ! '' 
 his claws dug deeper , and she gasped . 
 she 'd had enough pain . 
 too much . 
 her hands curled around his wrists . 
 `` no , you wo n't . '' 
 then she let her fire out . 
 his hands heated beneath her touch . 
 burned . 
 the man jumped back , screaming . 
 he did n't attack again . 
 he was too busy trying to put out the fire that licked at his skin . 
 sabine yanked off the coat . 
 blood had already appeared in thick patches on the white material . 
 she tossed the coat aside . 
 kept hunting . 
 the woman had told her to go to the third floor . 
 others were fleeing , rushing for freedom . 
 instead of running out with them , she continued going up . 
 another stairwell . 
 more attackers . 
 she kept her fire ready . 
 when they saw it , everyone stayed the hell back . 
 then she was reaching for the door that would lead her to the third floor . 
 the scent of death and blood was so strong there and - she screamed when she was grabbed from behind . 
 grabbed , and then shoved up against the nearest wall . 
 the vampire she 'd burned-he 'd tracked her . 
 there 'd been so much blood in the air that she had n't smelled him , so many other thudding footsteps that she had n't heard him . 
 before she could scream again , he sank his teeth into her shoulder and tore into the flesh . 
 her hands were between them . 
 the fire burned from her fingertips , and sabine shoved a ball of flames right into his chest . 
 he fell back , tumbling down the stairs , and the fire consumed him . 
 do n't think . 
 do n't feel . 
 but it was the first time that she 'd ever killed anyone . 
 bile rose in her throat . 
 this is what i 've become . 
 sabine swallowed . 
 pressed a quick hand to her bleeding wound . 
 her first kill , but not her last . 
 she still had a job to do . 
 her target . 
 sabine turned around and with shaking , now bloody hands , she shoved open the metal door that led out of the stairwell . 
 find the target . 
 kill him . 
 as she headed down the hallway-one already reeking of blood and death-a tall , dark-haired male rushed from one of the offices . 
 his face was locked in tense lines of fury , and she recognized him instantly from his photo , even before she saw the flames in his eyes . 
 cain o'connor . 
 he 's the one like me . 
 another phoenix . 
 another who could die and rise and kill with fire . 
 he was the one she was supposed to destroy . 
 she was n't even sure how that was really supposed to work . 
 could the fire of one phoenix kill another ? 
 because if it could n't , sabine was figuring that she would be pretty well screwed . 
 body tensing , sabine let her fire out . 
 not just a little ball this time . 
 she wanted to be safe . 
 a circle of flames wrapped around her as the power of the beast that lurked inside began to push past her control . 
 through the flames , her gaze met o'connor 's . 
 on a sigh , she said , `` i 'm supposed to kill you . '' 
 what if her flames did n't work against another phoenix ? 
 how would she take him out then ? 
 how would she protect her brother ? 
 but he shook his head . 
 his hair , a little too long , brushed over his shoulders . 
 `` i 'm not here to hurt you . '' 
 laughter broke from her . 
 `` of course you are . 
 they 're all here to do that . 
 to kill me , again and again . '' 
 her chin lifted . 
 she could do this . 
 she had to do this . 
 `` only i 'm tired of dying . 
 maybe it 's your turn now . '' 
 his chance to face the fires of hell . 
 sabine lifted her hand and sent a line of flames racing toward him . 
 but the guy gave a little wave of his hand and her charging fire just ... stopped . 
 her lips parted . 
 he 's stronger than i am . 
 no strain showed on his face at all , and smoke just drifted lightly in the air . 
 her stomach knotted . 
 the fear that twisted in her gut was n't for herself . 
 i 'm sorry , rhett . 
 cain held her gaze . 
 `` you 're not the only one who 's tired of dying , '' he said , his voice deep and rumbling . 
 her lips trembled . 
 the fire was all she had . 
 but maybe ... i can find another weapon . 
 there were dead guards in the stairwell . 
 they had guns . 
 she 'd get one of them . 
 a gun , a knife , something . 
 if the fire would n't work against him , then she 'd just find a weapon that would . 
 sabine turned and ran back for the stairs . 
 as she fled , more screams seemed to shake the walls of the facility . 
 all of the beasts were out . 
 the guards could n't control them . 
 could n't stop them . 
 this place would be destroyed around her . 
 she had to move fast . 
 her hand reached for the door , but then she was grabbed again-another prisoner ? 
 - and jerked against a hard , male body . 
 she screamed and twisted and managed to break free . 
 she spun , tossed out her flames - and saw ryder 's face . 
 the face that had slid into her mind so many times . 
 the face that had helped her to stay sane . 
 her only constant . 
 her only hope in a world on fire . 
 her eyes widened . 
 he 'd come back for her . 
 he 'd kept his promise . 
 `` ry - '' a roar shook the hallway . 
 the fierce , bellowing roar of a beast . 
 ryder tried to pull her away with him , but the stairwell door burst open and hit sabine , tossing her back . 
 then a man was there , blocking her path . 
 with just one look , she knew that something was very , very wrong with the guy before her . 
 there was a wild , stark fury in his eyes . 
 his muscles bulged , far too big and heavy , and giant claws ripped from his hands . 
 those claws-they were coming at her . 
 she 'd heard about wolf shifters , tales of werewolves who walked the streets . 
 when the supernaturals had come out into the open , the wolf stories had started flying . 
 but from all that she 'd heard and seen before , werewolves were n't supposed to look like this . 
 she tried to scramble back , but ryder was there , jumping to protect her . 
 to shield her . 
 then the man 's claws-is he a werewolf ? 
 what else could he be ? 
 - slashed across ryder 's throat . 
 her vampire fell to his knees even as sabine screamed . 
 but the werewolf was already facing off against new prey . 
 he 'd turned his focus to the male phoenix , and he was rushing forward in an attack . 
 sabine grabbed for ryder and gasped when she saw the damage . 
 the bastard had almost cut ryder 's head from his body . 
 not just a slash ... not just ... carefully , so carefully , she cradled his body . 
 `` you are n't leaving me now , '' she told him . 
 `` you ca n't . 
 please , ryder , i need you . '' 
 without him , she was lost in this paranormal world . 
 he was her only confidant . 
 the fierce monster who 'd vowed to give her freedom . 
 but he was more than a monster . 
 so am i. bending over him , sabine put her throat against his mouth . 
 `` drink from me . '' 
 what if he was too far gone ? 
 do n't leave me . 
 do n't . 
 he - he was drinking . 
 his teeth had punctured her flesh . 
 sabine 's eyes fell closed . 
 her vampire was strong . 
 far too strong to ever give up so easily . 
 tears pricked at her eyes . 
 the tears slid down her cheek . 
 fell on ryder . 
 the tears were n't from pain . 
 i 'm not alone . 
 ryder will stay with me . 
 he shuddered beneath her and continued to drink . 
 her eyes opened and she stared at the scene in the hallway . 
 she wanted that wolf creature dead . 
 he might wear the body of a man , but she 'd seen into his eyes . 
 only a beast had stared back at her . 
 if cain did n't kill that monster , she would . 
 ryder 's lips brushed over her neck . 
 `` missed ... you . '' 
 he pushed against her . 
 she pulled away and stared down at him in surprise . 
 his neck-how had it healed so quickly ? 
 even with her blood , that level of healing was amazing . 
 impossible . 
 his gaze narrowed as he stared up at her . 
 `` did you ... cry for me ? '' 
 she felt the wet tracks on her cheeks . 
 sabine nodded . 
 in her twisted new world , he was her only constant . 
 the idea of losing him had terrified her . 
 it still terrified her . 
 she needed to know that ryder would be there for her . 
 his hand tightened around her wrist . 
 `` do n't ever cry for me again . 
 do n't ever f ** king cry for anyone . '' 
 his words hurt . 
 she 'd helped him . 
 why was he so angry with her ? 
 then the werewolf in the hallway growled again . 
 ryder 's head jerked as he glanced at the battle in progress . 
 the werewolf was leaping forward to attack . 
 ryder tore away from sabine . 
 he rushed down that hallway and grabbed the guy 's feet , sending the attacker falling face-first onto the floor . 
 the guy turned with a snarl , his features tight , animalistic , as he prepared , no doubt , to go for ryder 's throat again . 
 sabine raised her hand and sent a blast of fire out from her fingertips . 
 the fire came to her so much easier now . 
 as if it were always waiting , just beneath her skin . 
 ryder leapt back , avoiding the blast of those flames . 
 the fire circled the now howling werewolf , closing in on him . 
 the guy swiped out with his claws , then whimpered when the fire bit into him . 
 he would soon be doing more than just whimpering . 
 sabine focused on her flames and prepared to tighten the net . 
 `` no ! '' 
 a woman shouted as she rushed from an open door . 
 the same office that cain had exited . 
 the woman was slender , with long , dark hair , too pale skin , and desperate eyes . 
 the woman from the photo . 
 eve bradley . 
 i 'm supposed to let her live . 
 the woman 's eyes were on cain o'connor . 
 `` you ca n't do this to him ! '' 
 cain grabbed her arm . 
 `` it 's not my fire , '' he said . 
 no , it was n't . 
 the flames are all mine . 
 sabine slowly walked around the beast and stalked toward ryder . 
 he was close to the other phoenix , too close for her peace of mind . 
 so she headed for them , and , within her circle of fire , the man 's head jerked up . 
 he snarled-a true animal cry-and just ... charged at the fire . 
 fine , if you want to die , then be my guest . 
 but the werewolf leapt right over the flames . 
 flames that had to be at least six feet high . 
 he jumped right over them . 
 `` get out of the way ! '' 
 ryder yelled at her . 
 sabine realized she 'd made a mistake . 
 she 'd tried to move closer in order to protect ryder , but she 'd just put herself right in the path of the beast-man . 
 maybe she could send her fire - claws sliced into her stomach . 
 deep . 
 brutal . 
 she fell , slamming into the floor and feeling the wet warmth of her blood soak the tile beneath her . 
 for a moment , the entire world seemed to stop . 
 or maybe that was just her heart . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 ryder rolled her over . 
 this time , he was the one who gasped . 
 she did n't need to see the damage to know that her wound was fatal . 
 she could already feel death coming for her . 
 after dying so many times , she recognized death 's touch . 
 recognized it and hated it . 
 her lips trembled . 
 sabine shook her head . 
 `` do n't ... want to die again . '' 
 it hurt too much . 
 when she came back , what then ? 
 would she be lost once more ? 
 would she wake with no memory ? 
 knowing only the taste of fire on her tongue ? 
 she did n't want to be lost again . 
 she did n't want to be dead . 
 i do n't want to be a monster . 
 `` help ... me , '' sabine whispered . 
 ryder pulled her into his arms . 
 her blood soaked him , too . 
 `` i will . 
 i swear , i will . '' 
 her gaze slid to the left . 
 there was fire . 
 shattering glass . 
 the werewolf had just jumped through a window . 
 good . 
 she hoped he broke his neck when he fell . 
 if he did n't ... `` kill him , '' sabine whispered . 
 ryder pulled her tighter against him . 
 `` we can stop the blood . 
 you 'll be fine . '' 
 no , she would n't be fine . 
 neither would rhett . 
 what if i forget him ? 
 she could hear that cold , female voice telling her ... i 'll make sure that a bullet finds its way into your brother 's head . 
 `` kill the phoenix , '' sabine whispered . 
 her hands grabbed ryder 's shirt . 
 `` kill him for me . '' 
 ryder frowned down at her . 
 `` wyatt - '' his nostrils flared . 
 `` that bastard is already dead . '' 
 then so was rhett . 
 she 'd failed . 
 her lashes started to sag . 
 she struggled to keep them open , for just a few moments more . 
 the world spun around her . 
 ryder-he 'd lifted her up , stood , had her cradled in his arms . 
 `` hold on , '' he told her . 
 `` you 'll be okay . '' 
 `` can you handle her ? '' 
 a deep voice called out . 
 she forced her eyes to focus . 
 cain . 
 he was staring at them . 
 frowning at the gaping wounds on her stomach . 
 you know i 'm dying , do n't you ? 
 ryder turned away from cain and headed back toward the stairs . 
 `` always , '' he said . 
 a lump rose in her throat . 
 `` do n't want to ... forget you ... '' they were in the stairwell . 
 `` do n't worry , love , i wo n't let you . '' 
 she wanted to believe him . 
 but she could n't . 
 chapter nine fuck , f ** k , f ** k ! 
 ryder kicked open the heavy , gleaming silver door , figuring that the room inside would be a lab . 
 a narrow bed waited in the middle of the room under bright lights . 
 not so much a bed as an exam table . 
 trays of instruments were scattered around the room . 
 handcuffs ? 
 i hate this place . 
 but he had to take care of sabine and he had to do it now . 
 carefully , he put her on the bed . 
 his teeth clenched as a pain-filled gasp slipped from her lips . 
 the werewolf-yeah , that guy who 'd attacked her had been a freaking werewolf , just one not quite like any shifter that ryder had ever seen before-had done a number on her . 
 she was bleeding out right before his eyes . 
 `` i want you to drink my blood , '' he told her . 
 ryder caught her chin . 
 forced her gaze up to his . 
 that gaze was so weak . 
 no flames . 
 just darkness . 
 `` sabine , '' he snapped out her name , trying to force her focus back to him . 
 only she did n't focus on him . 
 she did n't focus on anything . 
 her eyes began to roll back into her head . 
 no ! 
 he used his teeth to tear open his wrist , then he shoved his hand toward her mouth . 
 `` vampire ... '' a woman 's voice sighed out the title . 
 `` this did n't work before . 
 why would you think it would save her now ? '' 
 his head whipped to the left . 
 a redhead stood in the doorway . 
 a female with cold , perfect features wearing a white lab coat . 
 correction , a bloodstained white coat . 
 the woman sagged against the wall . 
 then she tried to push forward as she took a step toward him . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 ryder demanded even as he kept his wrist at sabine 's mouth . 
 he was n't giving up . 
 he 'd never give up on her . 
 `` i 'm vivian ... dr. vivian sutton ... and i can save your phoenix . 
 you ... help me ... '' vivian offered , breath heaving and her face tightening with a flash of pain , `` i 'll help you . '' 
 ryder 's gaze fell back at sabine 's still face . 
 `` the tears ... are they still on her cheeks ? '' 
 the doctor tried to keep her voice flat , but ryder heard the crack of emotion . 
 desperate hope . 
 `` i saw ... the footage from the security camera . 
 she cried for you . '' 
 her footsteps shuffled closer . 
 `` are the tear tracks ... still there ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 he knew what the woman wanted . 
 the tears were the cure . 
 wyatt 's words . 
 and sabine 's tears-they healed me . 
 when he 'd been in that hallway , it had n't been her blood that had brought him back . 
 it had been her tears . 
 so that part of the phoenix story was true , too . 
 the tears of a phoenix could heal . 
 he glanced over at vivian . 
 `` you 're dying , '' he said to the doctor . 
 there was so much blood pouring off her . 
 she probably only had minutes left . 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` so , is ... she ... '' sabine 's lips feathered over ryder 's palm . 
 maybe she is n't . 
 `` the tears ... they ca n't , wo n't heal a phoenix 's own injuries , but they can heal me . '' 
 the woman came closer , leaving drops of blood in her wake . 
 `` they can heal me ... then i can heal her . '' 
 the fingers of his left hand slid over sabine 's cheek . 
 so soft . 
 sweet silk . 
 he 'd missed her so much . 
 a constant ache had filled his chest . 
 it was n't about sabine being some kind of second chance at redemption for him . 
 it was about sabine being - mine . 
 `` the male ... he would never cry - '' `` no matter how many times you killed him , huh ? '' 
 ryder threw at her . 
 sabine 's lips moved against him again . 
 then her teeth-sharper than he remembered , bit into his wrist . 
 yes ! 
 but he did n't let the doctor see his relief . 
 `` she was different ... '' those footsteps kept shuffling closer . 
 `` sabine cried each time she died . '' 
 the f ** king bitch dared to tell him that ? 
 `` she begged for us to save her ... sometimes , she 'd even beg for you . '' 
 his teeth snapped together . 
 the woman was digging her own grave with her clinical , sadistic words . 
 `` then she 'd cry when she rose . '' 
 her breath heaved out . 
 the scent of blood deepened . 
 `` maybe it 's because she was so young . 
 the first phoenix we captured , hell , we ca n't ... even tell how old he is . 
 the immortal , '' vivian whispered . 
 the immortal ? 
 was she talking about cain ? 
 `` he did n't break . 
 subject thirteen ... did n't break , either ... '' fuck . 
 cain was subject thirteen . 
 so that meant , hell , there was another phoenix lurking around someplace ? 
 `` they did n't break . 
 sh-she did . 
 and i need her tears ... need more of them ... '' ryder kept his hand at sabine 's mouth , but he sensed the attack coming from the doctor . 
 he waited , waited , then he twisted his body . 
 his left hand came up and caught the stake that the bitch had tried to shove into him . 
 `` i 'm not drugged , '' he gritted out . 
 `` i 'm not in a cage . 
 so you ca n't control me , and you sure as hell ca n't kill me . '' 
 he snapped the stake in his hand . 
 his gaze drifted over her as his nostrils flared . 
 `` you took a shot in the chest , huh ? 
 from one of the monsters or from your own guards ? '' 
 because they 'd broken . 
 he 'd seen them . 
 shooting at anything or anyone who got between them and the red exit signs . 
 when the prisoners broke free and you 'd been the one playing jailer and executioner , you had to know your ass was about to get tortured before death . 
 run , run , humans . 
 run . 
 but wherever they ran , the monsters would find them . 
 `` you 're already dead , '' ryder told her , because the wound to her chest was too deep . 
 `` and it 's an easier death than you probably deserve . '' 
 he pushed her away . 
 but she shook her head . 
 `` th-there 's a syringe . 
 a formula ... it can stop the fire from consuming her ! '' 
 desperation shook the words . 
 a desperate woman would say anything , especially if she thought her lies would help her to keep living . 
 `` give me your ... blood ! '' 
 vivian 's voice was weakening . 
 `` give it to me ... and i will give you ... the formula ... '' ryder stared at her , barely holding back his fury . 
 if sabine did n't need to keep feeding from him ... his jaw locked and he managed to growl , `` the fire wo n't take her . '' 
 vivian shook her head . 
 `` it will ! 
 your blood ... wo n't stop her change , it wo n't - '' `` three times , '' he said . 
 she shook her head again . 
 `` for humans , it just takes one blood exchange for the transformation . '' 
 for a human to take a last gasp of air as a mortal , and to awake as a vampire . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` you did n't - '' `` for sabine , since she was far from human , it took three exchanges . '' 
 maybe because her dna was so strong . 
 the vampire blood had needed time to sink into her cells . 
 to bond . 
 but the proof was unmistakable . 
 when he glanced over her body , he saw that her wounds were closing . 
 she was drinking his blood . 
 she had fangs . 
 her teeth were sharper because they were n't normal canines any longer . 
 his sabine had transformed with this blood exchange . 
 he had n't managed to stop her from dying that first terrible night in his cell . 
 but sabine would never die again . 
 his blood guaranteed it . 
 he did n't expect vivian to charge at him . 
 but she did . 
 with an infuriated scream , the redhead slammed into him and tried to pull ryder away from sabine . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 vivian shrieked . 
 `` you 're ruining her ! '' 
 with his left hand , he shoved her back , and never took his right wrist from sabine 's mouth . 
 `` i 'm saving her . 
 she does n't want the fire . '' 
 and how did vivian have this strength ? 
 with that bullet wound to her chest , she should be barely managing to stay upright . 
 not attacking . 
 `` you 'll make her ... less ... '' the last word was a hiss . 
 he stiffened . 
 `` you have five seconds to get out of here , or i 'll kill you . '' 
 he never liked hurting women , but that vivian-she 'd hurt sabine . 
 the doctor was already dying . 
 `` bastard ! '' 
 but vivian 's feet stumbled toward the door . 
 `` you 'll regret this ! 
 she 'll ... hate you ! 
 she had the power of a god ... and you 're turning her into just another ... bl-bloodsucker ! '' 
 his head turned . 
 his gaze met hers . 
 `` you should be on the ground . 
 choking on your own blood . '' 
 the wound had slowed her , yes , it was bleeding , almost gushing blood , but ... calculation had his eyes narrowing . 
 `` what are you , doctor ? 
 are you an experiment , too , like wyatt was ? '' 
 `` w-was ? '' 
 her lips trembled . 
 grief flashed in her eyes . 
 he offered her a cold smile . 
 `` guess you did n't watch that part on the security footage , huh ? 
 go upstairs . 
 see him for yourself . '' 
 she turned and fled . 
 still moving too damn fast . 
 but he did n't care about her . 
 he only cared about sabine . 
 he looked back at her . 
 im-fucking-possible , because he 'd never seen a vamp heal so quickly , but her wounds had already closed . 
 her cheeks were pink . 
 the third time had been the charm . 
 she was locked with him now . 
 tied-body , blood , and soul . 
 he was n't ever going to let her go . 
 he did n't think that he could . 
 ryder 's need for her had grown too strong . 
 as he stared at her , sabine 's eyelashes flickered . 
 `` look at me , love , '' he whispered as he leaned over her . 
 `` let me make sure you 're still with me . '' 
 her mouth pulled away from his wrist . 
 he did n't even glance at the wound . 
 her lashes lifted , and her dark eyes stared back at him . 
 no fire was in that gaze . 
 just a darkness that seemed to see into his soul . 
 the dark had never looked so warm or beautiful . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 she whispered his name . 
 `` what-where are we ? '' 
 then her eyes widened as she jerked upright . 
 her hand flew to her stomach . 
 `` he-he gutted me ! '' 
 ryder wrapped his arms around her . 
 pulled her close to his chest . 
 `` you 're safe . '' 
 but she shook against him . 
 `` i know this place ... they used to experiment on me here . '' 
 fuck that . 
 he lifted her into his arms . 
 `` we 're getting the hell out of here . 
 no one is ever going to experiment on you again . 
 i wo n't let anyone hurt you . '' 
 a vow . 
 her hands curled around his neck . 
 `` i feel ... strange . '' 
 because her body was transitioning . 
 he 'd heard of a few shifters being transformed over the years . 
 once they 'd become vampires , they 'd never been able to call up their beasts again . 
 some said vampirism was a virus . 
 an infection that spread with the exchange of blood . 
 humans were easily infected . 
 other paranormals just were n't as susceptible to the virus . 
 `` you 've lost a lot of blood , '' he told her , not wanting to explain what he 'd done . 
 not then . 
 `` but you 'll be okay . '' 
 her head rested over his heart . 
 `` the fire was coming for me , but you stopped it . '' 
 his hold on her tightened . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 after all that had happened , the last thing she needed to do was thank him . 
 when she realized that she was a vamp , ryder knew she would n't exactly be thrilled . 
 not when sabine just wanted her human life back . 
 how many times had she told him that she just wanted to go home ? 
 he did n't speak as he carried her from the room . 
 there was a thick blood trail in the hall . 
 as if someone 's bleeding body had been dragged away . 
 there was also no sign of vivian . 
 growls and shouts could still be heard coming from the building . 
 smoke drifted in the air , and the crackle of flames grew louder . 
 maybe the other phoenix had decided to burn this place to the ground . 
 it seemed a fitting retribution . 
 ryder held tight to sabine and made his way from the wreckage and the hell . 
 no one stopped him . 
 no guards appeared with their guns . 
 the guards who had n't died had all run by now . 
 and the paranormals left knew better than to f ** k with him . 
 especially when he had his mate in his arms . 
 she is mine . 
 to him , the truth was undeniable . 
 always . 
 now , he just had to make sabine realize that she needed him , too . 
 the vampire came at her , with his deadly claws and his too-sharp teeth . 
 vivian screamed , but there was no one to help her . 
 no one to care . 
 when he opened his mouth and gave a guttural cry , she saw the vamp 's teeth-every tooth was razor-sharp . 
 not just his canines . 
 every . 
 single . 
 one . 
 she kicked and she punched , but he just held her with hands that bruised and knife-like claws that cut . 
 vivian knew what he was . 
 he was one of the freaks . 
 one of the `` bad experiments '' that should never have seen the light of day . 
 wyatt had told her that most of the primal vampires had died in a recent fire , but this one - `` we wanted to help you ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 not we , but wyatt . 
 he had wanted to help them ... the primal vampire 's teeth sank into her throat . 
 the pain made her body jerk and shudder . 
 she was going to die . 
 she knew it . 
 her body could only survive for so long . 
 she was n't a vampire . 
 not a shifter . 
 she just - the vampire fell away from her , choking . 
 vivian 's hand went to her throat . 
 her blood trickled down her neck . 
 the vampire 's face had twisted . 
 he had his hands on his stomach , and he was the one screaming then . 
 in agony . 
 her breath rushed out . 
 it had worked . 
 wyatt had told her ... he 'd said his blood was poison to the primal vampires . 
 he 'd said - she lifted her hand . 
 stared at the bright red blood on her fingertips . 
 i 'm poison , too . 
 wyatt had never appreciated the power that he possessed . 
 she 'd watched him . 
 seen so much . 
 he did n't die from gunshot wounds . 
 could move so quickly . 
 was so strong . 
 she 'd found the records on his experiments . 
 she had n't been able to duplicate them perfectly , but she 'd come pretty close with her own formula . 
 a tightness filled her chest . 
 the gunshot wound was finally closing . 
 vivian stared at the drops of blood on her fingers . 
 it looked like she had gotten closer to that duplication than she 'd realized . 
 she laughed then because she was going to survive . 
 the vampires could n't hurt her . 
 with her new power , no one could hurt - the primal vampire grabbed her and wrapped his hands around her throat . 
 vivian struggled to suck in air . 
 she could n't breathe , she - the vampire burned in front of her . 
 firing up instantly , then turning to ash . 
 the ash drifted over her as she screamed . 
 then she realized that death was before her . 
 the immortal . 
 she 'd never been allowed to get close to him , no one had , because the man had been deemed so dangerous , but she 'd seen his picture before . 
 he stood before her , just a foot away . 
 his eyes burned with flames . 
 his skin was burnished a deep gold . 
 his hair was pitch-black . 
 he watched her . 
 he smiled . 
 he lifted his hand to her - `` no ! '' 
 vivian yelled . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he seemed curious . 
 `` you enjoyed giving death to others . '' 
 she shook her head , frantic . 
 she tried to back away , but the wall was behind her . 
 `` y-you should n't be out ! '' 
 they 'd had him locked up so tight . 
 no escape . 
 he shrugged . 
 his gaze fell to her chest . 
 no , to her healing gunshot wound . 
 `` and you should be dead . 
 been experimenting on yourself , hmm ? '' 
 he lifted a brow . 
 his hand was still between them . 
 `` i guess you 'll only have yourself to blame for what 's coming . '' 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 he glanced at his raised hand . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i do n't think you 're going to like what happens next . 
 death will be easier . '' 
 `` i do n't want to die ! '' 
 why was her stomach suddenly cramping ? 
 her teeth burning ? 
 his head cocked . 
 `` i think you got the formula ... wrong . '' 
 her breath seemed cold in her lungs . 
 `` your blood was poison , but you were n't immune to their bite . 
 that part-you made the mistake there . '' 
 how did he even know this ? 
 `` you 're becoming like them . '' 
 hunger clawed at her . 
 ripped her in two . 
 her gaze fell to his throat as a red haze seemed to cloud her vision . 
 she could hear his heartbeat . 
 the rush of his blood . 
 blood . 
 her mouth had become bone-dry . 
 `` the change is faster than i thought it would be . '' 
 feed . 
 she lunged for him . 
 and never even felt the fire that took her life away . 
 ryder braked the pickup truck in front of a small wooden cabin . 
 a stream trickled nearby , the faint sound of the water teasing sabine 's ears . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 she asked . 
 ryder glanced at her . 
 `` somewhere safe , for now . '' 
 she wanted to believe that , but `` safe '' was n't exactly a concept she understood anymore . 
 compounding her fear , she felt so weak . 
 she climbed from the truck and put up her hand to block the bright rays of the sun . 
 so bright . 
 too bright ? 
 probably just seemed that way because she had n't seen the sun in such a long time . 
 the folks at genesis had n't exactly been keen on letting the test subjects out for morning strolls . 
 that 's over now . 
 i 'm free . 
 ryder took her arm . 
 `` come on , let 's get you inside so you can rest . '' 
 she nodded . 
 but resting was n't what she felt like doing then . 
 she was tired , yes , achingly so , but at the same time , just the touch of his hand against her arm had sent a shaft of desire pulsing through sabine 's body . 
 what was up with that ? 
 after everything that had happened , the last thing she should be thinking about was sex . 
 yet it was the main thing that pushed into her mind . 
 need . 
 want . 
 ryder opened the cabin door . 
 it was darker inside , but the sun 's rays spilled through the windows and let her see the small space easily . 
 a small space that was filled with a very big bed . 
 one that looked like heaven . 
 her gaze darted around . 
 a couch . 
 a tv . 
 a bathroom . 
 sweet heaven on earth-a bathroom . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 ryder asked her , his voice quiet as he shut the door behind them . 
 sabine shook her head but part of her was hungry . 
 just not for food . 
 she glanced over at him . 
 licked her lips . 
 her heartbeat kicked up . 
 and her ni ** les tightened . 
 what . 
 the . 
 hell . 
 this kind of reaction could n't be normal . 
 she 'd heard of an adrenaline after-burn before , but after-lust ? 
 `` i-i think i need a shower , '' she said . 
 a very cold one . 
 she 'd just broken out of hell , and the first thing she wanted to do ? 
 jump the bones of her vampire rescuer . 
 that had to be screwed up . 
 screwed . 
 her eyelids slammed closed . 
 okay , she was obviously undergoing some kind of breakdown because now she was thinking ... i want to screw him . 
 not make love . 
 she was n't in the mood for soft and gentle lovemaking . 
 she wanted rough and wild . 
 she wanted to rake her nails down his back . 
 wanted to feel the pounding rhythm of - `` sabine ? '' 
 her cheeks were burning . 
 no , she was burning , from the inside out . 
 she kept her eyes closed because she was afraid that he 'd see the fire in her stare . 
 `` something 's wrong with me . '' 
 her voice was hushed as she whispered this raw confession . 
 her clothes were irritating her body . 
 she wanted them gone . 
 wanted only his flesh against her . 
 this was n't natural . 
 sure , she liked sex as much as the next girl . 
 but right then , hell , she felt like she was in heat . 
 heat . 
 great . 
 fantastic . 
 that was probably normal for a phoenix , right ? 
 another fun side effect that she could deal with ? 
 she heard the tread of his footsteps then felt the light brush of his fingers over her cheek . 
 `` you 're sure you are n't hungry ? '' 
 why did he keep harping on that ? 
 `` not for food , '' was her whisper . 
 crap , she had n't just meant to say that . 
 his fingers slid under her chin . 
 `` i can give you whatever you need . '' 
 the man needed to be careful what he offered . 
 they 'd been away from genesis for just a few hours , and she was about to rip his clothes off . 
 `` i think-i think you might want to get away from me . '' 
 she curled her fingers down , making fists . 
 the better not to grab him and hold tight . 
 `` that 's the last thing i want to do . '' 
 then ryder made a very , very fatal mistake . 
 he put his lips on her . 
 ignite . 
 fire seemed to explode within her . 
 with a gasp , she gave in to that heat . 
 her hands flew up and wrapped around him . 
 her mouth opened wide beneath his . 
 his tongue touched hers . 
 light , gentle . 
 hell , no . 
 `` i want more , '' she whispered against his mouth . 
 she had to have more . 
 she was desperate . 
 too wild . 
 nothing could hold back the fire . 
 she did n't want to hold it back . 
 then his hands were on her ass-yes ! 
 - and he was pulling her up tight against him . 
 there was no missing the full , thick length of his arousal . 
 she rubbed against him , wanting more and then - he lifted her into the air . 
 her legs locked around him , and she kept her mouth on his . 
 he was carrying her someplace-the guy seemed to like doing that , and , hey , if it floated his boat ... she nipped his bottom lip . 
 it was his turn to growl . 
 she liked that rough , animalistic sound from him . 
 `` hold on , love , hold on . '' 
 she wanted to hold on to him , but he 'd taken her into the bathroom . 
 he eased her back onto her feet . 
 yanked on the water . 
 oh , that shower was lush . 
 given the size of the cabin , she had n't expected this paradise . 
 big , granite , with steaming water that poured out instantly , the shower was pretty close to a dream . 
 and , yes , okay , she had dried blood on her clothes . 
 on her . 
 not exactly sexy . 
 jumping into the shower with him seemed like a fine idea to her . 
 sabine started to strip . 
 ryder exhaled on a long breath and took a step back . 
 he was ... watching her . 
 she offered him a fast smile . 
 one that she hoped looked sexy and not as sex-crazed as she actually felt . 
 `` you do n't have to just watch . '' 
 she tossed her clothes onto the floor . 
 `` i 'd love it if you touched , too . '' 
 in fact , she had to feel his fingers against her skin . 
 ryder all but ripped his own clothes away , then his hands-big , strong , yes ! 
 - were on her . 
 caressing her br ** sts . 
 teasing her ni ** les . 
 she and ryder stumbled into the shower . 
 the water was heaven . 
 the steam whispered against her lips when she breathed his name . 
 he lifted her up . 
 she was seriously loving his strength . 
 then his mouth closed around her breast . 
 her breath hissed out between her teeth . 
 his tongue rasped over her nipple . 
 the steam did n't seem to just be coming from the water then . 
 it seemed to be rising right off her skin . 
 he sucked her breast . 
 kissed . 
 nipped lightly . 
 she twisted against him because he had her body aching . 
 she wanted more . 
 her fingers sank into his hair . 
 the water streamed down their bodies . 
 `` ryder ... '' she needed relief . 
 her sex was so eager for him . 
 forget the first-base routine . 
 she wanted to head right for home plate . 
 she bent her head and put her mouth on his skin . 
 bite . 
 she 'd never had the urge to bite anyone before . 
 but in that instant , the urge was so strong . 
 too strong to ignore . 
 sabine bit him . 
 not hard enough to break the skin . 
 just hard enough to show him ... i want to be wild . 
 he shuddered beneath her . 
 then his head was lifting . 
 he pushed her back against the tiled shower wall . 
 her toes curled in the stream of water . 
 `` spread your legs . '' 
 guttural . 
 right , like she had to be told twice . 
 um , and , yeah , they actually were already parted but she could spread them a little bit more for him . 
 his hand drifted down her stomach . 
 her breath came faster . 
 `` do n't play , '' she told him , tossing back her wet hair . 
 `` touch me . '' 
 his fingers slid between her legs . 
 found the center of her need . 
 her toes stopped curling . 
 mostly because she 'd just jumped right up on her toes as her body went bow-tight . 
 he stroked her lightly . 
 that was n't enough . 
 but then ... then he pushed one finger into her . 
 `` tight , '' his growl . 
 `` hot . '' 
 yes , she was pretty much burning alive right then . 
 and the fire used to scare her ? 
 no , this fire is different . 
 this was n't about flames . 
 it was about lust and need and pleasure . 
 he worked a second finger into her . 
 sabine had to bite her lip to hold back her cry . 
 not of pain . 
 not even close . 
 his fingers slid out . 
 pushed back inside . 
 his thumb brushed against her clit . 
 every muscle in her body tightened . 
 she 'd never been one to build quickly to orgasm but ... he withdrew those fingers , thrust them into her once more , stroked over her clit , and she broke . 
 broke into what felt like a hundred pieces as pleasure crashed over her . 
 she yelled his name . 
 let her nails dig into his flesh . 
 her body pulsed and throbbed and the pleasure was n't ending because he had his hands around her waist now . 
 he 'd lifted her again , positioned her , and the head of his c ** k drove into her core . 
 her legs clamped tightly around his hips . 
 his mouth was at her throat . 
 his teeth grazing over her skin . 
 he withdrew and thrust , and her back pushed harder against the tile . 
 the pleasure kept building , so much pleasure that she could barely breathe . 
 his teeth sank into her neck . 
 his c ** k pushed into her body . 
 he had her positioned so that every stroke took the length of his c ** k over her sensitive flesh , over her cl * t once more . 
 her eyes squeezed shut . 
 she 'd never felt anything like this before . 
 she 'd died . 
 known pain and fear and hell . 
 this ... this was consuming . 
 every breath was paradise . 
 every move , pleasure . 
 the sensations built , crested , and she lost her breath as the cl ** ax peaked . 
 ryder was with her . 
 he thrust deep once more . 
 shuddered . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 no one had ever said her name like that . 
 like it was life . 
 his head had lifted . 
 she forced her eyes open . 
 pleasure . 
 that was all she saw on his face . 
 blind pleasure . 
 the same thing she felt . 
 the steam drifted around them . 
 their heartbeats raced . 
 her sex was trembling with little after-bursts from her cl ** ax . 
 in her whole life , she 'd never , ever had sex like this . 
 her body was trembling , and in the aftermath of so much pleasure , sabine found that she felt vulnerable . 
 his lips brushed hers . 
 her legs eased down his hips . 
 `` ryder ... '' how did she explain that she was n't usually like this ? 
 for a while there , it had been as if someone else took control of her . 
 she 'd only known need and lust . 
 the ache inside had been satisfied . 
 her control was back . 
 her feet slid against the tile . 
 ryder kept a steady hold on her as he turned off the water . 
 the shower 's drip-drip-drip seemed too loud to her ears . 
 he stared down at her , frowning a bit . 
 `` you did n't ... '' um , yeah , she most definitely had . 
 `` that was more pleasure than i 'd ever had before . '' 
 but he shook his head , his gaze centered on her mouth . 
 she licked her lips , and enjoyed it when his pupils expanded , showing his desire . 
 his fingers rose and brushed over her lips . 
 `` you did n't take my blood . '' 
 um , yeah . 
 because that was n't exactly sexy times for her . 
 she loved it when he bit her-and was n't that a huge change from their first meeting ? 
 - because his bite sent her body into pleasure overdrive . 
 `` you do n't have fangs . '' 
 he sounded shocked . 
 she blinked up at him . 
 not exactly the after-sex conversation she 'd thought would come . 
 `` this surprises you because ... ? '' 
 `` because you had them before . '' 
 his hand dropped . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 because you had them before . 
 suddenly some of that wonderful afterglow was fading . 
 drip-drip-drip . 
 the dripping water grated on her nerves . 
 she pushed past him . 
 reached for a towel and wrapped it around her body . 
 `` ryder ... '' `` i changed you . '' 
 she shook her head , hoping to deny his words . 
 `` no , that 's not true . '' 
 he followed her out of the shower . 
 stalked right after her as she walked-backward-out of the bathroom . 
 she wanted to keep her eyes on him . 
 `` you did n't want to burn again . '' 
 his words were deep and dark and he watched her with a gaze still filled with lust . 
 she tightened her grip on the towel . 
 she clearly remembered the not-wanting-to-burn part . 
 `` my injuries were n't that bad . 
 i just got better . '' 
 that was the reason the flames had faded away . 
 not because of-of any change . 
 i do n't want to be a vampire . 
 being a phoenix was bad enough . 
 becoming a full-time blood drinker ? 
 no , thank you . 
 `` stir the fire , '' he rasped . 
 sabine blinked . 
 `` stir the fire . '' 
 she lifted her hands . 
 thought of the flames . 
 the white-hot fire . 
 nothing happened . 
 her hand fisted . 
 `` you ca n't , '' ryder said grimly . 
 `` i told you ... you changed . '' 
 her tongue slid over the edge of her teeth . 
 they were normal . 
 not fangs . 
 sabine shook her head . 
 `` you asked me to help you , '' he said . 
 his hands were clenched at his sides . 
 his body nude , powerful . 
 sexy . 
 sabine forced her gaze to meet his . 
 she had asked him to help her . 
 she remembered her desperate plea . 
 she 'd begged for his help , even as she knew that ... i 'm dying again . 
 `` i go to hell , '' she whispered this confession as she stared into his eyes . 
 `` the fire is so hot . 
 it burns my flesh away . 
 pulls up some beast that 's buried inside of me . 
 the fire wo n't let me go . 
 it surrounds me , it - '' he stalked forward and caught her arms . 
 `` you never have to feel that fire again . 
 you 'll never die again . 
 never age . 
 never get sick . '' 
 because i 'm a vampire ? 
 she 'd just traded one monster for another . 
 her heart raced . 
 but ... `` i do n't have fangs . '' 
 her teeth were just normal . 
 `` they 'll grow , sharpen , when you need to feed . '' 
 she forced herself to keep holding his gaze . 
 `` i do n't need to feed . '' 
 the last thing she wanted to do was sink her teeth into someone 's throat . 
 she 'd nipped him during sex but that had just been rough foreplay . 
 right ? 
 `` maybe you still have enough of my blood in you . 
 when humans change , the first things they want to do are feed and f ** k. '' she flinched . 
 um , yes , she 'd sure had the f ** king part down . 
 she 'd never felt a need so intense . 
 it had taken her over . 
 dominated her every cell . 
 she 'd needed him , quite simply , more than she 'd needed breath right then . 
 was that really me ? 
 or did those doctors do something to me ? 
 they 'd injected her so many times with who the hell knew what when she 'd been held captive . 
 `` you were never human , so it only stands to reason that your body would n't react the same way to the change . '' 
 his fingers were rubbing small circles on her arms . 
 did he realize that ? 
 she did . 
 she liked it . 
 found the caress soothing . 
 `` it took three exchanges to convert you , '' he said as a frown pulled his brows low . 
 `` with a human , it just takes one . '' 
 faint suspicion hummed in her mind . 
 `` you were trying to change me , from the beginning . '' 
 do n't be true . 
 do n't be . 
 her heart was n't just racing . 
 it was hurting . 
 i trusted him . 
 even with my fear , i thought he was helping me . 
 his expression was blank , but his eyes were full of need . 
 `` the first time i gave you my blood , i wanted to keep you alive . 
 that was my only goal . 
 i never meant to take so much from you . '' 
 ah , and she heard the guilt there . 
 it would probably always be there . 
 `` i thought that if i 'd just given you more , you would have transformed . 
 wyatt stopped me , and i figured the change did n't occur because you did n't get enough of my blood . '' 
 but then he 'd given more blood to her later . 
 she pulled away from him . 
 `` you were trying to change me . '' 
 it had been deliberate . 
 the blood drinking . 
 the seduction . 
 he 'd pulled her in . 
 gotten her to trust him . 
 why had n't he told her that she 'd change ? 
 why had n't he just told her what was happening ? 
 `` you did n't want to be a phoenix , '' he reminded her , voice flat . 
 `` i gave you what you wanted . 
 if you had n't been hurt , if you had n't been lying there , dying right in front of me , i would n't have gone for the transformation . 
 dammit , believe me ! 
 `` i could n't let you die again . 
 you did n't want death , and in that moment , sabine , i would have traded anything-even the last bit of my black soul-to make sure that you did n't burn again . '' 
 her mouth was dry . 
 `` i just wanted to save you , '' he rasped . 
 `` i have n't saved many in my life . '' 
 `` why am i special ? '' 
 she had n't meant to ask that , had she ? 
 his gaze held her prisoner . 
 `` because i look at you , and i see the one person that i want most in this world . '' 
 oh , okay , that was not what - ryder gave a sharp , negative shake of his head . 
 `` it 's more . 
 i look at you , and you remind me ... you make me long for everything i lost so long ago . '' 
 her breath whispered out . 
 `` what did you lose ? '' 
 `` happiness . 
 hope . 
 peace . '' 
 a muscle jerked along his jaw . 
 `` and when i look at you , i see all of those things . '' 
 the vampire had just stunned her . 
 `` so , no , '' now his voice roughened . 
 `` i was n't just going to stand there and let you burn , not when you were begging me to save you . 
 maybe it 's not the method you had in mind , but the blood exchange was the only option i had available to me . '' 
 his shoulders straightened . 
 `` and to be damn honest , if i had to do it all over again , i 'd still try to change you . 
 if that meant you did n't burn , i 'd do it again . '' 
 she did n't know what to say to that . 
 he was right . 
 she 'd hated the fire . 
 hated dying , coming back , and not knowing anything . 
 except she 'd remembered him . 
 even after all of the flames and death , his image had come to her . 
 whispered through her mind . 
 her vampire . 
 sexy . 
 dangerous . 
 so compelling . 
 powerful enough to push through the fire . 
 a vampire . 
 and i 'm one now , too ? 
 `` come to bed with me , '' he murmured the words as his head bent and his lips feathered over her cheek . 
 `` you 've been through hell . '' 
 no , to hell . 
 but he was so tempting . 
 still naked . 
 all of those rippling muscles . 
 that thick cock . 
 gorgeous male . 
 `` i can help you when the hunger comes . '' 
 fucking and feeding . 
 that was what vampires did , right ? 
 the pleasure that had rocked through her before suddenly had her feeling shamed . 
 she 'd had no control . 
 been just like an animal . 
 biting . 
 clawing . 
 would it always be that way ? 
 and when she did crave blood , would she be as desperate to satisfy her blood hunger as she 'd been when she 'd wanted sex with him ? 
 what if she killed someone ? 
 took too much ? 
 `` sabine . '' 
 her lashes lifted . 
 he stared at her with such care in his eyes . 
 `` i will help you . '' 
 she thought he might be the only one who could . 
 it was n't like she had some kind of supernatural rolodex . 
 he was the strongest paranormal that she knew , and , despite everything ... i feel safe with him . 
 `` if you really want to help me '' - she drew in a deep breath - `` then take me home . '' 
 she had to see her family . 
 had to make sure that her brother was safe . 
 but ryder shook his head , and , with regret pulling at his handsome face , he told her , `` i 'm sorry , love , but you ca n't go home again . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 the hell i ca n't . 
 and sabine knew that her time with the sexy vamp had come to an end . 
 chapter ten getting away from ryder had been surprisingly easy . 
 the man slept like the dead , literally . 
 when she 'd been sure that he was out , sabine had just slipped away . 
 maybe he had n't expected her to leave . 
 maybe he 'd thought that she was all after-sex slumberous . 
 maybe he 'd thought she was the kind of girl who 'd just turn her back on her family . 
 he needed to damn well think again . 
 she 'd taken the truck . 
 the one that he 'd initially stolen . 
 she 'd ditched it at the first truck stop she came to , not wanting anyone to trail it . 
 she 'd hitched a ride with a real sweetheart of a female truck driver . 
 daisy had been sixty-seven , with a grin as wide as tennessee , and the woman had sure liked to talk . 
 she had n't noticed that sabine did n't exactly talk back much . 
 sabine had thought about calling her family . 
 checking in to let them know that she was alive and semi-well , but when she and daisy had stopped at an old-school diner , sabine had glanced up at the tv installed near the counter and seen the news stories about genesis . 
 fire had filled the small tv screen . 
 the reporters had been talking about the death toll at the two facilities . 
 from all appearances , genesis looked dead , but was it really ? 
 maybe she was just being paranoid , but she did n't want to take any chances . 
 especially after the nightmare that she 'd been through for the last few weeks . 
 she had n't wanted to make any phone calls . 
 had n't wanted to do anything that might give away her location . 
 she just wanted-home . 
 when daisy left her in new orleans , sabine inhaled the scent of the river . 
 home . 
 finally . 
 darkness was falling , but the city shone at night . 
 so many voices . 
 music drifting on the breeze . 
 rhett 's place was n't on bourbon street . 
 no , his bar was more secret , more shadowed . 
 she hopped on the trolley , holding tight to the bar as she slipped inside . 
 the bell rang , and the trolley slid away from the stop . 
 from her perch , she watched her city sweep by . 
 and felt eyes watching her . 
 her shoulders tensed , and sabine glanced around the trolley car 's interior . 
 a family ... tourists ... they always had the same eager look . 
 some college kids , wearing their tulane shirts . 
 a couple holding hands in the back . 
 and ... and a guy , with a baseball cap pulled low over his head . 
 shoulders hunched , wearing a black t-shirt . 
 a five o'clock shadow lined his jaw , and it looked like that jaw was turned away from her . 
 as if the guy were paying her no attention . 
 but sabine 's body was on alert . 
 something was wrong . 
 the trolley eased to a stop . 
 she had n't planned to get off yet , but as soon as the trolley 's doors swished open , she rushed through them . 
 baseball cap jumped off the trolley , too . 
 not good . 
 she pushed her damp palms against her jeans . 
 daisy , bless her sweet , big heart , had given sabine enough cash to buy some clothes . 
 and the lady had n't even asked her about the rips and bloodstains in her old clothes . 
 a real sweetheart . 
 as usual , new orleans was hot , and sabine was already starting to sweat . 
 she hurried away from the trolley , wanting to find a place with as many people as possible . 
 it was easier to vanish in a crowd . 
 a glance over her shoulder showed sabine that baseball cap was following behind her . 
 part of her wanted to just turn and confront him . 
 if he was a genesis goon , he was n't going to take her again . 
 but another part of her , a smarter part , realized ... you ca n't conjure fire . 
 ryder said you were a vamp , but your fangs still are n't there . 
 if she confronted him and the guy came out fighting with a stake or a gun , just what the hell was she supposed to do ? 
 get a weapon . 
 that was what she needed to do . 
 a crowd surrounded her as she slipped onto decatur street . 
 there were always plenty of people in front of the shops . 
 she eased through the crowd , bending and weaving , and , oh , a street performer was n't using his cane . 
 it was just propped against the building behind him . 
 making a mental note to bring this guy back a very serious tip , sabine grabbed the cane . 
 then she rushed to the left . 
 she made sure that her body was distanced from everyone else , that she presented a very easy-to-see target ... come and get me . 
 then sabine slipped down a side street . 
 the flow of bodies was immediately muted . 
 not much to see here , so the tourists stayed away . 
 clutching tight to the cane , she flattened her body against a brick wall . 
 she lifted the cane , holding it like a bat . 
 she 'd been all-state back on the girls ' softball team in high school , and her hits had been pretty legendary . 
 if baseball cap came around that corner - he did . 
 sabine swung out with the cane , using all of her strength as she aimed for his chest . 
 he caught the cane in his right hand . 
 he stared down at the wooden cane for a moment , then he lifted his head . 
 `` this is your best weapon ? '' 
 the weapon burned beneath his hands . 
 gasping , sabine tried to jump back . 
 unfortunately , she was already against the wall . 
 worst . 
 plan . 
 ever . 
 she tried to sidle away then , but the man 's hand flew out-the same hand that had just burned that cane-and his fingers curled around her neck . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 she swallowed . 
 he was n't blocking her airway . 
 was n't hurting her . 
 yet . 
 `` mister , i do n't know who you are , but you 'd better let me go . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` of course , you know who i am . '' 
 there was fire in his eyes . 
 `` i 'm just like you , '' he said . 
 she could n't speak . 
 his head cocked . 
 `` or i was like you , but something 's different . 
 something 's blocking your fire . '' 
 he dropped his hold and stepped back . 
 `` tell me what they did . '' 
 she forced her shoulders to straighten . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they killed me . 
 again and again - '' he waved that away . 
 `` why do n't you burn ? '' 
 because my vampire lover bit me . 
 changed me . 
 `` we kill each other , '' he said . 
 there seemed to be a note of regret in his voice . 
 `` it hardly seems fair , when you wo n't burn . '' 
 oh crap , he 'd just threatened to kill her . 
 `` did n't even know that , did you ? '' 
 for an instant , it almost looked as if pity flashed in his gaze . 
 `` newborn , '' he muttered . 
 `` why do you think there are so few of our kind ? 
 we 're our own worst enemies . '' 
 `` i-i do n't want to be your enemy . '' 
 she just wanted to be far away from him . 
 `` so little can truly kill us , '' he said , as if he had n't even heard her words . 
 `` the death blow has to come through the fire . '' 
 his gaze narrowed . 
 `` we are the only ones who can reach through that fire . '' 
 so , um , was he saying that only a phoenix could ever really kill another phoenix ? 
 `` i 'm not interested in killing you . '' 
 just so they could be clear . 
 `` but maybe i 'm interested in killing you . '' 
 hell . 
 she 'd hoped he would n't say that . 
 `` i knew you 'd be here . '' 
 his gaze raked her . 
 `` if they have n't already , others will figure it out , too . '' 
 others ? 
 `` genesis is dead and gone . '' 
 since that stop at the diner , she 'd managed to pick up other news stories about genesis . 
 a reporter had been undercover at genesis . 
 every time daisy had made a pit stop , sabine had made a point of trying to learn more of the stories circulating about genesis . 
 from what she could tell , it looked like the tide was turning for the paranormals in the world . 
 the media was giving them the sympathy , showing outrage for the suffering they 'd been through at genesis . 
 the government was promising a full investigation . 
 she 'd seen that particular headline on the cover of a new orleans paper right after daisy had driven away . 
 big , bold , in your face , the headline had eased some of the battle-tight tension from sabine 's body . 
 but that tension was back now , full-force . 
 the man smiled at her . 
 `` you honestly believe that crock of bull ? 
 two labs are down , but the humans are n't going to stop . 
 we 're too powerful for them to ever just stop and leave us alone . '' 
 she held her body perfectly still . 
 `` i do n't know you , '' sabine said carefully . 
 escape . 
 that was her only priority . 
 `` and i do n't want to know you . 
 so why do n't you just go your way , i 'll go mine , and we never , ever have to see each other again . '' 
 he shook his head and sighed . 
 `` that 's not how this is going to work . '' 
 why not ? 
 she managed to bite the words back , barely . 
 footsteps shuffled in the distance . 
 the crowd was so close . 
 it actually seemed as if some of those folks might be coming even closer . 
 stepping into the alley . 
 she thought about calling out to them , but she did n't want to risk any innocent lives . 
 too many had been risked already . 
 `` you 're too dangerous to be left alone , '' he told her , voice flat . 
 `` you 're so new , i can tell . '' 
 new ? 
 she did n't exactly feel shiny and bright and new . 
 more like beat down . 
 used . 
 abused . 
 `` i just want to see my family . '' 
 no , she wanted her life back . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 did he actually sound like he meant the words ? 
 um , no . 
 not even a little bit . 
 she 'd definitely imagined that flash of pity earlier . 
 `` that 's not going to happen . '' 
 then he reached for her again . 
 `` buddy , you need to step the hell away from my sister . '' 
 the words were low , snarled , and coming from right behind the tall , deadly stranger . 
 the stranger 's eyes met hers . 
 his gaze was steady and dark . 
 the flames were banked , for the moment . 
 `` i was hoping that he 'd just keep walking . '' 
 so he 'd heard the rustle of footsteps , too . 
 sabine 's heart ached . 
 she could n't see around the man-he seemed to block everything else out , but that voice ... that deep , rich voice , roughened by the slightest new orleans drawl . 
 she knew that voice . 
 her brother . 
 rhett . 
 `` do n't hurt him , '' she whispered to the dangerous man before her . 
 the stranger did n't answer . 
 then there were more footsteps . 
 not rustling any longer . 
 racing toward them . 
 and the stranger whirled to face the threat . 
 he , wait , was he putting his body in front of her ? 
 like he was about to protect her ? 
 she peered over his shoulder . 
 as soon as sabine saw her brother 's handsome but tense face , it was like a punch right to her chest . 
 she 'd missed him so much . 
 he had a baseball bat in his hands . 
 the trusty bat that she knew he usually kept behind his bar . 
 he 'd been all-state , too . 
 he 'd taught her everything she knew about swinging a bat . 
 and rhett was n't alone . 
 a crowd of men had formed behind him . 
 men she recognized . 
 louis marchand . 
 vaughn adams . 
 douglas pierce . 
 all of the guys were regulars at rhett 's bar-and they were her brother 's closest friends . 
 the men looked pissed , and they were all armed . 
 louis had a knife in his hand . 
 a knife ? 
 vaughn had a gun-well , okay , she was n't even going to wonder how the guy had gotten that , and douglas ... the guy gripped a broken whiskey bottle in his fist . 
 `` this does n't concern you , '' the stranger snarled . 
 `` she 's not even your real sister . '' 
 rhett 's jaw locked . 
 normally , he was the easygoing southern boy . 
 a faint drawl would whisper in his words , just enough of a slow tease to make all his girlfriends smile . 
 he had bright blond hair , a golden tan , and dimples that flashed . 
 no dimples were flashing . 
 he lifted his bat . 
 he 'd been the reason she 'd been such a good player . 
 the guy had been the one to teach her everything she knew about swinging a bat . 
 `` the hell she is n't . '' 
 his hands had a white-knuckled grip around that bat . 
 oh , she knew he was about to take a swing . 
 what would happen when he did ? 
 `` and you made a f ** king mistake , '' rhett snarled the words right back at the man shielding sabine , `` by trying to take her away from me . '' 
 the stranger lifted his hands . 
 sabine grabbed his shoulder . 
 `` do n't hurt him ! '' 
 she was so afraid fire would appear before his fingers . 
 she did n't want her brother burned . 
 `` he 's not going to hurt me , sabe , '' rhett promised . 
 `` but i 'm going to kick the shit out of him . '' 
 the man before her laughed . 
 then he lunged forward . 
 sabine screamed . 
 rhett swung . 
 the bat hit hard , probably harder than the stranger expected because he stumbled back . 
 rhett had n't been the home-run king for nothing . 
 rhett grabbed her hand and yanked her to his side . 
 his buddies closed in as vaughn lifted his gun . 
 `` asshole , you better freeze , '' he barked . 
 `` because i 'm nopd . '' 
 new orleans police department ? 
 since when ? 
 and when did a cop go out on the streets with men who were armed with bats and broken bottles ? 
 the stranger 's head lifted . 
 his eyes were n't so dark now . 
 they were starting to flame . 
 `` freezing is n't something i 've ever been able to do , '' he said . 
 `` but burning ... that 's a whole different matter . '' 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 came the stunned question from douglas . 
 the redhead was shaking . 
 yeah , probably realizing that broken whiskey bottle was n't going to do him much good . 
 `` he 's a para ! '' 
 wait , what ? 
 was that the new lingo for a paranormal ? 
 douglas had always been a lingo guy . 
 he thought it made him seem cool . 
 he did n't exactly look cool then . 
 sabine pushed toward them . 
 douglas was shaking harder by the second . 
 maybe because the stranger 's eyes were burning brighter by the second . 
 `` run , '' sabine whispered . 
 no one moved . 
 `` run ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 sabine shoved douglas . 
 but the guy just shook his head and stood his ground . 
 `` no one 's hurting my sister , '' rhett said . 
 the leader of the pack . 
 always . 
 his bat had a long crack in it . 
 his fingers tightened around the base . 
 `` so you come at me again if you want . 
 i do n't care what the hell you are . 
 no one hurts my sister and walks away . '' 
 the man 's eyes were glowing bright . 
 `` i 'm not the one you have to punish . 
 save that for her vampire . '' 
 how did he know about ryder ? 
 `` he 's coming , '' the man said , a faint smile curling his mouth . 
 `` coming in so fast . 
 he wo n't give her up . 
 what will you do then ? 
 kill him ? '' 
 her breath had stilled in her chest . 
 the guy was wrong . 
 had to be . 
 she 'd ditched ryder . 
 but ryder knew she was from new orleans . 
 she glanced over her shoulder . 
 did n't see anything but the end of the alley and the crowd filling the main street . 
 `` maybe you 'll come to wish that she was dead . '' 
 those words had her head snapping back toward the stranger . 
 `` before it 's all over . '' 
 `` and maybe you 'll wish that you 'd never set foot in our town . '' 
 this growl erupted from vaughn . 
 his handsome face was tight with fury . 
 `` i 'm the least of your worries . '' 
 the man 's burning gaze touched on sabine . 
 `` but i will see you again . '' 
 `` not if you want to keep those eyes in your head , you wo n't , '' rhett blasted . 
 the stranger just smirked . 
 then he said , `` you should duck now . '' 
 what ? 
 he lifted his hand and a ball of fire rushed in the air , heading right toward them . 
 vaughn pulled the trigger on his gun . 
 rhett 's fingers locked around sabine . 
 they all ducked . 
 and as the fire blazed , the stranger with the burning eyes slipped away , leaving behind a trail of smoke and drops of blood on the ground . 
 no one spoke . 
 no one tried to go after the guy . 
 they waited until the flames started to die away , then rhett demanded , `` who the hell was that ? '' 
 sabine could only shake her head . 
 they were all rising , all looking around carefully . 
 a crowd of spectators had come their way , drawn , no doubt , by the smell of smoke and the crackle of flames . 
 `` i do n't know who he was . '' 
 the crowd was closing in . 
 sabine backed away from them , and her shoulder brushed against rhett 's chest . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 he nodded , but then , he stopped and pulled her against him . 
 held her in a crushing grip that threatened to break her ribs . 
 she felt his lips brush against the side of her head . 
 `` i thought you were dead . '' 
 i was . 
 but she could n't tell him that . 
 no , maybe she just did n't want to tell him . 
 so she held him , gripping him just as tightly as she inhaled his familiar scent . 
 her eyes had squeezed closed and she forced herself to open her gaze . 
 when her lashes lifted , her stare darted over the growing crowd . 
 and her eyes locked on a gleaming , green gaze . 
 ryder . 
 he was n't pushing forward like the others . 
 was n't offering to help . 
 was n't moving at all . 
 he stood there , watching her and rhett . 
 there was so much fury in his eyes . 
 `` let 's go , '' sabine whispered again . 
 rhett 's body felt strong and alive against her . 
 she was n't about to do anything to risk that life . 
 vaughn had hidden his gun . 
 probably tucked it under his shirt . 
 the others had dropped their weapons and were trying to look harmless . 
 they managed to ease their way through the crowd-and away from ryder-even as a fire truck 's siren blared in the distance . 
 rhett kept a tight hold on her as they rushed down the street . 
 she glanced back , and , sure enough , ryder was following her . 
 slow , stalking steps . 
 she shook her head . 
 stay away . 
 sabine mouthed the words . 
 he kept coming . 
 then she and her band of protectors were crossing the street . 
 horns blared . 
 they ignored them . 
 typical . 
 they cut through alleys , slid around old buildings , moving as fast as they could . 
 she looked back again . 
 ryder was still there . 
 and she knew that ditching him was n't going to be easy . 
 in fact , it might just be impossible . 
 the bar was pretty much as he 'd expected . 
 ryder eased inside of the rift , following the sound of blues as the other bar patrons swept into the bar . 
 dim lighting sent shadows chasing over the floor . 
 the wood creaked beneath his feet as ryder walked . 
 the place smelled of alcohol and perfume . 
 laughter floated around him , just as the drinks were flowing . 
 the humans were in a good mood . 
 celebrating . 
 a circle of men had gathered near the back corner of the bar , a circle that enclosed sabine . 
 the humans really needed to start backing the hell off . 
 for sabine , he was going to try and keep things civilized . 
 at first . 
 he could just see the top of sabine 's head . 
 some guy with bright blond hair kept hugging her . 
 kissing her on the cheek . 
 that had better be the brother . 
 if it was n't , the man was going to be in a whole world of pain soon . 
 `` sabe , what happened ? '' 
 ryder was close enough to hear the blond 's question . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 the guy demanded , emotion roughening his voice . 
 `` we were so worried . 
 hell , do you know how many times i checked the morgue ? '' 
 her hand lifted , and she curled her fingers around his biceps . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 the guy swore and pointed toward a door marked private . 
 `` you 're telling me what happened . '' 
 then he was marching for that door . 
 pulling sabine with him . 
 the other men were following him . 
 ryder followed , too . 
 until his path was blocked by a tall , muscled male with a f ** k-off glare . 
 the guy 's blue eyes were a sharp and angry contrast to his dark brown skin . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 ryder lifted a brow . 
 `` trust me , you do n't want to get in my way . '' 
 the guy laughed . 
 `` looks like that 's just where i am . '' 
 his smile faded . 
 `` you followed us here . '' 
 ryder shrugged . 
 why deny the truth ? 
 `` you were easy to follow . '' 
 the man 's right hand began to lift . 
 ryder knew the fellow was going for the gun he 'd tucked into the back of his waistband . 
 `` do you truly want to do that here ? '' 
 ryder asked , curious , baiting . 
 `` with so many humans around ? '' 
 the man hesitated . 
 `` i 'm guessing you 're not human . '' 
 `` good guess . '' 
 then he rushed forward and grabbed the guy 's hand before he could make the mistake of going for the gun . 
 using his grip , ryder twisted the man around and forced him toward the `` private '' door . 
 `` now how about you and i go join the little chat in the back room ? '' 
 because he 'd been away from sabine for long enough . 
 she left me . 
 just when he 'd thought they were starting to trust each other . 
 they 'd gotten out of hell together . 
 had some pretty f ** king amazing sex . 
 then she 'd left the minute he closed his eyes . 
 he 'd nearly ripped down the mountain trying to find her . 
 as it was , he yanked back his captive and kicked in the `` private '' door . 
 the door flew off its hinges . 
 `` what the - '' a man 's snarling voice began . 
 the blond . 
 the guy had a cracked baseball bat gripped in his hand . 
 he came up swinging . 
 ryder caught the bat in his right hand . 
 `` you need a better weapon . '' 
 he shattered the wood . 
 then heard the faintest click behind him . 
 a safety , being released . 
 yes , he knew the sound . 
 `` you should n't have turned your back on me , '' his ex-captive said . 
 `` man , you 're gon na pay for that one . '' 
 `` vaughn ! '' 
 sabine 's frantic cry . 
 `` do n't shoot him ! '' 
 huh . 
 it sounded like she cared . 
 `` i 'm not shooting him , yet . '' 
 now the guy 's voice was cocky . 
 `` douglas , patch up the door before anyone sees what the hell we 're doing . '' 
 the redhead ran forward and used his body to shove the door back into semi-place . 
 ryder ignored the redhead . 
 he only focused on the one person who mattered in the room . 
 `` stop it , '' the blond snarled as he took a protective step in front of sabine . 
 `` stop looking at my sister like you want to f ** kin ' eat her . '' 
 it was too fitting . 
 ryder smiled and knew that his fangs would flash . 
 it was the wrong move , of course , because the trigger-happy human with the gun shot him . 
 chapter eleven ryder did n't flinch when the bullet tore into his chest . 
 the bullet hurt like a bitch , but after his time at genesis , he 'd rather gotten used to pain . 
 `` you missed my heart , '' ryder muttered . 
 then he lunged for the shooter . 
 his hand wrapped around the guy 's throat . 
 one snap . 
 just one . 
 and he 'd have a dead human . 
 `` let him go , ryder ! '' 
 he 'd missed the way sabine said his name . 
 okay , not the way she screamed it-the way she just had-but the way she whispered it . 
 sighed it . 
 he kept his hold on the human . 
 `` others heard the shot . '' 
 even the drunks in the bar would n't be oblivious to a gunshot . 
 his gaze swept to the redhead . 
 `` make sure no one else comes in this room , or i 'll tear off your friend 's head . '' 
 the guy 's adam 's apple bobbed , but he nodded and made his way out of the room . 
 then he put the door back in place behind him . 
 `` now ... '' ryder sighed as he felt the blood soak his shirt . 
 `` i 'm going to need some blood . '' 
 he glanced over at sabine . 
 she was even more beautiful than he remembered . 
 so beautiful that he ached just looking at her . 
 mine . 
 `` do you want to volunteer , love ? '' 
 ryder asked her softly as his gaze dipped to the elegant column of her throat . 
 `` or shall i take a bite out of your friend ? '' 
 `` you 're not supposed to attack humans ! '' 
 this came from the guy in the back , a thin , wiry fellow with a curly mop of black hair . 
 `` you 're supposed to drink fr-from bags or get volunteers - '' `` i 'll volunteer , louis , '' sabine said , cutting through the man 's words . 
 her gaze was on ryder . 
 `` but you have to promise me that you wo n't hurt any of my friends . '' 
 she had too many male friends . 
 they were annoying . 
 the blond was still doing guard duty near her , but ryder now knew that , yes , that was the brother . 
 a brother with a whole lot of fury boiling beneath his surface . 
 good thing the guy was n't a phoenix . 
 with that much rage , he would have set the whole place on fire . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 sabine pushed . 
 he shrugged and released the human . 
 `` i 'm not here for them . '' 
 he knew she would understand . 
 i 'm here for you . 
 he let his nails sharpen to claws , and he shoved those claws into his chest . 
 `` oh , the hell , no , '' her brother barked . 
 `` you do n't do that kind of crazy shit in my bar ! '' 
 uh , yeah , he just had done that . 
 he tossed the bullet he 'd retrieved onto the floor . 
 he wiped the blood on his jeans and offered sabine his hand . 
 there were streaks of blood on his fingers . 
 fitting . 
 until he died-an event that might never occur-he 'd always have blood on his hands . 
 sabine crept closer to him . 
 her scent reached him . 
 wrapped around him . 
 he dropped his hand before his blood could touch her . 
 she stared up at him . 
 `` i thought you 'd let me go . '' 
 her words were quiet . 
 a little lost . 
 never . 
 `` and i thought that genesis had gotten you again . 
 you ... scared me , sabine . '' 
 he knew just how valuable she had been to the group . 
 despite the stories that the media was circulating , ryder did n't buy that genesis was dead . 
 not by a long shot . 
 they 'd cut the head off the snake , but the beast still lived . 
 sabine lifted her delicate wrist to his mouth . 
 the blond lunged for her . 
 `` sabe , no ! '' 
 her shoulders tensed . 
 `` it 's not like i have n't done this before , rhett . '' 
 ryder 's lips parted over her wrist . 
 his teeth scraped over the delicate skin . 
 `` do n't do it ! '' 
 rhett snapped . 
 `` you put those teeth in her , buddy , and i 'll put a stake in your heart ! '' 
 a little late for that , considering he 'd put his teeth into her several times before . 
 but , right then , for this time , ryder did n't let his teeth sink into her skin . 
 he could almost taste her blood ... that addictive flavor that was only his sabine . 
 but drinking from her ... with her brother 's furious stare on them ... no . 
 when he drank from sabine , he wanted to f ** k her . 
 his bloodlust and his physical lust were too closely bound with her . 
 and they would save that particular reunion for later . 
 when her brother was n't glaring at them . 
 with an effort , ryder pulled her wrist away from his mouth . 
 `` i 'll feed in private . '' 
 which was code for ... get these ass ** les out of here , sabine . 
 he wanted to talk with her alone . 
 there was much , much to say . 
 things that did n't need to be spoken of in front of such an avid audience . 
 `` you 're not doing anything in private . '' 
 her brother narrowed his gaze on them . 
 `` since when did you start hanging with vampires , sabine ? '' 
 he heard the soft whisper of her breath , then her voice came , low and tight . 
 `` since i became one . '' 
 rhett 's face went white with shock as he rocked back on his heels . 
 `` no ! '' 
 but she nodded , rather miserably , and would n't meet her brother 's gaze . 
 rhett turned his fury on ryder . 
 `` you did this to her . '' 
 not a question . 
 and also , not wrong . 
 so ryder squared his shoulders and agreed . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the human could move fairly fast . 
 rhett spun away . 
 shattered a nearby chair , and came up with a chunk of the wooden leg held tight in his fist . 
 `` i 'm killing you ! '' 
 he did n't want to hurt her brother . 
 hurting him would only make sabine angry . 
 but ryder also was n't in the mood to get staked . 
 `` would you have been happier if i just let her die ? '' 
 ryder asked . 
 he did n't mention the part about sabine just coming back when she died . 
 her brother was freaking over a bit of vampirism . 
 ryder was n't sure the man was up to handling the truth of a phoenix 's death . 
 he also did n't want to be the one to tell her brother about all that sabine had suffered . 
 rhett loved his sister . 
 that fact was plain to see . 
 it was the reason ryder had n't already taken that stake away from the guy-and shoved it right into rhett 's own chest . 
 i do n't take kindly to the threat of a stake in my heart . 
 if the man had n't been family to sabine , well , there would have been plenty of blood flowing . 
 but for her , ryder held back . 
 sabine raised her hand , stopping her brother 's advance . 
 `` i told you on the way here ... where i 've been ... what 's happened to me ... it 's a very long story . '' 
 `` i 've got nothing but time , '' rhett threw back . 
 `` and i 've been going insane worrying about you . 
 hell , sabe , when you did n't come home , when the days passed and no one could find you anywhere , mom had a heart attack . '' 
 sabine 's body trembled . 
 `` she 's fine , '' rhett said quickly as his friends watched the exchange in silence . 
 `` but she 's been crying herself to sleep every damn night since you disappeared . '' 
 faint lines bracketed his mouth . 
 `` why did n't you just call ? 
 so you turned into a vamp . 
 not the choice i would have wanted , but you know i love you . 
 no matter what you are , i love you . '' 
 silence . 
 heavy . 
 painful . 
 sabine rolled her shoulders . 
 `` i should n't have come back . '' 
 a muscle jerked in rhett 's jaw . 
 pain flashed in his eyes . 
 ryder eyed the stake . 
 for the moment , rhett was n't attacking . 
 but the moment he did ... sabine cleared her throat . 
 `` how did you-how did you even know that i was back ? 
 how 'd you find me in that alley ? '' 
 it was the dark-haired man who answered . 
 the one she 'd called louis . 
 the guy who seemed to be guarding rhett 's back . 
 `` we 've got eyes all over this city . 
 everyone has been looking for you . 
 when we got word that you were spotted on the trolley near canal , we hauled ass down there . '' 
 rhett nodded . 
 `` we hauled ass , and found you up against the wall , and that crazy bastard with the fire in his eyes was about to attack you . '' 
 crazy bastard with the fire in his eyes ... ryder 's body tensed . 
 `` sabine ? '' 
 when he 'd seen her in the alley , he 'd smelled smoke , but he 'd just thought-hell , he had n't even thought . 
 he 'd reacted . 
 he 'd seen her and been damn relieved to have found her . 
 but now ... was her brother saying that another phoenix had been in that alley ? 
 sabine glanced at ryder from the corner of her eye . 
 `` was that another friend , sabine ? '' 
 rhett demanded . 
 `` another paranormal buddy that you picked up during your disappearance ? '' 
 her gaze held ryder 's . 
 `` i 'd never seen him before , but , yes ... '' now she looked back at her brother . 
 `` i think he may have been held at the same facility i was at . '' 
 rhett blinked . 
 `` held ? '' 
 behind him , louis swore . 
 she nodded . 
 her shoulder brushed against ryder 's . 
 his chest was n't hurting anymore . 
 the flesh was already starting to mend . 
 i want her blood . 
 nothing particularly new there . 
 he always wanted her . 
 `` i did n't leave willingly , '' she whispered . 
 her hands fisted by her sides . 
 `` i was taken , by a group called genesis . '' 
 `` those sobs on the news ? '' 
 the one who 'd been so trigger-happy before demanded . 
 she nodded . 
 `` yes , vaughn . 
 they kept me in their facility . 
 i only escaped a few days ago , thanks to ryder . '' 
 rhett 's gaze drifted between them . 
 measured . 
 `` i would n't be here without him , '' sabine said . 
 `` hell . '' 
 rhett dropped the stake . 
 it clattered to the floor . 
 `` why did they take you ? '' 
 vaughn demanded . 
 he pressed closer . 
 `` i saw the news-they were experimenting on paranormals . 
 not humans . 
 why the hell would they - '' `` it turns out that i was n't human . 
 not exactly . '' 
 sabine 's sigh was soft . 
 `` and they knew it . '' 
 vaughn shook his head . 
 `` son of a bitch . '' 
 exactly . 
 rhett kept a watchful gaze on his sister . 
 `` but genesis is gone now , right ? 
 you 're safe ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` i 'm safe . '' 
 her brother could n't seem to tell when sabine was lying . 
 odd . 
 ryder could tell instantly . 
 trying to protect the human , sabine ? 
 if she 'd wanted to protect him , she should have stayed the hell away from new orleans and her brother . 
 the scent of smoke drifted into the room . 
 ryder spun around , following that scent back to the broken door just as that door was tossed aside . 
 `` fire ! '' 
 it was the human he 'd sent outside . 
 douglas ? 
 `` there 's a fire in the bar ! '' 
 rhett swore and stormed right toward the growing smoke . 
 ryder did n't try to stop him , but he did grab for sabine when she tried to go after her brother . 
 the other humans rushed out , following the cries that had erupted from the bar patrons . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 sabine twisted in ryder 's grasp . 
 `` i have to help ! 
 this bar ... it 's everything to rhett . '' 
 no , it was n't . 
 `` you 're a vampire now , '' he reminded her , holding her tightly . 
 `` that means you burn too easily . 
 fire can kill you now . '' 
 she froze . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` and when it kills you , sabine , you wo n't be coming back . '' 
 there would be no more do-overs for her . 
 the cries grew louder . 
 the scent of the smoke thickened . 
 since she was n't fighting him any longer , ryder let her go . 
 she immediately ran for the broken door . 
 `` i have to help him ! '' 
 damn it . 
 he grabbed her and yanked her back-just as flames raced toward them . 
 the bar was turning into an inferno , burning far too fast . 
 that 's what happens when you light up a place filled with booze . 
 his gaze swept through the smoke and flames . 
 most of the humans had already gotten out . 
 they 'd broken through windows . 
 crashed through the front doors . 
 rhett was still there , trying to use an extinguisher to battle the fire that just kept rising . 
 `` i have to help him , '' sabine whispered . 
 no , what she had to do was get her sweet ass out of there . 
 ryder spun back around . 
 he kept his hold on sabine , knowing better than to make the same mistake twice . 
 the room they were in was about twenty feet long , and , hell , would n't it figure ? 
 no windows . 
 no exit doors . 
 and , just his luck , the room was filled with bottles of liquor . 
 the fire snaked inside the room with them . 
 he caught sabine 's chin . 
 `` we 're getting out of here . '' 
 because the place was about to combust . 
 `` you stay with me , got it ? '' 
 i 'm not losing you again . 
 `` not without rhett ! 
 i wo n't go without - '' the streaking fire had nearly reached the boxes and bottles of alcohol . 
 ryder pulled sabine from the storage room . 
 they leapt over flames , rushed over fallen tables . 
 the exit door was in sight . 
 big , gaping - `` help ! '' 
 and , yes , there was a human , yelling for help . 
 figured . 
 ryder tried to shove sabine toward the exit . 
 she shoved back-and rushed right toward that screaming human . 
 it was her brother . 
 he was on the ground , trapped beneath what looked like a big chunk of the ceiling . 
 the ceiling was falling now ? 
 talk about your bad days . 
 before she reached rhett , the wood around her brother began to burn . 
 he screamed in pain then , his face contorting as he burned . 
 ryder grabbed for sabine because he knew what she was going to do . 
 but she moved too fast . 
 she slipped away from him . 
 then she put her hands right on that burning wood and tossed it away from her brother . 
 tossed it away without so much as a blister appearing on her skin . 
 then she was reaching for her brother 's hand . 
 hauling him up . 
 holding him easily when the guy had to weigh over two hundred pounds . 
 ryder helped another human-the redhead , douglas-get toward the door . 
 they all stumbled out in a rush of smoke and flames . 
 humans were outside . 
 choking . 
 gasping . 
 staring with wide eyes and whispers as the rift burned . 
 his gaze swept the crowd . 
 this fire had started too suddenly . 
 erupted from nowhere . 
 burned and consumed . 
 one person in the crowd was n't staring at the inferno with shock and horror . 
 one person was n't covered with ash . 
 a man stood with a slight grin tilting the corners of his mouth . 
 his dark hair brushed over his shoulders and his eyes ... they burned . 
 another phoenix . 
 one who 'd followed her . 
 one who 'd just made a building burn down around her . 
 the bastard had a death wish . 
 the phoenix was turning away . 
 oh , the hell he was . 
 `` ryder ! '' 
 he realized that he 'd already started after the guy . 
 sabine had grabbed his arm , holding him now . 
 `` you ca n't , '' she whispered . 
 sure , he could . 
 `` if he 's like ... '' she shook her head . 
 `` you ca n't kill him , but he can kill you . '' 
 maybe . 
 maybe not . 
 but either way , no one was going to send out an attack like that against sabine . 
 `` see you soon , love , '' ryder whispered , and he brushed a kiss against her cheek . 
 she blinked and her lips parted in surprise . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 this time , he was the one to leave . 
 he pushed through the crowd and did n't flash his fangs . 
 not until he was away from the pack of humans . 
 then his fangs flashed and he started hunting . 
 following him was a mistake . 
 sabine knew she should have just gone with her brother . 
 gotten into the ambulance with him . 
 gone to the hospital . 
 tried to forget about her vampire lover and the crazy phoenix in town . 
 but there was no forgetting , and she was n't about to let ryder head off on a suicide mission . 
 she made sure rhett was all right . 
 minor burns , but he 'd make it . 
 the guy had suffered worse injuries on a casual saturday night . 
 bar fights were bitches . 
 then she raced after ryder . 
 as soon as she cleared the crowd , sabine started to move fast . 
 too fast for a human 's eyes to follow . 
 and she was n't even sure how the hell she did it . 
 vamp speed . 
 another reminder that her old life was very much over . 
 she rushed faster and faster , chasing after ryder . 
 she rounded a corner and - the narrow stretch of road before her was empty . 
 dying azaleas wilted on the northwest corner , but there was no sign of ryder . 
 she 'd been so sure that he 'd gone this way . 
 so very certain . 
 `` lose someone ? '' 
 not ryder 's voice . 
 the phoenix . 
 and his voice was coming from behind her . 
 slowly , sabine turned to face him . 
 he stood a few feet away , arms crossed over his chest , his body propped against the exterior brick wall of an abandoned house . 
 `` you set the fire , '' sabine charged . 
 because she was n't an idiot . 
 a phoenix was in town . 
 the rift had just burned . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` my brother could have died . '' 
 `` humans die every day . '' 
 the words were n't even the least bit concerned . 
 `` it 's kind of their thing . '' 
 his eyes sharpened on her with ... interest ? 
 curiosity ? 
 `` they are n't like us . '' 
 `` i 'm nothing like you . '' 
 she 'd never started a fire for the hell of it . 
 just to watch the bitch burn . 
 never had . 
 never would . 
 `` did you like the darkness ? '' 
 he whispered and he did n't look quite so relaxed then . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the only thing she 'd like right then would be to hurt this jerk . 
 if rhett had died in that blaze ... `` when you burned and you came back ... and all you knew was the fire and fury , did you like the way you felt ? '' 
 the wind blew over her skin , but it was n't a cooling touch . 
 in new orleans , the breeze was humid and hot , like a scorch on her flesh . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' she told him , making sure to keep her eyes on his . 
 she would n't let this guy see that she was afraid . 
 but if his senses were as acute as she suspected , then he could probably tell that truth , anyway . 
 `` pity . '' 
 now he seemed disappointed . 
 much less curious . 
 `` it 's been so long since i talked to another phoenix . 
 i 'd hoped you 'd be ... more . '' 
 sorry to disappoint you , jerk . 
 `` is that why you tossed some fire my way ? 
 to see just how much more i could be ? '' 
 he did n't answer , but he seemed to have stiffened . 
 his gaze darted over her shoulder . 
 she was n't going to make the mistake of turning and following his gaze . 
 the guy was probably just trying to trick her . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 sabine demanded . 
 `` you can call me dante . '' 
 `` why ... because you start your own inferno ? '' 
 she tossed right back . 
 a faint smile lifted his lips as he advanced toward her . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 his fingers brushed over her arm . 
 `` i do like the fire . '' 
 in the next instant , dante was yanked back and thrown to the ground . 
 one very pissed-off vampire stood over him . 
 `` do n't ever touch her again , '' ryder barked . 
 her breath came too fast . 
 fear could do that to a girl . 
 make her body tight and edgy . 
 make her breath pant out . 
 she 'd wondered where ryder went , and now she was sure glad he was back . 
 sabine began to inch toward him . 
 dante rose from the ground . 
 `` vampire . '' 
 ryder flashed his fangs . 
 `` do you honestly think you 're a match for someone like me ? '' 
 dante taunted . 
 the flames began to flicker in his eyes . 
 `` i could kill you in an instant . '' 
 `` then why do n't you just go ahead and give it your best shot ? '' 
 ryder invited , taking a step forward . 
 and dante did . 
 he leapt forward , his hand full of flames , and he shoved those flames right at ryder 's chest . 
 sabine screamed . 
 the ambulance sped down the road , rushing fast as its sirens screamed . 
 `` you 're gon na be all right , man , '' vaughn said as he leaned over rhett . 
 `` the burns are n't that bad at all . '' 
 yeah , but they still hurt like hell . 
 gritting his teeth , rhett glanced up at his friend . 
 `` where 's sabine ? '' 
 vaughn shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she was there with us one minute , gone the next . '' 
 son of a bitch . 
 `` i just got her back . '' 
 he tried to sit up . 
 an emt was swabbing some kind of gunk on his arms and hand . 
 the emt tried to push him back down . 
 rhett pushed right back up . 
 `` i know you did . '' 
 vaughn 's voice was soft . 
 `` but at least she 's in the city now . '' 
 in the city , but where ? 
 and with that vampire ? 
 vaughn looked toward the front of the ambulance , then he peered back at rhett . 
 `` things should n't have gone down like this . '' 
 the emt had finally backed the hell off . 
 `` tell me about it , '' rhett muttered . 
 `` my sister should n't be a damn vampire . '' 
 vaughn shook his head . 
 `` that 's not what i meant . '' 
 the guy 's voice was tight , heavy with tension . 
 the way he usually sounded when he was coming off an undercover mission . 
 only vaughn had transferred out of vice . 
 he was supposed to be working homicide now . 
 and ... vaughn had just pulled out his gun . 
 `` i never wanted to do this ... '' `` what the hell ? '' 
 why did vaughn have a gun out in the ambulance ? 
 `` but orders are orders . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 rhett started to fight the tubes and wires around him . 
 furious , the emt whirled to face vaughn . 
 `` you 're gon na have to help me hold - '' he broke off , eyes widening as he saw the gun . 
 then vaughn shot the guy . 
 ryder did n't burn . 
 sabine had raced forward and she grabbed for dante 's hand only to realize ... ryder 's shirt was on fire , yeah , but his skin was n't burning . 
 not even blistering . 
 `` i think that instant 's about up , '' ryder muttered . 
 dante 's eyes had widened . 
 his stare flew to her . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 what had she done ? 
 but then dante was the one screaming as ryder sank his teeth into the phoenix 's neck . 
 the two men were about the same size , both big , powerful . 
 only dante 's fire could n't seem to hurt ryder , but ryder 's bite ... oh yes , it was definitely hurting the phoenix . 
 blood streamed down dante 's neck . 
 it was n't a gentle bite . 
 no , it was brutal . 
 savage . 
 she put her hand to her mouth , horrified . 
 was this what she 'd become ? 
 `` ryder ... '' his name broke from her lips . 
 his head lifted and turned toward her . 
 blood dripped from his mouth . 
 monster . 
 she knew exactly what she was staring at . 
 ryder flinched . 
 he shook his head , as if lost or confused . 
 `` sabine ? '' 
 dante shoved him away . 
 `` fucking experiments . '' 
 was that all they were ? 
 dante put a hand to his throat , trying to stop the heavy blood flow . 
 `` i 'll kill you both . '' 
 a chilling promise . 
 `` no , '' ryder lifted his claws , `` but i 'm about to kill you . '' 
 `` police ! 
 freeze ! '' 
 a female voice shouted . 
 dante smirked , and he did n't freeze . 
 `` heard them coming , did n't you , vamp ? '' 
 fire blazed above his fingers . 
 `` i heard 'em , too , and thought we could play . '' 
 sabine spun to face the cops-three of them . 
 armed and running quickly down the narrow path . 
 `` get back ! '' 
 sabine yelled at them . 
 but the police had seen the blood . 
 they 'd seen the fire . 
 they were n't turning back . 
 not even when dante sent the fire right for them . 
 hell . 
 sabine ran for the cops , moving as fast as she could . 
 they started yelling for her to freeze , but if she stopped , they 'd die . 
 she did n't stop . 
 one of them fired at her . 
 she moved faster , faster ... another fired . 
 the bullets missed her because she was moving so fast . 
 vampire fast . 
 sabine tackled one cop . 
 felt the heat of flames dance over their bodies . 
 ryder hit the others . 
 they went down , hard enough for her to hear the crunch of bones . 
 the cops would all have plenty of bruises , but they 'd be alive . 
 the flames had passed over their bodies . 
 sabine grabbed the gun that the cop had been shooting at her with and tucked it into her waistband . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' she muttered . 
 the guy started to fight . 
 sabine bit her lip . 
 she did n't want to do this , but there was n't much choice . 
 she slammed his head into the cement . 
 his eyes rolled back , and he stopped fighting . 
 `` do n't worry , love , he 's not dead . '' 
 she hoped not . 
 she 'd been trying to save the guy . 
 she just had n't wanted to keep fighting him . 
 ryder snagged her hand . 
 `` come on . 
 dante 's already gone . '' 
 not surprising . 
 only smoke and fire were left in his wake . 
 but the cops would have called for backup , and sabine did n't exactly want to be huddled over those limp human bodies when said backup came rushing to the scene . 
 she let ryder pull her to her feet . 
 but then she took the lead . 
 this was her city , after all . 
 she led him through the twisting maze of streets and nook-tight corners that most would n't know about . 
 when they finally spilled out onto bourbon street , blending with the crowd was instant and far too easy . 
 ryder kept a hand curled around her waist , as if he was afraid that she was about to cut and run . 
 she had no plans to do that . 
 yet . 
 she needed to figure out just what the hell was going on . 
 but getting a nice , alone-time spot for a chat was n't gon na happen right then . 
 sabine turned and wrapped her arms around ryder . 
 he stiffened for an instant , but then immediately pulled her closer as they pushed toward the outside of a bar . 
 his hands curled around her waist . 
 seemed to brand her . 
 sabine breathed slowly , too aware of him then . 
 and , um , yes , the guy was aware of her , too . 
 she could feel that awareness pushing against her and getting larger by the moment . 
 she wet her lips , not in preparation for a kiss , really , and leaned up on her toes to ask , `` were we followed ? '' 
 ryder gave a small negative shake of his head . 
 that was something . 
 `` i have to get to the hospital . 
 i need to see about rhett . '' 
 `` every time you get close to him , you just put him at risk . '' 
 his mouth was inches from hers . 
 to others , they 'd look like embracing lovers . 
 is n't that what we are ? 
 `` you should n't have come back here , '' he said , voice and eyes hardening . 
 `` i told you to stay away . 
 you 're not the same any longer . 
 your family ... '' his jaw locked . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but they are n't safe with you around them . '' 
 he could have just taken a dull knife and hacked into her heart . 
 it would have hurt a lot less . 
 she glanced down at his shirt . 
 burned . 
 blackened . 
 but his chest was unmarred . 
 `` what 's happening to you ? 
 to me ? '' 
 looking up , she saw that his gaze held so many secrets . 
 she was tired of secrets . 
 `` you need to trust me , '' he said . 
 sabine did n't answer . 
 `` you trusted me to get you out of genesis . '' 
 yes , she had . 
 but it had n't exactly been as if she had tons of options then . 
 `` trust me now . 
 do n't run from me again . 
 stay with me . 
 let me help you . '' 
 his hands tightened on her waist . 
 `` the hunger , the bloodlust will hit you soon . 
 if you 're not careful , the first time you feed , you may lose control . 
 i 've dealt with bloodlust longer than you can imagine . 
 when it comes to being a vampire , i 'm a f ** king expert . '' 
 someone jostled her from behind . 
 a mumbled sorry drifted to her even as ryder snapped , `` watch it ! '' 
 she ignored the jostle . 
 `` i ca n't talk about this , not here , not - '' he glanced away from her . 
 looked up the street . 
 to the left . 
 the right . 
 then his eyes narrowed . 
 `` i know a place . '' 
 uh , was n't that supposed to be her line ? 
 but now he was leading and she was following and she was tired and ... and a dull hunger was starting to gnaw at her . 
 blood ? 
 i do n't want blood . 
 i do n't ever want to drink blood . 
 then ryder was pausing in front of a small bar , one with dark windows and throbbing music . 
 twisting letters said the place was called bran , and there was what looked like the top of a castle sketched beneath that name . 
 a bouncer stood in front of the door , and the guy did n't seem to be letting anyone in . 
 he was a bear of a man , covered in tats and piercings , and he snarled at the folks dumb enough to head toward him . 
 ryder headed right for him . 
 and , yes , the guy stopped snarling . 
 `` we 're here for a drink , '' ryder said . 
 the bouncer cast a suspicious glance her way . 
 `` we 're both here for the drink . '' 
 ryder 's tone snapped now . 
 obviously he was getting annoyed . 
 sabine shifted from her left foot to her right . 
 the bar was n't on bourbon street . 
 technically it was off just one street to the side , but despite its close proximity to the infamous party street , sabine had never been to that bar , not in all of her years in new orleans . 
 in fact , the place kind of looked like a hellhole . 
 not exactly inviting and - the bouncer opened the door for them . 
 the interior was so dark . 
 too dark . 
 she squinted . 
 `` give it a minute , '' ryder advised her . 
 `` your eyes will adjust . 
 you just are n't used to your vamp senses yet . '' 
 um , okay . 
 she blinked a few times . 
 then everything seemed to sharpen and brighten . 
 she saw the tables . 
 men . 
 women . 
 saw the bar . 
 saw the ... blood being served ? 
 she grabbed his arm and dug her nails into his flesh . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 the guy had just steered her right into a vampire bar . 
 he pried her nails out of his arm and led her across the room . 
 `` because this place is mine . '' 
 the bartender stiffened when she got a glimpse of ryder 's face . 
 she was fumbling now , hurriedly filling two glasses with red liquid , and she quickly put them in front of two empty seats at the bar . 
 `` s-sir ... '' he nodded his thanks , but then waved her away . 
 sabine 's gaze darted around the bar . 
 `` are they all ... ? '' 
 `` they 're just like us . '' 
 there was a snap in his voice . 
 not like me . 
 she swallowed back the words . 
 she had n't exactly gotten used to the whole i 'm - a-vampire bit . 
 `` h-how do they know to come here ? '' 
 the place was a vamp bar . 
 got it . 
 but did the vamps all spread some kind of secret code on the internet ? 
 telling each other where the blood bars were in the united states ? 
 `` how did they know they could get blood here ? '' 
 because vamps were out of their closets-coffins-sure , but she 'd never heard of a place like this . 
 it sure had n't been featured on any news shows . 
 `` the name told them what it was . '' 
 bran ? 
 his fingers wrapped around the blood-filled glass , but he did n't drink . 
 `` do n't know much about dracula , do you ? '' 
 not exactly her area of expertise , no . 
 `` some folks believe that dracula 's castle was originally called bran 's castle . '' 
 his lips quirked . 
 `` and that 's the name of this place , too . '' 
 so he 'd named his bar after dracula 's house . 
 was that supposed to be some kind of in-vamp joke ? 
 no wonder the vamps were flocking inside . 
 the bartender came back , nervously tucking a long lock of blond hair behind her ears . 
 her nails , painted a bright red , tapped on the marble bartop . 
 `` we thought ... a lot of us thought you were dead . '' 
 ryder just stared back at her . 
 `` then i guess word is about to spread that i 'm back . '' 
 the blonde looked scared . 
 of her boss ? 
 sabine glanced back at ryder . 
 his handsome face was hard . 
 his fangs were flashing . 
 and his eyes ... she 'd never seen them so cold . 
 usually , his eyes were bright . 
 glinting . 
 not icy . 
 his grip tightened on the glass , and a faint crack appeared , running up the side . 
 the blonde 's attention shifted to sabine . 
 `` you do n't want the blood ? '' 
 no , actually , the sight of it was making her nauseous . 
 before she could speak , ryder snagged her fingers . 
 brought her hand to his lips . 
 `` sabine drinks from me . '' 
 the chick 's eyes almost doubled then . 
 `` y-you let ... '' ryder shoved the glass away . 
 `` and i drink from her . '' 
 then he was rising and heading for a narrow , wooden staircase in the back . 
 when sabine put her foot on the first stair , it gave a long , low groan . 
 she felt a dozen eyes on her back , but she refused to look over her shoulder . 
 so they had the attention of every vamp in the place . 
 so what ? 
 the way she figured it , this was a safe house , of sorts . 
 she did n't have to worry about genesis here . 
 or about dante . 
 the stairs kept creaking as they headed upstairs . 
 then they entered a small apartment , and ryder locked the door behind them . 
 `` it wo n't be long now , '' he said . 
 she rubbed a hand over her aching forehead . 
 `` until what ? '' 
 `` until we see which vamps want to try to kill us . '' 
 hell . 
 so much for safe . 
 chapter twelve she had n't fed . 
 ryder paced the apartment , casting worried glances at sabine . 
 he 'd yanked off his shirt , what was left of it , and tossed the fabric in the trash . 
 anger hummed through him , no , rage , but he was doing his best to hold on to his control . 
 for now . 
 for her . 
 `` promise you wo n't leave me again . '' 
 the words were an order . 
 he probably should have tried to soften them . 
 then she shook her head , and he realized he should n't be going easy at all . 
 his back teeth snapped together , and he stalked toward her . 
 `` you need me . '' 
 she blinked those gorgeous , dark eyes of hers . 
 `` how do you know what i need ? '' 
 insane . 
 that was what she wanted him to be . 
 he put his hands on the wall behind her , caging her between his arms . 
 `` you 're a freshly turned vamp , love . 
 you might as well be a newborn . '' 
 her eyes narrowed at that . 
 `` did you just call me a child ? '' 
 no , he 'd called her a newborn . 
 even a child was n't totally helpless . 
 `` when the bloodlust hits you , you 'll - '' `` but the bloodlust has n't hit me , '' she fired back at him . 
 `` it 's been days since my so-called turning , and i 'm doing just fine holding on to my control . '' 
 his head tilted as he studied her . 
 he could see the pulse racing at the base of her neck . 
 drink . 
 he 'd been injured , attacked . 
 lost a lot of blood . 
 sure , his wounds had closed . 
 he was an ancient vamp , they 'd better close , but even though his body had healed , the craving was still within him . 
 i need her blood . 
 so he 'd lied to her . 
 she was n't the one who needed him . 
 he needed her . 
 without her , the hunger would tear him apart . 
 he wanted to put his mouth on that racing pulse . 
 wanted to bite . 
 but she did n't ? 
 `` you fed when you left me . '' 
 the only explanation . 
 had she killed ? 
 not that it mattered to him . 
 sabine shook her head . 
 and she just confused him more . 
 `` you 've had no blood , no human food at all ? '' 
 she had to take some kind of sustenance . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i ate something at a diner . '' 
 he did n't let the shock show on his face . 
 vampires were n't supposed to be able to ingest human food . 
 `` i did n't eat much , '' she muttered . 
 `` i just was n't hungry . '' 
 what in the hell was happening ? 
 he 'd felt her fangs before . 
 once . 
 but he had n't seen any sign of them since the moment of her transformation . 
 he leaned in closer . 
 she tensed . 
 ryder let his brows rise . 
 `` are you afraid of me , sabine ? '' 
 her breath whispered out . 
 `` what you said before , it 's true , is n't it ? '' 
 bite her . 
 `` you do-you want my blood . '' 
 `` love , i 'm starving for it . '' 
 other blood just did n't satisfy him . 
 other blood made the craving for her even more intense . 
 her hands rose and pressed lightly against his chest . 
 not pushing him away , not yet . 
 `` if i let you drink from me , then i want you to help me make sure that rhett 's all right . 
 i have to know that my family 's safe . '' 
 trying to make another bargain with him ? 
 fine . 
 but he would have checked on her brother with or without the promise of her delicious blood . 
 those who mattered to sabine , well , they mattered to him , too . 
 `` what is it that you want me to do ? '' 
 her gaze held his . 
 `` i want you to make sure ... anyone after them ... i want you to stop anyone who tries to hurt them . '' 
 easy enough . 
 death was always easy for him . 
 `` and you 're so sure i can ? '' 
 `` you 're the strongest paranormal i know . 
 even a phoenix 's fire could n't hurt you . '' 
 her eyes searched his . 
 `` how was that even possible ? '' 
 because of you . 
 he knew that truth , even if she did n't . 
 he 'd taken her blood , again and again , and somehow that blood had given him immunity against a phoenix 's fire . 
 perhaps it had even been like taking inoculations . 
 maybe wyatt had planned for him to develop that immunity . 
 maybe that had been the reason wyatt first brought sabine to his cell . 
 the man had created a vampire impervious to the fire . 
 transformation , not birth . 
 the reason did n't really matter to ryder . 
 fire had been one of the few means of killing him . 
 cross that one off the list . 
 now his enemies would have an even harder time forcing him from this earth . 
 `` why does n't the fire hurt you ? '' 
 sabine pressed . 
 `` because maybe i like the burn . '' 
 and instead of putting his mouth on her throat , he took her lips . 
 her sensual lips were parted slightly , open just enough for his tongue to push inside and taste her . 
 mine . 
 every muscle in his body tightened at that first taste . 
 not sweet , but rich . 
 decadent . 
 drugging . 
 her tongue slid over his and a small moan built in her throat . 
 the sound was sexy as all hell . 
 yeah , he 'd tracked her across four states . 
 gone nearly mad on that hunt . 
 she obsessed him . 
 every moment , he thought of her . 
 a dangerous situation , for them both . 
 her lips opened wider . 
 the kiss grew harder . 
 more demanding . 
 her body was soft and lush against his . 
 she made a faint moan in the back of her throat , a sound that increased his wild desire . 
 his tongue thrust into her mouth . 
 his hands locked around her hips . 
 he pulled her closer . 
 he could n't get close enough . 
 there were two things that vampires loved in this world . 
 blood and sex . 
 and if you could have both at the same time ... lucky f ** king day . 
 but she pulled her mouth from his . 
 turned her head away . 
 `` my ... brother ... '' his breath was panting . 
 she wanted to talk about her brother then ? 
 `` make sure ... he 's okay . '' 
 son of a - snarling , he leapt away from her . 
 ryder yanked open the door and bellowed , `` grayson ! '' 
 he knew the other vampire would be there . 
 when sabine had left him , ryder had contacted the other vamp . 
 briefed him on genesis , sabine , and the betrayal that had taken place in the vampire coven . 
 new orleans was grayson 's territory , a territory assigned by ryder , and since grayson was the one vamp that he actually trusted at that moment ... grayson 's dark head appeared as he went up the stairs . 
 well , it was good to have the guy watching his back . 
 with the hell that was headed his way , ryder knew he could use that . 
 ryder 's knuckles whitened around the door frame . 
 `` sabine 's brother was taken to the hospital . '' 
 hell , he did n't even know which one . 
 `` find him . 
 make sure he stays alive . '' 
 those had actually been the orders that ryder had given to grayson before he 'd found sabine in that alley . 
 while he 'd rushed to new orleans , grayson had been his eyes and ears in the city . 
 grayson had played guard dog to the human , rhett . 
 because ryder had known that sabine was going after him . 
 grayson gave a slow nod . 
 his dark gaze darted over ryder 's shoulder . 
 he knew sabine was standing there . 
 the wooden floor had creaked beneath her feet and her lush scent teased his nose . 
 `` so you got what you were looking for ? '' 
 grayson asked , lifting a brow . 
 faint amusement had his lips quirking . 
 `` not yet , '' ryder muttered . 
 `` but soon i will . '' 
 as soon as she was under him . 
 as soon as his teeth were in her neck . 
 he spun back around , slamming the door with his heel , and grabbing her in one fast flash . 
 two steps , and they were on the bed . 
 two seconds , and she was naked . 
 `` your brother 's safe . '' 
 now she could focus on the heat between them . 
 he could focus on her . 
 he needed her blood . 
 his fangs were burning , the hunger for her blood seeming to tear him apart . 
 his fingers slid over her throat . 
 her pulse raced beneath his touch . 
 throbbed . 
 the blood so close . 
 `` go ahead , '' she whispered . 
 but he was caught by her eyes . 
 she 'd stared at him with fear the first time they 'd met . 
 he 'd hurt her then . 
 he never wanted to hurt her again . 
 so as much as he wanted to bury his fangs into her and drink and drink ... he wanted her pleasure more . 
 his fingers slowly slid down her body . 
 sabine stiffened . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 `` shh ... i missed you . '' 
 a confession from deep within . 
 when was the last time that he 'd missed anything or anyone ? 
 he could n't remember . 
 only her . 
 she made him feel , yearn , as no one else did . 
 as no one else could . 
 taking her blood that first time-it had been as if he 'd awakened with those precious drops . 
 life was n't cold and dark any longer . 
 the world was on fire around him , and she made him long for those flames . 
 he bent his head . 
 his fingers trailed over her breast , teasing the nipple . 
 take , take . 
 but he kept his touch light . 
 his fingers stroked her . 
 he licked her flesh . 
 loved the way her nipple tightened as she arched beneath him . 
 he sucked her breast , her f ** king perfect br ** sts . 
 small but round , with delicious pink ni ** les . 
 his hand eased over the curve of her stomach . 
 down between her legs . 
 she was so soft and warm and wet . 
 he licked his way to her other breast . 
 she was shaking beneath him now , little trembles of arousal , and her nails were digging into his back . 
 he liked her claws . 
 her legs parted more , giving him better access to the flesh he craved . 
 he pushed his index finger inside her . 
 sabine 's delicate inner muscles clenched down on him . 
 holding on so tight . 
 his muscles were locked . 
 every instinct he had was screaming for him to bite , to thrust , to claim her . 
 he fought those instincts . 
 she needed pleasure . 
 not pain . 
 only pleasure . 
 his finger slid out of her . 
 pressed back inside . 
 his thumb pushed against her clit . 
 ryder found a rhythm that he knew she 'd like , one not too fast , one sure-as-hell not too slow . 
 again and again , his hand caressed her warm sex . 
 her h * ps moved against him . 
 `` more , ryder , more ! '' 
 if she wanted more ... he lifted his head . 
 stared down at her . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 he realized he was probably looking at her like he wanted to devour her . 
 i do . 
 he pulled his hand from her sex . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i was n't - '' his hands curved around her thighs . 
 he spread her legs , holding her so that he could have the total access that he wanted . 
 then he put his mouth on her . 
 her blood was sweet . 
 but this , hell , nothing was this good . 
 he heard her choked scream . 
 felt the ripple of her release as he tasted her . 
 he did n't stop . 
 he licked . 
 kissed . 
 stroked with his mouth and tongue . 
 and he could taste her pleasure . 
 only pleasure . 
 her breath was panting when he rose . 
 her eyes blind with pleasure . 
 he positioned his c ** k at the entrance of her body . 
 slid deep into her with one powerful surge . 
 her sex still rippled with aftershocks of pleasure , and those little shivers of her inner muscles worked up and down the length of his cock . 
 her arms wrapped around him . 
 sabine pulled him close . 
 held him tight . 
 her head turned to the left , baring her neck . 
 `` bite me , '' she whispered . 
 he was n't strong enough to resist that invitation . 
 his fangs pierced her throat . 
 blood-her blood ! 
 - trickled onto his tongue . 
 ryder 's control shattered . 
 his thrusts were n't easy . 
 not gentle . 
 his h * ps pistoned against her as he thrust harder , deeper . 
 her hands wrapped around his shoulders even as her legs rose to lock around his hips . 
 she whispered , `` harder . '' 
 and he did n't know if she meant the bite or - ryder drove into her . 
 faster . 
 deeper . 
 her blood filled him , sending a surge of power through every cell of his body . 
 drinking her blood was like getting plugged into a power outlet . 
 straight energy . 
 straight f ** king magic . 
 she stiffened beneath him , and her sex clenched around his cock . 
 yes . 
 he pulled back , wanting to see the pleasure on her face once more . 
 and when his head lifted , he saw that her lips were parted , her eyes squeezed shut , and-and small fangs were peeking out from behind her lips . 
 his c ** k swelled even more . 
 `` bite me , '' he ordered . 
 he wanted her to have his blood . 
 wanted anything that would strengthen the ties between them . 
 was it fair to her ? 
 hell , no . 
 but he was n't interested in fair . 
 he was taking the one thing in this world that mattered to him . 
 `` bite me , sabine , '' he snarled . 
 but she was lost to the pleasure . 
 he could see it . 
 and his own cl ** ax was so close . 
 he caught the back of her head . 
 tilted her so that her mouth was right over his throat . 
 she just needed to feel the pulse of his blood . 
 her vampire instincts would do the rest . 
 `` you 're hungry , love , '' he rasped . 
 her teeth scraped lightly over his flesh . 
 `` let me give you what you need . '' 
 he pushed into her . 
 so slick . 
 so tight . 
 he drove down again , making sure to push his c ** k over her cl * t before he sank balls-deep in her sex . 
 she gasped and her teeth bit into him . 
 yes . 
 pleasure erupted . 
 no other word . 
 like a volcano , burning , blasting away everything else . 
 her mouth moved lightly on his neck . 
 lips . 
 tongue . 
 those teeth sinking into him ... his c ** k jerked as he emptied into her core . 
 the orgasm was the strongest one he 'd ever had . 
 and it went on and on and on , sending hard pulses of sensation-too intense to just be called pleasure-through him . 
 he held her tight . 
 held her as close as he could get . 
 when her mouth finally pulled from his neck , when sabine eased back to look up at him with dazed eyes , he knew he 'd found the one person he 'd been looking for all those long centuries . 
 ryder also knew that he 'd destroy anyone or anything that ever tried to take her from him . 
 mine . 
 he did n't know if wyatt had done something with his experiments to force the intense connection that he felt with her . 
 maybe the mad scientist had linked them somehow . 
 ryder did n't care about how he 'd come to be linked to her . 
 he pushed into sabine . 
 saw her pupils widen . 
 he only cared that he had her . 
 beneath him . 
 with him . 
 he had such plans for her . 
 this was just the start for them . 
 he forced himself to release her because ryder knew he held her too tight . 
 his hands flattened on either side of her body , sinking into the mattress , and he pushed up so that he would n't crush her . 
 her gaze met his . 
 she stared up at him with shock . 
 `` what did i ... ? '' 
 he did n't speak . 
 just waited for the truth to sink in . 
 when a tear slid down her cheek , he felt like she 'd just cut out his heart . 
 been there , done that before . 
 but this time , it hurt more than when his brother had shoved that heavy sword into his heart . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 her lips pressed together . 
 pleasure still had his body replete , but tension , fear-because of his worry for her-sent a chill through him . 
 `` it 's your nature . '' 
 if sex had n't made her bloodlust come out , nothing would have . 
 `` when you f ** k ... '' she flinched beneath him . 
 `` you feed , '' he finished quietly . 
 her hands pushed against his chest . 
 `` you need to know that your after-sex pillow talk sucks . '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` uh ... '' he had n't exactly had to worry about pillow talk . 
 he did n't usually make conversation with the women he screwed . 
 she 's not a woman i screwed . 
 she 's ... sabine . 
 `` let me go , '' she whispered , blinking quickly . 
 `` i ca n't - '' footsteps were pounding up the staircase . 
 he heard them , coming too fast , and rolled away from her . 
 she scrambled for her clothes , looking rumpled and sexy , and the last thing he wanted to do was leave her . 
 but a threat was coming . 
 he yanked on his jeans . 
 rushed for the door even as the wooden frame shook beneath the blow of a powerful fist . 
 ryder yanked open the door . 
 grayson stared back at him . 
 `` problem , '' the other vampire snapped . 
 his gaze cut to ryder 's right . 
 the floor creaked beneath sabine 's footsteps . 
 `` her brother did n't show up at st. mary 's hospital . '' 
 `` wh-what ? '' 
 sabine asked , pushing past ryder . 
 she was mussed , flushed , and smelled of sex . 
 grayson 's nostrils widened . 
 he licked his lips , and his gaze drifted over her . 
 locking his back teeth , ryder stepped forward and shoved his only friend back . 
 `` where 's her brother ? '' 
 grayson blinked and shook his head . 
 the guy had always had too big of a weakness where the ladies were concerned . 
 `` the ambulance ... it crashed . 
 the driver was unconscious , the other emt was shot . '' 
 `` shot ? '' 
 sabine repeated , voice rising . 
 `` there was no sign of the human at the scene . '' 
 `` it 's genesis , '' she whispered , her breath coming faster . 
 `` that woman ... she told me they 'd kill my brother . 
 if i did n't do what they wanted - '' she tried to rush into the hallway . 
 ryder grabbed her hand and pulled her right back to his side . 
 `` you do n't know it 's them . '' 
 was she forgetting about that jerk dante ? 
 and there were other enemies , enemies she did n't even know about yet . 
 my enemies . 
 enemies who would target her because they knew ... i want her . 
 his enemies had finally found his weakness , and they would use her if they had the chance . 
 `` let me go , ryder , '' she gritted as she tried to twist her hand out of his grasp . 
 when he did n't let her go , sabine 's skin began to warm beneath his touch . 
 impossible . 
 her eyes were still dark brown . 
 showing no flames . 
 only fear and fury . 
 `` where will you go ? '' 
 he asked her , and ryder damn well did n't let her go . 
 `` to your parents ? 
 will you rush to them and place them in danger , too ? '' 
 `` are n't they already in danger ? '' 
 sabine whispered , voice tight with pain . 
 `` because of me ? '' 
 they were . 
 humans were always too vulnerable . 
 too easily hurt . 
 too easily killed . 
 `` i have to warn them , '' she said as her shoulders straightened . 
 fine . 
 she could warn them . 
 then he 'd get them out of the country until his battles were done . 
 ryder nodded slowly . 
 `` i 'm coming with you . '' 
 because she could be walking straight into another trap . 
 he knew grayson watched them far too closely . 
 he turned toward his friend . 
 `` find her brother . '' 
 tracks were always left behind . 
 when it came to following a blood trail , grayson was second only to ryder . 
 grayson nodded . 
 his gaze swept over sabine once more . 
 friend or no friend , if his stare lingered much longer , he was going to get clawed . 
 but , wisely , grayson turned and headed back down the stairs . 
 sabine hesitated . 
 `` will he find rhett ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 but find him alive ... maybe not . 
 `` do n't tell my parents what i am , '' she said , swallowing . 
 rage hummed beneath his skin . 
 `` ashamed ? '' 
 the public knew about vampires . 
 they were n't just a myth any longer . 
 some humans loved the idea of becoming immortal . 
 some were all too eager to offer up their blood to a vamp . 
 but some thought vamps were abominations . 
 that they needed to be sent straight to hell . 
 she did n't speak . 
 just stared up at him . 
 his lips twisted . 
 `` there 's no point in hating what you are . '' 
 what he 'd made her . 
 a sliver of what could have been guilt pierced his gut . 
 she did n't want to burn again . 
 she begged for my help . 
 only he was starting to wonder ... was she fully a vampire ? 
 or by giving her his blood , by forcing all of those exchanges between them , had he made her into something else entirely ? 
 transformation , not birth . 
 he had to find out for certain . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she whispered back even as she pulled away from him and headed down the stairs . 
 `` do n't you hate what you are ? '' 
 her words surprised him . 
 `` no , love , i do n't hate what i am . '' 
 why would she believe that ? 
 frowning , sabine glanced back at him . 
 he smiled , knowing his fangs would look sharp and deadly . 
 `` i love being the monster in the room . '' 
 he 'd never been one of those fools who railed against the gift of immortality . 
 he had power . 
 strength that humans could only wish to possess . 
 why bitch and moan about that ? 
 why consider vampirism a curse when it could be a blessing ? 
 as her frown deepened , a faint furrow appeared between her brows . 
 `` soon you 'll love the power just as much as i do , '' he promised her . 
 she just had to stop thinking like a human . 
 she was n't prey any longer . 
 she was the predator . 
 at the top of the food chain . 
 and now it was time for anyone hunting her to realize just how powerful sabine had become . 
 he was tied to a chair . 
 bound hand and foot with thick , rough ropes . 
 rhett jerked against his bonds , twisting and trying to break free . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 dim light spilled across the room . 
 an old , dust-filled room that looked like it had to be in some abandoned building . 
 the small bit of light came from a lantern , the kind you used when you went camping . 
 the kind vaughn usually took when they went out into the swamp . 
 and vaughn-that crazy jerk rhett had mistakenly thought was his friend-was standing against the right wall , holding a gun in his hand . 
 vaughn 's jaw tightened as he stared back at rhett . 
 `` your sister ... she 's not the same anymore . '' 
 turns out i 'm not exactly human . 
 sabine 's soft words drifted through rhett 's mind . 
 the fire had erupted before he 'd been able to question her more , but she 'd been wrong . 
 she was the same . 
 she was his sister . 
 he 'd been by her side when she learned how to ride a bike without training wheels . 
 he 'd been there the day she broke her arm because she 'd tried to follow him up old man lawson 's oak tree . 
 he 'd been there when that handsy jerk johnny had tried to get past first base with - `` did you ever wonder about sabine 's birth parents ? '' 
 vaughn asked him . 
 the gun 's barrel was pointed at the ground , not at rhett . 
 at least , it was n't pointed at him yet . 
 rhett shook his head and jerked harder against the ropes . 
 `` why should i care about them ? 
 sabine 's my sister . 
 we 've got great parents , we do n't need - '' `` her birth parents knew they had a monster on their hands . '' 
 rhett froze , then he snapped , `` watch that mouth , vaughn . '' 
 gun or no gun , no one talked about his sister that way . 
 `` so they got rid of her . 
 they dumped her in the river . '' 
 sabine had been found in a river , barely alive . 
 everyone had been stunned to find such a small child alive in that dark water . 
 she was called sabine because that was where she was found . 
 in sabine river . 
 his dad had been one of the first responders on the scene . 
 he 'd taken care of the little girl . 
 loved her . 
 moved heaven and hell to get her brought into his home . 
 `` i guess they hoped the water could kill her , but she was too strong . '' 
 vaughn gave a sad shake of his head . 
 `` now she 's even stronger . '' 
 `` get me out of these ropes ! '' 
 rhett yelled . 
 his burns hurt like a bitch , and the ropes just cut right into the blisters , making the wounds throb and ache even more . 
 vaughn shook his head again . 
 `` you do n't understand what 's happening . 
 and i wish i could have told you . 
 i wish i could have warned you - '' warned me about my own sister ? 
 `` you 're a cop ! '' 
 the guy should n't need the reminder . 
 `` this shit is illegal . 
 you do n't kidnap your friends ! '' 
 you do n't tie them up . 
 you damn well do n't pull a gun on them . 
 vaughn lifted his hand . 
 the gun looked way too comfortable in the guy 's grip . 
 `` you do n't get it . 
 you 're lucky you are n't dead already . '' 
 rhett 's heart slammed into his chest . 
 `` she 's going to come for you . 
 when she does ... '' vaughn sighed , a long , low sound . 
 `` i 'm sorry , man . '' 
 `` you 're sorry ? '' 
 rhett heaved against those ropes . 
 screw the pain , he 'd keep struggling until his body was a bloody mess . 
 `` if you 're sorry , then let me the f ** k go ! '' 
 `` i liked her , you know ? '' 
 vaughn 's voice dropped . 
 `` when we were kids , i did n't know the truth , either . '' 
 he tucked the gun into the holster on his hip . 
 `` but some people are too dangerous to walk the earth . 
 times have changed . 
 we ca n't let the supernaturals take over . '' 
 i 'm not exactly human . 
 he strained against the ropes . 
 he could feel his own blood dripping behind him . 
 `` you hurt my sister , and i 'll kill you . '' 
 it was n't an empty threat . 
 rhett did n't make empty threats . 
 he 'd get out of there , sooner or later , and if vaughn hurt sabine , the guy would die . 
 but vaughn 's eyes had narrowed . 
 `` you have it wrong . 
 if i do n't stop her , then you 're the one who 'll be dead . '' 
 then vaughn stalked forward and grabbed the lantern . 
 he took it and its small light from the room . 
 rhett yelled after him , calling out again and again , but vaughn did n't look back . 
 and soon rhett was alone in the dark , with his blood slowly soaking the thick rope . 
 chapter thirteen sabine nervously shifted from her left foot to her right . 
 the house before her was just as she remembered . 
 tall , brick , with a long wraparound porch . 
 big bay windows . 
 withering azaleas in the front yard . 
 no matter how hard her mom tried , those azaleas never did live long enough . 
 the house was dark . 
 figured , since it had to be close to 3 a.m. . 
 her heart ached at the sight of the house . 
 she 'd grown up there . 
 broken her arm at the house just across the street when she 'd tried to climb that big , damn oak tree . 
 i wanted to be like rhett . 
 he 'd climbed that tree , zipped up it in about two seconds . 
 she 'd wanted to do just what her brother could do . 
 he 'd been her hero then . 
 i 'll find you , rhett . 
 i 'll stop this nightmare . 
 somehow . 
 but first she had to get her parents to safety . 
 sabine glanced over her shoulder . 
 darkness stared back at her . 
 easing out a careful breath , she looked to her side and asked ryder , `` what if we were followed ? '' 
 `` their address is in the phone book . 
 anyone coming after you already knows where they live . 
 they would n't have to follow us . 
 they could just come up and kill them anytime . '' 
 she flinched . 
 leave it to ryder not to bother sugarcoating things for her . 
 she was n't even sure if the guy understood the concept of sugarcoating . 
 her gaze returned to the house and its dark windows . 
 be alive . 
 the house was so quiet . 
 she should have come here sooner . 
 she 'd just been afraid to face her parents . 
 she could n't afford fear any longer . 
 sabine hurried up to the front door . 
 she did n't bother knocking . 
 the spare key was hidden under the loose brick near the bottom of the front door . 
 she pulled the brick out and grabbed the key . 
 in seconds , the front door was swinging open , and the alarm was beeping . 
 but she punched in the alarm code digits as quickly as she could and - the lights flooded on . 
 sabine spun around and saw the long barrel of a shotgun staring back at her . 
 `` sabine ? '' 
 it was her dad . 
 his hair stuck out in a dozen different angles . 
 his old lsu shirt hung faded and loose around him . 
 he blinked , as if stunned to see her . 
 then he lowered the gun and grabbed her in a hug that stole her breath . 
 he and rhett had always hugged her too hard . 
 `` i missed you , dad , '' she whispered , holding him just as tightly . 
 his body shook against hers . 
 `` i knew you 'd come back home . '' 
 so confident , but the words quivered . 
 then he pulled back a few inches to stare down at her . 
 his gaze swept over her face , not seeming to miss any detail . 
 she studied him in turn , noticing the new gray in his hair and the lines that appeared deeper on his face . 
 after a moment , her father glanced over at ryder . 
 she caught the faint narrowing his eyes . 
 `` vampire , huh ? '' 
 the cool response was the last thing she 'd expected . 
 `` how can you tell ? '' 
 `` because i used to be a hunter , of sorts . '' 
 he pulled sabine to his left side . 
 his head cocked as he continued to study ryder . 
 `` your man there probably does n't remember me , but i even went after him once . '' 
 shock held her immobile . 
 her father ? 
 a hunter ? 
 ryder stood in front of the closed door . 
 he shrugged as his gaze swept over her father . 
 `` i ... remember your face . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` you should be grateful that i let you live . '' 
 ryder knew her father ? 
 that was just weird . 
 her father lifted the shotgun . 
 aimed the barrel at ryder . 
 `` and maybe you should be grateful that i let you live . '' 
 a hard pause , then , `` now you tell me , was that a mistake , vampire ? '' 
 ryder smiled , showing his sharp fangs . 
 `` all along , you knew what she was . '' 
 the ticking of the clock in the den seemed too loud . 
 sabine 's hand tightened around her dad 's arm . 
 `` where 's mom ? '' 
 `` somewhere safe . '' 
 a fast response . 
 again , not what she 'd expected . 
 sabine studied her father with new eyes . 
 he 'd hunted vampires . 
 hunted ryder . 
 but he 'd never once mentioned anything about supernaturals to her while she was growing up . 
 heck , when the vamps had started making headlines , he 'd acted as shocked as the rest of their neighbors . 
 he was an ex-emt turned college professor . 
 he spent his days digging up archaeology sites and ... digging up vampires ? 
 `` why did n't you tell her the truth ? '' 
 ryder asked , his voice flat and hard . 
 `` why did you let her think she was just like everyone else ? '' 
 `` my girl is just like everyone else . '' 
 now her dad sounded pissed . 
 `` rhett thought i was dead . '' 
 the words were pushed past her numb lips . 
 `` you ... did n't , though , did you , dad ? '' 
 this was n't exactly the homecoming she 'd anticipated . 
 she 'd thought he 'd be shocked , horrified . 
 her gaze darted to the mantle . 
 thick , wooden spears hung over the fireplace . 
 souvenirs-so she 'd always thought-from one of her father 's trips to africa . 
 `` yes , love , '' ryder said softly , his gaze following hers , `` those have been used to stake vamps . '' 
 she felt as if she were seeing her father-seeing him clearly-for the first time in her life . 
 `` sometimes , the only good vamp is a vamp with a stake in his heart , '' her father muttered , `` and , just so you know , i 've got wooden bullets in this gun . '' 
 her breath rushed out as she left his side . 
 sabine took a few stumbling steps forward , and then she turned and placed her body right in front of the shotgun . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 ryder snarled . 
 he grabbed her arms . 
 `` do n't you hurt - '' her father began . 
 `` those bullets can kill me , too , '' sabine said , cutting across his words . 
 her father . 
 she 'd thought she knew him so well . 
 but now her gaze darted around the house . 
 what she 'd thought were travel mementoes , were they all weapons ? 
 tribal bags from south america and faded silver spears from guatemala . 
 how could she be so blind ? 
 `` nothing can kill you , sabe , '' her father said , shaking his head . 
 `` do n't you worry . '' 
 he knew . 
 she swallowed the lump in her throat . 
 `` were you waiting to tell me until the first time i died ? 
 when i burned for the first time , were you going to tell me then ? '' 
 he slowly lowered the gun . 
 ryder did n't wait for the gun barrel to face the floor . 
 he grabbed the gun from her father 's hands and threw the weapon across the room . 
 her father blinked his eyes , eyes an exact match to rhett 's deep stare . 
 `` i never wanted you to burn . '' 
 `` too late . '' 
 her stark whisper . 
 `` because genesis made me burn , over and over again . '' 
 he paled and seemed to age ten years before her eyes . 
 he jerked a shaking hand through his hair . 
 `` n-no . 
 they were ... supposed to help you . '' 
 a scream echoed in her mind . 
 her scream . 
 the cry she 'd made each time they 'd killed her . 
 her eyes could n't look away from her father . 
 you did this to me . 
 the truth was right there on his face . 
 she 'd never expected this betrayal . 
 not from him . 
 he was her dad . 
 her hero . 
 the man who had protected her all her life . 
 he was the man who gave me to them . 
 `` go outside , sabine , '' ryder said , his voice a lethal rumble of sound . 
 her father shook his head . 
 `` let me explain ... '' `` you did n't tell mom what you 'd done . '' 
 she had a heart attack . 
 no , her mother had n't known . 
 if she 'd known , she would n't have been so shaken that she wound up in the hospital . 
 `` you did n't tell rhett . '' 
 he would n't have been so frantic to find her . 
 `` i wanted to help you ! '' 
 ryder was in front of her , blocking her view of her father . 
 he stared down at her , his face implacable . 
 `` go onto the porch . 
 wait for me there . '' 
 her heart was breaking . 
 `` why ? '' 
 the question was stark . 
 `` so you can kill my father ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 no lies . 
 no denial . 
 `` sabine ! '' 
 her father 's desperate cry . 
 she 'd never heard him sound desperate before . 
 happy . 
 loving . 
 even angry a time or ten when she and rhett pushed him too far . 
 but never desperate . 
 until now . 
 she did n't look at him . 
 just stared up at ryder . 
 she 'd trusted her father , always . 
 `` but ... he 's my father . '' 
 the words she left unspoken were ... he would n't do this to me . 
 there 's a mistake . 
 my father would n't have let them hurt me . 
 he protects me . 
 keeps me safe . 
 always . 
 that was a father 's job , right ? 
 not to ... not to let his daughter get killed . 
 tortured . 
 over and over again . 
 `` sometimes your family members are the ones you need to fear the most . '' 
 there was a whisper of something dark in ryder 's voice . 
 a stir of memory in his eyes . 
 but , right then , sabine could n't see well enough past her own pain to unlock his secrets . 
 he gave her a little push . 
 `` outside . '' 
 `` i ca n't ... '' she could n't let her father die . 
 would n't kill him . 
 even if ... sabine rushed around ryder and grabbed her father 's arms . 
 she shook him and was aware that his bones felt so fragile to her , brittle . 
 `` why ? 
 why did you do this to me ? '' 
 there were tears in his eyes . 
 his hands twisted and grabbed onto hers . 
 `` genesis ... they were supposed to help people like you . '' 
 people like you . 
 `` they hurt me , dad . 
 they killed me . '' 
 his eyes seemed to sink into his face . 
 `` i saw the stories on the news . 
 until then i-i did n't know - '' `` you 're the one who told them where to find me . '' 
 he 'd sent the men who came for her in the night . 
 the men who 'd drugged her . 
 kidnapped her . 
 tossed her in a cell with a starving vampire and watched as she screamed . 
 that vampire was right behind her now . 
 she could feel his fury . 
 he wanted to rip out her father 's throat . 
 part of her wanted the same thing . 
 `` you sent me to die , '' she told him . 
 but her father shook his head , his desperation plain to see . 
 `` i sent you to live . 
 i knew what was-i knew what you were , yes , dammit , i knew . 
 and i knew you could n't stay that way . 
 the fire would take you over . 
 drive you insane until all you wanted to do was kill and burn . 
 but genesis , i-i thought they could help you , baby ! 
 that was all i wanted-for someone to help you . '' 
 `` no one can help me , '' she said , voice breaking . 
 `` they never could . '' 
 her shoulders hunched . 
 the home she 'd loved for so long suddenly felt foreign to her . 
 `` i was ... i was coming to tell you that you needed to leave town . 
 the people at genesis ... not all of them are gone . 
 i was told '' - she stopped to lick lips gone bone-dry - `` i was told that rhett might be targeted for death . '' 
 her father 's jaw had gone slack with shock . 
 `` but rhett 's human ... '' and you 're not . 
 the words hung in the air . 
 they did n't need to be spoken . 
 `` genesis never cared about collateral damage , '' ryder said , voice rumbling . 
 no , they had n't . 
 `` i was supposed to do a job for them . 
 i did n't . '' 
 she 'd let wyatt die . 
 she hoped he was in hell . 
 `` so they sent someone to kill rhett . '' 
 her father staggered back a step . 
 `` i-i did n't know , i swear ! 
 one of my old army buddies , he worked for them . 
 he said they were going to make the world better . 
 i just wanted you to be normal . 
 to be like everyone else . '' 
 `` the funny thing , dad , is that i thought i was normal . '' 
 until he 'd served her up to those sadistic bastards . 
 `` if you had n't told them about me , then genesis would have never come for me . 
 i would n't have burned ... if it had n't been for you . '' 
 and she did n't even want to look at him . 
 she could n't look him in the eyes . 
 it hurt too much . 
 you 're not the man i thought you were . 
 her gaze darted to ryder . 
 `` rhett 's missing . 
 i 'm going to find him . '' 
 `` we are , '' ryder immediately corrected her . 
 if ryder had n't been there , she might have let the tears fall . 
 she might have just broken . 
 pain twisted inside her , cutting like a knife . 
 but ryder was there . 
 his fingers curled around hers . 
 he was steady and solid and strong . 
 she stared into his eyes . 
 remembered the hell they 'd faced . 
 remembered the hell they 'd survived . 
 together . 
 genesis had n't broken her . 
 genesis had n't broken him . 
 they 'd fought , together , and they 'd keep fighting that way . 
 so she did n't break . 
 she pulled in several deep , frantic breaths . 
 ryder 's hold tightened on her . 
 in a world turned upside down , she found herself relying on the monster that most would fear . 
 he 's not a monster . 
 sabine realized that she did n't think of ryder that way , not anymore . 
 he was her lover . 
 he was her partner . 
 he was ... more ? 
 `` i-i talked to rhett this evening . '' 
 her father 's voice was lost . 
 `` he was f-fine then . '' 
 `` you talked to him before a fire tore through the rift , and before someone hijacked the ambulance he was in and shot one of the emts . '' 
 her own voice sounded so calm . 
 odd , when she felt anything but calm . 
 turning away , she told him , `` get out of town . 
 go to wherever it is that you 've got mom stashed . 
 stay until all of this is over . '' 
 mom . 
 thinking about her mother just hurt too much then . 
 sabine forced herself to take slow , determined steps toward the front door . 
 ryder shadowed her every move . 
 she wanted out of the house . 
 but a hand on her shoulder froze her . 
 `` you were two when i found you , '' her father said , his hand trembling against her shoulder . 
 `` you were floating face down in the river . '' 
 sabine river . 
 yes , she knew where she 'd been found . 
 `` you should have been dead . 
 i rolled you over ... '' he turned her to face him . 
 `` and i saw fire burning in your eyes . 
 a baby ... with burning eyes . '' 
 she did n't want to hear any more from him . 
 `` i loved you like you were my own . 
 you are my own . '' 
 a child he 'd sold to the devil . 
 `` how much did they pay you ? '' 
 sabine asked because she knew he 'd gotten something from the deal . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 her life had been worth nothing ? 
 `` i wanted them to fix you , baby . 
 i saw the fire again and again over the years-it would flare in your eyes whenever you got real angry , and i was so afraid of what would happen the moment you lost your control . 
 i 'd heard stories of others like you . 
 supernaturals that were too dangerous to be around humans . 
 evil . 
 i did n't want you to turn out like them . 
 i wanted to help you . '' 
 his voice broke . 
 so did her heart . 
 `` get out of town , '' she told him , the last time she 'd give her father the warning . 
 `` and tell mom ... '' she had to clear her throat . 
 had to choke back the lump of pain and fury that had risen . 
 `` tell her anything but the truth . '' 
 because she did n't want to hurt her mother . 
 `` i-i ca n't leave rhett - '' `` leave on your own , '' ryder told him , his tone lethal , `` or i 'll have my vamps drain you and drag your limp body out of this town . '' 
 she knew the words were n't an idle threat . 
 her father knew it , too . 
 glancing over her shoulder , she saw that the knowledge blazed in his eyes . 
 eyes that still watched her with a sad desperation . 
 `` good-bye , dad , '' she whispered as she walked across the porch and into the yard . 
 sabine expected ryder to follow right on her heels . 
 but he did n't follow . 
 `` tell me the name of that old army buddy , '' ryder 's tight demand . 
 `` n-no . '' 
 a thud . 
 sounded like a fist hitting a wall . 
 her eyes squeezed shut as her shoulders stiffened . 
 `` do n't hurt him , ryder . 
 he 's ... he 's still my father . '' 
 the tears fell then , because she could n't hold them back any longer . 
 she could even taste the salt of the tears on her lips . 
 `` and i still love him . '' 
 maybe he had thought to help her . 
 maybe he 'd thought ... it does n't matter . 
 i still love him . 
 i love the man who played hide-and-seek with me . 
 i love the man who read sleeping beauty to me again and again and again . 
 i love him . 
 she glanced back . 
 her father stood inside the house , with ryder at his side . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , baby , '' her father whispered . 
 she inclined her head . 
 `` i-i know . '' 
 and one day , when this nightmare was over , she 'd go back to him . 
 when the pain was n't so strong . 
 tears fell from his eyes , too . 
 ryder put his hand on her father 's arm . 
 `` i want the man 's name . 
 he lied to you . 
 he sent your daughter to hell . 
 give me his name , and give her the justice she deserves . '' 
 her father 's breath rasped out . 
 `` k-keith adams . '' 
 uncle keith ? 
 vaughn 's father ? 
 then ryder was heading toward her . 
 her gaze strayed-once more-to her father 's face . 
 `` i love you , sabine , '' he told her . 
 `` i always have , and i always will . '' 
 she could n't stop her tears . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 despite it all , she did . 
 `` lucky bastard , '' ryder snarled . 
 `` if she did n't care for you , you 'd be minus a head right now . '' 
 he pointed at her father . 
 `` get out of town . 
 keep her mother safe . '' 
 ryder stopped in front of her . 
 gently , carefully , he brushed away her tears . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 his voice was gruff . 
 `` it hurts me when you cry . '' 
 why would her tears hurt him ? 
 he pressed a kiss to her cheek . 
 `` i told you before ... do n't ever f ** king cry for anyone . '' 
 she did n't know how to stop the tears . 
 she heard the door shut behind them . 
 the sound was so loud . 
 that part of my life will never be the same . 
 ryder pulled her against his chest and held her . 
 strong . 
 steady . 
 slowly , she took deeper breaths . 
 the pain in her chest eased . 
 ryder kissed her lips . 
 such a light , gentle kiss . 
 `` the next person who makes you cry '' - his words were a rumble - `` i 'm killing him . 
 family or not . '' 
 her fierce vampire . 
 she was coming to know him so well . 
 well enough to say , `` you would n't hurt my family . '' 
 because he would n't want to hurt her . 
 his gaze searched hers . 
 `` we have to leave here , sabine . '' 
 yes . 
 she glanced at the house . 
 she 'd been happy there . 
 her father was peeking out the window . 
 it is n't over , dad . 
 the love she felt would n't let it be . 
 but she loved rhett , too , and he needed her . 
 `` i think we know our next stop now . '' 
 because vaughn had been with her brother when rhett vanished . 
 another betrayal . 
 `` vaughn 's place is n't far away , '' she whispered . 
 it was a familiar location to her . 
 why was the familiar suddenly so painful to face ? 
 because the familiar hides so many secrets and lies . 
 she 'd been foolish to think that home was a safe place . 
 they were being followed . 
 ryder had felt the eyes on them , had heard the rustle of footsteps , ever since they 'd left the home of sabine 's parents . 
 he 'd figured it was better for their prey to follow them . 
 at least , that way , her bastard of a father would have time to drag his sorry ass out of town . 
 he kept his body close to her as they walked . 
 he was n't sure if it was his enemies stalking them , hers , or who-the-hell-knew else . 
 they had a tail . 
 soon enough , they 'd get the bastard to show himself . 
 they were in front of a small house on the edge of the french quarter . 
 time had faded the house , roughened its edges . 
 the place was pretty secluded . 
 good . 
 that way no one would hear the humans ' screams . 
 ryder was in the mood to make someone scream . 
 sabine is hurting . 
 that fact pissed him off . 
 she was standing in the shadows and gazing up at the house . 
 lights glowed from inside the windows . 
 looked like keith adams was waiting up for them . 
 a trap . 
 obviously . 
 `` who 's watching us ? '' 
 sabine asked . 
 `` is it dante ? '' 
 ah , so she 'd noticed , too . 
 good . 
 her vamp hunting instincts were definitely starting to kick in . 
 `` if it were dante , we 'd have a circle of fire around us by now . '' 
 the phoenix was n't exactly subtle . 
 `` then who ? '' 
 he smiled at her . 
 `` let 's find out , love . '' 
 he pulled her close . 
 pressed a quick kiss to her lips . 
 he wanted to take and taste more , but he only allowed himself that little sample of her . 
 `` do me a favor , '' he said , voice rasping . 
 `` wait one minute , then scream for me . '' 
 her brow furrowed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` scream . 
 loud . 
 as loudly as you can . '' 
 he had no doubt that sabine could be very loud . 
 then he slipped away . 
 finding a perfect vantage point to watch his prey was easy . 
 vampires were n't just fast . 
 he leapt into the air and easily landed on the side of the roof . 
 they could do things that humans thought were impossible . 
 he crouched on his perch . 
 watched . 
 waited . 
 sabine screamed . 
 the woman had some pretty fantastic lungs . 
 he saw a shadow jerk away from the darkness on the left side of the property . 
 the shadow stumbled forward , racing toward sabine and her scream . 
 do you think she 's weak now ? 
 afraid ? 
 that it 's your perfect time to attack ? 
 think again . 
 ryder leapt down and crashed right into the fool who was running for sabine . 
 they hit the ground , tumbling , and when their bodies stopped rolling , ryder had his claws at the throat of vaughn adams . 
 ryder could easily see the human in the dark . 
 not the army buddy he 'd sought , but the son . 
 he figured one human was as good as the other . 
 vaughn tried to yank up his gun . 
 ryder broke the man 's hand . 
 this time , vaughn was the one to scream . 
 sabine rushed toward them . 
 `` where 's rhett ? '' 
 ryder yanked the human to his feet . 
 vaughn was groaning and trying to cradle his right hand . 
 so weak . 
 so human . 
 `` where is my brother ? '' 
 sabine demanded . 
 she was fierce . 
 eyes glaring . 
 hands clenched into fists . 
 fury clear to read on her face . 
 maybe the human could n't see all of her rage . 
 he probably could see very little in the dark . 
 his disadvantage . 
 ryder swiped out and let his claws rip open the human 's side . 
 the scent of blood filled the air . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 vaughn screamed . 
 `` i do n't know what the hell is happening-stop ! '' 
 `` he 's lying , '' ryder said , not about to buy the man 's bs . 
 `` he was tracking us , hunting us . 
 he started following us the minute we left your father 's house . '' 
 vaughn stopped his moaning and groaning . 
 his shoulders straightened . 
 his chin lifted . 
 `` damn right , i did . 
 and i called for backup . '' 
 he bared his teeth . 
 really ? 
 was that supposed to be intimidating ? 
 a human 's teeth ? 
 `` you 're surrounded , vampire . 
 there 's no getting away for you this time . '' 
 ryder tilted his head to the right . 
 listened . 
 heard nothing . 
 `` try again . '' 
 now , he bared his teeth . 
 `` or i 'll just end this game and rip open your throat . '' 
 `` ryder . '' 
 sabine 's snapping voice . 
 `` get him to tell us where rhett is , then you can have your bite . '' 
 she grabbed a fistful of vaughn 's shirt . 
 `` or maybe i 'll have one . '' 
 she sounded deadly . 
 sexy . 
 he liked it when she showed her kick-ass side . 
 that side was starting to peek out , more and more . 
 but vaughn shook his head . 
 `` you wo n't get a chance , they 're coming - '' ryder tensed when he heard a growl . 
 a low , animalistic sound . 
 not the growl of a werewolf , that was rougher , deeper . 
 this sound ... he stepped away from the human and scanned the darkness . 
 this sound was different . 
 this sound had every muscle in his body tensing . 
 then he was attacked . 
 sabine screamed when a blurry form ran at ryder . 
 the attacker hit him , cutting ryder 's stomach open with a slash of his claws . 
 the attacker moved fast , far too damn fast , and punched with a killing force . 
 luckily , ryder was n't so easy to kill . 
 he slashed back with his own claws . 
 tossed the jerk into the air . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 vaughn 's shocked voice . 
 a voice that shattered into a terrified , pain-filled scream . 
 because someone had just taken a bite out of the guy . 
 a vampire was guzzling the guy 's throat , a vamp with dark , matted hair and bloodstained clothes . 
 that human is my prey . 
 back the hell off . 
 ryder grabbed the vamp and yanked him back . 
 `` you do n't know who you 're screwing with - '' ryder began , more than ready to teach the guy about the vamp hierarchy in this world . 
 but then he got a look at the vampire 's face . 
 at the parch-white skin . 
 the sunken , black eyes . 
 and ... the fangs . 
 not just sharpened canines , like vampires were supposed to have . 
 all of this guy 's teeth narrowed down to razor-sharp points . 
 and the claws that had cut into ryder before ? 
 he got a good look at them now . 
 those claws were like long , black knives . 
 not a vampire 's normal claws . 
 primal . 
 the word whispered through his mind . 
 wyatt had warned him , but getting the warning and actually seeing the primal were two way different things . 
 the vampire was tall , too thin , but there was a hell of a lot of strength in his body . 
 too much . 
 what all had wyatt told him ? 
 wyatt had tried to cure the primal with ryder 's blood , but that had n't worked and - the primal vampire 's attention shifted to sabine . 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` want ... you ... '' oh , the hell he did . 
 they want ... what you want . 
 the primal vampire ran for sabine . 
 before he could grab her , ryder slammed into the sob . 
 `` she 's taken . '' 
 he drove his fist into the guy 's gut and let his own claws swipe and tear . 
 the vampire just laughed . 
 his fangs came at ryder 's throat . 
 i 'm not on the menu . 
 ryder slammed his head into the guy 's nose . 
 bones snapped . 
 blood gushed . 
 `` vaughn ? '' 
 sabine 's voice . 
 she sounded scared . 
 ryder glanced over at her . 
 she was on the ground , right next to the human . 
 he was shuddering . 
 convulsing . 
 she put her hands on his chest , obviously trying to hold him down . 
 her head snapped up and her frantic gaze found him . 
 `` ryder , i think he 's dying ! '' 
 the night could n't get any f ** king worse . 
 he focused on the vamp . 
 then he heard the rumble of tires . 
 the shrill screech of brakes . 
 footsteps pounded toward them . 
 vaughn 's backup . 
 so it could get worse . 
 `` i ca n't stop the blood ! '' 
 sabine cried . 
 `` it 's too much . 
 he 's dying ! '' 
 no , he would n't die . 
 ryder kept his body between sabine and the freak who would n't take his eyes off her . 
 those teeth ... humans should have known better than to play god . 
 when you f ** ked with nature , nature f ** ked back . 
 the guy in front of him was one giant f ** k-up . 
 `` give her ... to me . '' 
 the primal vampire 's words were a growl . 
 not normal speech . 
 too rough . 
 too gritted . 
 as if speaking were hard for him . 
 had ryder 's blood done this ? 
 or had the primals become this way thanks to the first experiments that genesis had run on them ? 
 were they already screwed to hell and back , and my blood just made things worse for them ? 
 wyatt had said that three primals received ryder and sabine 's blood . 
 three . 
 `` give her ... '' the primal vamp growled again . 
 `` not going to happen . '' 
 ryder sucked in a deep breath as he prepared for the next attack . 
 there were three main ways to kill a vampire . 
 first up ... fire . 
 no fire here . 
 second ... a stake to the heart . 
 no wood . 
 well , he might be able to rip off part of the fence on the west side of the house , but if he did that , he 'd have to leave sabine . 
 the freak might grab her while ryder rushed for the weapon . 
 then the guy would drink from her . 
 no . 
 not happening . 
 so that just left him with option number three . 
 beheading . 
 could he take the vamp 's head , before the guy took his ? 
 time to find out . 
 the humans were coming closer . 
 racing toward them . 
 ryder flexed his fingers . 
 his claws were out . 
 this would n't be the first time he 'd taken another vampire 's head . 
 not the first , not the last . 
 but this guy was n't like the others . 
 the primal vampire stalked toward them . 
 `` taking ... her . '' 
 no , ass ** le , i 'm taking your head . 
 with a growl of his own , ryder attacked . 
 chapter fourteen vaughn was choking on his own blood . 
 sabine stared down at him , terrified . 
 his eyes were wild . 
 so scared and desperate . 
 and she remembered sitting on the couch with him and rhett . 
 watching scary movies . 
 eating popcorn . 
 swimming in the lake . 
 laughing while they roasted marshmallows . 
 how in the hell had things come to be this way ? 
 `` you 're going to be okay , '' she told him , pressing her fingers against his neck . 
 his blood soaked her hand . 
 the blood would n't stop gushing out . 
 `` hang on , vaughn , okay ? 
 just hang on . '' 
 they should n't be enemies . 
 they should just be people . 
 friends . 
 and her friend was dying right in front of her . 
 `` four ... two ... '' she leaned toward him . 
 `` what is it ? 
 i ca n't understand . '' 
 `` one ... nine ... '' he was telling her numbers ? 
 she shook her head . 
 `` save your strength , okay ? '' 
 sabine glanced over her shoulder . 
 ryder and the other vampire-what was wrong with him ? 
 why did he look that way ? 
 - were running toward each other . 
 both had their claws up . 
 they were yelling and they hit in a thud of bodies . 
 fists pounded . 
 claws flew . 
 the other vampire was going for ryder 's neck . 
 his claws cut into ryder 's skin . 
 `` no ! '' 
 sabine screamed . 
 ryder lunged up , his claws slicing back at his attacker . 
 her mouth hung open in shock , and then she had to look away . 
 ryder had ... he 'd ... just taken the vampire 's head off . 
 her eyes squeezed shut . 
 that sound , that slush that she 'd heard right before the vampire 's head toppled back ... vaughn had stilled beneath her hands . 
 her eyes opened and she stared back at him . 
 his face had gone slack . 
 `` vaughn ? '' 
 she shook him . 
 he felt cold to her . 
 he should n't be that cold , not so soon . 
 his body should still be warm . 
 not so icy . 
 not yet . 
 not ever . 
 `` vaughn ! '' 
 footsteps thudded behind her . 
 she did n't look over her shoulder . 
 she knew those footsteps had to be ryder 's . 
 he 'd taken the other vampire 's head . 
 with one slice of his claws . 
 but she could n't think about that . 
 not then . 
 vaughn was n't moving . 
 the blood was thick on the ground beneath him . 
 ryder 's hands wrapped around her . 
 he lifted her against him . 
 `` the humans are coming . '' 
 she felt numb . 
 vaughn was - moving ? 
 his mouth was opening wide , and he started to groan . 
 a low , pain-filled sound . 
 relief rushed through her . 
 vaughn was alive ! 
 his hands flew into the air , and-and claws were sprouting from his fingertips . 
 long , thick , black claws . 
 his mouth was open so wide because his teeth were growing , elongating into sharp points . 
 every . 
 single . 
 tooth . 
 ryder jerked her back , keeping his tight hold on her . 
 `` son of a bitch . '' 
 vaughn rolled over . 
 slowly rose to his hands and knees as his back bowed . 
 `` help ... me ! '' 
 sabine tried to reach for him . 
 ryder just wrapped his arms tighter around her . 
 hauled her farther back . 
 then , over vaughn 's growing screams and the desperate pounding of her own heart , sabine heard footsteps . 
 her head swung to the left . 
 to the right . 
 men in black cargo pants and bulletproof vests were surrounding them . 
 and leading those men , she recognized keith adams , vaughn 's father . 
 `` what the hell did you do to my son ? '' 
 keith demanded . 
 he had a small gun in his hands . 
 a gun currently aimed at sabine 's chest . 
 she could n't help but wonder if , like her father 's weapon , that gun was loaded with wooden bullets , too . 
 `` we did n't do anything . '' 
 ryder was n't letting her go . 
 his body vibrated with fury . 
 `` you can thank genesis for this one . 
 they 're the ones who wanted to build bigger , stronger vampires . '' 
 keith staggered back . 
 his gaze went to the ground . 
 to the fallen vampire and his disconnected head . 
 the vamp 's mouth was wide open , and you could see his mouthful of fangs . 
 keith 's horrified gaze flew back to vaughn . 
 `` no , son , no ! '' 
 but there was no denying what was happening to vaughn . 
 he was screaming and crying and his body kept twisting as the brutal change swept over him . 
 sabine held herself still in ryder 's arms . 
 `` i 'm going to kill them all , '' ryder whispered the words in her ear , barely seeming to breathe them . 
 she counted seven men . 
 all with their eyes on vaughn , not her or ryder . 
 all appearing frozen with horror . 
 one of their own was changing right before their eyes . 
 `` i 'll kill them all , '' ryder said again , `` and you stay behind me . 
 it 'll be fast , i promise . 
 just close your eyes , and you do n't even have to see what i do to them . '' 
 she had no doubt that he could kill all of those humans in just moments . 
 she knew how fast he could move . 
 how strong he was . 
 he could take their heads easily or cut their throats . 
 `` no , '' sabine whispered . 
 she did n't want more blood on her hands . 
 she already had enough coating her fingers . 
 `` i 'm not going back into a cage . '' 
 anger now , rage , roughening ryder 's words . 
 `` not even for you , love . '' 
 then he pushed her behind him . 
 he sprang at keith . 
 only ... keith was firing his weapon . 
 aiming not for ryder , but pointing his gun at vaughn . 
 vaughn ... who was on his feet . 
 chest heaving . 
 body shaking . 
 vaughn ... who was rushing toward sabine , snarling and opening his mouth to take a bite . 
 the bullet slammed into his chest . 
 another blasted into vaughn . 
 a third . 
 vaughn fell to the ground . 
 keith looked up . 
 too late , keith . 
 too late . 
 because ryder was at his side . 
 ryder had his claws at keith 's throat . 
 `` tell them to drop their weapons , '' ryder 's voice was deadly calm . 
 keith did n't speak , but he gave a fast gesture with his hand . 
 all of the humans immediately tossed their weapons to the ground . 
 `` good , '' ryder praised and offered a hard smile to the man . 
 `` for that , you can die quickly . '' 
 `` ryder ! '' 
 sabine hurried toward him . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 keith 's eyes , grief-stricken , lost , met hers . 
 `` this was n't supposed to happen . '' 
 no , she was sure that she and ryder were the ones who were supposed to be on the ground . 
 `` i-i wanted to help you , '' keith muttered . 
 his throat was bleeding . 
 ryder 's claws were sinking into the skin . 
 `` when i found out what genesis was really doing ... '' his adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed and ryder 's claws sank deeper into him . 
 `` since then ... i-i 've been trying to get you out ... trying to save the others . '' 
 it was too late for saving them . 
 `` my son ... my own son . '' 
 tears slipped down his cheeks . 
 sabine realized all of keith 's guards had frozen . 
 no one was moving . 
 no one seemed to know what to do . 
 she took a deep breath and closed the distance between her and keith . 
 `` were those wooden bullets ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 wooden bullets on vampire prey . 
 keith nodded . 
 `` he 's not dead , '' ryder said , sounding almost bored . 
 `` down , but not dead . 
 guess you could n't go straight for the heart with your own son , huh ? 
 and you could n't order your men to take that heart shot , either . '' 
 her gaze cut to ryder . 
 `` stop . '' 
 he lifted his brows . 
 `` take your claws away from his throat , '' she demanded . 
 it was all too damn much . 
 rage was pumping through her own body . 
 hot . 
 blistering . 
 vaughn ... turned ? 
 keith shooting his own son ? 
 her dad betraying her . 
 too much . 
 ryder 's eyes widened . 
 then he let go of keith . 
 instead of backing away , ryder grabbed for her . 
 figured . 
 when had the vamp ever backed away ? 
 his hands wrapped around her arms . 
 `` sabine ? '' 
 he shook her once , lightly . 
 he did n't sound so bored then . 
 he sounded worried . 
 she took another deep breath and could have almost sworn that she tasted ash on her tongue . 
 `` sabine ... '' his voice had dropped , become an intimate caress . 
 she met his stare . 
 tried to pull more air into lungs that suddenly felt starved for oxygen . 
 `` breathe , '' he whispered to her . 
 `` everything is going to be all right . 
 you know i 'll keep you safe . '' 
 she did n't feel like she really knew anything anymore . 
 but she sucked in more deep breaths . 
 tried to calm a heartbeat that raced too fast . 
 her eyes stayed on his . 
 finally , finally , the air stopped tasting like ash on her tongue . 
 she realized that ryder was staring at her with a deep , intense gaze . 
 `` is your control back ? '' 
 ryder asked softly . 
 back ? 
 when had she lost it ? 
 but she gave a nod . 
 his arms wrapped around her shoulders . 
 she realized that the humans were just standing there , waiting . 
 for what ? 
 keith 's head hung down , his chin almost touching his chest . 
 blood dripped onto his shirt . 
 `` vaughn ... he and i ... we both wanted to make things right . '' 
 what was right anymore ? 
 sabine was n't sure she knew . 
 keith 's head lifted . 
 `` he was trying to protect rhett . 
 we knew genesis had a hit on him . 
 once we realized what they were really doing , we put a plant inside the facility . 
 we were trying to help . '' 
 ryder stared dispassionately at him . 
 `` you want to help ? 
 get the hell out of our way and stay out of our way . '' 
 his arm was a warm weight over her shoulders . 
 `` because if i see you again , i will kill you . '' 
 a vow . 
 she gazed at keith and shook her head . 
 `` how were you going to help me ? '' 
 `` there 's another doctor . '' 
 he licked his lips , glanced over at vaughn 's still body , and drew in a ragged breath . 
 `` she 's not like wyatt . 
 she does n't want to hurt anyone . 
 she wants to help the supernaturals . '' 
 right . 
 like she had n't heard that one before . 
 `` come on , '' sabine said to ryder . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 `` she 's not experimenting on anyone ! '' 
 keith 's voice broke . 
 `` she 's just fixing the mistakes that wyatt made . '' 
 like she 'd trust another human in a lab coat . 
 her gaze darted to keith . 
 before they left , she had to know one thing . 
 `` where 's my brother ? '' 
 but he shook his head . 
 `` i-i do n't know . 
 vaughn was sent to secure him . 
 to get him to a safe location before ... '' before someone else could put a bullet in his head ? 
 `` find out , '' ryder told the man . 
 `` find out , and you send the location to me at bran 's castle . '' 
 keith nodded . 
 his gaze swung back to vaughn . 
 `` she can fix him . '' 
 the words were so low that sabine barely caught his murmur , but when the words registered , she frowned . 
 `` there 's no going back once you become a vampire , '' ryder snapped . 
 so he 'd heard the man 's murmur , too . 
 `` and you need to put him down , for good . 
 that bite spread the virus . 
 wyatt mutated his vampires . 
 they are n't like me . 
 they 're - '' `` primal , '' keith whispered . 
 sick horror filled his eyes . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` then you know the only way to stop your son is to kill him . '' 
 ryder 's hold on sabine pushed her forward . 
 `` so if you really want to help him , put the man out of his misery . '' 
 her heart ached . 
 she could only imagine what keith 's heart felt like . 
 maybe like it had been ripped from his chest ? 
 unable to help herself , sabine looked back over her shoulder . 
 the humans were retrieving their guns and closing in on vaughn 's prone body . 
 he did n't take sabine back to bran 's castle . 
 her body shook against his , her rage and pain so clear on her face that it almost hurt to look at her . 
 she should have let me kill them all . 
 but she was soft inside . 
 sentimental . 
 still human in that respect . 
 he braked his motorcycle-one he 'd kept stored at bran 's castle-near the edge of the st. louis cemetery . 
 `` where do you feel safe ? '' 
 he asked as he turned to face her . 
 her gaze was so dark and deep . 
 but before , when she 'd faced off against the humans , her gaze had changed . 
 for an instant , i saw flames . 
 ryder knew that his growing suspicions about her were right . 
 she was n't vampire , at least , not completely . 
 the power of the phoenix was still inside her , struggling desperately to get out . 
 which side would win ? 
 the vamp side ? 
 the phoenix ? 
 or would they both just tear her apart ? 
 i wo n't let that happen . 
 he would do anything necessary to protect her , even if he had to protect sabine from herself . 
 `` where do you feel safe ? '' 
 he pushed her . 
 because wherever the hell that was , he would take her there . 
 her trust in her family and friends had been ripped away . 
 she needed reassurance , and he 'd damn well give it to her . 
 she needed - `` with you . '' 
 a soft confession . 
 he blinked . 
 her lips lifted in a sad smile . 
 `` it 's probably crazy , i know it is , but i feel safe when i 'm with you . '' 
 he could only stare at her . 
 did the woman realize just how much power she was starting to wield over him ? 
 no one . 
 no one had ever made him feel the way she did . 
 no one else ever would . 
 her legs were on either side of his . 
 her body hugged his . 
 and each breath that he took made him need her more . 
 he wanted to take her out of the city . 
 get her as far away from everyone else as he could . 
 they could disappear . 
 vanish . 
 he had plenty of money . 
 they could start a life somewhere else . 
 anywhere else . 
 jaw locking , ryder turned away from her and revved the motor . 
 her arms curled around his stomach , and he felt her put her head over his shoulder blade . 
 the woman fit his body . 
 so well . 
 too well . 
 his gaze cut into the dark . 
 were more enemies watching ? 
 seeing the weakness that he could n't deny ? 
 the motorcycle flew away from the corner . 
 ripped through the waning night . 
 he took them from the city . 
 away from the lights of the town and away from the danger that waited in new orleans . 
 `` a cabin . '' 
 her voice came quietly , barely rising over the growl of the motorcycle . 
 `` at the edge of the swamp . 
 we 'd go there all the time when i was a kid . '' 
 her safe place ? 
 i 'm her safe place . 
 `` take the next exit , '' she told him as her hold tightened . 
 `` then turn right . '' 
 the motorcycle sped off the exit ramp . 
 rushed around the narrow turn . 
 `` go straight . 
 drive until the road ends . '' 
 he 'd do anything to make the sadness leave her voice . 
 he followed her instructions , taking the turns , and glancing back to make sure that no headlights appeared in the distance . 
 the road looked empty . 
 appearances could be so very deceptive . 
 then they were barreling down a small , dirt road . 
 a gate waited up ahead with a no trespassing sign hanging from its gates . 
 ryder drove right through the sagging gates . 
 the cabin waited near the edge of the water . 
 small , but it looked clean . 
 he parked the bike in the back . 
 then ryder let sabine lead the way inside . 
 she took a key from beneath a brick-did they always hide their keys in such a spot ? 
 and she opened the door , ushering him inside . 
 he expected the cabin to smell musty , closed-in , but the area was filled with a sweet , light scent . 
 the place was as clean on the inside as it was on the outside . 
 a tidy table . 
 a comfortable couch . 
 the walls were lined with pictures of a much younger sabine and her brother . 
 damn but she 'd been a cute kid . 
 a heartbreaker , even when she 'd had long pigtails . 
 `` i was happy here . 
 always ... '' she rolled her shoulders . 
 `` but i guess it was stupid to come here . 
 my dad or rhett could have told genesis about this place . '' 
 he pulled her into his arms . 
 pressed his mouth to hers . 
 `` let them come . '' 
 did n't she understand yet ? 
 no one was going to take her again . 
 he was n't leaving her side , no matter what the hell happened next . 
 her hands rose to his shoulders . 
 held tight . 
 he liked the bite of her nails on his skin . 
 liked her bite more . 
 he kissed her again and his tongue pushed into her mouth . 
 the kiss was n't wild or rough , not like before . 
 because this time , he wanted to comfort her . 
 to make her feel safe . 
 he kept the kiss light . 
 a hard task , when his instincts demanded that he take . 
 when ryder felt his body tightening , he pulled his mouth from hers . 
 ryder pressed his forehead against sabine 's . 
 `` you 're not alone . '' 
 she 'd never be . 
 he caught her hand . 
 pulled her toward the couch . 
 she looked up at him , so sexy that she made him ache . 
 his c ** k was fully erect , eager for her . 
 but this time , she needed more . 
 `` my family betrayed me , too . '' 
 a confession that few had ever heard from him , but he wanted to share his past with her . 
 she sat down on the edge of the couch and stared up at him . 
 waited . 
 her lips were red from his mouth . 
 `` i 've walked the earth for a very , very long time , sabine . '' 
 longer than she probably realized . 
 he 'd stopped aging long ago . 
 `` as far as i know , i was the first vampire . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` you - '' `` i took a sickness when i was human . 
 a disease that ravaged through me , seeming to consume me from the inside out . '' 
 he could still hear the sound of his own desperate screams . 
 his mother 's wild pleas for help . 
 help had finally come . 
 but it had n't been what he 'd expected . 
 `` the disease spread to others in my family . '' 
 a plague , that was what they would call it in the middle ages . 
 a virus . 
 a sickness , now . 
 `` i recovered . '' 
 flat . 
 he held her gaze . 
 `` most did not . 
 only my brother and i were spared . 
 everyone else ... they perished . '' 
 the deaths had n't been easy . 
 so much suffering . 
 agony . 
 the bodies had been twisted . 
 spotted . 
 blackened . 
 the rotting stench had filled the air . 
 death had come to his land . 
 `` my brother was weakened from the disease . 
 he could barely walk . 
 his skin was mottled , scarred , but i-i was fine within a few nights . '' 
 his body had been strong . 
 too strong . 
 `` my blood has always been different . '' 
 or else the virus would have ravaged him , too . 
 `` something was ... off with me . '' 
 he 'd known it from the time he was just a child . 
 there had been a darkness in him . 
 an instinctive urge to hunt . 
 to be the predator . 
 to destroy prey . 
 evil ? 
 maybe . 
 maybe that 's what he was . 
 but he 'd always tried to fight his deadly instincts , as best he could . 
 `` within just a few days , i noticed the new ... hunger . '' 
 her gaze locked on his . 
 `` for blood . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` my teeth burned in my mouth . 
 they stretched . 
 sharpened . 
 my senses became more acute . 
 when i touched my servant 's neck , i could hear the whoosh of his blood . '' 
 his hands fisted . 
 `` the first time i drank , i killed . '' 
 she swallowed . 
 tell her all . 
 show her the beast . 
 `` i enjoyed the kill . '' 
 the silence in the room was deafening , but though sabine tensed , she did n't try to run from him . 
 she just kept sitting there , staring up at him with those dark eyes of hers . 
 so he told her more . 
 `` i killed others . 
 my hunger was insatiable . 
 i wanted the blood . 
 i gorged myself on it . 
 in those first days , i was half-mad . 
 a beast that had survived hell and wanted only blood . '' 
 human food had no longer been able to sustain him . 
 `` many tried to kill me . '' 
 but their weapons had n't worked against him . 
 not any longer . 
 they could slice his flesh or break his bones , but he quickly healed from those injuries . 
 `` i was stronger , faster , so my attackers were the ones who died . '' 
 and the blood kept flowing . 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 sabine demanded . 
 `` because i want you to see what i am . '' 
 and to stay with me anyway . 
 the whisper came from deep within . 
 he ignored it . 
 she had no choice . 
 she had to stay with him . 
 too many were after her . 
 to survive , sabine needed his protection . 
 `` i know what you are . '' 
 her words were stark . 
 sad . 
 he flinched . 
 i killed you , so yes , you do know . 
 his hands fisted . 
 `` i told you ... one of my brothers survived , but he was weak from the sickness . '' 
 weak and still diseased . 
 the scent of death had clung to him . 
 `` i ... wanted to help him . '' 
 because even though the bloodlust had created a monster in him , the man inside had still fought to rise to the surface . 
 `` my body was different . 
 i knew that . 
 so i thought that my blood must be different , too . '' 
 there had been no doctors then . 
 just those who dealt in false magic and barbaric `` healing '' techniques . 
 even before he 'd gone to his brother 's side , malcolm had been bled . 
 again and again . 
 by the time ryder had gone to him , malcolm had already been near death . 
 `` i was n't sure how to transform him . 
 with the others , i had n't cared . '' 
 humans , but he 'd tossed them aside like they were nothing . 
 see me for what i am . 
 `` but i wanted to save him . '' 
 no , he 'd needed to save malcolm . 
 `` i gave him my blood . 
 forced him to drink , but nothing happened . '' 
 he 'd been so furious . 
 he 'd paced in his brother 's room for hours and hours . 
 but malcolm had stayed pale and weak . 
 `` i gave him more . 
 kept forcing him to drink . 
 he ... fought me . '' 
 and that was when it had happened . 
 `` when i fought back , my hunger rose . '' 
 the scent of blood had been all around him . 
 he had n't been strong enough to hold on to his control . 
 `` i bit his arm . 
 his blood poured into me . 
 he started to shake and convulse . 
 i-i gave him more of my blood , still thinking it would help him . '' 
 and , in a way , it had . 
 `` that 's how you learned how to create other vampires , '' sabine said softly . 
 `` when you saved your brother . '' 
 `` malcolm did n't exactly think of it as a saving . '' 
 but ryder nodded . 
 `` but it was after that moment , when i took his blood and gave him back my own ... it was then that he changed . '' 
 already so close to death , ryder had thought that he 'd lost his brother . 
 but malcolm 's pallor had changed . 
 the stiffness had faded away from his body . 
 his eyes had opened . 
 he 'd ... had the same consuming hunger that ryder felt . 
 and the same loss of control . 
 how many had they killed in those first months ? 
 how much blood had they taken ? 
 there had been screams . 
 death . 
 then they 'd realized that there was more they could do . 
 not just drinking and killing . 
 control . 
 `` we learned that if we fed on humans and let them live , we could slip into their minds . 
 we could control them completely , with just a thought . '' 
 a heady power . 
 one he 'd abused . 
 one he 'd abuse again . 
 she pulled her lower lip between her teeth . 
 bit it lightly . 
 then asked , `` can you control me ? '' 
 he stared back at her . 
 `` have you ? '' 
 he would n't lie to her . 
 others , sure , without a qualm . 
 but not to her . 
 `` i tried . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` but you were n't human . 
 your mind did n't work like theirs . 
 every time i tried to reach you , i just saw a wall of fire . '' 
 he had n't been lying when he told her that before . 
 she rubbed her hands over the couch cushions . 
 `` and now ? 
 since i 'm like you ? 
 do you still see the fire ? '' 
 `` you 're not like me , '' he muttered . 
 he was still working that part out . 
 `` and i have n't tried to control you since we left genesis . '' 
 not even when she 'd left him . 
 it had felt wrong . 
 `` try now . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 her brows rose . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to control you . '' 
 control ... that had been malcolm 's thing . 
 the more blood he 'd taken , the more control he 'd wanted . 
 ryder knew that he and malcolm had both changed . 
 all of a sudden , it had seemed that they 'd had the power of gods , while they were surrounded by mere men . 
 sex . 
 blood . 
 death . 
 but ryder had finally found his control . 
 finally pulled back . 
 malcolm had n't . 
 `` my brother was older than me . '' 
 by a year . 
 `` he 'd always been the leader , the one who would rule after my father , but ... with the change , he was weaker - '' `` weaker than you ? '' 
 she finished , head tilting back . 
 he could n't read the emotions in her eyes , and he wanted to know what she was thinking . 
 `` my blood made him , but though he was strong , i was stronger . '' 
 `` because you were the first . '' 
 her whisper . 
 and she seemed to finally understand . 
 i was the first vampire . 
 long before the legend of vlad the impaler , ryder had been roaming the earth . 
 ryder did n't know of another who 'd been cursed by the bloodlust ... until he awoke with the hunger . 
 hell , it had been at least a few centuries later before he 'd met vlad on a blood-filled night . 
 `` my brother did n't want someone else to be stronger than him . 
 malcolm wanted to rule . 
 he wanted the humans at his feet . '' 
 malcolm had wanted to change the world . 
 to show the humans just what they should fear . 
 and the stories had started to spread then . 
 stories about men who hunted during the night . 
 who drank blood . 
 who killed . 
 who terrified . 
 `` i saw what happened . '' 
 he turned his back to her . 
 paced across the room . 
 his gaze fell on a picture of sabine . 
 she looked about sixteen . 
 smiling from ear to ear as she stood on a sun-soaked deck . 
 `` the humans turned on each other . 
 they killed , each other , because they thought the monsters were among them . '' 
 and they were . 
 only the fools were killing the wrong ones . 
 `` they tortured innocents . 
 slaughtered . 
 and my brother was there , laughing at it all . 
 even holding court over some of the proceedings . '' 
 malcolm had enjoyed it all . 
 enjoyed having those he knew to be just humans brought before him . 
 malcolm had ordered their blood drained . 
 ordered them sliced open . 
 ordered so many atrocities . 
 his shoulders stiffened as the memories flooded through him . 
 `` malcolm could have taught wyatt a great deal about torture . '' 
 he remembered the screams . 
 bones-broken . 
 bodies-slowly cut in half . 
 the middle ages had been the worst time . 
 so many ways to torture , ways that made the victims take so long to die . 
 the screams stay with me . 
 `` i knew i had to stop him . '' 
 malcolm 's madness had infected the humans , not just because he was controlling their minds , but because the hysteria spread so widely and quickly . 
 `` i wanted to stop the death . '' 
 it had sickened him , and the knowledge that pained him the most ... i started it . 
 his blood had transformed malcolm . 
 if he 'd just let his brother die , then so many other lives would have been spared . 
 `` i went to him . 
 got him away from the followers he kept so close . '' 
 malcolm had always been eager to make more vampires , though they had n't actually been called vampires , not back then . 
 no one had called them vampires until centuries later . 
 back then , they 'd just been blood drinkers . 
 monsters . 
 later , his kind had become vykolakas or strigoi . 
 and , finally , vampire . 
 `` you killed him , '' she said , her voice without emotion . 
 he glanced back at her . 
 `` actually , he tried to kill me first . '' 
 a perfect setup . 
 `` i was still trying to save him . 
 trying to stop his madness , when he drove a sword into my heart . '' 
 the blade had been silver . 
 silver did n't kill me , brother . 
 but the blow had weakened him . 
 `` during his tortures , my brother had been experimenting . '' 
 just like wyatt . 
 his jaw locked . 
 ryder hated experiments . 
 and the monsters who enjoyed them . 
 `` he killed humans , but he also made vampires ... made them , then killed them , just so he could learn our weaknesses . '' 
 you do n't understand . 
 you 've changed . 
 malcolm 's charge to him . 
 we can have everything . 
 we can drink this world dry . 
 ryder had n't been thirsty any longer . 
 he 'd controlled his cravings . 
 been able to think past the bloodlust . 
 `` he used the sword to maximize my blood loss , to weaken me . '' 
 if ryder had been a normal `` transformed '' vampire , the attack would have worked . 
 but malcolm 's `` experiments '' had been off . 
 because ryder was n't like the others . 
 `` while i was on the ground , bleeding out , he went for my head . '' 
 his brother had n't wanted to take any chances . 
 he 'd attacked quickly , going for a brutal kill . 
 ryder rubbed his neck , remembering that long-ago day . 
 time could n't erase some memories . 
 not the darkest ones . 
 sabine rose and came toward him with slow steps . 
 her hand lifted and touched the skin of his throat . 
 her fingers felt like they were wrapped in silk . 
 `` but you stopped him . '' 
 he offered her a small smile . 
 `` no , love , malcolm drove that sword 's blade into my throat , and i choked on my own blood . '' 
 her lips parted in shock . 
 `` but the first blow of the sword did n't completely sever my head . 
 my brother should have used a sharper blade . '' 
 his mistake . 
 `` so i fought back . 
 not with my body , because it was all but useless . 
 i used my mind . '' 
 he 'd made a shocking discovery then . 
 `` i could control the others . 
 every vampire he 'd made . 
 every vampire i 'd made . '' 
 his control had n't been limited to humans . 
 `` in those desperate moments , i reached out , and i could feel them all . '' 
 every single one . 
 he 'd felt a rush of power so intense then that his body had shuddered . 
 `` i sent out one order to the vampires . 
 just one ... kill malcolm . '' 
 her fingers trembled against his throat . 
 `` and my brother stared into my eyes . 
 he took the sword , and he plunged it into his own chest even as he screamed at me . '' 
 `` ryder ... '' `` the others came . 
 he was n't dead . 
 they attacked him . 
 hitting . 
 punching . 
 clawing . 
 tearing into him . 
 he kept screaming , but he was n't fighting them . 
 he could scream , but he could n't fight . '' 
 she did n't stop touching him . 
 why ? 
 he was telling her everything . 
 she knew his darkness . 
 but she was leaning closer to him . 
 `` how did you get away ? '' 
 sabine asked . 
 `` i made them give me blood . '' 
 he 'd taken and taken . 
 `` they dragged my brother 's body away . 
 buried him . '' 
 what had been left of him . 
 `` then what did you do ? '' 
 `` i tried to stop the monsters i 'd made . 
 tried to pull them back , but by that point , there were too many of us . '' 
 he expelled a rough breath . 
 `` i hunted the worst of the vampires . 
 killed them . 
 staked those who slaughtered innocents and enjoyed the bloodbath . '' 
 confess . 
 `` though i was little better than they were . 
 but i tried to be . 
 i swear , i tried to be . '' 
 her fingertips rested over his pounding pulse . 
 `` how long did you hunt ? '' 
 `` i 'm still hunting . '' 
 a dark truth . 
 `` i 'm the one who created the vampires , so it 's my job to take out the monsters who live to torture and destroy . '' 
 his job-his penance . 
 `` i know the rage you carry , '' he said , and ryder was careful not to touch her . 
 `` you feel betrayed . 
 you trusted your family . '' 
 this she had to understand . 
 `` but family can and will turn on you . 
 especially if ... '' `` if you 're a monster ? '' 
 `` if they are the monsters . 
 and humans can be just as evil and twisted as any beast stalking in the night . '' 
 `` yes , '' she agreed with her steady gaze , `` they can be . '' 
 then her fingers slid over his neck , lightly caressing his skin once more . 
 `` how close did you come to death that day ? '' 
 `` too close . '' 
 close enough to know that he did n't want to see whatever hell waited for him on the other side . 
 she leaned up on her toes , and her lips brushed over his throat . 
 over the phantom wound that had long since faded . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she was apologizing to him ? 
 what the hell for ? 
 `` i could n't imagine killing my brother . '' 
 no , she loved rhett . 
 once , he 'd loved malcolm . 
 looked up to his brother . 
 fought death to save his brother 's life . 
 `` but what would you do ... '' ryder had to ask her this . 
 he 'd told her his story , and he had to ask , `` if your rhett tried to kill you ? '' 
 her lips pressed over his racing pulse . 
 then she pulled back , just enough to look up into his gaze . 
 her lashes were long and dark , shadowing her eyes . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` could you kill him ? 
 if it came down to a choice ... you or him ... could you do it ? '' 
 `` i hope i do n't ever have to find out . '' 
 it was n't an answer . 
 he needed more from her . 
 `` your father sent you to those men at genesis . 
 what if your brother comes after you ? 
 you want to save him , the same way i wanted to save malcolm . '' 
 maybe this was really the reason he 'd told her about his twisted past . 
 `` when the time comes and you 're forced to choose , will you choose death for him ? 
 or will you sacrifice yourself for him ? '' 
 she just stared back at him , and ryder realized that she did n't know what she 'd do . 
 he understood then just what he 'd have to do . 
 if sabine could n't fight back against those who would betray her , then he 'd damn well take them out . 
 she could hate him . 
 she could fight him . 
 but she would live . 
 all of the others would die . 
 vampire law . 
 his law . 
 you do n't hurt what 's mine . 
 no one would hurt her and keep living . 
 no . 
 one . 
 rhett yanked his hand free of the rope , sending blood spattering behind him . 
 his wrist was ripped open , thanks to all the sawing he 'd had to do on the rope . 
 but he was free now . 
 he 'd shouted until his throat ached . 
 that rat bastard vaughn had n't come back . 
 no one had come . 
 he used his bloody hand to yank at the other bonds . 
 his ankles were raw , more damage from the ropes , but with some tugs and twists and a hell of a lot of hoarse `` fucks '' , he managed to get free of those bonds . 
 then he was on his feet . 
 his first step almost sent him tumbling right down on his face . 
 the ropes had been too tight . 
 there was n't enough circulation in his feet . 
 they were numb . 
 they were - on fire as feeling surged back into them . 
 his teeth ground together as he forced himself to move . 
 he had to get out of there . 
 had to find a phone and call for help . 
 got to find sabine . 
 because if vaughn had gone after her ... the floor creaked . 
 not the floor he was standing on . 
 the creak had come from the other room , just beyond his door . 
 the building had been dead silent for so long that the quiet sound shocked him . 
 rhett 's heart slammed into his chest . 
 vaughn was back . 
 rhett scrambled back . 
 light streamed into his room now , faint light that came through the cracks in the boards that lined the windows . 
 he grabbed the chair he 'd been sitting in and lifted it over his head . 
 it would n't be much of a weapon , but he 'd do whatever the hell he had to do - in order to survive . 
 but the man who opened the door was n't vaughn . 
 the guy was some big , rough-looking bastard with black hair and glinting eyes . 
 the guy smirked as he took in rhett 's weapon and bloody form . 
 i know him . 
 rhett 's eyes narrowed . 
 this was the sob who 'd burned down the rift ! 
 rhett had seen him . 
 `` good thing i was the one to find you and not some vamp . '' 
 the man lifted one black brow . 
 `` or else feeding time would be going on right about now . '' 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 rhett did n't attack , not yet . 
 mostly because his arms were n't exactly feeling steady . 
 need another second . 
 just gathering my strength , then i 'll attack . 
 `` what do you think your sister will do in order to get you back ? '' 
 the man asked , lifting a hand to scratch his chin . 
 `` do you think she 'd trade her life for yours ? 
 maybe trade the life of her vampire lover ? '' 
 `` who the f ** k are you ? '' 
 the guy 's smirk just got bigger . 
 and rhett had gathered his strength . 
 he attacked , launching forward with the chair . 
 the guy grabbed the chair before rhett could slam it into his head . 
 the man 's fingers wrapped around the wood . 
 `` i 'm someone you do n't want as an enemy . '' 
 his eyes were n't dark any longer . 
 there was a circle of orange-red ? 
 - around his pupils . 
 as if ... as if his eyes were burning . 
 the wood began to smoke beneath the man 's hand . 
 tendrils of smoke drifted into the air . 
 then the wood caught on fire . 
 big , bright flames erupted along the surface of the broken chair . 
 rhett jerked his hand away and leapt back . 
 `` i told you , be glad i 'm not a vampire . '' 
 the chair burned to ash in a blaze that matched the fire in the man 's eyes . 
 no , not a vampire , but ... `` what are you ? '' 
 rhett 's voice was hoarse , thanks to all the damn screaming and yelling he 'd done . 
 but the guy was n't answering him . 
 he was too busy touching the wall to his right . 
 just his touch sent flames licking up the old wood and rushing toward the ceiling . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 rhett yelled-or tried to yell . 
 but , oh hell , screw stopping the guy . 
 he just needed to get away from him . 
 so rhett rushed forward . 
 he plowed his fist into the guy 's face-shit , that blow scorched his knuckles-and tried to lunge through the doorway . 
 but the hulking guy just laughed and grabbed hold of his arm . 
 `` it 's not that easy . '' 
 he looked over at the flames . 
 they were burning bright and hot . 
 `` we 'll send a little message to your sister , then we 'll let her find us . '' 
 `` if you 're killing me , do it , '' rhett snarled . 
 the guy 's hold was burning into his skin . 
 `` i 'm not going to let you use me against sabine . '' 
 the way vaughn had wanted to use him . 
 `` of course , you will . '' 
 he said it as if there had never been any doubt . 
 `` you 're just human . '' 
 the guy shrugged . 
 `` what else are you gon na do ? '' 
 kill your ass . 
 he was just close enough to do the job . 
 cocky supernatural . 
 thinking humans were n't a threat . 
 `` i did n't know if vaughn would be coming for me , or if it would be someone else . '' 
 blisters were on his skin . 
 blisters and blood and he was tired of being a punching bag . 
 rhett said , `` but even if a vampire had come through that door , i was n't gon na go down without a fight . '' 
 that stupid smirk was getting on his nerves . 
 `` why fight ? '' 
 the man asked . 
 `` the result will be the same . 
 you 'll lose . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 but rhett stopped fighting . 
 for the moment . 
 let him think i 'm weak . 
 `` you will . '' 
 then he brought up his left hand-with the broken chair leg that he 'd kept hidden-and he stabbed that chunk of wood right into the pyro 's chest . 
 the guy 's eyes widened with surprise . 
 `` guess you did n't see that coming , '' rhett said as he twisted the chunk of wood . 
 the sob 's hand fell away . 
 his body sagged to the floor . 
 `` stop underestimating humans , '' rhett bit out . 
 he turned away . 
 rushed through the door . 
 the crackle of flames grew louder behind him . 
 rhett did n't bother trying to pull the man 's body from the fire . 
 even a vamp could n't rise with a stake in his heart . 
 the fire kept spreading . 
 rhett rushed away from the flames . 
 chapter fifteen dawn had come . 
 the light spilled through the thin curtains at the cabin . 
 sabine knew ryder wanted something from her , she could see it in his eyes . 
 she just did n't know what he needed . 
 would she kill her brother ? 
 no . 
 she would n't . 
 not rhett . 
 never him . 
 but it was n't going to come down to that . 
 `` i trust rhett . '' 
 `` the way you trusted your father ? '' 
 he was pushing her . 
 if he kept that up , she 'd push back . 
 `` betrayal hurts , it 's a wound that does n't heal , not with any kind of time . '' 
 she would n't step away from him . 
 right then , sabine wanted to be close to her vampire . 
 `` how many times have you been betrayed ? '' 
 `` too many to count . '' 
 brutal . 
 `` but i made sure to always pay back those who betrayed me . '' 
 yes , she was rather sure his payback was a biting bitch . 
 she kept her hands on his shoulders as she eased back down until her feet were flat on the floor . 
 do n't kiss him again . 
 not yet . 
 when she kissed him , she just thought of sex . 
 she needed to ask him more questions . 
 this was her chance to actually unravel the mystery that was ryder . 
 she was n't giving up this chance . 
 even if she did want to strip him naked . 
 he looked good naked . 
 sabine cleared her throat . 
 `` how did you wind up in genesis ? '' 
 he knew how she 'd been tossed into that cage . 
 what about him ? 
 `` another betrayal . '' 
 he inclined his head toward her . 
 `` some vampires sent me right into a trap . 
 one i stupidly did n't see . '' 
 `` have you gotten your payback ? '' 
 his gaze seemed to see past her . 
 `` a human owned the motel they sent me to . 
 they said ... said there was one of our kind there who needed my help . 
 i went , but the human just sprung the trap . 
 you see , he sold paranormals to genesis . 
 he sold me . 
 probably dozens more , too . '' 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 `` i sent him to hell . '' 
 she should have been afraid of him . 
 any sane woman would have been scared . 
 she was n't afraid . 
 maybe she was n't sane , either . 
 `` do you know who the others are that betrayed you ? '' 
 `` two vampires are already dead , but there were more . '' 
 the puzzle pieces slipped into place for her . 
 `` when we went into that bar , bran - '' `` i wanted word to spread that i was free . 
 those who worked against me ... now they 'll know that i 'm back . 
 soon i 'll be hunting them . '' 
 `` or they 'll be hunting you . '' 
 would they just sit back and wait for death to come ? 
 not likely . 
 they 'd fight . 
 try to attack first . 
 he simply stared back at her . 
 `` let them come . 
 there is n't another vampire on this earth who is stronger than me . '' 
 she had a flash of the vampire who 'd attacked vaughn . 
 her heartbeat kicked up . 
 `` what about that freak who came after us before ? 
 the one who bit vaughn ? '' 
 `` i can handle the primals . '' 
 primals ? 
 `` they 're ... after you . '' 
 his words were halting . 
 surprise barely flickered in her . 
 because , sure , whatever , of course they would be . 
 was there anyone who was n't after her ? 
 `` why ? '' 
 sabine asked . 
 but she really wanted to know ... why ca n't they all just leave me alone ? 
 `` wyatt made them . 
 at least two others that i know about . 
 i ca n't control them , but i can kick their asses . '' 
 her heart kept beating too fast . 
 `` made them how ? '' 
 `` he used my blood . 
 he injected it into test subjects that he 'd been experimenting on for years . 
 the blood amped up their power . 
 made them into something else . '' 
 something right out of a nightmare . 
 `` but why do they want me ? '' 
 maybe she would be better off not knowing this part , but sticking her head into the sand was n't exactly an option that she wanted to take . 
 `` because i do . '' 
 gravel-rough . 
 `` with my blood , somehow , they got my cravings . 
 i think wyatt linked you and me . 
 made me want you . 
 made me - '' `` crave ? '' 
 his word . 
 but was n't that just the way she felt ? 
 like she craved his touch ? 
 his body ? 
 the wild pleasure he could give her ? 
 she 'd worried that the emotions she felt were too intense around ryder . 
 were the feelings she had the result of some experiment ? 
 was she not even controlling herself any longer ? 
 `` i 've never wanted anyone this way before , '' he said . 
 his pupils spread , pushing darkness across his eyes . 
 `` so badly that i 'd do just about anything in order to have you . '' 
 `` j-just about ? '' 
 `` you know all of me . '' 
 she could taste him . 
 could feel him . 
 her br ** sts ached . 
 her sex ... `` if you want to run from me , that might be wise . '' 
 she tried to control her breathing . 
 tried not to look like she was panting . 
 ryder shook his head . 
 `` but the truth is that even if you ran , i 'd follow you . '' 
 because he craved her ? 
 because wyatt might have drugged him ? 
 her ? 
 `` i do n't even care why i 'm this way . '' 
 his hands finally came up . 
 curled around her hips . 
 brought her against the-wow , yeah , that was some serious arousal there . 
 `` i just want you . 
 i need you , and to hell with the reason why . '' 
 okay . 
 her mouth opened for his . 
 his tongue pushed past her lips even as her fingers sank into his hair . 
 their bodies brushed , the need spiked higher , and sabine realized that , right then , she did n't care why she wanted him so much . 
 she simply needed him . 
 his hands went to the snap of her jeans . 
 she heard a pop , then the hiss as her zipper was lowered . 
 his hand pushed inside her jeans . 
 eased past her underwear . 
 his fingers brushed over her sex . 
 she stiffened , then tried to widen her stance . 
 sabine wanted to feel more of him . 
 `` already wet , '' ryder whispered against her mouth , `` and you feel so damn good when you squeeze around me . '' 
 his tongue tasted her . 
 `` so . 
 damn . 
 good . '' 
 his fingers thrust inside of her . 
 she pushed against his hand , wanting a harder touch . 
 arousal had her blood pumping faster in her veins . 
 her ni ** les were tight points , and she wanted his mouth on them . 
 wanted the wild rush of pleasure that he gave to her . 
 he gives the pleasure . 
 her hands slid to his shoulders . 
 the last time they 'd been naked , he 'd given her so much pleasure that she 'd gone a little crazy . 
 his fingers pushed into her . 
 she gasped into his mouth . 
 in another few minutes , he 'd have worked her to orgasm . 
 just with the skillful roll and thrust of his fingers . 
 the man knew how to touch . 
 she knew how to kiss . 
 she 'd always been good with her mouth . 
 her tongue slid lightly over his . 
 teasing now , when she wanted to sink into him . 
 hold back . 
 give to him . 
 sabine knew it was time for a fair exchange between them . 
 time to blow his mind . 
 no , maybe it was just time to blow him . 
 she caught his lower lip between her teeth . 
 bit lightly . 
 sucked the small wound . 
 his hand pushed harder between her legs . 
 two fingers were in her now . 
 stretching , thrusting . 
 she lowered her hand and wrapped her fingers around his wrist , stilling him . 
 then she bit his lip again . 
 because she could . 
 a harder nip . 
 they both needed the rush of pleasure . 
 life was hell . 
 the devil was chasing them . 
 maybe they could n't trust anyone else , but they had each other . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 she breathed the words and knew the desire she felt had to be reflected in her gaze . 
 his gaze promised so much pleasure . 
 he tried to pull his hand free . 
 sabine shook her head . 
 he frowned . 
 then she pushed his hand away from her . 
 slowly and ah-she could n't quite hold back that little moan of pleasure when his fingers brushed over her clit . 
 his lips parted . 
 she swallowed and kept lifting his hand . 
 then she pressed her hand against the wall , right beside his . 
 `` lift the other one , '' she told him . 
 raising a brow , he lifted his other hand and pressed it back against the wall . 
 `` stay just like that , '' she told him . 
 `` why ? '' 
 not moving . 
 obeying , for now . 
 `` because when you touch me , i lose control , and i need that control . '' 
 her hands went to his jeans . 
 unsnapped . 
 lowered the zipper . 
 `` for now , '' sabine added . 
 his teeth had sharpened . 
 he wanted to bite her . 
 she wanted his bite . 
 but she wanted to taste him , more . 
 she lowered his jeans . 
 ryder kicked them-and his boots-away . 
 his kept his hands up on the wall . 
 good . 
 his c ** k pushed toward her , rising from the dark thatch of hair at the top of his powerful thighs . 
 his c ** k was long , wide , the head already glistening with moisture . 
 her hand curled around the thick length , and she stroked him , from root to tip . 
 slowly . 
 slowly . 
 then ... harder . 
 faster . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 his voice was deeper . 
 she liked that . 
 her head was leaning forward as she caressed him and - his teeth nipped her throat . 
 a pulse of pleasure shot straight from the small bite right to her core . 
 she trembled . 
 her sex clenched . 
 `` not ... yet . '' 
 her head tilted back . 
 she stared into his face , was stunned by the stark need she saw there . 
 no one had ever looked at her that way before . 
 because of some drug ? 
 because of an experiment ? 
 no , she would n't let that be the reason . 
 ryder would want her , ryder did want her because of the way they made each other feel . 
 keeping her eyes on him , sabine slowly lowered to her knees . 
 she kept her hand wrapped around his cock , and , with their gazes locked , she put her mouth against the head of his arousal . 
 a shudder worked through his body . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 her lips opened over him . 
 her tongue snaked out , tasting the moisture on his tip . 
 her fingers curled around the base of his cock , the perfect position to let her maintain control , then she began to lick him . 
 again and again . 
 tasting his flesh , then parting her lips and taking him inside her mouth . 
 his cheeks hollowed . 
 his whole expression altered . 
 lust . 
 animal need . 
 his hands jerked away from the wall . 
 locked around her shoulders . 
 she kept tasting him . 
 her head moved up and down . 
 sabine sucked his flesh , took him in deeper , and let her tongue swirl over him . 
 he grew even bigger in her mouth . 
 his h * ps were thrusting , driving his c ** k harder against her , but she tightened her grip around him . 
 did n't take him all the way inside of her mouth . 
 instead sabine just tasted and teased and tormented . 
 `` need . 
 more . '' 
 his growl was one of the sexiest things she 'd ever heard . 
 as a reward , she gave him a little more . 
 his hands tightened on her . 
 `` fucking ... good . '' 
 it was about to get better . 
 she sucked him , harder . 
 took a little more of that heavy shaft - and he pushed her away . 
 sabine blinked . 
 `` what - '' he yanked her jeans off her . 
 shredded her underwear . 
 spun her around and lifted her against the wall . 
 before she could even say his name , ryder was plunging into her . 
 then she could only sigh his name . 
 could only lock her legs around his h * ps and shove her body back against his as hard as she could . 
 this was n't some tame need . 
 was n't something made in a lab . 
 this was lust . 
 raw . 
 as wild as it could be . 
 desperate . 
 her nails bit into his shoulders . 
 she could feel her canines stretching , sharpening , as the telltale ache filled her mouth . 
 being like this ... with him ... it made her want to bite . 
 she wanted his blood because she wanted him . 
 wanted him in her . 
 wanted him to be a part of her . 
 she sank her teeth into his neck . 
 he pumped harder . 
 her back shoved against the wall . 
 his blood was on her tongue , and the taste was strangely sweet , but rich . 
 like decadent chocolate . 
 pleasure hit her , not a crest or a spike but a shattering explosion that wrecked her . 
 her mouth lifted from his throat , and she tried to suck in some desperately needed air , but all she could do was pant and shudder because the pleasure had left her too weak . 
 pleasure unlike anything she 'd ever known . 
 the kind of pleasure , well , that people just might kill for . 
 and ryder was with her . 
 she felt the hard jerks of his hips . 
 his hands tightened even more around her as he emptied into her core . 
 when his head lifted , she saw the blindness in his gaze . 
 pleasure . 
 then his mouth was on hers . 
 stroking . 
 licking . 
 kissing . 
 her heartbeat struggled to calm down . 
 she kept touching him , because she did n't want to ever stop . 
 her legs were still tight around his hips . 
 she should probably try to stand . 
 probably , but she was n't . 
 `` you only bite me , '' he began , his words growling out , `` when we f ** k. '' she felt a blush stain her cheeks . 
 `` guess that 's when you bring out the animal in me . '' 
 his gaze searched hers . 
 `` you always seem to bring out my darkness . '' 
 he was thickening within her once more . 
 she tightened her inner muscles around him . 
 `` is that all i bring out ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she 'd hoped to get a smile from him , but his face seemed even tenser than before . 
 `` you make me very , very dangerous . '' 
 he withdrew his cock , then pushed back into her . 
 her already too-sensitive flesh loved that push . 
 `` because you make me need you too much . '' 
 was it possible to need someone too much ? 
 `` i warned you , '' he said , pushing into her again , and the rush of pleasure started to pulse through her once more , `` but it 's already too late . '' 
 she licked her lips . 
 wanted to lick him . 
 `` too late for what ? '' 
 `` to get away . '' 
 did she look like she was running ? 
 another withdraw , then a hard thrust of his flesh into hers . 
 `` you 're mine now , '' ryder said , `` and i wo n't let you go . '' 
 the words were fierce and possessive . 
 before she could speak , he was kissing her again . 
 the rhythm of his thrusts grew faster . 
 the passion flared again , and sabine forgot about warnings . 
 she only thought of pleasure . 
 the bar emptied out at dawn , the way it always did . 
 if it was a normal bar , maybe the patrons would linger . 
 there was always some kind of party in new orleans . 
 but bran 's castle was n't normal , and even though their flesh did n't burn in the sunlight-total hollywood bs-vampires did n't exactly love hopping around in the daylight . 
 they hunted better at night . 
 grayson hughes stalked around the empty interior . 
 he 'd expected ryder to return by dawn , but ryder always loved doing the unexpected . 
 tricky sob . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 the soft , feminine voice came from behind him . 
 ah , so he was n't quite alone . 
 he glanced over his shoulder and saw that julia , the sexy little bartender , was edging away from the stockroom . 
 stockroom , blood freezer , whatever you wanted to call it . 
 he raised a brow at her . 
 he 'd wondered when this conversation would happen . 
 `` i mean ... i thought this place was yours . '' 
 she smoothed her hands over the front of her jeans . 
 julia was new to the vamp life . 
 she 'd only been changed a little over a year ago . 
 `` but the dark ryder comes in and just takes over . '' 
 the dark ryder . 
 dark rider . 
 yes , that had been the name he 'd gotten centuries ago . 
 when he rode into towns and fought vampires , then left , covered in blood . 
 ryder was the vampire judge , jury , and executioner . 
 if you crossed a line , he came for you . 
 and , of course , he was the one who drew the lines to begin with . 
 the vamp with all the power . 
 because he 'd been created first . 
 `` what happens ? '' 
 grayson repeated as he turned to fully face her . 
 he knew exactly how to play this game . 
 over all the long years , he 'd gotten so good at playing roles . 
 `` what happens is that we keep our mouths shut and our minds as sealed as possible . '' 
 julia 's eyes widened . 
 `` what if he finds out about what we 've done ? '' 
 what did she think would happen ? 
 ryder would try to kill them , obviously . 
 so he just stared back at her . 
 she swallowed and glanced away . 
 after a moment , grayson said , `` if you 're smart , you wo n't talk about that again , not here . '' 
 but julia shook her head . 
 `` it does n't matter what 's said or not said . 
 he 's going to push with his power . 
 he 's going to scan us all . 
 then he 'll know . '' 
 ryder would know that they 'd been in on the plan to kill his ass ? 
 that they 'd helped to set him up ? 
 `` he wo n't know if we take him out first . '' 
 and was n't that supposed to be the goal , anyway ? 
 to stop the vamp king before he stopped them ? 
 `` call the others , '' grayson ordered her . 
 `` set up a meet . 
 ryder 's distracted by his lady , so we have time to move , now . '' 
 her lashes flickered . 
 `` his lady ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 `` i 'd wondered if he - '' `` ryder is obsessed with her . '' 
 obviously . 
 the vamp could barely keep his fangs off her . 
 `` that buys us time . '' 
 a faint smile curved julia 's full lips . 
 `` yes , it does . 
 i 'll get all the others , and we 'll do it-we 'll kill him . '' 
 her face did n't look so soft or so sweet as she said , `` let 's see how he likes it when all of his power is ripped away . 
 when he becomes just like the rest of us . '' 
 chapter sixteen they 'd made it to the couch . 
 lost the rest of their clothes . 
 her body was so sated that she never wanted to move , and sabine could admit , she rather enjoyed the way ryder 's arms felt around her . 
 `` what 's going to happen ? '' 
 sabine asked him because she could n't help herself . 
 `` is there any way out for us ? '' 
 frowning , he raised his head to look down at her . 
 his fingers skimmed up her arm . 
 `` we 're going to kill our enemies . '' 
 said with perfect certainty . 
 `` make them beg for death . 
 then we 're going to walk away . '' 
 her lips had curled into a smile at first , then she realized he was dead serious . 
 `` uh , i have n't exactly ever made anyone beg for death . '' 
 her smile dipped down . 
 `` genesis ... that lady there tried to turn me into a weapon , but i could n't even carry out one job . 
 the werewolf ... '' her fingers rose to her stomach . 
 the wounds were gone , but the memory would always be there to terrify her . 
 `` he just ripped me open . '' 
 ryder shifted their positions , moving so that she lay beneath him on the couch . 
 then he slid down , pushing between her legs . 
 his mouth lowered over her stomach , and he pressed a light kiss to the skin there . 
 `` you scared the hell out of me then . '' 
 she stared at his bent head . 
 to be so fierce , he had his tender moments . 
 she 'd never felt more cherished in her whole life than she did in that moment . 
 she could feel his arousal , but he was n't pushing her . 
 he was just ... kissing a wound that was n't there . 
 and his kisses were making it all better , well , almost all better . 
 `` i would have just burned , '' she said , and her fingers brushed through his hair . 
 `` even if your blood had n't turned me , i would have come back . '' 
 his head lifted . 
 `` you were terrified . 
 you did n't want to die . '' 
 his jaw locked . 
 `` so i did n't let you . '' 
 his words sent a whisper of cold blowing around her heart . 
 `` you ca n't always stop death . '' 
 `` i can try . '' 
 she swallowed . 
 trying and succeeding were two very different things . 
 `` what happened to the werewolf ? '' 
 she had n't cared to ask before . 
 sabine had just been glad to get away from the beast . 
 `` why ? 
 do you want me to kill him for you ? '' 
 said so simply . 
 sabine could n't speak . 
 `` he was n't always like that , '' ryder said . 
 his fingers brushed lightly over her stomach . 
 `` wyatt experimented on him , too . 
 pushed his beast into taking over . 
 i 'm not even sure that any part of the man is left within him now . '' 
 `` is he loose ? '' 
 she asked , as her heartbeat kicked up and she finally found words . 
 ryder nodded . 
 `` him ... and dozens of other monsters that wyatt played god with in his labs . '' 
 other monsters ... like the primal vampires . 
 `` do you want me to kill him ? '' 
 ryder asked again . 
 `` because i can hunt him . 
 i can - '' sabine put her fingers to his lips . 
 part of her wanted to kill the wolf herself . 
 a very , very big part . 
 but another part of her had recognized the animal in him . 
 an animal that had been in such horrible pain . 
 she 'd looked into his eyes . 
 seen rage and hate and fear . 
 he had n't been trying to kill her . 
 she 'd been in his way . 
 but ... `` we deal with the immediate threats , '' sabine said , because they had to create a plan . 
 `` then we 'll start dealing with wyatt 's mess . '' 
 someone would have to clean up after him . 
 why not them ? 
 clearing her throat , she said , `` w-we ca n't hide here forever . '' 
 our enemies will find us sooner or later . 
 he blinked at her . 
 `` i 'm not hiding . 
 i hide from no one . '' 
 now she did smile . 
 `` of course you do n't . 
 we came here because - '' `` because you needed to remember your life . 
 who you are on the inside has n't changed . '' 
 her smile faded . 
 `` you 're still the girl who fished with her father . 
 still the girl who jumped from the pier . 
 the girl in all those pictures that line the walls . '' 
 his gaze searched hers . 
 `` and you 're also the woman that i f ** ked so well here all morning . '' 
 okay , now that sent a ripple of surprise through her . 
 `` you 're not some monster . 
 you 're still you . 
 and , sabine , that 's - '' he broke off as his head jerked up . 
 then his gaze flew to the door . 
 she strained , trying to use her new , enhanced senses . 
 yes , she could hear a car 's engine , but the sound was faint , still far away . 
 ryder was on his feet in an instant . 
 he yanked up his jeans . 
 sabine scrambled for her clothes . 
 the last thing she felt like doing was facing an enemy naked . 
 she hopped as she put on her jeans and snatched the shirt over her head . 
 ryder was n't waiting for the enemy to come in . 
 he 'd already run out the front door . 
 typical . 
 her vamp always attacked first , then asked his questions later . 
 provided , of course , that his enemies were still breathing and could answer any questions . 
 the engine had come closer . 
 a few moments later , a car door slammed . 
 she caught a raised voice , a male who asked , `` what are you - '' her blood froze . 
 she knew that voice . 
 sabine raced outside . 
 the two men had stilled , facing off against each other . 
 ryder and ... rhett ? 
 she did n't realize she 'd whispered her brother 's name , but then she was running as fast as she could and throwing her arms around him . 
 he staggered back when her body collided with his , but then his arms wrapped around her . 
 she smelled blood and ash , and she was afraid for him and so happy and she was laughing as she held him . 
 not dead . 
 not dead . 
 not dead . 
 the litany repeated over and over in her head . 
 `` it 's okay , '' rhett told her . 
 `` sabe , you 're squeezing the life out of me . 
 i swear , i 'm all right . '' 
 but she did n't want to let him go . 
 she also did n't want to hurt him . 
 so she eased back , just a little bit . 
 `` how are you here ? '' 
 his face was pale and tired . 
 `` i tried to figure out a safe place you 'd go . '' 
 where 's your safe place ? 
 she glanced back at ryder . 
 he gave her a little nod . 
 her breath heaved out . 
 ryder had known . 
 she swallowed . 
 he 'd known that her brother might break free of whatever prison held him . 
 and he 'd wanted to take her to a place where rhett would be able to find her . 
 he 'd found her . 
 she squeezed him again . 
 `` do n't break my ribs ! '' 
 rhett gasped out . 
 whoops . 
 `` sorry , '' she mumbled . 
 she 'd have to be more careful with that vamp strength . 
 `` we should move this inside , '' ryder said , his voice mild . 
 `` there 's always the chance that he was followed . '' 
 she eased away from him , but sabine kept a strong hold on rhett 's arm . 
 she did n't touch his bloody wrists or the blisters on his flesh . 
 sabine was as careful as she could be . 
 `` there 's no chance i was followed . '' 
 rhett came easily with her . 
 `` i staked the bastard who came for me . '' 
 her gaze met ryder 's . 
 `` a vampire attacked you ? '' 
 `` no , that ass ** le from the rift-the sob who burned down my bar . 
 he can touch things and they burn . '' 
 dante . 
 ryder let them enter the cabin first . 
 his gaze swept behind them . 
 `` you killed him ? '' 
 sabine asked , just to be sure . 
 `` you saw him die ? '' 
 `` i drove a chunk of wood into his heart . '' 
 rhett 's shoulders sagged as soon as he was in the cabin . 
 as if he thought ... i 'm safe here . 
 but he was n't . 
 `` the fire was burning all around us . 
 he was dead when he fell , i know he was , and the fire was just going to burn right over him . '' 
 not exactly . 
 sabine 's gaze met ryder 's . 
 `` was he followed ? '' 
 `` i was n't ! '' 
 rhett immediately huffed . 
 `` he was dead , i tell you , he was - '' `` he 'll come back . '' 
 sabine tried to keep her voice steady . 
 `` that man , his name is dante , and he is n't dead . '' 
 rhett shook his head . 
 `` bull . 
 even vamps ca n't come back if you stake their hearts . 
 i took out that guy and - '' `` he was n't a vampire . 
 you killed him , yes . '' 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` but after he burns , he 'll come back . 
 he 's a phoenix , and death does n't stop him . '' 
 it just pisses him off . 
 her brother shook his head . 
 `` that 's insane ! 
 a phoenix ? 
 like the myth ? 
 the big bird that burns and - '' `` not exactly like the myth , '' ryder interrupted as his gaze studied rhett . 
 `` but close enough . '' 
 `` he 's dead . '' 
 rhett was definite . 
 a faint flush stained his cheeks . 
 `` we have other things to worry about instead of focusing on a corpse . 
 like dad-he 's gone . 
 the house is empty . 
 what if vaughn grabbed him , too ? '' 
 tell him . 
 `` i know dante is n't dead because '' - she inhaled slowly and made her gaze hold his - `` because i was like him . '' 
 rhett had finally stopped talking . 
 his head tilted as he studied her . 
 `` dad is n't in town , '' sabine continued . 
 `` he 's gone because i told him to leave . 
 i did n't want anyone coming after him . '' 
 `` and he just what-picked up and left ? 
 left you ? 
 left me ? 
 that 's not the way this family does things ! '' 
 `` he sent mom out of town to keep her safe . 
 he 's gone to be with her . '' 
 she straightened her shoulders . 
 tell . 
 him . 
 `` he 's the one ... he 's the reason i vanished , rhett . 
 dad knew what i was . 
 all along , he knew . '' 
 `` yeah , he knew you were his kid so - '' he was n't listening . 
 after everything that had happened , did he just not want to hear this ? 
 denial could be a powerful thing . 
 `` dad knew that i was a phoenix . '' 
 she kept her voice calm because she had to , but sabine wanted to scream . 
 `` he thought ... he said he thought that by sending me to the genesis facility , he 'd be helping me . '' 
 rhett 's eyes had widened . 
 `` no , you-you were missing . 
 we were all worried . 
 mom ... she went in the hospital - '' ryder crossed his arms over his chest . 
 watched . 
 waited . 
 `` he did n't tell you what he 'd done . 
 did n't tell mom . 
 did n't tell me . '' 
 she pressed her lips together and remembered the terror of waking up and being tossed at a vampire . 
 her gaze slid to ryder 's . 
 the memory was between them . 
 a muscle flexed in his jaw . 
 `` dad said he wanted to help me , but , rhett , genesis did n't help . '' 
 `` i saw the news , '' he muttered . 
 he ran a shaking hand over his face . 
 `` they were torturing - '' he broke off and sucked in a ragged breath . 
 `` did they hurt you , sabe ? '' 
 now he was the one to grab her . 
 to hold too tight . 
 `` did they ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he blanched . 
 she would n't tell him what had been done . 
 there were some things that a brother did n't need to hear . 
 some things that a sister could n't say . 
 but rhett was a smart guy . 
 always had been . 
 `` you know ... you know the phoenix guy is coming back because they killed you and you came back . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` dad ... he did that to you ? '' 
 whispered . 
 humming with fury . 
 `` he thought ... he said he wanted to help me . 
 to make me normal . '' 
 he yanked her against his chest . 
 almost broke her ribs with his fierce grip . 
 `` fuck normal . 
 you 're perfect just the way you are , even if you burn . '' 
 or bite ? 
 over rhett 's shoulder , her stare met ryder 's . 
 `` i want you to leave town , too , rhett , '' she whispered . 
 he pulled back , fast . 
 `` hell , no . '' 
 `` hell , yes , '' she shot right back , voice gaining strength and volume . 
 she eased away , putting some space between them . 
 `` you ca n't handle this fight . '' 
 his chin notched up . 
 `` it sure looked like i handled that dante fellow pretty damn well . '' 
 had he ? 
 or had it been a trick ? 
 was dante tracking them even now ? 
 and why ? 
 why would n't he just let her go ? 
 but ryder strode to her side then , and he faced off against her brother . 
 `` you ca n't handle vampires . 
 ca n't handle the flames when they come . 
 you 'll die . 
 she 'll mourn . 
 is that what you want ? '' 
 `` i want my sister back ! 
 i want our life back ! '' 
 but sabine had realized something . 
 something ryder had told her before , but she just had n't been ready to hear it . 
 `` that life is over . '' 
 even once the bastards after them were gone , returning to her old life ... not an option . 
 `` i ca n't be the same any longer . '' 
 she looked down at his hands . 
 already , she 'd brought him pain . 
 `` you need to get away from me . '' 
 `` no , i need to stand by you . '' 
 did n't he see ? 
 `` vaughn was your friend . 
 he - '' `` was ? '' 
 hell . 
 rhett 's whole body had tensed . 
 `` did something happen to the jerk ? '' 
 `` a vampire happened , '' ryder told him , and sabine was glad he took that burden from her . 
 `` one with a very powerful strain of infection . '' 
 `` so vamps have an infection now ? '' 
 `` these do , '' ryder said , voice flat . 
 `` wyatt created them . 
 screwed with things he should have left alone . 
 one of those vampires attacked vaughn . '' 
 rhett rocked back on his heels . 
 `` that 's why he did n't come back for me . '' 
 because he was dead . 
 and if rhett did n't get far away , he 'd be dead , too . 
 `` please , '' sabine whispered . 
 `` get out of town . '' 
 rhett shook his head . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . '' 
 they had to make him go . 
 had to make - ryder caught her hand . 
 her head turned toward him . 
 she knew exactly what she had to do . 
 what she had to ask . 
 `` ryder , make him leave . '' 
 `` he can try , '' rhett snapped and he pushed his way between them . 
 `` but it 's not happening . 
 i 'm here , i 'm staying in this fight , and , shit , that had better not be your panties on the floor . '' 
 and in the midst of everything , oh crap , she 'd forgotten her underwear . 
 rhett was beaten , exhausted , and ... furious . 
 he whirled on ryder . 
 `` did you just have sex with my sister ? '' 
 his voice had dropped to a deadly whisper . 
 `` all this other shit , and you think you 're good enough to touch her ? '' 
 his hands were fisted . 
 `` i do n't care if you 're a vamp , i do n't care if you 're the freaking king of vampires - '' um , yes , well , he kind of was . '' 
 - you do n't mess with - '' `` he did n't have sex with me , '' sabine said as she hurried to step between them . 
 rhett needed to seriously focus . 
 killers were after them . 
 life-and-death situations were happening every minute . 
 and she was n't sixteen . 
 if she wanted to screw her vamp , then she would . 
 `` sabine , '' rhett began . 
 `` i seduced him . 
 and i liked it . '' 
 ryder gave a choked laugh . 
 `` trust me , i liked it , too . '' 
 but rhett 's face was still flushed . 
 protective big brother . 
 trying to fight every battle for her . 
 not caring if she was human or phoenix or anything else . 
 loving her , either way . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she told rhett , `` but it has to be this way . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` bite him , ryder , '' she said . 
 she did n't know how to control someone through the blood . 
 could n't even begin to figure that out right then . 
 but ryder knew just what to do . 
 rhett 's face went slack with shock . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i have to keep you safe . '' 
 there was no other choice for her . 
 ryder grabbed her brother . 
 easily held him while rhett thrashed . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 ryder demanded . 
 `` sabine ! '' 
 her brother snarled . 
 `` yes , '' she said , staring into her brother 's eyes , `` i am . '' 
 and she turned away while ryder took her brother 's blood . 
 keith adams pounded his fist against the front door of bran 's castle . 
 he hated coming to this place , but his options were slim and f ** king none . 
 the door opened . 
 a man stood before him . 
 tall . 
 bored-looking . 
 `` where 's ryder ? '' 
 keith demanded . 
 he did n't have much time . 
 `` not here . '' 
 great . 
 `` he told me to come . 
 i have information for him . '' 
 `` do you now ? '' 
 still no real interest on the guy 's face . 
 keith frowned at him . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm ryder 's friend . 
 name 's grayson . '' 
 grayson opened the door , indicating that keith should come inside . 
 why ? 
 because he looked stupid ? 
 `` i 've got five men with guns pointing dead-on at this place right now , '' keith snapped . 
 `` you make a move at me , vamp , and you 'll find wooden bullets in your heart . '' 
 now the guy did n't look quite so bored . 
 `` i need to talk to ryder . '' 
 he needed the guy now . 
 `` i can help him , if he 'll help me . '' 
 `` and how can a human help a vampire ? '' 
 the one called grayson wanted to know . 
 `` unless , of course , you 're going to bleed for him . '' 
 `` i know where sabine 's brother is , okay ? 
 tell him ... i know . 
 i can take him to the warehouse . 
 i can get the dogs off sabine and rhett , but ryder 's gon na have to do something for me . '' 
 `` sabine , '' the guy whispered her name . 
 `` does n't she just come up a lot in conversation ? '' 
 `` ryder has to meet me . 
 he and sabine . 
 tell them to come to forty-nine chartres . 
 we can work out a deal . '' 
 `` doubtful . '' 
 grayson sounded dismissive . 
 `` ryder does n't exactly deal with humans . 
 unless he 's eating them . '' 
 `` tell him , '' keith snarled . 
 he should be handling this better . 
 he just could n't . 
 not with his son ... keith cleared his throat . 
 `` tell him . 
 tell him to come at midnight . 
 we can make this nightmare go away . '' 
 `` what if he does n't want to make it go away ? '' 
 `` he will . '' 
 then he played his trump card . 
 actually , the only card he had left , especially since he was bullshitting about rhett . 
 he had no idea where that guy was . 
 hopefully , the hell away from new orleans . 
 `` and tell ryder that malcolm sends his regards . '' 
 the vamp frowned at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` malcolm . '' 
 he 'd already been out in the open long enough . 
 he did n't trust the vamps not to attack . 
 the primals were out there on the streets of new orleans , two according to his intel , but if those two had already bit and infected other humans ... we have to stop this . 
 ryder was his only hope . 
 keith turned away . 
 `` the guns are gon na stay on you until i 'm clear . '' 
 not his first ball game with the undead . 
 but the coming battle might just prove to be his last . 
 `` i 'm going back to the bar , '' ryder said . 
 he glanced at sabine 's brother . 
 the guy was pale , but not fighting . 
 why would he fight now ? 
 sabine lightly touched rhett 's shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she kept apologizing to the guy . 
 ryder shook his head . 
 `` rhett , i want you to take your car and get out of new orleans . '' 
 the link was effortless . 
 humans were so easy to control . 
 rhett rose to his feet . 
 his gaze drifted to sabine . 
 `` go to memphis , '' ryder instructed . 
 he could just think the instructions and rhett would obey , but he said them out loud so sabine would know all of the plans . 
 `` find a club called the blue jay . 
 tell the bartender that i sent you . '' 
 rhett would fit right in there , and jay would make sure the guy was safe , until ryder sent for him again . 
 rhett nodded . 
 `` i can ... feel you . '' 
 he rubbed his temples . 
 almost clawed at them . 
 stop . 
 rhett 's hands dropped . 
 `` in my head . 
 you 're ... in my head . '' 
 his eyes were wide with horror , but he made no move to attack ryder . 
 you want to fight me . 
 you ca n't . 
 so you just need to walk out that door . 
 get in your car . 
 drive to memphis . 
 slowly , very , very slowly , rhett started to walk . 
 but then his gaze drifted to sabine . 
 guilt was written all over her face . 
 tell her you love her . 
 ryder did n't even know why he sent the command , but rhett 's voice rasped , `` i love you . '' 
 sabine 's eyes squeezed shut , as if she could n't bear to look at her brother . 
 `` i love you , too , and i swear , i 'll make this up to you . 
 i swear . '' 
 rhett lifted his hands . 
 pushed hard against his temples once more . 
 `` in ... my ... head . '' 
 stop . 
 `` hurts , '' rhett whispered , sounding lost . 
 sabine opened her eyes , frowning at him . 
 `` what hurts ? '' 
 perhaps this human was n't as weak as he 'd originally thought . 
 walk away , now . 
 ryder focused harder and actually got the guy to move . 
 one foot . 
 another . 
 a few more steps , then rhett opened the door . 
 do n't look back . 
 rhett 's body trembled . 
 the human had one strong will . 
 stronger than any ryder had encountered before . 
 `` keep her ... safe , '' rhett rasped . 
 `` or i 'll ... stake you . '' 
 you can try . 
 ryder gave another hard mental push , and rhett left the cabin . 
 sabine stared after him . 
 she did n't speak until she heard the car crank up . 
 then drive away . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she should n't really thank him . 
 once rhett got far enough away , the guy might just be able to fight that compulsion . 
 and come back . 
 so they did n't have time to waste . 
 `` we need to get to the bar . '' 
 she nodded . 
 he crossed to her . 
 caught her shoulders in his hands . 
 `` i 'm going to have to kill today . '' 
 her breath whispered out . 
 `` keith - '' perhaps , but first he had a few other priorities . 
 `` i ca n't let my enemies go any longer . '' 
 the longer he waited , the more dangerous they became . 
 when you were betrayed , you had to strike back . 
 a fast and brutal strike . 
 `` if i do n't go after them , they 'll come for me . 
 and for you . '' 
 because needing her so much was a weakness that others would try to use against him . 
 `` wyatt and his scientists used you against me in genesis . 
 no one else can do that . 
 ever . '' 
 `` wh-what do you mean ? '' 
 `` vampires sold me out before , so vampires are dying today . '' 
 the trap should be set . 
 he 'd given the orders . 
 put the plan into motion . 
 now it was time to kill . 
 `` if you do n't want to watch what 's coming , then you need to stay here . '' 
 `` they 're - you think they 're going to try and kill you ? '' 
 he laughed at that question . 
 `` you 're not the only one with enemies on your trail . 
 they 'll try . 
 they 'll fail . 
 i 'll succeed . '' 
 because the minute he got close enough to the traitorous vamps , the battle would be over . 
 he 'd compel them . 
 control them . 
 end them . 
 maybe he did n't want sabine to see this fight . 
 watching him control her brother had been bad enough . 
 watching him get a group of vamps to stake themselves ... well , that would n't exactly be a warm and fuzzy memory for her . 
 `` stay here , '' he said , voice deepening . 
 not so much a question any longer , but an order . 
 she shook her head at him . 
 `` you need me . 
 i 'm coming . '' 
 `` i do n't - '' `` i 'm coming with you , ryder . '' 
 shrugging , she said , `` besides , if i stay here , all alone , who knows what could happen ? 
 maybe rhett was followed , maybe - '' hell . 
 `` just do n't try to stop me . '' 
 she shrugged again . 
 the shrug was no answer . 
 they both realized that . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 her name came out on a sigh . 
 `` do n't try to stop me . 
 they 've got this death coming . '' 
 her brows lowered . 
 `` how can you know that you 'll be targeting the right ones ? '' 
 `` because i have a spy in their camp . '' 
 one who had been assigned the job of rooting out the vamps who 'd sent him to hell . 
 `` and that vamp is ready to serve the others up to me . '' 
 he just had to go in . 
 and deliver his justice . 
 chapter seventeen bran 's castle did n't look nearly as ... exciting during the day . 
 there were no glasses filled with blood . 
 no vamps lurking in the corner . 
 there was n't much of anything happening there . 
 the place could have been any human bar . 
 `` ryder . '' 
 okay , so maybe there was one vampire lurking around . 
 sabine turned and saw grayson heading out of the back room . 
 the scent of blood followed him . 
 `` we 've got a big problem , '' grayson snapped . 
 he shot her a quick glance . 
 she tried to look cool and in control . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 ryder demanded . 
 he sounded cool and in control . 
 she wanted to be like that . 
 `` julia 's getting-shit , forget about them a minute , okay ? '' 
 grayson ran a shaking hand through his hair . 
 the mussed look suggested he 'd been yanking a hand through his hair for a while now . 
 `` a human came by , looking for you . 
 he said that he had what you wanted . '' 
 `` keith , '' sabine whispered . 
 but how could he have what they wanted ? 
 rhett was gone . 
 safe . 
 `` the guy asked that you meet him , at midnight tonight , in some place on chartres . '' 
 `` screw him , '' ryder said as he headed toward the bar . 
 `` i do n't need - '' `` malcolm . '' 
 ryder froze . 
 then he turned , his movements tight , and stared back at grayson . 
 `` why the hell did you just say his name ? '' 
 `` because your human friend told me that malcolm sends his regards . '' 
 the vampire was sweating . 
 his hands shoved through his hair again . 
 fear . 
 `` but that 's total bullshit , right ? 
 i heard the stories . 
 your brother is dead . '' 
 `` dead and buried , '' ryder agreed . 
 his jaw had locked . 
 `` so why did the guy say that ? '' 
 `` because he 's trying to rattle us . '' 
 ryder rolled his shoulders as if pushing away tension . 
 `` keith knows that he does n't have what we really wanted , and he 's trying to draw me out for a fight . '' 
 `` who the hell is he ? '' 
 grayson wanted to know . 
 `` he 's just a human who thinks he can manipulate me . 
 but that 's not going to happen . '' 
 ryder shrugged . 
 `` now where 's julia ? '' 
 grayson opened his mouth to speak . 
 sabine beat him to the punch . 
 `` you 're just going to ignore this ? 
 what if-what if malcolm is somehow alive ? '' 
 malcolm . 
 the guy scared her . 
 scared her more than genesis , and that was saying a whole lot . 
 `` he is n't alive . '' 
 `` how would keith even know - '' `` because we all use spies to get our dirty work done . '' 
 ryder cast a quick look at grayson . 
 `` keith said he had a person at genesis . 
 that person could have talked to some vamps there . 
 could have heard about my brother . 
 his existence was n't exactly a secret . '' 
 `` more like a legend , '' grayson mumbled . 
 ryder frowned at him . 
 `` malcolm is n't a threat that we need to worry about . 
 the vampires after me - '' `` the ones who are planning to cut off your head , '' grayson supplied , rather helpfully , sabine thought . 
 `` they 're the threat that we eliminate first . '' 
 ryder crossed his arms and studied grayson . 
 `` so what did you find out ? '' 
 `` there are six ... here in new orleans . 
 they 're all young , fairly new changes , and they - '' the bar 's front door flew open and slammed into the wall . 
 `` and they 're not as stupid as you think , '' julia snarled as she rushed inside . 
 `` i knew all along you were still sided with this bastard ! '' 
 sabine eased back , taking a few fast steps closer to ryder . 
 she was n't fast enough . 
 because julia was n't the only vampire to come rushing in that door . 
 three others followed her and two burst in from the bar 's back door . 
 ryder just stared at them all . 
 the vamps were armed , some with guns , some with stakes . 
 they looked pissed and scared and determined . 
 ryder laughed at them and said , `` you 're exactly as stupid as i thought . 
 i just needed grayson to get you all together , to pull you out into the open . '' 
 he glanced at the vampire with the stake . 
 ryder 's eyes narrowed . 
 sabine knew exactly what he was doing . 
 telling him to kill himself . 
 the vampire raised the stake . 
 started screaming , `` stop it ! 
 stop it ! '' 
 his hand curled toward his own chest . 
 ryder glanced away from him . 
 stared at a redhead with scruffy hair . 
 the man lifted the gun he held to his head . 
 she did n't want to see this . 
 ryder had been right when he 'd tried to get her to stay away . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 julia screamed . 
 her scream was n't directed at ryder . 
 it was directed at the vampires-her men-who were turning to flee . 
 but those men suddenly froze in place . 
 ryder . 
 `` all vampires have blood that links to me , '' he said simply . 
 and his control , his power , it was terrifying . 
 terror was exactly the emotion reflected on julia 's face . 
 `` that 's why we have to kill you , '' she whispered , licking her lips . 
 `` if we 're ever going to be free , you have to die . 
 he was right . '' 
 he ? 
 but sabine did n't get to question her . 
 more glass exploded because more vampires were attacking , only these vampires were different . 
 too many teeth . 
 too many claws . 
 primals . 
 and not just the other two that had escaped from genesis . 
 at least seven primals had just leapt through the broken glass of the windows and rushed into the bar . 
 `` we brought some backup , '' julia said . 
 she smiled , flashing her fangs . 
 `` i bet you did n't see that coming . '' 
 no , they had n't . 
 the primals ran forward , attacking , but they were n't going for ryder . 
 all of those black claws , those sharp teeth - they 're coming for me . 
 they closed in as sabine screamed . 
 keith paced around the small apartment . 
 midnight would be coming all too soon . 
 they had to be ready . 
 he glanced to the left , at the woman who stood so still and silent near the window . 
 `` you 're sure you can do this ? '' 
 she turned toward him . 
 small , with golden skin and wide , almond-shaped eyes , she did n't look particularly strong . 
 but sometimes , strength was n't physical . 
 for her , it was all mental . 
 `` if you bring me the phoenix , i should be able to save your son . '' 
 yes , he noticed her very careful should be . 
 because cassandra armstrong was n't going to make a promise she could n't keep . 
 she was already nervous , already so scared he 'd caught her hand shaking when she 'd injected vaughn with a sedative . 
 but cassandra was n't going to break and run . 
 she 'd dealt with plenty of supernaturals before . 
 and she was his only hope . 
 `` she 's coming . '' 
 little sabine acadia . 
 who would have known that she 'd be the key to saving so many people ? 
 `` is she coming ... willingly ? '' 
 cassandra asked carefully . 
 not exactly . 
 but he nodded anyway . 
 when it came to his son , willingness did n't matter . 
 nothing mattered but saving vaughn . 
 stopping him from being a monster . 
 but he did n't tell cassandra that part . 
 she would n't understand . 
 she hated what wyatt had done . 
 she was on some quest to help the supernaturals , to make up for all the wrongs that genesis had done to them . 
 good f ** king luck to her . 
 he just wanted his son back . 
 and he 'd do anything , use anyone , if it meant that vaughn could be more than just a killing machine . 
 when those bastards closed in on sabine , something broke inside of ryder . 
 he did n't care about control or caution . 
 he had only one thought . 
 kill them . 
 so the vampire with a stake at his own heart and the vampire with the gun at his head-they both turned instantly ... and attacked the primals . 
 julia screamed , even as she , too , lifted the weapon she 'd tucked in her jeans and fired on the primals . 
 all those vampires who 'd thought to take him out , ryder turned them on the primals . 
 take them out . 
 get their attention . 
 stop them . 
 kill them . 
 `` fucking bloodbath , '' grayson muttered . 
 he tried to run forward and attack the primals , too . 
 ryder grabbed his arm . 
 grayson was his oldest friend . 
 that meant something . 
 even in the roar of his fury . 
 `` stay back or you 'll die , too . '' 
 `` staying the hell back , '' grayson agreed as he jumped behind the bar 's counter . 
 a primal sank his teeth into julia 's throat . 
 she screamed and fired her gun right into his heart . 
 one primal was already on the ground , a stake in his heart . 
 another primal had just ripped a gun away from his attackers . 
 but there were still others . 
 still too many vampires ... get them away from sabine . 
 because he could n't hear her screams anymore . 
 she had to be okay . 
 too many bodies were in his way . 
 he could n't even see her . 
 ryder tried to reach her mind . 
 sabine . 
 a wall of flames flickered in his mind 's eye . 
 still flames . 
 with her , he was starting to realize that would always be the case . 
 then a vampire-a primal-flew back through the air . 
 a stake was embedded in his heart . 
 `` i 'm not '' - sabine shoved her hair back over her shoulder and wiped away the blood that dripped down her chin - `` helpless anymore . 
 not human ... so back away ! '' 
 but they were n't backing away . 
 the primals were slicing right through the other vampires , the other fools who 'd been stupid enough to think they could control these predators . 
 but ryder could attack . 
 he could kill . 
 now that he knew sabine was alive , he could actually think again . 
 he shoved his claws into the chest of one primal . 
 had his heart before the man could scream . 
 there were so many screams around him . 
 ryder sliced the throat of another . 
 sabine had a chair in her arms . 
 when a primal vamp came at her , she shoved it at him . 
 the chair leg sank into his chest . 
 the vamp fell to the floor . 
 the primals were dying . 
 those still living should have tried to run , but they just kept trying to get to sabine . 
 ryder grabbed the next bastard who was attempting to bite his woman . 
 `` need ... her ... '' - the primal 's eyes looked blind - `` her ... blood ... '' `` you 're not getting it . '' 
 ryder sliced his throat . 
 took his head . 
 dropped his body . 
 moved on to the next target . 
 `` none of you are getting to her . '' 
 but the primals were so close to the one thing they wanted most-sabine 's blood . 
 and they were fighting with a wild ferocity as they realized that death was stalking them . 
 because he sure as hell was . 
 then one primal made the mistake of driving his fist into sabine 's jaw . 
 he yanked the makeshift weapon from her hands and shoved his fangs into her throat . 
 the world became a sea of red rage for ryder . 
 he tore through everyone in his path . 
 his claws sliced . 
 his teeth bit . 
 flesh tore . 
 screams surrounded him . 
 get to her . 
 sabine 's arms came up . 
 `` get away ! '' 
 the faintest tendril of smoke appeared between her and the primal . 
 ryder reached out and grabbed the bastard-even as the primal started to howl in pain . 
 the primal 's chest was burning . 
 from the inside ? 
 ryder swung him around . 
 the guy sliced out with his claws , digging deep . 
 and ryder just laughed . 
 then he picked up the still-smoking bastard and tossed him across the room . 
 the man slammed into the bar . 
 grayson lunged up and staked him . 
 ryder stood there , chest heaving , fury boiling his blood . 
 his head turned , and he met sabine 's wide-eyed stare . 
 she had her hands at her throat . 
 her lips were trembling . 
 as she stared at him , there was no missing the fear in her gaze . 
 his racing heartbeat began to slow . 
 ryder shook his head and glanced around . 
 bodies littered the floor . 
 blood . 
 so much blood . 
 all of the primals were dead . 
 their eyes stared sightlessly ahead . 
 some of them ... his chin lifted . 
 he did n't remember even making the brutal attacks , but he knew the kills were his . 
 i lost it . 
 when they went for her ... and the vampires that had thought to attack him ? 
 all but one of them had already died . 
 the only one left was julia . 
 she lay sprawled on the floor , a giant chunk of wood in her chest . 
 her gasping breaths seemed to echo in the room . 
 ryder did n't want to touch sabine . 
 not yet . 
 not with so much blood on his hands . 
 and there was still one more piece of business to finish . 
 he turned away from her . 
 walked toward julia 's desperate form . 
 his shoes slid in the blood that surrounded her . 
 then he was bending over her . 
 her gaze met his . 
 a faint smile lifted her lips . 
 `` you think ... won ? '' 
 yes , he f ** king did . 
 his hands closed around the stake . 
 `` did you ... give her a ... choice ? '' 
 ryder 's eyes narrowed . 
 he heard the faint rustle of steps behind him . 
 felt sabine standing at his back . 
 julia 's gaze was n't on him . 
 it was on sabine . 
 `` did you ... ask to be ... like this ? '' 
 grayson had come from his position behind the bar . 
 he stood on julia 's right side . 
 not touching her . 
 just staring at her with a mix of pity and fury in his eyes . 
 `` did ... you ? '' 
 julia pressed as her chest heaved . 
 `` i asked to live , '' sabine said , her voice soft . 
 `` but you did n't know ... '' julia 's lips curved in a faint smile . 
 `` the price he 'd ... make you pay . '' 
 ryder stiffened . 
 `` i ... did n't ... know ... i did n't ... ask ... '' `` is that why you sent me to genesis ? 
 because you and the others had n't asked to be vampires ? '' 
 ryder asked , voice rough . 
 `` i did n't turn you , i did n't - '' `` you ... started it . 
 you turned ... him . 
 made us all . '' 
 him . 
 malcolm . 
 `` some things ... should n't be made . '' 
 his fingers were curled around the chunk of wood in her chest . 
 one twist of his hand , and she would be dead . 
 `` and here i thought it was all about you wanting to be free of me . 
 because i controlled you all . '' 
 `` they wanted ... said you could n't control them . '' 
 they ? 
 would that be the dead vamps on the floor ? 
 `` i wanted ... free ... in different way . '' 
 `` she did n't want to be a vampire , '' sabine said , sadness tingeing her words . 
 `` she just wanted to be normal . '' 
 `` normal 's overrated , '' grayson muttered . 
 `` there 's no going back , '' ryder said . 
 surely julia realized that . 
 `` you ca n't be human once you 've changed . '' 
 `` i know ... '' ryder stared at the wood in her chest . 
 she 'd been in on the plan to take him out . 
 not the leader , he sensed that , so maybe one of the broken vamps behind him had planned everything . 
 but julia ... she 'd known . 
 and she was n't fighting death . 
 it would be so easy to take her out . 
 but sabine was touching the back of his shoulder . 
 gentle fingertips . 
 sabine ... who also had n't known exactly what she was getting into when she became a vampire . 
 ryder had n't been given a choice . 
 he 'd just woken to bloodlust . 
 a new life . 
 julia ... he remembered her story . 
 she 'd been attacked by a vampire . 
 raped . 
 bled nearly dry . 
 but then that vamp had transformed her . 
 that vamp ... `` i killed him , '' ryder said as his fingers slid away from the wood . 
 `` i killed the vampire who made you . '' 
 and she 'd still come after him ? 
 julia laughed . 
 the wood shifted deeper . 
 blood trickled from her lips . 
 `` judge ... jury ... executioner . 
 you 're the vampire ... l-law . '' 
 he tried to be . 
 they needed law . 
 they needed - `` why did n't you ... stop him ... sooner ? 
 why did n't ... you ... save me ? '' 
 and that was it . 
 that was f ** king it . 
 she blamed him for not killing moses , the vamp who 'd attacked her and four other coeds in mississippi . 
 shame hit him then . 
 yes , he could see what she meant . 
 every vampire ... they all come back to me . 
 if he 'd never bit malcolm , never learned to spread this f ** king curse , then monsters like moses would n't have preyed on the humans . 
 julia would still be human . 
 ryder rocked back , stood , and stepped away from her . 
 hundreds , thousands of others would still be alive . 
 if i 'd just died . 
 `` i 'm ... gon na be free ... '' julia whispered . 
 her gaze came back to ryder . 
 `` you ... wo n't be ... retribution ... coming . '' 
 then her fingers lifted . 
 too late , ryder realized what she was doing . 
 he reached for her . 
 but julia had already shoved the wood deep into her heart . 
 she died with a smile on her face . 
 ryder 's fingers were around hers . 
 he yanked the wood free from her chest . 
 tossed it aside . 
 then his fist slammed into the floor near her body . 
 again and again and again , he beat the floor . 
 all because of me . 
 everything . 
 all the death and pain . 
 `` my f ** king fault , '' he snarled , and ryder leapt back to his feet . 
 he grabbed the nearest table . 
 smashed it . 
 hurled chairs . 
 threw glasses . 
 so many deaths . 
 on him . 
 every f ** king one . 
 it all went back to him . 
 `` someone needs some chill time . '' 
 grayson 's tense voice . 
 he 'd made grayson into a monster . 
 found him on a battlefield . 
 moments away from death . 
 a hero 's death . 
 he 'd turned the guy into a killer instead . 
 ryder whirled and grabbed grayson by the throat . 
 `` you did n't want this life . '' 
 grayson 's eyes widened . 
 `` you ... do n't see me ... complaining , do you ? '' 
 he gasped out the words . 
 `` ryder , stop ! '' 
 sabine . 
 sounding more furious than he 'd ever heard her before . 
 he dropped grayson . 
 `` definite chill time , '' the guy muttered as he began to edge toward the back door . 
 ryder turned away from him . 
 faced sabine . 
 she had her hand at her throat . 
 over the damn bite the bastard had given her . 
 ryder took a step toward her . 
 almost slipped and fell in the blood . 
 so much blood . 
 and she saw me do this ? 
 no wonder she 's afraid . 
 she 'll always be afraid of me . 
 and he 'd always need her . 
 would never be able to let her go . 
 he laughed . 
 was n't that just a bitch ? 
 he really was the monster . 
 sabine had been right about him from the beginning . 
 he 'd always thought malcolm was the one with no control . 
 the one who 'd brought hell , but all along ... it was me . 
 `` she was wrong , '' sabine whispered . 
 her hand dropped . 
 the wounds were still on her throat . 
 seeing them just made his fury deepen . 
 his hands clenched into fists . 
 he wanted to rip this whole f ** king place down . 
 `` get out . '' 
 he backed away from her . 
 she blinked . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 `` i do n't want ... to ... hurt you . '' 
 because he was too wild . 
 too uncontrolled . 
 too much of a killer . 
 the evidence was all around him . 
 but sabine did n't walk away . 
 she walked toward him . 
 grabbed his arms and shook him . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 he did n't want to see the fear in her eyes . 
 `` she was wrong , ryder . 
 do you hear me ? 
 wrong . 
 yes , she was pissed and hurt , and she got a terrible , terrible hand dealt to her in this life ... but what happened to her , the change , it was n't your fault . '' 
 `` i started it all . 
 i made - '' `` that is such a load of crap , '' sabine 's annoyed voice snapped . 
 `` no matter what you might like to think , you are n't god . '' 
 he blinked . 
 his gaze met hers . 
 `` you ca n't control everyone or everything . '' 
 he could actually control a pretty good number - `` if the guy who attacked julia had n't been a vamp , did you ever think that maybe he 'd just be a straight-up killer ? 
 that he was screwed to begin with ? 
 humans have plenty of freak tendencies , that 's why there are so many serial killers out there . 
 if that guy had n't been a vamp , he could still have killed her . 
 could still have tortured and raped because the sad fact is ... evil is real . 
 it comes in all kinds of forms . '' 
 the form of a vampire . 
 the form of a human . 
 her hand lifted . 
 her fingers touched his cheek . 
 `` you are n't responsible for every evil that walks the earth . 
 we all have choices . '' 
 the room reeked of death because of the choices he 'd made . 
 she 'd seen all that he could do . 
 and she still touched him . 
 looked at him like there was someone good inside of him . 
 he turned his head and pressed a quick kiss to her fingertips . 
 he 'd thought she was his weakness . 
 maybe ... maybe she was his strength . 
 the fury began to fade . 
 his lashes lowered as he sucked in a deep breath . 
 he needed to get her out of there . 
 had to wash the blood from her skin . 
 get her clean and safe . 
 `` sabine - '' his lashes lifted . 
 he stared right at her . 
 there was so much fear in her eyes that he lost his breath . 
 she touched him , comforted him , calmed him , but sabine was so afraid of him that she was shaking . 
 `` he ... bit me , '' she whispered . 
 her hand pulled from his . 
 she touched the wound at her throat again . 
 `` ryder , i 'm sorry . '' 
 he shook his head , not understanding . 
 `` julia ... she did n't want to live the way she was ... ii understand . 
 i do n't want to be like them . 
 i do n't want - '' he stiffened as understanding dawned . 
 the f ** k no . 
 `` i do n't want to be like them . 
 please , help me now . '' 
 she straightened her shoulders . 
 `` kill me . '' 
 chapter eighteen `` never , '' ryder barked , his response instant . 
 now he was the one to grab her and hold on tight . 
 `` if i change , if i 'm like them - '' she shuddered . 
 `` it just takes one bite to get infected by them , does n't it ? 
 just one . 
 he bit me , so that means that i 'm going to become primal . '' 
 `` you 're not changing . 
 you 're already a vampire . '' 
 mostly . 
 `` you ca n't change . '' 
 he sure as hell hoped not . 
 but fear was whispering through him . 
 sabine was n't like him , not like the others . 
 with her , what if - no . 
 it had taken three exchanges just for her to become a vampire in the first place , and he was still seeing signs that her phoenix side was n't gone . 
 `` if i do change , then promise me that you wo n't let me - '' he pressed his lips to hers . 
 kissed her hard and deep . 
 drank the gasp from her mouth . 
 gave her his breath . 
 i 'd give her my life . 
 `` i promise that i 'll always protect you . '' 
 that was all she 'd get from him . 
 and he 'd protect her any way that he could . 
 every way . 
 glass crunched . 
 the scent of gasoline hit him . 
 keeping a steady hold on sabine , ryder turned his head and saw that grayson was back . 
 and carrying gasoline containers in both hands . 
 `` since we do n't keep a lot of alcohol here , i planned ahead , '' grayson said , lifting the containers . 
 `` do n't want to leave any messes behind . '' 
 he started pouring the gasoline on the bodies . 
 on the walls . 
 everywhere . 
 sabine shuddered . 
 `` more fire . '' 
 when you needed to wipe away the scene of a mass attack , yeah , fire could do the trick . 
 `` go , '' grayson said , jerking up his chin . 
 `` i got this . '' 
 ryder hesitated . 
 grayson had always been there for him . 
 steadfast . 
 true . 
 but he had to ask , `` do you wish i 'd left you on that field ? '' 
 grayson hesitated . 
 `` some days . '' 
 because grayson never pulled his punches , ryder felt that hit right to his gut . 
 `` but most days , i 'm glad to be alive . 
 glad to see the sky , glad to screw pretty women , glad to do all the damn things that i want . '' 
 grayson bared his fangs . 
 `` julia made her choice . 
 we all make our choices . 
 and i choose to keep living . '' 
 ryder 's breath eased out as some of the tension left his shoulders . 
 `` now get your lady out of here . '' 
 there was concern in grayson 's gaze as his eyes dropped to sabine 's throat . 
 `` take care of her . '' 
 he thought ... grayson thought that she was going to change . 
 the hell she was . 
 ryder laced his fingers with hers . 
 led her away from the blood - and gasoline-soaked scene . 
 before he left the bar , he glanced back , just once , to see the clock . 
 two hours before midnight . 
 two hours ... `` sabine just ignited bran 's castle , '' keith said as he shoved his cell phone back into his pocket . 
 `` the place is burning , with flames reaching up to the sky . '' 
 now why the hell had she burned her lover 's place ? 
 cassandra frowned . 
 `` you 're sure she was behind the attack ? '' 
 `` you know another phoenix in the city ? '' 
 keith demanded . 
 it was n't like their kind was heavy on the ground . 
 `` the flames are burning , it 's a vamp bar , hell , just connect the dots . '' 
 `` do you think she killed ryder ? '' 
 if she had , their plans were about to be screwed . 
 `` the local cops are n't even at the scene yet . 
 there 's no way to tell if anyone was inside when the blaze started . '' 
 the tip he 'd just received from one of his watchers had been fast and frightened . 
 the guy had been hauling ass away from the fire , not trying to get close and see if any victims were burning . 
 keith looked at his watch . 
 `` she 'll come . '' 
 she had to come . 
 sabine was his key . 
 `` and if she does n't ? '' 
 cassandra asked . 
 there was sympathy in her green eyes . 
 `` then you 'll need to prepare yourself for what must be done . '' 
 killing his own son ? 
 no , he was n't prepared to take that step . 
 not yet . 
 sabine 's father had been ready to do anything to `` cure '' his little girl . 
 keith was ready and willing to do the same thing . 
 anything . 
 she wanted him . 
 sabine was afraid and furious and ripping apart on the inside . 
 do n't want to change . 
 do n't want to change . 
 her neck had finally stopped throbbing , but she felt like a ticking time bomb was inside her , just waiting to explode and destroy her . 
 she did n't want to change . 
 did n't want to become one of the primals . 
 they did n't seem to have any emotions . 
 only basic needs . 
 the need to kill . 
 ryder was running with her . 
 they were rushing down an alley . 
 dark . 
 away from the scent of fire . 
 away , away , away ... `` stop ! '' 
 sabine cried . 
 ryder whirled to face her just as the dark clouds over them erupted . 
 rain fell down on them , beating hard , pounding in a fury . 
 maybe the rain would stop the fire at the bar . 
 maybe the rain would wash away all the pain swirling inside of her . 
 the rain fell and the blood washed from her hands . 
 now for the pain , please . 
 her hair clung to her neck . 
 she lifted her fingers and wrapped them around his shoulders . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 ryder blinked . 
 desire flared instantly in his eyes , but he shook his head . 
 `` sabine , you need to be safe , you need - '' to feel alive . 
 the way he 'd always made her feel , even as he brought her death . 
 she stepped toward him . 
 the rain kept hailing down on them . 
 thunder rumbled in the distance . 
 angry . 
 threatening . 
 kind of the way she felt . 
 all she 'd known before genesis ... that life was gone . 
 all she had left ... the way i feel for him . 
 sabine kissed him . 
 she tasted the rain on his lips . 
 the richer flavor that was his alone . 
 he went still beneath her touch . 
 `` i do n't have a lot of control right now , '' ryder whispered . 
 she let a smile lift her lips , even though she knew the smile would n't be reflected in her eyes . 
 `` good . 
 because i do n't want control . '' 
 she did n't want a safe lover . 
 she wanted him . 
 the most dangerous man she 'd ever met . 
 the only man who made her feel safe . 
 maybe she was screwed up . 
 maybe she was broken inside because of everything that had happened to her at genesis . 
 she did n't care . 
 sabine kissed him again . 
 this time , he broke . 
 his arms locked around her . 
 his tongue thrust into her mouth . 
 her hands pushed between them . 
 desire was desperate , a greedy bitch swamping her . 
 sabine wanted to touch him . 
 needed to feel his c ** k push deep , so deep inside of her . 
 but ryder grabbed her hands . 
 two steps , and he had her against the brick wall . 
 he locked her wrists above her head , pinning them there with his right hand . 
 his mouth kept kissing hers . 
 she could hear voices . 
 laughter . 
 the crowd was close . 
 she did n't care . 
 someone could walk into the alleyway . 
 someone could see her and ryder . 
 i do n't care . 
 his left hand had opened her jeans . 
 pushed between her legs . 
 she had n't put on underwear . 
 no , ryder had grabbed it and tossed it somewhere before they 'd left the cabin . 
 so his fingers touched her sex . 
 `` wet . '' 
 and she knew he was n't talking about the rain that kept falling . 
 the rain was making the humans scatter . 
 that was where the voices and laughter were coming from . 
 the humans were running in the rain . 
 she and ryder ... they were n't running . 
 two of his fingers pushed into her . 
 she rose onto her toes . 
 tried to yank her hands down so she could touch him , but ryder was n't letting her go . 
 his fingers thrust into her , again and again , as his thumb worked over her clit . 
 she twisted her h * ps in an attempt to demand more of his touch . 
 he gave her more . 
 his mouth stayed on hers , his kisses deep and drugging as the rain fell , and his fingers kept stroking her . 
 light and easy then deep , demanding . 
 pushing and taking until her sex was clamping eagerly around him and then - she came . 
 a release that shook her body and had her h * ps thrusting hard against his hand . 
 a release that sent pleasure spilling through her and driving deep the realization that - i 'm alive . 
 i can feel . 
 i can want . 
 i can need . 
 i can love . 
 he still had her hands pinned . 
 his fingers stroked her , softly now , as the aftershocks of pleasure hit her . 
 his jaw was locked . 
 his eyes blazing . 
 his control was still there , hanging by a thread . 
 he 'd held on to that control , for her . 
 but she did n't want that control . 
 she wanted all of him . 
 his fingers slid out of her . 
 gave her one last caress . 
 he started to lift her jeans back into place . 
 `` no . '' 
 now she did pull her hands from his hold . 
 because he let her . 
 `` ryder , i want you . '' 
 `` i 'm ... trying to be stronger . '' 
 she put her hands on his chest . 
 `` you do n't always have to be strong with me . '' 
 her whisper . 
 `` with me , you can break . '' 
 he wanted to . 
 she could see the struggle on his face . 
 so she made it easier on him . 
 she spun around . 
 slapped her hands against the wall and kicked away her jeans . 
 sabine lifted her hips , arching so that her ass - ryder growled . 
 then his body was surrounding her . 
 cradling her . 
 covering her . 
 if anyone saw them now ... i do n't care . 
 he adjusted his clothes . 
 parted her sex and pushed deep into her . 
 the pleasure had n't stopped . 
 when he thrust into her , when he drove deep , the sensations nearly ripped her apart . 
 too much . 
 so good . 
 so ... ryder . 
 her next release contracted around him , tightening around his cock . 
 he thrust . 
 withdrew . 
 thrust . 
 the rhythm was frantic . 
 desperate . 
 then he was stiffening behind her . 
 holding her even tighter . 
 coming . 
 in the rain . 
 in the alley . 
 with her . 
 his body shuddered . 
 his arms curled around her and hugged her . 
 and he pressed a kiss to her neck . 
 not a bite . 
 a kiss . 
 right over the wound that was finally healing . 
 in silence , he withdrew from her . 
 ryder straightened her clothes , his . 
 his hands steadied her when her knees wanted to tremble . 
 then he turned her around and stared into her eyes . 
 they were soaked through . 
 and she was so sated she just wanted to sink into his arms . 
 `` when you come for me , your eyes burn . '' 
 sabine blinked . 
 that was n't what she 'd expected to hear . 
 `` when you touched the primal who attacked you , smoke rose from your fingers . 
 his chest ... it burned . '' 
 she did n't remember that . 
 she 'd just been afraid . 
 desperate . 
 `` when i kiss you , i can almost taste the fire . '' 
 was that good ? 
 bad ? 
 `` you 're so much more than i ever expected . '' 
 so was he . 
 he put his forehead against hers . 
 held her tighter . 
 `` if i could go back , i 'd change it all . '' 
 `` there is n't any going back . '' 
 she did n't even want to look back . 
 why see the scars ? 
 `` i just want to go forward . '' 
 she drew in a breath . 
 `` i 'm ready to leave this town . 
 let 's forget about keith . 
 he does n't have my brother . 
 he does n't have anything that i need . '' 
 `` he 'll hunt us . '' 
 ryder shook his head . 
 raindrops slid off him . 
 `` i do n't want you always looking over your shoulder . 
 i can finish this mess . 
 if he 's the last tie connecting you to genesis , then we sever the tie and make you free . '' 
 her laughter was weak . 
 `` there 's always another tie and another ... '' she just wanted to start new . 
 to do that looking-forward bit , with him . 
 `` i want ... '' you . 
 they 'd never talked emotions . 
 just lust and need and power . 
 but it was more than just lust . 
 what she felt for him was so much more . 
 a sudden ache stabbed at her , as if a knife had just been plunged into her stomach , and twisted . 
 she sucked in a sharp breath and her nails sank into ryder 's arms . 
 her nails ... her nails were turning black . 
 he bit me . 
 the primal ... `` sabine ? '' 
 she pushed at ryder . 
 `` it 's ... happening . '' 
 the virus-whatever the hell it was-it was in her . 
 she could feel it . 
 twisting . 
 cutting . 
 she ran her tongue over her teeth . 
 they felt normal , but her nails ... she held up her hands . 
 `` it 's happening , '' she said again . 
 his face blanched . 
 `` no , no , it 's f ** king not . '' 
 her gaze met his . 
 she was so glad she 'd taken the pleasure with him . 
 so glad that they 'd stopped in the rain . 
 the rain ... it was just a sprinkle now . 
 `` you promised you 'd help me , '' sabine reminded him . 
 she fumbled , adjusting her clothes . 
 he had to help her . 
 but his face had locked into tortured lines . 
 `` i 'm not killing you . '' 
 the knife was stabbing her again . 
 `` it ... hurts , ryder . '' 
 he shook her . 
 `` we can stop it . '' 
 he laced his fingers with hers . 
 `` come on . 
 genesis made them . 
 we can fix them . 
 hell , wyatt said that you were the key - '' she wanted to tell ryder that she felt more than lust for him . 
 but she could n't seem to speak . 
 the stabbing was gone , but she felt as if she were burning up from the inside . 
 burning . 
 a moan slipped from her . 
 ryder lifted her into his arms . 
 `` hold on , love . '' 
 he started running then , moving so fast . 
 `` please , hold on . '' 
 her vampire . 
 the fire built within her . 
 burning more . 
 hotter . 
 her hands curled around his neck . 
 if she changed , he would n't kill her . 
 sabine knew that . 
 because she also knew , though he 'd never said the words ... he loves me . 
 which was only fair , since sabine was sure that she loved her dark vampire . 
 loved him and was very , very afraid that she might soon turn on him . 
 the others had no control . 
 they killed . 
 her black nails dug into his skin . 
 her teeth began to ache . 
 i do n't want to hurt him . 
 but when she turned fully primal , her control might not last . 
 it was n't midnight . 
 not even eleven o'clock yet . 
 ryder did n't give a f ** k . 
 he kicked down the door at 49 chartres , and when the humans turned toward him , he bellowed , `` adams ! 
 keith adams ! '' 
 keith came running , his eyes wide . 
 as soon as he got a good look at ryder , and the woman lying so still in his arms , keith stumbled to a halt . 
 `` sabine ? '' 
 ryder 's hold on her tightened . 
 `` one of the primals bit her . 
 i thought ... i thought the bite would n't change her . '' 
 `` but it is . '' 
 a woman 's voice . 
 keith backed up . 
 ryder saw the woman walking toward him . 
 her hair hung in a long braid . 
 her eyes-green , focused-were on sabine . 
 `` the virus is pushing through her body now . '' 
 clinical . 
 `` you 're the doctor keith mentioned . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` my name 's cassie , and i 'm here to help you . '' 
 he stalked toward her . 
 `` do n't help me . 
 help her . '' 
 cassie 's stare drifted over sabine . 
 worry flashed on her face . 
 `` bring her to the next room . 
 there 's a table in there that we can use . '' 
 ryder followed her , hurrying inside the small room . 
 keith shoved some papers off the table , and carefully , ryder put sabine on the table . 
 he took her hand . 
 wanted to roar when he saw the dark nails . 
 the woman-cassie-reached into a black bag . 
 ryder swiped out with his left hand and caught her fingers . 
 `` she 's been sliced open enough . '' 
 he saw the pulse jump in her throat . 
 `` please , i-i 'm not like wyatt and the others at genesis . '' 
 but he did n't believe her . 
 there were secrets in her eyes . 
 lies . 
 `` i just ... i need to check her blood . 
 get it under a microscope . '' 
 she had a needle in her hand . 
 `` i need to see what 's happening on a deeper level . '' 
 sabine moaned . 
 `` burning ... '' cassie frowned down at her . 
 `` how long ago was she bitten ? '' 
 `` thirty minutes . '' 
 he rubbed his fingers over her knuckles . 
 her nails . 
 shit , they were ... not as dark . 
 his breath stilled in his lungs . 
 cassie leaned over sabine and looked into her mouth . 
 `` her teeth are n't changing . '' 
 no . 
 he lifted her hand . 
 he could see the pink in her nails now . 
 he could actually breathe again . 
 whatever was happening in sabine 's body , she was fighting off the attack . 
 hell , yes , she was fighting . 
 cassie tried to push the needle into sabine 's arm . 
 ryder grabbed the syringe . 
 tossed it . 
 `` she 's fine . '' 
 he 'd been frantic moments before . 
 ready to trade and barter and demand , but her claws were turning back into regular nails . 
 the stark paleness of her skin had faded back to a normal hue . 
 her lashes opened . 
 she was back . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 his sabine . 
 so strong , when she did n't even realize it . 
 `` get away from us , '' he snapped to the woman and keith . 
 he did n't need them . 
 he should have stayed away , for a little longer . 
 but the panic had made him crazy . 
 did n't matter . 
 she was back . 
 sabine sat up . 
 ryder pulled her into his arms . 
 held her close . 
 `` amazing , '' cassie whispered . 
 `` her body fought off the infection at such a rapid rate . '' 
 `` how ! '' 
 the desperate cry came from keith adams . 
 ryder lifted his head . 
 stared at the red-faced man . 
 `` how 'd she do it ? '' 
 keith asked , his voice lower . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` her genetics are no doubt very different from a human 's , '' cassie said as she tilted her head and swept an assessing gaze over sabine . 
 `` we already knew the primals were after her blood , but maybe ... maybe it was n't for the reason wyatt thought . 
 not because they were linked to ryder , but because ... '' her eyes narrowed . 
 `` maybe they realized she was the key they needed . 
 their cure . '' 
 ryder pulled sabine from the table . 
 pushed her behind him . 
 `` you 're both going to want to get the hell out of my way now . '' 
 cassie shook her head . 
 `` maybe it was something in her scent , some kind of trigger that their enhanced senses picked up on . 
 they had an instinctive response , not even knowing why ... but perhaps it was because they were ill . 
 she was their cure - '' ryder did n't give a f ** k as to the whys of the situation . 
 `` i warned you , '' ryder growled . 
 then he shoved keith out of his way . 
 cassie yelped and hurriedly jumped back . 
 good . 
 time to get the hell out of there . 
 `` we have your brother ! '' 
 keith yelled at him . 
 ryder hesitated . 
 his gaze swung back to meet the human 's . 
 keith was rising off the floor . 
 no guards were in the room . 
 just keith and the doctor . 
 easy prey . 
 ryder smiled . 
 `` my brother is dead . 
 i sent him to hell a long time ago . '' 
 the first time i bit him . 
 when i destroyed the man he 'd been . 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 keith challenged . 
 he was back on his feet now . 
 looking too desperate . 
 desperate men were often the most dangerous . 
 `` then why do n't you just check behind that door ? '' 
 he waved to the right . 
 to a wooden door that had been painted white . 
 `` because genesis found him . 
 they found him , buried in russia . 
 the guy was nearly decapitated and had a stake shoved in his chest . 
 only he was n't bones in that grave . 
 was n't a rotted corpse . 
 when they took that stake out , when those genesis fools there gave him blood , he came back . '' 
 impossible . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 sabine 's shocked voice . 
 `` they would n't have even known where to look for him , '' ryder said . 
 he would n't fall for this bs . 
 `` they had dozens of vampires imprisoned in their facilities . 
 vampires that they tortured for weeks . 
 years . 
 with enough pain , do n't you think those vampires would have shared the information they had ? 
 told anything ? 
 everything ? '' 
 keith 's voice rushed out . 
 `` one of them ... some guy named lawrence ... he knew . '' 
 lawrence . 
 the name was familiar . 
 ryder had a flash of a vampire . 
 thin , small . 
 with shaking hands . 
 hands that had helped to kill malcolm so long ago . 
 `` you did n't finish the job on your brother , '' keith told him . 
 `` or hell , maybe he 's too powerful to ever die , just like you . 
 too powerful ... '' keith lifted his chin and straightened his shoulders . 
 `` at genesis , they injected him , gave him their f ** king tainted blood , and he became just like the others . 
 primal . '' 
 ryder shook his head . 
 impossible . 
 he was n't gon na believe this story . 
 `` if my brother were alive , he - '' `` you were the first ! '' 
 now it was cassie who spoke . 
 `` but when you gave your blood to others , you started diluting its power . 
 every exchange , every vampire created after that was weaker . '' 
 and that was why wyatt had tried to give ryder 's blood to the primals in his lab ? 
 because the doctor had thought the pure blood could heal them ? 
 it 's not blood that ... was the cure . 
 it 's sabine . 
 her tears . 
 a phoenix 's tears ... found out ... really heal ... some of wyatt 's last words seemed to echo in ryder 's mind . 
 his gaze darted to the door . 
 if his brother was in there ... `` go look , '' keith yelled . 
 `` look ! '' 
 he could hear sounds behind the door . 
 desperate breathing . 
 scratching . 
 as if someone were clawing against wood . 
 `` how would you have him ? '' 
 sabine demanded . 
 she was at ryder 's side now . 
 not looking so weak . 
 looking strong and beautiful . 
 `` if this story is even true , how would he be here , with you ? '' 
 `` i was smuggling subjects out of genesis , '' cassie confessed quietly . 
 `` trying to help . 
 i was going to get you out , too , but genesis burned before i could help you . '' 
 she sounded so sincere . 
 but no one had been there to help him . 
 or to save sabine . 
 `` lies , '' he rasped . 
 `` well , there 's one way to know for sure , '' sabine said and she stalked toward the white door . 
 but before she could rip open the door , ryder jumped in front of her . 
 if his brother was in that room , no way would he let her go in first . 
 he grabbed her hand , curling his fingers around hers , around the doorknob . 
 his gaze met sabine 's , and he knew she 'd see his fury . 
 `` my brother was a butcher . '' 
 his head tilted toward cassie . 
 `` do you even have any idea what he did before i put him in the ground ? '' 
 my brother ... alive ? 
 `` he is n't the same man now , '' she whispered , looking tearful . 
 `` i started ... i figured out the cure , using teardrops that were recovered from subject twenty-nine-i mean , from sabine . 
 i used those drops to begin treatment to eliminate the primal virus from his system . 
 your brother has changed . 
 he 's - '' `` open the door , '' sabine whispered , her soft words cutting right across the doctor 's words . 
 but ryder pushed her back . 
 he made sure his body was shielding hers , and only then did he open the door . 
 with a squeak , the knob turned beneath his hand and the wooden door opened . 
 the inner room was big , much bigger than the other room . 
 inside , there were lab tables . 
 test tubes . 
 cages . 
 been there . 
 fucking done that . 
 in one of those cages , he saw the hunched form of a man . 
 the man 's body was in the shadows . 
 ryder began walking toward him . 
 there ... that was where the scratching sound was coming from . 
 he could see the man 's long , dark claws scratching at the floor near his feet . 
 `` i know what he was like before , but he 's different . '' 
 cassie followed close behind ryder . 
 `` since i started his treatment , there 's been no aggression . 
 i think the original vampirism virus created a serotonin deficiency in him that - '' malcolm was n't in the cage . 
 as he watched , the man in the cage surged toward the bars and gave ryder a clear view of his face . 
 `` vaughn ? '' 
 sabine whispered . 
 `` he 's ... dead . '' 
 `` there 's a lot of that going around , '' another voice said . 
 a voice that came from the right . 
 the man standing there had made no sound at all , had n't even breathed , so ryder had n't picked up on his presence as he stood cloaked in the shadows . 
 but that voice had haunted ryder for so long . 
 he turned his head even as his hand reached out and curled around sabine 's arm . 
 and his eyes met a gaze the exact shade as his own . 
 a gaze that had last looked upon him with fury and hatred . 
 `` hello , my brother , '' malcolm said quietly . 
 `` it 's been a long time . '' 
 screams and blood and agony . 
 women and children slaughtered . 
 cries that would n't end . 
 so many broken bodies . 
 `` not long enough , '' ryder responded as battle-ready tension pumped through him . 
 he 'd defeated malcolm once , and he 'd do it again . 
 `` you see ? '' 
 cassie was there again . 
 rushing in front of malcolm . 
 gesturing excitedly with her hands . 
 `` he 's cured ! 
 his fangs have returned to normal . 
 his claws-normal . 
 he has his control back . 
 there have n't been any attacks from him , any - '' `` did you hear that ? '' 
 malcolm asked with a smile . 
 one that showed his sharp canines . 
 `` i 'm normal . '' 
 easy words . 
 flat . 
 but ... `` sabine , go back into the other room , '' ryder ordered . 
 cassie blinked . 
 some of the excitement left her face . 
 `` but we need sabine 's assistance . 
 it 's her tears , they 're the key . 
 a phoenix 's tears can heal anything , anyone . '' 
 so he 'd heard . 
 cassie glanced toward sabine . 
 `` the tears have to be shed willingly . 
 they ca n't just be harvested from the tear ducts . 
 that 's why it 's so hard to get them . '' 
 was n't that just a damn inconvenience for her ? 
 cassie shifted nervously . 
 `` if we can just get a few more then we can help so many others . '' 
 `` i-i have n't cried since ryder changed me , '' sabine said , shaking her head . 
 `` changed you ? '' 
 now keith had come into the room . 
 `` ryder 's blood ... '' sabine swallowed . 
 ryder saw her gaze dart to vaughn . 
 the primal was yanking at the bars of his cage . 
 snapping his teeth . 
 `` i 'm a vampire now , not a phoenix . 
 i ca n't help vaughn . '' 
 cassie 's eyes widened , and then she glanced over at vaughn . 
 `` b-but we need ... '' `` you will help my son , '' keith demanded as his hands fisted . 
 `` he 's not dying ! '' 
 the snarling , fighting beast in that cage screamed . 
 an inhuman cry . 
 then keith charged for sabine . 
 ryder yanked her back and stepped forward . 
 so instead of attacking sabine , keith shoved the stake in his hands into ryder 's chest . 
 or rather , the f ** king fool tried to drive it into ryder 's heart . 
 ryder stopped him . 
 he caught the wood . 
 all but disintegrated it in his fist . 
 `` never come at her ! '' 
 he roared . 
 then he heard the laughter . 
 ryder stared into the human 's eyes . 
 they looked a little ... lost . 
 unfocused . 
 and that mocking laughter had haunted so many of his dreams . 
 `` you always were too impetuous ... '' malcolm 's voice . 
 ryder turned slowly and found malcolm holding sabine in his arms . 
 his brother bent to smell her hair . 
 `` you just could never see the real threat that was right in front of your face . 
 the threat that 's been there , all along . '' 
 his brother . 
 ryder grabbed the human 's head . 
 turned it to the side . 
 saw the faint bite marks on keith 's neck . 
 son of a bitch . 
 malcolm had just forced keith to attack , in order to distract ryder . 
 `` they 're just puppets , are n't they ? '' 
 malcolm murmured . 
 `` puppets and food . '' 
 ryder pushed keith away . 
 he faced off against his brother . 
 cassie was still there , her frightened gaze flying back and forth between malcolm and sabine . 
 `` wh-what are you doing ? '' 
 cassie asked malcolm . 
 `` let her go ! '' 
 the woman was scared , but she did n't appear to be under malcolm 's control . 
 appearances could be so deceiving . 
 `` of course . '' 
 malcolm smiled . 
 his fangs glinted . 
 `` i 'm not desperate for her blood like the others , so i should just let her go . 
 it 's the right thing to do . '' 
 his fingers were wrapped around sabine 's neck . 
 `` but f ** k the right thing . '' 
 he snapped her neck . 
 `` i never gave a shit about right , '' malcolm said . 
 `` not after my change , and , sorry to ruin this for you , brother , but not before , either . '' 
 he had a stake in his hand . 
 the broken neck ... that would n't have killed sabine . 
 ryder rushed forward . 
 she 'd recover from the break . 
 she 'd recover . 
 but not if his bastard of a brother staked her . 
 he grabbed sabine 's hand . 
 yanked her body away from malcolm . 
 when he turned to shield her with his body , ryder felt strong fingers close over his neck . 
 `` you love her . '' 
 carefully , because her broken neck had n't healed yet , ryder lowered sabine to the floor . 
 cassie gave a wild cry and rushed toward her . 
 when ryder stood , malcolm moved in a flash and put the stake right over his heart . 
 `` i did n't think you could love . 
 i thought you were like me . '' 
 now malcolm sounded disappointed . 
 but he 'd made a mistake . 
 he had n't attacked when he 'd had the chance . 
 `` i used to think that i was just like you , '' ryder told him . 
 `` but then i realized i was n't broken . '' 
 the tip of the stake pushed into his skin , drawing blood . 
 `` they buried me . 
 i was n't dead . 
 i could feel everything . 
 do you know what the worms and insects did to me ? '' 
 ryder 's jaw locked . 
 `` you 'd lost your head . 
 you were staked . '' 
 he should have been dead . 
 `` it takes more than a stake to kill you and me . 
 let me show you . '' 
 then malcolm shoved forward with that stake . 
 only ... ryder 's hand flew up . 
 he stopped the wood before it could do more than-fuck me-press against his heart . 
 the pain pulsed through him , burning and white-hot . 
 malcolm 's eyes widened in surprise . 
 he tried to push down with the wood . 
 `` you 're ... stronger . '' 
 `` i was always stronger . '' 
 he heard a gasp behind him . 
 sabine . 
 coming back to him . 
 healing . 
 bones cracked . 
 ryder yanked the stake from his chest . 
 malcolm jumped back and gazed at him with furious , desperate eyes . 
 `` none of this was my choice ! '' 
 malcolm bellowed . 
 `` you should have let me die with the rest of our family . 
 it was n't your call to make ! 
 you should have let me die then ! '' 
 ryder nodded . 
 `` yes , i should have . '' 
 malcolm 's words were so familiar to him . 
 his head cocked even as the blood continued to pour from his chest . 
 `` julia , '' he murmured , understanding so much more now . 
 malcolm smiled . 
 `` you 're the one , '' ryder said with a slow nod . 
 `` you wanted them to take me out . '' 
 `` i wanted you to wind up in hell , with me , '' malcolm snarled back . 
 `` those genesis bastards found me . 
 they took my blood and kept me prisoner in their cells for years . '' 
 ryder stared at him . 
 when he looked hard enough , he could almost see the brother that malcolm had once been , back when they were both still human . 
 i never gave a shit about right . 
 not after my change , and , sorry to ruin this for you , brother , but not before , either . 
 but maybe he 'd never even known him then . 
 `` i told them about you , '' malcolm confessed . 
 `` told them that if they wanted real power '' - his lips twisted - `` then they wanted you . '' 
 and genesis had begun hunting him . 
 vaughn was yelling behind them and still thrashing against his bars . 
 `` ryder ? '' 
 sabine whispered . 
 he eased out a slow breath . 
 `` richard wyatt kept us both at the same - '' `` you 're not listening ! '' 
 malcolm yelled at him . 
 his brother 's face flushed . 
 `` i said ... years . 
 richard was just a whelp when they brought me in to genesis . 
 it was n't him . 
 it was the old guy who found me . 
 his father . 
 that 's the ass ** le who dug me up . 
 i thought he was going to help me . 
 stop the pain . 
 he just made it worse . '' 
 ryder saw that his brother 's hands were shaking . 
 malcolm lifted his hands and pressed them against his temples . 
 `` everything makes it worse . '' 
 a soft hand curled around ryder 's wrist . 
 ryder did n't look at sabine . 
 he could n't . 
 malcolm had already tried to use her against him once . 
 `` go to the other room , sabine . '' 
 malcolm 's hands dropped . 
 `` so she does n't see you clean up this mess ? 
 so she does n't see you kill the primal ? 
 kill the human ? '' 
 he pointed toward a frozen keith . 
 `` and drain the doc ? '' 
 he tossed a glare toward cassie . 
 cassie was crying . 
 tears trickled down her cheeks , but she did n't make a sound . 
 `` and after you dispatch all of them , you 'll have to kill me . 
 but a stake did n't work before . 
 a beheading did n't . 
 what else can you try ? '' 
 malcolm seemed mildly curious . 
 fire . 
 `` i think i have a few options , '' ryder said as he rolled his shoulders . 
 there would be no room for emotion here . 
 no sympathy could stir in his heart . 
 do you know what the worms and insects did ? 
 `` go , sabine , '' he urged and pushed her away . 
 pushed her away , when he wanted to pull her close . 
 to make certain that she was whole and healed . 
 her steps were hesitant . 
 but just as she reached the door , malcolm spoke again . 
 `` do you think keith is the only human i ... sampled ? '' 
 hell . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 she stopped at the door . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 cassie whispered , her voice hoarse . 
 `` why ? '' 
 malcolm shrugged . 
 `` it 's good to hedge your bets . 
 and i have always enjoyed being in control of my own little army . '' 
 his arms lifted and spread around him . 
 `` i 've been building my army for quite a while . 
 after all , i was in genesis for over twenty-five years . '' 
 fuck . 
 `` but ... you were a primal , '' cassie said , swiping at the tears on her face . 
 she came closer to them , with slow , hesitant steps . 
 `` you were n't in control . 
 you only knew the hunger . '' 
 malcolm turned his stare on her . 
 `` a mindless beast . '' 
 she flinched . 
 `` is n't that what i was supposed to be ? '' 
 malcolm growled at her . 
 `` it 's what the others were ... '' `` the others were made from my blood . 
 humans , who thought that they could become bigger , better warriors with some vampire blood and dna thrown into the mix . 
 i made them . 
 me . 
 they just could n't handle my power . '' 
 `` b-but ... i found you ... in that cage ... you looked just like the others . '' 
 ryder knew she had to be talking about the black claws . 
 the mouthful of razor-sharp teeth . 
 `` you mean ... i looked like this ? '' 
 malcolm 's head bowed . 
 his body convulsed . 
 shuddered . 
 `` the tears ... they healed you ! '' 
 cassie cried out . 
 malcolm 's head lifted . 
 his eyes were pitch-black . 
 his teeth-hello , mouthful of f ** king fangs . 
 when malcolm raised his hands , ryder was n't surprised to see the flash of black claws . 
 `` i can change anytime i want . '' 
 malcolm jumped forward , moving lightning-fast . 
 his claws wrapped around cassie 's neck and he hauled her against him . 
 `` i told you , i made them . 
 my blood . 
 genesis wanted to play with genetics and mutations , but before they even started experimenting on humans , they first played with me . '' 
 and his brother had become even more of a monster . 
 `` old man wyatt tried to punch up the vampire evolution . '' 
 malcolm 's hold tightened on cassie . 
 `` the scientists understood what i could be . 
 how strong . 
 how deadly . 
 but i could change back , any f ** king time i wanted . '' 
 from the corner of his eye , ryder saw sabine crouch and pick up a chunk of wood . 
 vaughn was still screaming . 
 snarling . 
 `` after they experimented on the humans , they realized-too late-that they could n't change back . '' 
 he bent his head and licked cassie 's neck . 
 she held herself statue-still within his arms , eyes stricken and terrified . 
 `` they could n't do anything because they were n't strong enough . 
 they were n't like me . '' 
 or me . 
 ryder realized as he stared at malcolm . 
 no wonder richard wyatt had been so desperate for his blood . 
 malcolm 's blood had sent the test subjects straight to hell . 
 richard must have thought that an infusion of blood from the first vampire-untainted blood-could help them . 
 he 'd been wrong , so richard 's only option had been ... ryder 's gaze jumped to sabine . 
 she 'd hidden the stake behind her back . 
 the tears of a phoenix . 
 `` i made my army , '' malcolm said , as he looked up to smirk at ryder . 
 `` one victim at a time . 
 i controlled the humans . 
 even from inside my prison at genesis , i sent the humans out to find vampires who would aid me . '' 
 vamps who would be willing to turn on me . 
 ryder stared back at his brother and did n't allow any emotion to show on his face . 
 `` when my army was strong enough , when i knew genesis had you , '' malcolm continued , `` i escaped . '' 
 by acting like a victim . 
 by using cassie . 
 he had n't realized his brother was such a damn good actor . 
 `` i 've been wanting to taste you for a while , '' malcolm muttered as his mouth lowered near cassie 's throat once more . 
 `` there were always too many cameras on us . 
 too many watching you so closely . '' 
 ryder saw cassie 's eyes . 
 the fear faded and gave way to ... satisfaction ? 
 but when cassie spoke , her voice trembled . 
 `` do n't , '' she said . 
 `` please . '' 
 maybe his brother was n't the only good actor in the room . 
 malcolm sank his fangs into her throat . 
 sabine screamed and ran forward , with her stake clutched tightly in her hands . 
 `` leave her alone ! 
 no more ! 
 no more ! '' 
 but ryder grabbed sabine around the waist and hauled her back . 
 he held her against his chest . 
 she did n't need to save cassie . 
 malcolm was already shoving the doctor away and trying to spit out her blood . 
 his claws retracted . 
 his mouthful of fangs vanished . 
 `` surprise , surprise , '' cassie said , her voice sad . 
 `` i 'm not what you thought , either , bastard . '' 
 malcolm stared at her with horror blazing in his eyes . 
 blood dripped from his chin . 
 and then he fell to the floor , his body frozen , apparently stone-cold dead . 
 chapter nineteen ryder 's hands were like steel bands around sabine 's stomach . 
 her neck ached and fury clawed at her gut . 
 and malcolm was dead ? 
 `` you 're like richard wyatt . '' 
 ryder 's voice came out , low and deadly , from behind her . 
 cassie gave them a sad smile , even as her gaze dipped back to malcolm 's still figure . 
 `` no , richard 's blood contained a diluted poison . 
 mine is much more potent , as you can see . '' 
 poison ? 
 in the woman 's blood ? 
 what the hell was going on there ? 
 sabine tried to pull free . 
 ryder just held her tighter . 
 `` i made sure that malcolm never got my blood while we were in genesis . '' 
 now cassie 's voice sounded sad . 
 `` because i thought i could help him . 
 i knew if he tasted so much as a sip ... '' `` he 'd be dead , '' ryder finished . 
 she nodded slowly and said , `` i wanted to save him . 
 genesis had already hurt so many , killed them . '' 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` i 'm truly trying to make amends . '' 
 yeah , well , good luck with that . 
 sabine stilled in ryder 's arms . 
 `` some things can never be fixed . '' 
 cassie 's stare turned to sabine . 
 the woman 's eyes were green . 
 a familiar green . 
 the same shade as richard wyatt 's eyes . 
 `` no , '' cassie sighed out the word . 
 `` they ca n't . '' 
 ryder slowly eased his hold on sabine . 
 `` i was created as a weapon , '' cassie told them , turning her back on malcolm . 
 `` a way to stop the vamps . 
 with the right serums , human blood can become toxic to vampires . 
 just one sip , and it 's a real killer drink . '' 
 sabine put her hand on ryder 's chest and shoved him back . 
 she did n't want the guy anywhere near cassie 's blood . 
 wait , come to think of it ... i do n't want to be near her blood , either . 
 so sabine backed up a few steps , too . 
 she just wanted to get the hell away from cassie . 
 only , if the woman was a walking vampire death kit , could they just let cassie leave that place ? 
 `` my ... boy ... '' the broken sob had sabine glancing over at keith . 
 he was on his feet and looking about ten years older . 
 malcolm 's hold on the guy was gone , and now keith was blinking and staring at vaughn 's snarling figure in horror . 
 `` we ca n't ... fix him ? '' 
 `` not without phoenix blood , '' cassie said quietly . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 there was another phoenix in town . 
 sabine compressed her lips , knowing that if she mentioned dante , he 'd be hunted . 
 but if she did n't tell cassie and keith about dante , then vaughn 's life would be over . 
 what loyalty did she owe to dante ? 
 he 'd tried to kill her before . 
 multiple times . 
 so she could easily offer him up here . 
 right ? 
 the scent of smoke teased her nose . 
 `` why the hell not ? '' 
 ryder muttered as his body tensed . 
 `` everyone else is here . 
 figures he 'd join the party , too . '' 
 then the door burst in . 
 sabine realized that she would n't have to reveal dante 's presence in the city . 
 the phoenix had just stalked inside . 
 fire burned in his eyes . 
 he stared at them all with fury . 
 and flames burned above his hand . 
 he lifted his hand and aimed the flames right at cassie . 
 `` you . '' 
 the flames tore from his fingers and flew toward her . 
 cassie screamed and lifted her hands . 
 sabine moved before she realized what she was doing . 
 she jumped in front of cassie and the flames hit her in the chest . 
 `` no ! '' 
 ryder yelled . 
 sabine fell to the floor and rolled . 
 her clothes were smoking , but-but the fire had n't injured her . 
 cassie was there , trying to slap at the flames on sabine 's body . 
 she gasped and glanced up at sabine . 
 `` no burns . '' 
 a shocked whisper . 
 so the fire had n't burned her . 
 big deal . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' sabine mumbled as she jerked her head to the right to find dante and ryder fighting it out . 
 flames and claws and fury . 
 `` he was n't aiming at either of you , '' the low voice whispered from behind sabine and cassie . 
 `` i think that fire was meant for me . '' 
 even as fear pulsed through her veins , sabine spun around . 
 and she felt a sharp , hard thrust in her chest . 
 sabine looked into malcolm 's eyes . 
 eyes that were very much aware , and then her gaze fell to the chunk of wood that had been shoved into her chest . 
 blood pumped out of her . 
 `` no ! '' 
 cassie yelled . 
 malcolm swiped out with his claws and sliced right across cassie 's throat . 
 her yell choked off . 
 blood sprayed . 
 in the next instant , cassie was tossed across the room . 
 `` told you all , '' malcolm growled , `` it takes more to kill me . '' 
 sabine 's fingers were fumbling with the stake . 
 attempting to wrench it out of her . 
 but ... her fingers felt numb . 
 uncoordinated . 
 she could n't seem to grab hold of the wood . 
 and she was falling , slumping , hitting the hard floor . 
 she tried to keep her eyes open . 
 they wanted to sag . 
 she wanted to sleep . 
 no , not sleep . 
 die . 
 `` sabine ? '' 
 ryder was there . 
 crouching over her . 
 ignoring the threat right behind him . 
 did n't he see malcolm ? 
 he could n't turn his back on that bastard . 
 malcolm was evil . 
 twisted . 
 unstoppable ? 
 `` you 're going to be all right , '' ryder said . 
 she had n't realized he was such a liar . 
 he pulled out the stake . 
 the fast removal hurt , and she moaned . 
 and more blood gushed from her . 
 ryder put his bleeding wrist over her mouth . 
 tried to give her his blood . 
 but she could n't take it . 
 she was too cold . 
 her body ... she could n't even drink . 
 it was just like before . 
 her body had shut down , and she was trapped , screaming on the inside but making no sound for anyone else to hear . 
 just like before ... the first time she 'd met ryder . 
 she 'd lost her blood and been so cold , just like this . 
 malcolm drove his claws into ryder 's back . 
 ryder did n't let her go . 
 he had to let her go . 
 he had to fight his brother . 
 ryder 's blood rained down on her . 
 no . 
 he was n't fighting back . 
 malcolm was slicing ryder 's back , ripping into his flesh , but ryder was just holding her tight . 
 whispering , over and over , `` do n't leave me , sabine , do n't ever leave me . '' 
 but she was already leaving . 
 she knew what death felt like . 
 knew its cold touch so very , very well . 
 almost as well as she knew her lover 's touch . 
 her breath had stilled in her lungs . 
 her heart had stopped beating . 
 maybe it had stopped the instant the stake plunged into her ... or the instant it was pulled out . 
 she could n't move her body . 
 could n't speak and say the one thing that she needed to say . 
 i love you . 
 but perhaps she did n't need to say the words . 
 perhaps ryder already knew . 
 because in that last glimpse she had of him , sabine saw his eyes . 
 his gaze was filled with fear , yes , but also filled with love . 
 he loved her . 
 she hoped , hoped , that he knew ... i love you , too . 
 then the cold deepened . 
 such terrible cold . 
 she was leaving him . 
 leaving ... why did the cold burn ? 
 sabine was gone . 
 ryder held her tight , ignoring the pain as malcolm sliced the flesh from his back . 
 `` fight me ! '' 
 malcolm roared . 
 ryder held on to sabine . 
 her blood soaked him . 
 she 'd been gone , even before he 'd pulled the stake from her chest . 
 her eyes had already been empty . 
 the fierce passion that was sabine ... gone . 
 another slash over his back , then malcolm 's claws drove straight into ryder 's spine . 
 `` fight me . '' 
 ryder did n't feel the pain from the attack . 
 he was already in enough agony . 
 lost her . 
 the only thing , the only person that i needed ... lost . 
 her . 
 his heart was gone . 
 he 'd tried to hold on to his humanity . 
 fought for it . 
 but ... gone . 
 there was n't anything left within him . 
 just a roar of rage that was building . 
 hollow . 
 cold . 
 sabine had never been cold . 
 she 'd been fire . 
 she 'd been life . 
 carefully , gently , he released sabine . 
 he pressed a kiss to her lips . 
 malcolm was laughing . 
 `` did you love her so desperately , brother ? 
 is that why you made her into a vampire ? 
 did you think she 'd be with you forever ? '' 
 she will be . 
 he 'd never love anyone but her . 
 in his heart , sabine would always be there . 
 his gaze lifted . 
 the human , keith , was near the cage . 
 his eyes were anguished as he looked back at sabine 's body . 
 in shock , he stood frozen . 
 and the other phoenix was on the ground . 
 ryder had broken his neck . 
 the flames were flickering around him , and ryder knew dante would rise soon . 
 but until then ... i have plenty of time . 
 his hands trembled as he closed sabine 's eyes . 
 he did n't want her to see what he 'd do . 
 she 's not there to see ... the whisper slid through him , but he ignored it . 
 he could feel his mind splintering . 
 without her ... why ? 
 his spine should have been severed by his brother 's claws , but ryder rose to his feet . 
 he 'd found that he healed faster and faster these days . 
 because of sabine ? 
 because of her blood ? 
 her tears ? 
 she 'd done nothing but make him stronger . 
 he 'd be nothing without her . 
 `` i love her . '' 
 love , not loved . 
 because his feelings were n't just going to magically stop . 
 malcolm 's lips parted in surprise . 
 `` you - '' ryder drove his fist into his brother 's jaw . 
 sent him sprawling back to the floor . 
 `` have you ever loved ? '' 
 ryder demanded . 
 malcolm scrambled back . 
 `` i had n't ... not until her . '' 
 he grabbed malcolm . 
 yanked him to his feet . 
 this time , ryder drove his fist into his brother 's stomach . 
 `` she made me stronger . '' 
 malcolm was spitting up blood . 
 `` do you think i 've never wanted to close my eyes ? 
 to end this nightmare ? '' 
 ryder snarled at him . 
 the roar within him built . 
 splinter ... `` i 've tried ... my body heals ... heals so fast , even faster now ... '' he slammed his head into malcolm 's , breaking his brother 's nose . 
 `` you think you 're the only one who has ever felt insects crawling on you ? 
 eating you ? 
 i went to ground in the fourteen hundreds , so tired of the slaughters committed by men and vampires alike . 
 you were gone . 
 and i hated what i 'd become . '' 
 he 'd ordered his own entombment . 
 he 'd finally clawed his way out of that imprisonment after a year . 
 `` but we ca n't change what we are . '' 
 malcolm watched him with wide eyes . 
 we ca n't change . 
 ryder glanced over at sabine . 
 `` i wanted to change for her . '' 
 sabine ... his sabine ... she was ... burning ? 
 the scent of ash and fire had n't come from dante . 
 dante was still lying on the floor , not moving . 
 but sabine was burning . 
 we ca n't change . 
 her eyes had still flickered with flames when she made love with him . 
 when she 'd touched the vamp 's chest back at bran 's castle , he 'd seen smoke drift in the air . 
 he 'd tried to convert sabine , but the phoenix part of her had n't died , not completely . 
 maybe it could truly never die . 
 and the phoenix was rising again . 
 `` what the hell ... ? '' 
 malcolm 's shocked voice cried out . 
 `` not hell , '' ryder muttered . 
 sabine was his angel , and she was coming back to him . 
 yes . 
 the fire spread over her body . 
 burning slowly at first , then blazing hotter , higher , until he could n't see her at all . 
 just the flames . 
 red and gold and beautiful . 
 `` she 's burning . '' 
 malcolm grabbed ryder and spun him around . 
 he put a gun to ryder 's chest . 
 ryder did n't even bother wondering where the guy had gotten his weapon . 
 `` you 'll never have her again ! '' 
 malcolm swore . 
 he 'd have her in minutes . 
 ryder smiled at him . 
 `` wooden bullets ? '' 
 because , of course , what else would you use against a vampire ? 
 `` they 'll knock you out , '' malcolm said , snapping his teeth . 
 `` then i 'll take your head . 
 i wo n't leave it hanging with some tendons and flesh , the way you did with me . '' 
 the smell of smoke filled the room . 
 the crackle of the flames grew louder . 
 sweet , wonderful fire . 
 `` was that my mistake ? '' 
 ryder asked him , holding his body still . 
 he did n't want malcolm focusing on sabine now . 
 he 'd heard that the moment of change was the weakest moment for a phoenix . 
 they were vulnerable at that time . 
 according to old whispers he 'd heard centuries ago , the only time they could be truly killed was when they burned . 
 sabine was vulnerable then . 
 and - and dante had wanted to kill sabine . 
 the phoenixes ... they kill their own kind . 
 the cold suspicion iced through him . 
 dante had come to new orleans in order to find sabine . 
 he 'd been tracking her . 
 trying to find the perfect moment to kill her ? 
 a moment like ... now ? 
 but he 'd snapped dante 's neck . 
 had n't he ? 
 `` yes , '' malcolm hissed . 
 `` that was your f ** king mistake , that was - '' ryder yanked the gun from him . 
 fired the wooden bullet straight into malcolm 's heart . 
 `` good-bye , brother . '' 
 he would n't feel the grief or the rage . 
 not then . 
 and he would finish the job , but first ... ryder spun around . 
 dante was on his feet-tricky sob-and advancing toward the flames that enclosed sabine . 
 ryder ran for him and tackled the guy . 
 `` stay away from her ! '' 
 dante shoved him back . 
 that was when he noticed cassie was in the corner . 
 she watched them with pain-filled eyes as blood pulsed from her neck . 
 `` s-stop , '' she whispered . 
 dante and ryder rose to their feet . 
 `` is this what you wanted ? '' 
 ryder demanded . 
 `` to attack my woman ? 
 to kill her when she was weak ? '' 
 dante craned his neck , popping it as he turned his head to the left and the right . 
 `` had to see ... was n't even sure if she could burn anymore ... '' she could burn just fine . 
 `` you 're staying away from her , '' ryder said because he was n't about to let anyone get close to her when she was weak . 
 `` she 's not even going to know you . '' 
 dante smiled at him . 
 a hard , evil grin . 
 `` when the fire dies away , i 'd say you 've got about a five percent shot of her even remembering who you are . 
 do you know that ? 
 the fire can take away our memories . 
 leave us with nothing but ashes . 
 she 'll see you , see your monster and just want to run from you . 
 that is , if she does n't go for your throat first . '' 
 `` that 's a chance i 'll take . '' 
 maybe she would n't remember him , then , fine , he 'd just make her fall for him again . 
 this time , things would be different . 
 she would n't have to know the pain of their first meeting . 
 she would n't remember the bite or the blood or - no . 
 he did n't want any memories taken from sabine . 
 she deserved to have every instance in her mind , good and bad and everything in between . 
 dante 's eyes narrowed as he studied ryder . 
 `` i do n't understand you . '' 
 ryder shrugged . 
 `` what 's to understand ? '' 
 sabine , hurry , come back to me . 
 `` i 've seen you , over the centuries ... '' dante 's words shocked ryder into silence . 
 as far as he knew , only vampires lived for that long a period of time . 
 every other being he 'd encountered had seemed to have an expiration date . 
 `` you 've killed , '' dante said , voice expressionless . 
 `` you 've fought . 
 you 've left a trail of death in your path . '' 
 ryder lifted his chin . 
 `` looking to throw some stones ? 
 what have you been doing for your centuries ? 
 protecting the innocent ? '' 
 doubtful , given the way this guy enjoyed tossing around his flames . 
 dante waved that away . 
 `` i know what you are , on the inside . 
 because i 'm the same . 
 the darkness . 
 the need to kill , to fight , to destroy . 
 it 's in us both . '' 
 `` i do n't want to destroy sabine . '' 
 his brother 's blood was on the ground . 
 how long would he have before malcolm rose ? 
 how long before sabine came back to him ? 
 hurry , love . 
 do n't keep me waiting . 
 he had to stand guard over her burning form . 
 he could n't leave , not even to finish his battle with malcolm . 
 or rather , not even to finish him . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 dante asked . 
 `` what makes her different ? '' 
 cassie started to choke . 
 no , she 'd been choking all along , slowly dying as she tried to beg them for help . 
 ryder saw that now as his gaze flew to her . 
 she could n't speak . 
 her eyes screamed for her . 
 keith had finally shaken from his stupor and run to her , but there was nothing he could do to help . 
 `` will you save the human ? '' 
 dante asked as he cocked his head . 
 `` will you rush to aid her , trying to even that bloody scorecard that you carry around with you ? 
 saving human lives , to make up for all the ones you slaughtered ? '' 
 cassie was dying in front of him . 
 `` or will you keep standing guard , '' dante murmured . 
 `` over the phoenix who burns so brightly ? 
 a phoenix who may soon come for your heart . '' 
 `` she already has my heart . '' 
 sabine could do with it whatever the hell she wanted . 
 cassie had tears streaming down her cheeks . 
 her eyes were desperate , but she shook her head when she gazed at ryder . 
 her lips moved , just the faintest bit ... stay with her . 
 sorrow had his own lips tightening . 
 cassie was n't like the others from genesis . 
 perhaps she really had wanted to help . 
 for that kindness , she was receiving a slow and brutal death . 
 then ryder saw her eyes dart to dante 's form . 
 her stare changed . 
 flickered with an emotion that he was becoming too familiar with these days . 
 ryder 's breath left him in a rush . 
 `` she saved you . '' 
 dante frowned . 
 `` sabine has done - '' `` not sabine . '' 
 he did n't want the man even speaking her name . 
 stay away from her . 
 to keep dante 's attention away from sabine , ryder said , `` the human , cassie , she 's the reason you escaped genesis . '' 
 dante shook his head . 
 his gaze darted to cassie . 
 his frown deepened . 
 `` you do n't remember , '' ryder said as his heart raced . 
 `` because they killed you , again and again . '' 
 the same lack of memory that dante was using to taunt him , well , that same darkness , that nothingness , had erased dante 's past . 
 a past that was dying less than three feet from him . 
 and the guy did n't even realize what he was losing . 
 not what , who . 
 a woman with love in her dying gaze . 
 `` how do you think you got out ? '' 
 ryder pushed . 
 dante 's stare was on cassie . 
 her shirt was soaked red from the blood that had poured from her neck . 
 `` do you remember her ? 
 at all ? '' 
 ryder knew the emotion he 'd seen in cassie 's eyes . 
 that kind of consuming need and longing was exactly what he felt for sabine . 
 dante turned away from ryder . 
 he gazed only at the woman before him . 
 a woman who was wheezing as she tried to catch her last breath . 
 `` cas ... sandra ? 
 my ... cassandra ? '' 
 there was a whoosh of sound . 
 ryder whirled around . 
 sabine was on her feet . 
 surrounded by flames . 
 standing , with her hands up . 
 malcolm was clawing at his chest , rising again , shouting , but ryder could n't make out his brother 's words over the crackle of flames . 
 flames that were snaking out . 
 racing over the walls . 
 the ceiling . 
 she does n't have control . 
 keith yelled as he ran back to the cage and fought to free his son . 
 but if he let the beast out , what would happen then ? 
 vaughn would attack . 
 would kill others , infect more humans . 
 dante crouched over cassie . 
 his hands were bathed in her blood . 
 `` help her ! '' 
 he roared . 
 but who could help her ? 
 if the phoenix cried , perhaps his tears would heal cassie . 
 or my blood , maybe i can transform her . 
 but no , ryder could n't transform her , not with the poison that had been placed within her body . 
 and sabine 's flames were growing . 
 she 'd kill all the humans there , if he did n't stop her . 
 ryder straightened his shoulders . 
 took a step toward the flames . 
 they would n't burn him . 
 they had n't before . 
 but even if the flames did burn , was n't she worth the pain ? 
 was n't she worth everything ? 
 the flames licked around his feet . 
 rose over his legs . 
 burned his clothing . 
 did n't touch his skin . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 her head whipped toward him . 
 he saw the fire in her eyes . 
 fire , but no recognition . 
 `` pull it back , sabine , before you hurt the humans . '' 
 she smiled . 
 the flames grew higher . 
 she was so f ** king beautiful-and the deadliest thing he 'd ever seen in his very long life . 
 `` you do n't want to hurt them , '' he said , closing in on her . 
 her flames were orange and gold . 
 big . 
 bright . 
 `` you do n't want - '' she lifted her hands and held them , palms out , toward him . 
 `` stay back . '' 
 no . 
 `` do you know me ? '' 
 sabine shook her head . 
 `` i know you , '' he whispered as he kept advancing . 
 `` this is n't what you want . 
 you do n't want to kill . '' 
 but her smile said otherwise . 
 `` i like the fire . 
 i want to burn . 
 destroy . '' 
 she turned her head . 
 keith was struggling to open the cage . 
 fumbling with keys . 
 sabine frowned and sent fire racing toward the cage . 
 vaughn screamed when the fire licked over his arm . 
 `` i only know the flames , '' she whispered . 
 her voice was husky . 
 deeper than before . 
 flowing with power . 
 darkness . 
 in her eyes , he saw rage and pain and fear . 
 and he remembered another time . 
 the first time she 'd burned before him . 
 `` i thought you 'd died then , too , '' he said . 
 malcolm rose to his feet . 
 a gaping hole filled his chest . 
 he 'd dug the bullet out of his heart . 
 now malcolm was coming for him again . 
 `` one of us is dying , brother ! '' 
 malcolm swore as he charged at ryder . 
 `` one of us is - '' sabine put her hand on malcolm 's chest . 
 he howled in pain and ... he burned . 
 quickly , too quickly . 
 he fell to the ground , tried to roll to put out the fire , but the flames would n't die . 
 instead , he died . 
 in mere moments . 
 then there was only ... ash left . 
 there 'd be no returning from that . 
 sabine lifted her hand and asked ryder , `` are you ready to die , too ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you ca n't kill me . '' 
 malcolm was truly dead now . 
 rest in peace , brother . 
 finally . 
 maybe there would finally be some peace for him on the other side . 
 or maybe there would only be more fire . 
 `` i can kill anyone . '' 
 she had flames at her fingertips . 
 `` i can burn you , from the inside out . '' 
 `` pull it back , '' he told her , keeping his voice calm with every ounce of his strength . 
 for an instant , her expression flickered . 
 did she remember ? 
 another time , another place , but he 'd spoken those exact words to her before . 
 the fire died above her hand . 
 she touched her temple . 
 rubbed it . 
 `` destroy . 
 burn . 
 it 's what the fire whispers to me . '' 
 he had to get sabine to ignore that insidious whisper . 
 he had to make her remember . 
 so he told her the same thing he 'd told her the first time she 'd risen for him . 
 ryder lifted his hand to her and said , `` i thought you were dead . '' 
 her lips moved . 
 she looked scared , lost . 
 `` i was . '' 
 then she shook her head . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` ryder . '' 
 and he closed the last of the space between them . 
 she raised her hands again , as if to ward him off , but the fire did n't burn from her palms . 
 not now . 
 `` stay away from me ! '' 
 sabine shouted . 
 `` never , '' he whispered . 
 sabine slammed her palms against her head . 
 `` hurts ... burn ... '' her eyes locked on his . 
 `` what is happening to me ? '' 
 she 'd asked him that before . 
 when she 'd burned in his cell and returned to him . 
 now he just told her , `` you 're coming back to me . '' 
 flames were on the ceiling . 
 all around them . 
 he did n't risk a glance at the humans . 
 but from the corner of his eye , he saw dante running from the room . 
 with ... cassie cradled in his arms ? 
 but vaughn and keith would still be trapped . 
 sabine 's fire was raging out of control . 
 if he did n't stop it , how many would die ? 
 how many humans were in the building ? 
 would the fire spread to the rest of the block ? 
 to the whole city ? 
 her power was limitless , he saw that now . 
 everyone else needed to fear her . 
 but he ... he just loved her . 
 ryder reached for her hands . 
 `` sabine . '' 
 she blinked at him . 
 `` i 've heard your voice ... calling to me ... through the fire . '' 
 yes . 
 he swallowed . 
 kept his hands light and gentle on her feverish skin . 
 `` stop the fire , '' he told her softly . 
 `` i-i do n't know how ! '' 
 tears leaked down her cheeks . 
 his heart ached . 
 they 'd been through all of this before . 
 but this time , he knew what to do . 
 she knew fury and fear and pain . 
 he would remind her of something else . 
 love . 
 `` help me , '' she whispered to him . 
 `` please . '' 
 `` i will , '' he promised . 
 then ryder put his lips to hers . 
 he kissed her , pushing all of the love and need he felt into that kiss . 
 but she jerked her head away from him . 
 her eyes were even more afraid . 
 `` why do n't you burn ? '' 
 `` because you 'd never hurt me . '' 
 she was shaking . 
 hurting so much . 
 he had to stop her pain . 
 `` and i wo n't let you hurt . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i love you , sabine . '' 
 he kissed her again . 
 soft , gentle , even as the fire crackled and raged . 
 she stood tense and scared at first , but then her lips parted just a little . 
 her breath eased out . 
 he took that breath , as he 'd take anything that she 'd offer to him . 
 his lips were careful on hers . 
 he held back his frantic need . 
 held tight to his control . 
 he just wanted her to return , his sabine , with her memory . 
 her fire . 
 her wit . 
 her beautiful spirit . 
 her hands pushed lightly at his chest . 
 he lifted his head . 
 she stared at him , and the flames seemed to have dimmed in her eyes . 
 `` y-you ... you have fangs . '' 
 his heart squeezed at the familiar words . 
 that was what she 'd said to him before , too , when they 'd been trapped in his cell , and that time , he 'd told her , `` and you 're burning the room around us . '' 
 his voice was husky . 
 from the corner of his eye , ryder saw a dark form dart through the doorway . 
 another man . 
 he ran toward the cage . 
 it looked like the man was trying to help keith . 
 trying to save vaughn . 
 ryder focused on sabine once more . 
 if he did n't stop sabine , there would be no saving anyone . 
 `` pull it back , love , '' he told her , deliberately using the words he 'd said in his cell in order to jar her memory . 
 `` pull it back . '' 
 then he kissed her again . 
 `` focus on me . '' 
 just like they 'd done before . 
 `` breathe , '' he told her . 
 `` slow . 
 deep . '' 
 his hand moved to rest over her heart . 
 `` too fast , '' ryder told her . 
 `` breathe . 
 you 're safe with me . '' 
 her breath whispered out . 
 her hands were n't pushing against him now . 
 they were digging into his chest . 
 `` i ... remember you . '' 
 he wanted to yank her against him and hold tight . 
 `` good because i love you . '' 
 he 'd tell her forever . 
 every day for the rest of their lives . 
 the flames were gone from her eyes . 
 around them , the fire was dying . 
 `` vampire , '' she whispered . 
 he nodded . 
 `` you ... bit me . '' 
 he had , several times . 
 `` you ... love me . '' 
 he would , always . 
 another tear leaked from her eye . 
 `` i remember you ... '' the good ? 
 the bad ? 
 she smiled then , and it was n't the deadly , dangerous smile from moments before . 
 it was n't the phoenix smiling . 
 it was the woman , and her smile was beautiful . 
 she was beautiful . 
 `` my vampire , '' sabine said . 
 hell , yes , he was hers . 
 always . 
 then her body trembled . 
 he caught her in his arms , lifting her up when she would have fallen . 
 holding her so tightly against his chest . 
 his heart . 
 then he saw the others . 
 keith and-rhett ? 
 hell , that crazy bastard who 'd run into the flames had been sabine 's brother ? 
 if ryder had n't been so busy trying to stop the inferno , he would have recognized the man instantly . 
 but he 'd been a bit ... distracted . 
 rhett and keith had just opened the door of the cage . 
 vaughn was rushing out at them . 
 they were going to get bitten . 
 become primal . 
 he yelled out a warning . 
 even as a shot fired out . 
 the blast hit vaughn in the chest , and he fell to the floor , unconscious . 
 `` it 's safe now , '' cassie 's voice called . 
 `` you can carry him out . '' 
 she stood in the broken remains of the doorway , a gun in her hands . 
 `` i gave him a tranq . '' 
 the wounds on her neck were all but gone . 
 she 'd been at death 's door , but now she was back . 
 moving . 
 barking out orders . 
 that sure as hell was n't a normal recovery . 
 not even normal for a vampire , much less a human . 
 the tears of a phoenix . 
 had she really made that sob dante shed a tear ? 
 it sure looked as if she had . 
 `` rhett ? '' 
 sabine 's stunned voice . 
 `` i almost killed my brother ! '' 
 ryder kissed her . 
 `` you did n't , '' he said fiercely against her mouth . 
 `` you did n't . '' 
 her lips trembled . 
 `` i did ... kill ... your brother . '' 
 ashes to ashes . 
 `` you gave him peace . '' 
 the peace he 'd sure never found on earth . 
 the last of his family was gone now . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' sabine said as she hugged him . 
 he realized then that , no , his family was n't gone . 
 his family was right in front of him . 
 in his arms . 
 sabine was his family . 
 the life he 'd wanted for so long . 
 keith was sobbing as he hauled out his limp son . 
 the human ... a human sabine had known for most of her life . 
 ryder glanced back at her lovely face . 
 he could still see the tears on her cheeks . 
 `` cassie , '' ryder snapped out the other woman 's name . 
 she rushed to him . 
 one look , and she understood just what he wanted from her . 
 she ran away for a moment , then came back with a small vial clutched in her hand . 
 she reached for sabine . 
 sabine flinched away . 
 `` what - '' `` your tears may be able to heal him . '' 
 ryder would n't promise her that vaughn would survive . 
 not yet . 
 he did n't know what cassie could do with the primal infection , what she could do for any of those who 'd been hurt by genesis . 
 malcolm had faked his recovery , so they had no proof that the tears would have any effect on the primal . 
 but perhaps cassie could do something for them . 
 sabine stared into ryder 's eyes , and another tear slid down her cheek . 
 `` i could have lost you . 
 rhett . 
 everything . '' 
 cassie took that tear and hurriedly stepped back . 
 `` you remember , '' ryder whispered . 
 her lips rose into a faint smile . 
 `` you 're pretty unforgettable . '' 
 the ceiling was groaning . 
 cracking . 
 the building could n't withstand the punishment from the fire . 
 ryder carried sabine out of the room . 
 he took the lab coat that cassie gave to them and covered sabine 's golden skin . 
 the fire had burned away her clothes . 
 it had burned away everything . 
 `` start again with me , '' he said . 
 i can do this right . 
 `` you have the memories , but this time , i swear , i can make things better . '' 
 her smile widened as she shook her head . 
 `` please , '' he whispered , when he 'd never begged anyone or anything . 
 `` i do n't want to start over . '' 
 they left the ash and blood and smoldering fire behind . 
 rhett and keith and cassie came after them , pulling out vaughn 's body . 
 there was no sign of dante . 
 ryder took sabine outside , where she could breathe the fresh air . 
 hear the sights and smell the scents of the city she loved so much . 
 he did n't know if she was back to being a full phoenix or if part of her remained a vampire . 
 and , really , he did n't care what she was . 
 he loved her . 
 that was all that mattered . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 her lips stretched into a smile . 
 `` i want to be with you . '' 
 she probably deserved better . 
 no , she damn well deserved better , but he 'd kill any man or supernatural who ever tried to take her from him . 
 so sabine was pretty much stuck with him . 
 if she wanted to leave me , could i let her go ? 
 it was a dark thought , and one he did n't want to examine too deeply . 
 he needed her so much . 
 too much ? 
 maybe he was n't what she - sabine 's soft laughter stopped him . 
 `` you just faced me and my fire , so why worry now ? 
 do n't you realize , vampire , you 're all that i want ? 
 the only man who can get through the flames and get to me ? '' 
 she pulled his head down toward her . 
 `` i want to go where you go . 
 i want to be with you . '' 
 and the only place he wanted to go ? 
 wherever the hell she was . 
 if she wanted to stay in new orleans , he 'd make the city safe for her . 
 if she wanted to f ** king fly to paris , he 'd buy her a jet . 
 he 'd do anything for her . 
 risk anything . 
 give anything . 
 his forehead pressed against hers . 
 `` do n't ever die on me again . '' 
 because he 'd wanted to cut out his own heart when her eyes had gone blank . 
 `` if i do , '' she whispered , `` i 'll come back . 
 i swear , i 'll never leave you . '' 
 he believed her . 
 after all , his sabine had never lied . 
 she 'd also never said ... `` i love you , ryder . '' 
 he kissed her . 
 then heard the disgruntled , `` hell , '' that came from rhett . 
 `` looks like i 'll have a vamp brother-in-law . '' 
 yes , he would . 
 ryder ignored the human . 
 rhett had managed to shake off his compulsion , just as ryder suspected he might do . 
 he 'd come back to the city , ready to face any enemies . 
 ryder could respect him . 
 but even though he had that respect , he was n't about to stop kissing sabine . 
 because she was all that mattered . 
 fire . 
 blood . 
 fury . 
 life . 
 death . 
 lust . 
 love . 
 she 'd given him the world , and he 'd spend the rest of his days laying the whole damn world at her feet . 
 epilogue cassie paced down the narrow corridor . 
 the fluorescent lights barely flickered over her head . 
 she 'd made the serum from the phoenix 's tears , and the primal cure had actually worked . 
 the tears from the phoenix were amazing . 
 she 'd been able to inject vaughn adams , and , while he had n't become human again , he 'd managed to leash the beast that had been created within him . 
 he could function once more . 
 could control his ravenous hunger . 
 he did n't have a mouthful of fangs . 
 actually , he only had two fangs now . 
 just like any other vampire . 
 his knife-like claws had vanished . 
 his eyes showed sanity , not the delirium of the beast . 
 and there was enough serum left that she could possibly treat five other primals . 
 if any others were still out there . 
 the tears had been just what she needed . 
 but a phoenix could n't exactly cry on demand . 
 it seemed that only a life-or-death situation could bring forth the tears of a phoenix . 
 the phoenix had to care , had to love . 
 and had to break before the tears would fall . 
 ryder was n't about to let his phoenix break again , so cassie knew there would be no more tears from sabine . 
 but sabine had done more than any other before her . 
 she 'd shed tears to save ryder , and the female phoenix must have also cried to save cassie 's life . 
 because cassie knew that she 'd been about to die . 
 she 'd felt the cold touch of death sweeping over her . 
 but she 'd recovered . 
 cheated death . 
 all because of a phoenix 's tears . 
 thank you , sabine . 
 the floor creaked behind her . 
 cassie froze . 
 she should be alone on this level of her lab . 
 she 'd been working with a wolf shifter-one who 'd been the unfortunate prisoner of richard wyatt-but she was making headway with him . 
 he was housed downstairs , but that creak ... it came from steps behind me . 
 slowly , she turned around . 
 in the shadows at the end of the hall , she could just make out the tall , dark form of a man . 
 and she could see his eyes . 
 glowing , burning with flames . 
 her heart slammed into her chest . 
 those eyes had haunted her memories . 
 her nightmares . 
 `` hello , cassandra , '' his deep , rumbling voice seemed to pour over her , `` i 've missed you . '' 
 then dante stepped forward , and cassandra was pretty sure that her world stopped . 
 he could n't have cried for her . 
 dante did n't care about anyone . 
 not anything . 
 he could n't have . 
 he was coming for her . 
 stalking slowly out of the shadows . 
 cassie did n't know if she should scream or reach for him . 
 `` cassie ? '' 
 another voice . 
 coming from the opposite end of the hall . 
 cassie whirled around and saw ryder striding toward her . 
 he 'd just come up the stairs . 
 a frown pulled down the handsome lines of his face . 
 ryder ... right ... he 'd said that he would stop by to check on the serum 's progress and on the status of the werewolf . 
 somehow , ryder knew the wolf . 
 seemed to actually want to help him , too . 
 he 's making amends , just like me . 
 ryder glanced over cassie 's shoulder , then he looked back at her . 
 `` is everything all right ? '' 
 what ? 
 of course , things were n't all right . 
 a phoenix was stalking her , he was - she looked behind her . 
 the hallway was empty . 
 there were n't even any shadows there . 
 just a too-bright fluorescent light . 
 cassie shivered . 
 what was happening to her ? 
 he touched her arm , and she flinched . 
 `` s-sorry ... '' a phoenix is haunting me . 
 wherever i go , i feel like he 's with me . 
 she forced her shoulders to straighten . 
 cassie cleared her throat . 
 `` i need to tell sabine how much i appreciate all that she 's done . '' 
 `` sabine wanted to help vaughn . '' 
 because sabine was a good person . 
 sabine wanted to help everyone . 
 and she was doing it all out of the goodness of her heart . 
 not just because she was trying to erase the black sins from her soul . 
 not like me . 
 `` she saved me , '' cassie continued , clearing her throat . 
 i imagined dante . 
 he was n't there . 
 i 've just been working too hard . 
 that was the story of her life . 
 `` i was a stranger to her , i - '' ryder 's tightening expression told her all that she needed to know . 
 not sabine . 
 `` it took sabine a while to get her control back . '' 
 ryder shook his head . 
 `` you ... you would n't have lasted that long . '' 
 her lips were numb . 
 her cheeks . 
 her hands . 
 `` what happened to me ? '' 
 `` dante took you from the room . '' 
 a muscle flexed along the hard line of his jaw . 
 `` then the next thing i knew , you were rushing back inside and shooting at vaughn . '' 
 because she 'd woken to the smell of fire . 
 her throat had still been bleeding . 
 her fingers rose and traced over the healed skin . 
 she 'd heard the screams and she 'd rushed into the burning back room . 
 sabine had been alive then , the only phoenix she 'd seen there . 
 and dante , he hated her , so why would he have brought her back ? 
 why would he have wasted a single second on her , much less actually shed a tear ? 
 a shiver skated over her . 
 impossible . 
 the wounds just must not have been as severe as she 'd thought . 
 ryder was mistaken about what he 'd seen . 
 obviously , the guy had been distracted as he focused on saving sabine . 
 there had been so much fire and smoke . 
 he had n't seen clearly . 
 i dragged myself out of the room . 
 yes , that 's what happened . 
 then i got ... i got stronger when i breathed some fresh air . 
 i was able to go back inside and help the others . 
 `` why do you look so scared ? '' 
 ryder asked her as he tilted his head to study her . 
 `` has someone been threatening you ? '' 
 she remembered eyes that burned . 
 `` n-no . '' 
 cassie forced a smile . 
 `` everything is fine . 
 the patients are getting better . '' 
 the nightmare that was genesis-it was over . 
 dead . 
 she would n't tell ryder about dante . 
 besides , there was nothing to tell . 
 just the nightmares that were now haunting her days . 
 and the dreams that haunted her nights . 
 dreams of dante touching her . 
 calling for her . 
 she grabbed her stethoscope . 
 `` let 's go check on the wolf . '' 
 her steps tapped over the tile . 
 cassie did n't look back , but she could have sworn that she smelled ... smoke . 
 and where there was smoke ... a phoenix often waited . 
