 chapter one he had n't expected her to be dead . 
 jamie o'connell narrowed his eyes as he studied the still woman before him . 
 her body had been placed-very carefully , he had no doubt of that-in the middle of a large bed . 
 white , gossamer curtains billowed around the bed , looking like thin spider webs that had been spun to shield her body . 
 `` this is a bad idea , '' sean whelen , jamie 's first in command , muttered as he grabbed jamie 's arm . 
 `` there 's a reason she 's under , man . 
 the woman is evil . '' 
 she did n't look evil . 
 she looked ... beautiful . 
 jamie shook off sean 's hold . 
 the guy swore but stepped back as jamie shoved away those too-thin curtains and let his gaze sweep over the prize he 'd sought for so long . 
 the woman was pale , but that was expected of her kind . 
 it was n't like she would have been a fan of sunbathing even before she 'd succumbed to the curse that had locked her body . 
 her hair was long and dark , lustrous and gleaming against the bedding . 
 a silken , white dress covered her , skimming over what he could see were ample br ** sts and the kind of hips he 'd always enjoyed holding tight . 
 `` we 're going to die , '' sean told him , voice definite . 
 `` probably in the next five minutes . 
 some horrible , painful death . '' 
 jamie tossed him a glare . 
 `` not helping . '' 
 sean rocked back on his heels . 
 `` and it 's not like we have a choice , '' jamie muttered . 
 hell . 
 he did n't want to do this . 
 waking the woman known as the blood queen was n't exactly something that jamie had ever thought he 'd do . 
 but sometimes , a werewolf could sure get desperate . 
 especially when the lives of his remaining packmates were on the line . 
 so he put his hands on her body . 
 ice cold . 
 figured . 
 `` she 's not breathing , is she ? '' 
 as usual , sean kept talking . 
 but this time , the guy was right . 
 `` no . '' 
 that was why she looked ... dead . 
 when he 'd first heard the story about the blood queen , he 'd just thought it was bullshit . 
 he was n't staring at bullshit . 
 he 'd had to kill his way through half a dozen paranormal bastards in order to get to her . 
 their blood still stained his clothes . 
 but if the woman before him could really do what he thought , then the hell he 'd walked through would be worth it . 
 his fingers skimmed down the delicate curve of her cheek . 
 she certainly did n't look like the walking nightmare rumors whispered about in the dark . 
 her chin was a little pointed , her lips sensual and full-and red . 
 long lashes cast faint shadows on her cheeks , and jamie wondered what color her eyes would be . 
 since he planned on waking her up real soon , jamie knew he was about to find out . 
 he lifted his hand away from her face and claws ripped from his fingertips . 
 `` go outside , '' jamie ordered sean . 
 `` guard the door , just in case ... '' `` uh , yeah , in case the crazy bitch gets loose and kills you ? '' 
 no . 
 he was n't worried about that . 
 jamie had this , her . 
 `` in case we 've been tracked . 
 i do n't want anyone stopping me . 
 not until i 've put the bond in place . '' 
 silence . 
 then sean gave a low whistle . 
 `` you 're ... really going to do it ? '' 
 what , did sean think he 'd gone to all this trouble for the hell of it ? 
 shits and grins ? 
 `` you know ... you know what will happen to her if you do this , jamie . '' 
 now sean almost sounded sorry for the `` crazy bitch '' in question . 
 jamie forced a shrug . 
 `` and i know what will happen to me . '' 
 he turned his head and met sean 's dark stare . 
 `` i 'll make my pack stronger . '' 
 the pack was all that mattered . 
 he 'd returned to the pack just one year before and found them under attack . 
 an attack that had come from within . 
 men , women-they 'd been brutally killed . 
 the pack had dwindled down to just six-six-werewolves . 
 there would be no more deaths in the o'connell pack . 
 but the pack ... oh , yes , the pack would have its vengeance . 
 his gaze turned back to the woman . 
 hello , vengeance . 
 she did n't stir . 
 `` go outside , '' jamie ordered again . 
 this time , sean obeyed . 
 jamie heard the shuffle of sean 's boots over the dusty floor and the creak of the old door as it slid closed . 
 then he was alone with the prey that he 'd sought for the last six months . 
 the instrument of his revenge . 
 he raised his right hand , and his claws slashed across his left wrist . 
 blood welled , dripped . 
 clenching his teeth , jamie put his hand over the woman 's mouth and he waited . 
 the seconds ticked by as his heartbeat thundered in his ears . 
 and nothing happened . 
 jamie lifted his hand . 
 blood had smeared over her lips . 
 he leaned toward her . 
 his index finger pushed lightly inside her mouth as he searched for the fangs that should have been there . 
 only they were n't . 
 the woman had perfectly normal , human teeth . 
 no fangs . 
 he pulled back . 
 the wound he 'd made on his wrist throbbed with a dull ache , but he ignored it . 
 pain did n't matter . 
 never had , to him . 
 frowning , he put his hand on her chest . 
 he did n't feel a heartbeat . 
 despite what humans believed , the hearts of vampires actually did beat . 
 only her heart was ominously still . 
 his back teeth ground together . 
 `` maybe you are dead , '' he gritted out . 
 the blood queen had been under a spell for the last fifteen years . 
 a spell , a curse , same damn thing to him . 
 the blood of a werewolf had put her under-that blood had frozen her body and locked the spell 's magic in place . 
 and the blood of a werewolf was supposed to wake her . 
 only she was n't waking up . 
 hell . 
 so much for his big , secret weapon . 
 jamie would just have to find another way to destroy latham and - she had golden eyes . 
 dark , deep golden eyes . 
 `` i 'm not ... dead , '' she said , her voice a husky purr that actually seemed to roll through him , `` but you ... are . '' 
 and her hand flashed up . 
 the woman was strong-far stronger than he 'd expected-and she grabbed him by the shoulder and yanked him toward her . 
 then her mouth , her very sharp teeth , bit into his throat . 
 instead of being afraid , jamie smiled and let the blood queen taste him . 
 drink up , baby . 
 it 's your funeral . 
 because with every drop of blood that she took in these first moments , she was just locking herself to him ever more deeply . 
 bonding them , body to body , blood to blood , until there would be no escape . 
 not for either of them . 
 his claws dug into the sheets as he held his body perfectly still . 
 revenge would sure be one bloody bitch . 
 latham , get ready to die . 
 *** do n't kill him . 
 the whisper slid through the shattered remains of iona 's mind . 
 his blood was in her mouth , flowing like rich bliss over her tongue . 
 his hot , strong body was against hers , and ... her heart was beating . 
 hard , pounding beats that seemed to tremble through her . 
 she could feel and hear every single beat . 
 her teeth pressed into him . 
 she was probably hurting this man , but she could n't seem to stop herself . 
 she was starving . 
 had been starving , for so very long . 
 pull back . 
 do n't kill . 
 but it was so hard to keep her control . 
 her heart beat was growing faster . 
 she could feel the power of his blood sliding through her body . 
 giving her strength when before there had been only weakness . 
 there 'd been ... nothing . 
 `` i think that 's enough . '' 
 his voice was low , deep , and tinged with the faintest brush of an irish accent . 
 she ignored his words . 
 iona had n't enjoyed her fill of him yet and - `` i said ... enough . '' 
 his hands , big , powerful , caught her shoulders and shoved her away . 
 her back hit the wooden headboard of the bed , and she blinked up at him . 
 `` if you drain me , then this little deal is n't going to work . '' 
 she licked her lips and still tasted him . 
 maybe it was because she 'd gone without blood for so long , but the man-he 'd tasted incredible . 
 fresh . 
 wild . 
 spicy . 
 she 'd like more . 
 when iona tried to lunge forward , his hands just tightened around her shoulders , and he kept her pinned against the bed 's head-board . 
 `` not so fast , baby . '' 
 baby ? 
 her eyes narrowed and she actually managed to focus and look up at his face . 
 hard angles . 
 brutal cheekbones . 
 a sharp nose . 
 lips that were ... sexy . 
 her breath whispered out . 
 there were faint scars on his left cheek . 
 old . 
 little ridges that raised the flesh and gave him a tough , dangerous appearance . 
 she 'd always enjoyed danger . 
 until that lust for danger sent me to hell . 
 his hair was dark , even darker than her own . 
 light drifted through the window on the far right . 
 light . 
 actual light ! 
 and with that light , she saw only pure black in his hair . 
 his eyes-a sharp , intense green-were a bright contrast to that thick darkness . 
 `` you settlin ' down ? '' 
 he demanded and that faint irish burr rolled beneath his words . 
 some might not have even noticed that slight accent . 
 iona was n't some . 
 she was also hardly settling down . 
 but ... how did he hold her back so easily ? 
 she 'd taken a lot of blood from him during that frenzied feeding . 
 he should be weak . 
 if he were human , he would be unconscious . 
 just what type of creature was he ? 
 his gaze flickered over her . 
 blood-his-had dripped onto her dress . 
 her heart beat had finally dimmed . 
 her heart still raced just as frantically in her chest , but the thunderous booms did n't threaten to burst her ears any longer . 
 her heartbeat had been the first sound she 'd stopped hearing . 
 listen , iona ... listen to these last , desperate beats . 
 thud . 
 thud . 
 do you hear them ? 
 they 're slowing . 
 soon , they 'll stop . 
 thud . 
 and you 'll never hear your heart beat again . 
 as that memory whispered through her mind , a scream broke from her and iona lunged upward as she battled the ghost from her past . 
 her nails turned into claws , and she attacked the man before her . 
 she swiped out , catching him across the chest and then tossing him aside . 
 in the next instant , she was on her feet . 
 the long dress tangled around her legs and she ripped the fabric away from her thighs as she lunged for the door and sweet , sweet freedom . 
 get out . 
 the walls would n't hold her prisoner any longer . 
 she would n't hear the rustle of insects or the scuttle of rats or the whisper of the wind or - iona yanked open the heavy metal door , nearly tearing it right from its hinges . 
 another man whirled to face her . 
 his handsome face tightened when he saw her and claws broke from his nails . 
 long , razor-sharp claws that could have passed for knives . 
 claws that were much bigger and shaper than the talon-like ones that she possessed . 
 werewolf . 
 rage filled her , blocking all other thought . 
 the room faded in focus around her . 
 she could only see him . 
 the beast . 
 the monster . 
 just like the one who 'd imprisoned her . 
 `` die . '' 
 her whisper . 
 her voice was broken . 
 she was broken . 
 but killing the wolf could help to make her whole . 
 this man-this werewolf-he had n't been the one to save her . 
 not like the other one . 
 he had n't brought her back . 
 so there was no remorse in her , no phantom urge to protect him as she grabbed his head and twisted his neck to the side . 
 then she felt claws circle her own throat . 
 `` he can be an ass ** le sometimes , but i ca n't let you kill him . '' 
 the other man . 
 irish . 
 and had he said ass ** le or arsehole ? 
 with the irish thickening in his voice , she could n't tell for sure . 
 not that it mattered . 
 what mattered was ... her rescuer had ... claws , too . 
 werewolf . 
 two werewolves . 
 she freed the fool at the door even as she began to plan her next attack . 
 `` get out of here , sean , '' irish said . 
 the one called sean scrambled back and jerked the door closed as he left . 
 her captor kept his claws at her throat and slowly forced her to turn and face him . 
 blood soaked his shirt and that sweet scent tempted her . 
 iona 's fangs were out , and her body , so long starved for nourishment , shuddered with longing . 
 another taste . 
 if he did n't kill her , she 'd get that taste . 
 as weak as she was , even a mangy wolf might be able to take her out . 
 maybe . 
 `` i want my taste , too . '' 
 she had no idea what he was talking about . 
 his green eyes seemed to burn into hers . 
 `` i bled for you , and now it 's your turn . '' 
 the claws at her neck slid across her skin . 
 the pain was brief , a prick that she almost did n't even feel , but then he was pulling her closer . 
 wrapping his arms around her , and because the man was huge-towering far over six feet-he lifted her up against him so that her toes barely touched the ground . 
 then he put his mouth on her throat and he ... he licked her skin . 
 her breath shuddered out of her . 
 iona knew she should fight , but her legs were still weak . 
 she ached . 
 she ... liked the feel of his mouth on her . 
 `` mmmm ... did n't expect that , '' the man murmured against her skin . 
 her eyes were wide open , staring behind him at the bed that had been her jail cell . 
 how long had she been there ? 
 so long that she 'd gone crazy enough to let a wolf put his paws on her . 
 `` re ... lease me ... '' her voice was hushed , so raspy . 
 her throat ached when she spoke , but the blood would heal her . 
 soon enough . 
 `` or ... die . '' 
 his tongue slid over her skin . 
 did he-did he press a kiss to her throat before his head lifted ? 
 it felt as if he had . 
 `` easy . 
 i barely took a sip from you . '' 
 one dark brow rose as he offered her a half-smile that flashed a dimple in his cheek . 
 `` while you guzzled me like a frat boy with a new keg . '' 
 a frat ... ? 
 her eyes slit and she forced herself to speak again , `` re ... lease ... '' `` right , right ... '' he dropped his hands and moved back a step . 
 `` happy now ? '' 
 her teeth snapped together . 
 happy was n't exactly a part of her vocabulary . 
 the man raised his hands . 
 `` i 'm guessing that 's a no ? '' 
 `` who are ... you ? '' 
 her voice was a bit stronger now . 
 good . 
 `` i 'm the man who saved your sweet ass . '' 
 definitely sounded like arse that time . 
 her gaze swept over him . 
 `` not ... man . '' 
 men did n't have claws . 
 men did n't drink blood . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` true enough . 
 i 'm more than just a man . '' 
 a brief pause . 
 `` i 'm a werewolf . '' 
 `` so ... you 're dead ... '' a threat because ... he would be . 
 vampires and werewolves did n't mix . 
 she 'd tried that path once upon a bloody time . 
 hell had been her reward . 
 `` not quite . '' 
 that grin came again . 
 his dimple winked . 
 `` i 'm the hero who just rescued you . '' 
 werewolves were n't heroes . 
 they were the monsters in all the stories . 
 all of her stories , anyway . 
 `` and i 'm the guy who can give you exactly what you want . '' 
 he did n't know her . 
 how could he possibly know what she wanted ? 
 her lips parted and she sucked in a deep breath . 
 then she realized what she was doing . 
 air . 
 wonderful , precious air . 
 her lungs had been starved , for so long . 
 she actually felt a bit dizzy as she pulled in more of that delicious air . 
 his eyes were on her , watching her far too closely , and then the guy said , `` i can give you latham , and i 'll even help you to cut the bastard 's head off . '' 
 okay . 
 perhaps ... maybe ... this stranger did know what she wanted , after all . 
 she 'd let him keep living a bit longer . 
 latham . 
 the name had burned itself in her memory . 
 latham gentry was the wolf responsible for sending her to hell . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 iona asked again . 
 her speech was improving by the second . 
 good thing she 'd always been a fast healer . 
 `` my name 's jamie o'connell . '' 
 the name meant nothing to her . 
 it was irish . 
 so was he . 
 in all her very long life , she 'd never met jamie o'connell before . 
 not until she 'd opened her eyes and tasted his blood . 
 now that she knew him , iona realized she 'd never forget the werewolf . 
 his memory would stay with her long after he was dead . 
 `` just give me a little time , '' jamie said as he nodded his dark head , `` and i 'll lead you right to latham . '' 
 she stared at him . 
 the werewolf was trying to offer her some sort of deal . 
 she did n't do deals . 
 `` you brought me back . '' 
 he 'd given her the blood she needed to break whatever wretched curse latham had used on her . 
 jamie inclined his head toward her . 
 she figured that was an agreement . 
 she 'd once vowed to destroy the werewolves , to take them out ... one by one . 
 but this man , this werewolf , he 'd given her life . 
 killing him then , well , it did n't exactly seem right . 
 `` count yourself lucky , wolf . '' 
 she brushed by him and headed for the window . 
 the only window in that narrow room . 
 as she walked into the ray of light that spilled through the glass , the sunlight felt wonderfully warm on her chilled skin . 
 most vampires hated the light . 
 not iona . 
 she 'd been in the darkness for so long that she was desperate for that light . 
 she pressed her palm to the windowpane . 
 beyond that glass , she saw the rough edges of the cliffs that waited outside . 
 heard the crash of waves . 
 water seemed to surround her . 
 figured , water would be needed for a holding spell . 
 the werewolf and his damn witch . 
 she 'd find them both . 
 make them bleed and beg . 
 but first , she had to deal with this werewolf . 
 `` good-bye , jamie o'connell , '' iona said , without bothering to look back at him . 
 then she slammed her hand through the glass . 
 the window shattered and broken glass rained down on the floor-and fell outside of the window . 
 jamie called out her name , but she did n't stop . 
 in an instant , she 'd leapt through that window , and she was rushing for her freedom . 
 she was an old vampire , one gifted with powers that few others could ever hope to possess . 
 she 'd been born as a vampire . 
 born to a father who wanted the power of the gods . 
 he 'd gotten her instead . 
 she leapt over the rocky terrain . 
 stared at the water that seemed to howl and snarl below her . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 the dark werewolf , giving chase . 
 she paused at the edge of the cliff . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he demanded as he rushed after her . 
 `` do you want to die ? '' 
 she laughed then , and the sound was as brittle as her voice . 
 iona glanced over her shoulder at him . 
 `` i 've been dead for too long . '' 
 and she wanted to wash away the rot and stench of the hell that had trapped her . 
 `` it 's time for me to live again . '' 
 and when the blood queen lived , everyone else should fear . 
 lifting her hands high above her , iona turned back to the crashing waves . 
 then she stepped off the edge of the cliff and plummeted into the dark water below her . 
 *** footsteps pounded behind jamie as he peered over the edge of the cliff . 
 hell , that was at least a thirty foot drop . 
 forty ? 
 the water roared below him . 
 `` are you going after her ? '' 
 sean asked as the younger wolf huffed to a stop beside him . 
 her head had just broken through the foaming waves . 
 while jamie watched , the vampire called iona began to swim through the churning tide , taking her sweet time as she moved easily through the water . 
 amazing . 
 in-freaking-sane . 
 jaw clenching , he gritted , `` no . '' 
 because , unlike the vamp , he was n't ready to risk having his body savaged by the rocks and the waves and whatever the hell else waited below . 
 `` she 's getting away , '' sean said , pointing out the obvious . 
 he had an annoying tendency to do that . 
 jamie slanted the guy a hard glance . 
 sean should be glad the lady was swimming away . 
 especially considering that the vampire in question had been close to ending sean 's life just minutes before . 
 then sean gave a slow shake of his head and met jamie 's gaze . 
 `` that did n't go quite as we planned , did it ? '' 
 he re-assessed his grand plan . 
 iona was a strong swimmer . 
 correction , she was just plain strong . 
 ten minutes after waking , and the woman was cutting through the water like an olympic swimmer . 
 very interesting . 
 very promising . 
 jamie smiled and let his anger wash away . 
 `` it went even better than i 'd planned . '' 
 the blood queen ... iona ... she 'd definitely lived up to the stories that he 'd heard . 
 iona . 
 her name whispered through his mind . 
 beautiful . 
 seductive . 
 a perfect name for his vampire . 
 before , he had n't been able to match that name with a face . 
 now he knew just what she looked like . 
 it would be impossible to ever forget a woman like her . 
 he glanced down at the water once more . 
 then , because he knew where the vampire would go , jamie turned away from the cliff . 
 iona thought she was safe . 
 that she was still the paranormal bad-ass that others had to fear . 
 once she got to town , she 'd see that the rules of the game had changed . 
 she would n't be getting away from him . 
 not now . 
 not ever . 
 the bond he 'd forged with her could never be broken . 
 at least , not if the vampire wanted to keep living . 
 chapter two as far as hunting prospects were concerned , the small coastal town of shade , oregon , was n't exactly ripe with possibilities . 
 two bars-both rundown as all hell and faded from time-blasted music into the night . 
 just two . 
 when iona turned up , jamie knew she 'd head to one of those bars . 
 he just had to make sure he chose the right hunting spot in order to catch her . 
 the music kept playing . 
 some young band danced across the stage while girls in low-cut tops swayed in their seats . 
 the alcohol was pouring , laughter floated in the air , and as the darkness deepened outside , not one of the humans there seemed to realize the danger that stalked them . 
 humans . 
 they could be so oblivious . 
 maybe that was why they still thought vampires and werewolves existed only in movies and nightmares . 
 jamie tapped the counter and the bartender slid him another beer . 
 not just in movies , kids . 
 we 're right in front of you . 
 he drained the beer in two gulps . 
 now , to just find iona ... jamie put his back to the bar and propped his elbows on the countertop behind him . 
 his gaze swept the crowd once more and ... she walked in . 
 not still clad in her blood-stained gown , but wearing jeans that curled around her legs , high hells that clicked across the floor , and a tight , black t-shirt that pushed her br ** sts forward and had three men scrambling eagerly toward her . 
 hell . 
 iona smiled , and jamie saw that she was careful not to flash any fang . 
 for the moment . 
 but then she took the hand of one of the fools who had rushed toward her , and she began to lead the guy back outside . 
 talk about your easy prey . 
 jamie was almost tempted to let the dumb kid die . 
 almost . 
 stupidity should n't be a crime punishable by death . 
 he tossed some cash down on the bar and stalked after his blood queen . 
 bodies jostled into him as he made his way through the bar , but he just shoved those bodies the hell out of his way . 
 in moments , he was outside and the bar 's main door slammed closed behind him . 
 the scent of the ocean teased his nose as the wind blew lightly against him . 
 wind that carried not just the salt of the ocean , but the coppery odor of blood . 
 his claws wanted to break free . 
 the beast inside roared , but jamie yanked back on his wolf 's chain . 
 holding tight to his control , jamie followed the scent of blood , rounded the building and saw - the kid-some college-aged guy with sun-streaked blond hair-was pressed up against the side of the building . 
 iona had her hands on his chest . 
 the jerk was moaning and her fangs were in his throat . 
 jamie 's teeth ground together as he rushed toward them . 
 but before he could grab iona , she fell away from the guy and hit the ground , hard . 
 her body began to shake as she wiped her hand over her mouth . 
 `` poi ... son ... '' the blond was n't moving . 
 he lifted a hand to his throat and touched the faint wound on his neck . 
 `` wh - '' jamie lunged forward and grabbed the blond by the shoulder . 
 `` get the hell out of here . '' 
 the guy 's eyes widened , but , despite the fear jamie could smell , the fellow shook his head and glanced over at iona . 
 `` she 's hurt . 
 i-i should help ... '' the dumbass did n't seem to get that iona had just tried to eat him . 
 and now he wanted to play galahad . 
 figured . 
 hero complexes . 
 jamie sure did n't suffer from them . 
 `` get out of here , or i 'll just knock your ass out . '' 
 jamie lifted his fist . 
 one punch , and galahad would n't be waking up for hours . 
 galahad swallowed . 
 `` i-i - '' iona was back on her feet . 
 `` you burned me ! '' 
 she yelled , then she leapt at her would-be-snack . 
 jamie caught her before she could do any permanent damage to galahad . 
 `` go , '' he bit off to the fool . 
 `` now . '' 
 finally , galahad left . 
 iona twisted and bucked in jamie 's arms , and he was sure that she did n't mean to turn him on . 
 the woman seemed far too furious , but , damn , her curves were fine and when she kept rubbing that ass right over his groin ... his eyes squeezed closed . 
 fucking her had n't been part of his plan . 
 this hard lust ? 
 no , not the plan . 
 he was n't supposed to want her so badly . 
 use her to hunt his enemy ? 
 yes , that was definitely on his agenda . 
 wanting to strip her and explore that silken body for hours ? 
 no , not the plan . 
 his plans just kept changing . 
 but then she stopped struggling . 
 iona just seemed to go limp in his arms . 
 her head sagged forward . 
 uh , oh . 
 he was n't sure just what kind of damage the guy 's blood might have done to her . 
 jamie knew that he probably should have warned her about that little , ah , issue , but she 'd run before he could break the news to her . 
 `` iona ? '' 
 he turned her in his arms , moving her so that iona 's chest pressed against his . 
 her eyes were closed . 
 he bent over her , wondering what to do next . 
 her eyes flew open . 
 too aware . 
 too ... hungry . 
 and rather pissed . 
 in a flash , she 'd bolted up and her teeth were on his throat . 
 no , in his throat . 
 his breath hissed out , but it was n't pain that he felt . 
 her fangs sliced through the skin in an instant , and the only sensation he felt was a burst of pleasure so intense that his whole body shuddered . 
 more of that . 
 oh , yeah . 
 more . 
 she was drinking from him , and every soft move of her lips had his body tensing even more . 
 growing harder . 
 his c ** k was swollen , fully aroused , and hot pulses of pleasure lit his blood as her mouth worked on his neck . 
 keeping his hands on her hips , he maneuvered her back , then she was the one pinned against the side of the building . 
 he tilted his head , trying to give her better access because , hell , yes , he was loving this rough ride of pleasure . 
 and the blood that she took ... it links us more . 
 his fingers slid around to the front of her jeans . 
 found the snap and jerked it free . 
 her zipper hissed down . 
 her tongue licked over him . 
 he wanted to touch her skin . 
 wanted to touch her everywhere so he could discover just how soft she 'd be . 
 her body trembled against him . 
 `` you ... you taste so good . '' 
 her soft words were whispered against his neck . 
 he was betting that she 'd taste like paradise . 
 `` he tasted like acid , but you ... '' now her voice was n't so whispered . 
 it was snapping . 
 angry as awareness grew within her . 
 her fingers curled over his shoulders , and she pushed him back , just far enough that she could see up into his eyes . 
 `` you taste like dessert . '' 
 her little pink tongue slid over her bottom lip . 
 as if she were savoring his taste . 
 dangerous . 
 the woman was lethal in more ways than he 'd realized . 
 her eyes-he could see them perfectly in the dark , a werewolf perk-narrowed on him . 
 `` why do you taste like dessert ? '' 
 iona wanted to know . 
 he deliberately let his eyes widen . 
 `` because i 'm awesome ? '' 
 her eyes had become golden slits . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 aw , their hot moment was about to be over . 
 pity . 
 his hand was still just inside of her jeans . 
 so close to the flesh he wanted to touch . 
 she seemed to realize exactly how close his fingers were to her sex because she gave a little growl and pushed him back a good five feet . 
 not inside her jeans anymore . 
 iona yanked up the zipper and fixed the snap in an instant . 
 `` you thought to f ** k me ? '' 
 hoped , not thought , but he lifted his hands and shrugged . 
 `` you thought to drain me ? '' 
 jamie tossed back . 
 she growled again . 
 sexy . 
 `` wolf , '' she snarled , `` i gave you a chance to live . 
 you should have just stayed away from me . '' 
 `` ca n't do that . '' 
 time for her to realize just how much her life had changed . 
 `` if i do , you die . '' 
 she laughed at that . 
 `` what ? 
 are you some sort of protector ? '' 
 not hardly . 
 `` are you going to keep me safe from all the other big , bad wolves out there ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 flat . 
 she blinked at that . 
 a faint furrow appeared between her brows . 
 jamie rubbed his chin . 
 time for some fast facts . 
 `` the human tasted like crap to you because you ca n't handle his blood - '' `` i 'm a vampire , '' said with a long sigh , as if speaking to a clueless child , `` i can handle anyone 's blood . '' 
 he risked a step toward her . 
 his boots crunched on the gravel beneath him . 
 `` not anymore you ca n't . '' 
 okay , she 'd flip over this , but he figured it was best to just get it out there . 
 `` you see , your body 's tuned now . 
 it 's only gon na want one thing . 
 can only accept one thing ... '' her head tilted as she studied him . 
 `` tuned ? '' 
 her lips tightened in distaste . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're rambling about . '' 
 `` to survive , you need blood . '' 
 it was a simple fact of the undead life for a vampire . 
 to keep existing , a vampire had to take in sustenance . 
 blood . 
 and , usually , any blood would work to sustain a vamp . 
 but not for her . 
 not anymore . 
 `` you were put under a spell , '' he said this part quietly , with a hint of sympathy , because the spell had been a real bitch for her . 
 her hands fisted . 
 `` i was there . 
 i remember . 
 you do n't have to tell me , wolf . '' 
 the woman had more than a touch of arrogance . 
 probably because , if the stories were true , she actually had once been a queen . 
 `` an alpha werewolf 's blood put you under the spell . '' 
 here was the dicey part . 
 but , really , what could she do to him ? 
 without just hurting herself in return ? 
 `` that meant only the blood of another alpha wolf could wake you . '' 
 and break the spell . 
 `` so you 're an alpha . 
 i 'm so impressed , '' she murmured , sounding not even the tiniest bit like she cared . 
 a car horn honked in the distance . 
 the wind kept brushing over them . 
 near the back of the bar , a chime tossed music into the air . 
 iona shoved back her hair . 
 `` it 's not like i have n't met and killed a dozen of your kind before . '' 
 except for latham . 
 she had n't killed him . 
 if she had , then neither of them would be having these problems right then . 
 `` there was just one little rule about breaking your spell ... '' jamie kept his voice flat when his own anger wanted to stir . 
 he had helped the woman . 
 as far as she knew , he was just being a good samaritan . 
 had iona even offered a thank you to him ? 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` the wolf that woke you ... '' `` i was n't asleep ! '' 
 he ignored that , for now . 
 she 'd sure looked asleep-no , dead-to him . 
 `` you 'd only crave the blood of the wolf that freed you from the spell . '' 
 he studied her , then said , '' ` it will taste like wine to you ... ' '' now he was doing a direct quote from what a witch-in-the-know had told him during his search for the blood queen . 
 before iona speak , he finished the last of that witch 's quote , '' ` while the blood of others will never satisfy your hunger . ' '' 
 she grabbed him . 
 in all of his years , he 'd never seen a vampire move as quickly as she did in that one instant . 
 `` you 'd better by lying . '' 
 her fists had clenched around his shirt . 
 the material was in danger of ripping at any moment . 
 he gave her a big smile , knowing that his dimple would flash . 
 `` baby , would i lie to you ? 
 i 'm the wolf who saved you . '' 
 her fists clenched even harder as she dug her nails into his shirt . 
 he kept his eyes on hers . 
 jamie said , `` i 'm also the man who 'll keep you alive . 
 my blood . 
 it 's what you need . 
 what you 'll always crave . '' 
 he felt like he was driving nails into the vamp 's coffin . 
 in a way , he was . 
 he was also enjoying himself . 
 iona was about to realize just how much she needed him . 
 `` so it 's in your best interest to make sure that i live a very , very long life . '' 
 the shirt began to tear . 
 `` you 'll never live as long as me . '' 
 normally , no . 
 but their situation was n't exactly normal . 
 `` i will live as long as you give me your own sweet blood . '' 
 the beast inside had always enjoyed a taste for blood . 
 and hers blood was the most powerful that he 'd ever had . 
 her gaze held his . 
 `` you want my blood ? '' 
 `` i kinda have to get it , in order for us both to keep living . '' 
 he kept his face blank . 
 she could n't know the real reason why he wanted her blood . 
 that wonderful power boost that he 'd get from it . 
 the boost that would make him strong enough to take out latham . 
 because latham had also been feeding on vamps . 
 the secret was out in the paranormal world . 
 thanks to the mating of a few werewolves and vampires , folks had realized that if you wanted a power surge , you had to get very , very intimate with those who 'd once been your sworn enemies . 
 since iona had been sleeping during that time of revelation , she did n't realize just how hot of a commodity her blood had become to the werewolves of the world . 
 blood as old as hers , as powerful ... and it 's all mine . 
 jamie knew his smile had widened . 
 he could n't help it . 
 everything was falling into perfect place for him . 
 `` liar . '' 
 barely a breath from her . 
 a breath that was full of burning fury . 
 `` one bad human does n't mean i 'm stuck with you . 
 he was probably on drugs . 
 i always hated the taste of drugs in a human 's blood . '' 
 but she was n't letting him go , and jamie wondered if , deep down , she already knew the truth . 
 then he caught the scent of blood . 
 heard the softest tread of footsteps . 
 his head jerked up . 
 his nostrils flared . 
 five men . 
 though not actually men . 
 not human . 
 coming their way . 
 the same knowledge was in her eyes . 
 `` company , '' he told her as he drew in the scents of the night . 
 her head turned to the left , away from the faint lights from the parking lot and toward the darkness of the woods that waited . 
 her body seemed to tense against his . 
 `` yours ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 but it was company he 'd expected . 
 just not quite so soon . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he told her , as he pushed her behind his body . 
 she went easily enough , probably more from surprise than anything else . 
 `` i wo n't let them hurt you . '' 
 five against one . 
 he could handle these odds in his sleep . 
 especially since he 'd taken some of her blood . 
 hmmm ... maybe he could even consider this as a test run . 
 to see just how much strength her blood would truly give him . 
 the others were coming in fast now . 
 time to change . 
 time to show iona just who-what-she was dealing with in this battle . 
 the fire of the change swept through his body . 
 it was n't some light , easy shift . 
 it was brutal . 
 as savage as the beast he carried . 
 his bones snapped . 
 his muscles tore and reshaped . 
 fur seemed to explode along his flesh . 
 he hit the ground , but when his palms slapped against the cement , they were already transforming into the powerful paws of a wolf . 
 iona stood behind him , and the fast pants of her breath echoed in his ears . 
 the werewolves were coming for her . 
 he knew it . 
 once the spell holding iona had broken , latham 's witch would have told him the news . 
 and latham would have sent out his attack dogs . 
 too bad . 
 you ca n't have her back . 
 their `` company '' broke from the trees . 
 two black wolves . 
 two gray . 
 one white . 
 latham 's foot soldiers-wolf soldiers . 
 jamie barred his teeth and did n't wait for them to come lunging at him in an attack . 
 he sprang toward them , more than ready to draw first blood . 
 *** the sounds of the vicious snarls and howls filled her ears . 
 the waves were crashing close by , and the music still blared from the bar , so the humans probably were n't even aware of the bloody battle going on so close to their safe little world . 
 iona was too aware . 
 jamie was n't a man any longer . 
 but she knew that , in truth , he 'd never been a man . 
 that had just been a surface lie . 
 werewolves were always more beasts than men . 
 he was in the form of a big , fierce , black wolf now . 
 a wolf that was easily twice the size of the others he attacked . 
 a wolf that drew blood with his claws and his razor-sharp teeth and seemed to love the savagery of the fight . 
 no hesitation . 
 no fear . 
 two of his enemies were already on the ground . 
 a third would be out of the battle soon . 
 it appeared that jamie was a true werewolf alpha . 
 iona turned away from the battle . 
 alphas had always annoyed her . 
 maybe because she liked to be the alpha , too . 
 whatever . 
 she would leave jamie 's lying beast to his own ends . 
 he could handle the others-and she could find a human to eat . 
 i 'll prove him wrong . 
 she just needed more blood . 
 there was still a weakness in her limbs that she could n't allow . 
 when she faced latham-oh , i 'll see you dead soon-she had to be at full strength . 
 a wolf 's sharp cry pierced the air behind her . 
 for just an instant , she hesitated and looked back . 
 jamie had taken out the white wolf . 
 the beast was on his side , and she knew the dark shadow spreading on his coat was blood . 
 jamie stood over his fallen prey , with his big body heaving . 
 the wolf 's eyes-that same , piercing green-were on her . 
 i wo n't let them hurt you . 
 his words whispered through her mind . 
 as if she needed his protection . 
 her chin lifted . 
 she 'd walk back into the bar . 
 find another , non-drugged man to sample , and jamie could fight his little blood battles . 
 a familiar scent teased her nose . 
 iona 's body stiffened . 
 then a rumble of thunder broke the air . 
 jamie-his wolf-staggered back . 
 more thunder rumbled . 
 no , not thunder , a gunshot . 
 jamie hit the ground . 
 she was running toward him before she 'd even realized what was happening . 
 the other wolves had scattered back , but when they saw her rushing forward , the grey beast tossed his head and howled . 
 blood . 
 and ... iona inhaled deeply , wondering about that other heavy , too thick scent in the air . 
 a scent that was metallic , like ... jamie was shifting before her . 
 she 'd never seen a wolf shift so quickly . 
 except for one time when her vamp coven had attacked invading wolves with silver . 
 silver could always force a fast change for a werewolf . 
 the beast was gone . 
 on the ground , jamie sprawled as a man . 
 bullet holes were in his chest . 
 her eyesight was perfect in the dark , probably even better than his , and iona saw that he appeared to be bleeding in rivulets of silver . 
 liquid silver ? 
 was that the weapon of choice against werewolves these days ? 
 jamie 's claws drove into his own chest , and he yanked out a handful of silver . 
 a brutal move that had the breath freezing in her lungs . 
 then he did it again , to the other bullet hole . 
 `` ca n't ... get it all ... '' his voice was barely human . 
 `` liquid ... in my blood ... '' yes , it would be . 
 unlike a solid silver bullet , the liquid silver would pour through him . 
 `` i 'll ... die ... '' she realized that his head was in her lap . 
 iona did n't remember sliding her knees under him . 
 why had she even come to check on him ? 
 the shooter could still be out there . 
 the shooter could come for her . 
 she should run . 
 leave . 
 hunt . 
 not lean over him and brush the hair from his forehead , but , sure enough , she saw her own trembling fingers sliding thought that thick , dark hair . 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 `` if i die ... '' it certainly looked like the wolf was close to death . 
 jamie growled , then managed , `` so ... do you ... '' she gazed down at him . 
 she knew what others said about her . 
 she was evil . 
 wicked . 
 without a soul . 
 and maybe some of those stories were true . 
 but in this one instance ... iona brushed her lips over his . 
 a soft kiss . 
 gentle . 
 their first kiss . 
 it seemed strange to have it here , with blood around them . 
 it seemed strange to have the kiss after she 'd already taken his blood . 
 but maybe it was fitting . 
 the kiss was light , but she enjoyed the taste of his lips almost as much as she 'd enjoyed his blood . 
 perhaps the werewolf could prove to be addictive to her . 
 and , maybe , she 'd show him just how addictive she could be . 
 her mouth lifted from his , a few inches . 
 `` what makes you think ... '' iona asked him quietly , `` that i would let you die by any hand other than my own ? '' 
 then she lifted her hand . 
 brought it to her mouth . 
 sliced the flesh with her teeth , then offered her wrist to him . 
 when he drank , she understood that jamie was n't like the others . 
 for some reason , he 'd touched a part of her that she 'd buried deep inside . 
 the human part . 
 the part that would n't let a man die before her eyes . 
 not a man who 'd saved her . 
 who 'd tried to protect her . 
 i wo n't let them hurt you . 
 funny . 
 no one had ever tried to protect her . 
 not even her father . 
 no , he 'd been the one to tie her to the stake on her twenty-fifth birthday . 
 the day he 'd realized she was n't aging as she should . 
 he 'd tied her to the stake and carried the torch that had started the blaze around her . 
 she 'd screamed and begged him to stop . 
 he had n't . 
 too bad for him , she 'd been strong enough to break free of the bonds that held her . 
 burned , savaged , she 'd escaped . 
 later , she 'd gone back for him . 
 jamie 's hand lifted and locked around her wrist as he took her blood . 
 as far as she knew , only one other werewolf had ever tasted her blood . 
 that was the werewolf who 'd locked her in that horrible house . 
 made her a prisoner in her own body . 
 the same werewolf that had been there tonight because , right before the first bullet had slammed into jamie , she 'd caught latham 's scent . 
 her gaze lifted to the woods once more . 
 the scent was gone now , but it did n't matter . 
 latham knew she was free-and she , well , she knew that he 'd soon be one very dead wolf . 
 *** the fool had freed her . 
 latham raced through the woods , his packmates close to his sides . 
 they were bleeding , and he knew that jamie would track the scent of the blood . 
 jamie thought he was such a fine tracker . 
 they burst from the woods . 
 two black suvs were waiting for him . 
 latham rushed into the first suv , the gun a heavy weight in his gloved hand . 
 the silver bullets should have taken out his rival , but latham had missed jamie 's heart because he 'd been distracted . 
 by her . 
 the witch was waiting for him in the suv . 
 unlike the other werewolves , latham had n't transformed into his wolf form . 
 `` is he dead ? '' 
 the witch asked . 
 brian hennessey did n't look much like a witch . 
 tall , thin , with small , black glasses perched on his nose , the guy appeared to be a harmless human . 
 brian was far from harmless . 
 the other werewolves were shifting . 
 the others who 'd survived anyway-two packmates would n't be escaping with him . 
 should have gone in stronger . 
 `` no , jamie is still alive , '' latham bit out . 
 `` because he was n't alone . '' 
 latham knew that once jamie was out of the picture , the remains of his pack would be easy pickings . 
 jamie was the strength of that pack . 
 without him , they 'd crumble to nothing . 
 he wanted them to crumble . 
 those fools deserved to crumble . 
 `` more wolves ? '' 
 brian shook his head and waved for the driver to get them out of there . 
 `` i would have thought you 'd be able to take them - '' latham grabbed his arm and let his claws rip into brian 's flesh . 
 `` most witches can see into the future . '' 
 no fear flickered in brian 's gaze . 
 `` most witches did n't nearly burn out their power by locking up a born vampire queen for you . '' 
 his claws dug deeper . 
 `` she 's not locked up . '' 
 `` yeah , she is . 
 i put that bitch in her cell , i - '' `` not anymore , '' latham snarled at him as the rage flared hotter within him . 
 `` he got her out . '' 
 in-fucking-possible . 
 or it should have been . 
 brian paled . 
 `` iona ... is free ? '' 
 ah , now the fear was there . 
 the witch was right to be afraid . 
 iona knew brian had been the one to cast the spell that bound her . 
 she 'd be gunning for him , too . 
 but iona would have to get in line . 
 latham was ready to rip the witch 's head right off . 
 `` you said i was the only one who 'd be able to get her out . '' 
 only he had n't wanted her out . 
 she just would have fought him then . 
 tried to take his head . 
 so he 'd kept her locked up , and every few months , he 'd gone in and drained blood from her . 
 iona 's blood was pure power . 
 it gave him the strength of a werewolf-of five werewolves in fully shifted form-but let him keep the body of a man at all times . 
 why shift ? 
 thanks to her blood , he always had more than enough strength to break his enemies . 
 `` i-i told you ... as a werewolf alpha , you 'd be able to bind her body . '' 
 the scent of brian 's sweat and fear filled the interior of the vehicle . 
 `` and if a werewolf alpha locked her body , then only a werewolf alpha could-could free her . '' 
 snarling , latham put his claws at brian 's throat . 
 `` you did n't tell me that any werewolf alpha would do the trick ! 
 i thought i was the only one ! 
 just me ! '' 
 more sweat . 
 more fear . 
 but brian shook his head . 
 `` i never said you were the only one who could free her . '' 
 that information would have been important before then . 
 yet even as the rage pulsed in his blood , latham smiled at the witch . 
 brian 's fear deepened . 
 ah , the witch knew him well . 
 `` your power 's nearly out , '' latham said , repeating what brian had told him . 
 the witch would be regretting those words . 
 `` you ca n't see the future , and that 's a pity . 
 if you 'd seen it , maybe you could have avoided - '' latham sliced his claws right across brian 's throat . 
 `` this . '' 
 then he shoved open the door and tossed the witch 's body into the road . 
 chapter three the cars had changed . 
 some were smaller . 
 some were far bigger . 
 they had computers inside of them . 
 small screens with maps that showed any area with a touch of a button . 
 iona touched lots of buttons . 
 the radio had what seemed like a thousand channels . 
 the music was crazy . 
 wonderful . 
 faster , harder than she remembered . 
 and the seat beneath her ass ? 
 it ... warmed . 
 she liked that . 
 `` yeah , yeah , they attacked outside of the shore tavern , '' jamie said , speaking into his little phone . 
 iona frowned at the phone . 
 the last time she 'd seen a phone in a car , the thing had been huge-and in some black bag that plugged into the cigarette lighter . 
 the phone in jamie 's hand was just a few inches long and so incredibly thin . 
 there were n't any buttons on it . 
 jamie just touched its screen and things happened . 
 she liked that , too . 
 she 'd have to get one of those phones , soon . 
 gadgets had always intrigued her . 
 `` we 're on the way . 
 stay on guard , sean , '' jamie ordered and ended the call . 
 ah ... yes . 
 her turn . 
 iona snatched the phone from him . 
 she swiped her fingers over the screen . 
 music blared . 
 the phone ... flashed , as if she 'd taken a picture , and then some kind of game with little birds popped up and - jamie pulled the phone away from her . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she wanted that phone back . 
 but her fingers clenched in her lap . 
 she 'd always been taught ... do n't let others know what you need . 
 `` i 'm playing catch-up . 
 a lot can happen in fifteen years , you know . '' 
 and it had been fifteen years . 
 before she 'd headed to the bar for a bite , she 'd broken into a store and found herself new clothes . 
 after picking up the clothing , it had been time to grab a newspaper in town . 
 as soon as she 'd held the paper in her hand , she 'd realized all that she 'd lost . 
 the date had been big and bold and painful to see . 
 she 'd clutched that paper and wanted to rip and tear into latham . 
 he 'd taken fifteen years of her life away . 
 fifteen years . 
 in return , she 'd take forever from him . 
 jamie was quiet for a moment , as if processing her words , then he said , `` so you just ... slept , that whole - '' iona turned away from him and gazed out at the blur of darkness beyond her window . 
 `` i told you already , i was n't asleep . '' 
 if only . 
 `` baby , i was there . 
 your body was n't moving . 
 hell , when i first saw you , i thought you were dead . '' 
 she 'd wanted to die . 
 for so long . 
 iona pulled in a steadying breath and said , `` my body was paralyzed . '' 
 that was how it had felt . 
 she had n't been able to move a muscle . 
 not one single muscle . 
 her hands shook at the memory . 
 kill him . 
 a whisper that came from inside of her . . 
 during that long , long time ... iona had begun to hear voices . 
 she 'd lost her sanity , she knew it . 
 after so many years of being frozen , hell , just talking with jamie still felt strange to her . 
 `` your body ... '' he repeated in that faint brogue that iona would n't admit she rather enjoyed hearing . 
 `` but ... your mind ? '' 
 smart wolf . 
 maybe he was picking up on the things that she said and the things that she did n't say . 
 `` i could hear everything for years . 
 could smell . 
 could feel the bed beneath me . '' 
 for at least the first five years . 
 was it stupid that she 'd been counting the days then ? 
 `` i heard the bugs and the rats . 
 i heard the crash of the waves and the whisper of footsteps . '' 
 latham had kept a guard on her . 
 always . 
 a guard that ... iona 's head whipped toward him . 
 `` did you kill the guard ? 
 the one who smelled of whiskey and cigars ? '' 
 the odor of his cheap cigars had burned into her over the years . 
 a grim nod . 
 she could n't control her smile . 
 `` good . '' 
 one less person to hunt and torture . 
 and she was going to kill . 
 the thought of killing had sustained her until her mind had finally broken . 
 broken ... and slid into the dark . 
 `` did he hurt you ? '' 
 the guard ? 
 he 'd liked to touch her . 
 touching a corpse . 
 what a sick freak . 
 he 'd also liked to burn her with his cigars . 
 good thing her kind did n't scar . 
 `` did he suffer before he died ? '' 
 iona asked instead of answering him . 
 `` no . 
 the death was fast . '' 
 `` pity . '' 
 her little claws drummed on the leather inside the vehicle . 
 `` i would 've liked taking my time with him . '' 
 `` he did hurt you . '' 
 anger roughened his voice . 
 and caused her to glance at him with surprise . 
 `` wolf , you sound as if you actually care . '' 
 a lie , of course , but iona could admit-to herself-that it would be nice , to have one person who cared . 
 the vampire coven she 'd so carefully created over the years had n't cared . 
 the ones she 'd fought desperately to protect . 
 they . 
 had n't . 
 cared . 
 they 'd left her to wither away . 
 she 'd been so hungry at first . 
 starving for just a few drops of blood . 
 she wanted to gorge herself on blood now because that hunger was still eating away at her . 
 but ... but the only blood she seemed to want was jamie 's . 
 ca n't eat him . 
 not until i find out what he 's done to me . 
 she would find out , soon enough . 
 `` if it makes you feel better , '' he told her , the words halting , `` i killed the five other guards who tried to keep me from you . 
 no one who left you in that house is alive . '' 
 but there were others still alive . 
 her coven . 
 they might not have been at that house , but they 'd left her there just the same . 
 before she could speak , the vehicle screeched to a sudden stop . 
 iona jerked forward even as the seatbelt tightened around her and cut into her shoulder . 
 `` what the hell - '' `` blood , '' jamie snapped out as he jumped from the car . 
 she caught the scent , too . 
 heavy . 
 fresh . 
 iona hurried out after him . 
 they were on an old , twisting highway . 
 jamie had kept the driver 's side window down as he drove , the better to follow the `` scent '' of their attackers , and it sure looked like his nose had led him to their prey . 
 he stood over a broken body , and the scent of blood called to her . 
 then she saw the prey on the ground-saw exactly who he was-and fury rolled within her . 
 brian . 
 the witch who had imprisoned her . 
 his throat had been slit , from ear to ear , and blood pooled beneath him . 
 `` it should n't have been so easy for you , '' she snapped , the rage clawing inside of her , raking and ripping open her guts . 
 he 'd been on her list . 
 hunting him , killing him-that promise had gotten her through so many days and nights . 
 to see him like this ... `` those are the claw marks left from a werewolf attack , '' jamie said as he bent to better study the body . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` guess latham got pissed at his witch . '' 
 surprise froze her breath . 
 `` you knew brian ? '' 
 after the briefest of hesitations , jamie gave a slow nod , but then said , `` never met him personally , but most paranormals out west , yeah , we knew of him . '' 
 he glanced up at her . 
 `` he 's the one who imprisoned the blood queen . 
 he kinda got infamous for that bit . '' 
 blood queen . 
 the name still hurt , not that she 'd let him see her pain . 
 her father 's men had given her that name . 
 when she 'd escaped the fire , her father had sent mercenaries-the most vicious he could find-to kill her . 
 she 'd been covered in their blood when she went to destroy dear old dad . 
 `` guess latham turned on the witch . '' 
 jamie closed the man 's eyes . 
 brian 's blue eyes had been wide open . 
 hope you are seeing hell . 
 jamie stared down at the witch . 
 `` after the guy lost his powers , i 'm surprised latham kept him around for this long . '' 
 now that was news . 
 brian had lost his powers ? 
 good . 
 jamie rose to his feet . 
 his nostrils flared as he sniffed , probably trying to catch latham 's scent . 
 iona grabbed his arm before he could head back to the car . 
 `` how did brian lose his powers ? '' 
 `` by caging you . '' 
 his hand lifted . 
 stroked lightly down her cheek . 
 heat bloomed within her belly , but iona refused to let her reaction show . 
 fifteen years . 
 `` it 's not easy to cage a queen . '' 
 his hand curled under her chin . 
 `` want to tell me how he did it ? '' 
 she remembered screams . 
 pain . 
 an agony that she 'd thought would never end then-can ' t move . 
 help ! 
 `` no . '' 
 she did n't trust him . 
 there was no point in telling jamie her dark secrets . 
 not then . 
 i must get more blood . 
 iona knew she had to get her strength back to her maximum level . 
 so she straightened her shoulders , took a long look at the wolf and said , `` this is where we part ways . '' 
 jamie stared at her like she was crazy . 
 i so am . 
 she knew her own weakness . 
 fury was boiling inside of her right then , and she was going to let that fury out . 
 jamie needed to be away from her when the rage broke free . 
 i should have been the one to kill brian . 
 `` get back into the car , and just drive away , '' she told jamie , fighting to keep her voice steady . 
 iona figured he deserved the warning to get the hell away from her . 
 jamie 's jaw clenched even as his hand dropped . 
 `` we 've been over this . 
 you need - '' `` i do n't need anyone or anything . '' 
 she stepped back . 
 glanced down at brian 's body . 
 he certainly looked dead . 
 but then , according to jamie , she 'd appeared dead , too . 
 let 's make sure . 
 `` do n't worry about latham , '' iona told him as she tossed a quick glance back at jamie 's tense face . 
 `` he 's next on my list . '' 
 latham would n't escape their battle alive . 
 `` so consider whatever little war that you had with him , well , consider it over . '' 
 jamie shook his head . 
 `` this is n't ... '' she lifted her hands . 
 `` there 's something you should know . 
 i 'm not just a vampire . '' 
 if she had been , then brian would have never been able to bind her . 
 kill her , yes , but a binding was n't the type of magic that would normally work on vampires . 
 binding . 
 that was what he 'd done . 
 not just a curse or a spell . 
 he 'd performed a ritual binding on her . 
 one witch ... to another . 
 flames began to flicker above her palms . 
 not touching her skin , never that , but spinning , burning , right above her flesh . 
 `` you need to leave now , '' she told jamie . 
 this time , he backed the hell up . 
 smart man . 
 she stood near brian 's body . 
 her father had known what she was so long ago . 
 that was why he had tried to burn her . 
 if you wanted to destroy a witch , truly destroy her , then you had to use fire . 
 iona drew back her hand and sent flames rushing right at brian 's body . 
 `` burn , '' she whispered as the fire greedily leapt onto his flesh . 
 `` burn . '' 
 one down . 
 one to go . 
 *** she was everything he 'd hoped that she would be ... and so much f ** king more . 
 jamie stalked behind iona , being careful to keep a safe distance between them . 
 he was downwind of her , but with her enhanced vampire senses , he was still worried she 'd catch his scent . 
 he did n't want her aware of him , not yet . 
 she 'd stirred fire . 
 vampires did n't control fire . 
 as a rule , they were just bloodsuckers . 
 sure , they could be super strong , they could live for freaking ever-provided they did n't get staked or lose their heads to a werewolf 's claws-but they did n't stir fire from nothing . 
 only witches could do that . 
 the stories had been right about that point , too . 
 iona was n't just a born vampire . 
 she was a very , very powerful witch . 
 no wonder she 'd been locked up . 
 caged near the water so the energy from the ocean would work to reinforce the spell . 
 she might just be the most dangerous woman he 'd ever met . 
 that fact only made him want her more . 
 perfect . 
 in so many ways . 
 and jamie was n't about to let her go . 
 not when he 'd risked so much to find her . 
 not when he 'd had to make his own deal with the devil to claim her . 
 so now ... yeah , okay , probably not his finest moment , but he was following her through the dark . 
 keeping his gaze on her as she slipped through the shadows . 
 of course , jamie knew what she was doing . 
 hunting . 
 going for another taste of blood . 
 not gon na work , baby . 
 you 're stuck with me . 
 did he feel guilty about that ? 
 no . 
 these days , he could n't afford to feel guilty about anything and - and she was gone . 
 jamie hurried forward as his heart raced in his chest . 
 it had only been a moment and - he was tossed against the side of a dumpster . 
 `` following me ? 
 really ? 
 what must i do ? '' 
 iona demanded as she put her hands on her hips . 
 `` rip off your head in order to make you stop ? '' 
 taking his time , he stood back up . 
 she 'd tossed him about ten feet . 
 jamie made a show of brushing dirt off his jeans and shirt . 
 mostly to give himself time to think , then he replied , `` you 're afraid to rip off my head . 
 part of you already knows that i 've told you the truth . '' 
 he headed toward her , not trying to keep his footsteps quiet any longer as his feet crunched over the gravel . 
 `` and if you kill me , you know that you 'll be killing yourself . '' 
 it sounded like she hissed at him . 
 he almost smiled but then-then he blinked and iona was in front of him . 
 she 'd closed the distance herself , effortlessly . 
 a distance of ten feet , in less than a second 's time . 
 `` let 's get one thing straight . '' 
 she pushed up on her toes . 
 stabbed a finger into his chest . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of anything . 
 or anyone . '' 
 right . 
 she probably was n't . 
 and , damn , she was sexy . 
 his gaze dropped to her mouth . 
 her lips had been the softest that he 'd ever felt . 
 he could still taste her on his tongue . 
 the sweetness had been a surprise . 
 from her , he 'd expected spice . 
 `` why ... why are you looking at me like that ? '' 
 iona asked as her gaze searched his . 
 he could tell her the truth . 
 `` because i want to kiss you . '' 
 her poking finger jerked back as if she 'd been burned . 
 `` you mean that you want to take more of my blood . 
 so you can get stronger and so you can - '' he caught her shoulders and pulled her close . 
 her body brushed against his . 
 soft . 
 he loved the way she felt . 
 `` i mean i want your lips beneath mine . 
 i want to taste you . 
 i want to savor you . '' 
 she swallowed . 
 `` your brogue is ... thicker . '' 
 `` yeah , it gets that way when i 'm turned on . '' 
 her lips parted . 
 `` i want your mouth , '' he said again , no longer willing to fight the desire he felt for her . 
 why bother ? 
 they were locked together , even if she did n't realize it . 
 he was more than ready to start enjoying the perks of the deal . 
 for an instant , jamie was sure he saw the flicker of an answering desire in her golden gaze . 
 but then her chin rose as she said , `` and i want blood . '' 
 the implied not yours was clear as she pulled away from him . 
 as he watched her , iona turned on her heel and headed toward the faint sound of music that drifted in the air . 
 yes , she was heading toward big , bad bar number two in the town of shade . 
 so predictable . 
 in fact , her move was so incredibly predictable that he 'd already told sean they 'd be coming that way . 
 when jamie had gone hunting for iona earlier that night , he and sean had separated . 
 one bar for each man . 
 jamie had gotten lucky . 
 he 'd found iona at the shore tavern . 
 but when he 'd talked to sean on the phone , he 'd told the other wolf that he 'd be coming to meet him . 
 i knew she 'd want to try tasting someone else . 
 he knew , but he did n't like it . 
 in fact , it made him feel ... jealous ? 
 impossible . 
 it should have been impossible . 
 yet jamie found himself hurrying to keep pace with her . 
 and , moments later , when iona pushed open the door to the bar , when the bouncer gave her a welcoming smile , and all eyes seemed to greedily stroke her body , jamie 's beast gave a growl . 
 back the hell off . 
 the music was pumping . 
 loud and - `` the music has changed . '' 
 iona tilted her head as she listened to the pounding beat . 
 `` i think ... i like it better now . '' 
 he kept forgetting she 'd missed so much in the last fifteen years . 
 her hips began to sway . 
 the men began to close in . 
 hell . 
 he put his arm around her shoulders . 
 those men backed up . 
 damn straight . 
 if they 'd come closer , he might have even flashed fang . 
 `` it will be harder to find good prey with you at my side . '' 
 her voice was low and husky and her hips were still rocking . 
 `` too bad . 
 i do n't plan on backing off . '' 
 she did n't seem to realize the gigantic threat that hung over her . 
 latham could attack , at any time . 
 yes , she was strong . 
 but so was latham . 
 and if he caught her off-guard ... `` i do n't want latham putting you under again . '' 
 her hips stopped rocking . 
 she glanced at him . 
 anger had melted the gold in her eyes so that her gaze just burned . 
 `` he wo n't . '' 
 then , with a toss of her head , so queen-like that jamie had to smile-he 'd started to rather like that touch of haughtiness-she sauntered across the bar . 
 it took him about ten seconds too long to realize that she 'd already picked her out prey . 
 by then , iona had her hand on the chest of her would-be victim . 
 a familiar victim . 
 the bar was behind sean , trapping the guy as he stood right in front of iona . 
 she chose my first-in-command ? 
 fuck . 
 jamie stalked toward them . 
 he 'd just closed in when he heard - `` i think this could be fun , '' iona murmured as she leaned toward sean . 
 sean 's shocked gaze darted to jamie . 
 `` you are n't doing this , '' jamie snapped . 
 he grabbed her arm . 
 for some reason , he did n't want her touching the other werewolf . 
 he glared down at iona . 
 `` i already told you , it is n't going to work . 
 you ca n't take anyone else 's blood . '' 
 `` and i told you ... i do n't believe you . '' 
 she was making him want to howl . 
 and making him want to toss her over his shoulder and carry her away from sean . 
 away from all the other men there . 
 her head turned as she studied sean . 
 `` maybe one werewolf will be as good as another , and at least with him , i 'll be sure he is n't on drugs . '' 
 her gaze slid back to jamie . 
 `` i 'm betting you run a tight ship when it comes to that . '' 
 he did . 
 drugs would make his wolves weak . 
 he did n't allow for weakness . 
 weakness would just get them killed . 
 `` this way , i do n't have to kill any humans ... yet . '' 
 she offered first jamie , then sean a smile that flashed her sharp little teeth . 
 then her focus centered on sean as she said , `` so point me toward a private room , and let 's just see how you taste , wolf . '' 
 women liked sean , they sure fell into his bed easily enough . 
 maybe it was because sean appeared easy-going , and often ... normal . 
 a big bonus for a guy who was actually paranormal . 
 sean was a perfect chameleon . 
 he could fit in with just about anyone , anywhere . 
 unlike jamie , he 'd dropped his irish years ago , and , in fact , he could fake other accents-depending on where he was and who he wanted to fool-almost instantly . 
 jamie fisted his hands and fought to hold on to his control . 
 iona appeared determined . 
 and a little too satisfied with her drinking scheme . 
 the woman was n't stopping . 
 not until she 'd tried to drink from someone else . 
 he could fight her , but he knew iona would n't give up . 
 `` one sip , '' jamie said , his voice clipped . 
 just one . 
 that would be all she 'd need to find out if the blood worked for her . 
 and if it does work ? 
 he could n't think about that possibility right then . 
 the witch had been adamant . 
 the wolf that woke her would be the wolf that controlled her . 
 he did n't think brian had been lying , but since the witch was dead , it was n't like he could find out for certain . 
 and i have to make sure she does n't find out about my deal with brian . 
 because if she did ... `` there 's a room in the back . '' 
 sean inclined his head toward a dark , narrow hallway . 
 `` right through there . '' 
 was n't that just fantastic . 
 `` lead the way , '' iona invited him with a wave of her hand . 
 but sean was n't an idiot . 
 he glanced at jamie , waiting to see what his alpha wanted . 
 `` keep your hands off her , '' jamie ordered him , voice lethal . 
 `` she gets one taste-one . '' 
 sean gave a nod . 
 as a rule , werewolves were n't up for being vamp prey . 
 only this was n't a typical situation . 
 iona was n't your average vamp . 
 sean headed down the hallway . 
 iona did n't move , and jamie was far too conscious of her body near his . 
 her eyes narrowed as she studied him , then iona crooked her finger , inviting him closer . 
 his head bent toward her , the move automatic . 
 she rose onto her toes . 
 her lips brushed against his ear as she said , `` i do n't need your permission to feed from prey . '' 
 he turned his head . 
 made sure their eyes met . 
 `` in order to touch you , he needs my permission . '' 
 because , dammit , jamie had already started to think of her as - mine . 
 `` werewolves ... always the same . '' 
 iona sighed as she eased away from him . 
 `` you think that you can control everyone and everything around you . '' 
 she sauntered toward that dark hallway . 
 `` no . '' 
 the growl slipped from him . 
 iona looked back at jamie . 
 `` i ca n't control everything . 
 if i could , there 'd be more than six members of my pack still alive . '' 
 he stalked to her , aggressive , deliberately so . 
 `` if i could control everything , my family would be alive . 
 i would n't have come home to find my mother and father dead , their bodies savaged . 
 latham would n't have killed them . '' 
 his parents had come to this country because they 'd wanted a fresh start . 
 they 'd brought their pack over with them . 
 everyone had been so hopeful , at first . 
 what could have been sympathy or maybe even pity flashed in her stare . 
 that faint emotion just stirred up his anger even more . 
 pity was the last thing he wanted from her . 
 his body brushed against hers . 
 `` and if i could control everything , '' his voice was for her alone , `` then i 'd already have gotten you , naked , under me , and i would n't be so wild with lust that i want to rip apart my own best friend ... because you 're about to put your mouth on him . '' 
 the words surprised him with their brutal truth . 
 the lust he felt for her ... it was just growing . 
 stronger and stronger . 
 almost like he was under some kind of spell . 
 she 's part witch . 
 maybe i am under her spell . 
 under , and falling fast . 
 `` one taste , '' he told her , `` but you 're going to regret it . '' 
 her gaze searched his . 
 `` there are few things i regret . '' 
 he could believe that . 
 `` this wo n't be one of them . '' 
 then she turned , head high , back straight , and marched to the door at the far end of the hall . 
 he did n't follow her . 
 he did n't want to see her with sean . 
 `` you 'll be coming back , '' jamie said , the words drifting after her . 
 and they were a promise . 
 iona was about to realize that no other man would ever do for her again . 
 only me , baby . 
 only me . 
 he 'd already realized that no other woman would satisfy him . 
 chapter four her fangs had stretched and sharpened as she prepared for the bite . 
 iona had locked the door behind her-locked jamie out-and now she and sean were alone together in the small storage room . 
 `` so ... how does this work ? '' 
 he asked her with a nervous glance at her fangs . 
 she almost rolled her eyes . 
 really ? 
 how did he think it was going to work ? 
 `` the usual way . 
 i bite you . 
 i drink . 
 that 's how it works . '' 
 sean was nearly as big as jamie . 
 his shoulders were n't quite as broad , his muscles not as big . 
 he was probably a few inches shorter than the alpha wolf , too . 
 but sean was ... handsome . 
 his features were even and smooth and had no doubt drawn plenty of female attention over the years . 
 iona realized that she preferred the rough danger of jamie 's hard face . 
 story of her very , very long life . 
 the bad boys often drew her in . 
 then , frequently , they 'd tried to kill her . 
 so she 'd had to kill them . 
 `` give me your hand , '' iona ordered . 
 but sean shook his head and shoved his hands behind his back . 
 `` no way . 
 i 'm not supposed to touch you ! '' 
 for the love of ... she grabbed his arm and jerked up his hand . 
 then she lifted his wrist to her mouth . 
 `` calm down . '' 
 she could probably try to soothe him . 
 she 'd always been good at lulling her prey , when she wanted . 
 seduce with a look . 
 kill with a bite . 
 been there , done that . 
 so many times that it rather bored her now . 
 but , yes , if she wanted , iona could seduce just about anyone . 
 only she did n't want to seduce sean . 
 she just wanted to find out what his blood would do to her . 
 do n't burn me , do n't . 
 because if she was stuck with only taking from jamie , then she 'd be tied to him . 
 forever . 
 iona parted her lips . 
 her fangs pressed into sean 's skin , and just like that , with one quick press of her teeth , his blood flowed onto her tongue . 
 sean gave a little moan . 
 `` oh , shit , no one said it would feel good . '' 
 for the first time , she heard the whisper of an irish accent in his words . 
 only ... his blood was n't `` feeling good '' to her . 
 it felt horrible . 
 his blood tasted rancid , and she was already yanking her mouth away from him and backing up even as her body started to shake and spasm . 
 `` iona ? '' 
 sean called her name as he came toward her . 
 `` iona ! '' 
 the door burst in , heaving right off its hinges . 
 jamie stood in the doorway . 
 his gaze swept around the room , from sean-and his outstretched hand-to iona . 
 when did i curl up on the floor ? 
 she did n't curl . 
 she did n't hide . 
 i do when i realize my choices are gone . 
 because sean 's blood tasted just like the human 's , and instead of strengthening her , it had made her feel even weaker . 
 now the hunger was ripping through her insides . 
 hollowing her out . 
 `` i told you not to touch her , '' jamie tossed sean back against the wall . 
 `` i told you . '' 
 it was n't the touching that mattered . 
 it was the blood . 
 blood she could n't drink . 
 `` iona ? '' 
 now jamie was the one calling her name . 
 she forced her head to lift . 
 made her body rise . 
 she was still shaking , but those trembles could n't be helped because they came from the hunger and the weakness that filled her veins . 
 oh , how the mighty have fallen . 
 so many would laugh to see her brought so low . 
 jamie was n't laughing . 
 he was staring at her with eyes that saw far too much . 
 `` get out of here , '' he said . 
 her lips parted . 
 `` yank the door back up after you , sean , and get the hell out , '' he said , never looking away from her . 
 sean hurried to comply . 
 jamie did n't touch her . 
 did n't move another inch . 
 not until the door was partially up , giving them a bit of privacy , and sean was gone . 
 `` it did n't work , '' he said flatly . 
 of course , he 'd known the truth . 
 maybe she had , too . 
 she 'd just been desperate . 
 `` it makes you sick , does n't it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` when you take blood from others . '' 
 yes . 
 a vampire who could only bite one man ? 
 talk about falling far from her perch of power . 
 she was n't exactly the big terror of the town any longer . 
 the faint lines deepened near jamie 's mouth . 
 `` i want you to bite me . 
 take my blood ... i do n't care . 
 i can give you what you want , always . '' 
 he did n't understand . 
 but right then , she just did n't have the energy or the control to make him understand . 
 fifteen years . 
 for all intents , she 'd been dead then . 
 even if her mind had been crying out in agony . 
 now that she was free , iona wanted to live . 
 she was about to break apart because she just wanted to let go-to lose her control and take the blood that he offered . 
 but with vampires , when control broke and blood was involved ... there was a reason she 'd been trying to push her vampire coven away from taking blood from live sources . 
 she 'd seen the carnage that came from centuries of bloodlust and violence . 
 when you took straight from a source , when your control shattered , the lust would n't just be for blood . 
 `` blood and sex , '' she whispered . 
 jamie 's gaze burned into hers . 
 there was no fear or revulsion or even a hint of hesitation in his eyes . 
 there were just answering hunger . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he knew what he was getting with her . 
 no secrets there . 
 and she needed to feel alive again . 
 she 'd gone too long in that cold darkness . 
 there would be no holding back for her . 
 more blood . 
 she reached for him . 
 sank her teeth into his throat . 
 his blood was perfect on her tongue . 
 delicious . 
 addictive . 
 like a mix of wine and chocolate . 
 his body brushed against hers . 
 pleasure . 
 close . 
 so very , very close . 
 her ni ** les were tight . 
 her sex already growing moist . 
 iona 's control was fracturing . 
 she could feel the ripples as they shook through her body . 
 his hands locked around her wrists . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he told her , the words rumbling against her as her tongue licked lightly at his throat . 
 `` i 've got you . '' 
 maybe he did . 
 they were about to find out . 
 in the next instant , he 'd lifted her up . 
 took two fast steps , and then her back shoved against the wall . 
 `` when you bite me , '' his words were a dark rumble that had her sex clenching , `` i want to f ** k. '' not an unusual reaction . 
 the bite did something to prey . 
 gave them a boost of pleasure . 
 made them want more . 
 the vampire could usually control the bite , especially a vampire as old as she was . 
 could give pleasure or pain . 
 her fangs scored lightly over his flesh . 
 he growled . 
 with this bite , she wanted to give pleasure . 
 his fingers were on her stomach now , under her shirt . 
 his hands were warm and strong and they were sliding up , up , and cupping her br ** sts . 
 her breath hissed out as her ni ** les pebbled beneath his touch . 
 she arched against him , wanting more . 
 his blood had already made her stronger . 
 so now she was n't just drinking from him . 
 she was kissing . 
 licking . 
 learning what the werewolf liked . 
 `` my turn , '' he muttered as he lifted her even higher . 
 strong wolf . 
 then he yanked away her top and put his mouth on her breast . 
 he used his teeth to lightly rasp over her sensitive flesh . 
 her sex ached . 
 so long ... iona wrapped her legs around him even as he kissed and sucked her breast . 
 she pushed her hips against him . 
 he was aroused . 
 no mistaking that hard bulge that shoved back against her . 
 pity his jeans were in the way . 
 not for long . 
 this time , she was the one to jerk open his jeans . 
 to pull the zipper down and slid her fingers past the denim . 
 she found him , long , thick , hot , pushing eagerly toward her . 
 her tongue slid over the edge of her left fang . 
 she 'd had his blood . 
 now she just wanted him . 
 his rough breaths filled her ears . 
 then she heard the sound of a frantic heartbeat . 
 his ? 
 hers ? 
 maybe both . 
 racing too fast . 
 `` jamie . '' 
 her demand . 
 `` now . '' 
 she did n't want foreplay that lasted for hours . 
 that could come another time . 
 right then , she was already clawing at his back . 
 pushing against him as her control shattered around her . 
 she wanted him inside of her . 
 wanted the pleasure to erupt and sweep everything else away . 
 then his hands were between their bodies . 
 he had her jeans open , and she had to lower her legs , just long enough to kick out of her heels and jeans . 
 she was n't wearing any underwear , so she did n't have to worry about - `` fuck . '' 
 his hand was between her legs . 
 pushing into her sex and her head tipped back because she liked the sensation of his fingers sliding in her . 
 her body was humming , so tuned up that she knew the first climax would hit her soon . 
 his thumb pushed over her clit . 
 the climax hit . 
 she grabbed for his broad shoulders as the release blasted through her . 
 even as her sex contracted , he was there . 
 not with those long , broad fingers anymore , but with the heavy length of his cock . 
 driving into her . 
 plunging deep . 
 his neck was inches from her mouth . 
 she had to taste him again . 
 bloodlust , physical lust , they blurred in her mind and her control fell to the ground . 
 there was no thought . 
 only need . 
 hunger that could n't be satisfied . 
 he pushed into her , not easy or gentle , and she wanted him that way . 
 his hands were around her hips , forcing her into the air so that he supported her body and he drove into her , again and again with thrusts that stole her breath and made her body shudder . 
 she clenched her sex around him , squeezing tight . 
 `` iona ... so good ... '' she 'd show him better than good . 
 she let the bite linger , knowing it would bring more pleasure . 
 pleasure . 
 it was what they both wanted . 
 craved . 
 he pulled her away from the wall . 
 wrapped his arms around her so that he held her fully . 
 and his hips still pumped into her . 
 wolves ... so powerful . 
 another climax hit her , and this one had her crying out as she lifted her mouth from his flesh . 
 her breath was choked and the pleasure ... it was so intense that it almost hurt . 
 her whole body was electrified with feeling . 
 so sensitive that every move of his flesh against hers had iona tensing . 
 then he shoved boxes off a table top . 
 put her down over it . 
 her legs dangled in the air . 
 `` we are n't done , '' jamie promised , his voice so dark and deep . 
 she wanted to smile . 
 could n't . 
 he 'd taken her legs . 
 hooked them over his shoulders so that she was wide open to him . 
 he took her now , hard and wild , and it was exactly what she wanted . 
 the rush of sensation just would n't stop . 
 iona did n't care that his claws were out . 
 that they 'd slashed across the top of the table . 
 she did n't care that his eyes glowed or that his cheeks had hollowed , signaling the presence of his beast . 
 she liked the wildness . 
 wanted it . 
 his head lifted . 
 she saw the flash of his fangs . 
 fangs that were even sharper than her own . 
 blood and sex-that was n't just a combination that worked for vampires . 
 she turned her head to the side , offering herself to him . 
 only fair ... she 'd had her turn . 
 he took the spot where her neck curved into her shoulder . 
 his lips closed over the flesh . 
 his teeth pressed lightly into her . 
 it did n't feel like he was drinking from her though . 
 it felt as if he were ... claiming her . 
 then he stiffened against her . 
 the hot splash of his release filled her and sent more waves of pleasure pulsing through iona 's body . 
 pleasure , life , lust ... she wanted it all . 
 this was n't sleep . 
 was n't death . 
 was n't whatever the hell had happened to her because of latham . 
 jamie 's body was pressed to hers . 
 flesh to flesh . 
 he was the man who 'd brought her from that nightmare . 
 who 'd freed her . 
 the man who 'd just given her the best orgasm-or three-that she could remember having in this century . 
 his scent was on her . 
 her scent was on him . 
 she 'd marked him . 
 he 'd marked her . 
 her lips began to curl . 
 how perfect . 
 werewolves were always so territorial . 
 so driven by emotions and needs . 
 by rage . 
 by possessiveness . 
 sometimes , their strengths could be weaknesses . 
 weaknesses that she could use in her battle . 
 her frantic heartbeat began to slow down . 
 she stared up at the cracked ceiling above her , and her hands were still locked around jamie . 
 when she went to latham , she 'd be carrying jamie 's scent on her . 
 revenge , step one . 
 not yours , latham . 
 never that . 
 despite what latham had done to her , she 'd escaped . 
 she was n't the prisoner in his little trap any longer . 
 not his plaything for eternity . 
 she was free . 
 and she 'd just f ** ked his enemy . 
 payback was coming for latham , and it had just started ... wait until i bring my nightmare to your door . 
 she 'd make latham scream , plead , then ... die . 
 *** `` are the stories true ? '' 
 iona did n't glance away from the night sky when jamie asked the question . 
 she had her back to him . 
 her legs were drawn up , her arms curled around her knees , and she gazed up at the stars lighting the sky . 
 when he 'd finally been able to speak-and move-again , he 'd gotten her out of that back room . 
 out of the bar and to a safe place . 
 a safe place that had a good bed and fresh clothing for them both . 
 and more comfortable shoes for her . 
 she 'd smiled when he 'd given her the shoes . 
 he liked her smile . 
 he liked having sex with her a hell of a lot more . 
 having sex with her ... mind-numbing . 
 the pleasure had been deeper than anything he 'd experienced before , and even now , he wanted her again . 
 if the stories were true , he was n't the first man to feel this way for her . 
 `` which stories do you mean ? '' 
 her head tilted back , in what looked like an effort to better see the stars . 
 he sighed and eased down beside her . 
 they were at a house sean had found for him , a little place in the woods , and though jamie had tried to get her inside the cabin , iona had insisted on sitting outside . 
 sitting outside and gazing up at the stars . 
 he followed her stare for a moment , then glanced back at her profile . 
 he much preferred that view . 
 `` are you truly the oldest pureblood ? '' 
 he asked after a moment of just watching her . 
 pureblood ... the term for vampires who were born , not made . 
 most of the vamps populating the world had been made or turned . 
 they were humans who 'd been bit , who 'd taken vampire blood when they were near death , and who 'd been reborn as something more . 
 but iona was n't like those other vampires . 
 he caught her left hand . 
 opened the palm . 
 his enhanced vision easily let him see the small mark in the middle of her palm . 
 those who were born to the blood often had that mark . 
 that mark ... and a circle of gold in their eyes . 
 since her eyes were pure gold , the lady more than met that part of the pureblood requirement . 
 her slender shoulders rolled in a little circle . 
 `` there could be others out there , probably are . 
 i just have n't met them . '' 
 `` when were you born ? '' 
 jamie pressed . 
 her gaze was still on the stars . 
 `` long before men ever thought they 'd travel up there . '' 
 `` iona ... '' another little shrug . 
 `` around 600 a.d. , give or take a few years . '' 
 he tried not to let his surprise show . 
 `` i know , i look good for my age , right ? '' 
 her lips had curled into a faint smile . 
 very good . 
 he found that he was curious about her . 
 maybe too curious . 
 `` how did you know ... what you were ? '' 
 he 'd always known he was a werewolf . 
 when puberty hit , there 'd been no surprise when he grew fangs and claws and had the urge to howl at the moon . 
 surrounded by others of his kind , it had been an easy transition for him . 
 `` i got the first clue when one of my father 's warriors stabbed me in the heart , tossed my body in a shallow grave , and left me to die . '' 
 her gaze drifted to him . 
 the smile was gone from her face . 
 `` yes , that was my first big clue . 
 he left me to die , only ... i did n't . '' 
 his hands clenched into fists . 
 `` why did he do that ? '' 
 her gaze turned back to the stars . 
 `` have they traveled up there ? 
 while i was ... under ... did they travel more to the moon ? 
 maybe to another planet ? 
 i 've seen so much in the years i walked the earth , but i 've always wanted to go beyond the sky ... '' he caught her hand . 
 twined his fingers with hers in order to catch iona 's attention-and just because he wanted to hold her hand . 
 `` they 've sent out robots . 
 rovers . 
 they captured images of planets and stars . 
 searched and explored . '' 
 hell , he 'd take the woman on a little nasa field trip if she wanted ... after they were done with latham . 
 he 'd make sure she learned every advance that had been made in space exploration . 
 `` it has n't changed , '' she said , and with her free hand , she pointed to the sky . 
 `` venus waits . 
 jupiter shines . 
 the constellations are just as they were . 
 clothes are different . 
 music . 
 technology . 
 but up there ... it all looks the same to me . '' 
 he squeezed her fingers . 
 `` why did he stab you ? '' 
 `` because my hair was n't gray . 
 because my skin had n't wrinkled . 
 because i was n't bearing children for my husband . '' 
 her husband ? 
 `` did i mention ... '' iona murmured , `` that my husband was the warrior who stabbed me ? '' 
 sonofabitch . 
 `` no , '' jamie bit out the words , `` you did n't . '' 
 `` purebloods usually stop aging around twenty-five . 
 their bodies just ... they freeze . 
 i did n't realize that had happened to me , of course . 
 i learned later that my father and my husband-they thought i was bewitched . '' 
 her lips tightened . 
 `` or that maybe i 'd even made a deal with the devil . '' 
 blood queen . 
 `` when i got out of that grave , i made the mistake of running back to my people for help . 
 you see , i still did n't get it . 
 i thought my father would help me . 
 i was sure he could n't have known what tylar had done . 
 i was so scared and ... '' her stare dipped to jamie 's throat . 
 `` hungry . '' 
 because her vampire side would have kicked in with all of the blood loss she 'd suffered . 
 `` but my father knew . 
 the attack had been his plan . 
 as soon as he saw me , he ordered his guards to prepare the fire . '' 
 the fire . 
 jamie found that he could n't speak . 
 his hold tightened on her . 
 `` the guards bound my hands . 
 tied me to an old , rotting tree ... put brush around me , and it was my father ... he was the one to bring the first torch to start the blaze . '' 
 the blood queen slaughtered a whole village . 
 that was the tale he knew of iona 's birth . 
 whispers had told of a born queen who 'd been so stricken by bloodlust that she 'd turned and attacked every person near her . 
 only the story that iona told was much different from what he 'd heard . 
 jamie found that he did n't doubt her account , not for an instant . 
 there was too much pain humming beneath her words . 
 `` i begged for help , '' she said quietly . 
 her lips trembled . 
 `` so many were gathered around the fire , but no one would step forward to save me . 
 no one . '' 
 now her fingers were squeezing his . 
 `` i 'd never known my mother . 
 my father ... he 'd said that she was attacked by our enemies shortly after my birth . 
 but there were rumors about her . 
 stories that said my mother could do magic . '' 
 her long hair slid over her shoulders as she turned her head and gazed at him . 
 `` that day , i used magic , too . 
 the fire should have consumed me . '' 
 he knew vampires were particularly susceptible to the flames . 
 their bodies burned so quickly . 
 `` but i managed to control the fire . 
 i do n't know if it was my fear or my fury , but ... something broke in me and i felt a sure of power . '' 
 her breath sighed out . 
 `` i got away . 
 i ran and i ran and then i realized ... he 'd always hunt me . 
 my father would n't stop searching for me because , to him , i was some kind of-of punishment . '' 
 `` punishment ? 
 for what ? '' 
 he did n't understand , but he sure would have enjoyed doling out some justice to her sadistic father . 
 `` for killing my mother , '' iona said in a soft , sad voice . 
 `` our enemies did n't kill her . 
 i found out that truth too late . 
 she died by my father 's hand . '' 
 she 'd had one sick bastard of a father . 
 family . 
 sometimes , you could n't live with them ... and sometimes you needed to kill them . 
 iona kept talking , and she did n't try to pull her hand from his . 
 good . 
 he liked holding her palm against his . 
 `` my father always wanted immortality . 
 wanted to rule all the land he could find . 
 he thought my mother could help him , and when she did n't , he made sure she could never use her magic to help anyone again . '' 
 he could n't believe how dark her origins were . 
 a heavy ache had grown in his chest as he listened to her tale . 
 `` it was him or me , '' she said , and , sure enough , that stubborn chin of hers kicked up . 
 `` i knew it , so i went back to my father 's land . 
 i slipped inside and made my way up to kill him . '' 
 and she had . 
 he knew that , at least , this part of her legend was true . 
 `` i had my knife at his throat , but i could n't do it . '' 
 her head sagged a bit , as if she were shamed by the memory . 
 well , hell . 
 so that part was n't true , either ? 
 he 'd suspected from the moment her golden eyes first opened that she was n't the evil bitch that rumor and legend had made her out to be . 
 now he knew for certain . 
 and that knowledge made him feel ... lost . 
 what have i done to her ? 
 `` he laughed at my weakness and stabbed me with his sword . '' 
 her left hand went to her side , as if touching a wound that had to be over fourteen hundred years old . 
 `` he was coming to cut off my head . 
 h-he said that would be the way to end me . '' 
 her father had been right . 
 even a pureblood vampire would n't be able to rise from a beheading . 
 `` he 'd killed my mother by taking her head . 
 he told me that ... '' had her mother been a pureblood , too ? 
 it was possible . 
 maybe iona 's father had n't killed her mother because the woman was a witch . 
 maybe he 'd killed her because she was a pureblood and she 'd refused to turn him into a vampire ? 
 then the hate had eaten at him , until he 'd unleashed his rage on his own child . 
 `` as his blade came for my throat , as i felt my own blood pouring from me , and saw death coming ... '' her breath whispered out . 
 `` the woman i 'd been , she died . 
 the vampire inside of me-she lived . 
 she killed . 
 i took that sword . 
 snatched it from him . 
 then shoved it right back into his heart . '' 
 jamie wanted to put his arms around her , so-screw it-he did . 
 jamie wrapped his arms around iona and pulled her against his chest . 
 she stiffened but did n't fight his hold . 
 good . 
 he could n't have fought her then . 
 her pain was too fresh . 
 too strong . 
 he did n't want to ever cause her anymore pain . 
 too late for that . 
 you 've stolen her life , and she does n't even realize it . 
 his jaw locked . 
 `` when his men came and attacked , i fought back . 
 they died . 
 my husband was the first to fall before me . '' 
 said flatly , as if she were yanking back on her emotions . 
 `` then i walked away from that land , with their blood covering me . '' 
 and the legend of the blood queen had been born . 
 `` i learned an important lesson that day , '' she whispered . 
 that her father had been better off dead ? 
 that her husband had deserved a long , brutal death ? 
 `` even those closest to you will betray you and kill you , if they have the chance . '' 
 her head turned , and she glanced up at him . 
 they were close enough to kiss . 
 `` just so you know , i wo n't give you that chance . '' 
 jamie blinked . 
 `` i have no plans to kill you . '' 
 keeping her alive was imperative to him . 
 without her , he would be dead . 
 her smile was sad , and it called him a liar . 
 `` you 've been so careful about what you revealed to me . 
 but i know more than you think , and when i sleep , i 'll know all . '' 
 because powerful vampires could literally steal people 's memories with the act of blood-drinking . 
 their prey 's blood memories appeared to the vampires when they dreamed . 
 jamie knew that and he also knew that he had to stop iona from dreaming , at least until their war with latham was over . 
 but , lucky for him and-i 'm so sorry , iona-unfortunately for her , he knew the lovely vampire 's weakness . 
 so he had to use that weakness as he asked , `` and you 're so eager to sleep again , are you ? 
 to close your eyes and wake to see that years have passed ? '' 
 she flinched . 
 jamie had hit his target , and shame burned inside of him . 
 `` eventually , '' she said , still staring back at him with the eyes that jamie swore could see into his soul , `` i 'll have to sleep . 
 there wo n't be a choice . '' 
 he bent forward and pressed a kiss to her cheek . 
 `` eventually , there wo n't be a need for secrets . '' 
 they both knew he had them . 
 `` my war with latham will be over . '' 
 but the end for him and iona would n't come any time soon . 
 as he pulled in her scent and felt her slender body against his , he had to ask , `` why did you kill the others ? '' 
 not the warriors on that long ago night . 
 he would have gladly killed them himself . 
 no , he meant the vampires that she 'd brought in to her coven . 
 `` did they turn on you , too ? '' 
 a faint furrow appeared between her brows . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` the coven you had in la. . 
 why did you kill them ? '' 
 stark pain-no , anguish-flashed in her eyes . 
 `` they 're dead ? '' 
 oh , shit . 
 but then she twisted in his arms , shoved him back , and jamie suddenly found himself on the ground with one very , very enraged pureblood vampire above him . 
 `` they 're dead ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 okay , so she had n't killed them . 
 big miscalculation his part . 
 if she had n't done it - latham . 
 `` i wondered why they never came for me . '' 
 the words were spoken with sadness , but fury crackled in her gaze . 
 `` i waited for them . 
 thought they 'd betrayed me , too . '' 
 maybe some of them had , he did n't know . 
 all jamie knew for sure was that , `` the compound burned to the ground on the same day that you ... disappeared . '' 
 the flames had lit up the sky . 
 he 'd been in la at the time , young , barely twenty , still too reckless , and he raced toward those flames . 
 but there had been nothing he could do . 
 the vampire compound had been too far from the main city streets . 
 the fire had been too strong . 
 too out of control . 
 for him . 
 and certainly for the human fire fighters who 'd tried to battle the blaze . 
 a tear slid down iona 's cheek . 
 it felt like someone had just clawed his chest open . 
 he hated the sight of that tear . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i-i did n't - '' she lunged away from him . 
 raced away in a flash and disappeared into the woods as she used that super vamp speed of hers . 
 no . 
 `` iona ! '' 
 but she was n't stopping for him . 
 swearing , he transformed into the wolf , letting the savage shift sweep over him . 
 then he was running , following her sweet scent . 
 rushing through the woods as fast as could . 
 ca n't let her get away . 
 ca n't . 
 but even as he rushed through the woods , her scent was growing fainter . 
 he kept going , knowing she could n't maintain her enhanced speed forever . 
 she 'd still be weak from her imprisonment . 
 she 'd still - he burst from the woods . 
 heard the growl of a motorcycle . 
 saw iona , holding tight to the back of some leather-clad bastard . 
 as the breath heaved from him , the motorcycle shot forward , taking iona away . 
 jamie howled . 
 the driver glanced back , and jamie could smell his fear . 
 the man was smart to be afraid . 
 jamie charged after the bike . 
 after them . 
 `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 the human demanded . 
 `` too big for a dog ... '' `` it 's a nightmare . '' 
 iona 's soft voice drifted back to jamie . 
 stabbed right in his heart like any knife . 
 `` go faster . '' 
 the engine gunned and the bike picked up even more speed as it flew down the narrow road and into the fading night . 
 for a time , jamie kept pretty good pace with the fleeing motorcycle . 
 but then the human and iona vanished . 
 vanished ... before he could make her realize that the human was n't harmless . 
 that he had n't been outside of those woods by chance . 
 he howled again . 
 jamie knew that human 's face . 
 he 'd seen him before . 
 at latham 's side . 
 and now that human ... one of latham 's army ... had iona . 
 chapter five the wolf was n't following them any longer . 
 iona 's hands tightened around the male . 
 they should be clear , for now . 
 `` stop , '' she told him , raising her voice so it would be heard over the roar of the motorcycle . 
 he did n't stop . 
 her hands squeezed him , harder . 
 `` stop . '' 
 did he give a negative shake of his head ? 
 he did . 
 her gaze searched the road around them . 
 she needed to get to la , but she did n't need the human , not any longer . 
 `` if you do n't stop , i 'll kill you . '' 
 he was n't wearing a helmet so it would be ridiculously easy to dispatch him . 
 one quick toss and he 'd be on the ground . 
 one flick of her wrist and his neck would break . 
 she might not be able to drink from him , but she could certainly kill him easily enough . 
 `` someone wants to see you , '' the human said as his fingers tightened around the motorcycle 's handlebars . 
 unease skated through her . 
 `` then he sent the wrong messenger . '' 
 she did n't even hesitate . 
 iona grabbed the human and threw him off the motorcycle . 
 before the bike could crash , she slid forward and took control of the handlebars . 
 this was n't like the old hog she 'd had all those years before but ... but she was a fast learner . 
 her thighs curved around the body of the bike and she throttled up the speed as she raced away . 
 the human could live or die . 
 he was n't her concern . 
 her coven-her vampires-they were what mattered . 
 she needed to find out what had happened to them . 
 *** greg coleman rose slowly from the pavement . 
 his ankle was broken , thanks to that bitch . 
 and , also thanks to the vamp bitch , blood soaked the right side of his body where the asphalt had ripped his flesh away . 
 all that blood , permeating the air , and she had n't even stopped for a sip . 
 he yanked out his phone . 
 the screen was cracked , but he still managed to make his call . 
 `` you were right , '' he said when the boss picked up . 
 `` she did n't so much as make a move toward my throat . '' 
 a growl rumbled over the line then ... `` where is she ? '' 
 `` driving fast and hot for la. '' that was what she 'd told him , anyway . 
 when she 'd rushed out of those woods-nearly scaring the shit out of him because he had n't been ready for her ; hell , he 'd been about to go in those woods and scout for her-the vampire had said that she had to get to la. . 
 he 'd told her to hop on the bike . 
 when she had ... holy f ** k , talk about perfect luck . 
 `` she 's alone , '' he said into his phone as he tried to take a few steps down the road . 
 every step sent pain pulsing from his ankle . 
 `` probably heading there to see if she can find any of her coven . '' 
 not that there were any vamps for her to find there . 
 well , not any who would be on her side . 
 greg stopped walking , sucked in breath , and said , `` it looks like she lost the werewolf , so she should be easy pickings for you . '' 
 `` yes ... '' a twig snapped behind greg . 
 he whirled around and his ankle gave out , sending him falling right back down . 
 his phone slipped away from him , smacked the pavement once more , and landed just out of his reach . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 he clenched his teeth and tried to shove toward that phone . 
 `` i need transport , '' he shouted , hoping the boss would hear him . 
 `` follow my gps and come get me-shit ! '' 
 a wolf jumped out of the darkness . 
 big , black , and with sharp green eyes that promised death . 
 one of the wolf 's front paws slammed down onto the phone . 
 greg tried to scramble back . 
 he had a gun full of silver bullets ... in the saddlebag on his bike . 
 fuck , f ** k , f ** k ! 
 `` stay away from me ! '' 
 the wolf stalked closer . 
 it was the same wolf that had followed iona from the woods . 
 that beast had been hunting them , had come all this way ? 
 the wolf 's sides heaved . 
 saliva dripped from its mouth and it kept advancing toward him . 
 greg nearly pissed his pants . 
 he 'd never had werewolves come at him before . 
 he was part of latham 's team . 
 the pack . 
 latham 's wolves attacked others , not him . 
 never him . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 greg lifted his hands , trying to cover his face . 
 the wolf 's claws sliced into his left arm . 
 blood flowed , too quickly . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 greg screamed as he tried to fight the wolf . 
 the wolf did n't stop . 
 its eyes glinted . 
 the beast barred its teeth and that green stare locked on greg 's throat . 
 death . 
 greg saw the promise in that gaze . 
 only he was n't ready to die . 
 and maybe ... maybe he did n't have to . 
 `` you want the woman ? '' 
 greg threw out and tried not to whimper at the pain from his arm ... his ankle ... his whole body . 
 the wolf seemed to hesitate . 
 `` she 's heading for la. '' who knew how long it would take for her to arrive ? 
 `` she 's going after her old coven . '' 
 greg forced a laugh . 
 `` does n't realize it , does she ? 
 the vamps still left from that coven-just a handful of 'em - they were the ones who set her up with latham . 
 they were the ones who lit that whole compound up in la. . 
 they did n't want bagged blood and peace with humans . '' 
 so he 'd been told . 
 he knew nothing first-hand , but he was ready to trade every whisper and bit of gossip that he 'd ever heard for a chance to live a little while longer . 
 `` they 'll find her . 
 they 'll trick her . 
 they 'll ... '' greg 's breath choked out as fear shuddered through him . 
 the wolf was n't backing off . 
 `` they 'll take her head-or they 'll just give her right back to-to latham ! '' 
 the wolf attacked . 
 his razor-sharp teeth locked on greg 's throat . 
 `` please ! '' 
 greg begged . 
 he could feel the tears pouring down his cheeks . 
 `` let me go ... save her . 
 hurry ... and she could live ! '' 
 total lie . 
 that bitch 's death was already set . 
 but the wolf did n't know that , and his teeth lifted away from greg 's throat . 
 the fool pulled back . 
 turned away . 
 rushed back into the woods . 
 and then the beast ran away to play the hero . 
 *** nothing remained . 
 the heavy stone walls that had been erected around the perimeter of iona 's home in la still stood firm , but inside of those walls ... nothing . 
 blackened earth . 
 no buildings . 
 no people . 
 just ... nothing . 
 a big for sale sign hung on the front gate , swaying a bit in the breeze . 
 the sign groaned as it rubbed against the iron gate . 
 iona stood about fifteen feet away from the gate , inside those cold stone walls , lost in the middle of the one place she 'd always felt truly belonged to her , and she refused to cry . 
 she could almost feel the pain lingering in the air around her . 
 when she closed her eyes , the screams whispered through her mind . 
 whispered-then burned . 
 as her friends had burned . 
 her family . 
 she 'd transformed some of the coven herself . 
 found the rare few that she 'd thought could handle the vampire world . 
 they 'd turned others . 
 the coven had grown . 
 it was all gone now . 
 ashes . 
 her father had wanted to burn her to ashes . 
 fire was such a good way to kill a vampire . 
 her gaze fell to the blackened ground . 
 she 'd driven for so long that night had descended on her once more , a black shroud to cover her beloved home . 
 `` iona . '' 
 at first , she thought the call was just a memory . 
 then she looked up , and , there , just beyond the front gate , she saw michael staring at her . 
 he looked as if he 'd seen a ghost . 
 she felt as if she had . 
 michael . 
 michael monroe . 
 the breath rushed from her . 
 one of her coven ! 
 she had n't transformed him . 
 another member of the coven-christine-had brought him over . 
 christine had found michael , broken and bloody , the victim of a hit and run car accident . 
 he 'd begged christine for help . 
 the gate groaned louder as michael opened the metal bars that lined the entrance . 
 iona had n't bothered opening the gate . 
 she 'd just leapt over the stone wall . 
 if michael had known just what sort of help christine truly offered , would he still have begged ? 
 or would he have chosen death ? 
 iona had always wondered ... `` you should be dead , '' michael said , shaking his head as he advanced on her . 
 `` all this time ... we thought you were dead . '' 
 she kept her hands at her sides . 
 refused to let hope fill her . 
 he was alive , and he 'd just said ... we . 
 others must have survived , too . 
 but ... but she did n't let the hope take over . 
 hope had been crushed too many times . 
 `` what happened here ? '' 
 `` latham , '' michael bit off the name of the werewolf at the top of iona 's most-hated list . 
 `` when you left us , he came in with his wolves . 
 they attacked during the day and burned the place around us . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 there should have been safeguards in place . 
 specific vampires and bodyguard humans who protected the area during the day while the vamp coven was more vulnerable . 
 the compound had been set up with security systems , dozens of alarms . 
 the wolves should never have been able to sneak inside and attack . 
 `` how did you escape ? '' 
 iona asked him . 
 but he just shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't believe ... i 'm so glad to see you ! '' 
 then he rushed forward and wrapped his arms around her . 
 he smelled of fresh blood . 
 michael had been out hunting . 
 had his prey been humans ? 
 werewolves ? 
 her hands touched lightly on his shoulders . 
 `` how did you escape ? '' 
 iona asked him again . 
 goosebumps rose on her arms . 
 something was off , something felt - a low growl drifted in the air . 
 iona swallowed . 
 michael lifted his head . 
 pulled back a bit so he could stare down at her . 
 `` i did n't escape . '' 
 he was smiling now . 
 flashing his fangs . 
 he must have heard the growl , too . 
 like her , he knew the sound for exactly what it was . 
 the sound of a werewolf . 
 after all , that deep , rumbling growl was pretty unmistakable . 
 a werewolf was closing in on them . 
 `` i killed the human guards , '' michael told her . 
 he was proud . 
 bragging ? 
 `` i made sure that the vamps on patrol were given drugged blood . 
 then i just walked away and let the werewolves have their fun . '' 
 fury had her trembling and more than ready to rip off his head . 
 `` christine saved you ! '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` then she got in my way . 
 tried to get me to be a good , f ** kin ' little vamp who followed the rules . '' 
 he shook his head and pulled a stake from his coat . 
 `` i 'm not the following type . '' 
 the wolf was behind him , racing with his giant jaws parted and his eyes trained on the prey that waited . 
 michael pressed the tip of his wooden stake over her chest . 
 `` i 'm guessing all that time , frozen like the dead , slowed you down , huh ? '' 
 his smile widened . 
 `` i 'm glad i get to be the one to send you to hell . '' 
 she snatched the stake from him , and , before he could even have a chance to fight-he deserved no chance-iona shoved that stake deep into his heart . 
 `` you guessed wrong . '' 
 his lips parted . 
 his eyes stared at her in horrified surprise . 
 `` no time to beg this go around , '' she said . 
 `` you 're dead . '' 
 then she walked away while his body fell to the blackened earth . 
 the wolf was charging right at her . 
 iona braced her legs to face him . 
 but the beast started to change . 
 bones crunched and snapped , and the fur vanished from his body . 
 golden flesh emerged . 
 flesh she knew . 
 a face she knew . 
 it would be impossible to ever forget jamie 's hard , dangerous features . 
 `` i was ... coming to save you ... '' the words were raspy and grating as his paws became hands that sank into the earth . 
 her head tilted at she studied him . 
 `` i did n't need saving . '' 
 jamie looked up at her . 
 his gaze blazed . 
 `` that vamp 's not the only one after you . '' 
 no , she did n't think that he was . 
 she was n't that foolish . 
 `` a few other vamps were helping him , and they 're - '' `` here , '' she finished with a nod because she 'd caught their scents , too . 
 they were just beyond the wall , waiting . 
 maybe michael had been their leader , so they 'd let him try for first blood . 
 would they attack now that they realized she was n't weak ? 
 would they be afraid-or would they try killing her , too ? 
 `` if they 're smart , they 'll run like hell , '' jamie said as he fired a fast glance toward the wall . 
 if they 'd been smart , they never would have betrayed her coven . 
 jamie 's head jerked to the right . 
 `` one 's running . '' 
 but she already heard other footsteps . 
 pounding toward them . 
 `` and two are attacking . '' 
 iona rushed away from jamie as she ran to face the threat . 
 fury boiled in her , the kind that just made her want to destroy . 
 so when she saw the two vampires charging at her with hate twisting their faces and their hands curled around stakes , iona did n't hesitate . 
 she was within range now . 
 she 'd just needed to get close enough - `` good-bye , '' iona whispered and flames shot out from her hands . 
 close enough to kill . 
 the vampires screamed as the fire consumed them . 
 a fire stronger than anything they 'd probably ever seen before . 
 my fire . 
 one fueled by rage and magic . 
 they died quickly , though they probably did n't deserve such a swift death . 
 not after what they 'd done . 
 betrayal . 
 a hand touched her shoulder . 
 iona flinched and spun around . 
 jamie backed up , lifting both hands in front of him . 
 `` easy , love . 
 i 'm on your side . '' 
 she wanted to believe that . 
 `` the woman ... '' iona could n't look at what was left of her , but she did n't need to . 
 iona remembered luanne 's face . 
 `` she brought the blood to me that last night . 
 michael and his vamps ... they gave me drugged blood . '' 
 that was how they 'd managed to subdue her . 
 she just had n't realized it at the time . 
 she 'd gone to sleep in her home , and she 'd woken in the room that would become her prison , woken just in time to see latham and brian . 
 the spell had been cast . 
 the taste of blood filled her mouth-latham 's blood . 
 she 'd tried to lunge at them , but her body had refused to obey her commands . 
 if you wo n't give me your blood , then i 'll just take it . 
 latham 's voice . 
 he 'd tried to woo her when they first met . 
 offered her promises of peace between the vampires and werewolves . 
 he 'd been handsome . 
 charming . 
 but she 'd seen the darkness in him . 
 latham had only wanted her blood . 
 her power . 
 he had n't cared about peace . 
 the werewolf enjoyed his violence and death too much for that . 
 i would have put him down . 
 she 'd planned to kill him , but latham had struck first . 
 he could n't kill her , because then he 'd never get the blood he wanted from a corpse . 
 and if he let her live , then he 'd known she would attack him . 
 so he 'd decided on a compromise . 
 bastard . 
 `` iona ? '' 
 jamie eased closer to her . 
 `` we should get out of here . 
 latham knows this is where you were going when you left oregon . '' 
 `` and he 's coming . '' 
 no surprise . 
 `` when michael caught the werewolf scent in the air , he thought you were just one of latham 's army . '' 
 you thought wrong , michael . 
 she rolled her shoulders . 
 weariness beat at her . 
 she 'd driven so far , non-stop , and iona always felt drained whenever she used her fire and magic . 
 she risked a look up into jamie 's bright stare and knew he could see her weakness . 
 `` you need to rest , '' he told her . 
 true , but not likely . 
 but when he offered his hand to her , iona found herself stepping forward and actually clasping his fingers . 
 so many had betrayed her over the years , but ... some had been her true friends . 
 christine . 
 iona could still see her so clearly in her mind . 
 her warm smile . 
 her perfect , dark skin . 
 her kind eyes . 
 `` latham killed my family . '' 
 `` and mine . '' 
 fury vibrated in his words . 
 she could understand that rage . 
 it was no wonder he wanted vengeance against latham . 
 they were outside of the gate now . 
 a big , black truck waited for them . 
 she frowned at it for a moment . 
 jamie laughed softly . 
 `` ah , love , did you really think i ran all the way after you ? '' 
 love ? 
 it was the second time that he 'd called her that . 
 she 'd just been baby before . 
 but iona pushed the thought aside as he guided her to the vehicle . 
 her legs wanted to go limp , so she slumped inside , sinking into the soft seat . 
 she would go with the werewolf , for now . 
 she could always slip away from him later . 
 she could slip away any time that she wanted . 
 in seconds , jamie was in the truck with her . 
 with a flick of his fingers , he started the ignition , and they left the heavy , stone walls behind them . 
 iona squeezed her eyes shut . 
 `` i would have ... brought you here , '' jamie said , voice hesitant . 
 `` you did n't have to leave me . '' 
 `` i brought myself here . '' 
 she could protect herself . 
 she 'd never needed anyone else to fight her battles . 
 still did n't . 
 `` and maybe i was tired of being used . '' 
 because he was using her , too . 
 she knew it . 
 was n't it always about the blood ? 
 my blood . 
 my power . 
 the werewolves just kept wanting it . 
 `` iona - '' `` i want to shower . '' 
 to wash away the ash on her skin . 
 to wash away the death . 
 she forced her eyes to open , and iona glanced at him . 
 `` find the nearest hotel or just ... just find me a safe place . '' 
 a muscle jerked in his jaw , but jamie gave a grim nod . 
 he did n't speak again during the ride , and iona was glad because the ghosts from her past-the vampires she 'd lost-their memories were screaming at her as she left her home behind . 
 *** she was hurting . 
 not a physical pain . 
 jamie had checked iona 's body thoroughly and found no sign of wounds . 
 her pain went far beneath the surface . 
 iona was in the shower , the water pouring down with a heavy thunder that he could hear clearly through the gleaming door . 
 he had found her a safe place . 
 not some pay-by-the-hour dump . 
 she 'd deserved better than that . 
 the woman was a queen , and he 'd gotten her the best room he could afford . 
 five freaking stars . 
 he wanted to do anything and everything he could in order to make her pain go away . 
 she 'd seen enough pain , more than he 'd ever expected . 
 i want her to be happy . 
 `` i know you 're there ... '' her voice drifted to him . 
 not a yell , just a whisper . 
 that was all she needed to do ... whisper , and his wolf could hear her . 
 `` come inside , jamie . '' 
 his body hardened at the invitation . 
 hell , he 'd already been hard , from the moment they entered the hotel . 
 iona had started to strip . 
 then she 'd walked away . 
 shut the door . 
 closed him out . 
 but , now ... she was inviting him inside ... he did n't need to be invited twice . 
 jamie nearly ripped the door off the hinges when he rushed into the bathroom . 
 the shower was huge . 
 easily bigger than the little house sean had found for them back in oregon . 
 the place was lined with granite . 
 some kind of stone bench was in the shower , and , in that shower , two different jets of water poured from opposite walls to slide down over iona 's naked body . 
 she stood just behind the glass door . 
 steam drifted around her . 
 her gaze met his , then she put her hand on the glass . 
 he could see the small birthmark on her palm . 
 that mark had changed everything for her . 
 jamie did n't remember crossing the room , but suddenly , he was right in front of the shower door . 
 his hand lifted and covered hers . 
 only that thin pane of glass separated his flesh from hers . 
 her gaze met his . 
 he could see the edge of her fangs peeking out from beneath her red lips . 
 `` will it be like before ? '' 
 iona asked him . 
 `` so much pleasure ... it let me forget all the pain . '' 
 her words pierced deep into him . 
 no more pain . 
 jamie lifted his hand . 
 stripped . 
 opened the door . 
 reached for her . 
 his fingers skimmed over the silken flesh that had been heated by the pounding water . 
 `` this time , it will be even better . '' 
 `` promises , promises ... '' he noticed that some of the shadows had lifted from her gaze . 
 so beautiful that she makes me ache . 
 his fingers curled around hers , and he bent to taste her . 
 mine . 
 her lips parted . 
 her tongue met his . 
 there was no hesitation in her . 
 iona knew what she wanted , and she was taking it . 
 jamie knew exactly what he wanted , too , and he 'd be damned if he ever gave her up . 
 they were hungry from the start . 
 wild . 
 full of lust and need . 
 their kisses were hard , their tongues tasting . 
 he 'd never get enough of her . 
 he never wanted to taste another woman . 
 the taste would be bitter . 
 but iona ... perfect . 
 their hands were greedy and eager . 
 iona 's body was slick from the soap and water . 
 her fingers brushed over his chest . 
 over the old scars-some he 'd gotten just as a child , long before he could shift and heal-that would always mark him . 
 then ... she slid down onto her knees before him . 
 jamie had n't expected the move , and he tried to pull back . 
 `` you do n't need to - '' `` i want this . '' 
 demanding , not asking . 
 as if he 'd deny her anything . 
 then her mouth closed around the tip of his cock , and jamie 's knees locked . 
 sweet f ** king hell . 
 her tongue rasped over him . 
 she took him in deeper as she sucked his flesh . 
 the low moan that iona gave vibrated along his c ** k and had him nearly exploding in her mouth . 
 i made a promise . 
 one he would n't forget , even if the woman was trying to make him go blind from pleasure . 
 he pulled back from her . 
 she glanced up , her eyes molten . 
 `` jamie ! '' 
 he liked her demanding . 
 he lifted her into his arms . 
 he 'd like her even more when she gave him a chance to taste her . 
 she kissed him while he carried her out of the bathroom . 
 she licked his lips . 
 then she moved to his neck . 
 when her fangs slid into his skin , his arms tightened around her . 
 ca n't . 
 come . 
 yet . 
 he had to be inside her before he came , and she-she had to be on her second orgasm by then . 
 promises , promises ... now he recognized her words for the taunt they were . 
 iona wanted him to break . 
 he would n't , maybe . 
 he put her on the bed . 
 hated to move away from her mouth-he loved her bite-but there was a part of her that he 'd been dying to taste . 
 would she taste as good there ? 
 yes . 
 he already knew she would . 
 his hands trailed over her body . 
 over the soft swell of her stomach . 
 he pressed a kiss there . 
 then , down , sliding into the silken heat of her sex . 
 her legs parted for him . 
 not far enough . 
 he moved between those sexy legs and opened her even wider . 
 so f ** king perfect . 
 jamie put his mouth on her . 
 tasted her secrets and drove his tongue into her sex . 
 she bucked beneath him , and he grabbed her hips , keeping her just where he needed her to be . 
 right beneath his mouth . 
 her hands slid over his shoulders . 
 `` jamie ? '' 
 he licked her . 
 and felt her come . 
 one ... the start . 
 he kept tasting and licking and her moans filled his ears even as the beast roared inside him . 
 her pleasure was sweet on his tongue , but it was n't enough . 
 he needed so much more . 
 when had she become so important to him ? 
 when had she become ... everything . 
 he 'd been so desperate to get to la. . 
 to get to her . 
 if she 'd been killed ... jamie 's hands tore away from her hips just as his claws burst from his fingertips . 
 the claws sliced into the sheets , the mattress . 
 he heard her gasp . 
 and he tried to yank back the beast . 
 `` wo n't ... hurt ... '' his head lifted . 
 he met her stare . 
 saw his whole world reflected back in that gold . 
 claim . 
 an instinct bred into the wolf . 
 when you saw what you wanted , you took it . 
 an alpha 's right . 
 he 'd never wanted another this way . 
 take . 
 he pushed his c ** k into her body . 
 drove deep and hard and the pure f ** king bliss of her had his back teeth grinding together . 
 then the animal inside took over . 
 lust was a frenzy , need a desperation within him . 
 he plunged into her , thrusting again and again , but he could n't seem to get deep enough , could n't feel her close enough . 
 he pulled away from her . 
 turned iona so that she was on her stomach . 
 would she - she rose to her knees . 
 `` ready for more ? '' 
 iona asked him , tossing that shining mane over her shoulder . 
 he was beyond speech right then . 
 his mouth closed around the curve of her shoulder . 
 a kiss at first , but then , because this was the spot that would mark a claiming ... he bit her , even as he thrust into her sex . 
 the pleasure hit them both , sweeping through them , between them , consuming in a white-hot explosion that left him hollowed out , and yet , for the first time in his whole life also feeling ... whole . 
 as if he 'd found something that had always been missing . 
 her . 
 jamie pressed a kiss to the faint wound he 'd left on iona 's shoulder . 
 the mark of a werewolf claiming . 
 there would be no going back from this , and he wondered just what iona would do now . 
 hopefully , she would n't try to kill him . 
 her arms curled around him . 
 `` i do n't want to sleep , '' she whispered but her words were husky , and he knew that sleep pulled desperately at her . 
 it pulled at him , too . 
 `` i 'll stay with you . '' 
 her head tilted back . 
 she stared up at him with eyes so deep and mysterious . 
 `` i 'm afraid . '' 
 he knew the admission had been hard . 
 for her , hard was probably one serious understatement . 
 his arms tightened around her . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i swear , i wo n't let anything happen to you . '' 
 the last time , she 'd slept for fifteen years . 
 he inhaled her scent . 
 realized that she already felt like she was a part of him . 
 `` i 'll keep you safe . '' 
 but iona gave a sad shake of her head . 
 `` it 's not the sleep i fear . '' 
 her hand slid over his chest . 
 `` it 's the dreams . 
 what i 'll ... see . '' 
 because of the blood she 'd taken from him . 
 jamie carefully held his expression , hoping to show only concern for her and not the fear and anger that were suddenly clawing inside of him . 
 just yesterday , he 'd planned to keep her from sleeping . 
 planned to stop her from using their blood link so she would n't see his secrets in her dreams . 
 but now i want her to know me . 
 pity his memories were n't the stuff of white knights . 
 hell , iona had probably met real freaking knights in her life . 
 and she 'd battled monsters . 
 like me . 
 `` i do n't want to find out ... you 're as much of a monster as latham ... '' her voice whispered away as her lashes began to sag . 
 her slurred words were a painful echo of his own thoughts . 
 his eyes squeezed shut . 
 jamie leaned over to press a kiss to her the tumble of her hair . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 because he knew exactly what iona would see in her dreams . 
 and he knew that she 'd want him dead . 
 but she deserved to know . 
 he could n't keep secrets from her anymore . 
 even if the truth she learned made her go for his throat . 
 chapter six the bodies were broken . 
 twisted . 
 jagged wounds-claw marks-had ripped into the woman 's neck . 
 her blond hair was matted with her blood . 
 a man 's body rested beside her , his hands still reaching for her even in death . 
 the heavy scent of silver burned in the air . 
 `` why ? '' 
 the cry was torn from her ... only when she glanced down , iona was n't staring at her own body . 
 no , when she glanced down , she saw jamie 's strong hands . 
 jamie 's body . 
 because this was jamie 's memory . 
 part of her wanted to wake up , but once the blood memories came , there was no stopping them . 
 this was the way the memories always came for her . 
 she relived the memories , the moments , until the blood pushed her free . 
 so she watched , through jamie 's eyes , as he fell before the people that she knew were his parents . 
 those memories were there , too , inside of her and - `` you 're next . '' 
 latham 's voice . 
 he was standing over the bodies . 
 his lips were twisted with hate . 
 `` why ? '' 
 jamie demanded again , the cry like a wounded animal . 
 and-he was . 
 `` because i 'm taking over the pack . 
 he was in my way . '' 
 latham glared at the dead man 's body and then pointed at jamie . 
 `` you 're in my way , too , brother . '' 
 brother ? 
 a knife seemed to slide into her heart , but the heart-it was n't hers . 
 it was jamie 's . 
 and latham had just shoved a silver blade into jamie 's chest . 
 then latham ... walked away . 
 but jamie did n't die . 
 someone else rushed to his side . 
 a wolf she recognized . 
 sean . 
 sean took out the blade even as it scorched and blistered his fingertips . 
 but jamie was still near death . 
 far too close . 
 death 's cold hands reached out as the world seemed to go dark ... then she was somewhere else . 
 her eyes opened . 
 she-no , jamie was on a bed . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 his voice seemed to echo all around her . 
 sean swallowed and glanced away , as if he could n't stand to meet jamie 's eyes . 
 `` had to ... i had to give you vampire blood . 
 it was the only way to keep you alive . '' 
 `` where 'd you get it ? '' 
 `` latham ... he ... he has a vamp that he keeps prisoner . 
 she 's supposed to be f ** kin ' strong . '' 
 she ? 
 iona 's heart burned because she realized this memory ... it had been created when latham already had her captive . 
 `` that 's how my brother stays so strong . '' 
 jamie jumped from the bed . 
 her blood had pushed his strength level higher than anything he 'd ever felt before . 
 `` we have to find her . 
 find her ... and kill the bitch . 
 we kill her , and we 'll kill him , too . '' 
 *** iona whimpered and turned her head against the pillow . 
 jamie 's jaw locked . 
 he wanted to shake her and force her eyes to open , but ... he did n't want any more secrets between them . 
 no more lies . 
 iona was n't what he 'd expected . 
 she deserved to know the truth about what happened . 
 about him . 
 `` and when you come for my throat ... '' his fingers brushed back her hair . 
 `` hell , maybe i wo n't even fight you . '' 
 because he did n't know who had wronged her more . 
 him ... or his brother . 
 *** another time , another place . 
 the memories were coming faster now as the blood pushed her to see more . 
 learn more . 
 the pounding of the surf hit her ears even as the scent of the ocean filled her nose . 
 she paced-no , jamie paced-inside a small beach house . 
 a man sat before him , bound hand and foot to a chair . 
 the man 's blond hair fell over his eyes , but then jamie said , `` witch , we can do this two ways . 
 i can kill you now , or you can help me . '' 
 his hands lifted and claws glinted in the dying light . 
 `` we can both work together to take out latham , and you can keep living . '' 
 witch ? 
 the man 's head rose . 
 brian hennessey stared back at her . 
 pain froze her heart . 
 jamie had been working with brain ? 
 with the witch who 'd bound her ? 
 blood dripped from brian 's busted bottom lip . 
 `` you ca n't ... stop him . 
 he 's too strong . '' 
 then brian laughed . 
 `` he 's gon na take ... over every pack ... no stopping ... '' jamie kicked the chair and brian fell backward , slamming into the wooden floor . 
 `` he 's strong because you gave him magic . 
 you think i did n't hear the story about the vampires you slaughtered ? 
 about the blood queen that you 're holding and slowly draining ? '' 
 his lips curled in disgust . 
 `` i know you 're giving her blood to my brother . 
 that 's why he 's so powerful . '' 
 and for an instant , the fast flood of memories were hers , not jamie 's . 
 iona remembered the prick of a needle in her arm . 
 the slow suction as her blood drained away . 
 again and again and again as the years rolled away ... her dark past vanished , and there was only jamie once more . 
 `` when we take his vamp away , he 'll get weak . '' 
 jamie crouched over sean and put his claws to the witch 's throat . 
 `` tell me how to find her , and i 'll make sure to cut off his little blood supply . 
 because it 's her , right ? 
 not just any vamp ... her . 
 i know she 's old , powerful - '' `` m-magic . '' 
 blood oozed from brian 's throat when jamie 's claws broke the skin . 
 `` not just a vamp ... the blood queen is part witch , too . 
 get her blood , get the power . 
 latham has the power . '' 
 `` because you helped him ! '' 
 fury rolled in jamie 's voice . 
 `` you backed the wrong brother . 
 but you can regret that while you 're burning in hell . '' 
 his claws sank deeper into brian 's throat . 
 brian shook his head , seemingly frantic at the promise of death he must have seen in jamie 's eyes . 
 jamie 's claws lifted once more . 
 he attacked . 
 more blood flowed . 
 the witch broke . 
 `` th-there 's a way ... end the curse ... you can ... can control her ... '' iona wanted to close her eyes . 
 wanted to slap her hands over her ears . 
 but this was n't her body , and jamie 's hands-they were too busy slicing into sean . 
 `` then you tell me that way . 
 tell me how to control the blood queen , and you can help me to kill latham . '' 
 *** `` my father was alpha , '' jamie said the words , knowing she probably could n't hear him-not while she was locked in blood memories-but still needing to speak . 
 `` i was his second son . 
 latham ... he was my half-brother . 
 hell , i did n't even know about the guy for the first ten years of my life . 
 he just ... showed up one day . 
 his mother had never ... she 'd never joined the pack . 
 that 's why his last name 's gentry . '' 
 latham gentry . 
 the f ** king wolf that had destroyed his world . 
 `` he 'd been in america , had grown up there . '' 
 and , later , it would be latham who convinced the pack that they needed to move across the pond and start fresh in the united states . 
 `` i was a kid when latham showed up , and latham-hell , he was a fully mature wolf . 
 he was also a sadistic prick . '' 
 jamie shook his head . 
 `` only back then , nobody but me ever seemed to see the evil that burned in him . '' 
 his fingers were laced with hers . 
 `` i tried to tell my father . 
 he would n't listen . 
 he was too damn happy to have a strong , new wolf in the pack-a wolf with his blood . '' 
 he 's f ** king crazy . 
 how many times had jamie said those exact words to his father over the years ? 
 he 'd seen the evil in latham . 
 why had n't the others ? 
 `` the years passed . 
 i could see that latham was growing darker , more dangerous . 
 i could also tell that he was positioning himself to be alpha . '' 
 the hell , no . 
 `` i had to leave the pack . 
 i knew ... i knew i 'd never be able to swear allegiance to latham . '' 
 his parents had been furious . 
 jamie 's father had disowned him , still refusing to see what latham was . 
 he said i was jealous . 
 bitter . 
 their father had learned the truth for far too long . 
 `` when i left , sean came with me . '' 
 sean had been his best friend for as long as he could remember . 
 orphaned , sean had always been treated as the runt of the pack when they were kids . 
 but jamie had n't let the others ever hurt sean . 
 he 'd fought plenty of battles for his friend until sean had finally grown big enough to fight back . 
 when they 'd left the only life they 'd ever known , sean had said , `` it 's time for me to have your back . '' 
 sean could be a smart-ass , but the guy was loyal . 
 true through blood and bone . 
 they 'd gone out , ready to start a whole new life . 
 but ... something had happened . 
 `` maybe it was you , '' jamie whispered to her . 
 `` there was talk that latham had become obsessed with a vampire . 
 that he wanted her for his mate , but she ... she turned away from him . '' 
 smart choice . 
 `` the years passed , and latham just started to grow stronger . 
 crazier . '' 
 this was his shame . 
 jamie had n't returned to the pack then , despite the stories he 'd heard . 
 my father told me if i left , not to return . 
 so he 'd stayed away , thinking his father would finally see latham for what he was-thinking that his father would stop the other wolf . 
 `` but when my parents realized the truth about latham and tried to fight back , he killed them . '' 
 the memory was a knife in his heart . 
 `` i came back-too late-and found their bodies . '' 
 he 'd never forget the sight . 
 he 'd heard tales of more bloodshed in the o'connell pack . 
 tales of torture and death , and he had n't been able to stay away a moment longer . 
 `` latham tried to kill me , too , but vampire blood-your blood-saved me . '' 
 his breath rushed out on a rough sigh . 
 `` did n't thank you for that , did i ? 
 no , instead , i just went right ahead with my plans . 
 i wanted revenge . 
 i wanted latham taken out , and i did n't care who stood in my way . '' 
 he leaned over her . 
 `` i f ** king care now . '' 
 and he heard the faintest of rustles in the hallway . 
 footsteps . 
 someone closing in . 
 he brushed his lips over hers . 
 `` i care now , '' he said again , and went to face the threat coming for them . 
 *** `` are you sure about this ? '' 
 sean demanded as he glanced around at the two dead bodies that littered the ground . 
 the dead werewolves were slowly shifting back into their human forms . 
 jamie straightened his shoulders . 
 she could feel the determination coursing through his veins . 
 `` the blood queen is inside . '' 
 and he 'd just defeated a small army in order to get to her . 
 sean grabbed his arm . 
 `` how do you even know the witch is telling the truth ? 
 that whole story about waking her could be a bunch of bs . 
 we might get in there and just find latham waiting to gut us . '' 
 jamie glanced at him . 
 `` brian burned himself out casting the spell for latham , and he understands ... my brother hates weakness . 
 it 's only a matter of time before latham kills brian . 
 the witch knows it , even if he ca n't see his death coming . '' 
 sean frowned . 
 `` ca n't ` see ' it ? 
 what the hell are you talking about ? '' 
 `` witches can see much in this world , and beyond it . 
 brian saw how to trap the blood queen , and he set the spell so that only a werewolf alpha could free her . '' 
 `` an alpha like you ? '' 
 jamie nodded . 
 then they were running down a hallway . 
 attacking more wolves . 
 killing their own kind . 
 as jamie gazed around , searching for more enemies , iona realized that she knew this place . 
 her prison . 
 jamie stopped before a too-familiar metal door . 
 `` i 'll wake her , and she 'll be my weapon . '' 
 she did n't want to hear - `` if she wants to keep living , '' jamie said as he lifted his claw-tipped hand toward that door , `` then she 'll need my blood . 
 so she 'll do what i want . '' 
 and she knew ... he was just like latham . 
 not caring what happened to her . 
 not giving a shit at all . 
 maybe he deserved the same death as his brother . 
 then jamie and sean were inside the room . 
 jamie inhaled the scent of the ocean . 
 saw the wispy curtains . 
 saw the body lying in the bed . 
 so still . 
 dead . 
 jamie 's stare locked on her prone form . 
 sean grabbed him again . 
 `` this is a bad idea . 
 there 's a reason she 's under , man . 
 the woman is evil . '' 
 no , she was n't . 
 sure , she 'd done bad things , but only to those who 'd come after her . 
 she 'd never hurt an innocent . 
 iona did n't care what the twisted lies claimed about her . 
 only jamie did n't think she looked evil . 
 she was in his head , and she knew that he thought she looked ... beautiful . 
 insane man . 
 she looked like a corpse . 
 `` go outside , '' jamie ordered sean . 
 `` guard the door , just in case ... '' `` in case the crazy bitch gets loose and kills you ? '' 
 she felt his annoyance . 
 `` in case we 've been tracked . 
 i do n't want anyone stopping me . 
 not until i put the bond in place . '' 
 bond . 
 the word trembled through her . 
 jamie cut his wrist . 
 it was so strange to watch as he put his wrist-his blood-to her mouth . 
 he tried to force her to drink . 
 frustration churned within him when her eyes did n't open . 
 `` maybe you are dead . '' 
 then she saw her own eyes open . 
 `` i 'm not dead ... '' a weak , raspy voice . 
 her voice . 
 `` but you are . '' 
 *** jamie yanked open the door and put his claws at the werewolf 's throat . 
 sean froze with his hands up in the air . 
 then he demanded , `` fuck me , man , is that how you answer a door ? '' 
 `` it is when i smell latham 's scent . '' 
 and his brother 's scent was definitely on sean . 
 jamie grabbed the guy and hauled him inside . 
 `` want to tell me what the hell is happening ? '' 
 sean swallowed . 
 `` he 's coming for you . '' 
 his gaze darted to the bed . 
 `` for her . '' 
 that had been the plan . 
 before . 
 `` you 've changed your mind , have n't you ? '' 
 sean charged . 
 he shoved away from jamie . 
 `` dammit , i knew this would happen . 
 i saw the way you were looking at her in that bar . 
 when she said she was gon na drink from me ... shit , you went postal . '' 
 postal ? 
 huh . 
 jamie had thought that he 'd held onto his control pretty well . 
 all things considered . 
 he had remembered that sean was his best friend . 
 so he had n't shoved his claws into sean 's side . 
 `` she was the big secret weapon . '' 
 sean marched around the bed . 
 `` you were supposed to use her , not fall for her . '' 
 sean 's gaze drifted from iona 's still body back up to jamie . 
 `` i guess you are more like your brother than you want to think . '' 
 in an instant , jamie had his friend against the wall , and his claws were out . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 there were some lines that he would n't even let sean cross . 
 `` do n't what ? '' 
 sean demanded , not backing down at all . 
 `` i trusted you . 
 i gave you my loyalty , my life . 
 latham 's a twisted freak , but he managed to walk the thin sanity line until he met her . 
 your brother could n't have her , and he went batshit . 
 if she was n't his , then she was nobody 's . 
 he locked her up and - '' jamie 's fist and claws drove into the wall as his fury erupted . 
 `` he was always batshit ! 
 i saw it from the moment he came to the pack . 
 he 'd get off on torturing the weak . 
 hell , he almost killed you when you were only six . '' 
 but jamie had stopped him . 
 he 'd always had to stop him . 
 story of my life . 
 `` you do n't remember , but i do . 
 how the hell do you think you became an orphan ? 
 he was the one to kill your parents . 
 he was the one who came after you . 
 i told my father . 
 i told him , but no one would believe me . 
 why would a wolf attack his own kind ? '' 
 sean stared at him with stunned eyes . 
 `` because he 's a demented psychopath , '' jamie said , answering his own question as he yanked his claws out of the wall and stepped back . 
 `` and i am nothing like him . '' 
 he turned away from sean and glanced over at the bed . 
 iona 's eyes were open . 
 she was sitting up in bed . 
 staring at him . 
 shit . 
 `` you want her just as much as he does , '' sean said from behind him , but the werewolf 's voice shook with pain and sorrow . 
 i should n't have told him like that . 
 sean deserved better . 
 to him , sean was his brother , not latham . 
 `` remember your big plan ? '' 
 sean said and now he was getting angry . 
 so jamie was n't really surprised when the guy said-right in front of iona-that , `` part of that plan was that i 'd let latham find me . 
 i 'd offer him a deal . 
 tell him that you 'd trade her for peace . '' 
 jamie 's eyes were on iona . 
 `` that was just a lie to bring him out . 
 to get him to face me . 
 i was n't going to make a deal . '' 
 i would n't trade you . 
 he 'd thought to defeat latham , not to actually give iona to the bastard . 
 she just stared back at him . 
 he could n't read a single emotion on her face or in her eyes . 
 `` i held up my part of the agreement , '' sean snapped . 
 `` i went to him . 
 found him while he was torturing some human named greg . 
 i told latham , and now he 's coming to meet you . 
 latham sent me to deliver a message . 
 he wants you and the vamp to meet him at her old compound , at midnight . '' 
 the plan had been to draw out latham . 
 to force him to face-off against jamie . 
 only ... jamie had planned to be riding high off the rush that came from iona 's powerful blood . 
 finally , a fair fight between the brothers . 
 he 'd planned to drink and drink from her . 
 then use her to distract his brother so that he could go in for the kill . 
 i ca n't . 
 because what if he was wrong ? 
 what if he was n't strong enough ? 
 and if latham got to iona ... iona cut her gaze to sean . 
 she studied him a moment , then gave a curt nod . 
 `` we meet at midnight . '' 
 no . 
 jamie hurried toward her . 
 he leaned over the bed and had to fight to keep his hands off iona . 
 do n't touch her when your claws are out . 
 you can hurt her . 
 `` i 'll go after him myself . 
 you do n't need - '' `` i was supposed to be the instrument of your vengeance . '' 
 she pushed from the bed . 
 walked right by him . 
 `` and now you do n't want to use me ? '' 
 the blood memories . 
 so she had gotten them all while she slept . 
 no more hiding . 
 his shoulders stiffened . 
 `` you know . '' 
 her burning gaze touched on him and said that she did . 
 `` good , '' he told her and meant it . 
 `` because i do n't want any more lies or secrets between us . 
 i was an idiot then . 
 i did n't know you , and i thought-i thought who you were did n't matter . '' 
 but she 'd gotten under his skin . 
 into his very blood and soul . 
 `` you matter , '' he said , the words too simple . 
 a furrow appeared between her eyes . 
 `` you expect me to believe - '' he hated that he had an avid audience watching his every word . 
 jeez , could sean not give them some privacy for an instant ? 
 `` i expect you to believe that i was an idiot . 
 i was bent only on getting my own justice , and i did n't realize the cost to you . '' 
 her breath seemed to come faster . 
 her eyes blazed . 
 `` you tied us together . 
 for me to live , i 'll have to keep taking your blood . '' 
 shame burned through him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i - '' she waved away his apology with an angry swipe of her hand . 
 `` and you think i 'd just let you waltz out there and face latham alone ? 
 if he kills you , i 'm dead , too . '' 
 he realized the enormity of just what he 'd done to her . 
 like an apology was gon na cut it . 
 `` i do n't plan on dying . 
 i 'll kill him , and when this is over ... '' `` what ? 
 we 'll stay together , because you 've bound us ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'll give you as much blood as you need , anytime you want it . 
 you do n't have to stay with me . 
 you can ... '' he stopped and cleared his throat . 
 i want her with me . 
 but he wanted her happiness more . 
 `` you can go anywhere you want , '' jamie forced himself to say , `` do anything you want , and i 'll make sure the blood is always sent to you . '' 
 he 'd be her personal donor , for as long as she wanted . 
 forever . 
 she closed in on him and put her hand on his chest . 
 right over the heart that just seemed to beat only for her now . 
 `` and what about you ? 
 if you do n't get my blood , you wo n't be the all powerful werewolf that you so desperately want to be . '' 
 `` he also wo n't live forever without your blood , '' sean pointed out as he crept closer to them . 
 his voice was controlled now , but jamie knew the control was an act . 
 i 'm sorry , sean . 
 he 'd kept the secret about sean 's parents for too long . 
 but if he 'd told sean the truth back then , the guy would have gone after latham . 
 and gotten killed . 
 sean was just a foot away now . 
 shoulders up . 
 head back . 
 eyes too determined . 
 `` all my research showed - '' iona 's head jerked toward him . 
 `` research ? 
 what research ? '' 
 sean 's face reddened . 
 `` there 's ... ah ... a few mated werewolf and vampire couples these days . 
 when they share blood , they stop aging . 
 we even found one couple that had been together for seventy years , and the werewolf does n't look a day over twenty-five . '' 
 iona 's gaze came back to jamie . 
 so much suspicion in that gaze . 
 he hated that look . 
 i want her trust . 
 she did n't appear to be in the mood to give it to him . 
 `` so as long as you have my blood , you get to live forever , huh ? 
 i 'm betting your brother , '' iona said the word like the curse it was , `` knew all this , too . 
 that 's why he just would n't take my hell , no for an answer when he asked me to mate with him . '' 
 `` i 'm killing him ... '' latham would never touch her again . 
 `` no , i 'll do that . 
 i can fight my own battles , and pick my own mate . '' 
 a mate that is n't you . 
 he knew exactly what she meant . 
 his fingers lifted . 
 curled around the hand that she still had pressed over his heart . 
 `` it is n't just your battle . 
 he took my family . '' 
 `` mine f ** kin ' , too , '' sean snarled . 
 jamie flinched . 
 iona 's small , pink tongue slid over her bottom lip . 
 `` i-i know . '' 
 her gaze darted to sean . 
 jamie saw the sympathy in her stare , then her stare returned to him . 
 `` i wo n't let him keep hurting and torturing . 
 i will stop him . '' 
 then , he confessed his shame , `` as i should have stopped him years ago . '' 
 because if he had , then none of this would ever have happened . 
 his parents ' deaths . 
 the slaughter of the wolves in their pack . 
 her imprisonment . 
 `` i wo n't walk away this time . '' 
 he was alpha now . 
 he 'd been ten when latham killed sean 's family . 
 jamie 's father had n't believed his tale . 
 he 'd said it was a child 's wild imagination . 
 latham had been furious with jamie for trying to reveal his slaughter . 
 his brother had found him , separated him from the others ... as soon as i 'm alpha , i 'll take your head , brother . 
 latham 's threat had whispered through his head so many nights when he 'd been a child . 
 but now ... i 'm coming to take your head , latham . 
 jamie had fought to be strong . 
 he had his wolf , a fierce , powerful beast that knew how to battle . 
 how to survive . 
 how to conquer . 
 and his blood had woken iona . 
 only an alpha 's blood could have woken her . 
 he was an alpha . 
 the power was inside of him , as it had always been . 
 maybe that was why latham had hated him so much . 
 maybe his brother had known that , one day , the life-or-death battle would come between them as they fought for dominance . 
 that day is now . 
 `` i thought you were different . '' 
 iona 's voice was so soft now . 
 not soft because of sadness , but because of the fury he saw blazing in her eyes . 
 `` why could n't you have been different ? '' 
 `` i am different . '' 
 he pressed her hand harder against his chest . 
 `` i 'll prove that to you . '' 
 but she laughed and the sound cut into him . 
 `` there 's nothing to prove . 
 i 'm in your blood , wolf . 
 i know you . '' 
 he pressed his lips to hers . 
 kissed her hard and deep and wild . 
 kissed her with all of the consuming passion and lust that he felt for her . 
 `` and you 're in mine , '' he gritted out against her lips . 
 `` i feel like you 're a part of me . '' 
 sean cursed and backed the hell away from them . 
 jamie 's gaze searched hers . 
 her breath heaved but she did n't speak . 
 he did . 
 `` you 're a part that i did n't even know was missing ... the best part of me . '' 
 his heart . 
 then , because it was what he had to do , jamie stepped away from her . 
 he turned to face sean . 
 `` i 'm sorry about your parents . 
 i did n't tell you ... because i knew you . 
 even at six , you would have challenged him . 
 you would have died . '' 
 he had n't been powerful enough to save sean . 
 not then . 
 and he 'd kept the secret , kept it for so many years , because latham 's power had just continued to grow . 
 jamie had n't wanted to risk his best friend 's life . 
 he 'd protected him the only way he knew how ... by staying silent . 
 it was n't a time for silence any longer . 
 it was a time for vengeance . 
 jamie exhaled slowly . 
 `` if latham said midnight , then we 're getting there as soon as night falls . 
 we 're not going to give him a chance to set a trap . '' 
 they were only going to let latham die . 
 `` of course , there 's going to be a trap , '' iona said , but her voice was n't quite steady . 
 `` with latham , there 's always a trap . 
 werewolves in the shadows , vamps ready to betray their own kind , witches with their spells ... '' `` he does n't have a witch this time , '' jamie pointed out with a fast glance her way . 
 `` so there 's no power for him there . '' 
 `` is n't there ? '' 
 iona asked as she swept past him . 
 `` latham does n't make mistakes when it comes to battle . 
 he killed brian , yes , but i 'm betting that was only because he 'd already found another witch who was more powerful . 
 a witch he 'll try to use against us in our midnight battle . '' 
 the kick in his gut told jamie that she was right . 
 `` so we need to be ready to fight that witch with our own magic . '' 
 from the corner of his eye , jamie saw the flames begin to dance over iona 's hands . 
 `` and when it comes to magic , this time , i will be holding my own . '' 
 the flames flared higher . 
 jamie 's eyes met iona 's . 
 the gold in her gaze matched the flames . 
 beautiful . 
 death had never been so gorgeous . 
 latham was a fool . 
 against them , he 'd have no chance . 
 time for his brother to die . 
 chapter seven `` i want you to bite me . '' 
 iona blinked at the low , growling words . 
 they were inside the heavy walls that had once surrounded her old home , and the scent of ash teased her nose , a reminder of the fire and death she 'd dealt earlier . 
 her head turned so that she faced jamie . 
 sean was about fifty yards away , perched carefully at the top of the west side wall . 
 a group of trees grew near the wall , partially concealing sean as he watched ... and held a rifle equipped with silver bullets . 
 `` my blood can increase your power , '' jamie told her as his gaze searched hers . 
 `` you know it can . 
 a werewolf 's blood can amp you up for the battle . '' 
 so it could . 
 the blood of paranormals always seemed to pulse with power . 
 and she would love to have more power before she faced off against latham but ... `` if i take more from you , then you 'll just grow weak before the fight . '' 
 a muscle flexed along his jaw . 
 `` not if you give me your blood , too . '' 
 an exchange . 
 to make them both stronger . 
 yes , they needed it , but for some reason , when he asked for her blood , it made her feel ... used . 
 so she narrowed her eyes and told him , `` the first time i f ** ked you , i did it because i wanted to make latham angry . 
 i wanted him to catch your scent on me . 
 i wanted him to know that i was giving my body to someone else . '' 
 anyone else . 
 not just - jamie shook his head . 
 `` when you lie , a faint line appears right ... '' he tapped his finger between her brows . 
 `` here . '' 
 iona was so shocked she almost fell onto her ass . 
 as it was , she barely managed to keep crouching next to him without lunging for the jerk . 
 `` i 'm not lying ! '' 
 she was the blood queen . 
 like she 'd have some easy tell that gave away her lies . 
 he stroked the spot between her brows . 
 `` there it is again . '' 
 sonofabitch . 
 she had a tell . 
 all these centuries , and no one had mentioned it to her before ? 
 wonderful . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he said as if reading her mind , `` i doubt anyone else noticed . 
 i just know because i can never seem to take my eyes off you . '' 
 his hand fell away . 
 `` just so we 're clear , i made love with you the first time because i wanted you more than i wanted breath . 
 that 's the same reason i did the second time , too . 
 and the reason i 'll do it every chance i get . '' 
 arrogant wolf . 
 `` i did want to piss off latham . '' 
 but ... more ... time for her truth . 
 `` i also just wanted you . '' 
 his eyes seemed to darken . 
 `` is that what you needed to hear ? '' 
 she demanded , angry . 
 `` that you could make the blood queen want - '' `` i do n't really give a shit about the blood queen , '' he said , the irish thickening in his voice . 
 `` i care about iona . 
 she 's the one i want . 
 not some evil queen who is supposed to give little kids nightmares . '' 
 nightmares ? 
 really ? 
 `` i want to give you my blood now because i want to make sure you 're as strong as you can be . 
 and , no , '' he muttered , `` you do n't have to give me yours . 
 just take mine . 
 just ... be strong . 
 i do n't want latham to ever hurt you again . '' 
 the wolf was sure acting like he actually cared about what happened to her . 
 and she did need his blood . 
 iona lifted his hand to her mouth . 
 her fangs sank into his wrist , and the image of them-in that horrible room , her on the bed , him leaning over her-flashed in her mind . 
 then his blood slipped over her tongue-warm , spicy , that delicious taste that was only jamie-and her eyes locked with his . 
 she did n't see calculation in his gaze . 
 no secrets . 
 just desire . 
 his power fueled her , heating her body from the inside out . 
 she drank , taking in that wonderful blood and power . 
 then her tongue licked over his skin as she tried to soothe the small marks that she 'd left behind . 
 her head lifted . 
 his taste was still in her mouth . 
 `` i 've never wanted another woman the way i want you . '' 
 gravel-rough , the words seemed torn from him . 
 `` and i 've never met another woman who was so far out of my reach . '' 
 she was less than a foot away from him . 
 `` if i had to do it all over again , i 'd find another way to break the spell . 
 i would n't force you to be bound to me . '' 
 she could n't help it . 
 iona laughed at that . 
 clueless werewolf . 
 `` you really think i 'm the one being forced ? '' 
 her hand lifted and curled under the hard square of his jaw . 
 `` i 'm over sixteen hundred years old . 
 i can stir fire with a thought . 
 i 'm about to turn your brother to ash ... '' she smiled at him and knew her fangs would flash . 
 `` you 're the one who 's going to be forced to stay with me , wolf . 
 do you actually believe i 'd ever let my blood supply get away ? '' 
 he blinked . 
 men . 
 always thinking it was all about them . 
 she shook her head and turned away . 
 he caught her hand . 
 held her tight . 
 `` love , the only way i 'd ever leave you ... you 'd have to tell me to leave . 
 cause otherwise , i 'd count myself lucky to be at your side . '' 
 she stilled . 
 then her heartbeat kicked up in a double-time rhythm . 
 jamie sounded as if he meant the words . 
 she stared into his eyes and searched for the truth . 
 he did mean them . 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 she asked him , barely recognizing the soft voice as her own . 
 `` everything . '' 
 just as soft , but his words were darker . 
 so deep . 
 `` but i 'll start with this ... give me a chance . 
 give us a chance . 
 let me show you that i 'm not just a beast . '' 
 she already knew that . 
 `` let me show you the man i can be . 
 let me - '' jamie broke off , his nostrils flaring . 
 then he spun away from her . 
 `` he 's here . '' 
 she had n't caught latham 's scent yet , but she 'd take jamie 's word for it . 
 her gaze darted to the big wall surrounding the old compound . 
 she saw the dark shadows scaling the stones , climbing over the wall . 
 coming for us . 
 iona counted at least a dozen forms . 
 `` vampires ... werewolves ... '' jamie 's claws were bursting from his hands as his shift started . 
 `` what we ... expected ... '' yes , it was . 
 now it was time to give latham what he did n't expect . 
 she barred her throat to jamie . 
 `` bite . '' 
 his eyes were more beast than man . 
 `` you do n't ... '' he still tried to speak with a man 's voice . 
 `` i want you to drink . '' 
 his hand lifted . 
 his claws seemed to tremble , then he sliced lightly over her skin . 
 his dark head lowered . 
 his tongue rasped over her wound . 
 she shuddered against him . 
 her eyes closed . 
 his lips brushed over her . 
 his claws were at her waist , but he was so careful not to hurt her . 
 latham had never been careful with anyone or anything . 
 a shot echoed through the night . 
 she knew the sound had to come from sean as he took out prey with his silver bullets . 
 those werewolves fighting with latham had picked the wrong side . 
 their mistake . 
 sean had chosen a position of his own on top of the west wall . 
 a position that let him take out his prey as he wanted , picking them off with his silver bullets , one at a time . 
 `` get away from her ! '' 
 latham 's enraged roar . 
 showtime . 
 `` you bastard , that 's my queen ! '' 
 jamie 's tongue licked over her flesh once more . 
 a rough caress . 
 then he was pulling back . 
 gazing at her with a gaze that burned with emotions she did n't want to name . 
 `` no , '' he said , voice thundering out just as powerfully as his brother 's . 
 `` she 's mine . '' 
 then he whirled toward latham . 
 the two brothers charged at one another . 
 shifting werewolves were on the ground , some in pain because silver bullets had ripped into them , some were just contorting from the force of their transformations . 
 and the vampires who 'd sold their loyalty to latham were there , standing back because they 'd caught sight of her . 
 she heard their whispers ... `` blood queen ... '' `` she 's back ... '' `` back and pissed , '' iona clarified , letting her voice ring out and not glancing over at latham and jamie even as the scent of blood deepened in the air . 
 `` so come closer , and try to take me down , if you think you 're strong enough . '' 
 then she crooked her index finger at them , daring the fools to come and get her . 
 because she needed them closer . 
 they had to be close for her fire to reach them . 
 just a little closer ... a tall , red-headed vampire made the mistake of lunging for her . 
 when he was within range of her power , she tossed a ball of fire right at his chest . 
 he hit the ground , screaming and rolling as he tried to put out a fire that just would n't be stopped . 
 only she could stop those flames . 
 iona was n't in the mood to stop them . 
 the other vampires froze . 
 `` who 's next ? '' 
 iona challenged . 
 bones crunched behind her . 
 more shifting wolves . 
 she turned and saw a big , gray wolf rushing toward her . 
 a shot thundered out . 
 the wolf fell , a silver bullet embedded in his spine . 
 there was a shout then , and iona saw sean jump down from his position on the wall . 
 he attacked , fighting the wolves that had come for him . 
 he was fighting-and winning his battle . 
 iona 's gaze darted to the right . 
 sean and latham were n't in human form any longer . 
 two big , fierce black wolves were fighting , tangled in claws and teeth and blood . 
 the wolves-they looked just alike to her . 
 she was n't sure which wolf was winning the battle ... or which wolf was jamie . 
 `` i 'm next ! '' 
 a woman 's voice shouted . 
 `` and i 'm not afraid of that bitch ! '' 
 you should be . 
 the line of vamps parted . 
 a woman rushed forward . 
 a small woman with long , curly , brown hair . 
 she smirked at iona and fire rose above the woman 's delicate palm . 
 `` see ? 
 i can do it , too . '' 
 ah , so this was the new witch that latham had picked up . 
 being right felt so good . 
 `` i 'm not drugged this time . '' 
 iona felt she should point out that little fact . 
 the witch frowned . 
 `` that 's how latham 's first witch got the advantage . 
 the drugs in my system slowed me down ... '' iona threw her flames at the woman . 
 the witch 's hair caught fire , and the woman screamed as she stumbled back . 
 `` i 'm not slow now ... and lady , i 'm a hell of a lot stronger than you ! '' 
 the witch-minus a whole lot of hair-ran away , shrieking . 
 easy enough . 
 too easy . 
 must be slim-pickings when it came to magic power these days . 
 iona lifted her hands into the air . 
 it was time to send a message to the paranormals out there . 
 she did n't want to be looking over her shoulder , worried that others would come and hunt her . 
 they needed to be too afraid to even whisper her name . 
 blood queen . 
 she could be her , again , in order to be free . 
 `` run , '' she ordered the fools still around her . 
 `` or die . '' 
 then she called up the magic inside , letting it whip through her and form a circle of fire , a bright ring that closed around her and the two black wolves that fought a life-or-death battle . 
 everyone else was on the outside , and the fire snapped out at those vampires and werewolves , attacking with greedy tendrils of flame that ignited flesh and sent shrieks into the night . 
 most ran . 
 they would be the ones to spread the new story of the blood queen 's rebirth . 
 as for the ones who did n't run ? 
 the slow ? 
 the idiots who still thought they could kill her ? 
 they died . 
 and then there was only iona ... in the circle with her wolves . 
 she could kill them both with a thought . 
 send the fire ripping at them but ... iona did n't want jamie to die . 
 which wolf ? 
 she needed to see their eyes . 
 their scents were too linked then-they were too close to each other . 
 there was too much blood . 
 if she could just look into the wolves ' eyes , she 'd know her lover . 
 the claws of one wolf shoved into his opponent 's stomach . 
 a long , mournful howl filled the night . 
 the injured beast heaved on his side and slowly , slowly began to transform . 
 the fur melted from his body . 
 familiar , golden flesh emerged once more . 
 she knew the strong line of that jaw . 
 knew the heavy slash of those cheeks . 
 the other beast snarled into the air , a cry of fury and dominance . 
 then the beast turned to face iona . 
 not jamie 's eyes . 
 but then , she 'd already known her lover was the one bleeding out on the ground . 
 she lifted her hands and tossed as much fire as she could at latham . 
 she wanted that bastard to burn . 
 only , he did n't burn . 
 the flames just sank into his thick fur and disappeared . 
 tendrils of smoke drifted into the air . 
 the snap and crunch of his bones reached her ears . 
 he shifted before her , a fast , brutal shift . 
 she could n't see jamie 's body behind him . 
 was jamie still alive ? 
 and why did it feel like someone had ripped out her heart ? 
 `` i 've got so much of your blood pumping in me , '' latham snarled as he closed in on iona and grabbed her wrists . 
 his hold was rough , too strong , so painful it felt like he was about to break her bones . 
 `` thanks to all that blood , your magic ca n't hurt me , iona . 
 nothing can anymore . '' 
 the fire sure could n't . 
 but she was n't about to give up yet . 
 `` then let 's just see what my teeth can do ... '' and she sank her fangs into his throat . 
 his blood burned her , going down as hot as acid on her tongue , but she did n't let him go . 
 she 'd drain him , if that was her only way and - he screamed and pulled away from her . 
 no , he did n't pull away . 
 jamie had snatched latham back . 
 because her jamie was n't dead . 
 he was on his feet and he 'd spun latham around to face him ... spun him around and , as she watched , jamie shoved his claws into his brother 's chest . 
 `` she was the distraction , '' jamie whispered as he let his brother stagger away from him . 
 `` you should have made sure i was dead . '' 
 latham 's head swung toward her . 
 he shook his head even as blood pumped from his chest . 
 `` i 'm ... immortal . '' 
 `` not anymore you 're not , '' iona told him . 
 jamie had been right . 
 latham was still too fixated on her . 
 fixated enough to make a fatal mistake . 
 he 'd turned his back on a werewolf who wanted his blood . 
 latham 's teeth snapped together . 
 `` you wo n't ... live ... without ... me ! '' 
 he rushed toward iona . 
 and jamie 's claws slashed over his brother 's throat even as the thunder of a gun echoed and a bullet slammed into latham 's chest . 
 sean ... doing his job and avenging his parents . 
 overkill could be a good thing . 
 iona slowly walked around latham 's body . 
 jamie stood over his brother , chest heaving , and with blood dripping from his claws . 
 `` looks like i 'm still living just fine , '' iona murmured to the dead werewolf . 
 she was living , and latham had finally gotten just what he deserved . 
 his eyes were wide open . 
 his face twisted in horrified disbelief . 
 he truly had n't thought that he 'd die . 
 he 'd been wrong . 
 she stared down into his eyes . 
 she could still see the madness there . 
 even in death . 
 `` i went to latham ... '' it seemed like another life . 
 maybe because it was . 
 `` because i wanted to form a truce between the vampires and the werewolves . 
 i did n't want more bloodshed . '' 
 when blood was all they had around them . 
 she looked away from latham . 
 stared up at jamie . 
 `` i wish you 'd been in the pack when i came calling . '' 
 `` so do i. '' her head tilted as she studied him . 
 `` what would you have done ? '' 
 `` loved you from the start . '' 
 she blinked and shook her head . 
 `` no , you - '' `` i know you do n't love me , iona . '' 
 they were standing over his brother 's body . 
 it was n't a place to talk about love . 
 not the right place . 
 not the right time . 
 there was too much death here . 
 too many memories . 
 and she would n't lie . 
 `` i do n't know what i feel for you . '' 
 at that moment , she just felt ... relieved . 
 one less monster to face . 
 finally , she was free . 
 latham would never hurt her again . 
 free . 
 jamie 's gaze held her own . 
 `` do you think , '' he asked her softly , `` that one day , you might ? '' 
 her eyes wanted to sting with tears . 
 tears , from the blood queen ? 
 what had happened to her ? 
 maybe it was the place . 
 the echoes of pain and sadness . 
 get away . 
 she could n't be there any longer . 
 or maybe ... maybe it was jamie . 
 he was asking for things that she was n't sure that she could give to him . 
 fifteen years ... gone . 
 she wanted to see the world again . 
 see what had changed . 
 learn how she 'd changed . 
 she could n't talk to him about love then . 
 she needed her freedom . 
 a freedom that their bond had taken away . 
 iona spun around , giving him her back . 
 then she began to walk away , from latham and from jamie . 
 every step that she took tore at her heart . 
 what was she supposed to feel for jamie ? 
 everything had happened too soon . 
 love could n't come this way for her . 
 she needed time . 
 time was stolen from me . 
 now i have to learn to live again . 
 good thing that she was a vampire . 
 time was on her side . 
 always . 
 `` iona ! '' 
 jamie 's cry stopped her . 
 not because he yelled after her with fury or desperation . 
 but because he said her name with ... love . 
 maybe he 'd been saying it that way for a while now , and she just had n't noticed . 
 he 'd stopped calling me ` baby ' and he 'd been calling me ` love . ' '' 
 her throat ached . 
 she glanced back at him . 
 he had n't moved . 
 he was n't trying to stop her from leaving him . 
 maybe because jamie knew that she 'd have to come back to him , sooner or later . 
 the blood would always bind them . 
 `` do you think you ever might ? '' 
 jamie said the words softly , with blood on his flesh , with his claws out , and with his eyes so fierce and bright . 
 she needed to give him an answer . 
 iona just was n't sure what to say . 
 so she did n't speak , but , almost helplessly , she found herself nodding . 
 it was a small movement , and she was n't even sure he noticed it . 
 then she saw the hope on his face and knew that he had . 
 `` but i ca n't stay with you because we have to be together . '' 
 she 'd come to hate him then , just as he 'd hate her if she forced him to stay at her side . 
 `` it should be ... we should be together because that 's what we want . 
 because anything else is unthinkable to us . '' 
 that was why she had to get away then . 
 latham was dead . 
 the battle over . 
 now she had to figure out what the hell she wanted . 
 what she needed . 
 so with her head up and her back straight , she began walking once more . 
 she passed by the dead . 
 passed a silent sean . 
 she did n't let her tears fall . 
 after all , she truly was the daughter of a king , and she would n't let anyone see her break . 
 not sean . 
 and not even the one man who 'd managed to touch a heart she 'd long thought was ice-cold . 
 chapter eight `` are you sure that you 're ready for this ? '' 
 the witch stood over jamie , a silver knife gripped in his hand . 
 the tip of that knife burned molten . 
 `` it 's going to hurt like a bitch , '' the witch warned then the guy gave a long whistle . 
 `` i sure as hell hope the woman is worth it . '' 
 jamie gritted his teeth . 
 ray was a smart-ass , some witch that sean had literally dug up from a hole in mexico , but the guy knew his magic . 
 well , his dark magic anyway . 
 and he knew how to break the bond that locked jamie 's blood to iona 's . 
 two months . 
 two long f ** king months had passed since she 'd walked away from him in la. . 
 he knew where she was , of course , because it was n't easy to overlook a woman like her . 
 he 'd sent his blood sent to her . 
 werewolf take-out . 
 but he had n't gone to her , because he could n't offer her the one thing that she needed . 
 choice . 
 he 'd taken that from iona when he gave her his blood . 
 i ca n't stay with you because we have to be together . 
 her voice haunted his nights . 
 and his days . 
 it should be ... we should be together because that 's what we want . 
 because anything else is unthinkable to us . 
 anything else was unthinkable to him , and without her , he was going insane . 
 slowly , moment-by-brittle-moment insane . 
 he needed her . 
 he wanted her . 
 and , hell , yeah , he 'd get his heart cut out for her . 
 not because you have to be with me . 
 once the spell was broken , she could stay because that was what she wanted to do . 
 `` you have to sever the bond to free your vampire . '' 
 ray looked a little too comfortable holding that knife three inches above jamie 's chest . 
 sean stood in the background muttering once more about bad ideas and wrong choices . 
 the same song he 'd been singing when they first went to wake up iona . 
 `` am i gon na live through this ? '' 
 jamie asked the witch . 
 ray frowned at that . 
 `` you expect to live ? '' 
 he seemed surprised . 
 `` i thought it was just about her living . '' 
 he began to lower the knife . 
 `` i ca n't make any guarantees for you . '' 
 sean lunged forward and grabbed ray 's wrist . 
 `` guarantee it . '' 
 lethally soft . 
 ray swallowed . 
 jamie stared at the tip of the knife . 
 `` i-i ... he should survive . 
 it will hurt , probably worse than anything he 's ever felt , but he 'll live ... and his vampire will be free . '' 
 that was what he needed to know . 
 `` cut me , '' jamie ordered and his hands fisted , pulling against the heavy chains that held him place . 
 silver chains that ray insisted were necessary . 
 not a good sign . 
 but at least he 'd stopped feeling the burn from those chains now . 
 jamie closed his eyes . 
 pictured iona . 
 his beautiful queen . 
 then the knife stabbed into his chest , bringing the fires of hell , and he roared her name . 
 *** pain exploded in her chest . 
 burning , white-hot , twisting and cutting and tearing into her flesh . 
 iona opened her mouth to scream but found she did n't have any breath . 
 the smell of burning flesh filled her nose even as bile rose in her throat . 
 what is happening to me ? 
 she 'd been on her way to find jamie . 
 she 'd discovered a witch who knew a way to break their bond . 
 only ... another burst of pain had her nearly on her knees . 
 iona screamed and realized that another cry had echoed her own . 
 her head lifted as sweat soaked her clothes . 
 she stared at the house before her , the one nestled off the main road and hiding in the shadow of thick trees . 
 jamie 's house . 
 the roar she 'd heard , it had been her name . 
 his voice . 
 iona forced her body to straighten . 
 jamie . 
 fear and adrenaline rushed through her . 
 another pain-filled roar shook the night , and she ran forward . 
 iona kicked in the house 's front door . 
 two men-probably werewolves-turned and lunged at her . 
 she knocked them back and followed the echo of that roar down a hallway . 
 then to the right . 
 another kick and the door before her flew off its hinges . 
 a man whirled toward her . 
 some guy with too-long red hair . 
 he had a long , wickedly sharp knife in his hand . 
 the blade was glowing red . 
 jamie was on a table , chained . 
 smoke rose slowly from his flesh . 
 `` what are you doing to him ? '' 
 iona leapt for him . 
 someone grabbed her from behind . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 a familiar voice shouted in her ear . 
 `` he 's a witch , he 's breaking the bond and - '' and she tossed sean into the nearest wall . 
 iona advanced on the witch . 
 `` you 're hurting him . '' 
 us . 
 she rubbed her own aching chest . 
 `` you 're dead . '' 
 she raised her hands . 
 let the fire burn . 
 `` oh , shit , '' the man muttered with eyes that had doubled in size . 
 `` no ! '' 
 jamie 's snarl . 
 her head snapped toward him . 
 surely he was n't protecting his attacker ? 
 `` it 's ... almost ... finished ... '' sweat soaked his body . 
 the brightness of his eyes had dimmed . 
 `` one more slice , and you 're free . '' 
 she pushed the man-now she knew he was a witch-away and rushed to jamie 's side . 
 when she saw his chest , she had to bite her lip to hold back her own scream of fury . 
 it looked like the skin had been branded , a dark , fierce red . 
 but she knew the knife was enchanted and the branding was n't just on the surface . 
 the brand would go all the way around his heart . 
 no , not all the way , not yet . 
 jamie had said that he needed one more slice . 
 the floor creaked behind her . 
 iona spun around and grabbed the knife from the witch 's hands . 
 `` do it , '' jamie urged her . 
 `` finish it . 
 be free ... then you can come back to me . '' 
 `` the witch was cutting out your heart ! '' 
 she 'd found her own witch , a woman who told her this could be done , that this was the way to sever the tie between them . 
 take out the heart and the bond is broken . 
 `` no . '' 
 jamie shook his head and jerked on the chains . 
 silver chains . 
 the fool werewolf had let himself be locked down with silver chains . 
 `` i 'll still live , '' jamie told her . 
 `` ray 's not actually taking my heart - '' yes , yes , she knew how the magic worked . 
 the enchanted blade both cut and healed at the same time . 
 the witch would cut a circle around the heart , severing its connection to the body . 
 then , in the next instant , the blade would burn and heal-reconnecting the heart with magic . 
 the severing and healing would continue until a full circle had been cast around the heart . 
 brutal . 
 hellish . 
 iona knew that the agony she 'd felt was just a psychic echo of the pain that he 'd experienced . 
 her witch had warned her of that , too . 
 when one is sacrificed , the other will feel the whisper of the pain . 
 just a whisper . 
 the real agony is a hundred times stronger than that whisper . 
 `` a spell . '' 
 she glared at the knife . 
 `` the knife cuts through the magic that binds you , but he still lives . '' 
 did the witch think those words would make her feel better ? 
 she knew their hearts were linked . 
 the blood pumping from her heart linked to the blood pumping from his . 
 to cut their ties , a heart had to be severed . 
 and jamie , he was willing to face the agony , for her ? 
 she licked her lips . 
 felt tears on her cheeks . 
 not about breaking . 
 about living . 
 `` you 're not like latham . '' 
 he stared up at her . 
 his face was too pale . 
 her wolf looked too weak . 
 `` told ... you ... '' she snapped the knife and let the pieces fall from her fingers . 
 the witch gasped and got the hell back . 
 sean had picked himself off the floor . 
 he stood back , too . 
 smart guy . 
 she grabbed the chain around jamie 's right wrist . 
 shattered the heavy silver . 
 did the same with the links that bound his left hand . 
 `` i can feel you ... '' iona told him , and brought his hand to rest over her heart , `` in here . '' 
 even when they were apart , she felt him . 
 like a caress in her soul , she could feel him touching her . 
 his gaze searched hers . 
 `` you let him come at you with that knife ... '' well , the witch would n't be comingagain since she 'd destroyed his knife . 
 `` he would have cut me out of your heart . '' 
 and taken you from mine . 
 jamie rose . 
 the back of his hand slid down her cheek , and she turned her face to better feel his touch . 
 `` nothing will ever take you from my heart , '' he told her . 
 the words sounded like a promise . 
 he 'd been willing to suffer so much ... for her . 
 jamie sucked in a deep breath . 
 `` i can ... i can still send you the blood . 
 i can do whatever you want ... '' `` kiss me . '' 
 he frowned , then shook his head . 
 she put her hands on his shoulders . 
 those shoulders of his seemed even bigger than before . 
 i missed him . 
 `` i want you to kiss me , jamie . '' 
 his mouth took hers . 
 ravenous and wild with its hunger . 
 the same hunger that she felt . 
 tears pricked at her eyes . 
 she 'd lived so long and had never expected to find a man who looked at the blood queen and ... loved . 
 he loves me . 
 so she kissed him back . 
 hot , eager , their mouths met . 
 she did n't care about the others in the room . 
 they did n't matter . 
 nothing , no one mattered to her except him . 
 his arms locked around her . 
 he pulled her close , right between his legs as they hung over the edge of the table . 
 his mouth was feverish on hers , his hands seeming to touch her everywhere . 
 `` missed you ... '' jamie growled the words against her lips . 
 then his head rose . 
 he stared at her with the eyes of a beast in the face of a man . 
 `` you 're ... giving us a chance ? '' 
 she had to shake her head , and when she did , pain flashed in his gaze . 
 iona spoke quickly , desperate to make him understand as she said , `` no , jamie , i 'm giving us more than a chance . '' 
 her shoe crunched over the remains of the knife . 
 `` i want to give us forever . '' 
 his hands tightened around her . 
 `` be ... sure . '' 
 `` i 've never been more sure of anything . '' 
 or anyone . 
 he 'd been willing to suffer such torture , for her . 
 and she 'd seen more of jamie 's secrets in her dreams . 
 him , watching her with not just lust , but longing . 
 him ... rushing through the day and night as he tracked her to la , desperate to find her before latham got to her . 
 she 'd seen a wolf run until he 'd his paws had bled . 
 watched through his eyes as jamie drove a truck like a madman until he 'd arrived outside the dark walls of her old home . 
 she 'd felt his fear ... until he 'd seen her . 
 her lips brushed over his once more . 
 he 'd woken her up , but not just from latham 's spell . 
 he 'd given her life again . 
 he 'd given her love , and it was exactly what she wanted . 
 no , he was what she wanted now . 
 not because they had to be together . 
 `` because anything else is unthinkable , '' she whispered . 
 and it was . 
 her body and soul had ached for him . 
 she needed him . 
 could n't imagine going another single day without her werewolf . 
 the door squeaked closed behind them , and she knew that sean had grabbed the witch and gotten out of there . 
 good . 
 because the blood queen had finally found her werewolf king , and she was n't letting him go . 
 not now . 
 not ever . 
 some bonds were n't meant to be broken . 
 `` forever , '' jamie said against her lips . 
 a demand . 
 her werewolf had just spoken true ... some bonds really were meant to last forever . 
 they kissed again . 
 she tasted the wildness of his beast . 
 the love of the man . 
 forever . 
