 chapter one some bodies just would n't stay buried-no matter how much dirt you shoved on top of them . 
 those bodies ... they just kept digging out of their graves . 
 and chasing a girl until she was so damn tired of running . 
 so tired that she 'd consider trading her own soul , just for a few moments of safety . 
 paige sloan stared up at the high stone walls of the werewolf compound . 
 it had been ten years since she 'd last been inside of those thick walls . 
 only she had n't been looking for protection back then . 
 she 'd been looking for love . 
 will he even remember me ? 
 paige stood there , trembling from the cold-she hated the bone-numbing cold of alaska-and then she heard footsteps coming her way . 
 strong . 
 determined . 
 she sucked in a deep breath and straightened her shoulders . 
 showtime . 
 she just had to play this bit right and get past the guards . 
 paige lifted her arms into the air . 
 `` i 'm not carrying a weapon ! '' 
 better to just go ahead and get that part out early . 
 werewolves could be too unpredictable . 
 she did n't want them attacking first , then trying to get answers from her cold , lifeless body later . 
 the gate opened with a screech . 
 two men came rushing out . 
 they were n't carrying weapons . 
 then again , they did n't need to carry extra firepower . 
 if they wanted , she knew those two men could shift into powerful wolves in an instant . 
 most humans did n't realize the truth about the world that surrounded them . 
 humans thought monsters were make-believe . 
 just stories to scare children in the darkness of the night . 
 if only . 
 paige knew monsters were real . 
 they were the nightmares that walked the earth . 
 `` vampire ... '' one of the men snarled the accusation at her , and just that quickly , his claws burst from his fingertips . 
 under the moonlight , she saw his nostrils flare and knew the guy had caught the scent that revealed her for exactly what she was . 
 a monster . 
 a vampire . 
 `` you want to die , vamp ? '' 
 the other guard demanded . 
 he was the taller of the two , with close-cropped , dark hair , and huge , hulking shoulders . 
 `` is that why you 're here ? '' 
 well , they were n't trying to rip her open yet , so that was a good sign . 
 paige cleared her throat and kept her hands up . 
 `` technically , i 've already died . '' 
 that was how she 'd become a vamp and - the smaller werewolf lunged at her . 
 smaller , but still wicked strong . 
 he wrapped his claws around her neck and snapped , `` you 're about to die again . '' 
 his dark eyes promised a world of pain . 
 she could do without that promise . 
 been there , done that . 
 not really interested in that scene again , thanks . 
 paige did n't fight his hold , not yet . 
 if things got desperate , then she 'd be the one delivering the pain . 
 but first ... `` drake ... '' she whispered the name that had haunted her memories and a small , icy cloud appeared before her mouth . 
 she ignored the cold and focused on what mattered right then . 
 she needed these wolves ... and their new alpha . 
 `` drake wyler . '' 
 the werewolf holding her leaned in even closer . 
 she could see that his blond hair was long , brushing his shoulders , and his face was all hard angles and lines . 
 `` what do you want with the alpha ? '' 
 this was the part that would be tricky . 
 slowly , because she did n't want to set the guys off , paige lifted the long necklace that had fallen to rest between her br ** sts . 
 she saw the blond werewolf 's eyes widen as he stared at the necklace . 
 stared at it-then hurriedly jumped the hell away from her . 
 that was right . 
 no other werewolves were supposed to touch her , not when ... `` i belong to him , '' paige said simply . 
 and in an instant , those werewolves started tripping over themselves as they hurried to open the gate for her . 
 sure , they might hate her kind , but as long as she had their alpha 's protection , they could n't touch her . 
 well , not if they wanted to keep living . 
 paige stared into that wolf compound . 
 dark . 
 dangerous . 
 but , hopefully , not as deadly as what waited behind her . 
 and if she could just get the alpha to overlook that little matter of her vanishing for ten years ... then maybe she 'd have a chance of surviving the coming days and nights . 
 maybe . 
 maybe not . 
 the werewolves took her into the heart of the compound . 
 right inside the big , three story house with heavy stone walls that stood starkly against the night . 
 they walked into the foyer , and the tap of her boots seemed to echo on the marble floor . 
 marble . 
 the wolves were kicking things up a notch . 
 normally , the vamps were the ones who liked to throw around their money . 
 she glanced down at her scuffed boots . 
 not that i ever had money to toss at anyone or anything . 
 but it looked like drake had plenty of money now . 
 and one big , fancy house . 
 this place was n't where she belonged , and soon enough , she 'd be leaving . 
 after she took care of a little business . 
 `` this way . '' 
 the werewolf on her right-the blond one who 'd wrapped his claws around her neck moments before-was pointing to the stairs . 
 she nodded quickly and followed him up those winding stairs . 
 then they hurried down a hallway . 
 turned around a corner . 
 as they headed down that quiet hallway , paige got a really , really bad feeling in the pit of her stomach . 
 `` are you taking me to drake 's office ? '' 
 the werewolf beside her , the dark-haired one , just grunted . 
 that bad feeling got worse . 
 this looked like private quarters to her . 
 like they were taking her - a door jerked open to her left . 
 and then , right there , bigger and even sexier than she remembered , with wide shoulders that brushed the edges of the doorframe , a muscled and bare chest , a wild curl of black hair , and eyes that blazed golden fire ... right there stood the werewolf alpha , drake wyler . 
 the man she 'd loved and lost before . 
 the man she needed now . 
 but at that moment , he stared at her with so much fury she almost felt the heat of his glittering gaze burn her skin . 
 `` paige . '' 
 her name was a growl of rage . 
 okay , so coming here had n't been the best idea but - his nostrils flared . 
 hell . 
 her whole body tensed . 
 with werewolves , their sense of smell was so strong that it only took one whiff to realize ... `` vampire . '' 
 the word was a curse . 
 she did n't flinch . 
 well , perhaps she did . 
 when he 'd known her before , his voice had always been softened with need , with love . 
 not hardened with deadly rage . 
 he grabbed her , not with his claws out , like the other werewolf had , but drake wrapped his hands around her shoulders and pulled her over the threshold of the room-and into his arms . 
 then he kissed her . 
 his lips pressed down on hers , and because she 'd wanted him , for so long , paige kissed him back . 
 her mouth opened beneath his . 
 her tongue met his , and the desire that only drake seemed to be able to stir burned through her . 
 her heart raced . 
 her hips arched toward him even as her ni ** les tightened against his chest . 
 one kiss ... and she craved . 
 it was the way it had always been with them . 
 she 'd never wanted anything more than she wanted him . 
 and she 'd never been meant to have anything less . 
 his tongue slid over her lower lip . 
 stroked into her mouth . 
 her wolf had become an even better kisser over the years . 
 seducing , taking , and making her want so much more . 
 making her - drake 's head lifted . 
 he stared down at her-with that strong , chiseled face that often slipped into her dreams , a face that had a few more fine lines now , but the same square jaw , the same high cheekbones , and the same sensual but slightly cruel lips . 
 his eyes blazed so brightly , and she could see the same raw lust she felt reflected in his stare . 
 the years had n't changed the way he felt . 
 he still needed , just as much as she did . 
 he still - `` guess that means she is yours ... '' the blond werewolf behind them muttered . 
 `` a vampire ... with a werewolf , how twisted is - '' drake pushed paige away and grabbed the wolf in one fast , brutal move . 
 `` i saw your claw marks on her throat . '' 
 paige lifted her hand and touched the skin . 
 she felt the light wetness of her own blood . 
 huh . 
 she had n't even noticed the sting . 
 after all she 'd experienced in the last ten years , what did few scratches matter ? 
 `` you do n't ever touch her . '' 
 drake tossed the guy down the hallway . 
 the smaller werewolf 's head thudded into a wall . 
 `` you come at her with your claws again , michael , and i 'll rip you open . '' 
 ah , all right , so drake thought that the scratches mattered . 
 she had n't remembered him being quite so blood-thirsty . 
 he swung back toward her . 
 the lust and fury were still battling in his eyes . 
 this was n't the man she 'd fallen for all those years ago . 
 the guy staring back at her-he was a primal wolf . 
 `` make sure no one disturbs me , '' drake ordered and he stalked back toward her . 
 she should speak . 
 say something . 
 she had n't said a word to the guy yet . 
 maybe she should start with something like ... hi , there , long time , no see . 
 you might wonder why i disappeared without a word . 
 i 've got a really good story to tell you . 
 more like a nightmare tale . 
 a nightmare that she 'd just brought to his door . 
 and the door closed behind him with a soft click . 
 her gaze flew around the room . 
 she 'd been right . 
 this was definitely a bedroom . 
 complete with one huge , rumpled bed . 
 but at least it looked like drake had been sleeping alone . 
 if there 'd been a she-wolf in there with him , paige might have just let her own claws out . 
 when he touched her , she jumped . 
 paige wanted to hide her fear , but being a werewolf , he could probably smell the scent on her . 
 werewolves had such damn superior senses . 
 better than anyone or anything else in the world . 
 his fingers brushed over the curve of her br ** sts . 
 the guy had to slow down . 
 this could n't happen . 
 not yet anyway . 
 they had to talk first . 
 `` drake , i - '' he lifted the necklace . 
 stared at the heavy gold etched with the carving of a wolf 's head . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` why are you wearing this ? '' 
 drake asked her , his voice the rumbling mix of darkness and lust that had always been able to make her yearn . 
 she was yearning already , but she pushed back the need and focused on what the guy was saying . 
 her necklace . 
 he 'd given it to her when she 'd turned nineteen . 
 the day he 'd told her what he really was . 
 werewolf . 
 that had been the day when her life had started to spiral out of control . 
 time to woman up and talk . 
 she swiped her tongue over her lips , tasted him , and managed to say , `` y-you told me ... you said a werewolf would never attack me if i wore it . '' 
 the necklace had been a sign of pack protection . 
 his strong , tanned fingers closed around the necklace . 
 then he yanked and broke the gold chain in one vicious tug that seemed to claw across her heart . 
 `` i told you , '' he said , voice even darker , `` that this necklace meant you belonged to me . '' 
 ah , right , that rage was burning so bright in him . 
 `` but then you left . '' 
 a muscle jerked in drake 's jaw . 
 `` disappeared . '' 
 paige backed up a step . 
 when a werewolf this big and angry was coming at you , a smart woman backed the hell up . 
 `` you vanished , '' his fingers had whitened around the necklace , `` when you were supposed to be mine . '' 
 yes , a human named paige sloan had promised to love him , always . 
 but then she 'd stopped being a human , and she 'd become the one thing that she knew he hated . 
 vampire . 
 `` you do n't taste like death , '' drake told her . 
 she flinched at the cold and brutal words . 
 werewolves always were saying that vamps smelled and tasted like death-that was one of their many insults . 
 so why had n't she expected that slam from him ? 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` and right now , you do n't look particularly furry . '' 
 she 'd never actually seen him shift . 
 she did n't want to , either . 
 paige squared her shoulders and held his gaze . 
 `` i guess we 're both full of surprises , huh ? '' 
 `` you can f ** king say that again . '' 
 her back teeth clenched together . 
 she had n't expected the guy to run to her , wrap her in his arms , and immediately swear his undying love . 
 she 'd let that dream die a long time ago . 
 but , jeez , did he want to rip her soul out or what ? 
 `` look , i know you are n't exactly happy to see me - '' he advanced . 
 she backed up once more . 
 the last thing she wanted was for him to put those big , warm hands of his on her again . 
 when he touched her , her body went into sexual overdrive . 
 she 'd gone way too long without a lover . 
 no one but him . 
 right . 
 too damn long . 
 but lust had to wait . 
 for now . 
 `` do you know how long i looked for you ? '' 
 drake demanded . 
 she could see the edge of his fangs . 
 probably not a good sign . 
 what was that saying in the vamp world ? 
 when you saw a wolf 's fangs , you were about to see hell . 
 he shook his head slowly and said , `` you vanished . '' 
 it was n't like she 'd wanted to leave him . 
 but he 'd been marked to be the next alpha of his pack and she 'd been - bitten . 
 `` i did n't think you wanted a vampire turning up on your doorstep . '' 
 some of her own anger-the anger she usually worked so hard to keep in check-broke through her fraying control . 
 `` even if i was a vamp that you used to screw . '' 
 he pounced . 
 she should have expected the move , but she 'd been around humans too long , and werewolves , damn , they could move fast . 
 in two seconds , he had her on his bed , sprawled amidst the covers , while he held her arms penned to the mattress . 
 `` you were n't a vampire then . '' 
 his muscled body pressed against her . 
 no , correction , his aroused body pressed against her . 
 there was no mistaking the bulge of his cock . 
 `` you were human then , '' he said , and his hold tightened around her . 
 `` not vampire , not - '' what she 'd been did n't matter . 
 `` i 'm a vampire now . '' 
 his sworn enemy . 
 only ... he still wanted her . 
 she 'd thought werewolves were supposed to be repulsed by her kind . 
 she 'd sure been told that often enough . 
 the voice from her nightmares whispered through her mind , saying , `` do you think he 'll ever want you again ? 
 one look , one taste ... as soon as he knows what you are , you 'll be dead . '' 
 and she would n't be able to rise again . 
 she waited to feel claws at her throat again . 
 because she did n't want to see this end , paige closed her eyes . 
 she 'd remember him as he used to be . 
 if only drake could remember her the same way . 
 some dreams just were n't meant to come true . 
 paige took a breath , tasted him-strength , power , man-and waited for her second death to come . 
 chapter two a ghost lay beneath him . 
 a ghost who 'd haunted more nightmares than drake could count . 
 she was as still as a statue , her features pale and perfect . 
 high , curving cheekbones , a small , pert nose , and lush , red lips made for sin . 
 her hair-dark as the night he 'd always loved-tangled around her face . 
 and she did n't move . 
 barely seemed to breathe . 
 why ? 
 `` do it , '' paige whispered , her voice still that same combination of sin and seduction that had driven him to the edge too many times in the past . 
 `` just ... make it fast . '' 
 he really hoped she was n't talking about sex . 
 with her , fast had n't ever been an option . 
 he 'd always needed to take her again and again , to erupt inside of her , to lose himself . 
 she lifted one eyelid just a bit . 
 her green gaze darted over him . 
 `` you 're not ... you 're not killing me ? '' 
 what . 
 the . 
 fuck . 
 it took every ounce of his will-power to hold back the rage that threatened to swamp him . 
 `` not yet , '' he managed to snarl . 
 paige trembled beneath him . 
 her slender body had trembled beneath his before , but back then , those little shivers had been from pleasure . 
 not fear . 
 he could all but smell the fear covering her . 
 he hated that smell on her . 
 `` how . '' 
 drake bit off the world . 
 how had she become a vampire ? 
 had she chosen this life ? 
 some humans wanted to be vampires . 
 they went out seeking the bite because they wanted to live forever . 
 fools . 
 the price of forever was a river of blood and death . 
 he had n't thought paige would be like those desperate humans . 
 he also had n't thought she 'd vanish and leave him aching for her-ten damn years . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' she told him and both of her eyes opened fully as she gazed up at him . 
 `` i ca n't change what i am . '' 
 the scent of her blood filled his nostrils . 
 when he got hold of michael again , he was gon na give that claw-happy werewolf some marks to remember him by . 
 you do n't touch her . 
 drake caught both of her wrists in his left hand and raised them over her head . 
 she was n't fighting him , and as a vampire , her delicate form was hiding one hell of a lot of strength . 
 she just stared up at him , reminding him of all the stupid dreams he 'd once had ... and lost . 
 he 'd almost left his pack for her . 
 he 'd wanted to be human . 
 for her . 
 but now , the beast was in charge . 
 there was no going back . 
 there was only blood , death , and darkness . 
 for both of them . 
 he gazed down at her , trying to figure out when she 'd stopped being human and become a vampire . 
 she 'd been nineteen the last time he saw her . 
 he 'd been twenty-one . 
 right then , paige 's skin was still flawless and pure , giving no hint to her real age . 
 what did her age matter ? 
 she was right . 
 there was no going back . 
 not for either of them . 
 `` are you going to glare at me all night ? '' 
 paige asked . 
 `` or do you want to know why i 'm here ? '' 
 why she was there ... and still wearing his medallion . 
 or she had been wearing it , until he 'd taken it from her neck . 
 it was on the floor now . 
 he 'd dropped it when he 'd pushed her onto the bed . 
 paige 's neck was bare , and ... why the hell did he want to bend down and lick her flesh ? 
 because i still want her . 
 more than breath . 
 more than life . 
 he saw her , and he needed . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he did n't lift his body off hers . 
 paige would feel his aroused flesh pressing against her . 
 so what ? 
 if she wanted a favor from him , she 'd pay the price he demanded . 
 and i demand her . 
 vampire or not , she was still his . 
 even death could n't change some things . 
 `` i 'm being hunted , '' she told him in that low , husky voice that made his c ** k swell even more . 
 he could just see the hint of her fangs behind her red lips . 
 the sight should have repulsed him . 
 it did n't . 
 `` if you do n't help me , i 'll die . '' 
 `` you 're already dead . '' 
 that knowledge made him feel as if his chest had been ripped open . 
 since paige had been human when he 'd known her before , she must have been made into a vampire . 
 a rare few , the purebloods , were actually born as vamps , but the rest of the parasites out there ? 
 they 'd been turned . 
 they were bled until the point of death , then brought back as a vampire . 
 drake would kill the one who 'd turned her . 
 he could n't wait to hear the vampire 's screams . 
 `` do n't say that , '' paige snapped at him , then she showed him just how strong she really was . 
 she twisted beneath him and yanked her hands free . 
 a fast roll sent them tumbling across the bed . 
 then she was on top of him . 
 her knees straddled his hips , and her hands slammed down against his chest . 
 `` i 'm as alive as you are ! '' 
 color stained her cheeks . 
 her breath heaved out . 
 for an instant , they just stared at each other . 
 then she grabbed his hand and shoved it against her br ** sts . 
 `` my heart still beats , '' she told him and he could feel the frantic beat beneath his hand . 
 that fast beat ... and that sweet , plump flesh . 
 paige was curved in all the right places . 
 `` i breathe , '' she told him and he heard the rush of her breath . 
 `` i feel . 
 more than you can imagine , all right ? 
 so stop treating me like shit ! '' 
 maybe if she 'd stop clawing his heart out ... but then , she was doing that just by breathing . 
 just by being there . 
 close enough to take ... so take her . 
 the growl was from his beast , one that was never far from the surface these days . 
 `` you want me to protect you . '' 
 he held the beast back , barely , because they had a deal to strike . 
 he knew how these bargains worked in the supernatural world . 
 so much could be bartered and exchanged . 
 flesh . 
 blood . 
 sex . 
 souls . 
 sure , humans might be shocked by a deal like this-but then , humans would be shocked to see a man turn into a wolf . 
 deal with it . 
 `` you came to me , to my pack , '' he said slowly , determined not to let his rage escape , not yet , `` because you want us to keep you safe . '' 
 and he would . 
 he - `` no . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 drake frowned . 
 if not for protection , then - `` i want you to kill the bastard after me . '' 
 her fangs seemed to lengthen . 
 `` i want you to rip his head off , and i want you to make damn sure that he never rises again . '' 
 never rises again . 
 `` you 've got a vampire you want me to fight . '' 
 he 'd grown used to battling them . 
 in this part of alaska , where the cold could creep straight to the bone , where darkness could reign for days and days ... this part was home to all manner of supernatural beasts . 
 the ones at the top of the food chain ? 
 the wolves ... and the vamps who kept trying to fight them for supremacy . 
 a supremacy they were n't ever getting . 
 `` i 've got a vampire i want you to behead . '' 
 her breath rushed out . 
 `` a vampire named gabe is the one who made me , he 's - '' drake 's claws burst from his fingertips and sliced into the bedding . 
 `` he 's f ** king already dead . '' 
 as far as drake was concerned , the vamp-gabe-had died the instant he put his fangs in paige . 
 her gaze held his , and he saw the worry there . 
 `` gabe is a pureblood . 
 he 's strong , he 's - '' `` no match for an alpha . '' 
 did n't she get it ? 
 he was n't the boy she 'd left behind . 
 he was a warrior . 
 a monster . 
 a walking nightmare . 
 since she 'd left him , he 'd seen more blood and hell than she could possibly imagine . 
 no , he 'd always known the blood and hell ... paige had been the only thing that had been good in his life . 
 sweet . 
 pure . 
 then she 'd left him , and he 'd gone back to the darkness . 
 she wo n't leave again . 
 he stared up at her . 
 he could move her easily enough , but he did n't want to do so . 
 he wanted to keep her just where she was , only he 'd like to remove a few of her clothes . 
 or all of them . 
 but business came first . 
 `` what will you do for me ? '' 
 drake demanded . 
 she blinked . 
 vampires were n't supposed to look so innocent . 
 `` i. . . 
 um ... '' he smiled and knew that his own sharpened teeth would flash . 
 `` death does n't come for free . 
 in the supernatural world , there 's always a price . '' 
 he heard the slight hitch of her breath . 
 `` and what do you want ? '' 
 you . 
 but he wanted to play the game longer and see just what she 'd offer him . 
 `` what have you got ? '' 
 her gaze fell to his chest , but while she was n't looking at him , her slender shoulders straightened in a move he remembered . 
 pride . 
 `` i have some money . 
 not much , but a few thousand that i can pay - '' drake laughed at that . 
 a hard , deep laugh that sent her bouncing on him . 
 really ? 
 a few thousand to take out a vamp ? 
 she did n't quite understand the paranormal market value . 
 most assassins would n't touch a vamp for less than fifty grand . 
 unless those assassins were werewolves . 
 sometimes we do those hits for free . 
 depending on the vamp ... and the blood and death that the bastard had left in his wake . 
 but she did n't need to know about the free hits . 
 that knowledge would n't work in his favor . 
 `` i can-i can fight with you . 
 help your pack . '' 
 her gaze rose to meet his and a light flush still covered her cheeks . 
 her voice had hardened , probably because she was pissed by his laughter . 
 `` having a vampire on your side would n't be a bad thing . '' 
 the laughter faded away and drake knew his gaze hardened as he said , `` i do n't want your strength . '' 
 she 'd always had strength , even as a human . 
 a solid core that had drawn him to her . 
 paige 's parents had both been killed when she was just thirteen . 
 they 'd only been in alaska for a little over a year before their accident . 
 her parents had promised her that they 'd all get a fresh start in america 's last frontier . 
 they 'd only gotten death . 
 after their funeral , he knew that she 'd bounced around the foster care system and never found a real home . 
 but all that pain , it had never weakened her . 
 wolves were attracted to strength . 
 `` then what do you want ? '' 
 did she realize that her nails were digging into his shoulders ? 
 the wolf inside growled . 
 he liked that . 
 time to take what he wanted . 
 drake stared up at her and said , `` i want to f ** k you . '' 
 endlessly . 
 again and again until the ache for her , that damn gnawing ache that had kept his body tense and hungry for her-for years-finally vanished . 
 she stared down at him . 
 swallowed . 
 and nodded . 
 chapter three so , what ? 
 did the wolf think that she was gon na pull some kind of shocked , oh , no , you ca n't have sex with me ! 
 routine on him ? 
 when she 'd been dreaming about him for so long ? 
 guess again , wolf . 
 if he beheaded that sick freak gabe and gave her the passion that she 'd been yearning for , well that was just win-win in her book . 
 but she did n't want to look too eager . 
 a girl had her pride , after all , and she 'd already had to come dragging into his compound looking for some werewolf strength . 
 paige swallowed back that eagerness and slowly said , `` well , i guess once we can - '' `` not once , sweet , not even close . '' 
 sweet . 
 he 'd called her that , so long before . 
 only then the word had drifted with affection , and not held the tight , tense edge that honed the endearment now . 
 `` h-how many times ? '' 
 so she could plan . 
 savor . 
 his eyes burned up at her . 
 his c ** k was also shoving right at the junction of her legs . 
 it was all she could do not to rub against him . 
 if she told him that there 'd never been anyone since him , drake would n't believe her . 
 even if the words were the truth . 
 her body was starving . 
 she was already wet for him . 
 just the touch of his hands had sent a shiver sliding over her . 
 she wanted more . 
 just how much more would she get ? 
 `` as many times as i want , '' drake told her , voice rough and dark . 
 `` until you ca n't breathe without feeling me on every inch of your body . '' 
 her ni ** les ached . 
 she wanted his hands on them . 
 his mouth . 
 did he smell her arousal ? 
 those wolves ... his lips curled in the faintest of smiles . 
 damn him , he did . 
 his hands rose and tangled in her hair . 
 he began to pull her toward him . 
 toward his mouth . 
 her heartbeat drummed in her ears . 
 they had a deal , and finally , she 'd have him . 
 his lips were so close . 
 she could already taste him on her tongue . 
 would taste him . 
 and he 'd taste her . 
 he 'd - a shrill alarm cut through the room . 
 sonofbitch . 
 she blinked , confused , aroused and - drake pushed her to the side of the bed and jumped to his feet . 
 `` stay here , '' he ordered and rushed for the door as the alarm kept shrieking . 
 stay ? 
 she was a vampire , not a dog . 
 paige jumped up and raced after him . 
 he was already thundering down the stairs . 
 more men and women were out now , all racing toward the main level of the house . 
 she joined them , and hoped no one decided to attack the vamp in their midst . 
 `` fire ! '' 
 someone shouted even as she caught the scent of smoke drifting in the air . 
 then they were shoving open the front doors and hurrying into the darkness that waited outside of the main house . 
 she saw the flames then , rising quickly , burning right up that thick wall that surrounded their compound . 
 red and gold flames , burning in a world of snow . 
 paige stumbled to a stop even as the wolves fought the blaze . 
 they had buckets of water . 
 hoses . 
 the water blasted at the flames , but the fire kept attacking all around the compound walls . 
 to the left . 
 to the right . 
 `` you ca n't escape me . '' 
 gabe 's words rang in her ears . 
 he 'd warned her of this , so many times . 
 he 'd said , `` i 'll find you and destroy anyone who gets in my way . '' 
 someone bumped into her and paige jerked , then she realized-i ca n't just stand here . 
 she 'd seen this type of attack before . 
 it was gabe 's specialty . 
 distract and conquer . 
 he 'd been using this technique for centuries . 
 gabe ... or rather , gabriel , had been born long ago , in the midst of battles and carnage . 
 war was what he knew , what he craved . 
 when it came to fighting strategies , he liked to think he was a master . 
 the pureblood vamp was always plotting and planning . 
 the wolves did n't realize that this was just a trick . 
 they were scattering . 
 each going to a different spot to fight the flames . 
 each-vulnerable . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 paige screamed . 
 no one listened to her . 
 more water . 
 more fire . 
 `` stop ! 
 they 're coming for you ! '' 
 an attack that had been planned for far too long . 
 she ran forward and grabbed the arm of one woman , a chick with long red hair . 
 `` they 're coming ! '' 
 the woman spun around and her eyes widened . 
 `` vampire . '' 
 yes , she was . 
 `` and more of my kind are coming . 
 move away from the walls ! 
 get ready . '' 
 because gabe did n't fight fair . 
 he never had . 
 thunder rumbled . 
 someone screamed . 
 no , no , that was n't thunder . 
 in the wild confusion of the fire , that was someone shooting . 
 a man fell to the ground as blood covered the snow behind him . 
 gabe always planned so well . 
 she looked up , her gaze flying along the length of the burning walls . 
 there , to the left . 
 covered in darkness , she could just see the outline of the shooter . 
 only ... he was n't the only one up there . 
 paige pushed the woman away . 
 `` get back ! '' 
 paige yelled because she knew those guns would be loaded with silver bullets . 
 the fire was just the bait . 
 carefully placed and targeted to draw out the wolves ... so they could be taken out easier . 
 she raced forward and leapt up that wall . 
 as a human , she never would have been able to make that climb . 
 the wall was at least fifteen feet high . 
 as a vamp - two seconds . 
 that was all it took . 
 the gunman turned on her . 
 fired . 
 the silver bullet tore right through her shoulder . 
 she gasped at the pain , and , somewhere below her , she heard a roar . 
 `` try ... harder , '' paige gritted out to the shooter as she snatched the gun from him . 
 then she shot him , right in the heart . 
 he fell off the wall , tumbling down below . 
 the vamp would n't be dead , not from a silver bullet hit . 
 he 'd just be stunned for a while . 
 more gunshots . 
 more screams . 
 she whirled around , balancing easily on top of the wall . 
 more vamp shooters had positioned themselves , carefully hiding away from the flames . 
 but the wolves were seeing them now . 
 they were launching at the vamps , trying to take them out . 
 they just had to take them out faster . 
 because there was blood on the ground . 
 injured shifters crying out in pain . 
 and vamps were always attracted to that blood ... her fangs burned in her mouth as they stretched and sharpened . 
 an instinctive response to the scent of blood . 
 she hurried along the wall 's edge , being careful to stay away from those flames . 
 she had her eyes on another gunman . 
 that jerk waited just five feet away , aiming down below . 
 her gaze darted to the right as she tracked his target . 
 the vamp was - aiming at drake . 
 no ! 
 drake was rushing toward her , not even looking over at the gunman . 
 `` get down ! '' 
 she yelled at drake , and she slammed her body into the vamp 's . 
 his gun fired . 
 the bullet thundered as it exploded from the weapon . 
 the vampire laughed . 
 `` got the alpha . 
 fuckin ' got him in the heart ! '' 
 she drove her fist into his jaw . 
 she heard bones snap and was n't sure if that snapping was from the breaking of her own fingers or his jaw . 
 her gaze lifted and flew to the area below . 
 `` drake ! '' 
 he was on the ground . 
 not moving . 
 the vamp 's gun had fallen into the snow near the bottom of the wall . 
 did n't matter . 
 she could deal with this jerk . 
 he 'd shot drake . 
 she grabbed for the stake that she kept in her left boot , strapped to her ankle . 
 the vamp was twisting and fighting , and the ledge of the wall was barely a foot across and - they both tumbled off the wall-falling not toward the inside of the compound , with the werewolves , but back outside . 
 when they hit the ground , paige landed on top of the vamp . 
 even with the snow to cushion them , the thud of the impact shook through her body . 
 when she sucked in a deep breath , the vampire drove his knee into her stomach . 
 `` bitch , '' the vamp snarled . 
 but he was n't just any vamp . 
 henry deveau . 
 she knew him . 
 had always hated the prick . 
 he liked to torture his victims . 
 the way he 'd tortured her.henry was gabe 's number one attack vamp . 
 a sadistic bastard who deserved to burn forever . 
 `` you thought you 'd be safe , '' henry spat the words at her as he punched out with his ham-like fists . 
 `` you thought he 'd save you , but - '' `` no , '' paige gasped out because , what did she have to lose now ? 
 no one else would hear what she said to henry . 
 the wolves were too busy fighting the flames and the other shooters . 
 `` i thought i 'd save him . '' 
 because she 'd known that gabe 's attack on the wolves was coming . 
 she 'd known that he was going after drake . 
 so i wanted to be at drake 's side , to keep him safe . 
 the bargain she 'd made had n't been about her protection , not really . 
 it had been about his . 
 but she 'd failed him . 
 after only a few damn minutes , she 'd failed . 
 henry 's thick brow lowered in confusion . 
 `` what ? 
 you - '' she had the stake in her hand . 
 she rushed forward-and drove it into henry 's heart . 
 `` i loved him , '' she whispered as she twisted that stake . 
 she had once loved him more than anything else in this world , but henry and gabe had taken drake from her . 
 then , and now . 
 `` so you burn , ass ** le , burn . '' 
 blood dripped from henry 's mouth , and she saw the light fade from his eyes as the bastard took his last gasp of breath . 
 and she smiled . 
 a cold puff of air appeared near her face . 
 she was still breathing . 
 henry would never breathe again . 
 the other vamps were racing away now , disappearing into the surrounding woods as quickly as they could-and vamps could run so very fast . 
 time to chase . 
 she 'd shown her true allegiance , and if she did n't give chase , they 'd all be coming for her head-or her heart . 
 paige yanked up her stake . 
 barely glanced at the blood on the wood and - hard arms wrapped her around . 
 she lifted her weapon , ready to take another heart herself . 
 but drake stared down at her . 
 his face was stark white , and his eyes glowed with the power of his beast . 
 his wolf was n't the only one straining for freedom . 
 some of the others had already shifted . 
 paige could hear wolf howls now as the beasts hunted the vampires . 
 big , furry beasts raced over the snow . 
 when had they shifted ? 
 she had n't even noticed . 
 she 'd been too intent on killing henry . 
 on getting vengeance because he 'd shot drake . 
 `` got the alpha . 
 fuckin ' got ` him in in the heart ! '' 
 henry had been so certain of his hit . 
 unlike vampires , wolves could n't survive a shot of silver to the heart . 
 so how was drake still alive ? 
 her gaze dropped to his chest . 
 a chest he 'd clawed open-to get the bullet out . 
 oh , damn . 
 that was just brutal . 
 `` i thought you were dead . '' 
 his voice was guttural . 
 his hands locked around her shoulders and pulled her against him . 
 `` i saw you go over the wall ... '' she shook her head . 
 her body was trembling . 
 he 's alive . 
 `` i-i was just trying to stop him . 
 i did n't want him to - '' drake 's lips took hers . 
 not gentle . 
 not soft . 
 hard . 
 wild . 
 rough . 
 there was desperation in his kiss , and so much lust . 
 the sounds of the wolves were all around them . 
 the thudding of their paws on the snow . 
 the howls that broke the night . 
 it was cold out there , bitterly cold , but she barely felt the ice around her . 
 right then , she was burning hot . 
 drake lifted his head . 
 stared down at her . 
 `` do n't ever do that again . '' 
 um , that was n't a promise she could make . 
 she 'd keep fighting , until the threats to him were gone . 
 she was n't the running type , not anymore . 
 he kept a tight hold on her , smearing his blood over her clothes , and he turned to face the wolves who 'd gathered around them . 
 smoke drifted in the air , but most of the flames were out , for now . 
 `` find them , '' he shouted . 
 `` hunt them ! '' 
 some wolves were already in the woods , hunting . 
 but vampires were good hunters , too . 
 `` find them , '' drake said again , and his voice cut through the night , `` and kill them . '' 
 the wolves howled . 
 paige knew that the final war between the vampires and werewolves had begun . 
 chapter four she could have f ** king died . 
 drake pulled paige through the main house , making sure not to let her go , not even for an instant . 
 the woman was n't getting away from him , hell , no . 
 when he 'd looked up and seen her on that wall , with that vampire bastard attacking her ... he 'd roared her name . 
 then the vamp had shot him . 
 the silver had burned , ripping and tearing through him as he fell to the ground . 
 when drake had looked up again , it had been to see paige tumbling right over the edge of the wall . 
 drake rounded the corner and shoved open the door that led to his quarters . 
 `` drake , look , i - '' in an instant , he spun on her . 
 `` you knew they were attacking . '' 
 did she look paler than before ? 
 it seemed so . 
 even the red of her lips had faded to a light pink . 
 she stared up at him and gave a slow nod . 
 shit . 
 why could n't she have lied ? 
 he did n't want to know that she 'd set him up . 
 because then he 'd have to punish her . 
 he headed to the left . 
 he had blood on his hands , and he 'd already smeared that blood on her . 
 when he touched her again , he wanted his hands clean . 
 all he could smell was blood . 
 his blood . 
 the blood of the wolves who 'd been attacked . 
 the blood of the bastard she 'd staked . 
 and ... her blood . 
 she 'd seemed paler than before . 
 he whirled back to face her . 
 as she stumbled , he picked her up and held her close against his chest . 
 she 's a vampire , but she can still die . 
 the scent of her blood was too strong . 
 `` where 's the wound ? '' 
 she lifted her arm to her shoulder . 
 her hair had fallen forward , covering the injury , and he swept the mane back , then cursed at the sight of her flesh . 
 a bullet had torn through her shoulder . 
 why the hell was n't she healing ? 
 vampires usually healed fast enough when they were injured . 
 she was n't healing . 
 he took her into his bathroom . 
 put her down next to the shower that could easily hold three people , though he only preferred an intimate two . 
 then he tore open her shirt and tossed away the scraps of material so that he could see her wound . 
 but ... it was n't the only wound that he found on her body . 
 there were faint white lines on her flesh , snaking up her stomach . 
 sliding down her left arm . 
 scars . 
 old injuries . 
 vampires did n't scar . 
 those marks ... she must have gotten them while she was still human . 
 he knelt on the marble tile so that his eyes were level with hers . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 she bit her lip and glanced away . 
 then , voice whisper-soft , paige said , `` nothing that matters now . '' 
 every single thing about her mattered . 
 he put his hand on her shoulder , being careful not to touch the bloody wound . 
 she still flinched . 
 because he 'd hurt her ... or because he 'd touched her ? 
 she 'd once begged for his touch . 
 but that had been long ago . 
 another damn life . 
 locking his back teeth , drake gritted , `` why are n't you healing ? '' 
 she shrugged and still did n't look him in the eyes . 
 he reached behind her and yanked on the water in the shower . 
 the water thundered out in a hot rush and steam began to drift in the air . 
 he did n't worry about another attack interrupting them , not then . 
 he 'd put extra guards on sentry duty . 
 the vamps would n't be getting close again . 
 they 'd just be dying soon . 
 `` too much blood loss can kill a vamp . '' 
 he knew because he 'd killed his share that way before . 
 a slow , painful death . 
 some folks deserved that kind of death . 
 some did n't . 
 the vamps who 'd killed his family ? 
 they 'd deserved every single moment of agony that he 'd given to them . 
 `` it 's almost stopped bleeding , '' she told him . 
 `` i 'll be all right . '' 
 she glanced toward the water . 
 he put his hand on the curve of her waist . 
 `` you need blood . '' 
 no way to get around that . 
 she 'd been hurt , and she 'd bled too much . 
 for a vamp to get her strength back and heal , she 'd need to drink . 
 `` yeah , well ... '' she gave a rough laugh that was nothing like the light , happy peal she 'd once had , `` something tells me that wolves do n't exactly keep extra blood bags around for the vamp company that comes calling . '' 
 no , they did n't . 
 but if she needed blood ... his gaze locked on her mouth . 
 her full lips . 
 her white teeth . 
 her delicate fangs . 
 a vampire bite is hell . 
 agony . 
 pain and degradation . 
 how many times had he heard that line from other wolves ? 
 too many . 
 so why was he even thinking about offering her his throat ? 
 because it 's her . 
 and because she saved your ass out there . 
 no matter what else she might be doing or planning , paige had stopped the vamp from firing that silver into his heart . 
 a few more inches to the right , and drake knew he would 've been dead . 
 she 'd saved him and was n't that worth a few drops of blood ? 
 he caught her chin . 
 lifted her head . 
 her gaze found his , finally . 
 the water flowed behind her , and that steam heated the air . 
 `` take from me , '' he told her . 
 when an alpha gave an order , that order was obeyed . 
 no question . 
 her brow furrowed . 
 `` um , take what ? '' 
 he caught her fingers-damn , her skin was soft-and lifted them to his throat . 
 `` take . '' 
 he could handle this for a few minutes . 
 he 'd lock down his mind . 
 pretend he was n't being used as food and - she snatched her hand back . 
 horror had her green eyes widening . 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 she sure as hell could . 
 `` you 've got the fangs , sweet , just sink them in . '' 
 not like this was her first bite . 
 she must have bled plenty of humans in her time . 
 bastards . 
 without blood , vamps would turn to dust . 
 but she was shaking her head at him . 
 `` i-i 'll just take a quick shower and wash up . 
 i 'll heal soon , and everything will be - '' well , damn , did n't she want his blood ? 
 now he was starting to feel insulted . 
 `` drink from me . '' 
 her whole body was shaking . 
 she needed blood . 
 take it . 
 he was n't gon na sit there while she got weaker . 
 he could help her . 
 her fangs would sink into his flesh , and she 'd feed on him . 
 the other wolves would think he was insane for offering his neck to her . 
 so what ? 
 screw them . 
 this was for her . 
 only she was still shaking her head and looking like he 'd just shoved a snake at her face . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` you got something against shifter blood ? '' 
 which would n't make a bit of sense . 
 paranormals had blood that was far more powerful than that of humans . 
 and vamps were always about power . 
 her gaze dropped to his throat . 
 he saw her eyes widen . 
 saw the flicker of raw hunger on her face . 
 she wanted his blood . 
 no missing that . 
 why was n't she taking it ? 
 `` y-you do n't ... understand ... '' her gaze was still on his neck . 
 `` drinking is ... '' his hands curled around her waist . 
 `` i do n't want to hear about all the men you 've tasted . '' 
 because he 'd just want to give those jerkoffs a whole world of hurt . 
 her mouth , on them . 
 his beast roared . 
 kill . 
 `` just ... do it . '' 
 her laughter held a wild edge . 
 `` you 're not listening to me ! 
 i ca n't ! '' 
 her voice dropped as she confessed , `` because i never have before . '' 
 what the hell ? 
 the words were a lie . 
 they had to be . 
 drake 's hands tightened on her . 
 `` you 're a vamp . 
 you have to drink to survive . '' 
 `` not from a live s-source . '' 
 her lips quivered . 
 `` i 've never ... when i drink , i-i use blood bags . 
 i do n't take from people ! 
 not directly . '' 
 he frowned at her . 
 he 'd heard the rumors and whispers about some vamps going all bite-free and trying to blend better with the rest of the world . 
 a newer , more human-friendly vamp . 
 he 'd thought those stories were bullshit . 
 the vamps who 'd attacked him tonight sure had n't been the blending variety . 
 `` just ... give me a few minutes , '' paige told him . 
 she pulled away . 
 stripped off the rest of her clothes-sweet hell-then stepped into the huge shower with its curtain of steam . 
 `` i 'll be okay . '' 
 the hell she would . 
 she was in his home , back with him , and he was supposed to just stand back while she needed ? 
 his jaw clenched as he gritted out , `` we do n't have blood bags . '' 
 why would they ? 
 it was n't like werewolves entertained vamps . 
 no blood bags on the premises , and there was n't any damn way to get them right then . 
 her body slid beneath the pounding water . 
 paige sighed softly and the sound was like a stroke right over his cock . 
 as she turned beneath the spray , letting the water pour down her back , her eyes began to drift closed . 
 did she really think he was just gon na walk away ? 
 he had n't bothered to put on a shirt when he 'd raced outside . 
 no shirt , no shoes . 
 just a pair of jeans stained with blood . 
 his hands went to the snap . 
 when his zipper eased down with a hiss , her eyelids flew back open . 
 ah , heard that , did you ? 
 a vamp 's hearing was almost as good as a shifter 's . 
 almost . 
 `` drake ? '' 
 he loved the way she whispered his name . 
 he dropped the jeans and stepped into the shower . 
 then he positioned his body near hers . 
 `` you 're drinking from me . '' 
 he 'd be her first at this , just as he 'd been the first to take her body . 
 but she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 `` you wo n't . '' 
 he pulled her against him . 
 the water covered them both . 
 washing away the blood and death . 
 drake tilted his head to the side . 
 his fingers curled around her chin , and he pulled her toward him . 
 `` just start with a kiss . '' 
 her lips feathered over his skin . 
 his c ** k hardened even more-and the damn thing had already been swollen with need . 
 her tongue slid out and licked the side of his neck . 
 the small touch sent a rush of hot need surging through him . 
 he was supposed to be suffering through this . 
 giving her sustenance , nothing more . 
 dealing with the pain of her bite - only there was n't any pain yet . 
 only pleasure . 
 `` i-i ca n't , '' she told him again and tried to pull away . 
 fuck that . 
 his hands locked tighter around her . 
 he pushed her back , caging her against the tiled wall of the shower . 
 then his mouth took hers . 
 he knew one thing about vampires and their bloodlust ... sex and blood were always tied for the vamps . 
 sex and blood . 
 her mouth opened beneath his . 
 she kissed him back with a hunger to match his . 
 if this was her when she was weak ... he could n't wait to see her when paige was back at full strength . 
 his tongue slipped into her mouth . 
 tasted . 
 enjoyed the moan that rose in the back of her throat . 
 his c ** k thrust eagerly toward her , pushing hard because he damn well wanted to be inside of her . 
 would be ... soon . 
 his breath heaved out when he lifted his head . 
 `` drink from me . '' 
 the edge of her fangs glistened behind her slick lips . 
 drake lifted his hand to his throat . 
 his claws were out , and he sliced a thin line down the side of his throat . 
 the better to tempt his little vamp . 
 the darkness of her pupils expanded in her eyes . 
 `` drake . '' 
 `` i want you to drink from me . '' 
 her gaze was on the blood that dripped down his throat . 
 her fangs were lengthening . 
 `` do n't ... do n't let me hurt you . '' 
 what was a little pain ? 
 sometimes , it could even make the pleasure sweeter . 
 he 'd learned that lesson long ago , but he just told her , `` you wo n't . '' 
 her mouth went back to his throat . 
 kissed the skin . 
 sucked lightly along his flesh . 
 damn . 
 he held onto his control with every ounce of strength he had . 
 but her body was wet , soft , and smooth . 
 her silken legs rubbed against his . 
 her br ** sts-tight with those pebbled ni ** les-pushed into his chest . 
 then she licked at the blood on his throat . 
 his teeth ground together . 
 his c ** k was so aroused that he felt like he 'd erupt any minute . 
 only in her . 
 she moaned low in her throat and licked him again . 
 again . 
 she sucked his flesh once more , and he felt the score of her teeth on him . 
 okay , this is it . 
 she 'll slice into me , but it wo n't last long and - and her teeth sank into him . 
 fuck , f ** k , f ** k ! 
 this was n't about pain and degradation . 
 this was n't about a vamp 's bite tearing and slicing prey . 
 it was about pleasure . 
 because that was all he could feel then . 
 a white-hot burst of pleasure that seemed to fill his veins and course through his body . 
 so much pleasure that his control shattered in an instant . 
 there was no holding back . 
 there was only ... paige . 
 he lifted her up against that tiled wall . 
 spread her legs . 
 her mouth was still on him , lips , tongue , teeth ... his fingers slid over her core . 
 pushed inside her sex . 
 so wet . 
 so hot . 
 she clamped down on him and held tight . 
 the water thundered down over him . 
 steam surrounded them . 
 in her . 
 he positioned his cock . 
 stroked over her clit . 
 loved her ragged moan . 
 the head of his c ** k pressed into her . 
 her sex stretched , straining around him . 
 he wanted to see her , wanted to pull back - but he could n't . 
 drake drove into her as deep and as hard as he could . 
 and it was just like he remembered . 
 tight . 
 hot . 
 heaven . 
 he pulled back . 
 thrust deep . 
 again and again . 
 he lifted her up , positioning her so that she had to take all that he gave her . 
 there was no hiding or holding back , not for either of them . 
 his fingers kept stroking over her clit . 
 the way he knew she liked . 
 the way that would make her - scream . 
 paige lifted her mouth from his neck . 
 her eyes were wide , wild , and her lips were flushed red . 
 the scream of pleasure slipped past those red lips even as he felt the contractions of her orgasm around his cock . 
 so good . 
 he kept thrusting . 
 faster . 
 harder . 
 rougher . 
 the wolf liked it rough . 
 so did the man . 
 she wrapped her legs around his hips . 
 wrapped her arms around his shoulders . 
 and she kissed him . 
 this time , the pleasure was his . 
 a deep , wrenching pleasure that washed over him as he climaxed inside of her . 
 the release blinded him and f ** king seemed to gut him as it went on and on , hollowing out his body . 
 when the climax ended , he did n't release her . 
 because he was n't letting her go , not ever again . 
 chapter five dawn did n't bring light . 
 the polar night had come to alaska weeks before , and now they were lucky if even a faint twilight would brighten the day . 
 just darkness . 
 and more darkness to come . 
 it was the kind of darkness most vampires loved . 
 paige knew that she had never been like most vampires . 
 hell , she was n't even a particularly good vampire . 
 after dressing , she carefully crept toward the bedroom door . 
 when she 'd opened her eyes , she 'd been alone . 
 the sheets beside her had been cold . 
 alone . 
 it was n't like she 'd expected drake to stay with her , just holding her in those quiet hours . 
 cuddle time was n't so big with vamps and werewolves , she got that . 
 but had the guy really needed to haul ass so quickly ? 
 would it have killed him to just stay with her for a little while ? 
 her hand pressed against the wood of the closed door . 
 she could still taste drake on her tongue . 
 and feel him between her legs . 
 the sex had been as good as she remembered . 
 actually , way better than good . 
 drake had always been one fantastic lover and - someone was screaming . 
 the screams tore through the house , echoing , and her body tensed in instant response . 
 she 'd screamed before , for drake , but those screams had been about pleasure . 
 this time , the cries filling the air were from pain . 
 paige yanked open the door . 
 the screams and yells and shouts to `` stop ! '' 
 had her racing down the hallway . 
 faster , faster she went . 
 she bounded down the stairs , taking three at a time , and paige realized could she smell blood . 
 her fangs were already coming out . 
 `` stop , dammit , stop ! '' 
 a man 's ragged plea . 
 she rushed down another flight of stairs , one that led to some kind of basement or - a line of werewolves blocked her path . 
 paige stumbled to a halt just seconds before she would have barreled into those guys . 
 the screams continued , coming from a room directly behind that living wall of werewolves . 
 what the hell ? 
 her gaze darted over the men . 
 she recognized the two werewolves who 'd escorted her in ... jeez , had that just been last night ? 
 the smaller one-the guy who 'd made the mistake of touching her before-shook his head . 
 `` he does n't want you going inside . '' 
 yeah , well , screw that . 
 `` he also does n't want you touching me . '' 
 drake had been more than adamant on that point the last time he 'd squared off with this wolf . 
 what had been the guy 's name ? 
 mark ? 
 matthew ? 
 michael . 
 this wolf was michael . 
 drake had been more than clear when he 'd said the guy was n't supposed to touch her again . 
 if michael could n't touch her ... then you ca n't stop me , wolf . 
 she marched right ahead . 
 damn straight that line of wolves backed up . 
 she figured none of them wanted to dare to actually physically try and stop her . 
 `` so i 'm betting you 're just gon na get out of my way . '' 
 or else they 'd get an ass kicking from drake . 
 then before one of them could grow some balls and maybe try to stop her , she sprang forward , leapt right over them , and kicked open the door behind the assembled wolves . 
 it was a metal door , heavy and huge , but it easily sprang open beneath her booted heel . 
 wow . 
 that blood of drake 's had really amped her up . 
 she 'd always heard werewolf blood was powerful , but ... damn . 
 she 'd never felt so strong . 
 the metal door slammed into the wall and bounced back at her , but she dodged it with a little sidestep , and then she noticed that she was in hell . 
 or as close to hell as she 'd been in a few months . 
 cages lined the walls . 
 cells . 
 prisons . 
 there was blood on the floor . 
 the coppery scent of blood filled the room . 
 she knew that scent too well . 
 and there , in the middle of the area , strapped to what looked like an operating table , was a vamp that she recognized . 
 malcolm douglas . 
 another one of gabe 's henchmen . 
 guess you could n't run fast enough . 
 the wolves had caught him , and now they were making him pay . 
 `` you should n't be here . '' 
 drake grabbed her arms and turned paige away from the sight of malcolm 's bleeding body . 
 `` dammit , i told them to keep you away . '' 
 `` you also told them not to touch me , '' she said , lifting a brow , `` so it 's not like they could really stop me . '' 
 not unless they 'd wanted to fight the alpha . 
 a muscle flexed in drake 's jaw . 
 `` you do n't need to see - '' malcolm started to laugh . 
 `` fool . 
 what you 're doing to me ... we 've done so much more ... to her . '' 
 oh , crap . 
 ice flooded through paige 's body . 
 malcolm should n't have said - `` we sliced her open ... '' malcolm snarled out . 
 she glanced over and saw the wildness in his eyes . 
 `` drained her blood while she screamed - '' drake lunged for him . 
 his claws wrapped around the vampire 's neck and ripped the skin . 
 `` i wo n't make death easy for you . '' 
 malcolm just smiled . 
 his fangs were stained with blood . 
 despite his screams , she knew he did n't fear death . 
 the guy probably welcomed it . 
 hell ... had he been screaming just because he knew that she was in the compound ? 
 had he been trying to draw her down here ? 
 so that i 'd suffer ... and drake would suffer . 
 `` want me to tell you ... '' malcolm muttered , `` all that we did to her ? '' 
 no . 
 she 'd never wanted drake to hear that story . 
 `` drake ! '' 
 `` get out of here , '' drake ordered without looking at her . 
 his claws sank deeper into malcolm 's throat . 
 pretty soon , malcolm would n't be able to talk at all . 
 paige did n't move . 
 the screams had pulled her in , but she was staying because ... `` i can help you ! '' 
 if drake would just give her the chance . 
 malcolm was the one still doing the talking . 
 `` she was ... waiting , '' he said , `` for you - '' `` take her out , heath ! 
 now ! '' 
 drake snapped and a fair-haired wolf came her way . 
 his hands closed around her arms , but she jerked against him . 
 paige was n't going anywhere . 
 not yet . 
 `` dammit , drake , let me - '' `` she was near the lake when we found her ... '' malcolm 's blood dripped onto the floor . 
 `` you were supposed ... to meet her . '' 
 why could n't the vampire shut the hell up ? 
 drake stiffened at the vampire 's words . 
 `` i went to the lake . '' 
 lost lake . 
 a fitting name . 
 she 'd lost her own life at that lake . 
 `` you went later . '' 
 malcolm 's eyes were bright . 
 he liked power . 
 craved it . 
 always had , always would . 
 right then , despite the claws at his throat and the blood around him , malcolm had the power . 
 and she had a stake in her boot . 
 so if she could just get away from handsy heath , she 'd use it and make sure malcolm never hurt another human again . 
 the way he hurt me . 
 `` your alpha ... '' malcolm growled , `` he made sure you went late ... to that little rendezvous ... '' his words caused drake 's hold to loosen , just a bit , but the malcolm 's revelation did n't surprise paige . 
 she 'd learned this truth long ago . 
 the old alpha , jeremiah quintock , had n't wanted a human in his pack . 
 he 'd thought wolves were far too superior to humans . 
 but drake had wanted her to be his mate , and he 'd been determined to bring paige into the pack , and it had n't mattered to him who he pissed off . 
 drake had thought he was safe because he was the next in line to be alpha . 
 one day , he 'd lead the alaska wolves . 
 he 'd known that , even when they 'd dated . 
 so he had n't thought anyone in the pack would deny him the mate he 'd chosen . 
 but jeremiah had n't wanted the next alpha to have a human at his side . 
 so he 'd sent me to die . 
 she saw the shock on the faces of the wolves around her . 
 even heath eased his grip on her . 
 what ? 
 had they all really not known that old jackass jeremiah had been dealing with the vamps for years ? 
 because jeremiah had a taste for blood , too . 
 a taste for blood and death and screams and pain . 
 not the best image when the werewolves in the pack were trying to show that they were more than beasts . 
 but jeremiah had sure liked to play with his prey . 
 the vamps had gotten rid of the bodies for jeremiah , and he 'd gotten to pretend he was an evolved , strong alpha . 
 an agreement , of sorts , had been reached between jeremiah and the vamps . 
 but , sooner or later , all good and evil deals came to an end . 
 jeremiah was dead . 
 the old truce was gone . 
 now the vamps were looking to take back what they thought of as theirs . 
 their land . 
 their power . 
 `` you 're lying , '' drake snarled at the vamp . 
 he 'd yanked malcolm right off the table , easily snapping the restraints that had held the guy . 
 drake lifted the vamp into the air , and malcolm did n't even try to break free . 
 he just hung limply , laughing . 
 `` ask her ... '' malcolm said , choking a bit on blood . 
 `` she begged ... for you . '' 
 bastard . 
 he 'd enjoyed it so much when she begged . 
 i stopped begging . 
 stopped crying . 
 stopped letting him enjoy her pain . 
 in the end , she 'd been the stronger one . 
 damn him , she 'd been stronger . 
 heath 's hands slackened even more on her . 
 she yanked away from him . 
 `` vamps use distraction as their number one attack method . '' 
 that 's what malcolm was trying to do then . 
 why did n't the wolves realize what was happening ? 
 `` he wants to buy time , to give the others a chance to regroup and come in again for an attack . '' 
 paige inched forward as the wolves glanced around the room . 
 she just needed to get within striking distance . 
 almost ... there . 
 drake swung his gaze back to her . 
 `` you were n't at the lake . '' 
 paige could still smell the lake . 
 that long ago day , the polar night had ended . 
 the darkness had faded and the sunlight had just been about to come her way . 
 everything had been fresh . 
 new . 
 she and drake had wanted to see the sun together . 
 then start their lives together . 
 she 'd gone to lost lake early because she 'd been so excited . 
 she had n't cared about what drake was . 
 she 'd just loved him . 
 when she 'd heard the twig snap and the rustle in the bushes , she 'd thought it was him . 
 she 'd spun around with a smile on her face . 
 hello , little wolf whore . 
 `` no , '' she whispered through numb lips as the past and the present fought in her mind , `` i was n't at the lake . '' 
 drake 's claws dug into malcolm 's neck . 
 more blood flowed . 
 `` i waited for you , '' drake told her , sounding lost . 
 she 'd been lost , for so long . 
 his eyes were still on her as he said , `` i waited for hours . 
 but you never came . 
 you left me . 
 you could n't stand what i was . '' 
 a few more steps , and she 'd be at his side . 
 `` i left , '' paige agreed softly . 
 was n't that what she wanted him to know ? 
 `` she screamed , '' malcolm gasped out the words . 
 damn him . 
 shut up . 
 only he was n't shutting up . 
 he was saying ... `` jeremiah had taken you too far away ... and you could n't hear her . 
 we cloaked our scents , so you never knew we were ... at that lake . 
 then the old alpha came ... because he wanted to make sure ... she died ... '' you wo n't tempt the boy again . 
 jeremiah 's vow to her . 
 he 'd met up with the vamps . 
 in some god-forsaken cabin . 
 a place that had reeked of death and fear . 
 but by the time he 'd gotten there , she 'd stopped screaming . 
 she 'd realized her screams were only building the excitement for the vamps . 
 they got off on her pain . 
 so the tears had streaked silently down her cheeks , but she 'd stopped crying out . 
 her lips had clamped together . 
 she 'd bit through them to hold back her cries . 
 jeremiah had come to kill her . 
 she 'd understood that instantly . 
 he 'd wanted to be the one to send her to the grave . 
 personally . 
 because she 'd dared to try and taint his pack with her human blood . 
 but gabe ... oh , gabe , he 'd always been so smart . 
 he 'd known that jeremiah would n't be around forever , and with drake growing bigger and stronger every day ... a new alpha 's taking over . 
 when he rises , i 'll have what he wants most . 
 gabe had whispered those words to her . 
 then kissed her tears away . 
 do n't be afraid , love . 
 you 're not dying ... yet . 
 `` i was n't at the lake , '' she said again as she tried to push the past back into the dark hole in her mind . 
 drake needed to remember her leaving him . 
 he had to be strong . 
 he could n't have a weakness . 
 gabe was counting on his weakness . 
 she blinked . 
 why were her cheeks wet ? 
 dammit , she was crying , and the wolves were all staring at her , dead silent . 
 as silent as she 'd been when jeremiah had raked his claws down her arm . 
 then her side . 
 but gabe had stopped him before the bastard could rip out her heart . 
 `` she 's not yours to kill , jeremiah . '' 
 gabe 's taunting voice still haunted her mind . 
 `` she 's ours now . '' 
 `` we did n't turn her right away . '' 
 malcolm 's body trembled and his voice shook . 
 `` she ... got away from us ... gave us quite a chase ... '' did n't drake get it ? 
 malcolm was wasting time with this story . 
 distracting them all . 
 making drake weak . 
 because gabe wanted drake to be weak , distracted ... broken when the real attack came . 
 she remembered the desperate time she 'd spent running . 
 she 'd fled through the snow . 
 hitchhiked . 
 gotten as far from alaska as she could . 
 hello , florida . 
 but gabe had always been chasing her . 
 he had n't planned to let her go . 
 not when she could be such a valuable tool in his battle . 
 she 'd never called drake after she escaped . 
 never so much as spoken his name again . 
 why ? 
 because jeremiah had still been there , still wielding his power , and if she 'd tried to get close to drake again ... the old scars on her body seemed to burn . 
 her heartbeat thudded in her ears . 
 fast . 
 so fast . 
 `` all vampires are n't sick pricks like him , '' she spoke quietly , but her voice filled the room . 
 `` there are others out there who are different . 
 they 're good . '' 
 they 'd found her . 
 hurt . 
 wild . 
 so desperate after her change . 
 and they 'd helped her . 
 i wo n't drink from a human . 
 she 'd been starving because she refused to drink . 
 but she had n't wanted to attack another person , had n't trusted herself to stop once she sank her teeth into prey . 
 gabe had told her that she would n't be able to pull back after she had her first taste of blood . 
 `` once you taste the blood , it 'll drive you wild . 
 you 'll do anything to get more . 
 you 'll drain humans , one after the other , and leave their bodies in your wake . '' 
 his promise to her , right after he 'd turned her . 
 he 'd leaned close , pressed a kiss to her cheek and said , `` then you 'll be just like me . '' 
 never . 
 drake had dropped malcolm . 
 the vamp lay sprawled on the floor while her werewolf stared at her with a face gone white . 
 no , he should n't be like this . 
 she had n't ever wanted him to know all the secrets she carried . 
 `` paige ... '' her name was a ragged sound of pain , torn from drake . 
 and malcolm-his eyes were on her . 
 on her , then drake . 
 no , not just on drake ... on his neck . 
 malcolm 's smile said he knew what she 'd done . 
 after resisting for so long , she 'd broken down and taken blood from a live source , from him . 
 the one who mattered the most . 
 `` guess i am a monster , '' she told malcolm , then she lunged forward . 
 no one tried to stop her . 
 they could n't . 
 she was too fast then . 
 in an instant , she had the stake out . 
 and malcolm was attacking , too . 
 not an attack at her , but one aimed at drake . 
 he was distracting you . 
 she 'd tried to warn him , but drake had been too busy listening to malcolm 's twisted tale . 
 the vamp slashed out with his claws , going for drake 's back . 
 only she got to malcolm first . 
 paige shoved the stake into his chest . 
 `` go to hell , bastard , '' she snarled . 
 he 'd sure done his best to drag her there and - malcolm ripped the stake right out of his chest . 
 `` missed ... heart ... bitch ... '' oh , crap . 
 `` i wo n't miss , '' drake promised as he yanked her back . 
 then he attacked , slamming his body into malcolm 's . 
 and , no , he did n't miss because one powerful swipe of the razor sharp claws that sprang from drake 's fingers-well , one swipe took malcolm 's head . 
 and the vampire went to hell . 
 the silence in the room was deafening then . 
 all the wolves stood , as still as statues , watching her . 
 waiting . 
 after one glance , she did n't look at malcolm again . 
 her stomach was twisting , her hands shaking . 
 she wanted the nightmare to just end , but for her and for drake , the end was still too far away . 
 the nightmare would n't stop , not yet . 
 not until gabe was the one on the floor , stone dead . 
 she should say something . 
 anything . 
 but ... her shoulders hunched as paige turned away . 
 the scent of blood seemed to burn her nostrils , and she just needed to get out of there . 
 away from the blood and death . 
 escape . 
 she had n't known real freedom in so long , and she was so tired of being surrounded by death . 
 constantly . 
 paige shoved the shifters out of her way . 
 drake called out to her . 
 she did n't glance back , and she sure as hell did n't stop . 
 she 'd talk with him-later . 
 not now . 
 i was n't at the lake . 
 her words had been so hollow because , yes , she 'd been at lost lake . 
 she 'd kept her promise to drake . 
 and that promise had cost paige far more than she 'd ever expected-her life . 
 chapter six she damn well was n't getting away from him . 
 paige had fled the compound and raced away into the night . 
 sure , he could have gotten his men to track her , but this hunt was personal , and drake did n't want the others chasing her . 
 if someone hunted paige , it would be him . 
 `` you ca n't do this ! '' 
 heath grabbed him just as drake was about to pass through the compound ' heavy gates . 
 his eyes blazed with fury . 
 `` this could be a vamp trap ! 
 she 's luring you outside . '' 
 paige had n't gone through the gates . 
 she 'd just leapt over the wall . 
 so fast and graceful . 
 his blood had sure pumped up her power . 
 as for her bite ... it had given him so much pleasure . 
 i 'll have more . 
 if she needed blood , he 'd be happy to be her personal donor from now on . 
 her first , her only . 
 `` she 's hurting , '' drake said and pain , yeah , that was just what he 'd seen in paige 's eyes . 
 she 'd always shown so much with her green gaze . 
 he 'd once been able to look right into her eyes and see her soul . 
 heath actually shook him . 
 `` she 's in pain ? 
 fine . 
 then let her go off and lick her damn wounds . '' 
 heath 's words held a sharp bite . 
 `` but do n't put yourself at risk for her . 
 she 's a vampire . '' 
 the necklace he 'd given to her so long ago , the one he 'd stupidly taken from her neck just the previous night , was a heavy weight in drake 's pocket . 
 give it back to her . 
 `` she 's mine . '' 
 there was n't anything else to say . 
 she was his . 
 and she hurt . 
 protect her . 
 an instinct from the wolf and the man . 
 he looked beyond the wall . 
 so much darkness and icy cold waited for him . 
 but that frigid darkness had been his whole life , ever since paige had left him . 
 he wanted more now . 
 he wanted warmth . 
 light . 
 paige had always been that to him . 
 `` i 'm bringing her back . '' 
 drake shoved the other wolf aside . 
 heath grabbed his arm . 
 `` you ca n't bring a vampire into the pack . '' 
 low words . 
 gritted . 
 burning with intensity . 
 `` you know you ca n't do that . '' 
 very , very slowly , drake turned his head and stared down at his first in command . 
 he 'd been friends with heath since they were both just boys , but that friendship would n't stop him from kicking the shit out of the guy . 
 `` i 'm the f ** king alpha . '' 
 he let the power ring in his voice . 
 he 'd fought for the title . 
 earned it . 
 and since he was alpha , the one they all submitted to ... `` i can do anything i want . '' 
 `` jeremiah - '' had that bastard really gone after paige ? 
 set this whole nightmare in motion ? 
 his jaw ached as drake growled , `` he 's dead . '' 
 a very lucky thing for the old wolf right then . 
 because if he 'd still been living , drake would have ripped him apart . 
 `` it 's my pack now . '' 
 if heath wanted to challenge him ... come the hell on . 
 he was more than in the mood for some ass-kicking . 
 after he brought paige back . 
 he had his priorities , and she came first . 
 `` spread the word , '' drake ordered . 
 `` any who want to challenge me ... tell them to get the f ** k in line . '' 
 when he came back , he 'd take them all on . 
 because no one was going to keep him from paige . 
 not now . 
 not ever . 
 he turned away from heath and ran into the night . 
 vampires were fast , but wolves were faster . 
 especially when they hunted . 
 he shed the form of man with a crack and snap of his bones . 
 the pain of the shift burned over him , familiar , white-hot , and soon he was running on all fours , with paws instead of hands , and he tossed back his head and howled for the one thing he wanted most in the world . 
 his mate . 
 he had her scent , and he would n't lose it . 
 he flew over the terrain , ignoring the frigid cold temperature-an artic chill that he knew would be cutting into paige . 
 the cold would n't kill a vamp , but it would make her body tremble and shake . 
 she 'd suffer out there . 
 she 'd already been in pain when she left him . 
 and the only damn thing he wanted to do was take that pain away . 
 he bounded through the forest and sent snow flying in his wake . 
 the world was a blur of white , but he could just see the imprints of her footsteps . 
 he knew where she was going . 
 inside the body of the beast , the man cursed . 
 the wolf ran faster , faster ... she 'd never seen him in this form . 
 before , he 'd been ashamed for her to see him transform . 
 he knew what he was ... `` guess i am a monster ... '' her words were burned into his mind . 
 but he 'd been the monster . 
 always . 
 the beast who 'd taken what he should never have touched . 
 he leapt into the air , easily jumping over a fallen tree . 
 her scent was stronger now . 
 strawberries . 
 sex . 
 woman . 
 he 'd never been able to forget that lush scent . 
 the small lake was frozen , its surface dark and glistening . 
 even though it was day , the sky overhead was as dark as the lake . 
 no sunlight . 
 not now . 
 just cold . 
 just darkness . 
 paige spun at his approach and put her back to the lake . 
 her eyes widened when she saw him . 
 swallowing , she backed up a step . 
 he froze . 
 then he changed , for her . 
 the transformation was brutal to watch . 
 he knew it had to be . 
 his bones shifted and broke , reshaped into a man 's body instead of the form that belonged to the beast . 
 the fur seemed to melt from his body . 
 soon paws and claws became hands and fingers-fingers that had dug deeply into the snow . 
 `` drake ? '' 
 her hushed voice pushed through the last of the shift , and , naked , he glanced up at her . 
 paige rushed toward him . 
 `` you should n't be here ! '' 
 `` neither ... should you . '' 
 he rose before her . 
 wind whipped against his body , but werewolves always stayed warm no matter what the outside temperature was . 
 the beast burned within . 
 paige shivered . 
 he took a step toward her , but she stiffened , and her gaze darted around the small clearing . 
 `` it 's dangerous . 
 i did n't think-we need to go back . '' 
 drake lifted his hand and offered it to her . 
 `` then come with me . '' 
 he knew why she 'd run from the compound . 
 desperation and pain had driven her to flee blindly . 
 i was n't at the lake . 
 but she had been . 
 he knew a lie when he heard it . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 the words were torn from him . 
 jeremiah had come to him , told him that he had a message from paige . 
 `` your little human said to meet you in two hours . '' 
 jeremiah had smiled and flashed his fangs . 
 `` that gives us time for a hunt . '' 
 and he 'd just ... gone off with the bastard . 
 paige was n't taking his hand . 
 her gaze was on him , sweeping over his body . 
 she had n't been disgusted by his shift , and she sure did n't appear disgusted by what she was seeing right then . 
 lust . 
 he knew that expression well . 
 but he hated the mix of lust and pain in her eyes . 
 he hated to see any pain in her gaze . 
 he 'd rather just have the lust . 
 `` come with me , '' he said again , and he still waited for her to take his hand . 
 there would be no forcing on this . 
 she had to choose to come with him . 
 to be with him . 
 her gaze swept around the lake . 
 the woods . 
 she inched toward him . 
 the snow crunched beneath her boots . 
 `` i-i did n't ... you should n't have followed me . '' 
 her words rushed out . 
 `` i just needed a little time ... '' `` there 's a vamp hunting you , '' he told her . 
 hell , it was probably a whole gang of vamps now . 
 `` you really think i 'd just leave you on your own ? '' 
 no . 
 her hand lifted and slowly , so slowly , her gaze met his . 
 her fingers touched his hand . 
 tentative . 
 soft . 
 `` i lied , '' she whispered . 
 his fingers closed around hers . 
 `` what ? '' 
 but he already knew and if she wanted to confess to him , he 'd damn well listen . 
 he should have met her here , at lost lake . 
 he should have told jeremiah to screw off , that he was still heading out to meet paige and that he 'd just wait for her to show . 
 if he 'd gone then , they would have been married by now . 
 had children . 
 had a f ** king perfect life . 
 it was all his fault . 
 but then he heard the growl of an engine . 
 no , not just one engine . 
 two . 
 three . 
 coming close . 
 too fast . 
 far too fast . 
 her eyes still held his . 
 `` i lied , '' she said again , then she jerked her hand free from his grip and shoved against his chest . 
 `` run ! '' 
 the vampires were coming . 
 `` shift ! 
 turn back into a wolf ! '' 
 paige yelled at him . 
 `` you can outrun them , you can get away ! '' 
 `` not without you . '' 
 his claws tore through his flesh . 
 he 'd be damned if he left her behind . 
 she shook her head and shoved harder against him . 
 `` it 's not about me . 
 they do n't want me . '' 
 but-but she 'd told him-the vampire she 'd called gabe - `` they want you , '' she said , voice stark and sad . 
 her eyes had never looked bigger . 
 or sadder . 
 `` and gabe always planned to use me ... in order to get you . '' 
 he could see the light from the snowmobiles cutting through the darkness . 
 the vamps were closing in on them . 
 the vamps would n't get them , though . 
 dumbasses . 
 drake knew this land so well . 
 better than any vampire ever could . 
 his beast ran free often . 
 knew every fallen tree . 
 every secret bend . 
 every dark cave . 
 every hiding spot . 
 `` run with me , '' he told her . 
 because right then , it was n't about fighting , even though the beast within was roaring for blood . 
 that moment was about protecting paige . 
 getting her to safety . 
 then coming back to cut down all the vampires after him . 
 she nodded , and they took off , racing not around the lake , but right across it . 
 it was icy and slick beneath their feet , frozen solid , and by going straight across that cold surface , they saved valuable time . 
 the ice would n't break . 
 not for months . 
 they cleared the lake . 
 entered the edge of the forest , where the heavy weight of the snow had bent the trees . 
 because they 'd gone right across the lake then leapt into the woods , they did n't leave any footprints behind . 
 well , no footprints that would be seen immediately . 
 the vamps would have to search first , scanning every edge of the woods , then if they got lucky , they might see the tracks just past the trees but - but it was starting to snow again . 
 hell , yes . 
 the snow came down , brushing against his skin as they ran . 
 the fresh snow would cover any tracks they left behind . 
 a wolf would have been able to track them through the snow . 
 vamps were no match for wolves when it came to stalking prey . 
 no match . 
 paige stumbled and would have fallen , but he just grabbed her and hoisted her into his arms . 
 her weight did n't slow him . 
 he pushed faster . 
 held her tighter . 
 he leapt easily over the dead trees , the rough rocks . 
 faster ... drake turned abruptly , heading toward the cabin that he knew would be waiting . 
 small , non-descript , the snow almost hid it completely from view . 
 but he knew the cabin was there , waiting . 
 the vamps would n't be so lucky . 
 unless they knew the specific location of this safe house , they 'd never find it in the darkness . 
 he punched in the security code , then shouldered open the door . 
 still holding her tightly , drake carried paige inside . 
 the interior was pitch black , and their ragged breathing seemed to echo in the tight space . 
 `` we ca n't stay here , '' paige said , voice desperate . 
 her nails sank into his shoulder . 
 `` we need to get back to the compound . 
 they 'll find you here ! 
 you ca n't face all of them on your own ! '' 
 he put her down beside him . 
 the cabin was sparsely furnished in this area-containing just a bed and an old table . 
 but looks could be deceiving . 
 drake bent down and yanked back an old rug , a rug that had covered a trapdoor on the floor . 
 when he 'd had the cabin built , drake had made sure that the trapdoor blended seamlessly with the floor . 
 he pressed against the wood , in just the right spot . 
 with a creak , the trapdoor opened , revealing the gaping entrance that led below . 
 he 'd created this safe house for any wolf shifters who got caught outside the compound during the winter storms . 
 the place was supposed to be a safe harbor for them . 
 one with all the benefits and security that a wolf needed . 
 paige crept down the stairs . 
 he shut the door behind her . 
 bolted it . 
 then punched in a series of codes on the alarm pad . 
 there was a faint hum , then a steel door slid closed above him , covering the wood . 
 lights flickered on , one after the other , revealing an area twice as big as the cabin above them . 
 one wall was composed of monitors . 
 a security station that showed all the area around the cabin , just in case any unwanted guests came calling . 
 there was a bed . 
 a desk . 
 a cabinet full of food . 
 all the comforts of home and all the security of a mini-fortress . 
 just what he 'd wanted . 
 drake headed toward the nearby desk . 
 he lifted up the radio-one that was wired to the compound . 
 `` alpha one . '' 
 paige made no sound behind him . 
 static crackled . 
 `` reading you sir , over . '' 
 drake glanced back at paige . 
 so still . 
 so beautiful . 
 `` send hunters to lost lake . 
 the vamps are out there . '' 
 he 'd be taking care of this theat . 
 eliminating the vampires permanently , right after ... after he settled a few things between him and paige . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 it was michael 's voice . 
 drake caught the eagerness in the guy 's quick reply . 
 who did n't enjoy a good hunt ? 
 no wolf he knew . 
 drake pushed away from the desk . 
 stalked toward paige . 
 she was still shivering but she stood straight and tall . 
 she stared at him like she thought he would attack her . 
 he did want to pounce . 
 he lifted his hand and let it skim down her cold cheek . 
 `` tell me about your lies , sweet . '' 
 she turned her face into his touch . 
 `` you should ... find some clothes . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 wolves had never been concerned with modesty . 
 `` i 'm about to f ** k you . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 now he was the one lying . 
 with her , it was n't just f ** king . 
 not just screwing in the dark-or the light . 
 it was more . 
 mating . 
 he took a breath and could almost taste her . 
 `` tell me the secrets you 've been keeping ... tell me ... and i 'll tell you mine . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you know - '' `` the vampires were watching the compound . 
 they saw you leave . '' 
 obvious . 
 he was n't a damn idiot . 
 desperate for her , yeah , but not stupid . 
 `` then they saw me . '' 
 the vamps had given chase , but they would have been watching from a distance , probably using scopes or binoculars , so it had taken them a while to close in . 
 `` and they came out to kill me . '' 
 he stepped closer . 
 pressed his lips against her throat and inhaled her scent . 
 sex and woman . 
 his . 
 `` you were sweet bait . '' 
 he did n't care . 
 the vampires had hurt her . 
 tortured her . 
 used her against him . 
 she 'd been sent to lure him out in the open . 
 so the f ** k what ? 
 he still wanted her . 
 always would . 
 `` no . '' 
 her word was a sigh as her hands lifted to curl around his shoulders . 
 `` you do n't understand . '' 
 he licked her neck . 
 her shiver was n't from the cold that time . 
 `` make me understand . '' 
 because he could see a pretty clear picture . 
 she did n't have a choice . 
 the man understood that , and he was furious at the vamps who 'd done this to her . 
 `` you should have just told me , from the start . 
 i could have protected you - '' her nails dug into his skin . 
 `` no . '' 
 surprised by the fury in that one word , drake lifted his head and stared down at her . 
 her breath whispered out as she stared at him . 
 her eyes were chips of green ice . 
 `` this time , '' she told him , `` i 'm protecting you . '' 
 what ? 
 then she wrapped her hand around his neck and pulled him toward her . 
 her lips were open , slightly cool , and her mouth-perfect . 
 his c ** k was already hard . 
 like the cold had put a damper on that . 
 he ached for her , and that bed was just waiting for them . 
 one step . 
 two . 
 three . 
 they fell onto the bed . 
 his hands fought to remove her clothes even as she kicked away her boots . 
 he wanted in her . 
 the truth , the lies-all that could wait . 
 right then , he just needed her . 
 the lake ... waiting ... he was n't gon na wait anymore . 
 they stripped in a tangle of hands . 
 fabric ripped . 
 boots and shoes hit the floor . 
 he tore her panties and tossed them aside . 
 he pushed open her legs . 
 found her hot , soft . 
 he pushed her legs farther apart and stared down at her pink flesh . 
 so damn pretty . 
 because he could n't resist , drake bent his head and put his lips against her sex . 
 her hips rocked up against him . 
 `` drake ! '' 
 he loved it when she screamed his name . 
 the room had been sound-proofed . 
 no one outside would hear her . 
 only him . 
 he licked her clit . 
 tasted her . 
 so delicious . 
 so good . 
 so his . 
 her hands were in his hair . 
 not urging him away , no , his vampiress was asking for more . 
 he 'd give her more . 
 he licked . 
 he tasted . 
 she came against his tongue . 
 `` drake . '' 
 a whisper now . 
 slowly , he rose above her . 
 her eyes were wide , shining , and her fangs flashed faintly from behind her red lips . 
 `` you 're not a monster . '' 
 it pissed him off that she 'd said those words before . 
 no f ** king way . 
 not her . 
 not ever . 
 `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 she blinked up at him , and her lips curled in a faint smile . 
 the sight nearly broke his heart . 
 what was left of the damn thing . 
 he thrust into her , driving deep , joining them . 
 his hands locked with hers , their fingers threading together . 
 the bed squeaked beneath him . 
 in and out , he thrust . 
 again and again . 
 their eyes held . 
 their breath heaved out . 
 faster , faster now , harder ... her legs locked around his hips . 
 her feet dug into his spine when she arched toward him . 
 his claws cut through his fingertips , but he did n't slice her . 
 hell , no , he did n't so much as scratch her with his claws . 
 deeper , deeper . 
 he saw her come again . 
 saw the flash of pleasure on her face as she eyes seemed to go blind . 
 she jerked beneath him and her sex squeezed his cock . 
 yes . 
 he was so close to coming . 
 he 'd explode in her at any moment when she - `` mark me . '' 
 her husky words had every muscle in his body tightening . 
 wolves marked their mates . 
 he had n't marked her before , he 'd been waiting . 
 there was an official ceremony , a marking in front of the pack . 
 he 'd wanted to do things right with her . 
 he 'd waited ... and lost her . 
 `` mark me , '' she whispered again , and dammit , she was asking for his bite . 
 she wanted him as wildly as he wanted her . 
 he 'd never been able to deny her anything . 
 she arched beneath him , offering herself . 
 his teeth closed over her flesh , right where her shoulder curved into her neck . 
 he licked the skin there . 
 mark her . 
 it was what the wolf wanted and what the man needed . 
 his teeth pressed into her skin , breaking the skin , and the sweet flavor of her blood flowed onto his tongue . 
 even as he tasted her , claimed her , his climax slammed into him . 
 the powerful release crashed through his body as he pumped into her . 
 he lifted his head , stared into her eyes , and , as he drove into her once more , the pleasure tore a roar from him . 
 her name . 
 drake held her tight , did n't let her go , could n't . 
 and he kept thrusting . 
 because he was still hard for her and growing harder every second . 
 he 'd finally claimed her as his own , and no one would ever take her from him again . 
 *** `` how do you lose a werewolf ? '' 
 gabe asked as his boots sank into the snow . 
 so much damn snow . 
 bathing everything in white . 
 he hated that pure snow . 
 it looked much better when it was stained red . 
 so he turned to the right and sliced open the stomach of the incompetent newbie vamp next to him . 
 the fresh bloods were always so hard to train . 
 the guy , a blond with too-soft features , immediately fell to the ground , gasping and bleeding with a bright spray of red . 
 `` suck it the hell up , '' gabe snarled at him because the fresh blood 's screams grated . 
 `` it 's not like the wound will kill you . '' 
 but he was tempted . 
 oh , so tempted to finish the job . 
 the foolish bastards around him had let the alpha get away . 
 they 'd let the prick just vanish into the wilderness . 
 `` probably back at his compound by now , '' gabe muttered as he spun away and stared off into the distance . 
 `` surrounded by all those mangy wolves . '' 
 gabe had been around a long time . 
 too long . 
 he 'd seen the worst wars and hell that the humans could create . 
 that hell ... it had made him smart . 
 he 'd learned from the mistakes of the others . 
 he knew how to pick his battles . 
 plan his attacks . 
 he wanted this land . 
 the land that was rarely kissed by sunlight . 
 the land with the savage side that loved his darkness . 
 the wolves had made a truce with him long ago . 
 divided the territory . 
 that twisted freak jeremiah had been all too eager to forge a deal with him . 
 but the new alpha was n't the same . 
 gabe had known that for years . 
 drake wyler was different . 
 not so easily manipulated and controlled . 
 drake will come for my head . 
 because gabe had taken the head of drake 's father . 
 his mother . 
 and because ... i took her . 
 a wolf howled in the distance . 
 a real beast ? 
 or a shifter out for a run ? 
 gabe narrowed his eyes and stared into the darkness . 
 jeremiah had wanted him to take the little human . 
 to torture her , to kill her . 
 he 'd had his torturing fun . 
 oh , he always enjoyed that , but ... gabe had n't killed paige sloan . 
 death would have been too easy and not at all in line with his plans . 
 `` wh-what can we do ? '' 
 one of the vamps asked behind him . 
 gabe 's teeth ground together . 
 `` she stopped screaming , '' he gritted out . 
 when she 'd finally realized what was happening , when she 'd seen jeremiah and had known why she was taken , paige had stopped calling out for her lover . 
 he 'd actually seen the life fade from her eyes , even while she was still breathing . 
 that total lack of feeling-he 'd seen that look before . 
 in my own eyes . 
 so he 'd stopped jeremiah from gutting her . 
 gabe had bitten paige , transformed her . 
 she 'd fled , but he 'd watched her . 
 and he 'd always known that the perfect time would come to use her . 
 that time was now . 
 `` h-he followed her out to the lake , ran right out ... '' ah , this came from the still bleeding blond . 
 john . 
 john mackenzie . 
 how long had he been in the fold ? 
 two years ? 
 three ? 
 it was getting hard for gabe to remember all the fresh bloods . 
 as he stared at the blond , john gave a quick nod . 
 `` he chased her out ... i saw 'em ... through my binoculars . '' 
 because you could n't get too close to a wolf 's lair , not without being scented . 
 so the vamps used technology to supplement their already enhanced vision . 
 they 'd watched . 
 they 'd waited . 
 they 'd attacked . 
 the plan had still gone to hell . 
 `` he took her with him . '' 
 this came from one of the other vamps . 
 the one with the dark eyes and weathered skin . 
 lorenzo , the spaniard . 
 `` she 's probably dead by now . '' 
 gabe laughed . 
 they really did n't understand the wolf at all . 
 he did . 
 `` she 's probably getting f ** ked . '' 
 because she was the one weakness that drake possessed . 
 he 'd run away from his pack for her . 
 run into danger for her . 
 the wolf was addicted , and gabe had no doubt that , if necessary , drake would trade his life for paige . 
 snow crunched to the left of him . 
 the vamps around him swore and leapt forward . 
 gabe shoved them out of the way . 
 he wanted to see this visitor . 
 curiosity had always been his weakness . 
 the white wolf edged from the darkness with his eyes glowing . 
 the beast did n't attack . 
 he just stared at gabe with that intense gaze . 
 gabe smiled at him . 
 `` all alone are you ? '' 
 because there were no other sounds at that lake . 
 this was n't a wolf out leading an attack party . 
 this was something altogether different . 
 gabe crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` if you 're here to deal ... '' so many deals , so many years . 
 he knew just how the devil felt . 
 when will it end ? 
 `` then you 're gon na have to shift and talk to me because i do n't f ** king speak animal . '' 
 the white wolf crept forward . 
 his wary gaze darted to each of the vampires . 
 `` shift , '' gabe snapped , losing patience , `` or i can just go ahead and kill you now . '' 
 the wolf began to shift . 
 disgusting . 
 gabe hated the sight of the shifting wolves . 
 even though he did enjoy the sounds of those popping bones . 
 but soon enough , a man stood before him . 
 fury tightened the man 's face and hands . 
 `` i know where they are . '' 
 fatal mistake . 
 the wolf was just throwing all of his cards out for them to see . 
 now , they just had to torture the shifter to get that important information . 
 no deal . 
 just pain . 
 death . 
 some blood . 
 snow stained red ... it could be so lovely . 
 `` i 'll take you there , '' the werewolf said , '' and get you past the security . '' 
 security . 
 so perhaps he would be useful after all . 
 the pain could wait a bit . 
 gabe lifted a brow but did n't move forward . 
 `` and you 'll do this because ... ? '' 
 `` because i want to be alpha . '' 
 right . 
 everyone wanted power . 
 but this wolf , with his bitter eyes and snarling arrogance , he was n't going to control this land . 
 gabe was n't going to sit back and let any animal take control . 
 not anymore . 
 those days were over . 
 there 'd be no more truces . 
 no more deals . 
 only death . 
 but he smiled because he knew how to play the game . 
 he 'd made the damn game . 
 `` you want me to kill drake wyler . '' 
 a quick nod . 
 `` that 's what you 're planning anyway , right ? 
 kill him ... and we-we can have the same arrangement that you had with jeremiah . '' 
 the wolf glanced over his shoulder . 
 what ? 
 was he afraid the rest of his pack would find out that he was a traitor ? 
 you should be afraid . 
 `` the same arrangement i had with jeremiah . '' 
 how the hell did the wolf know about that deal ? 
 gabe cocked his head to the side and studied the wolf with faint interest . 
 `` so you want to kill the humans , too ? 
 want to slice them up and hear them scream until their voices break ? '' 
 ah , now that was surprise on the shifter 's face . 
 gabe almost smiled . 
 `` he-he did - '' a quick swallow and the shifter shook his head . 
 `` no , no , i just want control of the pack . 
 the shifters will leave your men alone , i 'll make them stay away . 
 you can hunt , you can kill ... and i wo n't do a damn thing to stop you . '' 
 the whelp was annoying . 
 `` cause you 'll control the wolves ... '' `` damn right . '' 
 the shifter threw back his shoulders and stalked forward . 
 did he realize how close he was to death ? 
 the arrogant ones never seemed to understand , not until it was too late . 
 `` i 'll keep 'em away . 
 i 'll be alpha-i 'll be able to do anything and everything that i want . '' 
 provided drake was dead . 
 `` do we have a deal ? '' 
 the werewolf demanded . 
 gabe stared back at him . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` michael . 
 michael flint . '' 
 the name meant nothing and that very fact said he was staring at a werewolf no one gave a shit about . 
 `` michael , you 're turning on your alpha so quickly . '' 
 `` because i 'm stronger . 
 i 'm smarter , i can - '' gabe barely stifled a yawn . 
 he 'd heard this spiel a dozen times . 
 `` take me to him . '' 
 then he 'd kill drake , eliminate this werewolf dumbass , and he 'd take all the territory in alaska . 
 wolves were always weakest without a leader . 
 without drake-they 'd be easy pickings for his vamps . 
 michael smiled . 
 no , some arrogant fools never saw death coming . 
 not until the moment death reached up and yanked their beating hearts right out of their chests . 
 chapter seven he 'd taken her blood . 
 euphoria filled paige 's body . 
 she 'd been so afraid she would n't be able to get drake to take her blood . 
 but he had . 
 her wolf had n't even hesitated . 
 he 'll be safe now . 
 she wrapped her arms around him , holding tight . 
 they 'd just climaxed again , and the pleasure still hummed through her body . 
 then an alarm began to beep , a shrill , deep cry that came from the far right of the room . 
 paige tensed in drake 's arms because she knew what that sound meant . 
 they 're coming . 
 gabe and his vampires had managed to track them through the snow . 
 you did n't find us soon enough , ass ** le . 
 drake pulled away from her and stalked , naked , to the line of monitors . 
 she followed him , but paused long enough to yank on her clothes as fast as she could . 
 she did n't see anyone on the monitors , not yet . 
 `` motion sensor , '' he said , not looking away from that screen . 
 `` could be anything ... '' but the clench in her gut told her that not just anything had triggered that alarm . 
 then she saw the movement of a shadow . 
 no , not a shadow . 
 a wolf . 
 a white wolf , running toward the cabin . 
 paige tensed . 
 `` are we ... are we supposed to be having company ? '' 
 she did n't see anyone else , just that wolf . 
 `` michael . '' 
 while she watched , the wolf began to shift . 
 as the white fur vanished , it almost looked like snow was dripping away to reveal the man 's flesh . 
 then he stood , staring up at the camera . 
 up at them . 
 in that moment , with him back in human form , she recognized the werewolf . 
 paige 's hand went to her throat . 
 the faint scratches were long gone by now , but she never forgot anyone who gave her pain , no matter how slight the wound was . 
 not until she 'd given payback for her injuries . 
 the old paige , the girl she 'd been , had never thought of vengeance and punishment . 
 the vampire knew there had to be a rough justice in the paranormal world . 
 only the strong survived . 
 she 'd survive . 
 so would drake . 
 she 'd make sure of it . 
 `` why is he here ? '' 
 drake demanded . 
 `` he should be at the lake , hunting the vampires . 
 he should - '' `` he 's not alone . '' 
 because she 'd seen the other shadows . 
 the ones that were closing in on the shifter . 
 michael had to hear the vampires . 
 had to smell them . 
 but he just kept walking toward the cabin like he did n't have a care in the world . 
 `` does he know how to get past your security ? '' 
 her heart was racing in her chest . 
 michael headed for the cabin . 
 another camera zoomed in on his face as he approached the front door . 
 for just an instant , paige caught sight of the smile that curved michael 's lips . 
 hell . 
 `` he brought them here , '' she whispered as the cold certainty settled in her gut . 
 michael was going to lead the vampires inside . 
 right to her and drake . 
 they would be sitting ducks for the vamps . 
 their safe house had just become their prison . 
 two of them . 
 two against-how many vamps ? 
 the shadows pushed toward the cabin . 
 one . 
 two . 
 three . 
 four ... five ? 
 `` he 's not getting in , '' drake said as he punched a series of codes into the computer . 
 `` he does n't have the right access code . 
 i changed a few days , and , after he hurt you , i did n't give it to him . '' 
 her breath rushed out . 
 `` never really trusted him , '' drake muttered as he reached for the radio . 
 he connected almost instantly with the compound . 
 `` wolf gone rogue at safe house one , '' he said , biting off the words . 
 `` send back up ... '' michael was n't smiling anymore . 
 he was kicking at the door . 
 punching . 
 guess he 'd realized he did n't the right code to get inside . 
 `` that 's steel , bastard , '' drake said , voice hardening , `` reinforced f ** king steel , and no , i did n't tell your ass about that little feature , either . '' 
 because drake had known that michael might turn on him ? 
 another voice crackled over the radio . 
 `` coming now , alpha . 
 two teams . 
 are there - '' the vampires closed in on michael . 
 they grabbed him and hauled him away from the cabin . 
 michael did n't fight them . 
 the wolf went with them willingly . 
 but she could see he was n't smiling anymore . 
 her chest began to burn . 
 she knew what would happen next . 
 michael might have thought he was working with the vampires . 
 he might have thought that ... `` michael brought the vampires , '' drake said flatly into the radio , `` and , they 're - '' killing him . 
 or , they would be , soon enough . 
 right then , they were holding him down . 
 slicing into him with their razor-sharp fangs . 
 drinking from him . 
 and making sure that the security cameras saw everything . 
 `` get the f ** k here , '' drake snarled and tossed the radio aside . 
 then he whirled and headed for the stairs . 
 paige grabbed him . 
 `` you ca n't go out there . '' 
 a glance at the monitors showed her that michael was fighting back now . 
 screaming . 
 the vampires were still drinking . 
 only it was n't just four vampires any longer . 
 six . 
 her breath caught when she saw gabe . 
 he was n't drinking from the werewolf . 
 gabe just stood there , staring up at the cabin . 
 waiting . 
 he 'd waited on this one attack for years . 
 secrets . 
 she had n't told drake everything yet . 
 there had n't been enough time . 
 there still was n't . 
 `` i 'm alpha , '' he growled as his gaze burned into her . 
 `` michael is one of mine , traitor or not . '' 
 um , there was a not portion ? 
 that guy was a straight-up traitor . 
 no doubt . 
 `` i wo n't let them drain him , '' drake 's voice rumbled over the beeping alarm . 
 `` not while i just watch . '' 
 no , drake would n't do that . 
 he would n't just stand back while another wolf suffered . 
 that was n't who her shifter was . 
 she knew that ... and that was just one of the reasons she 'd known that she had to get close to him again . 
 he 'd taken her blood , but the boost from that blood did n't happen instantaneously . 
 she 'd learned from the vampires in florida-the vamps that were n't twisted freaks-that when a vampire offered her blood to a werewolf , well , the result could be pretty damn amazing . 
 the wolf could become stronger . 
 she wanted drake as strong as he could possibly be . 
 but the boost took a little time . 
 the vampire blood had to work its way through his body . 
 i 'll give him the time he needs . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered because he 'd hate what she was about to do . 
 but , sometimes , a vamp just had to do what she had to do . 
 since he was n't expecting the attack , paige had the advantage . 
 she grabbed drake and shoved him back against the wall . 
 the wall had to be reinforced with steel . 
 the whole place was reinforced . 
 this would hurt . 
 but she had to hurt him in order to save him . 
 `` paige , what the hell - '' she kissed him . 
 a deep , hard kiss that held all the passion and longing she felt for him . 
 did he know that she still loved him ? 
 that she always had ? 
 there 'd never been another in her heart . 
 there was n't room for anyone else . 
 even with all the miles and years between them , drake had been the only one she wanted . 
 he shuddered against her . 
 `` paige . '' 
 lust . 
 need . 
 fury . 
 all were in his voice . 
 and he was about to try and break away from her . 
 she knew it . 
 could n't allow it . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 the words were only in her mind this time . 
 she brought his lips back to hers . 
 kissed him again . 
 she knew just what she had to do . 
 give him an injury that would disable him-for a bit-but allow him to come back even stronger once her blood started pumping fully in his veins . 
 a tear leaked down her cheek . 
 his arms were around her . 
 he was holding her tight . 
 some attacks , you never expected . 
 paige tore her lips from his . 
 in the same instant , she reached up , grabbed his head , and slammed it back against the reinforced wall . 
 the thud of impact had nausea rolling in her gut . 
 her shifter went down with a groan . 
 she stared at him , aware that her heart just hurt . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said again . 
 she had to move fast . 
 she knew shifters-no , she knew him-and he 'd be recovered in three , four minutes tops . 
 he 'd come after her . 
 he 'd go after michael . 
 but drake would n't die . 
 because she would n't allow it . 
 she spun away . 
 punched in the codes she 'd memorized . 
 she 'd watched him so carefully , just in case ... the steel slid back . 
 the trapdoor opened . 
 she rushed through the opening but took precious seconds to secure the door behind her . 
 her gaze flew around the cabin . 
 she rushed to the left , to the right , and did her best to cover that trapdoor and protect her wolf . 
 then she bent down , and her hand slid inside of her boot . 
 oh , that sweet weapon . 
 without a stake , she 'd feel naked . 
 she never left home-or her wolf 's compound-without it . 
 held inside by special straps , the weapon was waiting for her . 
 time to die . 
 she ran out of that cabin and raced right toward her worst nightmare . 
 the vamps were feeding . 
 michael was screaming . 
 and gabe-gabe opened his arms to her as if he were greeting a lost lover . 
 `` i 've missed you , '' he said , voice smooth as silk . 
 paige 's heart raced as she ran into his open arms . 
 *** fury filled him as drake 's eyes flew open . 
 what . 
 the . 
 hell . 
 he leapt to his feet . 
 his gaze went to the monitors , and he saw paige , his paige , running into the open arms of a vampire . 
 the f ** k no . 
 he leapt up the stairs and punched in the code to open the door . 
 the steel slid back , and he shoved against the wood . 
 only ... the wood did n't move . 
 he shoved again . 
 harder . 
 the wood lifted , then fell back down with a snap . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 paige had put something on top of the trapdoor . 
 she 'd locked him in . 
 his beast did n't like to be caged . 
 with a roar , drake slammed his shoulders into that wood . 
 he pushed . 
 he heaved . 
 the wood broke apart . 
 he leapt up , still shoving-the bed , she 'd put the bed on top of the trapdoor-then raced for the front door . 
 he could hear the snarls and shouts and they seemed to burn his ears . 
 the image of paige running into that vampire 's arms was branded into his mind . 
 why ? 
 why ? 
 he rushed outside . 
 saw the blood on the ground . 
 michael . 
 still alive . 
 barely moving . 
 paige-she was ... `` hello , alpha . '' 
 the taunting voice came from his left . 
 drake 's claws were out and so ready to claw that sob apart . 
 `` did you lose something ? '' 
 the vampire asked as drake turned to face him . 
 the vampire was tall . 
 blond . 
 bleeding . 
 and he held paige in his arms . 
 the embrace was n't one of a lover , though . 
 one of the vampire 's arms locked around her throat , while the vamp 's other hand held a wooden stake right over paige 's heart . 
 `` because it looks like i found something . '' 
 the vamp smiled , flashing fangs . 
 drake saw the other vampires stalking toward him . 
 was he supposed to be intimidated ? 
 scared ? 
 he was just pissed . 
 `` let her go . '' 
 the vampire-he had to be the one paige had told him about , the one she 'd called gabe-shook his head and laughed . 
 `` if that 's what you want ... she 's already served her purpose . '' 
 drake was looking at paige then . 
 he saw her eyes flare wide in horror , then gabe spun her around so that she faced the vampire . 
 `` you 're free now , '' the vampire told her , voice soft , almost tender , `` because that 's what your wolf wants . '' 
 paige struggled against him , clawing , punching - drake realized , too late , just what the ass ** le was doing . 
 you 're free now . 
 he was killing her . 
 drake roared and lunged forward , forgetting the other vampires , desperate to reach paige , to help her and - gunfire . 
 bullets . 
 thudding into his flesh . 
 burning . 
 tearing apart muscle and bone . 
 his blood spilled onto the ground . 
 his legs stopped working . 
 he wanted to reach paige , but he could n't . 
 he was falling . 
 the snow turned red beneath him . 
 his claws lifted as he tried to dig out the bullets . 
 so many . 
 in his chest . 
 his back . 
 he managed to tilt back his head . 
 he could see paige . 
 she was still fighting with gabe . 
 the stake was covered in blood . 
 but she was still alive . 
 she glanced back at drake and screamed his name . 
 he 'd promised to protect her . 
 she 'd asked him for just one thing . 
 i want you to rip his head off , and i want you to make damn sure that he never rises again . 
 now that vampire was laughing . 
 she was bleeding . 
 and i 'm dying . 
 no , no , he would n't die . 
 he would n't go out like this . 
 drake called on the beast within . 
 wake up . 
 drake pushed to his feet . 
 stumbled . 
 yanked out the silver in his shoulder and barely felt the burn . 
 wake up . 
 the beast hated silver . 
 but the wolf loved the woman who was screaming for him . 
 a vampire came at him , still with a gun in his hand . 
 fool . 
 you came too close . 
 drake grabbed the gun . 
 shot the vampire in the chest . 
 swiped out with his claws . 
 this time , it was the vampire that fell . 
 drake dug another bullet from his flesh . 
 the smoke from his blistering fingertips rose in the air . 
 another vampire came at him . 
 a swipe of his claws and the vampire 's blood flowed . 
 `` stop him ! '' 
 gabe 's scream of fury . 
 then all the vampires swarmed him . 
 even though drake still had at least three silver bullets in him , he did n't hesitate when they attacked . 
 he roared and slashed into the chest of the nearest vamp . 
 another one down . 
 bye , ass ** le . 
 the other two vamps-they just turned and ran . 
 drake grabbed a weapon that had been tossed aside and turned his focus on the one that mattered . 
 the vampire that was about to lose his damn head . 
 `` how ? '' 
 gabe gritted as he stared at drake with fury boiling in his dark gaze . 
 `` you ca n't - you 're not strong enough - '' paige 's laughter cut through his words . 
 `` he 's strong enough ... if he 's got vampire blood in him . '' 
 drake could still taste her on his tongue . 
 mark me . 
 the wolf had claimed his mate . 
 marked her . 
 and tasted her blood . 
 `` you bitch . '' 
 gabe shook paige , sending her head snapping back . 
 begging for death . 
 drake fired the gun . 
 it just clicked . 
 no more bullets . 
 that was all right . 
 he wanted to get his hands bloody . 
 `` you did this to him ! '' 
 gabe shouted . 
 the guy did n't even seem to see drake closing in on him . 
 the stake had fallen from his hand . 
 `` you made him - '' `` stronger , '' paige gasped out as blood dripped from her lips . 
 `` i made him strong enough to kill you ... just in case i could n't . '' 
 her words had drake 's body tensing . 
 he 'd kill the vamp for her , all right . 
 a promise is a promise . 
 drake grabbed paige and yanked her away from gabe . 
 drake 's wolf was snarling , his claws were fully extended , and he was ready to destroy . 
 the stake broke beneath his feet , and he broke gabe 's neck with one twist of his wrist . 
 but the vampire just laughed-and his bones snapped back into place almost instantly . 
 `` try harder , '' gabe murmured . 
 there was no fear on the vampire 's face or in his eyes . 
 `` come on , let 's see what you can do , alpha . 
 let 's see if you can fight as hard as you father did . '' 
 his father ? 
 what did his - more laughter from gabe . 
 colder than the night that surrounded them . 
 `` you thought that you got all the vamps from that attack , huh ? 
 think again , alpha . 
 think f ** king again . '' 
 gabe barred his teeth . 
 `` those vamps attacked because i gave the order . 
 only they were supposed to have killed your sorry ass that night , too . '' 
 but he had n't been at home when his family was so brutally attacked . 
 he 'd been out , watching paige as she worked at a little diner . 
 he 'd gone to that diner over and over , eager to catch a glimpse of her . 
 that night , he 'd finally asked her out . 
 he 'd been so excited when he 'd gone back home . 
 she 'd said yes ! 
 then he 'd found the blood and the bodies waiting on him . 
 `` jeremiah let me in , '' gabe told him as the vamp circled around drake . 
 `` he knew you 'd be the next alpha , and he was n't ready to let go of the pack . 
 he let me kill them all ... and drink all that shifter blood . '' 
 because shifter blood was stronger than human blood . 
 far more powerful . 
 jeremiah had fed his own pack to this prick ? 
 why ? 
 `` your bastard alpha was addicted ... the same way she wants you to be ... to vampire blood . '' 
 he could taste her ... the wolf howled within him , desperate to break free and attack . 
 drake sucked in a deep breath . 
 paige was on the ground . 
 still , like a broken , beautiful doll . 
 `` it 's not the blood i 'm addicted to , '' drake told gabe , voice growling . 
 the beast was coming out . 
 the vamp was dying . 
 `` it 's her . '' 
 he leapt at the vamp even as the shift burned through him . 
 the vamp would get in a few swipes while he transformed , no way around that , because drake was weak in those moments when he was locked between man and beast . 
 but he had to shift . 
 the shift would push the rest of the silver from his body , and the wolf would be stronger than the man . 
 the wolf would take the vamp 's head . 
 gabe was smiling as he lunged toward drake . 
 the vamp 's fangs were barred and - `` think f ** king again , '' paige shouted , throwing the vamp 's words right back at him . 
 then gunfire thundered . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 she had picked up one of the other discarded guns . 
 but , unlike the weapon drake had chosen , her gun still had ammunition . 
 she filled gabe 's chest with the silver bullets . 
 he stumbled back , screaming and bleeding . 
 not a broken doll , not anymore . 
 time to die , gabe . 
 in his mind , drake could see his mother 's broken body . 
 his father 's pale face . 
 the shift was over . 
 the wolf growled and charged the vamp . 
 they fell down in a tangle of limbs and claws . 
 the vampire was biting , tearing into the wolf 's body , and punching with his enhanced strength . 
 gabe was too used to pushing around humans . 
 too used to torturing them . 
 wolves were n't so easy to take down . 
 `` k-killed the alpha ... '' gabe gritted out as they fought . 
 `` and i 'll kill you , too . '' 
 blood dripped down his chin . 
 `` the vamps are taking over this - '' drake 's teeth locked around the pureblood 's throat . 
 paige was standing right behind him . 
 he could smell her sweet scent , hear the ragged gasp of her breaths . 
 this was it . 
 she 'd be free . 
 his parents could rest in peace . 
 but gabe was still laughing . 
 `` mine ... '' gabe gasped , spitting blood . 
 `` she 'll ... always be ... mine . 
 the vamps ... win . 
 we take ... alaska ... '' no , he would n't win . 
 when the wolf 's teeth sank deep , the vamp did n't speak again . 
 he just died . 
 chapter eight it was over . 
 paige turned away from the sight of gabe 's body . 
 she did n't want to see anymore . 
 she just wanted - wolves surrounded her . 
 oh , crap , when had they arrived ? 
 she had n't even noticed them . 
 she 'd been so intent on fighting gabe and helping drake that she had n't been aware of the wolves . 
 they could move so quietly as they prepared for an attack . 
 a dozen wolves formed a circle around her and drake . 
 they stood back . 
 watching , waiting . 
 had they heard gabe 's final taunt ? 
 hell , she knew the wolves were n't going to let her stay in the pack , so they did n't have to worry about her taking over their precious territory . 
 the minute gabe had transformed her , she 'd known that her dream of finding drake and staying with him-forever-well , it had truly just been a dream . 
 they might have sex . 
 they might turn to each other in the darkness , but his pack would never accept her . 
 and she would n't ask him to leave the wolves . 
 she held up her hands and realized they were stained with blood . 
 her own . 
 gabe 's . 
 `` easy ... '' the black wolf near her snarled . 
 great . 
 just - drake leapt in front of her . 
 he opened his mouth and howled his fury at the pack . 
 paige shivered . 
 she had n't been afraid when she faced off against gabe and the vamps . 
 she 'd been too pissed . 
 but now , with the wolves circling , hell , yes , she could admit to fear . 
 these wolves would love to rip and tear her apart . 
 once they found out the truth about what she 'd done , the final secret that she 'd kept from them ... they 'd want her head , just as she 'd wanted gabe 's . 
 drake was shifting back into the form of a man before her . 
 the snap and crunch of his bones filled her ears . 
 but she did n't wait around for him to finish shifting . 
 paige knew an exit time when she saw one . 
 `` do n't worry , '' she told the wolves-jeez , it sure looked like they were about to rip her limb from limb . 
 `` i 'm leaving . '' 
 she had friends waiting for her . 
 friends who 'd helped her reach alaska . 
 friends who 'd be glad to welcome her back to the vampire world . 
 we 're not all monsters . 
 she 'd learned that . 
 some vampires were more than just predators . 
 just as the werewolves were more . 
 she kept her steps nice and slow . 
 the wolves could probably smell her fear , but a running target-that was prey they 'd always instinctively chase . 
 no sense giving them any more reason to want her blood . 
 `` you 're not leaving me . '' 
 drake 's voice . 
 guttural . 
 still more beast than man . 
 she froze . 
 `` the deal 's over . '' 
 not the conversation she wanted to have in front of a wolf pack . 
 `` gabe 's dead . '' 
 you 're safe . 
 he grabbed her hand . 
 pulled her close . 
 she could smell the metallic scent of the silver hanging in the air . 
 she 'd come too close to losing him . 
 if he had n't taken her blood ... she swallowed . 
 `` let me go . '' 
 dammit , the words were a plea . 
 because she knew he wanted her , just as much as she wanted him . 
 i 'm addicted to her . 
 but sometimes , the things you wanted most were the things that would destroy you . 
 his head lowered toward hers . 
 `` i killed for you . '' 
 she 'd wanted to kill for him . 
 to protect him , she would have done anything . 
 i did . 
 `` do you know how your alpha died ? '' 
 paige asked him quietly . 
 maybe he knew some of the details already . 
 there were spies in the vampire covens . 
 for the right price , they 'd share any information . 
 she 'd sure offered up enough money over the years for the intel they 'd given her . 
 drake frowned down at her . 
 the wolves behind him still did n't move . 
 `` your old alpha was fed poisoned vampire blood . '' 
 jeremiah had thought that he 'd get stronger by taking the vampire blood . 
 if he 'd been given normal vamp blood , he would have become stronger . 
 but he 'd been ingesting blood laced with silver for years . 
 poison , building up in his body . 
 eating away at him from the inside . 
 he 'd lost his ability to shift . 
 he 'd lost his ability to walk . 
 to talk . 
 to breathe . 
 because gabe had always enjoyed his torture . 
 `` i knew what was happening to him , '' she said . 
 she 'd known for a long time . 
 long enough to save him . 
 only she had n't wanted to save him . 
 she 'd wanted him to suffer . 
 `` i did n't stop it because i wanted that bastard dead . '' 
 a wolf snarled from somewhere behind her . 
 screw them all . 
 she turned and barred her fangs right back at the snarling beast . 
 the wolf shut up . 
 good . 
 paige exhaled on a low , rough sigh and turned back to meet drake 's intense stare . 
 `` but when jeremiah finally died , i-i knew gabe would come after you . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` but i was n't gon na let you die . 
 i knew i 'd do whatever i had to do ... in order to keep you safe . '' 
 and she 'd done her part . 
 he 'd survived . 
 `` it was n't ever about me taking his head ... to protect you , '' drake muttered . 
 no , she had n't been the one who needed protection . 
 `` you tricked me into taking your blood , '' drake said as he towered over her . 
 eyes so intent . 
 body naked . 
 strong . 
 his hand tightened around her wrist . 
 `` you got me to drink , so i 'd be strong enough to kill the pureblood when he came after me . '' 
 because despite what drake had originally thought , even an alpha was n't strong enough to take out a vamp like gabe-not gabe and his silver wielding buddies . 
 but an alpha pumped up on vamp blood ? 
 he could kick ass and destroy any vamp in his path . 
 the wolves were shifting around them . 
 transforming into men and women and the snow was falling again . 
 she did n't look at the dead body on the ground . 
 and michael-he was groaning and struggling to his feet . 
 some of the shifters went to help him . 
 `` leave him , '' drake ordered , voice tight with fury . 
 `` he worked with the vampires . 
 he led them right to me . '' 
 the shifters froze . 
 `` he 's banished from the pack , '' drake said flatly . 
 a judgment . 
 cold and brutal . 
 `` leave him where the f ** k he is . '' 
 his head turned as he stared over at michael . 
 `` you 're still breathing , so count yourself damn lucky . '' 
 when drake 's gaze came back to her , paige forced herself to meet that hard stare . 
 so much fury . 
 how much was for her ? 
 for the vamp he 'd killed ? 
 and for the traitor he 'd had in his own midst ? 
 `` you lied to me , '' drake said . 
 the words were low and all the more lethal for their softness . 
 `` from the beginning , '' paige agreed , her own voice just as soft . 
 but there was no reason for lies anymore . 
 she 'd done her job . 
 she 'd protected him . 
 they 'd saved each other . 
 now they could go their separate ways . 
 he 'd go back to his pack . 
 she 'd go back to the life she 'd created in florida . 
 so what if she went back without a heart ? 
 she 'd been missing that particular organ for years . 
 paige turned away . 
 she had to get out of there . 
 her chest was burning . 
 aching . 
 looking at drake just hurt too much . 
 her job was done . 
 time to leave before he saw through her mask . 
 i want you . 
 i want to stay . 
 some things just were n't meant to be . 
 but paige did n't run away . 
 she walked . 
 one foot in front of the other . 
 slow . 
 steady . 
 `` was everything a lie ? '' 
 she stopped . 
 did n't look back . 
 `` not everything . '' 
 then because-hell , what did she have to lose ? 
 paige glanced back over her shoulder . 
 `` i really have always loved you . '' 
 from the first moment she saw him . 
 `` and i always will . '' 
 then she kept walking . 
 because sometimes , love just was n't enough . 
 not when you were a vampire . 
 and not when the man you wanted more than blood was a werewolf . 
 *** did paige really think that she was just going to walk away ? 
 hell , no . 
 drake watched her as she left him . 
 the snow drifted over her dark hair . 
 her steps were slow but certain . 
 not running ... just leaving him . 
 right after she 'd said she loved him ? 
 the woman was about to break him . 
 he inhaled deeply , drawing in her scent . 
 he 'd never lose her again . 
 never . 
 `` get rid of the bodies . '' 
 easy enough in the wild . 
 `` head back to the compound . '' 
 because the battle was n't over . 
 not for him . 
 his gaze swept around the assembled wolves . 
 `` then if there is any one of you who wants to challenge me , take your best shot . '' 
 he was ready for a fight with claws and teeth and blood and fury . 
 `` because my mate is going to be with me , in my pack , by my side , for the rest of my life . '' 
 even if his life was shorter than hers . 
 he 'd take what he could get . 
 mate . 
 that was what paige was . 
 she 'd been his mate since she was nineteen . 
 she 'd be his until he took his last breath . 
 vampire , werewolf-it did n't matter . 
 she was his . 
 he 'd fight for her , just as she 'd fought for him . 
 when the fight was over , he 'd find her . 
 i 'll come after you , paige . 
 always . 
 *** silence . 
 drake stared at the group of shifters who 'd assembled in the compound 's courtyard . 
 no one spoke . 
 no one moved . 
 they all stood before him . 
 waiting . 
 he wore a pair of jeans , hanging low on his hips , and his claws were out . 
 his gaze swept over them all . 
 `` who 's first ? '' 
 the wolf inside was already howling . 
 he 'd fight to give paige a place at his side because he damn well was n't living without her . 
 no one stepped forward . 
 `` who 's first ? '' 
 they were n't meeting his stare . 
 the shifters backed up , showing submission . 
 all of them backed up ... except for heath . 
 his first-in-command stepped forward . 
 first . 
 but heath lifted his hands and no claws burst from his fingertips . 
 `` i have no quarrel with you or your mate . '' 
 drake grabbed him . 
 lifted him into the air . 
 `` that 's not what you said before . '' 
 `` before ... '' heath swallowed and shook his head . 
 `` before i did n't know what she 'd risk for you . '' 
 everything . 
 `` we saw the blood . 
 the bodies . 
 we know what she did . '' 
 fought . 
 saved him . 
 saved the pack . 
 drake dropped the other shifter . 
 heath scrambled to his feet . 
 `` we 'll protect her , swear allegiance to her , just as we do to you . '' 
 there was a murmur or agreement from the shifters . 
 not silence , not anymore . 
 the murmur turned into a growing roar of approval . 
 determination . 
 `` so go get your mate , '' heath told him , voice fierce now . 
 `` bring her into the pack . 
 bring her back where she belongs . '' 
 drake 's bare feet sank into the snow as he rushed through the crowd . 
 paige 's sweet scent still filled his nose . 
 he was n't losing her this time . 
 not this time . 
 drake ran after his mate , and as he ran , he knew exactly where he 'd find her . 
 *** the frozen lake stared back up at her . 
 so still and cold . 
 paige was shivering and she was hungry and she just ached . 
 but she was still alive . 
 sort of , anyway , and pain was just part of life . 
 she turned away from the lake . 
 and found drake watching her . 
 she was so surprised to see him that she flinched . 
 `` d-drake ? '' 
 he stood next to an old , twisted tree , one bent beneath the weight of the snow . 
 `` i was supposed to meet you here , '' he said , voice rumbling . 
 intense . 
 dark . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` th-that was a long time ago . '' 
 he pulled a necklace from the back pocket of his jeans . 
 her necklace . 
 the one he 'd taken away that first night . 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` do you know why i gave this to you ? '' 
 she did . 
 she 'd known him so well back then . 
 `` because you loved me . '' 
 the words were said with certainty . 
 once upon a time , a boy had loved a girl . 
 once upon a time ... he stalked toward her . 
 did n't even seem to feel the cold . 
 but then , he would n't . 
 not like she did . 
 he came toward her and lifted the necklace . 
 `` i still do love you , sweet . '' 
 she raised her hand and stopped him before he could slide that necklace over her head . 
 `` you ... you took this from me . '' 
 because of what she was . 
 not a girl . 
 not just a boy . 
 a vampire . 
 a werewolf . 
 `` i was going out of my mind that night . 
 i 'd missed you for so long ... '' his breath heaved out in a rush . 
 `` i hurt , and i wanted to hurt you . '' 
 a dark admission . 
 his head bowed . 
 `` i want to make it up to you . 
 i want to make everything up to you . '' 
 and there , in the snow , with the lake behind her and too many memories around them , drake dropped to his knees . 
 her breath rushed out . 
 an alpha should never submit to another like this . 
 it was n't the way of the pack . 
 it was n't - his hand clenched around the necklace . 
 `` i thought you did n't want me . '' 
 she 'd always wanted him . 
 `` i never loved anyone else . 
 all those years ... the only one to ever touch my heart ... was you . '' 
 he looked up at her . 
 she saw the beast and the man in his eyes . 
 `` stay with me . '' 
 a plea , from a man who 'd never pleaded for anything before . 
 paige could n't speak . 
 `` i can make things right for you . 
 i 'll make you happy , i swear . 
 just give me a chance . '' 
 she licked her lips and tasted the sorrow from the past . 
 `` i 'm not the same ... '' `` you 're stronger . 
 more beautiful . 
 and i f ** king love you even more than i did before . '' 
 her hands touched his shoulders . 
 hesitant . 
 hopeful . 
 `` you ... do ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 said with a growl . 
 said as he stared into her eyes . 
 in his gaze , she saw - the future . 
 `` i want you to be with me , for as long as i walk this earth . '' 
 now his words came faster . 
 `` i wo n't live as long as you , i know that . 
 just give me those years , just give me - '' she sank to her knees before him . 
 kissed him . 
 kissed him so hard that they tumbled back onto the soft snow . 
 and he tasted so good . 
 like forever . 
 because that was what she could give to him . 
 her head lifted slowly . 
 `` i can give you more . '' 
 if he 'd let her . 
 his brows pulled low . 
 his arms were around her , holding her so close . 
 `` you 'll stay with me ? '' 
 `` the pack - '' `` they want you to stay . 
 they want you to come home . '' 
 home . 
 `` fifty years , '' he told her , `` sixty . 
 give me that , give me - '' she shook her head and saw the stark pain flash across his face . 
 `` i love you , '' he told her but he sounded ... lost . 
 she knew because she 'd been lost for years . 
 `` i can give you more , '' paige promised him . 
 because she 'd learned so much from the vampires who 'd helped her in florida . 
 down there , another werewolf had paired with a vampire female . 
 they 'd discovered that if a vampire 's blood was shared , the wolf would become stronger . 
 aging stopped for the wolf . 
 death was put on hold . 
 jeremiah had thought that he was cheating death by drinking from a vamp , but that blood had been poison . 
 she 'd never poison drake . 
 she 'd give him her blood , and she 'd give him ... `` forever , '' paige whispered and kissed drake again . 
 as she kissed him , she heard the howl of wolves in the distance . 
 she was n't afraid of that sound . 
 she was n't afraid of anything . 
 not anymore . 
 because she was n't lost now . 
 she was home and safe ... in the arms of her wolf . 
