 chapter 1 griffin and i stood on the streets of veshtul , upon the planet named after a god . 
 i recognized the streets and narrow lanes with their multicolored bricks , colorful shops and vending stands run by the comesuli . 
 when i 'd seen it before with kifirin at my side , it had been a peaceful scene in early twilight . 
 comesuli had called out to one another as businesses were shut down for the evening . 
 now , instead of the tranquil city i 'd visited before , the shops were deserted and chaos , noise and destruction reigned . 
 smoke billowed from fires burning throughout veshtul , and the scent of death was everywhere . 
 i cringed as an explosion rocked the ground beneath my feet and shops collapsed around us . 
 thousands of copper ra'ak fought throughout veshtul , killing many as they lashed out , or crushing others as they crawled along . 
 screaming comesuli ran before them , desperate to escape the deadly creatures . 
 in the distance , dragon 's roar sounded as he fought off one of the monsters . 
 three other dragons fought beside him ; i saw them as they charged their prey-a black dragon , a silver dragon and a gold dragon . 
 others were fighting ra'ak as well ; a black gryphon fought alongside a huge snow leopard . 
 giant birds swept the sky , screaming in anger as ra'ak leapt at them , attempting to sink rows of deadly teeth into feathered flesh . 
 a separate battle raged between high demons-thousands of them warred with one another and from a distance , it was difficult to tell who might be friend or foe . 
 they were all in full thifilathi and a single confrontation between any two of them was fierce and terrible to witness . 
 griffin set me down in one of the few remaining areas of veshtul that had n't been touched by copper-scaled monsters or battles between high demons . 
 `` you can make this right , lissa , '' griffin whispered in my ear as i gazed in horror at the war before us . 
 i turned to him , then-he was still frightened , his voice urgent . 
 `` it is n't just the ra'ak ; the two largest high demon houses have allied with them . 
 they will kill the saa thalarr and all who live here if you do not stop them . '' 
 griffin 's words shocked me-this was connected to the dream i 'd had about the high demon king and his queen . 
 all of it was coming true before me . 
 there was more to this story , too ; i could see it in griffin 's eyes . 
 he just was n't telling me the full tale . 
 nevertheless , what he 'd told me was truth ; he could n't lie , just as merrill said . 
 if i did n't do something , kifirin would fall . 
 `` all right . '' 
 i nodded at griffin , took a deep breath , turned to mist and threw myself into the battle . 
 * * * there are too many of them , adam shouted mentally to lynx , who fought nearby , his giant cat ripping into a ra'ak with his claws . 
 i never thought our last stand would be like this , lynx replied before cutting off mental communication . 
 the ra'ak he fought commanded his full attention . 
 * * * xenides ' death had given me the weapon i needed-i no longer had to come in contact with poisoned outer scales to defeat the ra'ak . 
 i could mist inside their heads and blow my mist outward . 
 they exploded , just as anything else might . 
 it was a chain reaction , after a while . 
 i found a ra'ak , he died . 
 i found the next one and he died-as quickly as i could mist from one to the other . 
 i lost count quickly , so many were destroyed . 
 and the high demons i found that held taint ? 
 they died just as easily as the ra'ak did . 
 the high demons , good and bad , all fought in full thifilathi . 
 they were at least seventeen feet tall in that form ; all of them horned , black-scaled , winged , terrible to look upon and fought to the death . 
 most fought with other high demons , but some were targeted by ra'ak . 
 it took many ra'ak to bring down even one high demon . 
 a high demon i misted past was in trouble , fighting off six ra'ak at once , so i gave him a little help . 
 he would probably never know what had come to save him there at the end , just as he was about to fall . 
 the other high demons battled one another , their roars deafening as they ripped flesh and limbs away with powerful hands and deadly claws . 
 nearly half the high demons fighting held taint , and with the thousands of ra'ak helping those rogues , the battle was certainly weighted in their favor . 
 until i showed up , that is . 
 the comesuli , though , had been caught off guard in their city and had no defense against those attacking them . 
 they ran from the ra'ak , some of which were eating the comesuli they could reach and allowing their poisonous scales and crushing weight to destroy others . 
 i wanted to weep in frustration as i misted toward those ra'ak . 
 they died , but a sad side effect of killing ra'ak is that they dust , blasting their fist-sized chunks in all directions and killing anything in their path . 
 i found myself praying that the comesuli casualties would be light and that roff and giff would be safe . 
 shoving my anger at so many comesuli deaths aside , i became a killing machine . 
 four seconds passed , a ra'ak died . 
 another four seconds , another ra'ak blasted outward . 
 eventually , though , my timing stretched out . 
 i was tiring . 
 the battle with xenides earlier , combined with the taking of my blood by the council , wearied me . 
 it took longer to pull my mist together . 
 ten seconds it took . 
 and then twenty . 
 forty . 
 more than a minute . 
 five minutes . 
 until the moment came when i reached exhaustion . 
 i did n't have enough energy to kill anything past that point . 
 not without killing myself . 
 the noise and destruction continued in the distance , but i found myself kneeling amid a pile of debris , surrounded by a relative sea of calm-if you call crushed shops , dead comesuli and ra'ak chunks littering the ground a sea of calm . 
 i panted as i gazed about me-devastation and the scent of spilled blood was everywhere . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't get her sooner , '' i had trouble gasping out the words . 
 i saw a hand stretched from beneath a collapsed wall . 
 a severed leg nearby . 
 a head , matted with blood . 
 all dead . 
 i did n't hear a heartbeat anywhere around me . 
 but the worst ? 
 just to my left lay a comesula , his tiny , lifeless child still clutched in his arms . 
 they 'd been crushed to death while attempting to flee . 
 i hugged my arms tightly around myself , wanting to weep when there was no moisture left in my body to make the tears . 
 still struggling for breath , i was wishing for a drink of water on a world i could n't find on a star map anywhere . 
 where had griffin gone ? 
 was he lost , like so many others ? 
 these thoughts ran through my mind while i knelt there , working to catch my breath , trying to muster enough strength to stand . 
 kifirin-this was his world . 
 where was he ? 
 why was n't he helping ? 
 griffin-was this one of those things for which i 'd been the answer ? 
 was this the ultimate reason he 'd searched out my mother to create a child ? 
 kifirin and griffin-how did those two know each other , and why ? 
 they 'd engineered this somehow ; i was sure of it . 
 while i pondered those scattered thoughts , something crunched nearby . 
 a noise of scales , scraping across colored bricks came , and then more crunching as an enormous , copper body crawled over wrecked shops and the bodies of the dead . 
 lifting my eyes , i watched as the largest ra'ak i 'd ever seen approached , and i 'd killed plenty that were quite large . 
 at least seventy feet in length he was ; his copper body wide and gleaming in the late afternoon light . 
 his mouth was open , revealing rows of lengthy , needle-sharp teeth . 
 his eyes , too , were darting quickly , searching his surroundings as he crawled along . 
 he was hunting someone . 
 he was hunting me . 
 i only had to turn my body to mist before he caught sight of me , and i would be invisible to him . 
 he would crawl right past me , never knowing his target was mere feet away . 
 this was the ra'ak prince-i knew it . 
 he was searching for whatever had killed so many of his kind . 
 it was easy ; i 'd made it easy . 
 the killing had stopped right where i was . 
 should i go to mist and let him slide past , or should i spend my last breath and destroy him ? 
 when i killed xenides , i knew his machinations would stop with his death . 
 he 'd been the puppet-master , pulling all the other 's strings . 
 his goal of destroying life on earth had died with him . 
 sounds of fighting , screaming and roaring still reached me from a distance ; the copper prince 's remaining subjects continued to wage his battle . 
 but the worst that came to my ears were the screams of the comesuli as they died . 
 were more children dying with them ? 
 would it stop , if this one crawling toward me died ? 
 would it stop , if i died with him ? 
 this would take my life . 
 i knew that . 
 i did n't have enough strength to pull my mist together if i blew it outward again . 
 i almost had n't done it the last time . 
 if i did this , it would be a calculated decision on my part . 
 one i 'm sure griffin had seen . 
 he 'd seen all the other things , had n't he ? 
 he 'd known i would n't be able to stop until i 'd done everything i could . 
 i struggled to stand , making myself visible to the ra'ak , who hissed immediately and prepared to strike . 
 i might have been a blink or two slower to turn to mist , but the momentum of the ra'ak 's thrust as he lashed out , carried my mist right through his head and allowed it to lodge inside his brain . 
 working as quickly as i could , i wound my mist tightly before loosing it for the very last time . 
 chapter 2 an explosion rocked the ground beneath dragon 's clawed feet as he snapped the head from the ra'ak he 'd been fighting . 
 his three sons fought nearby , all desperate to take the monsters down . 
 all other saa thalarr fought the ra'ak , some in teams , others alone . 
 the high demons loyal to the crown fought beside the saa thalarr , along with a handful of black ra'ak , who 'd allied themselves with the saa thalarr in an attempt to take down the renegade copper monsters . 
 when the explosion came , however , the copper ra'ak had already been reduced to a more reasonable number . 
 there was now hope , whereas before , the task had been impossible . 
 none knew what had killed so many copper ra'ak or their high demon allies , they only knew that they 'd died and in the strangest of ways . 
 now , many of the copper monsters were attempting to fold away from kifirin , rather than staying to fight . 
 the larentii , who 'd come to do what they could , quickly placed a shield around the planet to prevent escape . 
 once the copper prince died and any avenue of escape disappeared , the few remaining copper ra'ak lost their will to fight and were easily destroyed . 
 * * * `` what just happened ? '' 
 merrill changed from his snow leopard form and stood panting on the steps of the high demons ' palace . 
 adam chessman , the black gryphon , appeared at merrill 's side , the same question on his lips . 
 `` my darling , are you well ? '' 
 merrill reached out to kiarra , who materialized on the steps between him and adam . 
 adam was already running his hands over her , searching for injuries . 
 kiarra was mated to both adam and merrill , in addition to pheligar the larentii , who as yet had n't made an appearance . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 merrill turned swiftly as griffin appeared nearby . 
 the retired saa thalarr wept and fell to his knees on the palace steps . 
 `` griffin ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 kiarra went immediately to griffin 's side , merrill and adam close behind her . 
 `` brother , what is it ? '' 
 merrill dropped to his knees beside griffin , who was sobbing . 
 `` i had to do it , '' griffin wept . 
 `` i had to . '' 
 `` do what , brother ? '' 
 merrill asked gently . 
 `` bring her forward in time . 
 she was the answer , merrill . 
 the only one . 
 i killed her . '' 
 `` who ? 
 who died ? '' 
 kiarra knelt to stroke griffin 's hair . 
 `` lissa , '' griffin 's voice held pain . 
 `` it was lissa . '' 
 * * * `` why did n't we remember ? '' 
 merrill paced angrily before pheligar . 
 pheligar looked tired and out of sorts , and larentii never looked tired and out of sorts . 
 `` the memories were removed after she was brought forward in time , '' pheligar replied stiffly . 
 `` none were allowed to remember her , so none could interfere . 
 kifirin made a mistake when he gave the ability to travel through time to the ra'ak . 
 three of those creatures managed to escape before our shield was placed . 
 they will certainly carry tales back to the others-the four thousand ra'ak that died here today are only a small portion of their total population . 
 had the little vampire queen lived , they would hunt her through the timeline and destroy her for killing their prince . '' 
 pheligar 's gaze traveled over the devastation of veshtul . 
 many had died , but lissa had managed to save most . 
 `` had anyone remembered her in the past , '' pheligar added , `` she would have become a target while she lived . 
 many would have sought her death and it would have been meaningless when she died at their hands on earth , just to prevent this from happening . '' 
 pheligar stretched out a hand-he and merrill stood on the uppermost dome of the high demon 's palace to hold their private conversation . 
 `` so , the memories were removed to prevent her from becoming a target-until today , '' merrill muttered . 
 `` sadly , that is truth , '' pheligar agreed . 
 `` the vampires on earth no longer remember her-the memory was only given back to the saa thalarr and a few others . '' 
 `` yes , i remembered as soon as i heard her name , as did wlodek , radomir , russell , will , weldon , charles , brock and the others who are now saa thalarr or spawn hunters . '' 
 `` as she is now dead , it no longer matters that the others do not recall her . 
 it is an injustice to the little queen , i know , '' pheligar admitted , raising a hand before merrill could protest . 
 `` all her deeds wiped away and attributed to others . '' 
 `` it was n't only this world she saved , '' merrill muttered . 
 `` kifirin is the balance for all the worlds . 
 those copper idiots were about to destroy everything if they took it down . '' 
 `` i know that well , '' pheligar nodded . 
 `` it is the only reason the larentii came . '' 
 * * past * * merrill turned kiarra 's written message in his hands . 
 a note coming from her surprised him greatly . 
 not that adam and kiarra did n't contact him often-they did . 
 he 'd expected to hear from griffin , though ; merrill was waiting for his old friend to bring lissa home . 
 the grounds surrounding the manor were wet from a brief rain and weak sunlight shone down as merrill gazed through his study window . 
 for fifteen hundred years , merrill had walked in daylight . 
 it was a gift that came with griffin 's blood . 
 merrill was powerful before as a king vampire , but after receiving griffin 's blood , he 'd become legend . 
 many hunted him through the centuries , and he 'd taken all of them down . 
 it was easy-griffin made it possible , and all because merrill helped griffin kill spawn fifteen hundred years in the past . 
 merrill sighed and turned away from the window . 
 wlodek also waited for lissa 's return-the head of the vampire council was eager to make an official announcement to the council that lissa would be joining them -lrb- although they already knew ; they 'd seen the evidence for themselves -rrb- . 
 lissa would sit with wlodek at council meetings as a queen , and not just any queen-the strongest and most talented that any of them had ever seen . 
 instead of griffin , however , kiarra had contacted merrill , asking for a meeting in the afternoon . 
 it was three days after griffin snatched lissa away , claiming he needed her help . 
 merrill sighed-he and wlodek had both attempted to stop griffin . 
 who knew where he 'd taken lissa and why ? 
 wlodek worried that she 'd be offered a place with the saa thalarr , just as they 'd offered with adam chessman . 
 chessman had accepted the invitation without a backward glance . 
 the vampires needed lissa on earth-the saa thalarr could find someone else , wlodek insisted . 
 a knock came on merrill 's study door , interrupting his thoughts . 
 `` what is it , franklin ? '' 
 merrill had to tread carefully with his human child ; franklin lost his mate three weeks earlier and had wandered about the house listlessly since . 
 merrill had some making up to do with lissa when she returned ; he and wlodek had made the decision not to give her news of greg 's death . 
 wlodek wanted her to remain focused on xenides and the rest of his and saxom 's turns instead of grieving for a lost friend . 
 anthony was also fragile ; gavin had taken over tony 's teaching as his surrogate sire after the death of his cousin rene . 
 rene 's loss was a grievous one . 
 he 'd gone on many special assignments for wlodek over the years and wlodek certainly felt his absence . 
 `` kiarra , adam and dragon are here , father . '' 
 franklin opened the door to merrill 's study quietly , making sure merrill was prepared to receive guests . 
 `` please , bring them in . '' 
 merrill was happy to see kiarra anytime . 
 kiarra was ushered inside merrill 's study , followed by adam chessman and the former falchani warrior , dragon . 
 merrill had seen dragon once before , prior to saxom 's death in corpus christi four years earlier . 
 merrill 's eyebrows lifted when kiarra walked in ; there was something different about her-she seemed sad and troubled . 
 `` you 're right , '' kiarra sighed heavily . 
 `` i am from the future , merrill . 
 three hundred years in the future . '' 
 there were tears in her eyes . 
 merrill quickly pulled a silk handkerchief from a desk drawer and handed it to her . 
 kiarra accepted it gratefully . 
 `` griffin was unable to come , '' adam stated bluntly . 
 merrill went still . 
 `` is he all right ? '' 
 griffin and merrill had been as close as brothers for more than fifteen hundred years . 
 there should n't be any reason for griffin not to come . 
 merrill held his breath . 
 `` griffin is well-physically , '' dragon replied . 
 he 'd allowed adam and kiarra to sit in the two chairs before merrill 's desk . 
 he remained standing , his expression shuttered and his dark eyes enigmatic . 
 merrill did n't show his concern , but it was mounting . 
 `` what do you mean , physically ? '' 
 `` what we mean is that griffin is an emotional wreck , '' adam said , his gray eyes revealing nothing . 
 he could wear the vampire mask if he wanted ; he 'd been vampire before being chosen by the saa thalarr , after all . 
 `` tell me , '' merrill whispered . 
 * * * wlodek 's fingers shook slightly as he toyed with his favorite gold pen . 
 he and merrill had held a private meeting ; adam chessman , the former chief of enforcers stayed to verify the information . 
 dragon transported kiarra away ; she 'd been visibly upset and unable to stay . 
 merrill was completely numb over the news brought to him , and now he and wlodek waited to pass that news to gavin and anthony . 
 charles and radomir were also brought in-this news would be a terrible blow to charles , and merrill waited to place compulsion on gavin and tony . 
 wlodek feared it would be required should they become violent . 
 `` you asked to see us , honored one ? '' 
 gavin walked inside wlodek 's temporary office , followed by tony . 
 he 'd taken tony as his child and was training him as best he could . 
 gavin waited for lissa 's return , however , to teach some of their lessons simultaneously . 
 `` please , sit , '' wlodek pointed to the chairs before his desk . 
 he was still working out of merrill 's basement , but would return to his manor soon . 
 lissa had managed to eliminate xenides and the remaining threat that he 'd presented , so it was safe to return home . 
 but that was before . 
 wlodek heaved a shaky sigh , making gavin 's head jerk up in alarm . 
 tony heard it as well and turned to his surrogate sire , fear crossing his features . 
 `` child , we will wait for the news , '' gavin 's mask dropped into place . 
 wlodek knew gavin was afraid ; he merely refused to show it . 
 it was only going to get worse . 
 `` i do not have good news , '' wlodek announced . 
 `` you know what griffin is . 
 he took lissa into the future with him ; her help was needed three hundred years from now on a very distant world , '' wlodek looked at his gold pen and not at the others in the room . 
 `` he knew , as did kifirin , that something terrible would happen . 
 we fear , too , that he also knew the price to be paid in order to make things come out right in the end . '' 
 wlodek found it difficult to understand griffin 's actions . 
 how had griffin made this sacrifice ? 
 had he ever truly loved her ? 
 it was beyond wlodek 's comprehension . 
 `` you have never seen the ra'ak , '' wlodek went on , glancing at gavin and tony . 
 `` i have only heard them described . 
 they are terrible monsters resembling giant serpents , and carry the deadliest of poisons . 
 adam chessman informed me that more than four thousand of these attacked a world simultaneously , along with other creatures that held a might of their own . 
 griffin knew there was only one who might hold them at bay and keep that world from falling . 
 adam tells me that had that particular world fallen , all the other worlds would fall like dominoes stacked in a line . '' 
 wlodek wanted to shake his head in disbelief ; he still could not bring himself to accept the news . 
 and this was the greatest blow to the vampire race-they 'd gained a queen , only to lose her again . 
 `` lissa killed more than thirty-five hundred of the giant serpents by misting inside their heads and blowing them apart , '' wlodek continued . 
 `` she also destroyed many of the other creatures in the same fashion . 
 the final monster she killed required the last of her strength . 
 when she blew her mist outward that time , she no longer held the power to call her mist together again . 
 she , along with her enemy , is now scattered across the universe . 
 lissa is gone and will not return to us . '' 
 charles wept as he dropped to the floor against the far wall . 
 tony blinked at wlodek in shock . 
 he could n't be hearing the head of the council properly . 
 this information could not be truth . 
 gavin , however , rose shakily from his seat and began keening wildly , his grief evident in the high-pitched wail that came from his throat . 
 radomir joined with gavin , his own keening forcing wlodek to wipe tears away . 
 merrill strode silently from the room . 
 compulsion was n't needed and he had grieving to do in private . 
 * * present * * `` wait ! 
 here 's another one ! '' 
 the search had gone on for four days after the attempted coup . 
 mostly the search and rescue teams were finding bodies of common demons . 
 few in this sector were found alive , and those were discovered within the first two days . 
 `` dead ? '' 
 wendevik , high demon of the house of greth , led the search detail of common demons through the streets of veshtul . 
 he rode the ox cart beside his common demon driver , while a dozen commons walked around it , searching through the debris for bodies . 
 horoth , his uniform covered in blood , dust and debris from a lengthy search , knelt beside the body he 'd uncovered to check for signs of life . 
 trooper horoth normally worked with wendevik 's guards in one of two common demon cohorts , and it was his duty to police the marketplace and the residential sections of veshtul . 
 horoth did n't expect to find anything-this one was pale and unmoving . 
 dutifully he held a small mirror to the mouth and nostrils , blinking in shock when he saw the faintest misting on the reflective surface . 
 `` alive ! '' 
 horoth shouted and six common demons rushed to help . 
 * * * `` there is some swelling at the base of the skull , '' darvul pointed out the injury to his assistant . 
 the unconscious common lay on a bed shoved inside a small room ; they 'd placed other patients together to give this one a quiet space . 
 darvul , stooped slightly from years of service and his once dark hair threaded liberally with silver , had lived more than five hundred years and worked as a physician in the city of veshtul . 
 he and sixteen other common physicians had been working nonstop since the attack and near takeover of kifirin-the high demons ' planet . 
 `` has the common regained consciousness ? '' 
 nedil , another common physician , walked over to confer with darvul . 
 nedil was showing signs of aging , just as darvul was , and the attack had placed a heavy load on a small and already overburdened health care community . 
 `` not yet , '' darvul sighed . 
 `` we are giving fluids as you can see , but there are no signs of waking . 
 we remain hopeful . '' 
 `` what are the other injuries ? '' 
 nedil was giving the small common a cursory examination as well , placing his hands on the head injury . 
 `` some bruising and swelling in the chest area , two broken ribs , a fractured wrist and twisted right leg . 
 i 'm sure the building collapsed on this one while he was hiding from the attackers . '' 
 `` there was no place for these to run and no safe place to hide , '' nedil said softly . 
 `` we have the heaviest losses from that section of the city . 
 if my information is correct , we lost more than eight thousand in that area alone . 
 and they are still finding bodies . 
 who knows where the count will end ? '' 
 `` we will do our best to keep this one alive , then , '' darvul nodded . 
 he 'd already made that vow to himself , but he wanted nedil to know he was seeing to this one personally . 
 `` what word on the drith and croth captives ? '' 
 the rogue high demons that still lived were now imprisoned and waiting judgment . 
 `` they are being held in makeshift stockades outside the city ; the larentii helped erect them , '' nedil 's voice held wonder . 
 he 'd never seen a larentii before , and the tales he 'd heard of them said they never intervened in the troubles of any world . 
 yet he 'd seen two in the past four days , and they were helping to gather and contain rogue high demons . 
 `` when the raoni and raona finish with them , croth and drith will wish they 'd never been birthed , '' darvul muttered . 
 `` has there been any word on those who came to help us ? '' 
 nedil witnessed the taking down of four thousand ra'ak , along with many rogue high demons by an unseen hand . 
 they 'd exploded-or at least their heads exploded . 
 the ra'ak had all dusted afterward , and he 'd tended many injuries from flying ra'ak debris . 
 the high demons who 'd died had splattered bits and pieces of bone and tissue everywhere , leaving the rest of their thifilathi to fall headless to the ground . 
 before the attack four days earlier , nedil would have said the only thing capable of killing a high demon was another high demon . 
 he knew better now , he just could n't explain it . 
 `` keep cold compresses on the head injury , '' darvul instructed his assistant , who barked orders to other common demons waiting to help . 
 `` this one does n't look to be completely mature ; i would guess the age at seventeen turns or so . 
 he has not gotten his full height , yet , '' darvul estimated . 
 the bones were still small , the hands and feet slender and fragile-looking . 
 `` i hope his parent survived and comes looking for him . '' 
 he leaned down and stroked the reddish-gold hair . 
 `` wake to us , '' he said softly . 
 `` we will care for you . '' 
 * * past * * william winkler sat in his kitchen , having a cup of coffee with his second , trajan , as they waited for director bill jennings to arrive . 
 winkler knew at least one of the vampire agents was coming , in addition to a werewolf agent he 'd met once before-james renfro . 
 bill said he had news that should be delivered in person . 
 winkler sighed-he could n't imagine what director jennings might say , and worried about it . 
 he and trajan had both been up with the twins the night before-he 'd hired a nanny , but he and his second were always up and awake quickly whenever the babies cried to be fed . 
 they 'd fed wynter while the nanny took care of wayne ; winkler decided to call his son by his middle name . 
 kellee , well , she was packing to go to her mother-she 'd refused to stay and breastfeed the twins . 
 winkler growled low , just thinking about it . 
 winkler might have felt sympathy for kellee if she had n't collaborated with her father to plot his death and the subsequent takeover of the dallas pack . 
 only lissa 's intervention had saved him and his pack . 
 karl johnson would have taken over had things gone the other way , and weldon informed winkler afterward that he would have split the dallas pack-it was much too large for karl johnson to handle . 
 some of winkler 's wolves would have torn their new packmaster apart at the earliest opportunity , and trajan might have been one of them . 
 winkler answered the doorbell when it rang , inviting bill , ken white and james renfro inside . 
 he offered coffee , soft drinks or juice to his guests when he led them into the kitchen ; bill asked for coffee , the werewolf asked for a soda . 
 `` we 've already spoken with the grand master , '' bill ran hands through his hair . 
 winkler noticed the director 's face looked older and more worn , although his biggest terrorist threat , rahim alif , had been eliminated weeks earlier . 
 some new worry now rested on director bill jennings ' shoulders . 
 `` is there a problem ? '' 
 winkler asked , staring into his cold cup of coffee . 
 `` it 's not a problem , '' ken white said . 
 `` it 's just the worst possible news . '' 
 winkler 's head jerked up at the vampire agent 's statement , his dark eyes searching ken white 's face for clues . 
 in the usual vampiric convention , it contained nothing helpful . 
 `` what news ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we offered to deliver it in person , in case , well , just in case , '' bill sighed . 
 `` what he 's trying to tell you is that the little female vampire is dead . '' 
 james renfro wanted it out in the open quickly . 
 open the wound and let it bleed out , that was his philosophy . 
 even he was n't prepared for the howling and grieving that came as soon as the words left his mouth . 
 * * * `` child , there is nothing we can do ; they 're both gone from us now . '' 
 merrill rocked franklin against him while franklin wept . 
 this had gone on for days and merrill was beginning to think he 'd be forced to place compulsion on his human child . 
 kyle was flying to london as quickly as he could ; merrill placed a call , asking him to come . 
 of merrill 's two remaining vampire children , kyle had the closest bond with franklin . 
 he was hoping kyle 's presence would help ; otherwise , it would be compulsion or medical intervention . 
 gavin moved out of the manor the day after he 'd received the news , taking tony with him . 
 tony seemed lost and helpless as he 'd loaded bags into gavin 's car . 
 lissa 's things had been left inside her bedroom ; merrill closed the door on all of it and neither he nor franklin had the strength to walk in there now . 
 charles wandered through the manor like a ghost , only doing what was necessary to keep wlodek 's office running smoothly . 
 radomir had taken the news harder than anyone suspected he might ; wlodek had n't heard from him for three days and that worried his vampire sire . 
 flavio arrived and was now making sure important things were attended to so his sire could have time alone . 
 * * * bill jennings , director of the joint nsa/homeland security department , stood with weldon harper , thomas williams jr. and william winkler , next to a grave in oklahoma city on a sunny october afternoon . 
 the casket was empty , except for a few letters and a dozen red roses . 
 the president had asked for a twenty-one gun salute . 
 normally , that honor was reserved for a president , but it could also be performed for a foreign head of state or a member of a reigning royal family . 
 lissa , as a queen vampire , was given the honor . 
 bill , winkler , thomas and weldon stood straight and still while the ranking officer barked the order and seven soldiers , in perfect unison , fired their rifles three times to honor the fallen . 
 * * * four weeks after greg 's death , franklin walked into the empty second floor bedroom to clean it . 
 he could n't recall when he 'd last been inside it to dust and straighten . 
 it appeared sterile to his eyes ; not even a mote of dust remained on the nightstand or the dresser . 
 the closet inside the spacious bath held empty hangers and nothing else . 
 franklin had n't recalled that merrill had it decorated in a feminine style-the pillows and shams on the bed were n't suitable for a male . 
 it did n't matter ; franklin had nothing to do , here . 
 he 'd gone to this bedroom first , putting off going through greg 's personal belongings . 
 that was pain waiting to happen . 
 franklin sighed as he closed the bedroom door behind him and walked toward the suite he 'd shared with greg . 
 it was time to say a final goodbye . 
 * * * `` fortune smiled upon us when we managed to destroy xenides so easily , '' merrill pushed a wineglass toward wlodek . 
 wlodek was moving out of merrill 's basement-charles , rolfe , radomir and russell had come to help load equipment and records into waiting trailers . 
 `` i find it fortunate that you were able to get close enough to lay compulsion , '' wlodek sniffed the wine before tasting . 
 `` after that , it was easy to destroy him . 
 i believe i enjoyed handing him his death more than any other . '' 
 `` we lost many in the battle , '' merrill pointed out . 
 `` i have charles searching the records already , looking for suitable replacements . 
 the aristocracy will be complete again for next year 's meeting . '' 
 * * present * * `` i do n't know whether he will wake , '' darvul was beginning to lose hope that the unconscious common might live . 
 nine days had passed and still the young common had not moved or wakened . 
 darvul and his assistant , noff , had finished bathing the young one . 
 he might have been older than darvul thought , noff decided ; the common demon had pubic hair , which normally arrived at age twenty or so . 
 common demons were slow to mature , since they lived six hundred years or more . 
 still , they had no genitalia , although they had pubic hair . 
 should a vampire queen ever come to rebuilt le-ath veronis , the common demons might have a chance of becoming something other than the comesuli they were . 
 `` the tale is spreading that kifirin woke from a long sleep and in his grief at seeing his planet nearly destroyed , he caused baetrah to erupt . 
 thousands from the southern continent are fleeing northward , '' darvul said softly at noff 's side . 
 noff heard that rumor as well and nodded at his master , his dandelion-fluff hair shining in the early morning sunlight . 
 `` raoni jaydevik and his eldest brother , gardevik , are already executing rogue high demons , '' noff offered information he 'd gleaned earlier while searching for herbs and other medicines in what remained of the marketing district . 
 the common demons were scrambling to rebuild , but so much of their city was destroyed in the attack . 
 the smaller cities and farms outside veshtul were shipping in extra supplies as quickly as they could , but it was taking time to collect and transport the items to the capital city . 
 `` what happened to rorevik ? '' 
 darvul asked about the former high demon monarch . 
 rorevik had taken the throne after lendevik 's death , while jaydevik , lendevik 's designated heir , had gone missing for centuries . 
 once jaydevik returned to kifirin , rorevik had stepped aside in favor of his older brother . 
 `` rorevik is dead , i hear , '' noff sighed . 
 `` he allowed kifirin to get away from him , '' darvul nodded . 
 `` he was inexperienced and perhaps too lenient with the high demons . 
 jaydevik has not held back in his punishment of the high demons who have broken the laws . 
 gardevik too . 
 garde should have been advising rorevik all along . 
 perhaps the oppression of the common demons would have been less . '' 
 `` perhaps they realize now what we do for them , '' noff snorted softly , his dark-brown eyes narrowing in contempt . 
 `` the latest death toll stands at fifteen thousand , and even the palace is short-handed . '' 
 `` so many of our kind gone , '' darvul shook his head sadly . 
 * * * glindarok , member of the saa thalarr and raona of kifirin , sat on a comfortable chair in her suite , absently rubbing her belly-karzac had already announced she was having twins , something unprecedented in high demon history . 
 it was too early to determine the babies ' gender , however . 
 `` three more weeks , '' the saa thalarr 's chief physician said . 
 she 'd been left behind in her suite , feeling useless . 
 she wanted to be with jayd and garde while they questioned drith and croth rogues . 
 she wanted to question them herself concerning their knowledge of the treason committed by both houses . 
 few had been innocent or unknowing of the alliance with the ra'ak . 
 `` raona , you must trust the raoni in this , '' roff came to sit beside her , little toff in his arms . 
 toff was a scant four weeks old and slept peacefully in the crook of roff 's elbow . 
 glinda reached out and gently stroked the child 's head-he had the barest bit of fuzz there-a promise of roff 's thick , dark hair , perhaps . 
 giff , roff 's oldest child , had lighter hair . 
 it often happened that way . 
 glinda sighed as she studied her sumptuous prison . 
 that 's what it was to her-a prison . 
 rich hangings on the walls and windows , rare marble on the floors , beautiful fabrics covering the chairs and the bed-all hid invisible bars . 
 jayd was overjoyed at the news of her pregnancy , and then became an autocrat in his worry to keep her safe . 
 too many drith and croth still lived for his liking . 
 jayd and garde left the palace , grim-faced each morning , to question more traitors . 
 two high demon guards were stationed outside glinda 's suite at all times , so she could n't sneak away . 
 karzac had already warned her-pregnant saa thalarr were n't allowed to use any of their real power ; therefore , she could n't fold outside the palace . 
 roff , giff and a few other commons were assigned to glinda ; they delivered her food , cleaned her suite , carried messages back and forth and did their best to see to her comfort . 
 it did nothing to alleviate her sense of confinement . 
 `` can they not let me go out to see the damage to the city ? '' 
 glinda grumbled softly , shoving a swath of platinum hair over her shoulder . 
 `` roff , will you ask giff to braid my hair ? '' 
 the last was spoken in a whisper ; she did n't want to wake toff . 
 `` of course i will find giff-he enjoys braiding your hair . 
 as for the damage in the city , it is quite extensive in places , '' roff replied . 
 he 'd asked giff to watch toff at one point and had gone to survey the devastation for himself . 
 `` it is worst on the northwest side , where the weavers and thread-makers were . 
 few were found alive there , raona . 
 i hear a request was sent to other villages , asking commons to come who know the trade so that section of the city might be rebuilt . '' 
 `` who is rebuilding it ? '' 
 glinda asked impatiently , running a hand through her length of white-blonde hair-if left loose , it would continue to fall over a shoulder , irritating glinda . 
 `` i hear lord nedevik weth and lord aldavik foth have taken that task-they approached jaydevik with their offers to do this . 
 supplies and builders are coming in from surrounding areas . 
 do not fret , raona , all will be well . '' 
 `` what about the injured ? '' 
 glinda asked . 
 `` are they being cared for ? 
 has someone from the treasury offered assistance where it is needed most ? '' 
 `` lady mayarok and lord fredevik greth are seeing to this , '' roff replied . 
 `` lord fredevik is unable to deny his lady anything she wishes , and this is what she wishes . 
 her personal comesuli have come to assist her and are tallying the needs in terms of money , space for the wounded and medicines and herbs to treat them . 
 lord fredevik is making sure the money handed out by the treasury is spent wisely . '' 
 `` will you see that a message is carried to lady mayarok , then ? '' 
 glinda begged . 
 roff smiled at her . 
 she 'd saved his life more than once . 
 he would do anything she asked of him . 
 * * * `` brenten , they 're still recovering , '' amara attempted to catch griffin 's arm as he paced . 
 `` it 's too soon . 
 give them a chance to regroup . '' 
 amara begged her mate to slow down and consider things carefully . 
 a frown tugged at amara 's pretty mouth while worry troubled her dark eyes . 
 griffin ignored her pleas . 
 `` they do n't have a clue , '' griffin tossed a hand out wildly . 
 `` my daughter kills their attackers and herself in the process and they 're worried about everything else . 
 do they think pheligar and renegar are going to allow those rogue high demons to escape ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure they have no idea what the larentii are capable of , '' amara attempted to reassure her mate . 
 he 'd only now come home from wherever he 'd been , going somewhere to grieve in private . 
 even so , his hair was wild , his countenance angry as he paced . 
 amara knew griffin had bent time and folded space to get back to this moment in time with her , and given his current state of mind , she imagined he 'd come back earlier than he should . 
 `` there will be a memorial to lissa . 
 it will come , brenten . 
 you have to be patient , '' amara attempted to slow griffin 's agitated pacing . 
 `` merrill wo n't speak to me now , '' griffin muttered . 
 `` wlodek either . 
 i 'm afraid to contact gavin and the others-they may never be allowed to remember . 
 if they did remember and were able to kill me , i 'm sure they 'd try . 
 why did they remove my memories of her , too ? '' 
 griffin tossed up a hand in resignation . 
 he did n't say it , and would never say it , but his memories of lissa had disappeared before the others ' had . 
 he worried , too , over why that was . 
 `` brenten , you 're not thinking . 
 you brought her from our past , only days before we were made to forget . 
 belen explained that to both of us . 
 i ca n't help but believe that you somehow discovered you would forget her , back then . 
 otherwise , why would you take her when she was already weary from destroying xenides ? '' 
 amara examined griffin 's face ; he looked haggard and angry . 
 `` i know you had your reasons for sacrificing your daughter , but that does n't mean i understand it any better than the others do . '' 
 amara folded away . 
 she had that ability , just as the rest of them did . 
 `` i do n't understand it either , love , '' griffin sat heavily in the chair amara had vacated with a sigh . 
 * * * `` the raona has visitors already , '' the high demon guard insisted . 
 `` she will want to see me , '' the visitor declared . 
 `` tell her erland morphis is here . 
 she 'll tear your ears off if you do n't let me in . '' 
 erland was in a huff ; it was n't often that a karathian warlock was turned away for any reason-if the offending party knew what was good for them , anyway . 
 erland 's magic-or any other kind of magic or power had absolutely no effect on any high demon-they were immune . 
 erland could pull the palace down around their ears , however , and he was presently considering that option . 
 `` i will inform her , but be prepared if she sends you away , '' the high demon 's voice held a long-suffering tone . 
 `` that 's all i 'm asking , '' erland did n't hide his impatience , his beautiful face twisting in an angry frown . 
 the high demon guard knocked on the raona 's door . 
 a common demon answered . 
 `` lord morphis , '' roff bowed respectfully to erland . 
 `` please , follow me . '' 
 the guard 's eyebrows rose slightly as erland offered him a glare and swept inside the suite . 
 he employed a bit of power to slam the door behind him , too . 
 `` kiarra , adam , merrill , '' erland nodded respectfully to each of the visiting saa thalarr . 
 `` erland , '' adam and merrill knew erland morphis well ; he owned a casino on the gambling planet of campiaa , just as they did . 
 glinda , however , knew erland better than anyone ; she 'd worked as his bodyguard for many years before she was invited to join the saa thalarr . 
 erland went to sit beside glinda ; she seemed upset . 
 he 'd heard she was pregnant , but did n't want to let her know that . 
 `` glinda , love , what 's wrong ? '' 
 erland placed an arm around her . 
 she was one of two women he would n't mind bedding . 
 otherwise , his interests currently ran toward males . 
 `` i thought kifirin destroyed the ra'ak , '' glinda turned to erland , burying her head against his shoulder . 
 `` he did n't ? 
 then who did ? '' 
 erland rubbed glinda 's back gently . 
 he knew , as did many others , that kifirin 's planet had been attacked by ra'ak and that somehow they 'd been beaten back , even with more than six thousand high demons in league with them . 
 that 's what erland heard from his sources , anyway . 
 too bad there were n't vid images of any of it . 
 kiarra watched erland morphis 's face . 
 he was interested now , she could tell . 
 none of them knew . 
 `` it was griffin 's daughter , lissa , '' kiarra sighed . 
 `` the vampire queen . 
 she did this for us . 
 killed herself for us . 
 she died , taking down the ra'ak prince . '' 
 erland was a blur as he stood , and he began cursing in so many languages kiarra had difficulty interpreting all of it . 
 glinda was staring at kiarra in shock . 
 a vampire queen ? 
 she 'd read the records in the archives . 
 the last vampire queen on le-ath veronis had stood against the ra'ak long ago , dying to protect her people . 
 she 'd been the one to beg the high demons to take the comesuli ; the ones they called common demons , now . 
 she 'd also begged the high demons to take some of her vampires . 
 the high demon king at the time-glinda 's father-had refused , choosing only to accept the common demons , as they could be useful to the high demons . 
 he 'd almost destroyed them all with the decision he 'd made . 
 glinda still loved him ; he 'd been a good father to her . 
 he 'd just made a few bad choices during his rule . 
 `` the little vampire queen is dead ? '' 
 erland looked sad , now . 
 kiarra had no idea how erland could have known of lissa . 
 `` you know her ? '' 
 erland snorted . 
 `` knew of her , '' he replied , beginning to pace inside glinda 's spacious suite . 
 `` i forgot her for a time , as did most others . 
 my memory of her returned only recently . 
 this is the worst of news . 
 i and one other have recalled that she saved refizan three hundred years ago . '' 
 `` oh , no , '' merrill muttered . 
 `` she 's really dead ? '' 
 roff had been listening in and was now breaking out of his stunned silence . 
 `` there was a queen vampire and she died ? '' 
 he sounded lost . 
 glinda stared at her assistant . 
 she knew what the news of a queen vampire would hold for the common demons ; a queen was hope to them . 
 hope that one day they could return to their home world and perhaps become what they held the promise to be-vampire and whole , in their own right . 
 `` she sacrificed herself for us . 
 and for you , '' merrill looked roff in the eye . 
 `` you and i have met before , little comesula . 
 you do n't remember it because kifirin took you from the future . 
 the little queen loved you , roff . 
 i believe it was her love for you and for giff and the others that she died as she did . '' 
 roff was weeping and would have dropped to the floor had erland not held him up . 
 `` i should n't have told him , '' merrill muttered , rising from his seat . 
 `` i have to go ; the king vampire on refizan will be greatly disappointed with this news , '' erland settled roff on glinda 's chaise and folded away . 
 glinda was staring , first at merrill , then at roff , then at kiarra . 
 `` how did this happen ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 * * * `` master ! '' 
 noff shook darvul awake . 
 it was late , the moon was nearly down and dawn was perhaps three clicks away . 
 `` wake , master ! 
 our little common is moaning and moving about ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 darvul woke quickly . 
 noff helped him sit up in bed . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 darvul struggled to see the timepiece beside his bed , something nearly impossible for the newly wakened in semidarkness . 
 `` fourth click , master , '' noff was nervous with impatience and anticipation . 
 he and darvul had taken rooms inside the infirmary , as did many other physicians and assistants after the battle fifteen days before . 
 all remained close , watching over patients . 
 many injured commons had gone home already if their homes remained standing . 
 others stayed , still nursing wounds . 
 none had remained unconscious as long as darvul and noff 's patient , however . 
 several others who 'd experienced comas died from their injuries . 
 the little common was moaning softly as darvul rushed inside the room . 
 fluids were still being administered intravenously ; otherwise , the patient would have died . 
 as it was , the little common was emaciated but alive . 
 `` are you going to wake for us ? '' 
 darvul spoke softly , brushing hair away from the common 's face . 
 `` please wake , '' noff begged . 
 `` bring a lamp , '' darvul commanded . 
 noff ran to obey . 
 * * * he opened his eyes , trying to bring his surroundings into focus . 
 a blurry face hovered over his and words were spoken ; words that he failed to understand . 
 a moan escaped him and he frowned at the noise until he realized he was making it himself . 
 more words came ; they were just as confusing as the others . 
 they seemed to be questions for which he had no answers . 
 the room brightened ; another being brought something that created the brightness . 
 he squinted ; the light hurt his eyes . 
 it was dimmed quickly . 
 * * * `` he does n't understand us , '' noff was upset over this new revelation . 
 `` he suffered a head injury . 
 how can we know how extensive it may have been ? 
 go now-find broth-we must attempt to feed him while he is awake , '' darvul ordered . 
 noff left the room in a rush , intent on find something to feed the little common . 
 `` here now , eat this , '' noff held the spoon to the common 's lips , in an attempt to convince his patient to eat . 
 he and darvul managed to get the small common upright and sitting in bed , stacking many pillows behind his back to achieve that feat . 
 it took several tries before the scent of food convinced the little common to try it . 
 after that , it was easy . 
 he was quite hungry as it turned out , and darvul had to ration the broth so the common would n't make himself ill by eating too much too quickly . 
 `` we will feed you again soon , '' darvul promised as daybreak came . 
 noff was settling the little common back in his bed so he might sleep . 
 `` he woke briefly , '' darvul explained to another assistant . 
 `` please make sure he eats every two hours . 
 no solid food at first-broth only . '' 
 the assistant nodded . 
 `` anything else , master ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the little common does n't understand anything we say . 
 his head injury must have been severe . 
 please do n't frighten or agitate him . 
 i will go to lady mayarok later and tell her this one 's convalescence may be extensive . '' 
 `` she will obtain funds for us if such is the case , '' the assistant nodded . 
 `` the raona herself has promised to provide funding for any common that needs the care . 
 do we know what the common 's name is ? '' 
 `` we do not and none have come forward with information . 
 we can only assume his entire family perished , '' darvul sighed . 
 `` i am going to return to bed and sleep for a click or two . 
 wake me if there is need . '' 
 darvul strode down the long hall toward his room . 
 the assistant went to see the little miracle himself . 
 his master predicted that this common would die . 
 fortunately , he had been in error . 
 * * * noff held a cup of tea in his hands as he leaned against the outside wall of the infirmary . 
 built on a single level , the long building had square windows spaced at even intervals down each side . 
 the infirmary was fashioned of whitewashed brick with fired tile floors and stucco walls that could be cleaned easily . 
 inside walls were painted a muted green with white trim , designed to be restful for the ones who received treatment within . 
 common demons were not susceptible to diseases like so many other races . 
 they were often injured , however , just as anyone else might be . 
 common physicians and their assistants generally treated broken bones , cuts , sprains , bruises and burns . 
 the multitude of injuries resulting from the battle had taxed their knowledge to the limit . 
 noff had n't gone back to his bed as darvul had done ; he 'd been too excited to sleep . 
 their little common had wakened against all odds . 
 he intended to check on the patient again in only a moment or two , as soon as he finished his tea . 
 `` has anything changed ? '' 
 noff asked his fellow assistant as he walked into the room . 
 `` i was about to get broth for him ; it is almost time for the next feeding , '' orliff yawned , stretching his arms out . 
 unlike noff , orliff 's hair was dark , his eyes blue . 
 `` my last charge went home earlier , so my master is happy to allow me to help with this one , '' orliff added . 
 `` i 'll get the broth , unless you want to do it , '' noff offered . 
 `` go ahead , '' orliff nodded . 
 noff was back in ticks with a bowl of broth and a spoon on a tray . 
 darvul removed the iv earlier , fearing the little common might tear it from his hand since he did n't understand what was going on around him . 
 noff and orliff woke the little common , who seemed confused as they attempted to sit him up so he could eat . 
 `` eat , '' orliff made an eating motion with his hand . 
 the little common stared for a moment before blinking in what noff hoped was understanding . 
 he allowed noff and orliff to place him in a sitting position after that , and accepted the broth noff spoon-fed him . 
 `` noff , '' noff pointed to himself . 
 `` orliff , '' he pointed to orliff . 
 the little common looked from one to the other but still had n't attempted speech . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 noff tapped the little common 's chest gently . 
 his ribs were still wrapped because of the breaks and his wrist was also splinted and heavily bandaged for the same reason . 
 the little common blinked and shook his head . 
 `` he still does n't understand , '' orliff sighed . 
 `` can we give him a name ? 
 he may not remember anything . 
 who he was , where he lived-nothing . '' 
 `` let 's call him niff , '' noff smiled . 
 `` a combination of both our names . '' 
 `` that 's good , '' orliff grinned . 
 `` niff , '' he tapped the little common on the shoulder . 
 `` niff . '' 
 `` we 're calling him niff until he remembers who he is , '' noff informed darvul later . 
 `` i believe he understands , now ; we keep calling him that every time we feed him , and i think he responded the last time . '' 
 `` has he attempted to speak ? '' 
 darvul walked down the hall toward niff 's room with noff . 
 `` no , master . 
 perhaps it is too early , still . 
 he has n't attempted speech . '' 
 `` niff , how are you feeling ? '' 
 darvul sat on the edge of niff 's bed . 
 niff was awake at least and staring up at him . 
 niff had blue eyes ; darvul could see them clearly in the light from the window . 
 they watched him with curiosity , but niff had no reply to darvul 's question . 
 `` darvul , '' noff pointed to his master . 
 niff blinked at darvul . 
 `` do you think he understands ? '' 
 darvul asked his assistant . 
 `` i think he knows orliff and me , now , '' noff replied . 
 `` it ca n't hurt to try , can it ? '' 
 `` no , '' darvul smiled at niff . 
 `` we 're very happy you 're awake , '' he said . 
 * * * the news was a heavy blow to gabron . 
 he remembered the little queen after three hundred years of forgetting . 
 forgetting anything was unusual for him-gabron remembered everything of his nine thousand years as vampire . 
 three hundred years earlier , he 'd erected a bronze monument in the plaza where the solar red temple had once stood . 
 it memorialized all the vampires who died defending refizan from the solar red priests and the ra'ak . 
 the quote at the base of the monument was lissa 's - he remembered that now . 
 the words were her tribute to his child , briden , who 'd been dragged into sunlight and burned to death . 
 i will hold your name in my heart as i strike down your enemies , she 'd written on the sidewalk where briden died . 
 it was now an anthem to vampires across the reth alliance . 
 erland morphis , the karathian warlock , brought the news of lissa 's death to gabron . 
 he 'd met erland shortly after the vid images of lissa fighting off the ra'ak on refizan had gone out to other worlds . 
 erland had known where to seek him , somehow . 
 gabron had n't been surprised ; karathian warlocks had their own subtle ways of obtaining information . 
 he also posed no threat to gabron or his vampires ; erland maintained a high level of secrecy . 
 `` it was a terrible blow to me as well , my friend , '' erland sipped the wine that gabron provided . 
 gabron still owned and ran brothels with the refizani government 's blessing , even if the common population had no idea they were run by vampires . 
 `` we had hopes that she would take us all to the vampire world , '' gabron muttered . 
 `` it was a promise made to us , long ago . '' 
 he did n't tell erland , although erland may have guessed anyway , that he 'd loved lissa when he met her three centuries before . 
 now his hopes were gone , causing gabron to sigh deeply . 
 chapter 3 `` niff , let us see whether you can walk , '' noff held both of niff 's hands in his , trying to coax the small common off his bed . 
 darvul had allowed a small amount of solid food the day before , and the little common was improving in many ways . 
 nineteen days had passed since the attacks , and the volcano had slowed down in its eruptions on the southern continent . 
 regardless , common refugees from the southern areas were still trickling into veshtul looking for work , asking to help rebuild the city . 
 niff , however , seemed oblivious to all of it , though noff and orliff had begun telling him bits of information each day , hoping that something would spark a memory in their patient . 
 niff blinked at noff , his blue eyes wide , and then turned his attention to the floor , which lay a short space below his bare feet . 
 they 'd kept the little common dressed in loose pajamas while he convalesced . 
 niff seemed to be examining his clothing as well . 
 `` come , '' noff pulled gently on niff 's hands . 
 niff slid off the bed . 
 darvul said the leg was better and noff was gentle with the broken wrist . 
 they were going to remove the bandage around the ribs the following day ; darvul had n't found evidence that the cracked ribs would be a problem , but he did n't want to take unnecessary risks . 
 niff was now standing on the floor , wobbling a little on his feet . 
 `` do n't worry , it 's normal , '' noff assured him . 
 `` now , take a step for me . '' 
 he backed up a step and niff followed , watching his own feet while noff kept a firm grip on his hands . 
 noff took another step back ; niff followed , his legs trembling slightly . 
 noff wanted to hug his patient-he was doing so well . 
 darvul stepped into the room while niff was walking and smiled . 
 `` better than i expected , '' he nodded happily . 
 `` still no attempt at speech and no indication that he understands us when we speak , but he does seem to know what we mean when we mimic something . '' 
 `` he still blinks when the light is bright in his window , '' noff said , taking another step backward . 
 niff was following now , doing his best to remain upright as he walked . 
 `` a common effect from a blow to the head . 
 it may clear up with time . 
 we must be content with what we have at the moment , '' darvul observed . 
 `` turn him around and only hold one hand . 
 see if he can make his way back to the bed on his own . '' 
 noff turned niff around slowly , before letting go of the splinted hand . 
 niff gave him a questioning look before making his unsteady way toward the bed . 
 `` very good , '' noff breathed as niff awkwardly seated himself on the bed . 
 `` now , we will lift your feet , '' he placed niff 's feet on the bed and covered them with the light sheet and blanket . 
 `` are you hungry ? 
 would you like something to eat or drink ? '' 
 he mimed the actions to niff . 
 niff blinked twice and then mimed drinking only . 
 darvul laughed . 
 `` i 'd say that deserves some juice at the least . '' 
 `` he understood me ! '' 
 noff was quite happy as he trotted away to find juice for his patient . 
 * * * `` wash your hands , niff , we 're going to roll bandages , '' orliff was working with the little common today ; noff had been forced to take a day off ; darvul insisted . 
 niff obediently washed his hands with soap and water , drying them on the towel orliff provided . 
 orliff was quite surprised at how quickly the little common accepted his mimed instructions , although niff could n't seem to understand anything anyone said to him . 
 he was n't deaf ; darvul determined that earlier . 
 he 'd deliberately dropped a pot outside niff 's room , causing their patient to startle and jump in his bed . 
 orliff and noff had both witnessed the reaction . 
 niff had n't uttered a squeak when he 'd jumped , so they 'd still had no luck at getting any sounds or words from him . 
 `` now , begin the roll tightly , like this , '' orliff showed niff how to begin . 
 niff watched carefully , reproducing orliff 's actions on his own roll . 
 `` very good , '' orliff encouraged as he and niff rolled bandages together until they had a full basket . 
 all their supplies were depleted , so orliff brought out bark to boil afterward . 
 he and niff worked on that most of the afternoon . 
 the comesuli physicians had little of the pain relief left and orliff was happy to receive the shipment of bark . 
 he and niff ground herbs together to use in other medicines ; orliff found that niff 's fingers were strong and nimble as he worked , grinding herbs in a marble bowl with a steel pestle . 
 `` you are doing well , niff , '' orliff smiled as the herbs were reduced to usable powder . 
 niff was quite thorough in his work . 
 `` how is our patient doing ? '' 
 lady mayarok walked into the room . 
 niff drew in a breath and stopped grinding , staring in surprise at lady mayarok instead . 
 she was tall-taller than the commons around her , but most high demons were tall . 
 dark hair was intricately braided and piled atop her head and a gentle smile lit her features as she examined the small , injured common that darvul had described to her . 
 `` niff , this is lady mayarok , lord fredevik 's mate . 
 she will not harm you . '' 
 niff blinked at orliff for a moment before returning to his task . 
 `` darvul tells me this one may be mentally damaged from a head injury , '' lady mayarok observed , seating herself beside niff at the table . 
 niff ignored the scrutiny and continued his work . 
 `` we are n't completely sure of that ; he understands if we show him things-he only has trouble processing information if it is spoken . 
 his hearing is fine ; we have checked it . 
 and he has n't attempted speech . 
 darvul says this can happen . '' 
 `` i will be staying at the palace until the raona gives birth , '' lady mayarok sighed . 
 `` fredevik is quite concerned over the raona 's children . 
 she 's pregnant with twins and i have never heard of that before . 
 as i have given birth so many times , lord fredevik desires that i stay and instruct the raona on her first . '' 
 `` i heard the raona was with child but did not realize it was twins . '' 
 orliff was very interested , now . 
 `` we will require physicians . 
 might you consider helping ? 
 darvul and his assistant have already been invited to come . 
 you may bring this one with you ; he can perform menial tasks at the palace , i 'm sure . '' 
 `` i will discuss this with darvul and my master . 
 of course , i would be pleased to come and help tend the raona . '' 
 `` i will see that she asks for you personally , '' lady mayarok smiled indulgently at orliff . 
 `` do not delay ; i would like you to come in the next two days , before the raona becomes ill in the mornings . '' 
 `` we have herbs that will help , '' orliff nodded and smiled at lady mayarok . 
 `` they will settle the stomach without affecting the children . '' 
 `` good . 
 my physician at home did the same for me . '' 
 lady mayarok rose to go . 
 she had high demon guards posted outside the room and they fell in with her the moment she left the infirmary 's stillroom . 
 * * * `` lady mayarok asked me to come , and my master has already given permission if you will consent to take over my training while we are at the palace , '' orliff begged darvul to take him . 
 `` of course , '' darvul smiled at the young one . 
 orliff was in his thirties and would come to his full adulthood in three years . 
 he would also receive his physician 's certification then if he finished his training . 
 `` pack your clothing and supplies ; lady mayarok is sending a coach for us tomorrow afternoon . 
 now , we must go out and find clothing for our patient . 
 he can not wear bedclothes inside the palace . '' 
 `` we can remove the splint as well ; he used that hand to crush herbs with the pestle and it did n't seem to pain him in the least , '' orliff said . 
 `` we will examine him after dinner and i will allow you and noff to make the decision , '' darvul said . 
 `` come , we will find clothing for the little common . 
 we have been given an allowance for this . '' 
 * * * `` niff , we found clothing for you , '' orliff held a pile of clothing in his arms as noff , darvul and he strolled into niff 's room later . 
 `` we also found shoes ; we were guessing at those so i hope they fit . '' 
 `` i think they will , '' noff nodded as he studied niff 's feet . 
 they were small , so they 'd bought a young one 's shoes for him . 
 niff noticed noff staring at his feet and looked down at them as well , frowning slightly . 
 `` now , let 's look at your wrist , niff . 
 we wish to remove the splint . '' 
 orliff came forward after dropping clothing and shoes at the foot of niff 's bed . 
 he and noff began unwrapping the heavy bandaging . 
 `` look , '' orliff turned the wrist this way and that after the bandages were removed . 
 he carefully felt the bones in the wrist , as did noff . 
 niff did not complain or appear to be in pain while they did this . 
 `` i think we can leave it off , '' darvul nodded as he watched the two assistants make their examination . 
 `` i am pleased with his recovery ; he is walking very well now . 
 though he still can not understand speech , he has made much progress otherwise . '' 
 `` i will pack for him , '' noff offered . 
 darvul nodded at his assistant and left the room . 
 * * * niff stood on the bottom step of the transport , examining the richly appointed interior of the coach with wonder on his face . 
 `` come , we are going to the palace , '' noff took his hand and pulled the little common inside the coach . 
 darvul watched as his assistant settled niff on a cushioned seat next to an open window , so he might get fresh air in the stifling heat . 
 late summer bore down on the capital city of veshtul , although darvul had doubts the seasons meant anything to little niff . 
 orliff climbed in last and the coach drove off toward the palace . 
 several palace commons came to help them unload the coach ; crates of medical supplies , equipment and trunks of clothing were dutifully carried inside . 
 `` the raona 's suite is down the hall , '' one of the commons spoke to darvul as he led them inside a guest suite . 
 their suite was large , with a connecting bath and two bedrooms . 
 `` i will take the bedroom on the other side and niff will come with me , '' orliff said , pulling niff through the bath toward the second bedroom . 
 niff stared curiously at his surroundings as orliff led him through the suite . 
 `` is that one simple ? '' 
 the palace common asked . 
 `` for now ; he was injured in the attack-a blow to the head , '' darvul indicated the back of the skull . 
 `` ah . 
 is there anything we should know about him ? '' 
 `` he can not process speech ; does n't understand it , as yet , '' noff replied . 
 `` if you show him , however , he understands quite well . '' 
 `` so , if i mimic polishing the floor ? '' 
 the common asked . 
 `` then you 'll get the floor polished , '' noff said , `` although we still have not released him for heavy work . 
 you must consult us before you ask something such as that from him . '' 
 `` i will let the others know , '' the common said . 
 `` dinner will be brought to you tonight . 
 you may join the other commons in the kitchens after that for your meals . 
 i am sariff , should you need anything . '' 
 `` thank you , sariff . 
 will you arrange a meeting with the raona for us ? 
 we are here to tend her , after all . '' 
 `` the raona has been moody recently , but i will ask . '' 
 sariff nodded and left the suite , closing the door after him . 
 `` look , niff , this is a lovely bath , '' orliff point out amenities and fixtures . 
 scented soap lay beside the wide tub , along with a cork-stoppered bottle of shampoo and many towels and washcloths . 
 niff picked up the soap and smelled it , putting it down quickly after making a face . 
 `` i do n't think he likes the soap ; the scent must be too heavy , '' orliff called to the others . 
 `` here , i brought field oat soap , '' noff pulled the soap from one of his bags . 
 `` i will be happy to use the other . '' 
 orliff accepted the soap and handed it off to niff . 
 niff took it , sniffed , and nodded happily , smiling at orliff . 
 orliff drew in a breath . 
 `` he smiled when i gave him the soap ! '' 
 orliff was overjoyed . 
 `` we are making progress , '' darvul chuckled . 
 * * * `` glindarok , i fail to understand why you are so obstinate about this , '' jayd paced before his mate . 
 `` let the physicians examine you . 
 it will ease my mind as well as lady mayarok 's ; she is nearly frantic over this as it is . '' 
 `` jaydevik , if i am forced to call you autocratic and insufferable again , you will be most sorry , i assure you , '' glinda 's arms were crossed over her chest and her blue eyes flashed a warning at jayd . 
 `` i am in no mood to have someone 's hands all over me . 
 you and garde go out every morning and when you return at night , do you tell me what is happening ? 
 of course not . 
 i want to know what is going on with those drith and croth filth . 
 how many are left ? 
 how many have you executed ? 
 have any been set free ? 
 if so , are you positive of their innocence ? '' 
 glinda was now pacing before jayd . 
 `` if you do not stop this , i will ask karzac and jeff to come and they may place you in a healing sleep , '' jayd was showing signs of agitation . 
 `` this can not be good for our children , avilepha . 
 not good at all . '' 
 `` jayd , i am only three months pregnant . 
 much too early for anything of that sort to happen , i assure you . 
 you are only doing this to vex me , '' glinda glared angrily at her high demon mate . 
 `` i am not doing this to vex you ; i am doing this for your own good and for the good of our children . 
 why wo n't you understand me in this ? 
 a pregnant female has no place in these proceedings , and if i describe the executions to you , well , just be assured i will not be doing that ! '' 
 smoke curled from jayd 's nostrils . 
 even his thifilathi was upset . 
 `` jaydevik rath , you merely wish to impress upon me that i am a weak and pregnant female , when only the pregnant portion of that statement is true . 
 you do n't allow me out of my suite unless you are inside the palace ; i can not make any decisions without your approval and even lady mayarok is getting more freedom and respect than i am at the moment . 
 this is not the reason i accepted you as a mate . 
 if the truth be known , i am currently having second thoughts ! '' 
 `` glindarok , is this going to happen every time we become parents ? '' 
 jayd walked slowly toward his mate , unwilling to upset her further . 
 she held herself stiffly while he gently massaged his claiming marks on the back of her neck . 
 `` i love you more than anything , m ` hala . 
 do not be angry with me , i beg you . 
 come , we will have our dinner in the arboretum , if you will consent to this . '' 
 `` i will come , '' glinda agreed grudgingly . 
 `` good , '' jayd replied softly , placing a gentle kiss on glinda 's neck . 
 * * * `` where is he going ? '' 
 orliff followed niff , with noff close on his heels . 
 niff was climbing stairs swiftly inside the palace , as if he knew where he was going . 
 `` the arboretum , '' noff breathed as niff ran through a wide doorway , which opened into the palace garden . 
 a lush expanse of trees and rare plants was enclosed by tall windows . 
 the high glass ceiling overhead allowed starlight to filter down upon the wealth of plant life below . 
 niff was still walking swiftly , straight toward a section of the glass wall that overlooked the city of veshtul . 
 `` niff ! '' 
 orliff whispered loudly , attempting to convince the little common to stop . 
 niff ignored him , continuing on his path until he reached the targeted section of glass . 
 he lifted his hands as if he wanted to place them against the window . 
 there he stopped short , wavered for a moment and then dropped to his knees , where he began to weep . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 jayd was up from the table quickly and striding toward the little common . 
 `` please , raoni , he has suffered a head injury and does not know what he is doing , '' orliff babbled an apology to the high demon king while noff did his best to coax niff away from the window . 
 `` jayd , if you harm any of these , i will not speak to you again , '' glinda was at jayd 's side , watching as the little common demon wept beside the wall of glass . 
 `` you think i wanted to harm them ? '' 
 jayd snorted . 
 `` i am merely upset that our dinner was interrupted . 
 it is all right , '' jayd gestured with a hand . 
 `` take the young one away . 
 that is all i ask . '' 
 * * * that was my first memory of the high demon king-jaydevik rath . 
 he seemed pompous and somewhat full of himself-as most kings might , i suppose . 
 of course , i did n't understand a word he said , or any other words spoken to me then or at any time before that moment . 
 my memory had returned in a rush , however , and there i was , stuck on the high demons ' planet , surrounded by people who spoke a language i did n't understand . 
 just as well-i might have started cursing and not stopped until they killed me or i ran out of breath . 
 i had no memory of how i came to be inside the arboretum ; my last memory consisted of blasting my mist outward to kill the ra'ak prince . 
 griffin , my father , and kifirin , who called me his mate , had engineered my death . 
 i could n't come to any other conclusion than that . 
 i 'd died . 
 how i came to be alive now , i had not a clue . 
 one of the comesuli was pulling at me now , whispering a desperate spate of words , interspersed with the word niff . 
 they were calling me niff . 
 to them , i was another comesula . 
 on a world where females among the comesuli are n't possible , i would appear to be just another androgynous common . 
 i had no idea what to do about that . 
 if i tried to tell them who i was , they would n't understand and would probably lock me up , thinking i was crazy . 
 most likely , that 's just what i had been . 
 for a while , anyway . 
 i went with my two comesuli escorts-they led me down many flights of stairs until we reached a suite of rooms . 
 the one called orliff showed me to my bed and gestured for me to stay . 
 i stayed . 
 where else was i going to go ? 
 griffin told me when he took me from the annual meeting that he was transporting me into the future . 
 three hundred years into the future , he 'd said . 
 how nice for me . 
 i did n't know anyone , here and now . 
 i had no idea where this planet was , and was n't likely to get a ride back to earth , even if i asked politely . 
 these people did n't know who-or what-i was . 
 and they did n't seem to care that their asses had been saved by somebody they did n't know . 
 what else was i supposed to do ? 
 i was going to have to pay attention , learn the language and look for a way out of this mess . 
 thanks , dad . 
 thanks , kifirin . 
 you ass ** les . 
 with much poking and prodding , i was sent to the kitchens the following morning . 
 i was considered an imbecile , i discovered . 
 everything was mimed out for me . 
 i nodded slightly when i understood what they wanted . 
 i was commanded to peel potatoes and i had to ask , as best i could , how they wanted them cut up afterward . 
 i diced one potato and sliced another into rounds before tugging on the sleeve of a nearby comesula . 
 he pointed to the diced pile . 
 i diced up peeled potatoes after washing them . 
 i sliced carrots . 
 tore lettuce . 
 stirred soup , kneaded dough and turned meats . 
 i watched and listened , but high demon is a difficult language to learn . 
 kifirin had let me understand it temporarily , before taking it away . 
 the larentii had given me other languages on refizan ; why had n't this one been included ? 
 at least i would n't be adrift on a shifting ocean with no paddle and a leaking boat . 
 thank goodness , i could eat normal food or i would have been in real trouble . 
 who knows what the high demons would do if they found a modified vampire feeding off the population ? 
 i washed dishes , too , and cleaned the kitchen with help from two young comesuli . 
 orliff came for me after that . 
 at least they 'd let me eat before i had to clean the kitchen , even if it was n't the best portion of what they served . 
 i was a kitchen drudge , now . 
 i promised to remind myself of that the next time they needed saving . 
 oh , i did n't blame the comesuli . 
 the high demons ? 
 i knew from dreams that one of the kings before this one had f ** ked up and not sent his high demons out to control the ra'ak . 
 that decision had almost cost them everything . 
 of course , dear old dad had hauled me off to this godforsaken planet so i could take care of their little problem . 
 and then i 'd been left here , like a tool that was n't needed again . 
 just dropped where it was used last . 
 that was the story of my life . 
 conceived purposely , to save the vampire and werewolf races on earth , kill xenides and his minions , and finally to save the high demons . 
 well done , lissa . 
 fuck off , now . 
 you 're no longer needed . 
 i took my bath when i returned to our suite and did more listening . 
 mostly what i understood was names . 
 darvul , orliff and noff . 
 at least i had pajamas of a sort , though the cloth was n't the best and felt rough against my skin . 
 beggars ca n't be choosers , my mother always said . 
 i snorted at the memory . 
 i was pissed at her , too . 
 and i certainly was a beggar , now , dependent upon the charity of the comesuli around me , as well as the generosity of the high demons . 
 had i been on earth , i would have told them what they could do with all their generosity . 
 i was n't on earth though , and it was unlikely i 'd ever get back now . 
 * * * `` niff is upset , '' orliff muttered to noff while niff took his bath . 
 `` did they not treat him well in the kitchens ? '' 
 noff asked . 
 `` i do not know , but he is holding himself stiffly . 
 i know not whether i should mention this to darvul , '' orliff said . 
 `` i do not know how to deal with this . '' 
 `` perhaps it will pass ; let us keep watch over this and decide later , '' noff suggested . 
 orliff nodded ; niff was coming out of the bath now , struggling to get loosely fitting pajamas situated on his thin body . 
 `` niff , you should eat more ; you need to gain weight , '' orliff sighed , knowing his words would not be understood . 
 niff studied him for a moment before walking past to climb into bed . 
 * * * `` should we hold a memorial for rorevik , brother ? '' 
 gardevik asked . 
 they 'd been served a midday meal at the stockade , between handing convicted prisoners to the palace guards for execution . 
 `` i 'm not sure the commons would appreciate it , '' jayd muttered . 
 `` they suffered under our brother 's rule because he was too weak to protect them properly . '' 
 `` perhaps a small service , then ? '' 
 garde suggested . 
 `` a small service . 
 we should ask glindarok how she feels about this . 
 she should have a part in this decision . '' 
 `` i believe she will agree . '' 
 `` i hope you are right , brother . 
 i do miss him , '' jayd sighed . 
 `` and we have a request from griffin , the retired saa thalarr , asking permission to put up a memorial to his daughter . '' 
 `` we had no idea what was behind the killing of the ra'ak - i thought it was glindarok 's associates in the saa thalarr . 
 now we learn that even they were not capable of what a vampire queen could do . '' 
 `` had she lived , the commons would flock to her . 
 we would be forced to let them go , gardevik . 
 she would take them to le-ath veronis , and we would have to do for ourselves again . '' 
 `` perhaps it is just as well then , brother . '' 
 `` you rejoice in her death ? '' 
 `` i did not say that . '' 
 `` we will have to allow the memorial ; i just do not know how the knowledge will affect the commons . '' 
 `` then we should put it off for a while . '' 
 `` i will see what i can do . 
 it sounds ungrateful of us , brother , to do it , though . '' 
 jayd regarded his brother , who was finishing a cup of wine . 
 `` the saa thalarr are not left with the running of a planet , brother , '' gardevik observed . 
 `` no , but they made sure we still had a planet to run afterward . 
 or at least the little queen vampire did . 
 the croth and drith she killed convinced the others to surrender . '' 
 `` lendevik should have done things differently . 
 this could have been avoided . '' 
 gardevik snorted and smoke poured from his nostrils . 
 `` do not speak ill of glinda 's father in front of her , i beg you , '' jayd said . 
 `` she still loves him . 
 the little queen vampire is past all that . 
 we never knew her and can not pay our proper respects , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` then perhaps in a year , when these other things are behind us , we will allow them to erect a memorial . 
 the commons should be calmed down by then , '' gardevik observed . 
 `` there were only fifty high demon deaths , not counting the rogue croth and drith . 
 the common demon deaths are nearing twenty thousand , i hear . '' 
 `` yes , i hear that too , '' jayd sighed . 
 `` i have n't informed glindarok ; it will upset her greatly if she learns of it . 
 we are even short-staffed at the palace , now ; many servants are away , helping families rebuild homes and businesses . '' 
 `` supplies are short as well , and we can not count on any fruit or vegetable shipments from the southern continent ; the eruptions of the volcano have destroyed all the crops . 
 i have considered sending a handful of troops down to make assessments on the damage there . '' 
 garde watched his brother 's face closely . 
 `` do you think there is any truth to the rumors that kifirin did indeed wake ? '' 
 jayd had never seen the god ; not during his long life , but there were records in lendevik 's old library that chronicled sightings of kifirin , and they spoke of meetings between him and the raoni of old . 
 garde may have seen him-he was older than jayd , but he never spoke of it . 
 `` the rumors among the commons coming in from the villages there are full of sightings , '' garde replied . 
 `` are you ready to go back to work , brother ? '' 
 `` yes , '' jayd rose . 
 `` perhaps we should send troops down with a few commons . 
 they wo n't be able to skip with the commons , but by the time they arrive using coaches or wagons , the eruptions may have subsided . '' 
 `` good . 
 we 'll discuss this over dinner tonight . 
 glinda can decide who will go ; that should make her feel useful . '' 
 garde grinned at his brother , who 'd described glinda 's tantrum the previous evening . 
 `` garde , if she thinks you 're patronizing her , i would n't want to be in your shoes after those babies are born . '' 
 `` perhaps she 'll forget it by then , '' garde laughed . 
 jayd blew out a breath and shook his head at his brother . 
 * * * i now understood the words for potatoes , carrots , snap beans and sugar . 
 too bad there was n't any way to write it all down . 
 i had n't seen any comesuli in the kitchens with paper or writing utensils . 
 there was no coffee on kifirin-yeah , the planet was actually named after the ass ** le . 
 is that enormous ego or what ? 
 i was wishing for coffee , especially in the mornings . 
 i was still adjusting to staying awake during the day and sleeping at night . 
 it was getting better , but my eyes were still glued shut whenever orliff tried to wake me every morning . 
 cheedas , chief cook in the palace kitchen , was bringing me all the produce to peel , chop or cut up now , because he liked the way i did it . 
 the word for cutting potatoes into cubes was dorthi . 
 go figure . 
 yeah , the wizard of oz came to my mind , too . 
 every time . 
 i ate my bowl of stew later , after everyone else was served . 
 i then set about cleaning the kitchen before going back to my little corner of darvul 's suite . 
 he , noff and orliff still kept an eye on me , but did n't worry so much when i was working in the kitchen . 
 i guess the high demons did n't pay anybody anything , either ; i had n't seen any money and would n't know what the word for paycheck would be anyway . 
 two high demons came in just as i was finishing my evening duties . 
 they started babbling to me right away , and none of their words were the words i knew . 
 i blinked at them ; they were both six-four and were brothers ; i could tell by the scent . 
 i had to shake my head at them , trying to tell them i did n't understand what they were saying . 
 one of them-the older of the two-became angry and smoke curled from his nostrils . 
 i made a cutting off motion with my hands and then pointed to one of my ears and shook my head again . 
 * * * `` he 's trying to tell you he does n't understand , '' jayd slapped garde on the shoulder . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 cheedas walked in . 
 `` raoni , prime minister , '' he bowed slightly to both high demons . 
 `` we ca n't seem to make him understand that we 're hungry , '' garde huffed . 
 `` this one suffered a head injury in the attack and does n't understand speech now , although if you mimic what you want , he understands that very well , '' cheedas replied . 
 `` you 'll have to forgive him-he is good at what he does , otherwise . '' 
 `` if you act like a steer , maybe he 'll broil a steak , '' jayd informed his brother , chuckling . 
 `` just mimic eating , '' cheedas suggested . 
 `` i 'll be interested to see what he cooks as a result . '' 
 * * * thanks to cheedas , the two high demons were now making eating motions . 
 i sighed and went to the box that held the cold items . 
 it was n't a fridge , although it served as one . 
 there were round steaks inside , so i pulled those out and started pounding them with a meat hammer . 
 those two high demons , and cheedas who stayed to watch , were fascinated as i put chicken-fried steak together for them . 
 leftover baked potatoes were heated and mashed with cream and butter , and then i made gravy to go with all of it , setting two plates of food before the high demons first . 
 cheedas accepted a plate of food and a glass of the wine i 'd opened for the other two . 
 they liked it . 
 all of them did . 
 cheedas was staring at me after he 'd taken his first bite . 
 i recognized one of the high demons-he was the king . 
 would n't do to piss the king off , i guess . 
 and since the other one was his brother , well , same thing , almost . 
 i was cleaning the kitchen again after the mess i 'd made fixing them a late dinner . 
 they ate and talked while i worked . 
 i 'd gotten flour on my freshly mopped floor , so i had to mop that spot again while i waited for their dishes . 
 * * * `` he understands names if you tell him and point to yourself , '' cheedas informed the two high demons , handing his empty plate and glass to niff . 
 `` his name is niff , by the way . 
 at least that 's what they 're calling him , as he does n't remember who he is and ca n't speak . '' 
 `` niff , '' jayd said . 
 he recognized the little common as the one who 'd interrupted his dinner in the arboretum . 
 niff looked up as his name was spoken , a question in his eyes . 
 `` jaydevik , '' jayd tapped his chest with a finger . 
 niff nodded his understanding . 
 `` gardevik , '' jayd poked his brother on the arm . 
 the little common 's eyebrows rose as he stared at garde . 
 `` i do n't think he likes you , '' jayd teased his brother . 
 niff nodded respectfully to garde and went back to mopping the floor . 
 * * * the two high demons sat in the kitchen , sipping additional glasses of wine while i washed their plates and utensils , putting all of it away . 
 cheedas had left again , leaving the two high demons to finish eating . 
 they were discussing something , i could tell . 
 it did n't concern me that much , until jayd said niff again . 
 i looked up , thinking he wanted something . 
 jayd looked at me and went off on some tangent . 
 i had no idea what he wanted , but he kept going , gesturing now and then . 
 chapter 4 `` since glinda wants you to go to the southern continent , brother , to check the area , you could take little niff , here , to do your cooking . 
 that way we wo n't upset cheedas so much and the kitchen wo n't suffer as a result , '' jayd grinned at his brother . 
 they 'd brought their proposition to glinda earlier , telling her she could make the decision on who led the task force to the southern continent . 
 garde had blown smoke for ticks afterward when she 'd named him right off . 
 `` we 'll finish with the questioning and the sentencing first , '' garde huffed . 
 `` but niff can go . 
 i like his cooking , '' he nibbled on a bit of leftover steak . 
 `` and he wo n't be bothering me over every little thing since he ca n't speak . '' 
 `` we only have a hundred drith and croth left , brother . 
 you ought to select the guards you wish to take with you now-both high demon and commons-before you go . 
 if you choose a captain , he can make arrangements for transportation and supplies . '' 
 `` fine , '' garde muttered . 
 he hated taking trips that used ground transportation . 
 he preferred the normal method all high demons used-that of skipping from one place to another . 
 the drawback to skipping was that high demons could only skip themselves from one place to another . 
 if commons went , horses and wagons would be employed instead . 
 `` larevik is a good choice for captain , '' jayd grinned . 
 `` if my brother were n't king , i might thrash him , '' garde grumbled , pushing his wineglass toward niff , who accepted it and took it to wash . 
 jayd laughed and slapped his brother on the back . 
 * * * it was quite late when i made my way to bed that night , and i almost fell asleep in the shower . 
 my eyes were closing as i cleaned up and i was afraid to lean against the tiled wall in case i did nod off . 
 orliff was already asleep and snoring softly when i crawled into bed . 
 he was shaking me awake before the sun came up the following morning , just as he always did . 
 my life as a kitchen drudge went in a different direction , though , after i cooked for the king and his brother . 
 cheedas would stay after the late meals were served and the kitchen cleaned , asking me through words and mime to cook something else . 
 he watched me closely as i made sugar cookies . 
 i had n't seen anything close to chocolate anywhere and wished for it on more than one occasion . 
 i wanted brownies-had a taste for them , suddenly . 
 they did have oats , so oatmeal cookies came into being and i knew how to make fresh pasta so cheedas and i tried our hand at lasagna . 
 it turned out very well , even if the noodles were thicker than usual . 
 i resolved to make them thinner the next time . 
 jaydevik and gardevik both showed up for the lasagna tasting and jayd was more than happy with what he got . 
 i showed cheedas the meat grinder at one point , silently asking him , as best i could if we could get another plate with smaller holes so we could make spaghetti . 
 he finally understood when i drew a rough picture in some flour scattered across the prep table . 
 he had a new plate for me in a couple of days and when i made spaghetti for him the first time , he was in raptures . 
 cheeses on the high demon planet were also very good ; the goat cheeses were some of the best , i discovered . 
 we made alfredo sauce and covered more noodles , sliced half an inch in width . 
 i was getting the high demons hooked on italian without really meaning to . 
 * * * `` how do we tell him he has a day off ? '' 
 orliff consulted darvul and noff . 
 niff , thinking he was supposed to go to the kitchens , was dressed and ready to walk out the door . 
 `` i do n't know , '' noff shrugged . 
 `` what were you planning to do today ? 
 do you think we should take him along and let him spend time with us ? '' 
 `` i was going to visit my father , '' orliff said . 
 `` i 'll take him with me . '' 
 orliff went to grab niff 's hand before he could go out the door . 
 * * * orliff was telling me to come ; i understood that word now . 
 i did n't know what he was saying after he said come , though . 
 i blew out a breath , let him keep his grip on my hand and followed him out the door and down the long hallway that led to the front entrance . 
 we walked through the city that day instead of riding ; i was able to see more of it that way . 
 most of the city was rebuilding-i was glad about that , but much of it was still empty space . 
 the comesuli had been busy-most of the rubble was cleared away already . 
 some buildings still stood-we passed the occasional open shop and vegetable market , all with goods and wares on display . 
 small comesuli were running and chasing one another through the streets , laughing while they did so . 
 that cheered me up , although it did make me wonder how many children died when the ra'ak attacked . 
 orliff and i walked for an hour before we came to a shop where rugs were sold . 
 it smelled of wool , dye and a brush with ra'ak scales . 
 an older comesula came forward and hugged orliff when we arrived . 
 i knew by scent that he was orliff 's parent , though they looked nothing alike . 
 orliff explained that i was handicapped and his parent , whose name was paraf , motioned for me to follow him and found a chair for me inside his tiny living quarters . 
 orliff and i were served tea and small pieces of dried fruit dipped in sugar . 
 paraf and orliff had catching up to do ; they talked nonstop for two hours , after which we ate a small meal and then the talking began again . 
 it was late afternoon when they finally ran down-paraf often left us to help a customer . 
 his rugs were beautifully patterned , and made of colorful , hand-dyed wool . 
 i 'd fingered one or two of them while we 'd stood inside his shop early on . 
 paraf was three hundred years old ; i could tell from his scent . 
 he 'd also been making rugs for a very long time ; that was obvious . 
 curiously , i watched paraf as he bargained with a high demon for two rugs , eventually accepting six gold pieces for both . 
 at least somebody was getting paid for their labor . 
 orliff and i made our way back to the palace , returning in time to get dinner in the kitchen . 
 i was served a plate of food and it was n't the scrapings , this time . 
 dinner was chicken stew , and it made me want to bake biscuits to go with it-to make a chicken pot pie . 
 i held back though , eating my dinner gratefully . 
 that was my life for the next six weeks ; seven days in the kitchen , followed by a day off . 
 i wanted to go back to the arboretum , but was too afraid i 'd run into other high demons so i did n't risk it . 
 i also wanted to turn to mist at times and sit on one of the palace domes . 
 that would probably scare orliff and noff to death ; they kept a close eye on me whenever i was n't working in the kitchen . 
 i did n't want to frighten them ; they were doing their best to take care of me , even if i did appear to be a disabled casualty of war . 
 i was adding to my vocabulary , too , but i had n't attempted speech . 
 i was n't sure i could pronounce the words . 
 i understood everything better , at least-cheedas did n't have to mime so much . 
 i understood cut up carrots or stir the soup or any number of other cooking-related sentences . 
 i got a few other words out of kitchen gossip ; the comesuli did love to gossip . 
 none of it had to do with somebody 's daughter or girlfriend getting pregnant or fooling around with anybody . 
 the comesuli did n't have sex and their children were produced autonomously . 
 a pregnant comesula worked in the kitchen and wore a type of sling over his shoulder to hold up his pouch-it was growing on his lower left side . 
 i found that fascinating . 
 i also heard the word baetrah mentioned and discovered that the pregnant comesula was missing a traditional trip to the volcano because it erupted and the southern continent was n't a safe place to visit at the moment . 
 i did n't know that soon i would be headed in that direction myself . 
 * * * `` you 're taking a comesula injured during the attacks ? '' 
 glinda had hands on her hips as she glared at jayd 's brother . 
 `` he cooks very well and since he ca n't speak , he ca n't scold me , '' garde smiled . 
 he was irritating glinda , which suited him very well . 
 long ago , more than twelve hundred years , in fact , he 'd taught glinda . 
 she 'd learned how to fight from him . 
 he 'd also taught her how to skip and write and many other things high demons were expected to know . 
 he 'd angered her , too , when he told her what her life would be as a high demon female . 
 she 'd skipped right off the planet and had gone missing for a very long time , until his brother found her by accident . 
 she had absolutely no respect for gardevik or his position as jayd 's prime minister , and garde did n't mind in the least . 
 `` you said i could choose my guards and commons ; therefore niff is coming with me . 
 good luck on getting those mashed potatoes you like so well , '' garde grinned . 
 `` i can still throw things at you and i wo n't miss , '' glinda snapped , her blue eyes flashing a warning at gardevik rath . 
 `` then i will leave you now before the projectiles fly , '' garde was still grinning . 
 `` i will inform cheedas that niff is coming with me . 
 that ought to anger him enough that you 'll not get a decent meal for a week . '' 
 gardevik left glinda 's quarters , laughing when he heard her shouting , `` jaydevik , come and kill your brother for me ! '' 
 * * * orliff was upset ; i could tell immediately , as he gestured for me to fold and pack my clothing into a shapeless bag . 
 i offered him a puzzled glance as he did his best to explain something to me , but my limited vocabulary prevented me from understanding much of it . 
 he said niff several times , the word go and somewhere in all that he said baetrah . 
 were they sending me to the southern continent ? 
 to the volcano ? 
 i thought it was dangerous there . 
 there was probably ash to be dealt with , and none of my borrowed clothing went well with blackish-gray . 
 a strange comesula came in , dressed in a palace guard 's uniform . 
 he seemed to be asking if i were ready . 
 he also had more clothing and a pair of boots in his hands , which he handed off to orliff . 
 orliff gestured for me to wear one of the new uniforms , so i went to the bathroom to change . 
 * * * `` he 'll lose that modesty quickly when we travel through the deserted areas , '' veris , captain of the common guard grumbled as niff walked out of the bathroom , dressed in the uniform and boots veris supplied . 
 `` he is not whole , '' orliff snapped . 
 `` if an entire shop had fallen on your head , i would hope others might be sympathetic to your plight . 
 neither i nor my instructor thinks this is a good idea and your taking of niff goes against darvul 's better judgment . '' 
 `` i would not take him , '' veris snapped back , `` but gardevik is demanding it . 
 he wants niff to cook for him and be his valet while we are on this mission for the queen . '' 
 orliff was still grumbling when niff was instructed to follow veris out of the suite . 
 * * * how had things come to this ? 
 i was wondering that for at least the tenth time as we loaded things into wagons -lrb- the comesuli and me ; none of the high demons thought to lift a finger -rrb- . 
 it did n't bother me to lift the heavy bags of flour or any of the crates , though if i caught anyone watching , i pretended to need help . 
 the animals hitched to the wagons resembled oxen , with four short horns instead of two , like the ones i 'd always seen . 
 there were comesuli drivers for the wagons , and they would be tending the oxen . 
 the comesuli in uniform -lrb- and that included me -rrb- , were there to act as backup for the high demons , especially in their dealings with other comesuli . 
 midmorning arrived before we were loaded up and on the road , and as i was now considered gardevik 's private cook and personal servant , i rode in the wagon that carried his things . 
 and he had a lot . 
 my duffle bag of clothing and personal belongings were lost in a corner of that wagon . 
 most of the comesuli troops walked , but they switched off with those who rode from time to time , so everyone could get a rest . 
 the high demons had horses to ride . 
 yeah , same old horse-type horses earth had . 
 i was grateful to learn i did n't have to look after gardevik 's horse ; somebody else would do that . 
 altogether , there were six high demons , not counting gardevik , twenty comesuli troops , six wagon drivers and seven grooms to tend the horses for a total of forty . 
 we left veshtul behind after two hours , and the road we traveled outside the city sure needed work . 
 it made me think of the romans and how they 'd built roads as they 'd marched along . 
 somebody sure needed to work on this one as we moved over it . 
 it also made me think of gavin , and that made me sad . 
 for him , i 'd been gone three hundred years . 
 i was probably a distant memory to him , which made me feel worse . 
 the grief over rene and greg 's loss was still fresh for me too , although franklin was gone as well unless merrill had talked him into allowing the turn . 
 i had to force myself to think of other things before i broke down and wept . 
 the wagon i rode in was enclosed , but the driver did n't mind if i sat up front with him so i could see the country we were passing through . 
 he knew i was recovering and spent the day pointing things out and naming them . 
 i could have hugged him when he did that . 
 his name was corin , i learned , and he was a patient soul . 
 when we stopped for the night , it was in the middle of nowhere and gardevik got a steak grilled over a campfire , along with fresh asparagus i found growing wild near the road . 
 he also got biscuits cooked in an iron skillet , which i served with butter and honey . 
 larevik , the high demon captain , came over and had what was left of the biscuits , drizzling honey over them while he and gardevik talked . 
 i cleaned my pans and dishes , made sure gardevik did n't want anything else to eat and got his bed ready in the wagon . 
 it only hit me then that i did n't know where i was supposed to sleep . 
 i went to ask corin , as best i could . 
 he understood quickly when i mimed sleeping , pointing to a spot at the foot of gardevik 's sleeping pad and blankets . 
 i was going to sleep there on a thin mat , with a blanket and small pillow . 
 i nodded my thanks to corin , who was bedding down beneath the wagon . 
 i discovered quickly what being a high demon 's personal servant meant . 
 gardevik stripped , went to bed naked and watched lazily as i brushed dust from his clothing . 
 i wiped his boots off and put everything away before going to bed . 
 gardevik was completely uninhibited , parading about as if he were proud of his endowments . 
 i 'm not saying he should n't feel proud over what he had or how he looked . 
 it was damned embarrassing , however . 
 i sighed softly , told myself to get used to it and huddled under my blanket inches away from his feet . 
 we stopped in a small city on the second night and had rooms to sleep in-at least the high demons did , and since i was gardevik 's personal servant , i slept in a corner of his room on a small cot . 
 the high demons were also served dinner by our host , while the comesuli made do for themselves . 
 garde grumbled about the food afterward , but i did n't understand half his words . 
 he got a bath -lrb- we both did -rrb- , but his came first and i saw to his clothing before cleaning up afterward . 
 he did n't bother me and was snoring softly when i came out . 
 i had my cotton pajamas on-that 's what i slept in , and he never looked at me twice anyway . 
 just as well ; had he paid attention , he might have noticed a few things . 
 to him , i was a common demon and nothing else . 
 the following two nights were spent on the road and larevik invited himself to dinner both nights . 
 i made fried chicken for them the first night and smothered steak the second . 
 gardevik was begging for biscuits on the second night , but he called them indu nera , or round breads . 
 he got indu nera , which was quite good with the smothered steak . 
 i do n't know how they kept their meats cold on the road but they had some way to do it , and i figured it was n't local technology . 
 did n't matter ; i was happy to have the cold meat and fresh produce they carried , and each town or city we rode through provided fresh supplies . 
 gardevik asked our host in the next village for the run of his kitchen , sending me in to cook for him and the others . 
 some of the comesuli staff helped , and chicken and dumplings were the result of that collaboration . 
 apple pies waited for dessert ; our host had apples in a basket he intended to give us for our trip . 
 many of those were baked into pies and every crumb disappeared . 
 * * * `` it 's useless-he ca n't write or speak to give you the recipe-he only remembers how to cook and we are very thankful for that , '' gardevik informed his host , who begged to have instructions for making apple pies written down . 
 `` will he ever remember , do you think ? '' 
 garde 's high demon host asked . 
 `` no idea . 
 he sustained a head injury in the attacks and we have lost hope that he will fully recover . 
 i would like to know from whom he learned his cooking skills and why we never heard of some of these dishes before . 
 perhaps it was a closely guarded family secret , '' garde answered . 
 he was quite proud of his assistant , although he kept that information to himself . 
 * * * we 'd been on the road more than a week before i received my first taunt . 
 honestly , i expected it before then , but i was garde 's chief cook and bottle washer , so that 's why it probably took so long . 
 it was n't one of the high demons , either , which surprised me . 
 it was a comesula-one of the guards . 
 `` difik , '' he muttered , when i showed up to get the evening 's ration of meat and vegetables to cook . 
 i was now serving gardevik , larevik , and larevik 's next in line . 
 difik was one of the words i actually knew . 
 as best i could translate , it meant idiot , or even slow idiot . 
 if i 'd known how to call him shithead , i would have . 
 i did n't know how and it would blow my cover anyway . 
 i ignored him , collected my supplies and went back to garde 's camp . 
 * * * `` he needs a haircut , '' veris 's lieutenant declared . 
 `` lord gardevik has more important things on his mind and does not need to be bothered with this . '' 
 veris carefully weighed breth 's claims about the little common who could n't speak . 
 `` i suppose you intend to correct the situation ? '' 
 veris crossed arms over his chest . 
 `` with your permission . 
 his hair is too long and appears untidy . 
 it presents the wrong image for the raoni 's troops . '' 
 `` but that one is not of the raoni 's troops , '' veris pointed out . 
 `` he is recovering from a head injury . '' 
 `` a haircut is not harmful in the least , '' breth declared . 
 `` and he will look better afterward . '' 
 `` fine , go and get him , '' veris muttered . 
 * * * the one who 'd called me difik came to get me shortly before bedtime that evening . 
 `` come , '' he demanded . 
 i had no idea how to tell him that i did n't want to come anywhere with him . 
 i watched him warily as he led me through camp . 
 veris , the one who 'd pulled me away from orliff at the palace , stood waiting . 
 he mimed cutting hair to me . 
 that stopped me in my tracks . 
 i 'd worked so hard to get my hair to the length it was . 
 it barely touched my shoulders and was still quite curly as a result . 
 most comesuli kept their hair short-it was easier to take care of , i suppose , but i was n't a comesula . 
 i wanted to keep my hair and grow it longer . 
 i wanted it back to the length it was before i 'd tried to give myself to the sun . 
 i was shaking my head violently at veris , doing my best to tell him i wanted nothing to do with a haircut . 
 he was motioning for me to come and sit down . 
 i shook my head again and tried to walk away . 
 that 's when i was grabbed . 
 * * * `` do n't hurt him ! '' 
 veris shouted as breth and another comesula grabbed niff 's arms , forcing him to a nearby stump . 
 niff was frightened and struggling in their grasp . 
 veris was beginning to think the haircut a bad idea , but he 'd already given permission . 
 niff was resisting and he had n't expected that . 
 at other times , niff had cooperated when asked to do something . 
 `` get shackles ! '' 
 breth commanded and another comesula came running with the requested chain bracelets . 
 niff was still fighting breth and weld , so the third comesula locked the shackles on the small common 's wrists , tightening them . 
 the chain between the bracelets was very short-only a few links-and still the little common had to be held down on the stump . 
 breth accepted the shears from someone else . 
 niff 's eyes were wide and tears came when breth made the first cut . 
 reddish-blond curls dropped to the ground . 
 `` cut it well or you 'll be chained , '' veris growled at breth . 
 the little common was weeping as breth kept snipping . 
 * * * `` what happened ? '' 
 gardevik demanded as his little common rushed past , weeping and wiping his face on a sleeve . 
 veris had followed along in case an explanation was needed . 
 `` breth pointed out that he needed a haircut , '' veris stood before gardevik . 
 `` and did niff agree to this ? '' 
 garde asked . 
 `` he did n't want it , '' veris replied , wondering if he should n't have thought this through before granting permission . 
 `` and he sat there and let you do it anyway ? '' 
 `` well , we did have to shackle him and hold him down , '' veris did n't like where the conversation was going . 
 `` you shackled my cook to force him to get a haircut ? '' 
 garde did n't like veris 's explanation . 
 `` he did n't present the proper image as your personal servant , '' veris mumbled , repeating breth 's words to him . 
 `` do n't you think i should decide what my personal servant 's proper image should be ? '' 
 smoke curled from garde 's nostrils . 
 veris recognized that as a warning sign . 
 any high demon blowing smoke was angry , and an angry high demon was never far from their thifilathi . 
 `` my apologies , high lord . 
 we made a mistake . '' 
 `` do not lay your hands on niff again without my permission , '' garde snarled . 
 `` yes , high lord . '' 
 veris wanted to run to get away from gardevik , but he walked away instead , in an effort to retain his dignity . 
 * * * they 'd cut my hair . 
 they 'd cut my f ** king hair . 
 just snipped it right off while i was chained and held down . 
 if they 'd known i could have snapped those chains with a flick of my wrist , they might not have put them on me in the first place . 
 i was learning my lesson-not all comesuli were kind . 
 they were just like any other people , i guess . 
 i wiped tears off my face and went to find garde 's mirror-he kept one to groom his hair . 
 the image that stared back at me made me want to weep again . 
 that ass ** le had butchered my hair . 
 it was an inch in length now , and looked horribly uneven . 
 i wanted to mist the jackass away and drop him in the nearest lake , harboring hope that it might contain crocodiles or large , comesula-eating fish . 
 no way could i fix this . 
 i was stuck with the worst haircut imaginable . 
 i could have done a better job if i 'd cut it myself . 
 fuck . 
 fuck to the twelfth power . 
 gardevik climbed into the wagon later ; i took his clothes and boots from him , as i always did . 
 tearstains still showed on my cheeks , but garde never looked at me anyway . 
 he could compete with gavin in looks-dark-brown hair , darker eyes and a handsome enough face , and all that was matched with a body most men on earth would kill to get . 
 high demons seemed to have it naturally . 
 i 'm sure kifirin the ass ** le had seen to that when he 'd made them , all those years ago . 
 kifirin . 
 if he was here now , i 'd slap him into next week , i was so mad . 
 griffin too . 
 they both had a lot to answer for . 
 maybe that 's why they had n't gone looking for me ; i 'd served my purpose and now they had no desire to listen to the vampire whine . 
 perhaps i was supposed to be bigger than that and understand how i 'd had a higher calling or something-that i was supposed to be one of those long-suffering heroines the books all praised . 
 i was n't anything like that . 
 i 'd been birthed for a specific reason-to keep the peace between werewolves and vampires , destroy xenides and then save high demon and comesuli ass . 
 one of those comesuli had just chopped off my hair and chained me up to do it . 
 my head looked like someone had taken a weed trimmer to it . 
 i sure hoped his ass did n't need saving again , because i might have second thoughts . 
 * * * `` griffin nearly went crazy when he learned that lissa 's memorial was n't planned for another year , '' kiarra was as tactful as possible while speaking with jayd . 
 `` but we have no idea how this news will affect the commons ; they 're only now climbing out of the rubble from the attack , '' jayd defended his and garde 's decision . 
 `` if we tell them the hope they 've prayed and waited for is now dead , who knows what will happen ? '' 
 `` you mean they might stop serving your dinner for a day or two ? '' 
 griffin appeared and he was angry . 
 `` my daughter died defending this planet and this is the thanks you give her ? '' 
 pheligar folded in , as griffin might have to be restrained . 
 `` we had no idea that 's what happened until after the fact , '' jayd snapped , his thifilathi becoming angry as well . 
 smoke poured from jayd 's nostrils as he glared at griffin . 
 `` so now that it 's over and your posterior and your planet have survived , she is of no consequence ? '' 
 griffin shouted in disbelief . 
 `` i did n't say that , '' jayd held out a hand , attempting to calm himself . 
 `` i am merely working to keep things running smoothly on the planet your daughter saved for us . 
 do you want it thrown into chaos ? 
 we have refugees from the southern continent because the volcano erupted for days . 
 the crops we normally get from those farms will not be delivered . 
 we are facing shortages as a result . 
 what do you think i should do ? '' 
 `` not a f ** king thing ! '' 
 griffin shouted and folded away . 
 `` lord demon , '' pheligar addressed jayd quietly , `` if one of your daughters sacrificed herself to save your planet , you would be wailing to the heavens over it . 
 i will withdraw my protection around the stockade , as will my son renegar . 
 you are on your own . '' 
 pheligar folded away . 
 `` you heard my larentii mate , '' kiarra said . 
 `` i would n't look to the saa thalarr for help in the future . '' 
 she also disappeared . 
 jayd cursed and ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` jaydevik , why did you not consult with me before making this decision ? '' 
 glinda 's voice was soft and angry . 
 she stood in the doorway to the king 's private study , where the meeting with kiarra had taken place . 
 griffin and pheligar 's appearance had come unexpectedly . 
 now , jayd knew glinda had somehow escaped her suite and heard the entire conversation . 
 `` garde and i thought it would be for the best , '' jayd attempted to defend himself . 
 `` you have cut us off , that is what you have done , '' glinda 's voice was louder now . 
 `` i am helpless , because i am pregnant . 
 saa thalarr can not use their power in this condition-it will harm the children . 
 we could have asked for supplies to be brought in ; kiarra would not let the planet starve . 
 yet you have alienated her and the rest of them as a result . 
 are you truly so coldhearted , jaydevik ? 
 you disappoint me . '' 
 glinda whirled and walked away from him , slamming the study door forcefully . 
 * * * larevik reached out to touch my hair while i cooked breakfast the following morning . 
 i ducked away from his hand so fast it startled him . 
 i was still so pissed i could n't see straight . 
 larevik did n't reach for me again . 
 garde did n't say anything ; he merely ignored me as usual , ate like there was no tomorrow and then went to get his horse while i cleaned dishes and loaded them into the wagon . 
 neither breth nor veris were anywhere around when i 'd picked up the food for breakfast earlier , and that was a good thing . 
 i had their scent and from now on , i was staying as far away from them as i could get . 
 we stopped for three days at the next city on our itinerary-raona belarok . 
 it was named after the current raona 's mother . 
 i was getting better at the language and wanted to ask someone for belarok 's story , but talking or attempting to talk now would probably give all of them the shivers . 
 i remained silent , instead . 
 a large house was provided for garde and the other high demons in raona belarok ; it had plenty of space , with servants ' quarters and a large stable . 
 i heard the name croth spoken ; the home had belonged to rogue high demons . 
 dead rogue high demons , unless i missed my guess . 
 `` i wonder what this is called ? '' 
 gardevik was eating his second slice of custard pie . 
 i could have told him it was my mother 's recipe , if i 'd been so inclined . 
 i just set the pan with the last slice in front of him instead and he grinned . 
 later , corin went with me to the local market . 
 garde had given him money and orders to buy food for the next two days to feed him and the other high demons . 
 the comesuli troops had their own cooks and helpers among them and they were going off to do the same . 
 corin enlisted one of the other drivers to help , and we brought back a load of fresh vegetables and meats . 
 i made sure corin and the other driver , foss , got dinner and dessert later . 
 they were more than happy with what they were served ; i made stuffed pork chops , sauteed snap beans and squash . 
 i 'd also found preserved peaches at the market and while it was n't as good as fresh , they all loved the peach cobbler . 
 the other thing that went well , i suppose , was that i was gaining a little weight back . 
 when i 'd first come back to myself , i was skin and bones . 
 no wonder they could n't tell the difference between me and any other comesula . 
 now , though , my shape was coming back and i did n't look quite as gaunt . 
 my hair still looked like crap , though , and i grumbled every time i saw my reflection . 
 breth was still taunting me every chance he had , when nobody was watching or listening . 
 i heard plenty of difik whispered in my direction , some af te jufaleh , which in high demon meant go to hell-or their equivalent of hell , anyway . 
 stupid , dimwitted , malformed and stunted was also aimed at me . 
 at least he had an adequate vocabulary and i was learning new words . 
 no idea why he felt obligated to target me in this way ; i could n't figure him out at all . 
 he did n't put his hands on me again , though , and i figured gardevik had said something to veris . 
 chapter 5 `` we 'll be in range of ash in two days , '' i heard larevik inform garde over dinner . 
 we 'd been back on the road for six days this time , passing the checkpoint between the northern and southern continents . 
 the landscape was already giving way to a lusher , tropical variety of plants . 
 those plants were trying their best to crowd the side of the road , since most of the high demons and comesuli had gone north after baetrah 's eruption . 
 `` we 'll go as far as baetrah an hafei and see what 's left of it , '' gardevik replied . 
 he and larevik were sipping tea i 'd made for them after dinner . 
 they did n't hold back on any of their conversations ; they figured i did n't understand any of it anyway and certainly would n't repeat it . 
 `` what do you make of the rumors that there are croth still hiding in the area ? '' 
 larevik asked . 
 `` if they 're hiding , i have no idea how they 're surviving if the damage from the ash is as bad as i 've heard , '' gardevik replied . 
 `` the cane crops in the area are destroyed . 
 i hope we have plenty of stores , because we may not see another crop for a year or two and the fields may have to be moved . '' 
 `` there are the jungles farther south , '' larevik pointed out . 
 `` we could plant there . '' 
 `` those will have to be cleared , at least in part , and i do n't like cutting down the trees . 
 the farming in that area must be kept at a minimum . '' 
 `` i agree , but who will be running those farms ? 
 croth and drith did it before , and we have thinned them down to nothing . 
 we found so few of them innocent of treason . '' 
 larevik shook his head . 
 `` the fools , '' garde growled , holding out his cup so i 'd bring more tea . 
 i brought the tea and poured for him . 
 `` niffy , '' garde grabbed me and planted a kiss on top of my head . 
 `` go to bed , short one . '' 
 he motioned toward the wagon . 
 i stared at him in shock for a few seconds before getting my head together and walking toward the wagon . 
 i lay awake , listening to the rest of the conversation ; my hearing was still as sharp as it ever was . 
 garde and larevik were kicking around ideas regarding what they should do if they did come across croth or drith in the region . 
 we 'd met no comesuli at all after passing the border and there were few animals ; they 'd fled the area as well . 
 garde talked about food rations , which concerned me . 
 we 'd loaded up as much as we could at the border town , but we had three more days to get to the city below the volcano . 
 baetrah an hafei was the name of that city and it would take another six days to return to the border , once we turned around to come back . 
 that might get tricky . 
 larevik talked of sending some of the comesuli troops back to the border town to wait for us . 
 garde thought it a good idea . 
 `` if we send fifteen back with one of the wagons , we can make do with the others-that will leave the drivers and grooms plus a few handpicked troops , '' garde agreed . 
 i was hoping breth would be among the fifteen sent away . 
 my hope was short-lived as i watched fifteen comesuli leave us the following morning after breakfast . 
 breth stayed . 
 dammit . 
 that day we came across volcanic ash and it kept getting deeper the farther south we traveled . 
 it choked the vegetation we now passed on both sides of the road , which was nearly covered in the grayish black stuff . 
 we stopped midafternoon to inspect a farm not far off the road . 
 furrows were buried beneath heavy , suffocating ash and the plants were dead when garde kicked away some of it to check . 
 `` heat from the ash and lack of sun , '' garde grumbled . 
 decomposing corpses of cattle lay nearby and they smelled . 
 i was having difficulty dealing with the stench , but followed garde and larevik obediently toward the carcasses when i was instructed to walk behind them . 
 `` why did the cattle die here ? '' 
 larevik asked . 
 `` this was a cane farm . 
 the cattle farms were south of here . '' 
 `` they were running away from the eruption when they were poisoned from eating ash covered plants , '' i said , and then clapped a hand over my mouth . 
 `` niffy , how long have you been able to speak ? '' 
 gardevik was now frowning at me . 
 larevik stared in shock-he 'd never expected me to speak at all . 
 my eyes were wide as i gaped at both of them . 
 `` not until now , '' i squeaked an answer to garde 's question . 
 `` it just happened . '' 
 `` well , barring future miracles , i think we 've seen enough here , '' garde was laughing and shaking his head as he herded larevik and me toward the wagons and the others waiting there . 
 `` difik , '' breth was back to his old tricks as i got supplies from the wagon to make dinner that evening . 
 `` shithead , '' i replied in high demon and walked away from him , carrying my small crate of food . 
 i did n't look back , but imagined his mouth may have been hanging open as i left him standing there , ankle-deep in volcanic ash . 
 * * * the ash was nearly a foot deep the following day and deeper than that when we arrived in the deserted city of baetrah an hafei . 
 located roughly forty miles from the volcano , it had been heavily damaged by the eruptions . 
 buildings that had n't burned had collapsed beneath the weight of ash . 
 i found myself hoping nobody had stayed to get caught in all of that , thinking of pompeii and herculaneum . 
 `` turn back , you will find nothing here . '' 
 i knew that voice . 
 it had come from nowhere , accompanied by the sudden appearance of the voice 's owner . 
 kifirin . 
 i 'd slogged along behind the others-the high demons had the easiest time getting over the thick piles of ash in the town . 
 i did n't waste any time now , though , misting myself right in front of kifirin . 
 `` you ass ** le ! '' 
 i shouted at him in english . 
 `` you did this on purpose ! '' 
 i slapped him as hard as i could . 
 `` i hate you ! 
 you and griffin both ! 
 i was just a convenience for you , was n't i ? 
 you only wanted to save your high demons ' asses . 
 you did n't give a f ** k about me . 
 never gave a f ** k about me . '' 
 i was crying by then and i slapped kifirin again . 
 slapping a god was probably going to make me very , very dead . 
 but that 's what he 'd intended to begin with , was n't it ? 
 * * * gardevik and the others stared as little niff somehow appeared before kifirin , shouted at him , and then slapped him-twice . 
 gardevik understood the english , but none of the others did . 
 this was n't a common . 
 he was staring at the vampire queen and she knew kifirin . 
 not only that , kifirin was standing there , taking everything she chose to dish out and she was n't being kind with her words . 
 * * * my breaths were sobs as i collapsed in the ash before kifirin . 
 he had n't moved the entire time i 'd yelled at him and then slapped him . 
 and i 'd put most of my strength into those slaps . 
 `` lissa , how are you alive ? '' 
 kifirin sounded sad . 
 he could keep that lie to himself . 
 i was n't swallowing it . 
 ever again . 
 he knelt before me as i hugged myself , trying to stop shivering even in the heat of the southern hemisphere . 
 `` i d-don ' t kn-know , '' i stuttered . 
 `` leave me the f ** k alone . '' 
 `` avilepha , please do not do this . 
 i have loved you from the moment i met you . '' 
 `` d-don ' t give me that shit , kifirin . 
 you sacrificed me . 
 you and griffin . 
 and i 'm just supposed to act like that 's okay ? '' 
 i sobbed again . 
 `` go away . '' 
 `` how will you get off the planet , m ` hala ? '' 
 kifirin 's voice was soft . 
 `` i must do this for you . '' 
 `` i do n't want a f ** king thing from you . '' 
 i stood and walked away from him . 
 `` very well , '' he called after me . 
 `` i will join your expedition . 
 i will work to bring myself back into your good graces , avilepha . '' 
 kifirin stood behind me . 
 `` fuck , '' i muttered and passed gardevik , who was staring-first at me and then at kifirin as i made my way toward the wagon . 
 `` do n't come anywhere near me , '' i warned breth later-he 'd come to gape , as had the other comesuli . 
 `` you see this , '' i gripped a handful of my hair . 
 `` you f ** ked up my hair and i waited so long for it to grow out again . '' 
 `` you are the vampire queen ? '' 
 veris stood beside breth , his question whispered reverently . 
 `` yeah . 
 sure . 
 do n't i look like a f ** king queen ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 kifirin had holed up somewhere with gardevik and the other high demons . 
 figures . 
 they were all he cared about anyway . 
 `` but you walk in daylight , '' breth accused . 
 `` yeah . 
 how about that ? '' 
 i grumped . 
 `` feel free to ask dear old dad about that . '' 
 i turned and slogged my way over more ash . 
 i wanted to get away from all of them right then , but figured if i misted away , i 'd still be stuck on the f ** king planet with no food , money or clothing . 
 some days , i just loved my life . 
 * * * `` your mate is the vampire queen ? '' 
 larevik could n't believe what he was hearing . 
 `` you question me ? '' 
 kifirin leveled his gaze at larevik . 
 smoke curled from kifirin 's nostrils . 
 `` she bears my claiming marks . 
 if you had n't had you head up your posterior , you would have seen them . '' 
 `` but she was shouting at you , '' another of the high demons ventured to say . 
 he was terrified . 
 kifirin had stepped out of myth and into reality for him in the space of a few moments . 
 `` yes , she was . '' 
 kifirin smiled . 
 `` my little queen is not frightened of me . 
 nor do i wish her to be . '' 
 `` what do you want from us ? '' 
 gardevik asked . 
 he 'd seen kifirin before , but that had been long ago , when gardevik was very young . 
 `` i want nothing from you . 
 i want my mate . 
 i want her love . 
 therefore , i will be traveling with you . 
 do you have objections ? '' 
 `` no , '' garde shook his head . 
 this was kifirin . 
 he could do as he pleased . 
 `` but niff has been working as my personal servant . 
 he-she-has been cooking for us . '' 
 `` i see you cut her hair . '' 
 kifirin was n't pleased about that . 
 `` some of the commons did that , '' garde huffed . 
 `` without my permission . '' 
 `` did you punish them ? '' 
 kifirin asked . 
 `` no . 
 i just told them not to put their hands on-her-again , unless i requested it . '' 
 `` your brother has upset the oracle , the larentii and the saa thalarr , '' kifirin said . 
 `` because he wanted to wait a year to put up a memorial to my lissa . '' 
 `` we may have made a mistake , '' garde lowered his eyes , afraid to admit his part in that decision . 
 `` it will not be the first high demon mistake , '' smoke curled from kifirin 's nostrils . 
 `` will you punish us for lendevik 's shortcomings ? '' 
 garde asked , raising his eyes to kifirin again . 
 `` you were all punished for lendevik 's blunders . 
 had the oracle not come and shown me a path away from your destruction , your planet would have fallen . 
 my mistake was in trusting lendevik and the high demons as a whole . 
 that will not be repeated . 
 i sacrificed my love in order for the high demons to live . '' 
 * * * `` yes , we now know how she is alive . '' 
 belen of the nameless ones had called kiarra and griffin to him . 
 `` and i admit ; neither i nor any of my kind had anything to do with it . 
 an unseen hand has performed this feat . 
 one we do not direct . '' 
 `` you ca n't tell us any more than that ? '' 
 griffin was an emotional wreck . 
 `` no , but it will be revealed in time , '' belen said gently . 
 `` i will tell you that at the present , she is very upset with both you and kifirin . 
 when kifirin found her , acting as a cook and personal servant to gardevik rath on the southern continent , she shouted at him and slapped him . 
 twice , i believe . '' 
 `` how else did you expect her to react ? '' 
 kiarra was standing , now , and angry . 
 `` none of these choices were hers . 
 i might have done worse than a couple of slaps . '' 
 kiarra was ready to fold away and belen did n't want her upset , too . 
 `` kiarra , please be patient with us , '' belen said . 
 `` the conditions that have been presented to me by those above my kind are such that she can not be taken back to the time she left . 
 she must stay in this time and go forward from here . 
 many things depend upon this , and it may be very difficult for her . 
 kiarra , i would like for you and some of the others to do your best to explain things to her . '' 
 `` what are we explaining ? 
 that she ca n't go back ? 
 that we rooted her out of her life for our convenience , and now friends and loved ones are long dead in the past , and we ca n't do anything about it ? '' 
 kiarra paced , vibrating with power and anger . 
 `` this is the time she would have been reborn , '' belen attempted to calm kiarra . 
 `` her life was given back to her without going through the rebirth . 
 you will all know why , eventually . '' 
 `` she would have been reborn this quickly ? '' 
 griffin was now interested . 
 `` yes . 
 i can not tell you more than that . 
 you must do your best to make amends with your daughter , and we send our apologies to amara ; we know how much she wanted to be a mother . 
 she will have to settle for being a stepmother . '' 
 `` lissa would have been born to us-to amara and me ? '' 
 griffin was having difficulty breathing . 
 `` yes . 
 it is better this way . '' 
 belen smiled . 
 `` make things right with her , oracle . '' 
 `` easier said than done , '' griffin grumbled . 
 `` trust will never come easy to her again ; you must deal with that , '' belen agreed . 
 `` why could n't we find lissa by looking ? '' 
 kiarra asked the question that bothered her most . 
 `` none can find her by looking . 
 none lesser than myself , anyway , '' belen replied . 
 `` go now . 
 you have much work to do . '' 
 * * * `` i called all of you here because most of you knew lissa , '' kiarra looked over the gathered saa thalarr and spawn hunters . 
 dragon had come , with karzac . 
 one of his mates , grace , was also there , although she 'd never met lissa . 
 she was co-first with dragon , and that position brought her to the meeting . 
 most of the others there had been vampire or werewolf and still retained vampire and werewolf abilities-those enhanced their capabilities as saa thalarr and spawn hunters . 
 wlodek was there . 
 as was radomir , will , russell , brock , stephan , charles , merrill , weldon harper , martin walters and his son , mack . 
 pheligar and adam chessman had also come . 
 they 'd both met lissa , although contact had been brief . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 merrill and adam both came to kiarra . 
 they , along with pheligar , were kiarra 's mates and had known of her meeting with belen of the nameless ones . 
 `` lissa has been found and she 's alive , '' kiarra sighed . 
 `` we do n't have an explanation ; belen only said that instead of allowing her to be reborn , somebody decided to give her life back to her now . 
 he said we 'll all know why in time . '' 
 `` she 's alive ? '' 
 charles was standing in kiarra 's kitchen , and now he grabbed a chair at the island and sat down . 
 he was a spawn hunter for the saa thalarr , but held a seat on the vampire council , and also worked as flavio 's chief of staff . 
 flavio was now head of the vampire council ; wlodek resigned when the invitation came to join the saa thalarr . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 wlodek asked . 
 `` on kifirin . 
 right now , kifirin is attempting to repair their relationship . 
 i 'm not holding any hope on that at the moment , '' kiarra said . 
 `` belen says she ca n't be found by looking-that none lesser than he can know where she is . 
 i have no idea what that means . '' 
 `` is she going to come back and act as queen again ? '' 
 merrill asked . 
 wlodek also wanted that question answered . 
 he and merrill were informed of lissa 's death three centuries before , and then the memories of her were removed from all of them . 
 it was as if she had n't existed , and that remained the same until kifirin was attacked . 
 the memories were returned to the saa thalarr and spawn hunters when lissa gave her life to save all of them . 
 `` does gavin remember her , now ? 
 or any of the others ? '' 
 radomir 's voice was quiet and thoughtful , his dark eyes searching kiarra 's face for answers . 
 he 'd cared more for lissa than any of them realized . 
 `` they do n't remember , '' kiarra sighed . 
 `` belen did give me these , though . '' 
 she held lissa 's engagement and wedding rings in her hand . 
 `` i have no idea what to do with them . '' 
 `` i will hold them for now , '' wlodek came forward and took the rings . 
 `` so , not only are some of her friends dead and gone ; the others do n't remember her ? 
 what kind of blow do you think that will be ? '' 
 russell observed . 
 he 'd leaned a hip against kiarra 's kitchen island , arms crossed over his wide chest . 
 `` perhaps it is an opportunity for her to start fresh with them and only accept the ones she wants without any past history , '' adam suggested . 
 `` after all , was n't gavin forced on her as a mate ? 
 is n't that what happened ? '' 
 he offered wlodek a pointed glance . 
 `` yes , '' wlodek nodded . 
 `` but she did love him , i think . 
 i will check with flavio and perhaps arrange a meeting-will lissa be brought to us ? 
 when will we see her ? 
 gavin and anthony are still employed by the council as assassins ; if she wishes to see them , i will convince flavio to bring them in . '' 
 `` i 'd ask her , first , '' merrill muttered dryly . 
 `` perhaps pheligar knows if lissa will be brought to us , '' kiarra said , turning to merrill . 
 he pulled her against him and kissed her forehead . 
 * * * gavin knocked the attacking vampire away with a vicious blow . 
 anthony was backing him up , but they 'd found four rogue vampires instead of two and now they were in a real fight . 
 gavin already had one down and turning to ash , now another of their adversaries was attacking . 
 these four that he and anthony had tracked were killing in the seattle area , and the murders had n't come to light until one of them had slipped , killing a relief worker among the indigent , homeless population instead of one of the homeless . 
 until that time , not many had noted the indigent were disappearing upon occasion . 
 tony sliced the head from one of his opponents , slipping in under his guard . 
 now , the odds were better . 
 gavin snarled and went after his target again . 
 * * * `` i wish we could go to a bar and get a beer , '' tony grumbled as he and gavin loaded into their hover rental afterward . 
 `` you may go to a bar and get a beer . 
 it will not have any effect unless you drink from a drunken patron , '' gavin pointed out . 
 `` thanks for the reminder . '' 
 tony slumped in his seat . 
 he was now three hundred thirty-seven years old , and gavin was nearing two thousand . 
 something seemed to be missing from both their lives , however , and tony could n't put a finger on it . 
 wlodek offered tony a position as assassin for the council when he 'd been barely six months old as a vampire . 
 tony continued his training with gavin as time allowed through the required five years , but he 'd been sent on many assignments alone , long before that time was up . 
 he and gavin only went out together now if they were hunting a pod of rogues . 
 rene 's wealth was also his-tony inherited when rene died . 
 he remembered little of rene 's death , and that troubled him . 
 the memory was hazy in his mind . 
 `` maybe it 's because it was so soon after i was turned , '' tony said aloud without meaning to . 
 `` what was so soon after your turning ? '' 
 gavin turned to tony , curious now . 
 `` rene 's death , '' tony said . 
 `` i only have vague memories of it . '' 
 `` it is the same for me ; that time is quite blurry in my memory , while all other memories are very clear , '' gavin agreed . 
 `` it was an emotional time for both of us . '' 
 `` do you ever feel as if something is missing from your life , gavin ? 
 something important ? '' 
 tony asked , looking out his window . 
 rain was falling in seattle , as it so often did . 
 gavin directed the hovercraft between buildings , turning toward their hotel . 
 `` yes . 
 i feel an emptiness at times . 
 perhaps it is because rene is missing from both our lives . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 tony was n't sure that was all of it , though . 
 `` what do you think about the new blood substitute ? '' 
 he changed the subject . 
 `` tasteless , just as the others were , but it does feed us . 
 that is all that is required , i suppose . '' 
 vampire scientists developed the substitute more than one hundred fifty years before and the vampire community was dependent on it for sustenance . 
 improvements had been made , but it still came no closer to actual blood . 
 seldom did they get real blood , and getting blood directly from donors was no longer acceptable unless it was an emergency . 
 gavin snorted . 
 gavin was one of the oldest now ; he 'd been turned in an era when taking from donors was the only option . 
 `` call charles and let him know our hunt was successful , '' gavin ordered . 
 tony pulled out his tiny communicator . 
 `` recording the information , '' charles informed tony from the other end , tapping the button on his personal communicator to insert the information into flavio 's computer . 
 `` anthony , does the name lissa mean anything to you ? '' 
 charles asked while he and tony waited for the transmission . 
 `` lissa ? 
 who is that ? '' 
 tony asked , curious . 
 `` nobody . 
 i was wondering if you 'd ever met anyone with that name . '' 
 charles had the answer to his question , now . 
 `` not that i recall . 
 gavin is shaking his head , too , '' tony passed off the additional information ; gavin was listening in . 
 `` transmission done , '' charles said . 
 tiny cameras , attached to every enforcer 's clothing , made recording data so much easier . 
 the microscopic devices were incorporated into clothing in ingenious ways ; front , back , high and low , and were difficult to detect . 
 cleaning the clothing failed to harm them , they were built so efficiently . 
 the cameras were also quite expensive ; therefore , the council provided them and had them installed . 
 enforcers and assassins faced a heavy fine if they hunted their quarry without the appropriate clothing , unless it was an emergency . 
 charles terminated the communication and went to report the successful hunt to flavio . 
 * * * `` and just where do you intend to take me ? '' 
 i jerked my arm from kifirin 's grasp . 
 he was attempting to persuade me to come away with him , rather than traveling with the high demons and the comesuli . 
 honestly , i would n't mind getting away from the comesuli . 
 they were following me now wherever i went , breth included , many with pure adoration in their eyes . 
 breth was n't high on my good list right then . 
 my hair still looked like a mess , although kifirin offered to use his power to grow it out again . 
 i 'd refused . 
 kifirin brought in clothing for me , though , that actually fit . 
 at least he had n't brought dresses or skirts ; we were still traveling over ash and with the rains on the southern continent , it was hardening and causing problems . 
 `` away from here , '' kifirin replied to my question . 
 i was getting on his nerves and he was certainly on mine . 
 of course , he 'd already been there before he 'd shown up out of the blue . 
 `` you made this mess , '' i grumbled . 
 `` i thought my mate was dead . '' 
 `` yeah , well , whose fault is that ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` avilepha , i am no good at apologies . 
 i have never made them , '' kifirin explained . 
 i almost felt sorry for him . 
 `` maybe you should have thought about that before sticking your teeth in my neck , '' i smacked his chest . 
 we were having our latest argument in the middle of camp . 
 gardevik had already gotten his food and was eating with larevik and the others . 
 well , the high demons did n't have television , so they were settling for the latest episode of lissa is pissed at kifirin . 
 `` lissa my love , i was attempting to save all the worlds , not just this one , '' kifirin said . 
 `` they would all have fallen if this one fell . 
 did i realize how much pain it would cause me ? 
 no . 
 nor the pain it has caused you . 
 it was my hope that i could find you in your next life and make things as easy for you as i could . 
 my arms are empty and my heart will be empty as well if you reject me . '' 
 `` are you saying you do n't deserve those things ? 
 where were you before , kifirin ? 
 hanging out with dear old dad ? '' 
 i wanted to growl at him . 
 every high demon and most of the comesuli were leaning forward to catch kifirin 's next words . 
 `` i was sleeping . '' 
 kifirin sounded sad . 
 `` kifirin , i ca n't do this anymore , '' i tossed up a hand in a helpless gesture . 
 `` do i love you ? 
 probably . 
 do i expect you to hurt me again ? 
 yes . 
 i do n't trust you . 
 you did n't tell me anything , did you ? 
 how can i trust that ? 
 why am i alive now , kifirin ? 
 can you explain that , please ? '' 
 i turned away from him . 
 the high demons had now stopped eating , content to watch the soap opera unfolding before them . 
 `` lissa , you are killing us both . '' 
 kifirin 's arms were around me , and he was breathing warm air against my neck . 
 we were n't in the camp any longer . 
 `` i know i hurt you . 
 i know i was instrumental in your death . 
 i felt you die , love . 
 that 's what truly woke me . 
 the dragon 's teeth require blood . 
 other blood was offered , but yours was what brought me out of my long sleep . 
 you willingly sacrificed yourself in the end . 
 tell me you did n't know what you were doing . 
 tell me you did n't give your life freely , making your own decision that very last time . 
 you could have backed away , yet you did not . 
 you saw the opportunity to leave the copper ra'ak leaderless and fighting among themselves for control . 
 that would give the others a chance to win the battle and save this world , as well as all other worlds . '' 
 `` you know that 's not why i 'm angry now , do n't you ? '' 
 i tried to get away from him . 
 `` shhh , avilepha , '' kifirin kissed the back of my neck gently . 
 `` i was sleeping when you were birthed . 
 i can not go back and change any of that for you . 
 what would you have done , love , if i told you that you were created to save the worlds ? 
 it would have frightened you . 
 and overshadowed any happiness you might have had afterward . 
 tell me this is not so . '' 
 `` what happiness ? '' 
 i snapped , struggling against him . 
 he was n't letting me go . 
 yeah , i was n't a long-suffering heroine . 
 far from it . 
 nobody would be singing my praises in any paperback novel , that 's for sure . 
 `` you have the opportunity now , love , '' kifirin murmured against my throat . 
 `` take it . 
 use me . 
 use your father . 
 he would welcome the chance to make things up to you . 
 ask us for anything you want and if we can get it for you , it will be yours . '' 
 `` i do n't want things , '' i muttered , tears beginning to fall . 
 `` i just want somebody i can trust . 
 somebody who does n't want to use me as a means to an end . 
 i want to make up my own mind instead of having somebody telling me what i can do or where i can go , or with whom . '' 
 kifirin let me go then and i walked a short distance away from him , keeping my back to him as i wiped tears away . 
 `` your father and i will do our best to win your trust from this point forward , '' kifirin said softly . 
 `` we thought we were saving the universes , little mate . 
 we did n't . 
 our lissa did it for us . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 just send your kid out to take the hit . 
 griffin has never been a parent to me . 
 he just showed up one day , announcing he was my dear old dad , missing in action all those years . 
 he was only waiting for the right moment to snatch me away and toss me in front of an army of ra'ak , knowing i 'd do the right thing . 
 does that sound about right ? 
 would you treat your child like that , kifirin ? 
 would you ? '' 
 `` avilepha , it is over . '' 
 kifirin 's beautiful face held agony-for both of us . 
 `` i know this pain is in you and it will be next to impossible to set it aside . 
 please try . 
 for your own happiness , if not ours . '' 
 i looked around me , then , still wiping tears off my cheeks and seeing my surroundings with blurred vision . 
 we stood in a high mountain meadow , and it was lovely there . 
 snowcapped peaks surrounded us , while tiny white flowers and long-stemmed grasses bloomed and grew at our feet . 
 i had no way to tell where we were and i was n't about to ask . 
 `` so now what , kifirin ? '' 
 i asked , turning toward him . 
 `` you want me to go back and be gardevik 's cook for the rest of my life ? '' 
 i flung up both arms hopelessly . 
 `` wait on the f ** king high demons like a common servant ? 
 is that what my life is going to be ? 
 i save their ass and they still expect me to cook ? '' 
 `` you do not have to cook again unless that is your desire . 
 if you wish for the high demons to bow to you , then i will command it . '' 
 kifirin was the god now , standing in a high meadow , his face stern and full of power . 
 `` you know i do n't want that . 
 i just want someplace to go where i can be left alone , '' i muttered . 
 `` i 'm tired , kifirin . '' 
 i looked up at him ; he 'd come to stand before me . 
 `` just tired . 
 i still look like death warmed over and my haircut does n't help . '' 
 `` you are depressed . '' 
 he lifted fingers to my face . 
 when i did n't pull away from his touch , he reached down and lifted me up , encouraging me to wrap my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck . 
 his hand was gentle as he rubbed light circles on my back while i clung to him . 
 `` i am here , avilepha . 
 for you . '' 
 we were still connected-kifirin and i . 
 he was giving me mental words of love while he kissed me and the grass was soft beneath my back when he made my clothing disappear . 
 my little love , you are so thin , his inner voice sounded sad . 
 have they starved you ? 
 i will never let that happen again . 
 he ran his hands through my hair and it grew in his fingers . 
 he kissed tears away , murmuring tender words . 
 his lovemaking was passionate and gentle at the same time , as if he were afraid he might hurt me . 
 yes , i 'd made love before while i wept , and i was doing it then , too . 
 * * * `` i desire to keep her safe while i tend to things , '' kifirin said later . 
 he 'd appeared inside merrill 's study , a sleeping lissa in his arms . 
 she was dressed again , as was he , but he 'd placed a healing sleep after he 'd loved her . 
 `` do not confine her ; that will be too much . 
 provide companions or guards if you can and i will return soon . '' 
 merrill was shocked-not only to see kifirin , but to find lissa in his arms . 
 so much time had passed since she 'd been inside his home . 
 he rarely stayed there now ; he had a place at gryphon hall , adam chessman 's old family home , where kiarra and adam were and pheligar came upon occasion . 
 he used his old study for business-to find some time alone , here and there . 
 griffin and amara stayed at merrill 's old manor now . 
 `` she wo n't want to stay ; griffin is here , '' merrill whispered as if he were afraid she might wake . 
 `` he will have to make his own peace with her , '' kifirin said softly . 
 `` she is very angry with him . 
 she does not understand why or how a father could sacrifice his child . '' 
 `` i do n't understand it either . '' 
 merrill accepted lissa 's sleeping body into his arms . 
 `` i will take her to grace and dragon and the others . 
 radomir is there , as is karzac , so there are three she knows in that house . 
 perhaps they can help her somehow . 
 we wo n't ask anything of her that she is n't prepared to give . '' 
 `` if she needs funds or anything else , i will reimburse you for whatever you spend , '' kifirin said , stroking lissa 's cheek . 
 `` she is so pale and thin . 
 i beg you to do something about that , too . '' 
 `` she will never want for money , '' merrill huffed . 
 `` wlodek and i kept her assets before ; he could n't bear to take anything else from her , although we thought her dead . 
 the investments were placed in my name when we forgot about her all those years . 
 the accounts sat there , gathering interest . 
 i invested it as well as i could , too . 
 she will not have need for anything else . '' 
 `` tell her i will return before long . 
 i have much work to do . '' 
 kifirin disappeared . 
 `` lissa , i want griffin to see you while you 're sleeping , '' merrill leaned in and kissed her forehead . 
 `` i am sorry for so many things , little girl . '' 
 merrill sent mindspeech , and griffin and amara both appeared in seconds . 
 `` careful , '' merrill handed her to griffin , who had tears in his eyes . 
 `` she 's quite frail , '' merrill went on as griffin cradled lissa in his arms . 
 `` this is our baby , '' griffin smiled sadly at amara . 
 `` she would have been born to us , if they had n't decided to do this . '' 
 `` why did n't they let her be reborn ? '' 
 amara wanted to weep over the way things were . 
 `` she would n't have hated us then . '' 
 `` this is our punishment , '' griffin sighed . 
 `` she 's beautiful , is n't she ? '' 
 `` i want to take her to dragon 's ; grace and devin can help take care of her , '' merrill said . 
 dragon , grace and the others had a sprawling villa less than a mile away . 
 grace and devin shared eleven mates between them , as females among the saa thalarr were rare . 
 not as rare as female vampires , but rare all the same . 
 `` we 'll go with you . '' 
 griffin nodded at merrill . 
 `` i want karzac to take a look-she does n't weigh anything and she looks so pale . 
 what did they do to her ? '' 
 `` no idea , '' merrill shrugged . 
 `` let 's see what we can do for her while she 's asleep . '' 
 chapter 6 `` i 'll set up a transfusion . '' 
 those were karzac 's first words after he 'd silently examined lissa . 
 `` the vampire is still alive in her and the blood may help . 
 it 's possible they gave her fluids only for days and did n't feed her . 
 the common demons do n't have anything in the way of feeding tubes , and have no updated training . 
 if they found her unconscious , they could n't have done much for her . '' 
 `` i 'll donate , '' merrill rolled up a sleeve . 
 `` let me get jeff , then , '' karzac sent mindspeech to one of merrill 's twin sons . 
 jeff , the oldest of merrill 's twins , had trained as a physician and worked in that capacity for a very long time . 
 he was also a healer for the saa thalarr . 
 `` dad , you want me to take your blood ? '' 
 jeff grinned at merrill when he folded in . 
 jeff was the only vampire who 'd been born vampire , and looked much like his father . 
 his fraternal twin , franklin , was n't vampire , although he also was a healer and resembled merrill more than jeff . 
 `` son , get your tubes and bags out , or i 'll take yours , '' merrill grumped . 
 jeff knew his father was teasing . 
 griffin sat on the edge of the bed ; amara huddled against him as they watched karzac and jeff set up the iv to give lissa merrill 's blood . 
 dragon came in during the procedure-karzac sent mindspeech and he 'd folded in from falchan . 
 `` do we need to get our warrior queen some leathers ? '' 
 dragon peered over merrill 's shoulder as lissa was given merrill 's blood . 
 `` wait until she gains weight back , '' merrill said . 
 he was sipping a cup of coffee , though jeff had told him to eat something after donating blood . 
 merrill had a coffee addiction and was n't happy unless he had several cups a day . 
 * * * `` i 'm only taking the iv out . '' 
 the voice and scent were familiar , but i could n't connect them to where i 'd been when i 'd gone to sleep . 
 i unglued my eyes and stared up at karzac . 
 he held my right hand in one of his , removing an iv , just as he said . 
 `` that 's great , honey , '' i said . 
 `` do you want to tell me why the f ** k i have an iv to start with ? '' 
 `` malnourishment , '' karzac muttered , pulling the iv out and placing healing light around the wound . 
 `` there , all healed up , '' he gave my hand back to me . 
 `` and i still expect you to come to dinner tonight . 
 if i understood mike and jamie correctly , we 're having pot roast . 
 it 's kiarra 's recipe and very good . '' 
 karzac looked much as he had the last time i 'd seen him-three hundred years in the past . 
 same green-gold eyes , same brown hair that looked a bit rumpled , same slight frown as he visually examined me . 
 yeah-i knew i was as thin as a stick . 
 i did n't know what to do about it , though . 
 `` who are mike and jamie and where am i , karzac ? '' 
 i was rubbing my forehead ; a headache threatened . 
 `` we will not allow that , '' karzac 's fingers were cool and careful on my forehead , kneading away the ache . 
 `` little vampire , i want you to find a way to put the incident upon kifirin behind you . 
 we want you to be happy instead of dwelling on that tragedy . 
 you have been given back to us and that is an amazing gift . 
 friends are waiting here , if you want them . 
 and a home also , if you desire it . 
 you are at our home outside london , lissa , and mike and jamie are our cook and housekeeper . 
 merrill tells me kifirin brought you to him so we could set you to rights again . 
 kifirin also said he would return when he finished some work or other . '' 
 `` merrill , '' i grumbled , raising my knees . 
 `` he so conveniently forgot to tell me about greg . 
 and now he 's one of the saa thalarr , is n't he ? 
 how does that work ? '' 
 i sat up in bed , leaning my forehead on my knees . 
 i was n't sure how i knew merrill was saa thalarr-i just did . 
 `` lissa , he has fretted over that , i know . 
 we all have regrets , and that is one of his . 
 wlodek 's too , as he is one of us . 
 you will recognize many saa thalarr ; you knew them before , '' karzac sighed softly . 
 `` radomir is here , with russell , will and charles . 
 weldon harper came to us , as did martin walters . 
 brock and stephan are here and mated . 
 merrill 's last two vampire children are here-joey is a healer and kyle is saa thalarr and mated to selkirk of grey house ; also a healer , by the way . '' 
 `` someone mentioned grey house to me once , '' i raised my head and looked at karzac . 
 `` he said the grey house wizards were the strongest and most talented of their kind . '' 
 `` he was correct . 
 who told you that ? '' 
 a smile tugged at karzac 's mouth . 
 `` someone named erland morphis , '' i said . 
 `` i only met him for a few minutes . '' 
 i did n't explain to karzac that i 'd met him forty years in the future , when kifirin had taken me to the high demons ' planet . 
 kifirin had known then i was going to die , and he had n't said anything . 
 i wanted to cry again . 
 whoever had kept me from dying probably should n't have . 
 `` we know erland , '' karzac nodded slightly , winding up the iv line and taking the empty blood bag off the pole beside the bed . 
 he did something with power-the whole thing disappeared from his hand . 
 i found myself wishing i could do that . 
 `` you can do many things we can not even attempt , '' karzac read my mind . 
 `` karzac , what am i going to do ? '' 
 i rubbed my forehead . 
 `` three hundred years are gone . 
 i do n't fit in , anymore . 
 i do n't belong here . '' 
 `` lissa , '' karzac took my hand and patted it , his eyes filled with concern , `` we 'll help . 
 my mates and i will do everything we can . '' 
 `` mates ? '' 
 i turned to karzac . 
 his green-gold eyes held a far-away look . 
 `` many things are different now , '' he admitted , rubbing my hand with a thumb . 
 `` while multiple mates have always been recognized by the saa thalarr and by the reth alliance , those laws have changed on earth in the past century . 
 it is now legal to have multiple husbands or wives , and in some countries , group marriages are also legal and accepted . '' 
 `` you said mates , '' i pointed out . 
 he smiled crookedly . 
 `` grace and devin , '' he agreed . 
 `` they share eleven husbands in a blended group . 
 dragon , dragon 's twin , crane , and i are members of that group . 
 radomir , too-you know him-is also one of the eleven . 
 please tell me you do not find this repugnant . '' 
 karzac sounded embarrassed , which was unusual for him . 
 he worried that i 'd judge him , somehow . 
 `` karzac , '' i pulled my hand away and patted his arm , `` if you 're happy , i 'm happy . 
 and as long as everybody involved is a sane , consenting adult , well , more power to you , i guess . '' 
 `` that is what the earth law states-that all participants must be of legal age and sign an agreement that they understand the complexity of the situation , '' karzac nodded . 
 `` of course , on earth , it is still tradition for men to marry multiple wives , but many powerful women have more than one husband . 
 come to dinner now ; i am receiving mindspeech that it is ready and the others are waiting for us , '' he smiled . 
 `` i will introduce you to both my mates-they are eager to meet you . 
 some of the eleven are away at the moment , so you will not see all of them at once . '' 
 karzac rose and helped me off the bed . 
 `` pot roast , huh ? '' 
 i had n't had pot roast in a long time . 
 i hoped it was as good as i remembered it as i followed karzac downstairs and through a warren of hallways toward the kitchen . 
 the moment i entered the spacious kitchen , i realized i did n't need my eyes to recognize several seated around the granite island . 
 `` radomir , '' i nodded at him . 
 he was grinning at me like a fool , and i 'd barely seen him so much as smile before . 
 he looked more relaxed than when i 'd seen him last-same dark hair and eyes and same handsome face , but there was something intangible about him that told me he was truly happy . 
 maybe being saa thalarr agreed with him . 
 `` you 're adam chessman 's son , justin , '' i nodded to a tall man with sandy blond hair . 
 `` and you 're martin walters , jr. '' i nodded to the dark-haired , dark-eyed man sitting beside justin . 
 both of them stared at me in surprise . 
 `` she knows by the scent , '' dragon helped himself to food . 
 dragon 's twin brother crane sat next to him . 
 both looked eerily alike , but their scents were slightly different . 
 dragon said their tattoos were different too , but those were covered by long-sleeved shirts at the moment . 
 dragon lifted his head and offered a cheeky grin before going back to his plate . 
 `` you must be crane , '' i nodded to dragon 's brother . 
 `` dragon told me about you . '' 
 he smiled politely at me . 
 there were others around the table and karzac made introductions while he settled me on a stool at the granite-topped island . 
 `` this is devin , '' he introduced me to one of the women . 
 her red hair was a shade or two darker than mine . 
 i drew in a breath-she had elemaiyan blood . 
 i did n't say anything as she smiled and greeted me . 
 `` this is grace , '' karzac identified the other woman at the table . 
 she had honey blonde hair and also smiled at me . 
 both were beautiful , no doubt about that . 
 `` it 's very nice to meet all of you and i did n't mean to hold up dinner . 
 please , do n't mind me , '' i made a gesture with my hands . 
 `` how do you know me ? '' 
 martin walters , jr. spoke while buttering a roll . 
 `` they call me mack , by the way . '' 
 `` i remember that now , '' i said . 
 `` i met you when you were two years old . 
 i already knew your dad ; he brought you and your sister to a wedding . 
 weldon harper 's son , daryl , was getting married to kathy jo green in north dakota . 
 i got to hold you . '' 
 `` they invited a vampire to a werewolf wedding ? '' 
 justin asked . 
 `` i was entitled , since i saved weldon 's ass earlier and he made me a member of the pack afterward . 
 who knows , maybe my paperwork is still there , somewhere-it did say living or dead . '' 
 `` may i join you ? '' 
 a larentii folded in and it was n't pheligar . 
 he 'd been the only larentii i 'd seen up until now . 
 this one looked a bit like pheligar-the hair and eye color was the same . 
 and i knew he was related to pheligar by his scent . 
 `` i 'd love for you to join us-you smell like pheligar , '' i said . 
 `` and i loved looking at his blue skin ; it made me think of the sky when i could n't see the sky . 
 except at night . '' 
 `` i am pheligar 's son , renegar , '' he smiled at me . 
 `` my mother is kiarra . '' 
 renegar was as tall as his father-eight and a half feet . 
 that was some accomplishment for kiarra if she gave birth to a larentii . 
 `` giving birth to a larentii is quite an accomplishment , '' renegar 's smile widened . 
 `` grace and i have a child . 
 his name is graegar . '' 
 well , i was discovering that one of grace and devin 's eleven mates was larentii . 
 i wanted to smile or stand up and cheer or something . 
 `` that 's a nice name , '' i said instead . 
 `` how old is graegar ? '' 
 `` he was taken back in time ; therefore he is three hundred , now . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you 're going to have to be careful around me because i want to pester you with so many questions , '' i said . 
 `` i just want to warn you in advance . '' 
 `` lissa , you are talking and not eating , '' karzac observed . 
 `` are we going to go a round or two ? '' 
 i pointed my fork at him . 
 `` lissa is n't afraid of karzac , '' dragon chuckled . 
 `` is lissa afraid of anything ? 
 i saw those ra'ak exploding , '' justin said . 
 `` i had no idea what was causing that . '' 
 `` i was misting inside their heads , '' i said , cutting into my pot roast -lrb- karzac was watching -rrb- . 
 `` i blew my mist out , causing them to explode . 
 not a big deal . '' 
 i placed a bite of pot roast in my mouth and chewed . 
 it was very good and the gravy was excellent . 
 `` but when i got to that last one , i was exhausted , '' i explained . 
 `` i knew if i did one more , i would n't have enough energy to pull my mist together again . 
 that last one was the granddaddy of all of them . 
 he was huge . 
 i made the decision and went to get him . 
 i do n't remember anything past that until i came back to myself , standing in the arboretum in the high demons ' palace . 
 everybody thought i was a brain-damaged comesula . '' 
 `` when lissa recovers , brother , you should teach her bladework , '' dragon told his brother , crane . 
 `` i do n't need , '' i did n't get to finish my sentence , dragon interrupted . 
 `` just see whether she has any raw talent . '' 
 dragon smirked . 
 do n't make me kick your ass , i sent to him . 
 he ducked his head to hide the smile . 
 `` we 'll take you shopping tomorrow , '' devin announced . 
 `` you do n't have any clothing , and several people are already asking if they can come along . 
 the styles now are similar to those popular in the 1930s . 
 jeans are back in , too . 
 i hope you like what 's available . '' 
 i nodded . 
 shopping was probably a good idea , since i had nothing in the way of clothing or possessions . 
 `` radomir , how 's wlodek ? '' 
 i asked casually . 
 `` is flavio still around ? 
 what about gavin ? '' 
 gavin was the one i wanted to know about . 
 nobody had mentioned his name and i was worried . 
 my heart thumped with fear as i waited for an answer . 
 radomir looked uncomfortable for a moment . 
 `` father is fine and wants to come see you very soon , as do will , russell , martin walters and weldon . 
 they are all part of the saa thalarr . 
 flavio is now head of the council , and-he does not remember you . '' 
 that admission came out in an embarrassed rush . 
 `` neither do gavin , anthony hancock or any of the other vampires . 
 something took our memories of you , shortly after your demise . 
 the ones who became saa thalarr remembered when we saw the ra'ak dying by the hundreds , but not until then . 
 the others have no memories at all . '' 
 `` fuck , '' i muttered , dropping my fork . 
 i 'd just lost my appetite . 
 `` if you 'll excuse me , '' i stood up from my seat . 
 i wanted to cry . 
 or scream and cry . 
 `` lissa , please sit down and finish your meal , i beg you . '' 
 karzac was begging , and that was something he probably did n't do often . 
 i figured he was used to being obeyed for some reason , as the autocratic and curmudgeonly physician that he was . 
 i felt cold and shivered . 
 i was also close to tears as i sat down again , staring at my plate . 
 i felt ill , on top of everything else . 
 karzac rose from his seat . 
 `` keep your seat , i will deal with this , '' renegar informed karzac . 
 he rose from his seat and came to stand beside me , placing fingers on my face and forehead . 
 `` just relax , little one , things will work out , '' he said gently as light formed around his hands . 
 a tear slipped out anyway , and dripped along one of his fingers as he attempted to fix me somehow . 
 `` what is the difficulty ? '' 
 two more larentii folded in and i looked up at them while a couple more tears came . 
 `` pain and betrayal , '' renegar said and lifted me from my seat . 
 `` this is graegar , my son , and his protector , barrigar , '' renegar handed me to his son . 
 `` why do you need a protector ? '' 
 i wiped tears off my cheeks as i gazed into graegar 's face . 
 he certainly resembled his father and grandfather . 
 and it was n't embarrassing or anything to be crying in front of everybody there , including more larentii . 
 `` i am a wise one , '' graegar smiled . 
 `` uh-huh , '' i sniffled . 
 `` i thought all larentii were wise . '' 
 `` they are , but wise ones are special . 
 like vampire queens , '' graegar replied . 
 `` something very rare and very precious . '' 
 `` i do n't feel rare and precious . 
 i feel like crap , '' i muttered . 
 `` who took the memories away so nobody would remember me ? '' 
 i still wanted to cry and felt awful about that . 
 this was just one more blow on top of the other blows . 
 `` i do not have that specific knowledge , '' graegar said . 
 `` grandfather may know . 
 we will attempt to find this out for you . 
 the knowledge may upset you , should we find it . '' 
 `` how much more upset do you think i can get ? '' 
 i mumbled . 
 i was still trying to clean up my face but the tears would n't stop ; graegar was n't setting me down and everybody around the island was staring . 
 `` she thinks her mate will not love her if he sees her again , '' barrigar said softly , his voice a low , calming baritone . 
 he was taller than renegar and graegar by a good six inches , and he had n't spoken until then . 
 he 'd hit the nail on the head , though , and i misted out of graegar 's arms . 
 i do n't know whether he had n't expected me to do that or not , and just had n't done anything to stop it . 
 where do you go when you do n't know where the hell you are , or when , even ? 
 i misted to the top of the huge villa ; i 'd gone straight up and through the second story to the roof . 
 that 's where i sat , wiping tears off my cheeks as the sobs came . 
 gavin did n't remember me . 
 for him , i 'd never existed . 
 what a nice payback for saving people . 
 kifirin told me that had the high demons ' world fallen , all the others would have followed . 
 it was the balance , he 'd explained , for all the worlds . 
 i 'd saved the balance . 
 now , there was n't anybody for me to share memories with , because none of them had any memories to share . 
 my knees were up to my chest and i was shaking as i wept . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 there was n't a soul out there i trusted ; nobody i felt comfortable going to for help or reassurance . 
 it was as if everything had been taken from me when my life ended . 
 only somebody , somewhere , had decided that was n't the end of lissa-it was just the end of lissa for everybody else . 
 if i 'd known who was responsible for all this , i would have gone straight to them and given them hell for putting me through it . 
 * * * `` i exerted power and it had no effect , '' graegar was staring in confusion at his father and his protector . 
 dragon and grace , co-firsts among the saa thalarr , were also very concerned . 
 if the larentii held no power over lissa and none could find her by looking , could anyone control her and what had she become ? 
 `` lissa will not harm anyone except those who deserve it , '' karzac growled . 
 he imagined finding lissa would be easy enough ; the roof was her refuge , as often as not . 
 `` she 's probably on the roof , '' he sighed aloud . 
 `` although i can not decide whether it would be a good thing to disturb her or not . 
 the news that none from her past remember her was a cruel blow . '' 
 `` i should n't have said anything , '' radomir rumbled . 
 `` she 'd find out eventually , '' devin hugged her vampire mate . 
 `` it could have waited until she was better prepared , '' radomir said . 
 `` she was always afraid to say things around me , because she was frightened that i carried everything she said straight to wlodek . '' 
 `` she was the same with me . '' 
 charles folded in and sat down at the island . 
 devin pulled a plate to the table , causing it to slide in front of charles . 
 flatware and a glass followed . 
 `` i always wanted her to tell me how she was feeling-i do n't think wlodek would have asked me personal questions unless it was important . 
 she never cracked , though . 
 i tried to be her friend , but she was too afraid to have any friends . '' 
 charles helped himself to pot roast . 
 `` father made a mistake , not telling her about greg . '' 
 radomir picked up his plate and carried it to the sink . 
 `` who is greg ? '' 
 justin asked . 
 `` greg was franklin 's mate , years ago , '' charles said . 
 `` he died of pneumonia-a complication of the cancer he had . 
 lissa loved franklin and greg if she ever loved anybody . 
 neither wlodek nor merrill informed her of greg 's hospitalization or death . 
 they left her in the u.s. because she was trying to track xenides and some of his followers . 
 he 'd turned many dark elemaiya who were shapeshifters , mindspeakers and misters , and he intended to destroy everything , with their help and the help of others . 
 lissa stopped all that . 
 she was the one who captured rahim alif . 
 not the fbi or homeland security , as everyone claimed . '' 
 charles dipped into his food . 
 he loved to eat and seldom had blood now , though the vampire side of him was still intact . 
 `` the terrorist ? 
 that rahim alif ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 `` yes . 
 lissa captured him-recognized him by his scent . 
 you wo n't ever fool lissa ; she never forgets what you smell like . 
 she scents your blood , somehow . '' 
 `` yeah , we got that already , '' mack said . 
 `` she remembered both of us because she saw us when we were little . '' 
 he pointed between himself and justin . 
 `` where is she now ? '' 
 charles asked . 
 `` probably on the roof , '' karzac tossed his napkin on the island . 
 the larentii had sat down at the island after enlarging the seats to fit their height and were listening to the conversation . 
 `` she always liked to get on the roof , '' charles agreed . 
 `` used to sit on merrill 's roof all the time . '' 
 `` i 'm going to the roof to find her , '' karzac said . 
 `` i 'll come with you , '' charles picked up his plate and glass of wine . 
 `` i will come , '' radomir said . 
 all three of them folded to the roof . 
 * * * if i thought i was going to be alone to cry my eyes out , i was proven wrong after ten minutes . 
 `` lissa , want something to eat ? '' 
 charles plopped down beside me and held out a forkful of pot roast . 
 `` i 'm not hungry . '' 
 i wiped my eyes on a sleeve . 
 no doubt , i looked like crap , but charles was ignoring that . 
 `` it 's nice to see you , charles . '' 
 i would have hugged him , but he was eating . 
 `` lissa , you are underweight right now . 
 are you going to force me to stand over you at mealtimes ? '' 
 karzac sat down on my other side . 
 `` that would n't be uncomfortable or anything , '' i mumbled against my knees . 
 i 'd let my forehead drop to the tops of my knees so charles , karzac and radomir would n't see my blotchy face . 
 radomir had come , too and settled down next to charles . 
 `` we can make arrangements for you to meet with flavio , gavin and anthony , '' radomir offered . 
 `` just to see whether your presence sparks a memory in them . '' 
 `` and if it does n't ? 
 that sounds like the most awkward thing ever . '' 
 i was depressed and could n't shake it off . 
 i was n't prepared for gavin 's stone face if he did n't remember me or our time together . 
 `` we can meet in flavio 's study-he took wlodek 's manor after my sire gave up his position as head of the council . 
 he had no need of it after coming to the saa thalarr . 
 i can convince flavio to bring gavin and anthony in , and i can ask some of the others to come-those who are now saa thalarr , '' radomir offered , his dark eyes concerned . 
 he wanted me to agree . 
 i felt uncomfortable about the whole thing . 
 `` gavin and anthony still remember all of those who became saa thalarr , '' charles grinned . 
 `` they just do n't know about flavio and me . 
 flavio helped the saa thalarr in the past , so he was given blood as payment . 
 he walks in daylight , now . 
 he can fold space too , but only on earth-he is n't allowed to go off-planet . 
 i 'm a spawn hunter for the saa thalarr , but that does n't interfere with my duties as flavio 's chief of staff . '' 
 `` this may work , lissa-we can introduce you to gavin and anthony as a friend and if nothing happens , then we 'll know for certain , '' radomir sighed . 
 `` and it wo n't be disappointing in the least when they do n't recognize me , '' i muttered . 
 `` i 'm not sure i can handle that . '' 
 `` lissa , you 'll want to know , eventually . 
 and this will be your chance to make a decision-on whether you want gavin back in your life . 
 come , this could work . 
 and even if they do not recognize you , at least you can build a relationship with them if that is what you want . '' 
 karzac rubbed my back gently . 
 `` fine , '' i huffed . 
 `` i 'll set it up for tomorrow night , '' radomir said . 
 `` i know flavio is n't doing anything other than slavedriving , and gavin and tony recently returned from the states . '' 
 `` no pressure , '' i sighed . 
 karzac , charles and radomir eventually convinced me to go back to the kitchen . 
 my plate was still sitting at the island and someone had used power to keep it warm for me . 
 karzac sat with me , chatting while i ate as much as i could . 
 charles and radomir had gone off to visit flavio to set up the gathering they planned . 
 karzac told me all about current events on refizan . 
 `` do you ever hear any news of gabron ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was too stuffed to eat another bite , and my plate was still half-full . 
 `` no , but the vampires there continue to retain their secrecy . 
 we can search him out soon if that is what you want . '' 
 `` i 'll think about it , but he may have forgotten about me , too , '' i said . 
 yeah , i was depressed . 
 while we sat there , two men folded into the kitchen . 
 they startled me and my heart began to pound in my chest at the sight of them . 
 karzac had his hands on me quickly , regulating my heartbeat , somehow . 
 `` anything left for us ? '' 
 one of the two said when things calmed down after a few moments . 
 i knew the scent-these two were dragon 's twin sons and devin was their mother . 
 they had the signature asian look about them , along with very long , very black braids hanging down their backs . 
 they were dressed in what looked like ski outfits and the long skis and ski poles in their hands were n't a giveaway , either . 
 tinted goggles were pushed back on both foreheads ; they were identical in looks but i could tell the scents were different . 
 just their appearance made me smile , once my heart was back to normal . 
 `` you 're dragon 's , '' i said . 
 `` nah , crane 's , '' one of them grinned crookedly at me . 
 `` do not attempt to tease lissa , drew , she knows better , '' karzac informed the one who 'd spoken . 
 `` lissa , this is drew , '' karzac indicated one of the twins , `` and this is drake , '' he nodded toward the other . 
 `` nice to meet you , '' i said . 
 `` i was n't aware that dragon had children . '' 
 `` you need to meet our older brother , dragon taylor , then , '' drake grinned . 
 `` grace is his mother . '' 
 `` grace had quadruplets , '' karzac sighed . 
 `` one child for each of her humanoid mates at the time . '' 
 that caused my eyes to pop . 
 `` you 're kidding ? 
 that can happen ? '' 
 `` not normally , '' drew flopped onto a chair at the island . 
 `` are you going to finish that ? '' 
 he nodded toward my half-empty plate . 
 `` it 's yours if you want it , '' i said , pushing the plate toward him . 
 he dug right in . 
 i slid my glass of wine over , too , and he accepted it with a muffled thanks ; he was already eating . 
 `` hey , is there any left for me ? '' 
 drake sat down next to his brother . 
 `` i 'll check , '' i said and went to the huge bank of refrigerators in the kitchen . 
 i found leftover pot roast and vegetables , heating it in what karzac called a zap oven . 
 drake started eating as soon as he got his plate , and i filled a wineglass for him and topped off drew 's glass . 
 `` karzac , do you want tea ? '' 
 `` karzac only likes his tea a certain way , '' drew said , winking at me . 
 karzac surprised him greatly . 
 `` lissa made tea for me long before you were even a thought , '' karzac snipped . 
 i made tea for karzac , just the way he liked it . 
 i remembered ; vampires have good memories . 
 he sipped from his cup while i sat next to him again . 
 `` so , who are you ? '' 
 drake asked . 
 he was about to scrape up the last of his mashed potatoes and gravy . 
 `` this is lissa , the vampire queen , '' karzac informed him . 
 drew almost choked on his wine . 
 `` the one who popped all the heads off the ra'ak and the high demons ? '' 
 he sounded very surprised . 
 `` if you and your brother would show up for more than food now and then , you might learn a great many things , '' karzac scolded . 
 `` feather , christi and kerry wanted to go , '' drake defended himself . 
 `` so we could n't turn them down . 
 we 're so seldom all home at the same time . '' 
 `` which one of you did the time bending ? '' 
 karzac asked gruffly . 
 `` feather , '' drake grinned . 
 `` hmmph , '' was karzac 's response . 
 i was enjoying myself . 
 these people were family and they were acting like it . 
 that made me happy . 
 `` how was the skiing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` great . 
 we went to chleroa . 
 those mountains are amazing . '' 
 `` i never tried to ski , '' i said . 
 `` maybe i 'll try it , sometime . 
 if i 'm about to hit a tree , i can mist right through it . '' 
 `` that would be handy , '' drew laughed . 
 `` bro here had to fold away from that rock pile he was about to run over . '' 
 `` that 'll get you a thrashing in the dojo tomorrow morning , '' drake threatened . 
 `` you 're on , dude . 
 let 's see you do it , '' drew countered . 
 `` so , did your dad teach you bladework , or did your uncle crane ? '' 
 i was curious . 
 `` they both did , and whacked us around pretty good , '' drew admitted . 
 `` they still whack you around pretty good , '' karzac huffed . 
 `` well , we 're off to get out of these clothes , '' drake stood and stretched . 
 `` dad will haul us out of bed if we 're not there on time in the morning . '' 
 he and drew folded away . 
 `` they seem like a lot of fun , '' i said . 
 `` did you like them ? '' 
 karzac smiled at me . 
 `` they 're young , '' i said , although their scents said a hundred years . 
 `` sometimes it 's nice to be around youthful exuberance . '' 
 `` you should go to bed soon , it is getting late , '' karzac said . 
 `` and i will place you in a healing sleep if you ignore me . '' 
 `` is there a picture of you next to the word autocrat in the dictionary ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my picture is also next to the word curmudgeon . 
 with me , the terms are interchangeable . '' 
 `` stop it , '' i smacked his arm lightly . 
 karzac grinned . 
 the suite i 'd been given had a bedroom , an attached sitting room , a huge bathroom and an empty walk-in closet . 
 pajamas lay on the bed when i walked inside after telling karzac i could find my own way . 
 there was also a note lying on the pajamas . 
 `` these are fox 's , '' the note read . 
 `` fox is mated to wlodek , weldon and three others . 
 her clothes were the closest we could come to something that would fit you-devin and grace . '' 
 the pajamas consisted of silky pants , coupled with a stretchy top that had thin straps . 
 my kind of pajamas . 
 i gathered them up and took them into the bathroom to take a shower . 
 when i crawled into bed later , feeling much better after bathing and washing my hair , i fell asleep quickly . 
 * * * `` i 'm mike . '' 
 he held his hand out to me so i took it and shook . 
 `` i 'm the cook . 
 my mate , jamie , is the housekeeper for this bunch , '' mike informed me as he prepared breakfast the next morning . 
 `` how do you keep up with all of them plus the house ? '' 
 i asked , mystified . 
 the place was huge with a capital h. `` it is n't easy , '' mike laughed . 
 `` but conner sends some of hers over now and then , and they help out if we need it . '' 
 mike was in his early thirties , according to his scent , looked younger than that and knew his way around the kitchen . 
 he had a plate of ham and eggs in front of me in no time . 
 `` look who 's up , '' dragon grinned when he and crane walked into the kitchen . 
 `` want to watch us practice in the dojo ? 
 those sons of mine have been off messing about and not keeping up with their training . '' 
 `` i met them last night , '' i said , cutting into my ham . 
 i had n't had ham in a long time . 
 `` this is good , mike , '' i said . 
 `` did they say where they 'd been ? '' 
 crane asked , pulling up a chair . 
 `` skiing on chleroa , '' i replied . 
 `` no idea where that is . '' 
 `` then somebody bent time for them , '' dragon sighed . 
 `` it 's summer there , right now . '' 
 `` they said feather did . '' 
 `` feather is mack 's daughter , '' dragon informed me . 
 that 's all right , then . '' 
 `` i also heard you have a third son , '' i glanced at dragon , who was getting his plate of food . 
 `` dragon taylor , '' he nodded . 
 `` we call him tay . '' 
 `` you 've been busy since i met you on refizan , '' i smiled at him . 
 `` i have , little vampire . 
 it might have been easier for me these past few weeks if i had n't thought you were dead . '' 
 i did n't tell him it might be easier for me if i were dead . 
 we finished breakfast , crane listening silently as dragon and i talked , and then dragon folded us to a dojo somewhere . 
 `` my dojo is behind adam 's garage , '' dragon caught me looking around the place . 
 `` he built it for my family and me . '' 
 the single , spacious room had a large square floor , most of which was covered with a padded mat . 
 a nearby wall was covered in thick cork , held a row of practice blades , both wood and metal , in a rack , with another rack of throwing knives . 
 on the opposite side of the room were weights and other exercise equipment . 
 crane and dragon were stretching and preparing to spar when drake and drew showed up . 
 `` dad does n't look happy , '' drake whispered to his brother while he grinned . 
 i snickered . 
 `` hey , quiet you , '' drake pointed a finger at me . 
 `` hey , do n't point at me , '' i said , letting the claw slide out on my index finger . 
 `` wow , now that 's a fingernail , '' drew laughed . 
 `` get over here , '' dragon commanded-he was telling his sons to come and spar . 
 i sat down on the floor outside the mat and watched them go after each other . 
 they all fought using two blades each , and it was a dance as they moved and clacked wood practice blades together . 
 crane took drew on ; dragon had drake . 
 they were all sweating when they finished . 
 `` impressed ? '' 
 drake flexed his muscles ; he and his brother were just as broad across the shoulders as dragon and crane and they were all tattooed . 
 i 'd seen dragon 's tattoos before , but crane had a dancing crane on his back , a crane with widespread wings on his chest and cranes flying up both arms . 
 drake had black dragon tattoos ; drew had silver dragons . 
 i do n't know how they 'd managed to sit still for all that work . 
 they were impressive , though . 
 `` lissa , how are you feeling ? '' 
 dragon asked . 
 `` want to go a round with my brother ? '' 
 `` i could probably do that , '' i said . 
 `` just do n't overdo it , all right ? '' 
 he smiled slightly . 
 `` i can mist out of the way if i have to , '' i said , standing up . 
 `` here , '' dragon handed over his wooden practice blades . 
 `` crane , see what you think . '' 
 dragon moved aside . 
 `` parry with the flat of the blade , '' crane instructed when i came to stand before him . 
 he 'd taught , all right . 
 `` i 'll go slowly . '' 
 `` you do n't have to-i 'm vampire , remember ? '' 
 `` then how fast do you want me to come after you ? '' 
 crane grinned . 
 `` how fast can you go ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i like her , '' crane said , and went into the middle position . 
 he did come after me , as fast as he could and as hard as he could . 
 he pulled in a wood replacement blade when i hit one of his hard enough to break it . 
 he had n't touched me and i was blocking all his blows . 
 when i got the first touch in , we stopped ; i was breathing hard and crane knew not to push it . 
 `` so , brother-black leathers ? '' 
 dragon pounded crane on the back . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 crane grinned at his brother . 
 `` come on , you , '' drake came to me and lifted me over his shoulder in a fireman 's carry . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i swatted what i could reach , which turned out to be his ass . 
 `` i can hit you in the same spot , '' drake laughed and folded me back to the villa 's kitchen . 
 `` young falchani , please explain what you are doing with lissa in such an undignified position , '' karzac had fists on his hips while he glared at drake . 
 drew had come along , with dragon and crane right behind . 
 drew was laughing out loud . 
 `` we had to haul her out of the dojo ; she wore herself out whacking uncle crane , '' drake grinned at karzac . 
 `` she is still recovering ! 
 explain yourselves , '' karzac demanded . 
 `` lissa had crane subdued in a matter of minutes ; i doubt she 's permanently damaged , '' dragon was calming karzac down . 
 drake set me down on the floor and i swatted him across the stomach as soon as i was in a position to do so . 
 `` can we keep her , dad ? 
 we 've already touched her , we ca n't put her back , '' drew snickered . 
 `` lissa may have something to say about that , '' dragon said . 
 `` what are you doing today ? '' 
 drake caught my arm as i started to walk away ; my suite was upstairs and down a lengthy hall . 
 `` going to find a wardrobe ; i have no clothes , '' i sighed . 
 `` that sounds intriguing , '' drew smiled . 
 `` you can go if you behave yourselves , '' devin walked in . 
 `` mom , we 're models of decorum , '' drake hugged his mother . 
 `` you 're not supposed to be able to lie , '' devin gave him a kiss on the cheek when he leaned down . 
 `` but we can practice sarcasm until the falchani sun experiences a carbon flash , '' drake laughed . 
 `` lissa , we have more borrowed clothes on your bed and we 'll go as soon as you clean up , '' grace walked into the kitchen . 
 `` sounds good , '' i said and had a quick hand fight with drew before i got out of the room . 
 he and drake were enjoying themselves , i could tell . 
 * * * `` have you ever seen anything like that ? '' 
 drake asked as soon as he knew lissa was out of hearing . 
 since she was vampire , he waited quite a while . 
 `` bro , do you think we have a shot at that ? '' 
 drew came to stand next to drake . 
 `` i think you may have to work for that , '' karzac growled . 
 chapter 7 `` merrill said to give you this , '' grace handed a credit chip necklace to me . 
 `` most people have these embedded in their wrist , but a few still wear it like this . 
 he says the money is yours , from long ago . '' 
 i slipped the necklace over my head and tucked the chain inside my borrowed blouse . 
 `` how much ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i did n't want to upset grace by cursing merrill-she did n't have to know how i felt about him . 
 `` he says there are too many zeros to count , '' grace smiled , brushing honey blonde hair back . 
 karzac and dragon had to be proud ; they had two ladies who were knockouts . 
 devin came in , her red hair in a clip at her nape and dressed tastefully in a jacket and matching trousers . 
 the shocking thing came while we were preparing to fold to london-i learned the villa was roughly a mile away from merrill 's old manor . 
 devin explained things after i finished dressing in more borrowed clothing and misted back to the kitchen . 
 `` lissa , hello , '' amara 's musical voice had n't changed since i met her the last time , and she was just as beautiful as i remembered . 
 another set of twins were right behind her as she appeared inside grace and devin 's large kitchen . 
 i drew in a breath when they materialized . 
 `` they 're your nieces ; brenten 's granddaughters , '' amara said as i backed away , shaking my head . 
 i knew from the scent they were related-we had the same bloodline-on one side , anyway . 
 they were also beautiful , with long , auburn hair that fell in waves down their backs . 
 nearly-gold eyes studied me as they sized me up . 
 their scents , though , were vastly different . 
 both held a great deal of power , but the power signatures were n't close . 
 one held a scent of the larentii about her , while the other could only be described as otherworldly . 
 `` i found a way to duplicate the larentii power signature , '' one stepped forward and held out her hand . 
 `` i 'm kyler , and flavio is one of my mates . '' 
 `` kyler , '' i took her hand . 
 i wanted to cry-i had family i had n't known about . 
 it made me wonder what else griffin had kept from me . 
 `` my mother-your half-sister , died long ago , '' kyler squeezed my hand and stepped away so her sister could come forward . 
 `` i 'm cleo , '' the other took my hand . 
 `` i 'm a healer for the saa thalarr . 
 rhett is one of my mates . 
 our father , '' she nodded toward kyler , `` is glendes , eldest of grey house . 
 our step-nephew , shadow grey , should meet you , '' cleo said , smiling uncertainly . 
 she was n't sure how i 'd receive her or her sister . 
 there 's nothing to worry about , i sent mentally . 
 `` so , you both have multiple mates , too ? '' 
 i asked aloud . 
 cleo took another step forward and hugged me . 
 `` it 'll work out , '' cleo whispered in my ear . 
 `` kyler says so , too . '' 
 `` i sure hope so , '' i brushed away a bit of mistiness when cleo stepped back . 
 `` i 'm mated to dalroy , too , and as cleo said , she 's mated to rhett , '' kyler smiled brightly at me . 
 `` we know you know them . '' 
 `` yeah , i know them . 
 i 'd say they 're damn lucky , '' i nodded to my newly discovered nieces . 
 `` and we tell them how fortunate they are all the time , '' cleo snickered . 
 `` we 'll sit down and tell you about all our mates soon , '' kyler promised . 
 `` our larentii mates want to meet you . '' 
 `` you have larentii mates . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 how did they all get so lucky ? 
 `` come on , you , '' drake walked in with drew and draped an arm around my shoulders . 
 `` we have stuff to buy . '' 
 `` we 're coming , '' three more people appeared in the kitchen . 
 a short , perky brunette with close-cropped curls was there , flanked by wlodek and weldon . 
 truthfully , i wanted to punch wlodek and hug weldon . 
 both those thoughts flew away when i got the woman 's scent-she had bright elemaiyan blood . 
 `` i 'm bernadette , '' she held out a hand , `` but that name is embarrassing , so i prefer fox . 
 and i 'm the ka'mirai - the one the elemaiya wish they had n't rejected . '' 
 `` i 've heard of you , '' i took her hand . 
 griffin mentioned her before ; said she could turn back time or change things for the elemaiya . 
 well , they 'd f ** ked that up , just as he 'd said they would . 
 `` i 've heard of you-now , '' fox smiled brightly . 
 i could see her with weldon-he doted on her , i could tell that right away . 
 what shocked me was the undiluted love in wlodek 's eyes as he watched her . 
 `` lissa , we 'll talk and i 'll grovel later , '' wlodek offered . 
 honestly , i felt a headache coming on . 
 wlodek looked exactly as he always had-dark eyes and hair ; dressed impeccably , still , but his face was n't as shuttered as it once was . 
 the saa thalarr had wrought changes in radomir and his former vampire sire . 
 it made me wonder what it had done for merrill and the others . 
 `` and we 'll talk about withheld information , '' i retorted , my voice sharper than i 'd intended . 
 wlodek winced at my words , and that would n't have happened before-that was a sure bet . 
 his stone face had cracked-courtesy of the saa thalarr . 
 lissa , if there were any way to change it , i would , he sent . 
 `` come on , itty bitty pants , we have shopping to do . 
 there 's no time for arguments or depression , '' drew leaned down and pecked me on the cheek . 
 i stared up at him . 
 he grinned at me and i blinked , thinking how handsome he and his brother were . 
 being able to fold was a special gift . 
 it might have taken me ten or fifteen minutes to get to the shopping mall by misting . 
 malls were making a comeback , i learned from grace . 
 they 'd fallen in and out of favor many times over the three hundred years i 'd been missing . 
 `` you do n't know how much we missed you , little girl , '' weldon said when we landed in a huge department store . 
 he hugged me tightly , too , before letting me go . 
 `` weldon , what happened to winkler ? '' 
 i asked as we were going through racks of slacks , blouses , jeans , dresses and skirts . 
 `` lissa , why are you asking about things like that ? '' 
 weldon put his arms around me again and kissed my forehead . 
 `` hey , now , '' drake tapped weldon on the shoulder . 
 drew was right behind drake , nodding at his brother 's response . 
 `` winkler did what his father did before him , '' weldon sighed , pulling away from me . 
 `` fuck , '' i whispered . 
 i wanted to cry . 
 `` hey , we 're here to buy clothes , '' drew hugged me . 
 `` dry clothes , '' he added . 
 somehow , the twins knew . 
 winkler 's father had forced him to make the challenge , allowing winkler to take the dallas pack and his life . 
 winkler had given the pack to one of his children . 
 i 'd never get to see him or his beautiful , wolfish grin again . 
 `` i 'll be okay , '' i patted drew on the back and continued looking through the rack of blouses , though i wanted more than anything to mist away and weep . 
 i forced my thoughts away from winkler and turned back to the clothing racks . 
 at least kifirin had given me my hair back ; it hung past my shoulders and i 'd french-braided it before going shopping . 
 drake kept playing with my braid the whole time we looked through clothes , and he and his brother had their hands on me as often as possible , offering silent consolation for the hole left in my heart . 
 `` get everything a little bigger-you still have weight to gain , '' devin suggested as we pulled my normal size off the racks . 
 she , grace , amara , kyler and cleo were doing their best to take care of me , with help from fox . 
 of course , dragon 's twins were offering their opinion on everything . 
 every woman in the store , including the sales clerks , was staring at drake , drew , wlodek and weldon . 
 charles showed up after a bit and began pulling things off racks and tossing them into my dressing room . 
 it reminded me of a shopping trip we 'd taken so long ago . 
 wlodek sent charles and me to london , to buy a wardrobe after i 'd been allowed to live by a margin of one vote by the vampire council . 
 i figured wlodek had sent mindspeech to charles , asking him to come now . 
 are they still meeting in the cave ? 
 i sent to wlodek . 
 he was saa thalarr-he 'd have mindspeech now , even if he did n't have it before . 
 wlodek knew what i meant . 
 the cave was bombed several years ago , he replied . 
 by zealots hunting vampire . 
 the council purchased an old church and excavated beneath it . 
 that 's where they meet , now . 
 i heaved a shaky sigh . 
 so many things changed , so many people gone . 
 moro mou , do not let this upset you , wlodek added . 
 and you were correct about nestor and cecil . 
 they are gone , now . 
 dalroy , charles and rhett are on the council instead . 
 good for them , i returned . 
 `` oh yeah , keep that , '' drake and drew were both nodding approval at the long black dress charles found on a rack . 
 it had an empire waist and a halter neckline with thin ties that hung down the back . 
 most of my back was bare ; the back of the dress came down to the small of my back and drew 's fingers touched me there fleetingly as i turned to go back inside the dressing room . 
 lunch came after we 'd bought a mountain of clothing-someone sent all of it back to the villa using the power available to them . 
 `` this is one of adam 's restaurants , '' wlodek informed me when we walked inside . 
 i sighed-i 'd gone to one of adam 's restaurants in the past-with roff , giff , franklin , greg and several others . 
 i squared my shoulders and forced myself not to think about it . 
 frank was gone ; nobody mentioned him . 
 and the whole time i 'd been on kifirin , i had n't seen roff or giff . 
 i had no idea whether they still lived or not . 
 i 'd been seated at the table between drake and drew-they 'd arranged that somehow . 
 if they were only looking for a fling , i was n't their girl . 
 i just did n't know how to tell them that . 
 `` the prime rib is good , '' drew leaned over my shoulder , reading my menu instead of his own . 
 `` and this is good , too , '' he pointed out a chicken dish . 
 he was as close as he could get , an arm draped around my shoulders as he tapped my menu . 
 i knew by scent that he and his brother were a hundred years old . 
 it made me wonder how i should determine my own age . 
 was i forty-nine or was i three hundred forty-nine ? 
 i did n't know what to do about that . 
 i settled for the chicken dish and it was good , but i could n't finish it . 
 drew helped me eat it and drake fed me a bit of his dessert . 
 we went looking for lingerie and shoes after lunch ; charles , drake and drew insisted on coming along . 
 charles was the only male who 'd ever helped me pick out underwear before , and he was n't interested romantically . 
 i could n't say that about the twins , and felt my face go hot several times at the suggestions they made . 
 `` no , i hate underwires , '' i poked drake in the chest over his choice in bras . 
 `` then get this one , '' he picked another in the same color-a fuchsia . 
 i ended up with a pile of underthings i was too embarrassed to put back . 
 the twins were grinning when we were done and devin and grace were smiling the whole time they shopped with me . 
 charles was the voice of reason in all of it , while kyler , cleo and amara made quiet suggestions and watched me carefully . 
 amara was afraid i might break and kyler and cleo were struggling to get used to an aunt they had n't known about . 
 i 'd bet half the zeros on my credit chip that griffin had n't told them anything about me-ever . 
 until now , that is . 
 after a while , i had so many pairs of shoes i did n't know what to do with all of them . 
 those and other accessories were purchased after lengthy consideration . 
 and then everything was sent back to the villa , just like all the other bags . 
 `` now for jewelry , '' wlodek announced . 
 somebody folded us to an exclusive jewelry store . 
 `` we 're wearing our girl out . '' 
 somehow , i ended up in drake 's lap , yawning as discreetly as i could while we sat at the jewelry counter . 
 a sales clerk showed us tray after tray of earrings , necklaces , rings and bracelets . 
 drake was running gentle fingers down my ribs and that was n't hot or anything . 
 it was all i could do not to collapse against him and close my eyes with a contented sigh . 
 `` i like this , '' drew pointed out a cuff bracelet in hammered gold that held several rows of diamonds . 
 the price on it could have bought me a round-trip ticket to another galaxy . 
 the cuff was placed on my wrist . 
 `` see , that looks good , '' drew smiled , leaning forward to kiss me . 
 i blinked at him in a stupor . 
 the sad thing ? 
 i would n't have minded if he 'd gone on kissing me , even while i was sitting on his brother 's lap . 
 `` we 'll take it , '' wlodek announced . 
 there was already a pile of jewelry they 'd set aside and we ended up with all of it plus several other items . 
 the total was staggering . 
 i thought i might hyperventilate when weldon and wlodek split the ticket . 
 `` we owe you , '' weldon whispered near my ear . 
 `` and the others are chipping in , too . '' 
 `` take her home and let her sleep , she 's exhausted , '' karzac was suddenly with us , handing out orders . 
 `` i get to hold her on the way home , '' drew said softly , and i felt boneless as i was passed from one brother to the other . 
 i was asleep before we ever got home and do n't remember how i got in bed . 
 * * * `` what can we do about her records ? '' 
 merrill asked wlodek . 
 wlodek sat in adam 's study at gryphon hall , adam 's family home for centuries . 
 `` are all of them gone ? 
 how are some of those things she did explained away ? '' 
 adam studied both former vampires sitting before his desk . 
 they were having a brandy and discussing the difficulty they currently faced . 
 flavio would demand to know how and why a queen vampire had escaped his notice . 
 `` they were attributed to others , '' pheligar folded in and promptly pulled in a rather large , comfortable chair for himself , temporarily enlarging adam 's office to accommodate it . 
 none of the former vampires present so much as lifted an eyebrow . 
 they were used to this and could do it themselves if they wanted . 
 `` the larentii hand in all this , '' wlodek sighed . 
 `` i had memories of taking xenides ' head-until recently . '' 
 `` it was requested , lest she become a target in the past and make the future turn out differently , '' pheligar drew in a deep breath . 
 `` a few werewolves were allowed to remember , and they wisely kept that information to themselves . 
 belen and his superiors had to arrange for the vampires and any others to forget . 
 it was the only way . '' 
 `` yet we were allowed to remember it all the moment she died , '' wlodek pointed out . 
 `` this could not be done for the others ? '' 
 `` you know belen does not like to interfere in that way-any more than is necessary , as he says , '' pheligar replied , a large blue hand rubbing his forehead . 
 adam knew that gesture-pheligar did n't agree with the way things were going . 
 `` so lissa gets no credit whatsoever-somebody else gets it ? '' 
 merrill did n't appreciate that . 
 `` we know what she did , '' pheligar muttered . 
 `` at least that is how it was explained to me . '' 
 `` those high demons should be kissing her feet , and the only word i got was a request from gardevik , asking if she 'd mind coming back and making an apple pie . '' 
 merrill tossed up a hand and snorted at the irony . 
 `` i talked with glinda , and now she 's threatening to toss gardevik rath into baetrah herself . '' 
 `` jayd 's spawn hunter status has been removed . '' 
 pheligar dropped that information in front of the others . 
 `` glinda is still considered auxiliary saa thalarr , but hers is the running of kifirin with jayd , so she may be giving that up . '' 
 `` why was jayd 's status changed ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` he was n't using it and recent events were taken into account . '' 
 pheligar 's face shuttered and adam knew he would n't get any more from the larentii on the subject . 
 `` does he know this ? '' 
 wlodek asked . 
 `` he has been informed , '' pheligar sniffed . 
 adam knew then that pheligar had delivered the news himself , rather than one of the other liaisons . 
 pheligar 's official title was archivist for the saa thalarr , but he still helped the liaisons from time to time . 
 `` and how did he take it ? '' 
 merrill was very curious . 
 `` he said the reason he accepted it in the beginning was to remain close to glinda . 
 now that they are mated , he does not care . '' 
 `` they ought to care , '' adam grumbled . 
 `` do they realize how close they came-how close we all came-to destruction ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure they know , '' wlodek agreed . 
 `` glinda may , but the rest of them ? '' 
 wlodek frowned at the complexity of the situation . 
 `` they do n't have a f ** king clue , '' griffin folded in . 
 he seldom used profanity , but he 'd been using it regularly during recent weeks . 
 pheligar pulled in another chair and griffin joined the discussion . 
 `` my little girl gets killed , and then put back together by an unseen hand and ends up cooking for those f ** kers ? '' 
 pheligar placed a calming hand on griffin 's shoulder , forming light around his fingers . 
 griffin relaxed noticeably and nodded his thanks to the larentii . 
 `` tonight may be difficult for lissa when she sees those blank expressions on gavin 's and anthony 's faces , '' wlodek felt a headache coming on . 
 `` what about dragon 's boys ? 
 are they just playing around ? '' 
 merrill asked . 
 * * * `` bro , what is up with you ? '' 
 dragon taylor had never seen his younger brothers like this . 
 they 'd come looking for tay , just to spend some time , they 'd said . 
 drake and drew were both restless , however , and tay did n't know what to think . 
 drew paced while drake sat , rose again and then sat a second time . 
 `` you should have been there this morning , '' drew said finally . 
 `` dad and uncle crane gave us a beating as usual , when we skip sparring for a few days . 
 dad got lissa to come and watch , and then convinced uncle crane to go a round with her . 
 she got a touch on uncle crane in less than ten minutes . '' 
 `` and that was after breaking one of his practice blades , '' drake agreed . 
 `` the vampire queen lissa ? '' 
 `` yeah , dude , where have you been ? '' 
 drake sounded indignant . 
 `` i heard she came back somehow , but we have n't been able to figure out how that happened . 
 you do n't have a m'fiyah with her , do you ? '' 
 dragon taylor 's eyes narrowed at his younger brothers . 
 even he did n't expect the coughing and clearing of throats that followed his question . 
 * * * `` you ought to go back to the southern continent , brother . 
 you never made it past baetrah an hafei . '' 
 jayd lifted an eyebrow at gardevik rath . 
 `` jayd , there 's nothing there except ash and devastation . 
 the animals are dead , the crops are dead or burned in the fields-nothing can survive in that environment , not even rogue croth or drith . 
 besides , kifirin never said anything when he was with us . '' 
 `` kifirin said long ago that he 'd never interfere . 
 why would he say anything ? 
 that would be interfering . 
 i think you should plan another trip and check everything , this time . '' 
 smoke escaped jayd 's nostrils . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll put a team together as soon as the fall rains are over on the southern continent , '' garde sighed . 
 he did n't look forward to going back a second time , and waiting for the fall rains to cease would give him several weeks in veshtul before he was expected to return . 
 `` the moment the fall rains are over , '' jayd gave his brother a hard look . 
 * * * `` this is not a good idea , my queen , the h'morr warns against it . '' 
 friesianna regarded her advisor coldly . 
 `` that old thing ? 
 if we had the ka'mirai , we would not have to concern ourselves with that . '' 
 friesianna , queen of the bright elemaiya , had never considered the book of prophecy as anything other than myth and tales for children . 
 she offered a disdainful glare at the mere mention of the book , shaking back thick , brown hair to indicate her displeasure . 
 `` we will not get her back . 
 we know this , '' rabis muttered . 
 he knew better than anyone just how accurate the h'morr was-he 'd written it . 
 only one was better than he at the talent of foresight , and that one none could reach . 
 rabis was more than happy to keep that information to himself . 
 `` we will gain the ka'mirai if i make this alliance , '' friesianna snapped , her hazel eyes offering a warning to rabis . 
 `` then she will be forced to come to us and i will demand she eliminate the consequences . 
 that is how things will be . '' 
 friesianna was ignoring her miriasu advisor , just as she usually did . 
 rabis stared at friesianna in vexed exasperation . 
 `` my queen , the warnings were quite clear . 
 we were advised against making an alliance with either of the two you mentioned . 
 it was foretold that justice will come if we do so . 
 and here you wish to ally your people with both of them . 
 do you expect the serpents to tell us what their desire is concerning the ka'mirai ? 
 they are notorious liars . '' 
 `` do not annoy me with your constant prattling on this subject . 
 once we have the ka'mirai , the potential for any retribution will be eliminated , '' friesianna 's voice held a contemptuous , bone-chilling frost . 
 `` go now . 
 we must make preparations to receive the dark king and the new ra'ak prince . '' 
 rabis left her side , muttering . 
 he had no desire to be near either of the two she 'd named , and felt the queen would n't remark upon his absence anyway . 
 he walked toward the nearest gate , determined to be far away when the pact was struck . 
 friesianna would have to do without his services from now on . 
 he 'd prepared long ago for this day , and was now washing his hands of the bright queen and the fools who blindly followed her . 
 * * * `` this is your fault . '' 
 veris snarled at breth . 
 they 'd returned to veshtul three days earlier , and the news that the vampire queen was alive had spread swiftly among the comesuli . 
 veris had no hope of containing the information . 
 their queen had left them , however ; she 'd vanished with kifirin and not returned . 
 veris had no idea whom to ask regarding the queen 's whereabouts , or if she might come back to them . 
 `` i did not know it was the queen , '' breth whined . 
 `` you did not treat her well , queen or not , '' veris hissed . 
 `` i have questioned the others ; they all say you taunted and insulted her . 
 now you expect her to come back to us ? 
 you are acting like a high demon and not one of the comesuli . 
 our code says to treat all as if they were our parent , brother or child . 
 this you did not do and we may all pay for your foolishness . '' 
 `` i beg you , do not tell the others what i did , they will shun me , '' breth whined . 
 `` i will not tell because my part in this was nearly as great , '' veris muttered . 
 `` i can not stop the others , however . 
 you may be shunned anyway , and it will be your due if you are . '' 
 `` what did lord gardevik say when you asked him about her ? '' 
 `` he says he has received no replies to his own queries , '' veris snorted . 
 `` and if the high demons receive no replies , what can we hope to do ? '' 
 veris stalked away from breth . 
 they 'd held their private conversation in a corner of the comesuli barracks , next to the eastern palace wall . 
 so many of the commons were beginning to make preparations-they anticipated a move to le-ath veronis . 
 veris hoped their preparations were not in vain . 
 * * * `` how should i dress ? '' 
 i 'd gone to the kitchen to get something to drink and found devin and grace there . 
 `` however you want , '' devin said . 
 `` although those vampires will show up dressed to the nines . '' 
 a pretty dimple appeared when she grinned . 
 `` they always do that , '' i grumped . 
 `` it 's to intimidate the rest of us . '' 
 grace snickered at my comment . 
 `` i watched wlodek fight a truckload of vampires once while dressed in a silk shirt and tailored pants , '' i added . 
 `` those shoes he was wearing probably cost a fortune , too . 
 he did remove his coat and tie , though . '' 
 that made devin laugh . 
 `` hey , do n't laugh , radomir did the same thing , '' i added , smiling at the memory . 
 `` russell and will dressed casually , but then they were n't as old . '' 
 i got some juice and went back to my suite to pick out something to wear . 
 i liked devin and grace-they were nice and heaven knew i 'd not had any female friends the entire time i 'd been vampire . 
 radomir offered to take me to flavio-although i could have misted there since i knew where i was . 
 grace explained that adam , merrill and wlodek had purchased miles of land in all directions surrounding merrill 's old home , and kept it in a garden state while the lands past that had gone commercial or were covered in sprawling parts of a now-extended london and its suburbs . 
 the pants and silk blouse i picked out reminded me of what a 1930s film star might wear . 
 the neck was high with buttons at the side and long , full sleeves cuffed with matching buttons . 
 the blouse itself was in a chocolate brown , the linen-look trousers in a natural oatmeal . 
 low , dark-brown heels finished everything off except for the earrings . 
 those were diamond drops . 
 charles had selected those-at least he remembered what i 'd liked . 
 i was beginning to get shaky , too . 
 i did n't think anybody was going to remember me and that made me want to cry again . 
 i was surprised i had any fluid left in my body nowadays . 
 * * * `` a brief hit , days ago . 
 that 's all , '' kiarra handed a cup of tea to dragon . 
 dragon murmured his thanks and sipped the tea . 
 `` pheligar says none of our shields were detected or compromised , and the ra'ak did n't stay long . 
 probably realized he 'd made a mistake coming here and got away as quickly as possible . '' 
 `` as long as they left no spawn behind , '' dragon grumbled . 
 `` i 've checked-there 's nothing , '' kiarra nodded . 
 `` but i 'll let you know if we detect another hit . 
 i just want to make sure this is n't a reconnaissance mission . 
 they 'll be breaking the rules if that 's the case , and i 'll get merrill and adam to help me take care of it . '' 
 `` let me know if you want our help , '' dragon rose from his seat inside kiarra 's library . 
 `` grace , devin and i will be happy to assist . '' 
 `` i will . 
 take the cup with you-devin will send it back , '' kiarra smiled . 
 dragon nodded and folded away . 
 * * * `` i do not understand why we were ordered to come , '' gavin muttered , climbing the steps to the honored one 's manor . 
 `` we 'll find out , i 'm sure , '' tony said , attempting to soothe his surrogate sire . 
 spring had arrived in kent , and the night sky was unusually clear , with stars twinkling overhead . 
 gavin followed tony 's gaze and looked up at the stars as well . 
 he blew out a sigh and moved to follow anthony through the door . 
 rolfe was there , as always , holding the door to allow both assassins inside . 
 `` flavio , merrill and wlodek are upstairs waiting for you , '' rolfe rumbled . 
 `` what do they want ? '' 
 tony sighed . 
 `` anthony , we will learn this soon enough . '' 
 gavin jerked his head toward the stairs leading to the second floor and flavio 's study . 
 * * * this was n't a good idea . 
 i was shaking and felt ill . 
 for the thousandth time i wished i had n't agreed to allow radomir and charles to haul me to flavio . 
 i was n't prepared for blank stares and ridicule-from any of them . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 charles and radomir appeared at the same moment . 
 they 'd both dressed well for this , just as they 'd done in the past . 
 i suppose flavio commanded the same sort of respect wlodek always did . 
 charles was offering an encouraging smile , but i was too terrified to answer with one of my own . 
 `` lissa , things will surely work out , '' radomir did his best to soothe my nerves ; he had n't failed to notice my shaking hands or unsteady breaths . 
 i watched his hands-they were steady and he wore two rings-one on each ring finger , for each of his wives . 
 he had someone to lean on-two someones , actually . 
 after three hundred years , even if gavin remembered me , our marriage , as declared by wlodek , had been over for two centuries . 
 this was a fiasco , no matter how you looked at it . 
 and my rings-the ones gavin had given me-were missing when i 'd come to myself on kifirin 's planet . 
 i had no idea what happened to them . 
 it no longer mattered , more than likely . 
 * * * `` charles and radomir will arrive soon , '' flavio offered seats to tony and gavin . 
 `` i have wine , if you wish it , '' he added . 
 merrill and wlodek were already seated-flavio had brought in extra seating after wlodek informed him there would be more coming . 
 tony accepted a glass of wine ; gavin declined . 
 `` i am also curious as to why we were asked to meet , '' flavio nodded as tony accepted the glass poured out for him . 
 `` my sire says it is important-to us and to the race . '' 
 `` more important than you know , '' merrill said softly . 
 * * * we did n't bother with the front door-radomir folded us straight to wlodek 's old study . 
 only now , it belonged to flavio . 
 wlodek 's monet was missing from the wall , as was the portrait of napoleon i 'd given him . 
 distractedly , i found myself hoping the painting had n't disappeared , as the memories of me had . 
 charles placed a hand on my nape as i studied the wide shoulders and dark hair of one of the four sitting before me ; radomir had dropped us behind a row of seats . 
 gavin 's scent had n't changed , either-it still exerted a power i could n't name , and i wanted to weep over what i 'd lost . 
 he 'd turned slightly when we appeared , did n't recognize my scent and kept his gaze focused on flavio , who sat behind a desk , staring at me in shock . 
 still the most beautiful man i 'd ever seen walking the earth , flavio 's nose still worked as well-he knew i was vampire . 
 `` father , '' he muttered , turning his eyes toward wlodek , `` why have i not been informed of this one ? '' 
 `` lissa , come and sit . '' 
 merrill rose from his chair and swept his hand toward the three remaining chairs-the ones in the center-right before flavio 's desk . 
 he knew from my silence just how angry i was with him . 
 `` lissa , '' charles took my hand and led me to the center seat . 
 i was numb and tony watched me with curiosity as charles and radomir got me seated and comfortable before taking seats on either side of me . 
 there was n't a glimmer of recognition from flavio , tony or gavin . 
 gavin took it a step farther , though , choosing to ignore me while flavio speculated and tony stared in wonder . 
 `` my sire informs me that you were here , long ago , '' flavio began , his dark eyes searching my face for acknowledgement . 
 i reminded myself that one of my newly discovered nieces was married to him-along with several other husbands , including dalroy . 
 `` i was . '' 
 my voice quavered and i cleared my throat . 
 i wanted to weep , but i was n't about to do it in front of gavin . 
 i 'd seen the severe frown on his face-he had no desire to be where he was . 
 forcing my thoughts away from what the old gavin might have done upon seeing me after centuries of absence , i turned my gaze to tony . 
 he was more than curious , his clear , gray eyes traveling over me from tip to toe . 
 my clothes were fine ; i 'd spent more than enough money on my wardrobe , but i was still too thin . 
 i felt unattractive under his scrutiny . 
 `` anthony , it is impolite to stare , '' gavin growled softly . 
 tony turned away . 
 `` my sire also tells me you are a powerful queen . '' 
 there was a vague question in flavio 's words , but he did n't insult his vampire sire by expressing blatant disbelief . 
 wlodek was feeding mindspeech to flavio , and flavio was struggling to keep the shock from his voice . 
 `` my sire says , '' flavio hesitated , `` you were once married to gavin . '' 
 those words infuriated me . 
 he might have saved me much embarrassment if he 'd kept that to himself . 
 it was more than obvious that gavin did n't remember me . 
 tony , too . 
 i wanted no more pain at the hands of these , or their charity , either . 
 gavin 's dark eyes were hard as they bored into mine , and there was nothing but contempt there . 
 he did n't want me . 
 someone , somewhere , had made sure of that . 
 if their ultimate goal had been to break my heart , well , they 'd done a fine job of it . 
 `` i ca n't kill xenides again , just to prove what i am , '' i hissed at flavio . 
 `` fuck you . 
 fuck all of you . '' 
 i turned to mist and got the hell away . 
 * * * `` honored one , i have never been married , '' gavin rose from his seat . 
 `` with your permission , '' gavin nodded respectfully to flavio and strode angrily from the study . 
 `` i 'll get you home , '' radomir motioned for tony to sit down again-he was prepared to follow his surrogate sire . 
 `` child , she has always been thus ; disregard it , '' wlodek calmed flavio . 
 `` she is a queen , and at times , her tone and her profanity are warranted . '' 
 chapter 8 the night was calm and beautiful , until i interrupted it with a sob . 
 the roof of the villa was my perch as i wiped my cheeks and struggled to get the vision of gavin 's contempt out of my mind . 
 did i love him ? 
 i did . 
 i 'd loved him from the moment he 'd put his hands on my neck , eons ago , outside a mansion in oklahoma city . 
 that gavin had touched me with gentleness , massaging my neck to ease the tension away . 
 i was preparing for another night of hunting winkler 's kidnappers , and i 'd been a failure at it up to that point . 
 i would never forget the feeling of weakness that came over me at gavin 's touch . 
 i 'd wanted to melt against him and weep my heart out . 
 i had n't . 
 winkler was gone , now , and that made me wipe more tears away . 
 gavin was just as gone , though he still lived . 
 why had i been brought back ? 
 why ? 
 my last memory before my death was of the late afternoon sky over veshtul as my mist floated away . 
 darkness had come quickly afterward . 
 `` baby , we just got a message from turtle . '' 
 drew appeared on one side , drake on the other , and both settled in comfortably beside me . 
 `` who 's turtle ? '' 
 i wiped my cheeks , hoping the twins would n't comment on the tearstains . 
 `` a falchani spawn hunter , like us , '' drake wiped away a tear with a thumb , his touch gentle against my cheek . 
 `` he still owns a bar on falchan , in the border town between the falchani lands and reldis . '' 
 `` turtle 's son runs the bar , but since it 's on the border , ruffians come in all the time and they always pick a fight , '' drew sounded almost happy about that . 
 `` so , quelling a fight is always good therapy if you 're upset about something , '' drake picked up the story . 
 `` come on , itty bitty pants ; let 's go crack a few reldan heads . 
 do n't kill anybody , we 're not allowed , '' he added , grinning . 
 `` uh-huh , '' i muttered . 
 i was about to refuse , but the twins folded me away before i could get the words out . 
 it was n't a fight-it was a brawl , with most of the bar involved . 
 even the bartender was wading into the fray as i stood in the doorway of a square building , fashioned of finely sanded wood , with a carefully crafted stone floor beneath our feet . 
 gouges were cut into the wood wherever a bare space of wall showed-there 'd been plenty of fighting with blades inside this bar . 
 they serve the best noodles here , drew sent as a body was tossed in our direction . 
 the body in question rose from the floor and tottered back to the battle . 
 blades and fists were flying throughout the bar , and the entire room was a seething mass of conflict . 
 i 'm not sure if the combatants even knew who was friend and who was foe , they merely concentrated on fighting . 
 you 're watching this and thinking about noodles ? 
 i sent . 
 i 'm sure my incredulity was sent with my words-i was shaking my head at what was going on all around us . 
 they 're really good noodles , drake weighed in on the mental conversation . 
 mom and aunt gracie like to come here and eat with dad and uncle crane . 
 and i suppose the fights break out then , too ? 
 i questioned drake . 
 yeah . 
 mom and aunt gracie have tossed a few punches and crossed blades a time or two . 
 dad and uncle crane trained them , so they can hold their own . 
 drake was mentally laughing at me . 
 i should n't have been surprised-both women were saa thalarr and fought the ra'ak . 
 they were warriors , just as the men were . 
 so , you want noodles , then ? 
 i blinked up at drake 's face . 
 his eyes , like his father 's were nearly black . 
 i liked them . 
 we both want noodles . 
 but we ca n't get any until this is over ; drew nodded toward the continuing battle . 
 fine , i sent , and waded into the nearest conflict . 
 when i was done , a pile of bodies , most unconscious , lay against the far wall of the bar . 
 a neat row of blades were sunk into the thick wood of the bar , most to the hilt . 
 a small crowd of others-those still able to stand , were backed against a wall near the door , nursing split lips , cracked ribs , black eyes and multiple bruises . 
 drake and drew were still standing next to the front door , trying very hard not to laugh . 
 the whole thing , start to finish , took maybe ten minutes . 
 `` can we get noodles , now ? '' 
 i almost split the bar with my fist as i pounded the scarred wood . 
 the bartender , who was mostly whole and standing behind the bar again , offered me a grin and began preparing noodles . 
 * * * `` those really were good noodles , '' i said as drake folded us to the villa 's kitchen after we 'd eaten . 
 the rice wine was good , too-i 'd had several cups of that . 
 as a result , i was feeling a bit tipsy . 
 `` aunt lissa , thank goodness , '' kyler and cleo greeted me as the twins and i dropped into the kitchen . 
 a man i did n't recognize sat at the island , staring at me . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 i handed a worried frown to kyler . 
 `` baby , you 're covered in blood-not yours , '' drake snickered beside me . 
 only then did i survey the damage to my expensive clothing ; the blouse and trousers were ruined . 
 `` she just cleared turtle 's bar on falchan , '' drew chuckled beside me . 
 `` lissa , we brought shadow , '' cleo was also surveying the clothing disaster . 
 `` are you sure you are n't hurt ? 
 i can check you over , '' she offered . 
 `` she 's not hurt-i do n't think anybody got a hand on her , '' drake said , sounding proud . 
 `` our baby went right in and took care of business . '' 
 `` cleo ? '' 
 a whispered voice came , and i turned swiftly to the male kyler and cleo brought with them . 
 `` cleo , i ca n't get up . '' 
 `` just as expected , '' kyler muttered cryptically . 
 i watched as cleo went to the man and put her hands on him . 
 he was handsome , with dark hair , gray eyes and a sensuous mouth . 
 `` aunt lissa , this is shadow grey , a master wizard of grey house , '' kyler took my hand . 
 `` i 'll take care of the blood , '' she added . 
 she was n't kidding about duplicating the larentii power ; the blood and every tiny rip in my clothing disappeared , magically repaired by my niece . 
 `` wow , remind me to come to you the next time i pull one of my sweaters , '' i gazed down at my restored outfit . 
 `` he 's good to go , now , '' cleo announced , and shadow stood up beside her . 
 what came next shocked the hell out of me . 
 shadow walked straight toward me , took my face in his hands and kissed me . 
 * * * `` aunt lissa , it 's the way m'fiyahs work , '' kyler attempted to calm me . 
 drake and drew were working on it as well . 
 `` if you remove a m'fiyah , it can harm both parties . '' 
 `` baby , they 're not so bad , '' drew pulled me against him . 
 `` we , ah , bro and i , well , '' he did n't finish . 
 `` they have them , too , '' cleo sighed , nodding toward drake and drew . 
 shadow grey was sleeping a healing sleep somewhere at the villa-he 'd collapsed when i backed away from him after he 'd kissed me . 
 cleo placed the sleep quickly , and she and kyler moved him to a bed . 
 i was shaking over the incident . 
 `` what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 i was right back where i 'd been before the twins hauled me away to falchan . 
 `` baby , we 'll go slow , we promise , '' drew murmured . 
 `` it does n't have to happen overnight . '' 
 i was n't sure whether it was going to happen at all . 
 i did n't say that , though . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 damage all of them , because i was n't feeling up to anything at the moment ? 
 gavin 's empty memory and defection hurt . 
 winkler 's death hurt . 
 franklin , greg , tony-it all hurt . 
 `` lissa , the monthly family dinner at grey house is in four days . 
 why do n't you come for that ? '' 
 cleo suggested . 
 `` maybe you can get to know shadow better-before you make a rash decision . 
 removing a m'fiyah is for life , and the consequences can affect more than you might think . '' 
 i stared at my hands for a moment before lifting my eyes to drew 's . 
 he smiled at me as i gazed into those dark depths . 
 `` what do you think about shadow grey ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` he 's a master wizard , '' drew nuzzled my temple before placing a gentle kiss . 
 `` they do n't hand that status out to just anybody . '' 
 `` no , hon , that 's not what i meant , '' i sighed . 
 `` we do n't feel jealousy . 
 ca n't , '' drake nuzzled my other temple . 
 i sat between the twins , in a media room inside the massive villa . 
 `` besides , we like shadow , '' drake went on . 
 `` he 's in our age group , and achieving master wizard status before five hundred is unusual . 
 you have to be very powerful and talented to do it . '' 
 `` what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 i tossed a hand helplessly . 
 `` i mean , i can think of plenty of people in my past who 'd fall in the floor with apoplexy if somebody mentioned multiple mates to them . 
 did n't seem to matter that human history is filled with multiple wives , or even husbands , in some cases . 
 in their opinion , if a woman goes after more than one man , she 's a slut , a trollop and a whore . '' 
 `` well , '' drew drawled beside me , `` the laws are different now , and most of those people are dead . 
 you win . '' 
 `` honey , i think i love you , '' i touched his cheek . 
 `` i know i love you , '' he said , and kissed my fingers . 
 * * * `` aunt lissa , trust me . 
 i 'll place the sleep and you 'll feel better in the morning , '' cleo promised . 
 `` the villa and all of merrill , adam and wlodek 's property is warded . 
 nobody will need your help while you sleep . 
 you 're completely safe , here . '' 
 i still was n't sure , but cleo sounded convincing . 
 drake and drew were gone-they 'd offered to get shadow grey back to grey house . 
 master wizards were busy people , i learned , and their work was highly sought by , well , everybody . 
 everybody who could afford it , that is . 
 drake and drew explained that cleo 's master wizard mate , harvel , made their blades , and they 'd cost in the millions . 
 they were spelled against nicks , rust and breaking , and nobody except the owners could pick them up and use them . 
 if anyone else tried , they 'd trigger a spell and die . 
 that was freaky , to the eighth power . 
 `` fine , '' i grumped . 
 cleo and kyler had chased me around my borrowed suite , ordering me into pajamas and waiting patiently while i brushed my teeth . 
 `` get in bed , '' cleo said . 
 `` this will be the best sleep you 've ever had , '' she promised . 
 dutifully i crawled into bed , and cleo placed fingers against my forehead . 
 just like that , i was out . 
 * * * `` she does n't trust anybody , '' cleo sighed . 
 `` yeah . 
 i know , '' kyler agreed . 
 `` i got mindspeech from flavio , asking me why the hell i did n't warn him sooner . 
 i had to tell him that em-pah did n't want it . '' 
 `` i do n't know what i would do , if harvel or rhett did n't remember me , '' cleo said . 
 `` that would break my heart . '' 
 `` lissa 's was broken , long ago , '' kyler said . 
 `` that 's why she does n't trust anybody now . '' 
 `` gram amara cried after we went shopping the other day , '' cleo nodded . 
 `` she says lissa might not ever consider her and em-pah as parents . '' 
 `` at least mom loved me , and em-pah loved me when i was little , '' kyler said . 
 `` and your adoptive parents loved you . 
 a lot . '' 
 `` i know em-pah had his reasons for splitting us up , but that does n't make it easier to deal with now , '' cleo observed . 
 `` and neither of us had to live with what aunt lissa did , when we were little . 
 she must look like her mother , '' cleo added . 
 `` i do n't see much of em-pah there at all . '' 
 `` i wonder if em-pah will ever learn who his father was , '' kyler sighed . 
 `` he said his mother refused to tell him , and there 's a wall of power surrounding the information . 
 he ca n't get to it . '' 
 `` it bothers him , but we may never know who our great-grandfather was , '' cleo agreed . 
 `` em-pah says he did n't ever look to see who lissa 's elemaiya grandmother was . 
 he says the wars between bright and dark have almost destroyed the race , and she may be dead anyway . 
 is flavio still mad ? '' 
 `` he asked me to spend the night with him , so i guess not , '' kyler hid a smile . 
 `` yeah , he 's not pretty or anything , '' cleo snickered , bumping her shoulder against her twin 's . 
 * * * cleo was right ; i was well rested after a long sleep-i 'd slept right through breakfast and drake and drew showed up after sparring with dragon and crane , hauling me out of bed , shoving me in the shower and then herding me toward the kitchen . 
 mike was waiting , and i had a plate of pancakes and bacon in front of me in very little time . 
 `` lissa , we heard you had a tough time , last night , '' devin walked in , receiving a peck from drake and drew as she sat down beside me . 
 `` i still do n't know what to do , '' i muttered , accepting a fresh cup of coffee from mike . 
 he 'd added cream and sugar , just the way i wanted it . 
 i sent mindspeech , telling him he was a god in the kitchen . 
 he snickered and went to make a cup of tea for devin . 
 `` m'fiyahs are never easy at first , especially if there are several manifesting at once . 
 kiarra had an easier time , since pheligar muted his for thousands of years , and hers with merrill was muted by griffin . '' 
 `` they can be muted ? '' 
 i stared at devin in shock . 
 `` not anymore , belen has forbidden it , '' devin stared at her hands . 
 mike placed a cup of tea in front of devin and she thanked him absently . 
 `` belen says there has been too much damage caused by muted and destroyed m'fiyahs . 
 in the past , some have been muted or destroyed , because one party or the other decided , without consent or knowledge , at times , of the other party . 
 the ability has been removed from all of the saa thalarr and only belen can do it , now . 
 he says he will only consider destroying a m'fiyah if both parties agree . '' 
 devin 's skin was flawless as i studied her face-she was fair-skinned and light red hair framed her delicate , oval face . 
 her blue eyes were troubled as she focused on me . 
 `` kiarra wants gracie and me to bring you over this morning . 
 gryphon hall , adam 's ancestral home , is only a few miles away . 
 we 'll fold you over . 
 kiarra wants to talk to you . 
 there 's something else you should know , too . 
 i 'm her daughter . 
 she and adam are my parents . '' 
 `` but the scent , '' i said before i thought . 
 `` i know about that . 
 mom and dad are n't my birth parents . 
 but they 're still my parents . '' 
 `` got , it , '' i said . 
 `` did n't mean to upset you . '' 
 `` i know , and you did n't , '' devin rubbed my back and smiled . 
 `` if they were my birth parents , it would make things awkward with justin . 
 they are his birth parents . '' 
 that admission made me blink-i had n't thought about that . 
 justin , adam and kiarra 's son , was one of devin and grace 's eleven mates . 
 `` m'fiyahs are usually easier on the guys-the love hits them immediately and they always want to hop in bed right away ; that 's just the way they are , '' devin shrugged . 
 drake and drew , sitting beside me , snickered and pretended to look the other way . 
 schmucks , i sent to both of them . 
 we 're crushed ; drake sent a smile with his mental words . 
 and it was n't awkward to be sitting there , discussing sex with the mother of the two who wanted to do the bed hopping . 
 `` so , how should i dress ? '' 
 i 'd slipped into jeans and a pullover earlier . 
 `` you 're fine , '' devin said . 
 that 's how i ended up at gryphon hall later , after i finished eating and brushing my teeth . 
 devin would n't allow drake and drew to come along , though i was wishing they might come for moral support . 
 i had no idea what kiarra might want , and if my guesses were correct , she was the queen bee for the saa thalarr , even though dragon and grace were now co-firsts . 
 `` i just ate , '' i waved off kiarra 's offer of something to eat or drink . 
 she and fox were in adam 's library-it was as large as merrill 's had been when i 'd lived with him , three centuries ago . 
 it made me wonder what his manor looked like now , and whether it had changed through the years . 
 comfortable furniture was scattered in a seating area , surrounding a wide , low table . 
 everything-from the sofas and chairs to the table and the handmade rugs beneath our feet screamed money-lots of money . 
 `` i wanted to talk to you about several things , before we get to the difficult matters , '' kiarra 's platinum blonde hair was pulled back in an attractive braid . 
 if she 'd left it loose , it would probably hang to her waist . 
 her blue eyes held concern and a slight frown tugged at her pretty mouth . 
 she was n't tall-maybe an inch or two taller than i. i did n't measure her might in her stature , though , and anybody who did might have a real surprise coming their way . 
 power clouded about her-it was so tangible i could almost see it . 
 if i turned to mist , i would definitely see it . 
 `` what things ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i felt pain coming , and twisted my fingers together . 
 `` stop that . '' 
 fox sat beside me and pulled one of my hands into hers . 
 i 'd sat by myself on a small sofa , while grace and devin sat opposite me . 
 kiarra had been standing the entire time , but she sat , now . 
 i stared at fox-she knew i was shaky . 
 `` we quarter bloods have to stick together , '' she offered a perky grin . 
 `` wlodek must have gone crazy when he first met you , '' i blurted . 
 `` he did . 
 he had no idea how to handle this , '' she laughed , her short , black curls bouncing a little . 
 `` but we had a m'fiyah , and he figured out soon enough he could n't do without me . '' 
 `` lissa , '' kiarra interrupted us . 
 `` i know you loved franklin . 
 i was with him when he died . 
 he was eighty-three . '' 
 i drew in a sharp breath and my mouth was suddenly dry . 
 frank lived twenty years after i disappeared . 
 `` sixty years ago , belen came to merrill and me , '' kiarra went on . 
 i was now staring at her , the pain for franklin settling in my heart . 
 `` belen said it was time for franklin and jeff to be reborn . 
 jeffrey was one of merrill 's vampire children that he lost before he met you , '' kiarra explained . 
 `` belen gave us a choice , merrill and me . 
 he said both could be reborn to us , as our natural children , or born to others . 
 that decision was an easy one to make . 
 they came to us , as twins . 
 neither remembers their former lives , although that has a great deal to do with who and what they are , now . '' 
 kiarra blew out a sigh . 
 i chewed my lower lip , my heart beating painfully in my chest . 
 fox squeezed my hand . 
 `` jeff , before merrill made him vampire in the early 1900s , was a medical student . 
 he contracted the deadly influenza sweeping the u.s. at the time . 
 merrill turned him before he died . 
 jeff is the only vampire born vampire . 
 and he now has several medical degrees and does charity work in that field , in addition to being a healer for the saa thalarr . '' 
 `` and he does n't remember , '' i muttered , staring at my hand that was gripped tightly by both of fox 's . 
 `` no . 
 franklin has architecture and engineering degrees , this time , '' a smile lit kiarra 's face . 
 she was speaking of her children , and proud of them , as any mother might be . 
 `` he is also a healer for us , but he could build a house or a bridge or a skyscraper if he wanted . 
 he also knows his way around a kitchen , but one of his mates , shane , is a better cook than any of us . 
 if shane makes barbecue , merrill is first in line . '' 
 `` one of his mates ? '' 
 i watched kiarra closely . 
 `` both are mated to tomas . '' 
 `` is frank happy ? 
 this time ? '' 
 i sniffled , i could n't help it . 
 my frank was gone . 
 i did n't get to say goodbye to him , either . 
 `` lissa , shane is greg , reborn . 
 conner , my half-sister says so . 
 and as she 's the guardian , she would know . 
 they 're all happy . '' 
 `` we 'll explain about the guardian some other time , '' grace said gently . 
 fox pulled in a box of tissues and handed it to me . 
 i wiped tears away . 
 `` i gave information to franklin and greg , before . '' 
 griffin folded into the library , accompanied by merrill and adam . 
 kiarra , grace and devin folded away . 
 fox patted my hand , gave me a watery smile-she was nearly in tears , and folded away . 
 `` what the f ** k do you want ? '' 
 i muttered at griffin . 
 i was n't speaking to merrill . 
 chapter 9 `` i told franklin and greg , more than three hundred years ago , that things would come out better this way , if they refused to allow merrill to make the turn , '' griffin sighed . 
 `` franklin asked back then , so i answered . 
 i said their lives would be all right-but only all right , if they became vampire . 
 but if they lived their lives and waited for rebirth , then things would be better . '' 
 `` you did this . '' 
 i refused to look at griffin . 
 he 'd manipulated so many things , including my death . 
 `` but you did n't see me coming back , did you ? '' 
 i was n't sure how i knew it , but i did . 
 `` no . 
 you were dead , lissa . 
 belen says it . 
 the ones above him say it . 
 some of them know why you 're here now , but they had no hand in making it happen . '' 
 `` they should have left me dead , '' i muttered , wiping dampness from my cheeks . 
 my pile of used tissues was growing . 
 `` belen says i have to make this next admission to you , because what i did-what merrill and i did , was wrong . 
 you already despise us , and this will only make things worse , '' griffin raked fingers through thick , light-brown hair . 
 his hazel eyes darted in my direction-once . 
 whatever he was about to say-he was ashamed of it . 
 merrill , too , had arms crossed over his chest and was staring at his shoes . 
 `` i told merrill , after wlodek asked him to teach you years ago , '' griffin began , `` that he-merrill-would have a m'fiyah with you . '' 
 my breath stopped . 
 `` i was obsessed with kiarra , lissa , '' merrill 's voice was rough and he still refused to meet my gaze . 
 just as well , i was gawping like a fool . 
 `` i did n't want anything to interfere with my love for kiarra , '' merrill continued . 
 `` so i asked griffin to destroy the m'fiyah with you . 
 in his defense , he asked me three times if that was what i wanted . 
 i still insisted . 
 he destroyed the m'fiyah . 
 without my seeing you , without our consulting you , or doing anything to help you through it afterward . 
 we allowed that pain to live in you , lissa . 
 this is our punishment , for doing that . 
 belen wo n't allow the destruction of a m'fiyah , or even the muting of one , any longer , unless both parties agree . '' 
 well , now i knew why devin had explained it earlier . 
 `` this is your punishment ? 
 admitting it now ? '' 
 i was on my feet and stifling a sob . 
 `` fuck both of you . 
 and do n't ever say that you care about me . 
 ever . 
 that 's the biggest lie , and you 're not supposed to be able to lie . '' 
 i misted away . 
 * * * i learned , after misting there , that the cliffs of dover were now a very protected place , and one might see them best from a hoverboat in the sea . 
 transportation had certainly changed-i saw that quickly . 
 i was glad i 'd kept my credit chip necklace on-that 's how i paid to get aboard the tourist boat . 
 now i stood at the rail , staring at the white cliffs in the distance and wiping away tears . 
 i 'd cared about merrill once-now i knew why . 
 and he 'd sabotaged it , repeatedly . 
 he and griffin , together , had done terrible harm to me . 
 one of them refused me , sight unseen , and the other manipulated my birth and death . 
 how was i supposed to forgive that ? 
 how ? 
 it has become my philosophy , over the years , that anger is a heavy burden , and it is better to let it go than carry it around . 
 perhaps i 'd forgiven too much through my life , but i preferred that to the alternative . 
 until now , there was only one person who would never have my forgiveness , and that person was howard graham . 
 merrill and griffin had just joined him . 
 `` your father and your intended mate never thought things might come to this . '' 
 he shone beside me . 
 and power ? 
 i 'd never felt so much of it . 
 `` one of them never expected you to live and remember , the other never thought to admit his deed . 
 now you know of both . 
 what you do with that information is your choice . 
 i am belen , '' he smiled down at me . 
 he was tall . 
 and in corporeal form , he had pale hair and blinding white eyes . 
 i found myself staring at belen of the nameless ones . 
 `` intended mate , '' i huffed . 
 merrill made a choice , shoving me in gavin 's direction . 
 and then he 'd never interfered , when i was beaten by the council or when i suffered from gavin 's bouts of anger . 
 no , gavin had n't realized how much that anger had cost me-until he 'd caused me to break on a september night at camp david . 
 now , he did n't remember me or anything we 'd had between us . 
 `` merrill belonged with you , lissa . 
 and he had that bond destroyed . 
 it is costing him , now . 
 as much as he might wish to restore it , that wish will not be granted by my kind . '' 
 `` what about gavin ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` he also was yours . 
 neither will that bond be restored by my kind . '' 
 i dropped to my knees and wept . 
 `` i only said it would not be restored by my kind . '' 
 belen disappeared . 
 * * * `` what did we damage ? '' 
 merrill asked with a sigh . 
 kiarra had just come from a meeting with belen . 
 `` a m'fiyah with you would have meant lissa 's membership in the saa thalarr . 
 now , belen says another path is opening before her . 
 one he barely understands . 
 she wo n't ever come to us . 
 and she could have done so much , too . '' 
 kiarra shook her head . 
 `` we could send her after the worst of the worst , merrill , and it would be child 's play to her . 
 there are no rules about bringing natural talent into the saa thalarr . '' 
 `` i did n't know , '' merrill muttered . 
 `` griffin could have said something . 
 he did n't , '' kiarra snapped . 
 `` now , lissa 's pissed at both of you , and we have no idea where she is . 
 belen would n't tell me earlier , and drake and drew are going crazy . 
 shadow grey has sent mindspeech six times . 
 i have no idea what to do about that . '' 
 * * * a spring rain poured down as i strode angrily through the fields and grounds near merrill 's old manor . 
 i knew what i searched for , and i walked instead of misting there . 
 the cold rain and exercise would help clear my mind . 
 at least i hoped it would . 
 the gate was there , and i stared at the spot just outside it , where rene died . 
 no memorial had been placed . 
 no flowers . 
 no pile of stones or any other thing to remember him by . 
 he only lived in my memory , now . 
 `` rene , what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 i dropped to my knees . 
 my hair hung in wet strands about my face and my clothing dripped water as i hugged myself and wept . 
 * * * `` franklin ? '' 
 frank lifted his head-he 'd been working at a drafting table inside his workshop . 
 his twin brother , jeff , asked him to design a charity clinic for the jungles on ooblerik . 
 the indigent population was growing ; the government ignored the poor in the cities as well as the aborigines in their southern jungles . 
 jeff and karzac were in those jungles now , immunizing children against a disease destroying their numbers . 
 franklin had to design something that would fit with the local architecture , and still hold the examination rooms and spaces for supplies that jeff requested . 
 franklin added a few hospital rooms to the structure-he feared they might be needed . 
 `` conner ? '' 
 frank asked , although he should have known better than to say conner 's name-the guardian was present , and bore little resemblance to conner 's normal form . 
 white , shifting flames regarded him with piercing eyes . 
 `` go to this place . 
 now . '' 
 the guardian 's eyes were filled with light and an image was placed in franklin 's mind . 
 frank knew the place-the old gate was there-the one griffin closed so merrill 's property would remain safe . 
 only griffin and the saa thalarr ever used it now , and that only sparingly-they could fold space , after all . 
 `` of course . '' 
 franklin dropped his screen stylus-his drafting table was a computer and everything he designed was digital . 
 more instructions filtered into franklin 's mind , even as he folded away . 
 * * * he was merrill 's son . 
 and kiarra 's - the scent told me that as he knelt beside me . 
 he 'd shown up as i sobbed my heart out , rocking on the cold ground outside the gate on his father 's property . 
 `` go away , '' i stuttered . 
 the rain was cold and i was frozen , my teeth chattering . 
 did i expect him to look so much like merrill ? 
 no . 
 and he was n't vampire . 
 this was franklin . 
 the one who did n't remember me . 
 and he did n't look or smell like my frank , either . 
 `` lissa ? '' 
 franklin lifted my face to stare into his . 
 * * * flavio studied the electronic reports he 'd received from contacts in the u.s. . 
 there were increasing numbers of disappearances in california , most concentrated along the coast between los angeles and monterey . 
 tourist season had begun ; vacationers and instate visitors were flocking to the coastal areas for the beach and cooler temperatures . 
 eight humans had disappeared in the last two weeks and there were no clues to be had . 
 the local authorities were confused-no bodies had been found and the last to disappear was a father and his fourteen-year-old son two days earlier . 
 normally flavio 's suspicions would n't be raised-humans often went crazy and killed . 
 but there was a thriving community of vampires in the area-they also liked the cooler temperatures and misty nights when they came . 
 there 'd been a marked decrease in orders of blood substitute recently-and that fact had not gone unnoticed by the two vampires in charge of distributing supplies to the locals . 
 `` who do we have ? '' 
 flavio looked up at charles , who 'd been tidying up . 
 `` you want to send somebody to the california coast ? '' 
 charles asked . 
 `` yes . 
 and soon . '' 
 `` gavin and anthony are the only ones available . 
 they can go . 
 may i make a suggestion , though ? '' 
 charles offered flavio a hopeful glance . 
 `` i suppose , '' flavio looked up at his vampire child , who 'd accepted a position as spawn hunter for the saa thalarr . 
 flavio did n't understand how charles kept up with all his duties . 
 charles claimed it was all worth it to be able to eat normal food and walk in daylight . 
 of course , being able to fold space anywhere was worth it , too , according to charles . 
 `` ask lissa to go with them . 
 father , you have no idea how fast she can deal with something like this . 
 if vampires are involved , that 's a lot of people they 're taking . 
 it needs to stop quickly , if that 's what is happening . '' 
 `` you do n't need to tell me that , '' flavio held his head . 
 `` how do we ask her ? '' 
 charles smiled at flavio 's question . 
 * * * `` drink this . '' 
 i was wrapped in a heated blanket and franklin and shane were tending me . 
 tomas , their third mate , handed over a mug of hot soup . 
 they 'd tried to explain , frank and shane , that conner , as the guardian , had shown them their past years ago . 
 she held that power , frank said . 
 the guardian escorted lost souls to the other side-that was one of the things she did . 
 franklin looked exactly like merrill , with black hair and piercing blue eyes . 
 shane , well , he was shorter than greg , with sandy blond hair , brown eyes and a quick grin . 
 `` mom and dad do n't have a clue , and the guardian said to keep the information to ourselves . 
 she said we 'd know someday why it was given to us , '' frank 's smile could twist anybody 's heart . 
 `` frankie , i missed you , '' i sniffled . 
 `` i 'm not sure i can get used to calling you shane , '' i turned to the reincarnated greg . 
 `` i know , baby girl , '' frank put his arms around me . 
 `` you need to stop shivering . 
 this is n't good for you . '' 
 `` crying is n't good for you either , '' shane pointed out dryly . 
 `` does my face look awful ? '' 
 i worried my lower lip . 
 `` lissa , you 've never looked better to me in my life , '' shane grinned . 
 `` how much do you remember ? '' 
 i searched his face . 
 `` everything , '' his grin widened . 
 `` and he does n't mind talking about it , '' tomas interrupted . 
 he was smiling , too , so it was n't a problem . 
 tomas had an asian heritage with a lovely nose , dark eyes and a square jaw . 
 `` we just ca n't spill the beans with mom and dad , '' franklin cautioned . 
 `` i wo n't be talking to your father , '' i muttered , drinking my soup . 
 `` yeah . 
 i heard , '' frank sighed . 
 * * * `` baby , we were scared to death . '' 
 drew lifted me and almost cracked a rib ; he hugged me so hard . 
 frank , shane and tomas had finally gotten me warmed up and convinced me to return to the villa . 
 i 'd learned that conner , when she looked human , that is , was married to martin walters , russell , will , graegar , barrigar and lynx , one of the saa thalarr i had n't met . 
 frank laughed at me as i stared at him in shock-he 'd attempted to explain who was mated to whom . 
 it was overwhelming , and i still wanted to know what being married to a larentii was like . 
 `` drew , i ca n't breathe , '' i wheezed . 
 he kissed me when he set me down , and then drake moved his brother aside and did exactly the same . 
 i had no idea what to do with both of them . 
 i knew what they wanted to do with me , though-that had been evident when they hugged me . 
 frank , shane and tomas all got a hug before they left , and drake and drew herded me straight into the kitchen for more food . 
 `` no more of this freezing shit , '' mike muttered as he thumped a mug of hot tea in front of me . 
 `` i got mindspeech from conner . 
 you do n't ignore mindspeech from conner . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to get you in trouble , '' i sighed , staring at my mug of tea . 
 `` you did n't . 
 but conner has a way of pointing out how you have n't been treated with the proper respect . 
 while she 's conner , that 's no problem . 
 if it 's the guardian , she 'll scare the holy hell out of you . '' 
 `` and he 's not speaking metaphorically , '' drake draped an arm around my shoulders . 
 plates of food were passed around , dragon and crane appeared and we ate . 
 franklin , shane and tomas , followed by drake and drew , had helped a bad day turn into a not so bad day . 
 * * * i was shocked to find charles sitting on my bed when i came out of the bathroom later , dressed in pjs and brushing my teeth . 
 i 'd had to push drake and drew out my bedroom door-they wanted to stay . 
 hold on , i sent mindspeech to charles and went back to rinse out my mouth . 
 charles would n't be asking for sex . 
 not from me . 
 besides , he was fully dressed . 
 i imagine that kifirin , or even drake or drew , would be either naked or mostly so if they 'd been on my bed . 
 and not in a sitting position , either . 
 `` what is it , charles ? '' 
 i asked , walking out of the bathroom again . 
 at least i did n't look like a foaming , rabid animal this time . 
 `` we have a problem in california , '' charles got right to business . 
 `` we can wrap this up quickly if you help . '' 
 `` what 's the problem ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` locals and tourists are disappearing on the coast between l.a. and monterey . 
 eight that we know of , in the last two weeks , '' charles said , his hazel eyes reflecting the concern in his voice . 
 `` people have been warned and they 're taking extra precautions , but they 're disappearing anyway . 
 and we 've gotten word from the vampires that run the council 's blood substitute banks . 
 they 've seen a drop in orders from the area . 
 flavio 's worried that some of ours have gone rogue . '' 
 `` you ca n't do that looking thing to find this out ? '' 
 i asked , sitting on the bed next to charles . 
 `` not allowed to use it for this . 
 it 's one of the conditions of keeping my job with the council . 
 i ca n't use those abilities ; it 's unethical . 
 i can only use what i have normally . '' 
 charles offered a crooked grin and rubbed my back . 
 `` that 's got ta suck . 
 when do you want me to go ? '' 
 i 'd already made up my mind . 
 `` it 'll be dark there in another four hours . 
 can you be packed and ready to go in a few minutes ? '' 
 `` how are you going to get me there ? '' 
 `` hey , three hundred years have passed-we 're way more efficient in travel these days , '' charles 's grin widened . 
 `` it 'll take little more than an hour , and most of that time will be taken up in getting you to the ship station . 
 after that , you 'll just orbit over . 
 the pods do n't have windows anyway , so it 's a great way for vamps to travel . '' 
 `` this is a low earth orbit ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's great . 
 the pods dock at stations positioned around the globe and then you 're taken down to the ground . 
 neat , huh ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 neat . 
 thank goodness i can mist if i have to , '' i said . 
 `` you wo n't need to . 
 it 's really safe . 
 you 'll be going with gavin and tony . 
 i 'll wait while you pack . '' 
 if i had n't already said i 'd go , i would have said no right then . 
 tony would n't be so bad , but gavin ? 
 he did n't want anything to do with me and i was n't prepared for contemptuous scowls from my former vampire husband . 
 `` what about the family dinner at grey house ? '' 
 i asked , trying to find an excuse to wriggle out of going . 
 `` cleo said she and kyler would come get me and take me to grey house . '' 
 wherever that was . 
 `` they can come get you wherever you are-just send mindspeech . 
 do n't fret , '' charles reassured me . 
 `` do this , lissa . 
 you can get this over with quickly ; i just know it . 
 anybody else will take twice as long . '' 
 `` i 'll need a bag-i do n't have anything , '' i grumped . 
 i 'd said yes ; now charles was holding me to my word . 
 `` give me a few minutes , '' charles said . 
 `` do n't go anywhere , '' he turned , pointing a finger at me and grinning . 
 he folded away . 
 man , i wanted to do that . 
 i dressed while charles was gone and he was back in less than five minutes with two bags in his hands . 
 `` did you get those from wlodek 's basement , too ? '' 
 charles looked at me with a puzzled expression , until he remembered . 
 i 'd gotten some expensive luggage from him the first time we 'd met . 
 he claimed it came from wlodek 's basement . 
 `` just pack casual clothes , maybe four or five days ' worth , '' he instructed . 
 i was folding and arranging quickly . 
 toiletries i 'd bought in london were now being packed into a bag . 
 `` good enough , '' charles said when everything was loaded in and the bags closed . 
 zippers still worked , i noticed . 
 then , before i could change my mind , he folded me to flavio , who patiently waited in wlodek 's old study . 
 `` gavin and anthony will meet you at the london station , '' flavio informed me when charles and i arrived . 
 he still did n't remember me , but the mask was in place . 
 charles had talked him into this , i could tell . 
 `` i 'll take her in , '' charles said . 
 `` are we driving or folding ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i remembered rides in charles ' car-he always drove like a maniac . 
 `` i 'll fold you in , '' charles said . 
 `` and i have id for you , '' he held up a tiny chip . 
 `` unfortunately , this has to be placed beneath the skin . 
 ren is coming to do this for you . '' 
 `` i like renegar , '' i said . 
 actually , i 'd liked all the larentii i 'd met and i could n't explain that . 
 i had n't seen any more of them , either , since that first night at the villa . 
 i was looking forward to seeing renegar again . 
 `` this is the little queen ? '' 
 a larentii i had n't seen before folded in with renegar . 
 `` ferrigar , '' flavio stood and nodded to the new larentii . 
 `` this is the little queen ; anyway that 's what my sources tell me . 
 charles seems very sure of her , and i trust my child . '' 
 `` if you had witnessed what she did upon kifirin , you would have no doubts , sanguis rex , '' renegar said , taking the microchip from charles by floating it off his finger with power . 
 `` little one , '' he turned to me , `` this will not hurt at all . '' 
 he placed the chip on the inside of my wrist and we both watched as it sank into the skin . 
 `` that 's amazing , '' i breathed . 
 `` i find you amazing , little queen , '' ferrigar the larentii came to stand beside me . 
 `` seldom have i seen any creature i could not detect by using my power , yet that is how it is with you . 
 we find you fascinating , little one . 
 we may wish to study you , sometime . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 they 'll just stand around looking at you and communicating silently , '' charles said . 
 `` unless you get pregnant . 
 then they 'll have their hands on you , but that wo n't hurt , either . '' 
 `` i ca n't get pregnant so that wo n't happen , '' i said , examining the smooth skin of my wrist . 
 i could n't tell where the chip was at all . 
 `` come on then , i 'll take you to the station , '' charles said , lifting my bags . 
 he had me folded away in very little time . 
 * * * `` the tracking chip has been placed , along with the identification chip , '' renegar informed griffin later . 
 griffin breathed a relieved sigh . 
 `` only the larentii will be able to detect the beacon , so she will be safe , and we will not track her unless it becomes a necessity , '' renegar went on . 
 griffin nodded . 
 the thought terrified him that none of them could find lissa anywhere . 
 they 'd all been blinded to her , now . 
 at least the larentii could find her and that eased his mind . 
 when she 'd disappeared earlier , he worried that she 'd disappeared for good . 
 the information he and merrill were forced to deliver guaranteed that lissa would never forgive either of them . 
 * * * `` i do not like this , '' gavin grumbled . 
 tony watched as gavin fretted , which was completely uncharacteristic of the two thousand-year-old vampire . 
 gavin had the stone face and non-expression the oldest vampires mastered , but now the facade was beginning to crack . 
 `` you do n't have to deal with her if you do n't want to-i 'll do it , '' tony offered . 
 gavin stared at tony , unable to decide whether he appreciated that or not . 
 gavin growled softly . 
 tony did n't bother him again . 
 `` here we are , '' charles walked in with lissa , her bags in his hands . 
 * * * gavin was at his surly best-i could see that right away . 
 i knew the look ; i 'd dealt with it before . 
 i did n't say anything to him or tony ; i just sighed instead and took a seat on a nearby bank of chairs . 
 three hundred years had gone past and seating had n't improved one bit at the airport . 
 `` they 'll call your flight and you 'll load onto the shuttle , which will take you to the pod station , '' charles explained quietly , sitting beside me . 
 `` i 'll stay until you 're called . '' 
 `` thanks , charles , '' i gave him a weak smile . 
 yeah , i was going to get this over with quickly-no way i wanted to hang around the grumpy vampire . 
 it made my heart ache to watch him . 
 a part of me had been torn away and nothing could fill the void . 
 once again , i wondered why i was still alive . 
 `` here , '' charles pulled a handkerchief from his inside jacket pocket and handed it to me . 
 i wore a jacket , so i slipped the square of silk into a pocket . 
 it might be needed soon if i did n't get my mind off gavin . 
 our flight was called shortly after ; charles pecked me on the cheek and i followed gavin and tony to the door where the passengers were loading into the shuttle . 
 this was a new experience for me . 
 the shuttle took us to the pod station and we were loaded into a bullet-shaped pod quickly , once we arrived . 
 there were no windows on the pod , but each seat back held a vid screen where we could watch the entire journey -lrb- if we wanted -rrb- . 
 i was mesmerized . 
 the pod detached and i watched my screen in fascination as we hurtled through space-i saw the earth curving below us-clouds in swirls across oceans-everything . 
 i 'd never held any hope of doing anything like this , yet here i was . 
 tony and gavin were bored-i imagine they 'd done this too many times to count and it was old , now . 
 they sat together ; i was seated across the aisle , next to an executive who 'd been in london , negotiating a contract . 
 now he was traveling back to l.a. . 
 he was also asking me out before the flight was over , and it was n't that long to begin with . 
 `` no , thanks , i 'm working , '' i told him as gently as i could . 
 `` well , if you ever need anything , '' he handed me a business card . 
 he was a lawyer , just as i thought . 
 his recycled , holographic plastic card said so . 
 i smiled and waved as he left the pod ahead of me . 
 i waited for gavin and tony , pulled my own bags out of the overhead bin -lrb- the bins were huge and were the only cargo space the pod had -rrb- and followed my two vampires . 
 for me , it had only been a few months since i 'd seen them-only a short while since rene and greg died and xenides breathed his last . 
 for gavin and tony , that had been three hundred years ago . 
 it was difficult to wrap my head around . 
 the rental waiting for us was a hovercraft , with a cruising speed of two hundred fifty miles per hour . 
 that was n't scary or anything . 
 gavin drove ; i sat in the back . 
 he still had n't said a word to me ; tony was the one telling me where i needed to go or what i had to do . 
 he used mindspeech a couple of times , too , just to keep me from making mistakes . 
 i was grateful for that . 
 the usual safe house waited for us , on a hill overlooking morro bay . 
 morro rock shone in the water below us as i stood on the wide , safe house deck . 
 `` this is beautiful , '' i whispered to myself-tony and gavin had already gone to the basement . 
 dark clouds hung over the water west of the safe house , but the city twinkled below and i wondered if i could visit sometime when i was n't working . 
 the old gavin would have been at my shoulder , calling me cara and kissing my neck . 
 what had happened and why had they forgotten me ? 
 i had no explanation for that or any other part of my recent life . 
 maybe i 'd ask griffin someday what he was thinking . 
 when i could bring myself to speak to him . 
 `` i have n't been here in a while , '' tony said behind me . 
 `` who will have the records of all the disappearances ? '' 
 i asked , refusing to turn around . 
 `` gavin has them , '' he said , coming to stand beside me . 
 `` you think i 'm going to ask him ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 i was still staring out at the ocean . 
 the moon was a sliver , peeking through shifting clouds and hanging low over the water . 
 i recalled that i did n't know what day it was . 
 nobody had been standing by with a watch or calendar when i 'd come back to myself on kifirin . 
 `` the local police will have it in their computer records , '' tony offered an alternative . 
 `` i 'll go find the police station , then , '' i said . 
 `` maybe they 'll have something gavin does n't have . '' 
 `` there 's definitely something gavin does n't have , '' tony said softly . 
 `` his choice , '' i said and misted away . 
 `` you can pull up all the public records right here if you scan your id , '' an officer informed me when i walked into the police station half an hour later . 
 i 'd asked a helpful delivery truck driver for directions to the station . 
 i scanned my new id and got into all the news and recent records quickly-computers were simple to operate in the future . 
 the only thing i found in common with all the disappearances was that all the victims had been going to the beach . 
 the father and son who 'd disappeared last had gone surfing . 
 they 'd failed to come home for dinner that evening as they 'd promised . 
 i watched a video interview with two wives , who were pleading for the release of their husband and son . 
 i then watched a video interview with relatives of the next disappearances . 
 `` she was only going to pismo for the day , '' the distraught father said . 
 this young woman was nineteen and both the father and mother were weeping in front of the camera . 
 it was heartbreaking to watch . 
 the media was n't any different from when i 'd seen them last-going for every tear and heartrending situation they could . 
 i was mentally keeping track of the disappearances , too . 
 the three most recent were in the pismo and morro bay area . 
 before that , the disappearances had occurred north of there-near monterey and san luis obispo . 
 looked like the killer or kidnapper was heading south . 
 i was n't sure all of them happened at night , either . 
 call it a feeling , but the victims had gone out in daylight and most of them were expected home that night . 
 they 'd just never shown up . 
 according to the police and the media reports , no evidence had been collected . 
 `` find what you need ? '' 
 the policeman was back , a cup of coffee in his hands . 
 `` some , '' i nodded . 
 `` i 'm visiting the area and want to make sure i 'm doing everything i can so this wo n't happen to me . '' 
 `` good idea , '' he said . 
 his nametag said sergeant whitaker . 
 he looked to be in his forties and wore a wedding band . 
 i was n't interested anyway ; i had more angst than i could handle on my emotional plate as it was . 
 `` just get in tonight ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i nodded . 
 i figured he could check my id in the computer and find out whether that was true or not . 
 `` there was n't a bit of evidence , '' he sighed , settling onto a seat at the kiosk next to mine . 
 `` nothing . 
 like they were snatched from the air . '' 
 he fluttered his fingers . 
 `` just-gone , '' he added . 
 sergeant whitaker 's words made my skin itch . 
 `` do you think the victims were on the beach or in the water ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do n't know , '' he scrubbed his face with a free hand . 
 he had a bit of beard showing . 
 `` long day ? '' 
 i asked sympathetically . 
 `` double shift-we 're having trouble with this , '' he sighed . 
 `` there 's an average of one disappearance every twenty hours or so . 
 and we 've got extra patrols on the beaches ; nobody is out at night like they used to be . '' 
 `` how long has it been since they stopped going out at night ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` at least a week , '' he replied , sipping his coffee . 
 there 'd been five disappearances since then-the father and son the last ones . 
 `` this is the damnedest thing , '' he muttered . 
 i nodded in agreement-it was the damnedest thing . 
 `` i have a question , '' i said . 
 sergeant whitaker quirked an eyebrow at me . 
 his eyebrows were on the bushy side and his dark hair was threaded with gray . 
 hazards of the job , i 'm sure . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` has anything else been disappearing ? 
 animals or anything ? '' 
 the more i learned about the disappearances , the more convinced i became that vampires were n't involved . 
 it sounded predatory , but it was much too close to daylight , if not during daylight hours , that these humans were taken . 
 `` a farmer up the coast filed a report because some of his cattle were stolen . 
 we have n't had time to investigate the theft , though-we 've been too busy with this . 
 here , '' he reached over and tapped a few keys . 
 `` something like this-you can pull up the police report ; it has n't been investigated yet and since it 's a theft , it 's public record anyway . '' 
 i nodded and began to read the report . 
 at least they were electronically recorded now-no hastily scribbled notes to decipher . 
 the address of the cattle ranch was listed , so i committed it to memory . 
 four cows were missing . 
 that sounded weird-why would they only steal four cows ? 
 i even said it out loud . 
 `` i do n't have the answer to that ; you 'd think they 'd get as many as they could , '' sergeant whitaker said . 
 i agreed with him . 
 `` we do n't have time to worry about cows now . '' 
 he rose stiffly . 
 `` got ta get back to work , '' he said . 
 `` thanks for your help , '' i smiled at him . 
 he had laugh lines around his eyes , i noticed , and he had a nice smile . 
 `` stay away from the beach if you can , '' he cautioned and walked away . 
 chapter 10 `` where the hell have you been ? '' 
 that part of gavin had n't changed , and it was the part i wished was still gone . 
 `` i went to the police station to use the public computer kiosk , '' i said , walking past him into the dining area of the basement . 
 `` i do n't think we 're dealing with vampires . '' 
 that statement brought a disbelieving glare from gavin . 
 `` think what you like , '' i shrugged off his annoyance . 
 `` i 'm going out in the morning to see what i can find . 
 a rancher not far from here lost four cows six days ago and that happened on a day when no humans disappeared . 
 i 'm wondering if other cattle or animals have disappeared on days when no humans came up missing . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 tony came over as i pulled out a chair and sat at the tiny kitchen table . 
 `` too many of these disappearances happened too close to daylight . 
 and the officer i talked to said there was no evidence left behind-it seems as though the people were snatched from the air . '' 
 `` you still do not know it is n't vampires , '' gavin growled . 
 `` not a hundred percent , '' i conceded . 
 `` but i do n't think it is . 
 there . 
 are you willing to accept that ? 
 i 'm going to bed . 
 did you take the bedroom closest to the door , like always ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` yes , how did you know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you always take that one , '' i said . 
 `` do i get a bedroom , or am i sleeping on the sofa ? '' 
 i got up to get my bags from the small living area . 
 `` you get the third bedroom down the hall on the right , '' gavin grumped . 
 `` thanks , honey , '' i said as i walked past him . 
 gavin growled at me in reply . 
 tony and i shared a bathroom , looked like . 
 i brushed my teeth -lrb- again -rrb- and went to bed . 
 gavin and tony were sound asleep when i woke around eight the next morning . 
 i showered , dressed and misted right through the ceiling . 
 the cafe i found served breakfast , and you could read the electronic newspaper or watch the local news on a small screen at the table while you had your meal or coffee . 
 i did both . 
 the newspaper came first and i went to the lists of calls for burglaries and the like . 
 more cattle were missing ; another report had been made after i 'd left the police station the night before . 
 the rancher did n't know how long they 'd been missing . 
 i got the address off that one , too . 
 the local news came next , and while i sat there having scrambled eggs and bacon , i learned that two more humans were missing ; a teenage couple this time . 
 their small vehicle was shown on the news , its folding top pushed back , leaving the interior open . 
 it was a convertible hovercraft . 
 `` they left the house early this morning , '' a relative said . 
 they 'd certainly been snatched in daylight and whatever was taking these victims was now grabbing two at a time . 
 how did that figure into the equation ? 
 i used my money chip to pay . 
 no tips were accepted nowadays and there was n't any way to leave a tip . 
 i thanked my waitress anyway , after asking where i could find a map . 
 i had to buy a small , handheld electronic map that had everything on it you could possibly want . 
 nobody made paper anything now unless it could n't be helped . 
 the first ranch address was entered ; the gadget pulled up an image of where i was and where i needed to be . 
 the little map would have given me turn-by-turn directions on how to get where i wanted to go , so i confused the hell out of it when i found a shadowy corner and turned to mist , flying in a straight line toward my destination . 
 my electronic map was telling me i 'd reached my location when i materialized a few minutes later . 
 i was grateful it was n't cursing me instead . 
 the location was higher in the mountains above the nearby city , fenced pasture lay all about me and there was a sprawling home in the distance . 
 i was standing at the edge of the road outside the ranch itself . 
 `` you lost ? '' 
 somebody pulled alongside me in a hovercar . 
 `` no , but thanks for asking , '' i said , shading my eyes against the midmorning glare to study the man . 
 faded blue eyes examined me from the dim interior of his vehicle . 
 red hair going to silver and a lined , leathery face told me he 'd been ranching for most of his life-he looked as if he 'd worked in the outdoors for years . 
 `` this is my ranch , '' he nodded toward the house in the distance . 
 `` did you lose cattle recently ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 you with the police ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm doing some private investigation on this . 
 i have a theory that the disappearances at the beach and your missing cattle are connected . '' 
 `` that 's a hell of a theory , '' the rancher said . 
 `` i ca n't say i see any connection , but the cops do n't have time to investigate my missing cows and i 'll take any help i can get . '' 
 `` do you know where your cows were when they disappeared ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` over on the southwest pasture . 
 i can give you a lift if you want ; i was going to check it again anyway . '' 
 `` sure , '' i said , climbing in on the passenger side of his vehicle . 
 it was exhilarating to rise above the fences and take off over the pastures . 
 `` somewhere around here , '' the rancher said , pointing toward a spot near the fence . 
 his name was john-he 'd told me while we drove-the golden-brown grasses below us whipping beneath the hovercar as we rushed along . 
 i 'd given him my first name , too . 
 i could n't see that it hurt anything . 
 i climbed out of the hovercar and sniffed around . 
 he 'd parked the vehicle near the fence and i headed toward the barbed wire structure . 
 there was a spot near the fence where the grass was beaten down , so i walked in that direction , just to check scents . 
 john came with me . 
 there were plenty of hoof prints there , as if the cattle had been frightened and churned the ground getting away . 
 john was busy examining the ground , but what hit me when we reached the fence was the smell . 
 well , stench would be a better word . 
 i wanted to hold my nose to keep from gagging as i moved closer to the barbed wire . 
 `` do you know what this might be ? '' 
 i pointed out what looked to be a piece of leather caught on a barbed spike . 
 `` no idea-kinda stinks though , does n't it ? 
 you do n't think that 's cowhide , do you ? '' 
 `` would n't it have hair if it was ? '' 
 i asked , holding my breath . 
 `` probably . 
 you think the rustlers were wearing leather ? 
 some people still do . '' 
 `` do n't know , but surely it would n't smell like that , '' i said , making a face . 
 turning my gaze westward , i could see the ocean in the distance , sparkling in the midday sun . 
 my skin itched . 
 * * * `` if you find anything , will you let me know ? '' 
 john asked as he set me on the road again . 
 `` sure , '' i nodded . 
 `` thanks for the tour . '' 
 he returned my nod and took off toward his house . 
 as soon as he was out of sight , i misted away , flying straight toward the section of beach where the teenage couple disappeared . 
 the police had the area blocked off for half a mile in every direction , and there were search boats in the water . 
 i wandered through the crime scene as mist ; no way could i have gotten in otherwise without using compulsion . 
 i would have had to use it many times , too ; police were everywhere and the fbi was present and involved . 
 i knew one of them was a werewolf as i misted past him . 
 hovering around the vehicle the teen couple was snatched from , i detected the slightest bit of stench about it . 
 i wondered if the werewolf had noticed the scent . 
 john had smelled it around his fence , and if a human could smell it , the werewolf had to have it too . 
 the werewolf was now leaving the scene , striding away and climbing into a vehicle farther down the beach . 
 i was taking a big chance , but there was always compulsion , was n't there ? 
 following him swiftly , i materialized in the seat beside him , causing him to jump as he prepared to drive away . 
 `` the same stench is on a fence where cattle disappeared two days ago , '' i said , right off . 
 the werewolf was so shocked he did n't think about going through the change . 
 `` where the f ** k did you come from ? '' 
 he hissed at me instead . 
 that hiss would have done any vampire proud . 
 `` i was mist , '' i said . 
 `` but that 's not important right now . 
 there 's a predator out there , and we need to find it . 
 do n't you find it interesting that at first single individuals were disappearing , and now they 're disappearing by twos ? '' 
 `` what the hell are you ? '' 
 the werewolf demanded . 
 he had red in his dark-brown hair , which curled crisply around his collar . 
 his light-brown eyes and finely shaped mouth frowned at me-he was still trying to determine what i was . 
 i 'd guess he was a russet colored wolf when he changed . 
 `` somebody who knows what you are and that you undoubtedly scented the stench around the vehicle . 
 do they still have the paranormal division of the fbi , or are you completely undercover ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they still have it and how the hell do you know about that ? '' 
 i had his curiosity raised , i could tell . 
 `` i knew the guy who started it , '' i shrugged . 
 `` that was a while back , '' he huffed and then turned to face me , shock in his eyes . 
 `` tell me what you are , '' he demanded . 
 `` something you may never see again , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm a vampire queen . 
 what does that tell you ? '' 
 `` i heard that was next to impossible , '' he turned away from me and stared out the tinted window of his vehicle . 
 `` i ca n't get a scent off you . 
 why is that ? '' 
 `` no idea , but ever since i came back from the dead , some people seem to have a problem with that . '' 
 `` why do you think two are disappearing now , instead of one ? '' 
 he was back to a previous question , and i could see he was worried about the increase in victims , just as i was . 
 `` i think that whatever is preying on these people-and cattle-is getting hungrier , somehow . '' 
 the werewolf growled softly as he jerked his head in a quick nod at my words . 
 he suspected , as did i that all these people were dead - that they 'd been consumed in some way . 
 `` it 's not a vampire , '' he muttered , staring through the windshield at the ocean beyond . 
 `` yeah . 
 i get that too , '' i said . 
 `` did the council send you ? 
 i did n't hear anything from our vamp agents . '' 
 `` the council sort of sent me-they asked for my help , '' i replied . 
 `` i 'm different from other vamps ; that 's why we 're having this conversation in daylight . '' 
 `` i already figured that out , '' he said , sarcasm coming through in his voice . 
 i deserved that , so i did n't say anything . 
 `` so , what now ? '' 
 he asked when i remained silent . 
 light-brown eyes assessed me , determining whether i might be a help or hindrance to him . 
 `` after lunch and a nap since i was up late last night , i may travel up the coast and see what else i can find . '' 
 `` take this , '' he handed a card to me . 
 `` call me if you find anything , all right ? '' 
 `` are you going to report me to anybody ? '' 
 i asked , flipping the thin , plastic card in my fingers . 
 it held a name and phone number only . 
 `` not yet . 
 do n't give me any reason . '' 
 `` oh , do n't you worry about that , '' i said and misted away . 
 the restaurant near the water had great clam chowder . 
 the bowl was almost empty when i pulled the werewolf 's card from my pocket . 
 joshua billings was his name , and he was listed as a special agent for the fbi . 
 i tucked the card into my jacket pocket again and paid for my meal . 
 the temperature outside was in the low sixties with heavy cloud cover coming in over the course of the afternoon , whereas the morning had been bright and sunny . 
 after misting from the ladies ' restroom to the safe house , i turned on the latest version of what passed for television and watched a national news program until i fell asleep on the sofa . 
 * * * gavin stood over the little queen , thinking it would only take a quick swipe with his claws and she 'd be ash . 
 he breathed a frustrated sigh and moved into the kitchen , pulling a bottle of blood substitute from the pantry . 
 he twisted the cap off and drank , waiting for anthony to finish showering . 
 * * * the sound of a bottle cap hitting the bottom of a wastebasket woke me from a deeper sleep than i 'd intended . 
 `` geez , what time is it ? '' 
 i mumbled , rubbing my eyes as i sat up on the sofa . 
 i had n't made my trip up the coast as planned-i 'd slept the afternoon away instead . 
 `` after eight , '' gavin growled . 
 his temper had n't improved any with his sleep . 
 `` the cattle disappearances are connected to the people disappearances , gavin , '' i said . 
 `` and two more are gone ; two teenagers as of this morning . 
 they were taken in daylight , so if it 's a vampire , it 's not any vampire i ever imagined ; the stench is unbelievable . '' 
 `` hey , lissa , '' tony came out of the bathroom freshly showered and smelling nice . 
 he did n't quite come up to gavin , but he still smelled good . 
 `` tony , '' i nodded to him . 
 `` what 's on the agenda for tonight ? '' 
 tony asked , getting a bottle of something from the pantry and unscrewing the top . 
 `` what is that stuff ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` blood substitute , '' tony said , holding the bottle out to me . 
 i got up and went to sniff it . 
 i ca n't say i liked the scent , but if it fed them , then i did n't have a problem with that . 
 `` how does it taste ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not so good , but it 's food , '' tony said . 
 i nodded my understanding . 
 `` hurry up , anthony , i wish to question relatives of the missing , '' gavin grumbled . 
 i did n't think that was going to help us out in the least , but i did n't say anything . 
 we went to see the two women who 'd lost their husband and son . 
 `` they just went surfing , '' one of the woman wept as gavin questioned her . 
 `` they left right after lunch on saturday and never came back . 
 they were only supposed to be gone four or five hours . '' 
 i handed her extra tissues ; she was n't in any shape to be answering questions like this . 
 `` did the police find anything-clothing or such ? '' 
 gavin asked . 
 `` their wetsuits were still in the car , '' the woman wiped away more tears . 
 she looked to be in her early forties to me , and stress and loss had made her normally pretty face haggard . 
 i knew that feeling , all right . 
 `` were the suits wet or dry ? '' 
 gavin asked . 
 that was the question i had so we were on the same wavelength about that , anyway . 
 `` still dry-they never made it into the water . '' 
 that told me they were taken in daylight . 
 gavin knew it , too . 
 he thanked the woman for her time and we left quickly . 
 gavin was on some sort of communicator as soon as we were inside our rental ; the communicator looked like a tiny cell phone and charles was on the other end in seconds . 
 `` charles , inform the honored one that this is not the work of a vampire , '' gavin said . 
 charles asked how he knew that . 
 `` the last two incidents happened in daylight , '' gavin said . 
 flavio 's voice came on , then . 
 `` you may return if you wish , '' flavio said . 
 `` i 'm not coming back until i get to the bottom of this , '' i said . 
 flavio heard . 
 `` lissa may do as she pleases , we have no control over her , '' he said . 
 nice of him to realize that . 
 `` i will be coming back , '' gavin growled , terminating the call . 
 `` you must find your own lodging , '' gavin informed me as he and tony packed to return to london . 
 they could get a pod out that evening , so they were going . 
 `` be happy to , '' i snapped . 
 it was one thing to be indifferent , another to be a total dickhead . 
 i went to my bedroom and threw what little i 'd unpacked into my bag , including my toiletries in the bathroom . 
 he can be a bit grumpy , tony sent . 
 you do n't have to make excuses for him , i returned , slamming my bags in the floor next to the upper floor steps . 
 i 'm well acquainted with gavin , inside and out . 
 i lifted my bags and misted the hell out of there . 
 i did n't even bother to say goodbye . 
 hotel rooms were plentiful , due to the disappearances . 
 i splurged and booked a luxury suite near the water , with a great view of morro rock . 
 i might have wept at gavin 's treatment , but i was out of tears at the moment . 
 i misted to the roof of the hotel instead , draping my arms around my knees as i stared out at the ocean . 
 waves slapped against a jetty in the water-the rock structure was placed there to keep the waters calm near the shore . 
 there were sailboats and other watercraft moored there ; they bobbed gently upon dark waters that rippled and glinted in the lamplight from the shore . 
 * * * `` i do n't know when she 'll be back ; lissa said she was staying until she got to the bottom of this , '' charles accepted a warm brownie from devin when he folded into the villa 's kitchen . 
 drake and drew were questioning charles over lissa 's disappearance two nights before . 
 charles realized quickly they were n't happy . 
 `` it might be different , charles , if we could locate her by looking . 
 we ca n't . 
 and the larentii are tighter lipped than clams over this . 
 we know they placed a tracking device . '' 
 drake almost growled at his fellow spawn hunter . 
 he and drew were angry and out of sorts after lissa 's abrupt departure ; neither she nor charles had informed anyone that she 'd left the villa . 
 `` they did place a tracking device , but ren says that 's only for emergencies , and lissa does n't know . 
 this is n't an emergency . 
 is there any milk ? '' 
 charles asked . 
 brownies were best with a tall glass of cold milk . 
 devin poured a glass of milk and handed it to charles . 
 `` charles , are you trying to stand in our way ? '' 
 drew snapped . 
 `` we want her , and you take her away at the first opportunity . '' 
 charles 's hand stopped halfway to his mouth , the brownie poised in midair . 
 slowly he lowered it to the plate . 
 `` is that what you think ? 
 damn . 
 no , that was n't my intention , '' charles admitted . 
 `` i knew lissa was upset over gavin , and i was just trying to get him to loosen up toward her . 
 you do n't know how much he loved her before . 
 now he 's like an iceberg . 
 of course it did n't help any that this investigation turned out like it did-i do n't think i 've ever seen a time when i hoped so hard that the perpetrators were vampires instead of something else . '' 
 `` where is she ? 
 tell us . '' 
 drake crossed well-muscled arms over his chest and glared at charles . 
 `` you said gavin and tony were coming back without her . '' 
 `` morro bay , '' charles went back to his brownie . 
 `` do n't go tonight , she 'll be upset . '' 
 * * * `` this is quite amusing . '' 
 prince cridel of the bright elemaiya held the gate with his dark counterpart , martis . 
 the ra'ak had merely asked them to hold gates open on select worlds so the transports might be accomplished with none the wiser . 
 cridel had n't seen what was coming through ; none of them had . 
 as long as it caused problems and ultimately brought the ka'mirai to them , he had no difficulty with it . 
 the ra'ak materialized at the edge of the gate after making his brief delivery . 
 the ra'ak was in humanoid form ; otherwise , cridel might have worried . 
 friesianna instructed him to flee through the gate if he saw the ra'ak in any other guise . 
 even she knew not to trust them , although she 'd been more than willing to make the alliance with them and their dark elemaiya cousins . 
 * * * i was staring listlessly at my breakfast at the hotel restaurant the next morning when a jacket was tossed onto the booth opposite mine . 
 i raised my eyes to see that joshua , the werewolf fbi agent had found me . 
 `` if you 'd bothered to tell me where you were staying , i could have gotten here sooner , '' he said , sliding into the red leatherette booth . 
 it was retro-1950s retro . 
 the tabletop was plastic , made to look like a black and white checkered cloth . 
 `` i only moved here last night , '' i said , dipping into my scrambled eggs , which were now cold . 
 `` i went to the ranch yesterday afternoon , '' joshua said . 
 `` talked to the owner who said he 'd talked to you . 
 he took me to the same spot . 
 thanks for leaving the evidence there ; i collected it and we 've got people working on it now . '' 
 `` i did n't want to disturb it in case you guys did think to look into it , '' i muttered . 
 my toast was the only salvageable thing on my plate now ; the rest was too cold and tasteless . 
 the waitress came to take joshua 's order-ham and eggs , with extra ham . 
 werewolves were the same , no matter where or when you were . 
 they could still eat more than two normal people . 
 joshua snacked on my cold bacon while he waited for his food . 
 i pushed my plate toward him and he ate the cold hash browns , too . 
 i drank my coffee ; the waitress had given me a fresh cup that was nice and hot . 
 joshua did n't even comment on the fact that i was eating toast and drinking coffee . 
 his food came and he ate quickly and efficiently . 
 `` how long in your job ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i knew he was seventy or so . 
 `` thirty years , '' he stopped eating for a moment and grinned . 
 `` who is grand master , now ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` jason harper , '' he said . 
 `` is he related to weldon and daryl harper ? '' 
 `` daryl harper 's great-great-great-grandson . 
 i guess that makes him weldon harper 's great-great-great-great-grandson . 
 i was born long after daryl 's stint as grand master . 
 his son , daryl harper jr. was taken down pretty quick and there was another two not so good ones in between , but jason came along about twenty years ago and took care of that problem . '' 
 `` i knew weldon and daryl . 
 daryl 's wife was pregnant with daryl jr. when i saw him last . '' 
 i wondered how werewolf history had been affected when i 'd been removed from the records of that era . 
 `` want to come to the newest site when i finish breakfast ? '' 
 joshua asked . 
 `` sure , if you do n't mind , '' i said . 
 `` it 's the least i can do since you led me to the only evidence we 've been able to collect so far , '' he said . 
 `` and you can call me josh , when nobody 's looking . 
 otherwise it 's agent billings . '' 
 `` sure thing , agent billings . '' 
 `` what can i call you ? 
 that was a hint , you know . '' 
 `` lissa , '' i said . 
 `` just lissa . '' 
 `` i can track you through your registration at the hotel . '' 
 `` then do it , '' i shrugged . 
 `` you do n't seem worried that i can find out all about you , '' he sipped his coffee . 
 `` agent billings , if you threatened me at all , i 'd let you know , '' i muttered . 
 `` you 're that confident ? '' 
 he watched me over the top of his coffee cup . 
 `` no . 
 it 's just that i 've been dead before . 
 should still be dead , actually . 
 i do n't think you could do any worse to me than what has already been done . 
 how 's that for an answer ? '' 
 we walked out of the restaurant later and i climbed into agent billings ' vehicle , flying north with him toward san luis obispo . 
 there was another army of police and fbi agents covering an empty stretch of beach when we set down . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 an agent walked up to josh and me as we made our way toward the biggest knot of investigators on the beach . 
 `` special consultant , '' josh sounded snarly . 
 the other agent backed off . 
 we continued toward the site as the other agents moved aside to let us through . 
 the only things left at this site were a large beach blanket , a cooler , suntan lotion and a few toys . 
 fuck . 
 `` their vehicle is located on the parking area off the road , '' someone told josh as i stood , staring in horror at the toys scattered across the blanket . 
 `` it 's registered to a michael thomas . 
 married . 
 wife and six-year-old daughter . '' 
 i wanted to kneel on the sand and scream . 
 there was no scent around this area ; josh and i both checked unobtrusively . 
 there had n't been any contact between what had swept this family away and any of the objects left behind . 
 `` we got something ! '' 
 someone shouted just north of us . 
 josh grabbed my arm and hauled me in that direction . 
 something turned out to be a small blanket that looked as if it had been carried for years-the kind a child might refuse to turn loose of at night , though it was full of holes and should have been tossed long ago . 
 it also held the stench ; the one josh and i both recognized yards before we reached the scene . 
 `` going north , '' i muttered to josh , who nodded slightly at my side . 
 someone was saying the blanket looked as if it had been dropped from the sky . 
 there were no footprints , paw prints , claw prints , hoof prints-nothing anywhere around . 
 no beach grasses or plants had been disturbed ; the blanket had just magically appeared there . 
 i drew in a huge breath . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 josh demanded , pulling me over to the side so he could talk without being overheard . 
 `` nobody ever sees anything , do they ? '' 
 i asked urgently . 
 `` no . 
 nobody has seen anything . 
 it 's like one minute they 're there , the next they 're not . '' 
 `` what will people think if you leave for a while ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'll just say i 'm following a lead ; they 've got more than enough here , '' he muttered and walked away . 
 i watched him as he talked to somebody who looked to be in charge while the winds off the ocean whipped hair into our faces . 
 the man josh spoke with looked grim , but he 'd looked grim before josh approached him . 
 the man nodded and josh walked back to me . 
 `` we can go , '' he said . 
 we made our way over loose , warm sand toward josh 's vehicle . 
 `` just get us out of sight ; somewhere we can leave this thing behind , '' i said , meaning the hovercar . 
 josh nodded , started the thing up and off we went . 
 we traveled two miles north of the crime scene before josh parked at a lookout over a particularly pretty stretch of beach . 
 there were people below us , either lying in the sun or playing in the water . 
 i sighed . 
 `` are you afraid of heights ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not particularly , '' josh said . 
 `` well , agent joshua billings , '' i said , patting his shoulder , `` prepare to be airborne . '' 
 i turned both of us to mist and followed the coastline , paying special attention to the higher cliff areas . 
 twenty miles north of the last crime scene , i caught the briefest whiff of stench and zoned in on that . 
 have you ever gone looking for something , thinking it might be one thing , and when you find it , discover that it is so much worse than you 'd imagined ? 
 i remember once when don and i had a couple of cats , we 'd installed a pet door so they could come and go as they pleased . 
 one day when i was cleaning , i caught a whiff of what might have been a mouse decomposing . 
 thinking the cats had brought one in and left it in the house ; i started moving furniture until i found what i was looking for . 
 it was n't a mouse . 
 it was a snake . 
 dead , thankfully , but a snake , and a poisonous one on top of that . 
 what josh and i found was something out of nightmares . 
 a huge nest was situated atop a rocky cliff , built of tree limbs , grasses and anything else available . 
 some of those tree limbs were thicker than my arm . 
 what lived in that huge nest , though , was the frightening thing . 
 they looked like evil pterodactyls . 
 there were two of them inside the nest and each was larger than an ultralight aircraft . 
 i could feel josh 's impatience as we misted over the nest . 
 it had to be twenty feet in diameter and the two creatures inside were the source of the stench , along with the regurgitated bones littering the nest itself . 
 the nestlings were curled up and sleeping after a nice meal of a man , a woman and their six-year-old daughter . 
 i misted josh downwind and dropped him on the ground , materializing right beside him . 
 he was cursing softly and hauling out his communicator . 
 `` not yet , '' i put a hand over his . 
 `` those are the babies . 
 the parents are still out there somewhere and we do n't need to blow this . '' 
 under other circumstances , i would never have called them , but i needed help and knowledgeable help on top of that . 
 griffin-pheligar , can you hear me ? 
 i sent , praying that they could . 
 i hear you , baby , griffin came in loud and clear . 
 pheligar 's assent was right behind griffin 's . 
 we have some terrible creatures , here , and they 're eating people , i sent . 
 please come and look before i try to kill them . 
 griffin and pheligar were beside me in seconds , frightening josh half to death . 
 he was used to the extraordinary , but he was n't prepared for an eight and a half foot blue larentii who fed on sunlight . 
 pheligar was the one who transported us nearer the nest-he shielded us , somehow . 
 `` flakkar , '' griffin muttered . 
 `` yes , '' pheligar nodded slightly at griffin 's assessment . 
 `` flakkar ? '' 
 josh was still quaking from griffin and pheligar 's sudden appearance , but he kept his wits about him enough to ask good questions . 
 `` giant , flesh-eating , flying reptiles . 
 they bend light around themselves , effectively hiding from any observer , '' griffin muttered . 
 `` and they have a heavy shield that defies most tracking methods and mutes sounds . 
 the only warning you have is their stench . 
 they are next to impossible to locate . '' 
 `` i am concerned over how they arrived . 
 flakkar do not have the ability to transport themselves across the universe , '' pheligar observed , frowning at the sleeping young inside the nest . 
 `` somebody imported those things ? '' 
 josh was about to hyperventilate . 
 `` that 's exactly what happened , '' griffin looked grim . 
 he sent out mindspeech , i guess , because pheligar 's shielded space became crowded quickly . 
 dragon and crane arrived , with adam , kiarra and kyler . 
 `` why do n't you let me take care of this ? '' 
 kyler stared at the flakkar . 
 `` because you will release their particles , '' griffin held kyler off . 
 `` agent billings here would like bodies and evidence to show to his colleagues . '' 
 josh nodded rapidly at griffin 's assessment . 
 `` i 'll do it , '' i said . 
 `` we just have to wait for mom and pop to get here . '' 
 `` get them right behind the head , their necks are thinnest at that point , '' dragon was at my side and offering instructions . 
 i did n't think the little ones were going to be a problem ; it was the bigger ones that concerned me . 
 i nodded up at dragon . 
 he grinned and hugged me . 
 `` my sons are worried , '' he leaned down to whisper in my ear . 
 `` uh-huh , '' i whispered right back . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` that you might not come home , '' he said , hugging me and kissing the top of my head . 
 dragon was saying home as if i belonged there or something . 
 mom and pop flakkar came home right about then , letting their light-bending shields down . 
 they clutched a large cow in each gigantic claw . 
 i 'd seen the vibration of the air around them when they first came in , besides smelling the additional stench . 
 i 'm going , i sent to the others and misted outside pheligar 's shield . 
 papa flakkar was the first to go , but maybe i should have gotten mama first . 
 she was shrieking and flapping , causing quite a stir . 
 and the babies ? 
 they were n't nice either . 
 it was going to be a trick , getting close enough to take heads ; the whole nest was boiling with flakkar . 
 i was fine , getting a good shot at one of the young , but the minute i got one of her kids , mama kicked into a higher gear , thrashing , snapping and clawing like a three-dimensional buzz saw . 
 when i saw my chance at her , i took it , but as my hands and claws materialized to sever her spine , her remaining child got in a blow of his own . 
 i was shrieking in pain after mama 's head was separated from her body , and that 's when somebody else stepped in . 
 baby flakkar 's body disintegrated into tiny sparks that winked out as they floated away . 
 i was standing in the middle of the nest , hugging my arm to me ; it was bleeding all over the place . 
 my flesh had been sliced to the bone . 
 `` we 'll take care of this , '' karzac was beside me , as was pheligar , renegar , another larentii i did n't recognize and at least three healers . 
 it did n't matter ; i fainted in less than two seconds . 
 chapter 11 `` did you see this ? '' 
 flavio handed the microcomputer to gavin and tony . 
 the screen displayed the image of an fbi agent , standing beside three large corpses . 
 `` they look like dinosaurs , '' tony muttered in disbelief . 
 `` flying dinosaurs . '' 
 `` the forensic specialists are not releasing particulars , '' flavio said . 
 `` however , the larentii say these were brought here from another world . 
 if these had n't been found , they would have continued to feed off the population . 
 the nest was shielded in some way unless you came very close to it ; i 'm not sure how that was accomplished . 
 lissa stayed behind and killed those things , although the authorities are taking credit for eliminating them . '' 
 `` i still do n't remember her , '' tony said , sorting through the photographs and text on the small computer . 
 `` none of us remember , '' flavio shook his head . 
 `` although wlodek 's memories of her are very clear , now . 
 he was n't surprised in the least that she was able to do what she did . '' 
 gavin did n't comment ; he wanted to leave . 
 * * * `` we can feed you soup , '' drake was sitting beside my bed and grinning at me when i woke . 
 i slapped a hand over my face . 
 `` please do n't feed me anything , '' i muttered through my fingers . 
 `` tummy upset ? '' 
 a hand started rubbing my abdomen from the other side , and i found drew lounging on the bed beside me when i turned my head . 
 `` who said you could get in my bed ? '' 
 i asked . 
 drew gave me a lazy , heart-squeezing smile . 
 `` we did , '' both said at the same time . 
 drew had n't stopped rubbing my belly , either . 
 and just like the lazy lizard i was , i enjoyed it . 
 those guys were n't hard to look at . 
 uh-uh . 
 not hard at all . 
 `` i feel like a cougar , '' i said , closing my eyes in pleasure . 
 `` you 're not . 
 dad says you 're officially forty-nine years , eleven months and eight days old . 
 we 're a hundred and one . 
 way older than you , itty bitty pants . '' 
 drake was now scooting in on my other side . 
 `` itty bitty pants ? '' 
 i frowned at him as he settled on the bed beside me . 
 `` who taught you english ? '' 
 `` we had a tutor , '' drake leaned in to kiss me . 
 `` and then we went to college , '' he kissed me again . 
 `` want to see our resumes and statements of net worth ? 
 grampa adam takes care of our investments . '' 
 `` i tell you to sit with her and i come back to find you in her bed ? '' 
 karzac came in and swatted drake on the leg , just when i was beginning to think i might have to throw one of those boys on his back and see how his belt unbuckled . 
 `` damn , '' drake grumped softly , sliding off the bed . 
 drew came off on the other side . 
 `` let 's see the arm , '' karzac said , asking for my right arm . 
 it had been deeply sliced by the flakkar . 
 `` it looks okay , '' i said , showing him my scar . 
 there was only the faintest of white lines there , and that was fading fast . 
 `` baby , do n't come back to us like that again , '' drake scolded from the foot of the bed . 
 drew nodded and agreed with his brother . 
 `` karzac gave you three bags of blood this time . '' 
 `` how long have i been out ? '' 
 i was trying to sit up . 
 karzac pushed me down again . 
 `` the best thing about your vampirism is that any blood will do to replenish what you have , '' he said , ignoring my question . 
 `` you 've been down a day and a half , '' drew said . 
 `` you did n't wake me ? '' 
 i knew i felt sluggish , but a day and a half ? 
 `` you missed the family dinner at grey house , '' karzac grumbled . 
 `` i have informed wizard shadow of your condition . 
 he has been upset and irritable ever since , according to my sources . '' 
 `` that 's not awkward or anything , '' i mumbled . 
 `` have they found out how the big , bad and stinky things got onto the planet ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 everyone is looking into it , however . '' 
 `` maybe they should check other worlds , too , and see if the same thing is happening elsewhere , '' i suggested . 
 `` i will send mindspeech , '' karzac said , folding out of the room . 
 `` good , '' drake smiled . 
 `` now , where were we ? '' 
 he and drew climbed right back in bed with me . 
 when i woke the second time , it was to find a chest bearing a black dragon in front of my face . 
 they 'd taken their shirts off while i slept . 
 now there was a very nice nipple located in a strategic spot within the tattoo . 
 i touched it lightly . 
 `` i 'll pay major money if you 'll put your mouth on that , '' drake said lazily . 
 `` i 'll bet you say that to all the girls , '' i removed my fingers from his chest and rose to a sitting position . 
 drew was lying on his stomach on the other side , his long braid in a curve down his back . 
 `` how do you guys deal with all this hair ? '' 
 i lifted drew 's braid and fingered the thickness-it was like black silk . 
 `` i 'll give you thirty minutes to stop playing with my hair , '' drew turned his face to me and grinned . 
 `` schmuck , '' i dropped his braid and considered what might be the best way to get out of bed . 
 crawling over one falchani or the other just seemed undignified . 
 in the end , i misted out of bed . 
 `` need any help ? '' 
 drake called as i materialized and walked into the bathroom to clean up . 
 `` you need to stay where you are , '' i stuck my head through the door and pointed a finger at him . 
 * * * kyler and cleo were waiting for me when i walked out of the bathroom later . 
 `` you do n't look falchani , '' i smiled at my nieces . 
 `` we had to chase them away , '' kyler grinned . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` better , i guess , '' i said . 
 `` my arm is n't split open . '' 
 i lifted it to show them . 
 `` shadow almost had a heart attack when he heard , and he has n't stopped cursing since , '' cleo snickered . 
 `` he 's got it bad . 
 raffian and glendes threatened to send him to work with the beginning students after he ruined three spelled jewels . 
 this morning . '' 
 `` he ruined seven yesterday , '' kyler agreed with cleo , her gold eyes sparkling with mischief . 
 `` i do n't know what to do about that , '' i said , shoving hair behind an ear . 
 i did n't . 
 i had two falchani who wanted me in the worst way , and now , a grey house wizard could n't function because he heard i 'd been injured . 
 `` that 's , uh , why we 're here , '' kyler admitted , refusing to look at me . 
 i saw the dimple in her cheek , though . 
 she was up to something . 
 i knew it , and i had n't known her very long . 
 it made me want to ask about her mother-my -lrb- now deceased -rrb- sister . 
 `` we 're going to take you to grey house . 
 maybe shadow will calm down when he sees you . '' 
 an identical dimple showed in cleo 's cheek . 
 `` uh-huh , '' i said . 
 at least my sarcasm was alive and well . 
 the rest of me might be walking wounded , but my cynical side was just fine , thanks . 
 i should have kept my mouth shut . 
 my nieces had me whisked away as soon as the unintended assent came out of my mouth . 
 `` i have us shielded , '' kyler whispered in my ear . 
 she and cleo flanked me as i stared at shadow grey . 
 we were in a dimly lit workshop and metal , jewelry , raw jewels and jewelry-making tools were scattered across a workbench . 
 i imagined the workbench might be much neater under normal circumstances-i could n't imagine a master wizard accomplishing anything while surrounded by such clutter . 
 shadow held his hands around a floating , diamond cut jewel , and intense light filled the space between his hands . 
 i guess that 's why he wore what looked to be welder 's goggles . 
 the light intensified and i winced-it was too bright for me to look at it . 
 here it comes , cleo sent mindspeech . 
 light blasted away from the jewel , the jewel exploded , shadow flung his goggles away and cursed so fluently and vividly my ears turned pink . 
 `` ahem . '' 
 kyler 's single word made shadow stop in mid-rant , and when he saw i was there with kyler and cleo , he walked straight to me , lifted my face in his hands and kissed me . 
 and then kept on kissing me , while kyler and cleo deserted us . 
 `` do n't ever , '' smack , `` let me hear , '' smack , `` you 're wounded like that , '' smack , `` again . '' 
 shadow muttered between kisses . 
 `` that was an unplanned wounding , '' i tried to step away . 
 tried . 
 shadow came right along with me . 
 his gray eyes narrowed as his lips met mine again . 
 eventually , we were backed against a wall in his workshop , and the only choices i had were to mist away or stay and try to calm shadow down . 
 `` shadow , we do n't know each other , '' i held a hand over his mouth -lrb- he was preparing for another round of kissing -rrb- . 
 and while his kisses were getting hotter -lrb- i ca n't begin to describe it-and the tongue part was about to drive me wild -rrb- i did n't know him , just as i 'd said . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 shadow stepped away and raked a hand through thick , nearly black hair . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it 's just , when cleo came and said you 'd gotten hurt and could n't come to the dinner , all i could think was you were dying and dad and grampa would n't let me go to you . 
 i sent mindspeech to drake and drew . 
 they sent a few images back , but all i saw was blood . '' 
 shadow paced before me . 
 `` they said you were fine , but i could n't f ** king be there . '' 
 `` see , i 'm really fine , '' i held up my arm . 
 `` it was just a slice here , that 's all . '' 
 i pointed to the fading white line . 
 `` karzac 's really good with this , and pheligar helped . '' 
 `` look , i know you do n't feel this as intensely as i do . 
 when a m'fiyah hits a grey house wizard , it 's a little consuming . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 shadow shook his head . 
 he was a handsome man , even with worry lines and his mouth set in a frown . 
 `` how many jewels have you ruined , shadow ? '' 
 i asked , watching his face . 
 `` fourteen , now , '' he admitted , rubbing the back of his neck and offering an ashamed grin . 
 `` fifty million credits ' worth . '' 
 `` oh , lord . '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' he held out a hand . 
 `` it 's the spells that are worth so much . 
 the jewels are manufactured , and are relatively inexpensive . 
 it 's my power and the complexity of the spells that command such high prices . '' 
 `` what are you working on ? '' 
 `` crown jewels , '' he said . 
 `` for the new king of parthin . '' 
 that 's how i spent my day -lrb- with a short break for lunch -rrb- watching shadow grey spell fourteen jewels and place them in a gold and platinum crown . 
 he explained while he worked that he 'd gone to school on several worlds , earning three engineering degrees before coming back to grey house and working spells for a living . 
 and he explained that the fifty million price tag only covered the jewels he was making-the crown was extra . 
 `` it 'll kill anybody who attacks the king of parthin , '' shadow sighed as he placed the last jewel in the crown with power . 
 he was exhausted , i could tell , but he 'd made a deadline he might not have made otherwise . 
 `` if you had n't come , '' shadow rubbed my shoulders gently as we walked out of his workshop . 
 `` i 'll send somebody in to clean up , '' he added , closing the door behind him . 
 `` you 're the one who needs the shoulder rub , '' i pointed out . 
 `` you ought to get that taken care of and go to bed . '' 
 `` i do n't suppose you 'd come with me ? '' 
 his gray eyes held a bit of hope . 
 `` shadow , i 'm trying to come to grips with all this . 
 can we give it some time ? '' 
 `` if you promise not to consider removing the m'fiyah , '' he muttered , pulling me into an embrace . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 i knew , first hand , just what that could do to somebody . 
 merrill 's actions had cost me , and i did n't want anybody else to suffer as i had . 
 `` good . 
 please say you 'll come back . 
 it was easy to get the work done when you were with me . '' 
 `` i 'll see what i can do . '' 
 i leaned away from him . 
 he used that as an excuse to kiss me . 
 `` what are your plans for tomorrow ? '' 
 shadow asked when he pulled away . 
 i watched his mouth-a lazy grin formed there . 
 `` i 'm going to move a boulder , '' i said . 
 * * * `` twenty-seven worlds are being attacked by flakkar , '' pheligar gave the information to griffin , kiarra , adam and merrill . 
 `` one world is already devastated ; fifty nesting pairs are there and the population is unprepared to handle the onslaught . 
 they do not have the necessary weapons . 
 thirty pairs were found on another world , where a similar situation is developing . 
 we are at a loss to explain this . 
 when we look , it is as if the reasons slide away from us and we fail to grasp them . 
 we can not find the flakkar themselves by looking ; their shielding prevents it . 
 we had to look for the killings and then go find the creatures physically . 
 before , we would have said the flakkar numbers were small . 
 this defies logic . '' 
 `` crap , '' kiarra muttered . 
 `` what can we do ? 
 somebody has to be putting those things out there , but we are n't getting any hits on the ra'ak folding space to those worlds . '' 
 the saa thalarr were n't allowed to interfere unless the ra'ak were involved in some way . 
 `` who has weapons to fight these things ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` there are only a few worlds that have proper weapons , '' pheligar replied . 
 `` the reth alliance has ranos technology which will kill the creatures , but they are n't willing to cooperate in defense of non-alliance worlds . 
 the flakkar can scent most poisons so that is also not an option . '' 
 griffin was listening to all of them discuss the situation . 
 he was n't about to interfere this time . 
 not at all . 
 * * * i dreamed that night , and i had n't had one of those dreams since i 'd come back from the dead . 
 i was seeing gates . 
 many gates . 
 on so many worlds and in so many places on those worlds . 
 some had several gates . 
 i do n't know how i knew that , i just did . 
 i knew i had the power to travel through all of them , and i could have described every one of those gates in detail if i had to . 
 a voice whispered to me about power . 
 and desperation . 
 and retribution . 
 i jerked awake to find morning light streaming through my window . 
 i was having an omelette with orange juice later at the kitchen island . 
 mike and jamie were off since it was sunday . 
 dragon , crane , drake and drew wandered in ; they 'd been sparring . 
 drake and drew had obviously gotten a drubbing from dragon and crane , and both looked so pitiful i got up and cooked breakfast for all of them . 
 `` these biscuits are wonderful , '' crane was helping himself to another . 
 they 'd gotten scrambled eggs , ham , biscuits and gravy . 
 there was plenty of jam and jelly to go with the biscuits , too ; i 'd made a large pan to feed everybody . 
 `` why did n't you send mindspeech that food was ready ? '' 
 radomir , whom i had n't seen for days , wandered in , offering a beautiful smile . 
 mack and justin came in a few minutes later , followed by grace and devin , all of them yawning . 
 mack slapped crane on the back . 
 crane grinned and kept eating . 
 i ended up making more biscuits , wondering while i worked just how things got coordinated with so many mates . 
 `` we have schedules , '' mack grinned after reading my mind-he was having another biscuit . 
 karzac had been up early and out somewhere ; he folded in and sat down . 
 i put a plate of food in front of him . 
 he thanked me quietly and started eating . 
 `` i have n't gotten breakfast on sunday that i did n't have to fix in a long time , '' grace heaved a happy sigh . 
 she and devin , being vegetarian , got scrambled eggs and biscuits with jam . 
 `` so , you have a bulletin board somewhere that just announces who 's with whom and when ? '' 
 i asked , sitting beside drew to have a biscuit with strawberry jelly and a glass of milk . 
 a published schedule sounded embarrassing ; i just did n't say that out loud . 
 drew rubbed my back gently-he was picking up my thoughts . 
 `` something like that , '' mack laughed . 
 he looked so much like his father . 
 `` what are you doing today ? '' 
 drew whispered . 
 `` i have some things to take care of today , '' i said . 
 `` what about tonight ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` come to dinner with drake and me . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` casual or dressy ? '' 
 `` casual , '' he said . 
 i nodded . 
 `` around eight ? '' 
 `` i can do that , '' i said . 
 i left them all at the island , eating and talking while i went back to my bedroom to find my sturdiest jeans , a pullover shirt and athletic shoes . 
 i knew where the gate was on merrill 's property and i was going there as quickly as i could . 
 since i did n't want anyone to see me , i misted to the gate straight from my bedroom and focused on the first gate i 'd seen in my dream the night before . 
 i had no idea what i would find . 
 there was no mistaking the stench . 
 this world was under attack by flakkar , too . 
 at least fifty nesting pairs-most with young , and all of them not far from the gate . 
 if i could n't take their heads , i misted inside them and caused them to explode . 
 nearly two hundred died that day , all in the space of two hours or so . 
 i went straight home and napped when i finished . 
 * * * `` that looks nice , '' drake complimented my outfit . 
 i 'd met up with the twins in the kitchen , dressed in a sleeveless white v-neck top with jeans and low-heeled sandals . 
 platinum jewelry went nicely with the outfit . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you 'll find out , '' drew grinned . 
 we folded away . 
 it was a pizza place in new york , and with the time difference , it was three in the afternoon there . 
 `` oh my gosh , '' i said , after biting into a pizza with everything . 
 it was so good . 
 we finished off the whole , huge pizza . 
 we then folded to port aransas ; adam had a beach house there . 
 `` this is where adam and kiarra met when saxom was killed , '' drew said when i told him i 'd been there long ago . 
 i discovered i was there working for winkler a scant two years after all that had happened . 
 we took off our shoes , rolled up pants legs and went wading in the waters of the gulf in front of the massive beach house . 
 winkler might have been jealous of that beach house , it was so big . 
 i was splashed with water and i chased after the twins . 
 drake gave me a piggyback ride while he waded along and we found sand dollars and scallop shells . 
 we sat on the sand after a while , content to watch the water lapping the shore . 
 the occasional tourist passed by , but we might as well have been there on the beach alone . 
 drew was lying on a beach towel next to me , smiling when i touched his cheek . 
 his fingers buried themselves in my hair when i leaned down to kiss him . 
 we went to a bar in austin after that to listen to jazz and have a few drinks . 
 yeah , i was a little drunk afterward and somehow let those guys talk me into getting into the hot tub with them when we got home , sans clothing . 
 they undressed me and that was n't erotic or anything . 
 `` no touching , '' drake laughed when he made his clothing disappear . 
 `` karzac says you 're still recovering , so no sex for another day . '' 
 i wanted to find karzac right then and have a few words with him . 
 drake and drew both would have put just about anyone to shame , and they did n't try to hide their arousal . 
 yeah , i could n't look away . 
 it 's a good thing they got in the water quickly . 
 i was yawning before long and one of them , i 'm not sure which one , lifted me out of the water , folded me to my bedroom , wrapped me in a towel while his brother helped and both of them got me into bed afterward . 
 * * * `` jaydevik , why am i hearing now that there may be croth and drith on the southern continent and that you may have known about this already ? '' 
 glinda was poking a finger in jayd 's chest . 
 `` glindarok , we did not wish to trouble you with this , '' jayd said , trying to pull her against him . 
 `` has anyone been farther south than baetrah an hafei to investigate this ? '' 
 glinda moved away . 
 `` not farther south . 
 the area was completely covered in ash and impossible to get the wagons through to check . 
 we found kifirin there and he disappeared with niff-i mean lissa , shortly afterward . 
 the reconnaissance party came home after that . '' 
 `` jayd , someone needs to go and soon . 
 i do not trust any croth or drith left alive . '' 
 `` i will send someone , '' jayd sighed , successfully pulling her against him this time . 
 he did n't tell her that he 'd allowed garde to wait until after the fall rains were over on the southern continent . 
 rumors were growing , however , and jayd knew he should have sent a scouting party already . 
 * * * the second gate from my dream was the objective when i woke monday morning . 
 i discovered it was monday , may tenth . 
 as earth measured time , anyway . 
 i misted away right after eating a quick breakfast . 
 mike and jamie were off on sundays and mondays , so i cooked for myself . 
 i figured the twins were out sparring with dragon and crane . 
 the second gate i went through landed me in the middle of a jungle . 
 the animals were all missing when i arrived and it was n't hard to determine why . 
 more stench . 
 thirty pairs of flakkar this time , but they were scattered . 
 i found deserted villages for hundreds of miles in all directions while i hunted . 
 the predators were becoming prey as i tracked them and their scent . 
 just for fun , i attempted the saa thalarr trick of looking . 
 no , i had n't tried it before . 
 i assumed it was n't possible . 
 what can i say ? 
 i was going to have to be more adventurous . 
 i found a few more nests that way ; the knowledge just settled into my mind as if it belonged there . 
 breathing a happy sigh , i went after those flakkar , ridding the planet of them . 
 it would n't have taken these very long to destroy all life on the planet ; they 'd already accounted for nearly a third of it . 
 what did those creatures imagine they were going to live on , if no more prey was available to devour ? 
 it made me wonder where they came from , and in such great numbers , too . 
 did they have natural enemies ? 
 what about their homeworld-how had it survived with their predations ? 
 questions for which i might have to look to find answers . 
 i gated to the world i 'd gone to the day before just so i could double check with my newfound ability , making sure there were n't any other flakkar to kill . 
 i found one nest and took it out . 
 * * * `` how much longer ? '' 
 queen friesianna demanded of the newly crowned ra'ak prince . 
 `` when may we submit our demand for the ka'mirai to be given to us ? '' 
 `` we will give it another week or two to ensure the flakkar devastation is severe enough , '' the ra'ak prince smiled . 
 he had no care for the elemaiya and what they wanted . 
 he only cared for his own desire , and that involved bringing the high demons to their knees before destroying them . 
 the ka'mirai could help with that . 
 he already held her dark elemaiya counterpart , and if he had both , nothing could stop him . 
 he smiled at his subtlety-the elemaiya had no idea he planned to ignore the bargain . 
 the elemaiya would serve him until he had no further use for them , and then they 'd be eaten or destroyed . 
 the creature that saved the high demon world before was dead . 
 that news was everywhere . 
 there was nothing left to save them a second time , and he 'd already made contact with allies remaining on kifirin . 
 he looked forward to using them just as his predecessor had , to eliminate others of their kind . 
 then it would be a simple matter to be rid of them completely . 
 they would struggle against one another for power and that could kill them all . 
 prince narval of the ra'ak would become king of the dark realm and all would bow to him instead . 
 `` you know the flakkar can not be found by looking , '' king baltis of the dark elemaiya complained . 
 `` how will we determine how successful this venture is ? '' 
 `` by checking the devastation instead , '' narval smiled maliciously . 
 `` i have already done this only this morning . 
 the first world has lost a quarter of their population already . 
 the second has suffered even more losses . '' 
 friesianna and baltis both looked , they knew which worlds were seeded with flakkar . 
 narval had bent time greatly to gather the nesting pairs from known worlds destroyed by flakkar . 
 and then , with the help of the elemaiya , his kind had spread the starving creatures across vulnerable worlds , sending them through gates located on those worlds while the elemaiya held the gates open . 
 the creatures were easy enough to capture ; starving flakkar on devastated worlds dropped their shields-they had no strength to maintain them . 
 `` very nice , '' baltis complimented narval 's efforts . 
 being of the dark elemaiya , he reveled in death at times . 
 friesianna was less comfortable with it , but felt it necessary to accomplish her goals . 
 `` good , '' she nodded instead . 
 `` the ka'mirai should be ours soon . 
 i will draft the demand . '' 
 `` no , we will draft our demand ; we share in this , remember ? '' 
 baltis growled at friesianna , his words causing her to go cold . 
 baltis had his own designs on the ka'mirai . 
 who knew what he might ask to change with her power ? 
 friesianna hid her shudder . 
 * * * `` lissa , we want you to come for dinner , '' merrill folded into my bedroom while i was wrapped in a fluffy robe and drying my hair with a towel . 
 a bath had been a necessity after taking out flakkar earlier . 
 `` no , '' i snapped , dropping the towel onto a chaise in my sitting area . 
 `` lissa , are you going to be angry with me forever ? 
 i made a terrible mistake . 
 i admit it . 
 i apologize . '' 
 piercing blue eyes begged me to accept the offered apology . 
 `` so , an apology is supposed to magically make everything all right ? '' 
 i glared at merrill . 
 `` lissa , i was hoping to make things up to you , somehow . 
 that you 'd consent to give me a chance . 
 kiarra and adam both want to thank you for what you did for us on kifirin-as do i . 
 we 'd have died if you had n't come . '' 
 `` merrill , i did n't do it for you . '' 
 i turned my back on him . 
 i was n't about to explain the screams of the comesuli , or the dead ones surrounding me when i made the decision to go after the ra'ak prince . 
 `` i know why you did it . 
 that does n't make the rest of us any less grateful . '' 
 `` merrill , we were on a collision course , '' i sighed , turning toward him and shaking my head . 
 he was still as handsome as ever , and it wrenched my heart . 
 `` you 're a nice person to most people . 
 respected and loved . 
 to me , you were the one who agreed to a beating because i tried to save your ass . 
 also the one who withheld the information that a friend was dying , so i 'd keep doing what you wanted me to do . 
 i wanted to love you , merrill . 
 truly . 
 only you sabotaged that at every turn . '' 
 i shook my head , still confused over the blows life had dealt me . 
 `` and now , '' i went on , `` i know we had a m'fiyah . 
 you asked griffin to destroy it . 
 he knew then i was his daughter , and he did it anyway . 
 both of you have done nothing but cause me pain . 
 how am i supposed to forgive that , merrill ? 
 how ? 
 why did you agree to teach me in the first place ? 
 you could have refused and had me sent off to someone else . 
 neither you nor wlodek ever gave me credit for having the sense to come in out of the rain . 
 explain that to me merrill . 
 explain what you want from me now , merrill . '' 
 i wanted to cry and beat on merrill 's chest , i felt so hurt and angry . 
 `` i 'd allow it , '' he nodded , reading my mind . 
 `` as would wlodek . 
 i know you do n't trust us , lissa . 
 that you may never trust us . 
 i also know you 're not comfortable around us . 
 i hope that bridge can be repaired someday . 
 we owe you everything lissa , and we have n't repaid our debts very well , have we ? '' 
 merrill sighed as he sat on the edge of my bed . 
 `` merrill , you refused to give the love i needed when i desperately needed it . 
 how do you think that makes me feel ? '' 
 `` i do n't often use the term like shit , but it 's appropriate in this case , i believe . '' 
 `` got it in one , '' i said , hugging myself . 
 i still wanted to cry . 
 i just did n't want merrill to see it . 
 `` i will go to belen , and ask to have the m'fiyah reinstated , if that 's what you want , '' merrill offered . 
 `` do n't bother . '' 
 i did n't want merrill 's charity , and belen already said neither he nor any of his kind would consider it . 
 `` lissa , i know you suffer . 
 i just , '' merrill raked a hand through black hair in frustration . 
 `` merrill , you made a choice . 
 you get to live with that choice . 
 as i have . 
 at least i do n't have to answer to the f ** king council anymore , '' i grumbled . 
 `` lissa , i 've gone over this in my mind for the past few days . 
 i do n't look good in any of the scenarios presented . '' 
 merrill shook his head . 
 `` i made sarita , did you know that ? 
 i could n't love her either ; i held myself away , again because of kiarra . 
 perhaps i should n't have . 
 wlodek loved her , and she loved him-as much as she could . 
 she walked into the sun because she could n't have children and she could n't have me . 
 do you think i do n't feel guilt over that ? 
 do you ? 
 when the second queen was placed in my care , i managed to f ** k that up , too , did n't i ? '' 
 `` you ca n't help whom you love . 
 or do n't want to love , '' i muttered . 
 `` i loved kiarra for centuries , yet it was adam , who had no idea who she was , who got to her first . 
 punishment , i believe , for my past mistakes . 
 he was made saa thalarr first too , for those same reasons . '' 
 merrill heaved a frustrated sigh . 
 he was a handsome man-i 'd always thought that . 
 he 'd only treated me as a child , though . 
 that 's what i 'd been to him . 
 to hear that he 'd callously destroyed what could have been between us , well , that was a pain in my heart and one he could never repair . 
 i did n't want anything from him that he was n't willing to give . 
 love was one of those things . 
 `` now it 's too late , for so many things , '' merrill said , his voice filled with regret . 
 `` well , merrill , i hope you got everything you wanted , '' i said . 
 he had kiarra ; she was what he wanted . 
 is n't that the way things happened ? 
 some people got everything , leaving the rest of us to scrabble and scrounge . 
 `` what do you want , lissa ? '' 
 merrill raised his eyes to mine . 
 `` i ca n't answer that , '' i said , `` because i would be asking for the impossible . '' 
 `` at least tell me something , '' merrill said . 
 i sighed and rubbed my forehead . 
 `` i want to feel safe , even if it 's only for a little while , '' i began . 
 `` i want someone to love me . 
 someone who loves me completely , just as i am , '' i continued . 
 `` i want someone i can trust with my life . 
 somebody who does n't think i 'm young and stupid , merrill , or who treats me with contempt because i have n't lived as long as they have . 
 somebody who is n't going to use me for what i can accomplish for them . 
 point out that person to me . '' 
 `` lissa , i want all those things for you , too . '' 
 he disappeared , right in front of me . 
 `` fuck , '' i mumbled , wiping tears off my cheeks . 
 * * * i was finally satisfied with the boulder , after misting it a few feet back and forth and turning it on its side more than once . 
 it had stood on a corner of merrill 's property before , but there was a big hole there , now . 
 merrill could find another f ** king rock to replace it if he wanted . 
 this one was a memorial to rene . 
 it covered the spot where i 'd held his hand as he breathed his last . 
 now i settled on the damp ground before it , staring up at it with a sigh . 
 at least a dozen feet high , it was oblong in shape and moss and lichen grew on parts of it . 
 `` what am i supposed to do , rene ? '' 
 i asked the question a second time , wiping tears away . 
 things were spiraling out of control . 
 i had a husband who did n't remember me . 
 three others who wanted to be husbands . 
 one who 'd refused me , sight unseen , with help from my own father . 
 and that did n't include kifirin , whom i had n't seen since i left the high demon 's planet . 
 truly , if it had n't been for the flakkar attacking worlds , i might have gone looking for a way out . 
 as it was , i was the one who could destroy the monsters , so i was the self-appointed rescue committee . 
 i do n't know how long he 'd been sitting beside me ; i was so involved with my misery . 
 nonetheless , he was there-tall , blue-skinned , with dark blond hair . 
 i stared up at him-i did n't know this larentii . 
 `` i know you , '' he smiled down at me , and his smile stopped my heart . 
 `` my mother is conner , who is also the guardian . 
 you have met my father-he is barrigar , graegar 's protector . 
 they are both mated to my mother . '' 
 `` she 's so lucky , '' i sniffled , turning away so he would n't see the tears falling . 
 `` little rose , '' he turned my face back to him with a large , blue finger . 
 `` the bloom is on your cheeks , my pretty one . 
 i thought you would never come to me . '' 
 chapter 12 `` other races can be reborn as larentii , although it seldom happens . '' 
 conner set a cup of hot tea before me . 
 connegar , her very tall larentii son , sat beside me at the island in conner 's kitchen , a large blue hand on my back to steady me . 
 conner 's southern accent belied what i 'd heard of her before , but then i had n't seen the guardian , either . 
 she was beautiful , with long , pale blonde hair clipped back from her face and blue eyes that studied me with a worried frown . 
 i 'd fainted when connegar repeated rene 's final words to me , so he 'd taken me immediately to his mother . 
 together , they 'd gotten me conscious again and conner made tea for me . 
 `` mother can see who anyone was before , in their former lives . 
 but i , having many of her talents , can also see this , '' connegar smiled gently at me . 
 `` i held back from coming to you before , as you were upset and confused about the others . 
 they only want your love and attention , and fail to see it is overwhelming you . '' 
 `` i told merrill he should have kept his mouth shut , '' conner grumbled , sitting next to me with her own cup of tea . 
 i almost smiled-conner had a soft , southern accent , and it was such a contradiction to the power clouding about her . 
 `` i was born in atlanta , '' conner laughed at my thoughts . 
 `` shane was my best friend and next door neighbor . 
 when i was made saa thalarr , i could n't leave him behind , so he came along as my healer . 
 and then franklin showed up , and well , you can guess the rest . '' 
 conner sipped her tea . 
 i was beginning to like her-very much . 
 `` connegar and i have been swapping mindspeech ever since you came back from the dead , '' conner grinned . 
 `` and he named himself after me . 
 most larentii do that-name themselves after their mothers . 
 renegar , well , kiarra 's name was renee , before she came over . 
 so ren took that name . 
 the other would have been a nightmare to pronounce if you stuck gar on the end of it . '' 
 conner snorted delicately . 
 i laughed . 
 i could n't help it . 
 conner smiled into her cup of tea . 
 connegar rumbled a laugh beside me . 
 `` now , why did n't you send mindspeech and tell us you were here ? '' 
 franklin , shane and tomas folded into the kitchen . 
 shane , in true , old-style greg fashion , had his hands on his hips and lifted an eyebrow at me . 
 `` conner louella francis , you could have said something . '' 
 `` do n't you three-name me , shane patrick taylor , '' conner shook a finger at shane . 
 i slapped a hand over my mouth to stop the giggles . 
 `` look who 's here . '' 
 russell and will walked in . 
 `` lissa , it 's been a while . '' 
 russell leaned in between conner and me and pecked me on the cheek . 
 then he gave conner a huge kiss . 
 `` lissa 's responsible for that print of dogs playing pool in my billiard room , '' russell rubbed noses with conner before pulling away . 
 `` well , now i know who to blame , '' conner swatted at russell . 
 `` he deserved it-russell gave a perfectly good monet to wlodek because he did n't like it , '' i said in my defense . 
 `` is that what happened ? 
 russell william farleigh , your ass is in trouble now . '' 
 `` oh , she 's using three names . 
 i 'm leaving , '' will teased . 
 i was now laughing out loud . 
 this happens often , connegar whispered in my mind . 
 it is quite amusing . 
 i like it , i sent back . 
 i am happy to hear your laugh , little rose . 
 `` connegar , why do n't you take lissa somewhere while i have a talk with russell about expensive artwork , '' conner smiled . 
 `` lissa , do n't let those old vampires bother you . 
 or just kick their ass . 
 they 'll learn quickly enough not to mess with you . '' 
 `` i 'll consider it , '' i nodded to conner . 
 she surprised me by giving me a hug , and then connegar folded me away . 
 `` where is this ? '' 
 i stared about us-we stood in a high meadow somewhere , while grazing animals bleated all around us . 
 `` the larentii homeworld , '' connegar sat down in the grass and pulled me in his lap . 
 `` these are falaca , '' he nodded toward the animals . 
 they were wooly creatures , resembling a melding of sheep and llama . 
 they also came in many colors , from black to white to a blue gray . 
 `` we make much of our clothing from their wool , '' connegar wrapped long blue arms around me , and rested his chin atop my head . 
 `` we only use natural fibers , and no dye . 
 and we kill nothing in the manufacturing of our garb . 
 it is the way it has always been with the larentii . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i leaned aside to look up at him . 
 his sky-blue eyes were amused at my question . 
 `` little rose , you have no idea how much i love you . 
 so i must show you . 
 larentii seldom do this , but in this case it is warranted and deserved . '' 
 i was about to ask him what was warranted and deserved , when it hit me . 
 there is n't any way to describe it to someone who 's never felt it . 
 light formed around us and i was drowning in love . 
 that 's the closest i can come to a decent description . 
 i not only breathed love in ; it soaked into every pore . 
 and then the trilling came . 
 kyler explained to me later that the trilling is something the larentii do for their mates . 
 it is the most restful , intrinsically resonant sound in the universe , and soothes the soul . 
 and just as it was intended to do , it put me right to sleep . 
 * * * `` come on , lazybones , '' drake and drew were sitting on the side of my bed , trying to wake me . 
 drake was rubbing the base of my thumb gently with his . 
 `` connegar sent mindspeech last night to tell us you were with him , and to let you sleep late this morning . '' 
 `` i want to sleep some more , '' i mumbled , turning over on my side to face the twins . 
 i had to ; drake still had my hand . 
 `` no , little firefly . 
 you have to wake , now . 
 we 'll dress you if you 're not up to it . 
 you need breakfast . 
 we finished sparring with dad and uncle crane two hours ago . '' 
 `` firefly ? '' 
 i opened one of my eyes to stare skeptically at drake . 
 `` karzac 's good at handing out nicknames . 
 he 's calling you firefly . '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 i slapped my free hand over my face . 
 `` he calls mom ladybug . '' 
 `` what 's with the insect names ? '' 
 i flopped over on my back and pulled my hand away to stare at the ceiling . 
 it was slowly coming into focus . 
 `` karzac says you 're the one nobody can see unless you flash your light and power briefly and when you do that , everybody has to sit back and stare in amazement . '' 
 `` great . 
 i 'm a utility company , '' i grumped , sitting up . 
 `` what 's wrong with our girl ? '' 
 drake pulled me against him , stroking fingers against the back of my neck . 
 i let my head droop against his shoulder . 
 `` that 's right , just relax , '' he kept stroking my neck , letting his fingers slide through my hair at times . 
 i heaved a shaky sigh . 
 * * * two gates were my objective that day-after i had breakfast and convinced the twins i had things to do . 
 they were disappointed , i could tell . 
 i took out forty nesting pairs of flakkar . 
 their numbers were getting smaller , but their attacks were just as destructive . 
 both worlds were in their industrial infancy and had no explanation for the disappearances among the population and no way to combat the flakkar , even if they 'd known the monsters were there . 
 i gated back to earth when i was finished , feeling weary . 
 misting inside my bathroom , i managed a quick shower before walking into my bedroom while i toweled off . 
 drake was there in my bed , waiting for me . 
 `` we flipped a coin . 
 i won , '' he said . 
 he was completely naked , totally unembarrassed about it and was stroking himself as he watched me walk around the room wrapped only in a towel . 
 `` i do n't know what to do with you , '' i said , sounding frustrated . 
 and i was having a difficult time taking my eyes off him . 
 i 'd read erotic romance novels that did n't get me this heated up . 
 `` come here and i 'll show you , '' he purred , amusement lighting his dark eyes . 
 `` come on , baby . 
 i 'll take good care of you , i promise . '' 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 there was a very handsome man in my bed , offering to take care of me . 
 i ended up at the side of the bed and he reached out , carefully taking my towel away with gentle fingers . 
 drake coaxed me into bed , put his hands on every inch of me and made me forget my doubts and troubles for a while . 
 * * * `` anthony , what is taking so long ? '' 
 gavin always woke before tony did , and he was eager to begin the hunt for three reported rogues in amsterdam . 
 `` coming , '' tony walked out of his bedroom , clean , dressed and ready to go . 
 both he and gavin jumped when someone appeared in the tiny , safe house kitchen . 
 both relaxed when they saw who it was . 
 `` i told you we 'd see each other again , '' the tall male offered a smile . 
 `` you look so much older , '' gavin sighed , shaking his head . 
 `` hazards of the trade . '' 
 a wry grin was offered . 
 `` ca n't be helped . '' 
 `` why are you here ? 
 is there a problem ? '' 
 tony asked with a frown . 
 this one never came unless there was a problem somewhere . 
 neither he nor gavin had seen him in more than two centuries . 
 `` i came to give back what was taken from you , '' their guest replied . 
 `` what ? '' 
 tony asked . 
 gavin 's mask fell into place . 
 `` very important memories , '' their guest replied . 
 light formed around him while his eyes went dark as midnight , with stars shining through . 
 * * * `` what do you have , child ? '' 
 flavio looked up from his desk computer when charles walked into his study , carrying a large file box . 
 flavio was puzzled-they no longer kept records on paper . 
 everything was electronic . 
 `` i was asked to bring this to you , father . 
 it 's important . '' 
 charles vibrated with excitement , and flavio could n't fathom the reason . 
 `` who asked you to bring it ? '' 
 flavio searched his only living child 's face for answers . 
 `` an old friend . 
 he says this will give back what you lost . 
 you and the council , '' charles grinned . 
 `` and when my friend says something like that , you can take it to the bank . '' 
 `` charles , no metaphors , please , '' flavio stared at the box as charles plopped it over the computer screen covering the center of his desk . 
 gone was the antique that wlodek used so long-flavio still had it , in his private suite . 
 he used this desk instead , because the computer covered the surface . 
 `` go on , open it , '' charles hid a grin . 
 `` child , if this is a trick , '' flavio lifted the lid and light bloomed from the box . 
 * * * `` what do you mean , they all remembered ? 
 is this some kind of joke ? 
 belen says none of his kind had anything to do with it . '' 
 kiarra paced in her library , while merrill , adam and pheligar watched . 
 `` flavio says charles found an old box with all her information inside , and the memory triggered . 
 five minutes later , he received calls from the council-they all remembered . 
 we have no explanation for it . 
 flavio contacted wlodek with mindspeech ; wlodek went to investigate . 
 this box is what he brought from flavio 's office . '' 
 merrill jerked his head toward the box sitting on the low table between sofas . 
 it contained records , photographs and legal documents . 
 `` and now , the entire council wants a meeting with her . 
 they all want her back . 
 there 's no way she 'll consent to that . 
 lissa informed me plainly that she was n't willing to answer to anyone , ever again . '' 
 merrill 's voice held guilt as well as pain . 
 `` i do n't blame her , '' kiarra snapped . 
 `` merrill , if you 'd bothered to tell me you were going to her alone ; i would have told you it was a mistake . 
 you should have taken pheligar or renegar with you . 
 preferably both of them , as she does n't seem to hate the larentii . '' 
 `` connegar is hers . '' 
 pheligar had n't spoken until then . 
 `` you 're kidding ? 
 why have n't i heard this before ? '' 
 kiarra stared at her larentii mate . 
 * * * `` how can i get her back ? '' 
 gavin paced before flavio 's desk . 
 flavio watched gavin 's restless wandering before him , attempting to remain dispassionate over the entire thing when he wanted exactly the same-for lissa to come back to him , the council and the vampire race as a whole . 
 she could do so many things ; things they did n't have the talent or the resources to do . 
 they still had their misters and mindspeakers , but no new talent had been discovered since anthony 's turning . 
 flavio did n't know what to do . 
 he wanted to approach lissa and beg her to help him and the council when needed . 
 she was protected however , and merrill and wlodek informed him that two spawn hunters for the saa thalarr , one of the giant larentii and even a powerful wizard were all courting her . 
 he did n't know how to break that news to gavin . 
 `` i have removed his jealousy , '' a dark-haired male appeared suddenly in the room . 
 gavin recognized him immediately . 
 `` kifirin , '' gavin begged , `` help me win lissa back . '' 
 `` that choice is hers , '' kifirin lifted a gold ingot from flavio 's desk-flavio once used it as a paperweight . 
 now it sat on a corner of his desk , mostly forgotten . 
 `` bear in mind , '' kifirin set the gold bar down , `` that others now hold a place in her heart . 
 you will not be alone there , vampire . 
 the queen 's inner circle is forming . 
 you must use your imagination if you wish to be included in their number . '' 
 `` inner circle ? '' 
 gavin stopped pacing and stared at kifirin . 
 `` the governing body upon le-ath veronis . 
 only the comesuli upon the high demons ' world are now calling it le-ath veronis imperea , which means heart of the vampire queen . 
 the rumors are flying among them , now , that they were saved by our lissa . 
 they are asking for the return to their ancient home . 
 they wish to live and work among vampires once again . 
 how would you answer their plea , gaius livius montanus ? '' 
 kifirin spoke gavin 's original roman name . 
 `` what will it mean for lissa ? '' 
 gavin answered kifirin 's question with one of his own . 
 `` it means lissa must choose whether to accept the throne-and the rule-of le-ath veronis , and then work to bring in vampires from the worlds where they are now scattered . 
 some will not be eligible for that journey , as they will not be of sufficient character . 
 those whom she leaves behind will die . 
 it is my promise to her and to the worlds of light where they now reside . '' 
 `` are you saying our days on earth are numbered ? '' 
 flavio rose from his seat , staring at kifirin . 
 `` do not fear , sanguis rex . 
 there will be many cities upon le-ath veronis . 
 i believe lissa will be more than happy to place you in a position of power . 
 imagine all the vampires on earth occupying an entire city ; one created solely for them ? 
 that is what awaits you if lissa takes the rule . 
 all hinges upon her , you know . '' 
 `` does she know this ? '' 
 gavin watched kifirin , speculation in his eyes . 
 `` not yet . 
 i will tell her soon if she does not discover it for herself . '' 
 `` tell me about this world , '' flavio sat down again . 
 `` it spins on its side , '' kifirin gestured with his hands . 
 `` the southern half of the planet is in constant twilight . 
 think of what this means , vampire . 
 you will be able to wake and sleep as you choose instead of having to deal with the sun 's dictation of those events . 
 comesuli would provide blood to the vampires-at least in part . 
 i believe their numbers would have to be subsidized with blood substitute ; there are n't enough comesuli to cover the demands . 
 fresh blood would be available often , regardless . 
 the comesuli , when they are turned , become male or female as their temperament dictates . 
 on le-ath veronis of old , the numbers of males and females were nearly equal . '' 
 `` there would be more females ? '' 
 flavio had hope in his eyes . 
 he had mates and the sun 's rising and setting no longer held sway over him . 
 this , however , would be a true blessing for the vampire race as a whole . 
 `` yes , as the comesuli were turned when deserving . '' 
 `` this sounds too good to be true , '' flavio lowered his eyes but not before kifirin saw the glimmer of hope in them . 
 `` there may be a period of adjustment-so many vampires coming together to live upon a single world instead of many . 
 that is why each world 's vampires will have a city to themselves . 
 earth 's population is one of the largest . '' 
 flavio knew they had wlodek , weldon and merrill to thank for that fact , and for their willingness to forge peace with the werewolves when they did . 
 and they had lissa to thank as well , for keeping the peace when it was threatened . 
 there was now an official count of two hundred fifteen thousand vampires on earth . 
 an entire city where they could live appealed greatly to flavio . 
 with no need to hide , they could walk freely as they willed , no longer needing to conceal what they were . 
 their race would belong . 
 `` your race would belong , '' kifirin drew the thought from flavio 's mind . 
 `` your council here could be the governing body in your city and you could help draw up the new laws governing the planet . '' 
 `` the queen 's inner circle ? '' 
 gavin asked , forming the question . 
 `` all her devoted lovers , '' kifirin answered before gavin could finish his question . 
 `` find a way to bring her back to you , vampire . 
 you would serve well with her . '' 
 kifirin folded away . 
 `` honored one , '' gavin turned to flavio , `` i wish to contact wlodek as quickly as possible . '' 
 * * * `` how is little toff ? '' 
 glinda rocked roff 's child in her arms and cooed to him . 
 he grinned at her , showing most of his teeth . 
 comesuli were born with a full set of teeth , which they lost at age eight or thereabouts , growing a new set rapidly . 
 they ate animal protein from birth , hence the need for teeth . 
 their parent had no way to suckle them , having no br ** sts . 
 `` glindarok , gardevik and i must speak with you , '' jayd stalked into the room , looking a bit rumpled . 
 glinda was worried the moment she saw jayd 's face . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked , handing toff over to giff-roff was away , getting their midday meal from the kitchens . 
 `` come with me ; your meal can be delivered in the meeting hall , '' jayd said . 
 glinda knew it was serious if they were calling a meeting in the meeting hall . 
 jayd lifted glinda up and walked out of her suite amid protests from his mate that she could get herself to the meeting hall just fine . 
 glinda was settled at the table fronting the room , between jayd and garde . 
 she breathed a worried sigh ; the captains of the guard were all present , as were the heads of all the high demon houses including what was left of croth and drith . 
 the ones present had been carefully questioned and vetted before they were allowed to take up their houses once more . 
 there was a scant handful who 'd proven to be honest . 
 `` we made a second journey to the southern continent , '' garde began , `` taking only high demons with us so we could skip in and out , avoiding the ash that covers a great deal of the area . 
 we found , quite far south , evidence that many of our enemy high demons sheltered there , avoiding capture . 
 there were fallen tents , debris and rotting food when we arrived . 
 we estimate there are as many as eight hundreds . '' 
 `` where are they now ? '' 
 yurevik weth asked . 
 `` we asked for help and thankfully received it to determine that , '' jayd spoke . 
 `` my sources tell me they have skipped off the planet-for the time being . 
 it is my worry that they will find other allies as they did before and come against us a second time . '' 
 `` what can they hope to gain ? 
 kifirin is awake now ; surely even they know this . '' 
 `` perhaps they are counting on his vow of noninterference , '' glinda snorted . 
 `` what about the vampire queen ? '' 
 lord nedevik weth rose . 
 he was patriarch of the house of weth and oldest among all high demons . 
 `` we can not count on that help again , '' jayd stared at the tabletop . 
 `` will she not come to protect her commons ? '' 
 lord aldavik foth stood . 
 his words caused jayd to glance sharply at garde over glinda 's head . 
 * * * i got three gates that day . 
 the numbers of flakkar were getting smaller , thank goodness . 
 i was eating a late lunch after returning to the villa when the twins came to find me . 
 `` come ski with us , '' they said . 
 yeah , they were asking me to ski . 
 visions of tall pines i would have to mist through to avoid mutilation came to mind . 
 `` come on , you wo n't know until you try it , '' drake lifted me and tossed me over his shoulder . 
 feather , mack 's daughter , came to get us , folding us to another world where skiing and winter were both present . 
 i had to be outfitted at a shop there and felt terrible that the twins were spending so much money on me . 
 the whole thing seemed to be a wasted effort . 
 feather , with her mates christi and kerry , all watched as drake and drew haggled with the shopkeeper over my outfit plus skis , poles and goggles . 
 `` baby , i do n't think you know how to have fun , '' drew said , rubbing my shoulders at one point . 
 i wondered if he was right . 
 eventually i was fixed up , the twins paid and somebody folded us to the slopes . 
 `` you 're just going to push me down the side of the mountain ? '' 
 i gulped , staring down the steep incline . 
 immediate misting came to mind as i contemplated my fate otherwise . 
 `` watch us , '' drake grinned , pushing himself off the top . 
 he was making short , sweeping turns with his skis , going down quickly and skillfully . 
 kerry went next , closely followed by his two ladies , christi and feather . 
 they also skied very well and i started sweating . 
 `` you go first , i 'll come along and pick up the pieces , '' drew teased . 
 `` oh , sure , laugh why do n't you ? '' 
 i swatted at him . 
 `` i end up with a broken leg and you 'll just say turn away from the tree next time . '' 
 `` lissa , baby , you 'll do fine . 
 show me those vampire reflexes . '' 
 `` uh-huh , '' i eyed him skeptically . 
 `` my vampire reflexes are for getting me out of trouble , not getting into it in the first place . '' 
 `` you 're not afraid are you ? '' 
 he was still grinning . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 my knees are knocking . 
 i do n't know why i let you two convince me this was a good idea , '' i snipped . 
 `` come on , lissa-love , just try it . '' 
 drew coaxed . 
 `` okay , but on my tombstone i want you to put that i thought this was a bad idea . '' 
 i shoved myself onto the slope . 
 i learned quickly that going down in a straight line is a terrible idea . 
 my shrieks could be heard for miles and probably caused an avalanche or two as i hurtled down the steep side of the snowy mountain . 
 `` turn , baby ! '' 
 drew shouted as he made his way down behind me . 
 i was shocked i could hear him over the sound of my own screaming . 
 `` turn your body , lissa ! '' 
 drew yelled . 
 he 'd seen the pile of rocks , just as i had , and i was skiing straight toward it . 
 i turned-skidding for yards and flinging snow up in cascades as i slid down the slope . 
 and then i flopped over in the snow after coming to an eventual stop . 
 i lay there in cold , powdery snow , panting and shivering . 
 i 'd get myself up off the snow . 
 i would . 
 someday . 
 drew came to a neat stop beside me . 
 `` need a hand ? '' 
 he asked , pushing his goggles up and leaning down to get a look at my face . 
 `` i need a stick , '' i said tartly . 
 `` a stick ? '' 
 `` to beat you and your brother with , '' i snapped . 
 `` but you did pretty well for your first time . 
 the turn was almost classic when you made it . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 a classic lapse of good sense , '' i grumbled . 
 `` it ranks right up there with sticking forks in toasters and taking baths with hair dryers . '' 
 drew snickered . 
 i started laughing . 
 `` come on , you , '' he lifted me up , dusted most of the snow off me and we started again . 
 `` turn your body from side to side , '' he was trying to get me to do things properly . 
 sometimes that worked . 
 sometimes . 
 at other times , i went hurtling down the mountain in a straight line , shrieking , turning and falling . 
 thankfully , no trees were involved by the time i reached bottom . 
 `` you think this is funny ? '' 
 i lifted an eyebrow at drake , who was waiting at the bottom with the others , trying not to snicker . 
 he bellowed with laughter . 
 `` you could have started me on the bunny slopes but nooo , we had to prove our point , did n't we ? '' 
 i glared at him . 
 he laughed harder and the others were laughing , too . 
 `` unbelievable , '' i grumped . 
 ignoring all of them , i turned myself to mist and went flying straight back up the mountain . 
 it was better the second time , and by the sixth time i almost had the hang of it . 
 i paid no attention to the others ; they were going up and down with the greatest of ease . 
 i had catching up to do . 
 `` if i ca n't move tomorrow , it will be your fault , '' i pointed an accusing finger at the twins as we were folded home later . 
 `` come on , lissy baby , you ca n't be mad at us forever , '' drake hauled me over his shoulder and folded us to the hot tub . 
 he removed our clothing with a thought and dumped me into bubbling water . 
 i huddled between drake and drew when crane , dragon , devin , grace and karzac all showed up later , getting in with us . 
 drake grinned . 
 maybe he was used to parading around naked in front of his parents and everybody else-i was n't . 
 i intended to mist out of the hot tub and see if they could track me down later . 
 `` lissa learned to ski today , '' drew grinned . 
 `` i did not learn to ski today ; i learned not to kill myself while those contraptions were strapped to my feet , '' i said sarcastically . 
 devin laughed . 
 `` she does n't know how to have fun , '' drake observed . 
 `` you could have taken me bowling , '' i grumped . 
 grace laughed out loud . 
 karzac turned his head but i heard the snicker . 
 `` do n't laugh , you may have to fix my bruises later , '' i informed him . 
 that did make him laugh-something that did n't happen very often . 
 `` i 'm going to bed , i 'm tired , '' i announced a few minutes later . 
 `` i can fold you to bed , '' drew offered . 
 `` i can mist myself to bed , '' i counter-offered . 
 `` i 'd prefer we both folded you to bed , '' drake threw in a third option . 
 he did n't wait for a reply ; he went ahead and did it . 
 he landed us in the floor instead of in the bed while we were still wet . 
 `` my baby 's tired . '' 
 drew pulled in a huge towel and started working it over my body . 
 i was tired-and achy , too-if i were honest . 
 killing flakkar had worn me out and i did n't get my nap afterward before going to the ski slope . 
 `` come on , you just need to sleep , '' drake said , pulling me toward the bed . 
 `` karzac will beat our heads in if we try anything else . 
 he 's still sending me mindspeech , telling me how tired you look . '' 
 `` let me get my pjs , '' i said , going toward my closet . 
 `` no , '' drew said . 
 `` do n't put anything on , baby . 
 i want the feel of your skin against me in the night . '' 
 he had his arms around me , nuzzling my neck . 
 drake disappeared and drew crawled under the sheet with me . 
 `` go to sleep , love , '' drew murmured against my temple . 
 i fell asleep in his arms . 
 * * * anybody with mindspeech would have been tossed out of bed that night when spawn was shouted mentally . 
 drew was out of bed like a shot , pulling leathers and blades in with barely a thought . 
 he was going off to battle ra'ak spawn , and he was leaving me behind . 
 i shouted as he disappeared . 
 well , it was time to see what i was made of . 
 i threw on clothing as quickly as i could , looked to see where drew went and then working up the nerve , i folded for the first time ever . 
 i landed in an open field on a world i could n't name . 
 i saw drake , drew , charles and a multitude of saa thalarr , waiting for the approaching army of spawn . 
 before , dragon and i had only battled a few dozen . 
 these numbered in the thousands . 
 `` what the f ** k ? '' 
 i muttered to myself as i stared in disbelief . 
 `` an entire planet deemed not worth saving , taken by the ra'ak and a good number of them turned , '' radomir settled beside me , with devin at his side . 
 `` the ra'ak find this amusing , transporting armies of their spawn to innocent worlds to wage war against us , hoping to injure or kill any one of us , '' he added . 
 `` we can not allow a single one to escape , as even one can destroy the population . '' 
 `` they 've hidden ra'ak warriors in their midst at times , too , '' devin sighed , shaking her head at the approaching spawn . 
 they were a quarter mile away , and the fields around us were seething with their mass . 
 we were being surrounded . 
 `` they hope to take us unawares , and they 've nearly succeeded , many times , '' devin added . 
 `` fuckers , '' i mumbled . 
 two huge birds flew over our heads-one a dark gray , the other white with black-tipped feathers . 
 `` crane and gracie , '' radomir nodded toward the birds . 
 `` they 'll pop heads from spawn using their claws . '' 
 `` sounds good , '' i nodded grimly . 
 `` i 'm going to mist . 
 see ya . '' 
 i misted away . 
 it was only seconds before the spawn attacked . 
 the giant birds screamed overhead as they swooped in , taking heads . 
 drake , drew , dragon and three other falchani warriors unsheathed blades and began lopping heads . 
 a giant snow leopard snarled and leapt . 
 a black gryphon screeched and attacked . 
 a nine-foot unicorn ran her deadly horn through anything that came close . 
 i , claws forming only , swept through the advancing army , removing heads and leaving spawn to dust behind me . 
 `` baby , how did you get here ? '' 
 drew was running hands over me while drake looked on , waiting for his brother to say whether i was injured . 
 it had taken four hours to destroy the spawn army . 
 `` hey , i tried folding . 
 it worked . 
 i 'm okay , '' i did my best to reassure my falchani . 
 `` young falchani , take your mate home , '' karzac growled beside us . 
 `` she needs rest . '' 
 `` we 're going , then . '' 
 drake must have folded us ; drew lifted me up and i did n't argue-i was tired , just as karzac said . 
 i fell asleep in the shower while the twins cleaned me up-i could n't keep my eyes open . 
 and i slept most of the next day , too , before drew woke me with a kiss . 
 `` dad says we 're getting leathers for you and a tattoo if you want one , '' drew gave me a lazy smile and kissed me again . 
 `` no on the tattoo , '' i mumbled , thinking i probably looked like hell . 
 `` you look beautiful . 
 and unless you tell me no , i 'm about to f ** k you until you scream my name , '' drew nuzzled my neck before kissing me again . 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 i mumbled between kisses . 
 `` oh , yeah , '' he murmured , his mouth settling on a nipple . 
 he did . 
 twice , at least . 
 * * * drake and drew were off sparring with their father and the other falchani when i slid off the bed the following morning . 
 it was the best i could do ; i was a little stiff . 
 a hot shower helped and i dressed in walking shorts and a tank top before pulling socks and athletic shoes onto my feet . 
 it was friday , i discovered , and i forced myself out my bedroom door , down a flight of stairs and through the maze of hallways that led to the kitchen . 
 i was almost limbered up by the time i got there . 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 mike was there , puttering around the kitchen . 
 `` hi , hon , '' i said , sitting down at the island . 
 `` coffee would be very nice . '' 
 jamie walked in while i sipped my coffee laced with cream and sugar . 
 `` today is laundry day , '' jamie grinned at me . 
 `` you guys do n't have to wait on me hand and foot , '' i said , looking at him and mike . 
 jamie had an arm draped around mike 's shoulders . 
 `` it 's our job , and we like it , '' mike informed me . 
 `` do not thwart us in our mission to feed , clothe and clean . '' 
 he had a fist in the air , like a superhero . 
 that made me laugh . 
 `` besides , you would n't believe how much we get paid or the health benefits attached or the vacation time we get , '' jamie added . 
 `` plus , we get to see shit that even sci-fi fans never get to see . 
 i 've even been folded here and there , a couple of times . 
 you should see the beach house on their private planet . '' 
 `` uh-huh , '' i said . 
 `` and you now know that vampires and werewolves are real , too , i suppose . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , '' mike sighed happily . 
 he fixed breakfast for me while jamie went off to collect laundry from all the bedrooms , including mine . 
 five gates were taken care of that friday . 
 the flakkar were nesting close together on those five worlds-large populations lived near them and were suffering losses , though the flakkar nests were smaller in number than what i 'd dealt with earlier . 
 seventy nesting pairs spaced across five worlds . 
 i was exhausted by the time i finished . 
 a three-hour nap helped , but i was still groggy when someone tapped on my bedroom door . 
 i got up to answer and was quite shocked to find fox standing there . 
 `` you know , i 'm still coming to grips with the fact that wlodek and weldon ended up with the same woman , '' i said , inviting her inside . 
 she sat down on a chair in the corner across from my bed while i dressed . 
 she looked so cute , perky and young . 
 i wondered how wlodek felt about that . 
 `` weldon tells me you almost died saving his life , once . 
 and wlodek says you saved him several times . '' 
 `` yeah , well , wlodek needs to learn when to hand out important information , '' i grumbled . 
 `` he knows that now , '' fox replied brightly . 
 `` he 's worried you wo n't ever forgive him for that . '' 
 `` like wlodek ever worried about those things , '' i said . 
 `` you ever stand in front of him while your life is hanging in the balance ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he scared me a few times while he still held the position as head of the council , though . 
 he can be a little intense . '' 
 `` hmmph , '' i snorted . 
 fox smiled . 
 `` he regrets those things , lissa . 
 very much . 
 he still considers himself your second vampire sire . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i 've already gotten the visit from merrill , my surrogate sire . 
 and i 'm sure my actual sire wants to weigh in on all this as well . '' 
 i had n't thought about griffin lately . 
 should i feel bad about that ? 
 and my parting with merrill had been far from amicable . 
 `` they care about you . '' 
 fox 's words were simple . 
 `` they have a funny way of showing it , '' i said . 
 jamie had placed a pile of clean clothing on the end of my king-sized bed and i was now putting all of it away in drawers and on shelves in my closet . 
 i 'd napped with it sitting on my bed . 
 i know-how lazy was i ? 
 `` i did n't come to upset you , honest , '' fox said . 
 `` i feel like i need to know you better . 
 how about going with me to do some shopping ? 
 kiarra 's birthday party is coming up and i wanted to look for a gift . '' 
 `` all right , '' i said . 
 `` am i dressed properly ? '' 
 i held out my arms-i 'd put gray slacks and a black tank top on , with sandals . 
 `` it might be too cool in london for the tank , '' fox said , looking me over critically . 
 `` same with the sandals . '' 
 that sent me back to the closet and i pulled out a short-sleeved blouse in pink with low-heeled black pumps . 
 `` very nice , '' i got fox 's approval when i came out again . 
 she folded us to a huge mall just outside london . 
 malls were back in and this one could fit the vatican inside it , plus a few small villages . 
 `` she has so much jewelry already , '' fox sighed as we passed a jewelry store . 
 i shrugged . 
 i did n't know kiarra at all and had no idea what she might like . 
 we looked at clothing next , but again fox said that kiarra was kept fully stocked . 
 we looked at electronics . 
 gadgets , knick-knacks , doo-dads , gizmos , everything . 
 we ended up in an art gallery where all sorts of artwork and sculpture were for sale . 
 we wandered through that . 
 `` i do n't see a single thing that might appeal to her , '' fox grumbled . 
 `` well , she 's the unicorn-can we look for something in that direction ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 fox smiled . 
 `` i was fascinated by unicorns in my early years , '' i admitted . 
 `` i once painted a unicorn for my graduate thesis exhibition . 
 it was huge , like four feet by four feet . 
 i even had some offers on it but i kept it for myself . 
 it was hanging in the house when i was turned vampire . '' 
 `` can we go see it ? '' 
 fox asked , dimpling slightly . 
 `` can you get us back there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i mean , the best time to see it was probably the night i was attacked . 
 i doubt anybody was in the house then . '' 
 `` sure , '' fox breathed . 
 `` let 's go take a look . '' 
 bending time is easy , i suppose , if you have the ability . 
 it only took a blink or two and we were there ; inside my house on the same night i was being attacked outside a bar fifteen miles away . 
 i remembered the scent of the house as we landed inside it . 
 it 's funny , i know , that you do n't really notice things like that so much when you 're human . 
 now , scents were everywhere , telling me things i needed to know as often as not . 
 `` it 's in the bedroom , '' i told fox , who 'd landed us inside the kitchen . 
 we walked down the hall i knew so well , then into the bedroom and past the bed i 'd made up early that morning so i could get to the hospital . 
 i sent up a quick mental i love you to don-he had n't been gone that long from where i was at the moment . 
 `` this is it ? 
 this is incredible , '' fox said , examining the painting . 
 i 'd always liked it , although my graduate committee had grumbled over it . 
 the rest of my exhibition was more abstract-and in their eyes more acceptable-but i could n't help myself on this one . 
 the unicorn was white , of course , standing in three-quarter view and gazing off to the side as if it were on guard and watchful . 
 the mane and tail rippled in an unseen breeze as twilight was falling , with the barest hint of stars over mountains off in the distance . 
 the gold horn was long and sharp ; i 'd always seen it as a weapon . 
 otherwise , why have it at all ? 
 `` does it have a title ? '' 
 fox asked . 
 she was still staring at the painting . 
 `` vigilance , '' i replied . 
 `` right now , this is still yours , '' fox turned to me . 
 `` take it , lissa . '' 
 `` if i take it , then i 'll give it to kiarra . 
 i 'm not the unicorn , she is . 
 and this represents a part of my life when i still had idealistic dreams . 
 that 's what this painting is . 
 may as well give it away . '' 
 i had n't had any idealistic dreams in a very long time . 
 they 'd all been stolen or beaten out of me . 
 i lifted the heavy painting off the wall-i 'd had it framed nicely in a dark wood . 
 fox folded me back to my suite at the villa and i set the painting against the wall inside my closet . 
 there was still plenty of empty space inside it , after all . 
 `` i 'm getting mindspeech from my mates , '' fox smiled . 
 `` time for dinner . 
 why do n't you come with me ? 
 you have n't met steve or gilfraith , yet . '' 
 she named two of her five mates . 
 `` fine , '' i muttered and fox folded us again . 
 chapter 13 `` look who i invited to dinner , '' fox announced brightly as we landed in a very pretty kitchen with a huge , arched window on one side . 
 there were several people there , wlodek and weldon among them . 
 there were two i did n't know and one had me drawing in a huge breath ; i 'm sure the shock must have been plain on my face . 
 he was ra'ak . 
 or had been ra'ak - he had the scent , still , but it was overlaid with other things . 
 `` that 's gilfraith , '' fox patted my shoulder , smiling at the male with pale brown hair and golden-brown eyes . 
 he was n't tall-perhaps five-nine or so , but that did n't matter . 
 if he turned to ra'ak , he 'd be formidable . 
 `` i 'm an expatriate , '' he nodded politely and offered his hand . 
 `` and i do n't manufacture poison or turn much . 
 i 've helped train the spawn hunters and some of the saa thalarr . '' 
 i could see how that might be helpful-gilfraith probably knew all the ra'ak tricks . 
 `` and i ca n't tell you how happy i am to hear it , '' i said , shaking his hand . 
 he smiled . 
 `` and this is steve , conner 's oldest son , '' another man came forward as fox introduced him . 
 `` i hear you 're mated to my half-brother , connegar , '' steve said , shaking my hand . 
 `` yeah , that 's the current rumor , '' i said , feeling embarrassed . 
 `` hey , what 's this ? 
 you did n't tell us where you were again ; we had to send out blanket mindspeech , '' the twins showed up with shadow . 
 `` do i have to tell you everything ? '' 
 i asked , my hands on my hips as i stared at all three of them . 
 `` you do not , but we would like it very much if you did , '' connegar folded in , too . 
 weldon , the schmuck , snickered off to the side . 
 `` hey , keep your furry ass out of this , '' i leaned around drake to point a finger at weldon . 
 `` i 'll keep my furry ass out of it if you 'll bake cookies , '' weldon was still laughing . 
 everybody ended up having dinner with fox . 
 i offered to help cook and a mountain of food was prepared . 
 and i baked a truckload of cookies . 
 three kinds , in fact-oatmeal , chocolate chip and peanut butter . 
 i did get help-fox , grace , devin and mike all pitched in . 
 `` i remember these , '' weldon bit into a peanut butter cookie with a satisfied sigh . 
 `` i remember you could eat a dozen by yourself , '' i said , handing him a glass of milk . 
 `` why is everyone getting cookies and i 'm just now hearing about it ? '' 
 kiarra folded in with adam , merrill , griffin and amara . 
 `` baby , may i hug you ? '' 
 griffin came over and looked at me with the saddest expression on his face . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 refuse and embarrass both of us in front of all those people ? 
 `` i guess , '' i said . 
 griffin hugged me tightly . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , baby , '' he whispered against my ear . 
 `` just believe me when i say i love you . '' 
 he kissed my temple and was wiping his cheeks when he stepped away from me . 
 `` it 's not worth crying over , '' i said , handing him a napkin . 
 `` sweetheart , you have no idea what you 're worth , '' he said . 
 amara came over and hugged me , too . 
 i know she wanted me to call her mom . 
 i just could n't . 
 maybe someday but not that day , and she had n't done anything to deserve otherwise . 
 i was going to have to get comfortable with the idea , first . 
 `` cookies ! '' 
 my nieces appeared , bringing flavio , dalroy and rhett with them . 
 i was worried we 'd have to make more . 
 `` this is the first time i ever got to eat anything lissa cooked , '' wlodek was very happy with the oatmeal cookies . 
 `` you , maybe , '' i said . 
 `` merrill there was drinking coffee and eating barbecue at least once a week the whole time i stayed with him . '' 
 i wanted to call merrill names . 
 tell him how awful he was . 
 i could n't . 
 kiarra was right there , and everybody else was watching . 
 the vampire mask slid into place . 
 `` you knew that ? '' 
 merrill looked shocked . 
 `` you came in smelling like barbecue or some other thing all the time , '' i said , hugging myself and turning away . 
 `` i knew you were n't just vampire the first time i met you . 
 those sunglasses in the range rover were n't franklin 's either . 
 you think i 'd let that cat out of the bag and risk my life doing it ? 
 jerk , '' i muttered . 
 `` lissa , we treated you like a baby vampire and that was perhaps our greatest failing , '' wlodek admitted . 
 `` yeah , well , you ca n't undo it now , '' i mumbled , deliberately refusing to look at him . 
 `` go forward with us , instead , '' adam offered . 
 he and i had never really talked , but he was there in front of me suddenly , lifting my chin with his fingers . 
 `` leave the past in the past , pretty girl . 
 there 's a world of light in front of you now ; all you have to do is walk in it . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i can , '' the tears dripped down my cheeks . 
 `` let it go , '' adam whispered . 
 connegar was beside me , suddenly . 
 `` you will try , wo n't you , little rose ? '' 
 connegar lifted me in a warm embrace and never said a word when i wrapped my arms around his neck and sobbed . 
 * * * `` mother , lissa needed to get away for a while . '' 
 connegar set me down at yet another large , granite island-the one in conner 's kitchen . 
 conner was there having a late dinner with russell , will and martin . 
 franklin , his mates shane and tomas were also there . 
 `` hi , honey , '' i walked over to give franklin a hug as soon as connegar let me go . 
 `` hi , other honey , '' i gave shane a hug , too . 
 `` third honey , '' i hugged tomas . 
 `` lissa , why have you been crying ? '' 
 franklin pulled me against him and wiped my cheeks gently with a thumb . 
 `` long story , '' i sniffled , wiping my own cheeks . 
 `` do i look like shit , now ? '' 
 `` no , sweetheart , '' franklin pulled me against him . 
 `` you need to come over and see us more often , '' he scolded gently . 
 `` i would not object if i were notified more often of the queen 's movements . 
 i have attempted to see her many times , '' erland morphis folded in . 
 i stared-i know i did . 
 i 'd seen him once before , in the arboretum above the high demon 's palace . 
 `` he 's mated to some of ours , '' frank said softly . 
 `` that 's how he found out you were with us . '' 
 `` do you remember meeting me ? '' 
 i asked erland , leaning against franklin and putting my head on his shoulder . 
 yeah , i missed franklin . 
 a lot . 
 `` when did we meet ? '' 
 he did n't remember . 
 well , kifirin had taken me to the future , so this erland had no recollection of meeting me . 
 `` forty years in the future , '' i sighed . 
 `` kifirin took me to veshtul . 
 we met in the palace arboretum . 
 you told me you were a karathian warlock , and never cast dark spells . '' 
 `` fascinating . 
 did i also inform you that you are one of two women i would like to have in my bed ? '' 
 `` uh , no . 
 and that 's not embarrassing or anything . 
 i thought you were attracted to males . '' 
 `` i am currently attracted to males , but i would beg if it would get me into your bed . '' 
 `` uh-huh , '' i said , snuggling against franklin . 
 maybe this conversation did n't embarrass erland morphis , but it sure as hell embarrassed me . 
 `` see , i am forever to be rebuffed by the two females i would enjoy making love with , '' erland declared , tossing up a hand . 
 it made me wonder who the other woman was-after all , he was the second most beautiful male i 'd ever seen . 
 `` and the other is ? '' 
 i asked , mildly curious . 
 `` glindarok . 
 only she treats me exactly the same , '' erland grumbled . 
 `` my lissa thinks i am the second most beautiful man she knows . 
 my glinda thinks i am the most beautiful . '' 
 well , he 'd just plucked the thoughts right from my head . 
 the schmuck . 
 `` she has n't met kifirin , has she ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she could n't think erland was more beautiful than that . 
 `` avilepha , did you call my name ? '' 
 the most beautiful man i 'd ever met showed up right then , as if he were listening for his name to be called . 
 nexus echo . 
 i could n't decide if that was a good or a bad thing . 
 `` i did mention your name , '' i admitted . 
 everybody in conner 's kitchen was now staring at kifirin with their mouths open . 
 he had an angel 's face . 
 i always thought that , anyway . 
 `` m'hala , you are too kind to me , '' kifirin smiled . 
 `` i am not , stop fibbing , '' i pulled away from franklin and went to swat kifirin lightly on the arm . 
 `` i missed you , you schmuck . '' 
 `` i live for the day you call me darling or any other endearment , '' kifirin sighed . 
 `` do n't count your chickens , honey , '' i said . 
 conner snickered . 
 `` i came to take you away for a bit , love . 
 you appear to need a break . '' 
 kifirin reached out and touched my face gently . 
 it was probably still blotchy from crying . 
 at least the guys were all too polite to mention it . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked , wishing i had a mirror . 
 `` you look beautiful , '' kifirin informed me . 
 `` and i was going to take you to see roff and giff . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i wanted to jump up and down with happiness . 
 `` they 're still alive ? '' 
 i missed roff . 
 loved roff . 
 really wanted to see roff . 
 and giff , too . 
 `` of course . 
 i see i chose the right thing , '' kifirin flashed his perfect smile . 
 `` come avilepha , we will go . '' 
 connegar nodded and smiled at me when i glanced his way , so kifirin lifted me up and we were gone . 
 we were back in the high demons ' palace , only it was n't in the future . 
 i 'm not sure how i knew that , i just did . 
 kifirin set me down , took my hand , kissed it lightly and then led me down a wide hall tiled in the beautiful marble i 'd seen before . 
 the occasional sculpture lined this hall depicting high demons , both humanoid and in their thifilathi . 
 that was n't scary or anything . 
 those thifilathi sculptures were life-sized and around sixteen to eighteen feet tall , which meant the hall itself was much taller than that . 
 we stopped at a door carved in ornate patterns and inlaid with gold , silver and semiprecious stones . 
 the knob was also a carved oval in gold . 
 kifirin knocked out of politeness and then blew the door inward with power . 
 gardevik stood there with his brother jaydevik and a woman was held behind king jayd . 
 jayd looked as if he were about to explode or go thifilathi . 
 garde breathed a sigh of relief when he saw it was kifirin and me . 
 honestly , i was n't looking forward to a battle between kifirin and jayd and was glad jayd backed down . 
 `` we wish to see roff and giff , '' kifirin announced , as the woman elbowed jayd aside and then stepped around him . 
 `` wait , '' she said . 
 `` i have n't been introduced to the person who saved us . '' 
 she came forward and held out her hand . 
 `` i am glindarok , '' she said . 
 `` queen of the high demons . '' 
 there was n't any way around it , she was gorgeous . 
 long , white hair hung down to her waist and she had blue eyes and beautiful skin . 
 she was n't much taller than i was , either . 
 i took her hand . 
 `` i wanted to meet you as soon as i found out you still lived , '' she said . 
 `` well , here i am , '' i replied . 
 `` i 'm lissa , but then you already know that . 
 erland morphis just told me that you were the first woman he ever wanted to go to bed with . '' 
 `` why did that idiot tell you that ? '' 
 she asked , smiling and releasing my hand . 
 `` because he informed lissa that she 's the other female he wishes to take to his bed , '' kifirin announced . 
 i wanted to elbow him in the ribs for that . 
 `` as if he has time for a female , '' i snipped . 
 `` his first love is erland morphis , and any woman would stand behind a long line of males on the rest of his list . '' 
 `` exactly what i always thought , '' glinda laughed . 
 roff walked into the room at that moment , followed by giff , who was carrying a baby . 
 `` roff , '' i whimpered , wanting to run to him . 
 i held myself back . 
 `` is this our queen ? '' 
 roff asked , coming forward . 
 this roff did n't know me . 
 had never met me , or kissed me or held me . 
 i missed the roff who 'd done all those things . 
 `` honey , i 've missed you , '' i said , afraid to touch him . 
 `` you call me an endearment ? '' 
 roff was surprised , i could tell . 
 `` do you not want that ? '' 
 i asked , worried . 
 `` i should be kneeling at your feet , '' he said , shocking me . 
 `` honey , do n't you ever do that , '' i said . 
 `` ever . '' 
 i could n't help it ; i went to him and hugged him . 
 `` the queen loves you , roff , '' kifirin said softly . 
 roff 's arms went around me . 
 `` would you like to offer your blood , roff ? '' 
 kifirin asked ; his head suddenly next to roff 's ear . 
 i was n't about to take much , just enough to give him satisfaction . 
 roff could n't speak , but he was eager . 
 i held him away from me . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you , '' i said , leaning in to kiss him . 
 roff was ready now , and giff watched in wonder as i leaned in , placed another kiss on roff 's neck and bit him as gently as i could . 
 roff cried out in ecstasy and i held him while his body convulsed against mine . 
 he was now holding onto me as hard as i was holding onto him . 
 the high demons were watching all of this , i noticed , when i licked roff 's neck to heal it and leaned away from him . 
 `` did you like that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` very much , '' roff 's voice was hoarse , his brown eyes still clouded with pleasure . 
 `` i would like to do it again . '' 
 `` i did n't take much from you , but you still do n't need to do this again for a few days . 
 is that little toff back there with giff ? 
 you need your strength to take care of him . '' 
 `` yes , '' roff was still trying to gather his wits as he motioned giff forward . 
 `` hey , baby , '' i played with toff 's little hands . 
 he was adorable and the proud owner of a full set of teeth-i saw that right away when he yawned in giff 's arms . 
 `` they eat animal protein , straight from the birthing sac , '' kifirin informed me . 
 `` because you made them that way , '' i looked up at kifirin , who shrugged . 
 `` what would your first law be , if you were queen on le-ath veronis ? '' 
 kifirin said instead . 
 `` that it would be a death sentence if anyone drank from a child , '' i replied instantly . 
 `` the rights of the comesuli should be considered first , do n't you think ? '' 
 kifirin 's eyes lit up as he smiled at me . 
 `` i will bring you a copy of the old laws , '' he said . 
 `` the first of which levied a death sentence upon anyone who drank from a child . '' 
 roff and giff were listening to us , their eyes shining . 
 `` their rights first ? '' 
 jayd asked as he , glinda and garde moved closer . 
 `` you are looking at potential vampires . 
 they are vampire young in that respect and i have it on good authority that roff and giff are winged infilathi and will make winged vampires . 
 i want to see that for myself . 
 how would you treat your children , raoni ? '' 
 i gave jayd a hard look . 
 `` we have laws protecting our children , '' glinda said . 
 `` we should have understood what the commons meant to your race . '' 
 `` avilepha , we should go , '' kifirin said . 
 i nodded . 
 no sense getting the high demon king all riled up-it could affect the way roff , giff and the others were treated . 
 `` sorry we barged in on you like this , '' i apologized . 
 `` kifirin offered me the chance to see roff and i could n't turn it down . '' 
 `` you came only to see me ? '' 
 roff asked . 
 `` i came mostly to see you . 
 and giff , and little toff . 
 i hope i get to see you again soon . '' 
 i gave roff another kiss before kifirin folded me away . 
 * * * `` roff , i think you 're special to the vampire queen , '' glinda gave him a hug . 
 `` i can not believe it , '' roff said . 
 `` why did she pick me ? '' 
 `` why would n't she pick you ? '' 
 garde patted roff on the shoulder . 
 `` perhaps we should take toff to the kitchens , he looks hungry , '' giff said . 
 `` do you think so ? '' 
 roff lifted his youngest child out of his oldest child 's arms . 
 `` let us go feed toff , then , '' roff agreed , smiling as they walked out of glinda 's suite . 
 `` in less than half a click , this story is going to be all over veshtul , '' jayd moaned . 
 `` stop whining , '' glinda slapped jayd 's stomach with the back of her hand . 
 * * * `` the queen gave the rapture ? 
 truly ? '' 
 those words were spoken from one comesula to the next until it was all over veshtul , just as jayd said . 
 * * * kifirin spent the night with me , but left early in the morning after kissing me while i was still asleep . 
 just as well , i had things to do . 
 more gates waited and i got another five , for a total of fifty-four nesting pairs . 
 flakkar were just filthy and foul and if i 'd had more time and energy , i 'd have looked to find where they came from and what their natural enemies were . 
 i might have also gone looking to find how they 'd gotten there to begin with , but that would have to wait . 
 people were dying in the meantime and i could only do so many things at once . 
 my nap came next and when i came out of my suite later to find a snack , karzac was sitting at the island having a cup of tea . 
 `` hey , karzac , i have n't seen you in a while , '' i said , unable to resist rubbing his back . 
 `` i have been giving inoculations on ooblerik , '' karzac sighed . 
 `` jeff and i volunteered to help the indigent population there . 
 this does not violate the noninterference rules since we only use normal abilities for this . '' 
 `` how 's it going , then ? '' 
 i poured some juice and sat beside him with my glass . 
 `` we are currently in the middle of what should be classified as a jungle , '' karzac replied . 
 `` conditions are deplorable and many children are ill already . 
 a border war is also threatening , so time may be short . '' 
 `` that sounds awful , '' i said . 
 `` why are they trying to wage war if people are sick ? 
 that makes no sense at all . 
 seems to me you 're putting your life and the lives of your soldiers in danger if you send them into an epidemic . '' 
 `` i think this as well , but often dictators and despots only think of the ground to be gained , the revenge to be had or the notoriety to be earned . 
 they care nothing for the lives of the people . '' 
 his words made me think of the high demons who made a pact with the ra'ak , but i did n't voice those thoughts aloud . 
 `` when are you going back ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` when i finish my tea , '' he said and emptied his cup . 
 `` please be careful , '' i said , patting his shoulder as he stood . 
 `` i will , '' he replied and folded away . 
 i was still sitting there sipping my juice when something happened , and if i 'd thought my skin itched before when something terrible was about to happen , well , it was on fire now and all i could think about was karzac . 
 i did n't even take time to look or worry about folding where i wanted to go , i just did it . 
 i flung myself out and found myself in the middle of the jungle karzac had described , with an army advancing toward a village and firing weapons as they marched in . 
 the village was in chaos while people screamed and ran away from the encroaching troops . 
 children wept as parents shouted their names-the adults were frantically attempting to get the young and the old ones away while others fought off the invaders . 
 karzac was there , too-i just knew it . 
 i had a choice to make and i made it quickly . 
 people are frightened when they 're turned to mist and they do n't know what is happening or how it happened , but it could n't be helped . 
 i 'd chosen to take them out of harm 's way instead of gathering up the enemy forces right then . 
 karzac and jeff were both in the group i gathered , with sixty villagers , including their children . 
 i dropped them off two miles away , and they were still screaming and crying when they materialized . 
 i 'll be back ; i sent to karzac and headed toward the advancing army . 
 weapons misted out of hands and i dropped them into the nearby river before going back for the soldiers . 
 i figured i could find where they came from easily ; i had the resources , now . 
 it did n't take long to gather them up , although a few had scattered in fear . 
 there was one more thing i collected before heading toward their village and the schmuck who 'd sent them . 
 the soldiers were dropped -lrb- not gently -rrb- in front of the despot 's home , all screaming and shouting , and when the despot himself came out to see what had happened , i left the last gift with him . 
 the young man 's body dropped right on the despot 's head after i released it . 
 the body had been ravaged by the disease and had n't been dead long . 
 the despot went down under the dropped weight and he was cursing and flinging the body away as i misted over his head , flying toward karzac and the others . 
 the medical personnel were still trying to calm the villagers when i arrived . 
 i did my best to appear behind a stand of trees before going to help if i could . 
 `` lissa , if you can place compulsion , now would be a good time , '' karzac was desperate when i reached his and jeff 's side . 
 i nodded ; karzac , jeff and the others were dealing with mass hysteria . 
 `` all will be well , '' i said to the small group they were tending . 
 cries and screams ceased immediately . 
 i went to the next group , doing the same thing until everyone had been calmed . 
 i turned to the volunteers next and told them they 'd gotten advanced warning and managed to get the people to safety . 
 they all nodded at the suggestion . 
 `` is it safe to take them back ? '' 
 karzac asked when i was done . 
 `` for now ; i dumped weapons in the river and then dumped soldiers in the despot 's village , '' i said . 
 `` and i dumped a dead body on top of the despot . 
 i hope it was still contagious . '' 
 `` did he touch it ? '' 
 karzac asked . 
 `` he had to-i dropped it right on him , '' i replied . 
 `` good , '' karzac nodded . 
 `` it takes two weeks for the virus to incubate and he has n't been immunized . 
 he thinks the gods are sending the disease . '' 
 `` maybe they did-for him , anyway , '' i grinned at karzac . 
 `` do you need help getting everybody back home ? '' 
 `` we have it covered , '' jeff came over to talk . 
 `` it 's better if they do n't remember you . '' 
 he was definitely merrill 's son , but he did n't look as much like merrill as franklin did . 
 i sighed . 
 `` you 're probably right , '' i agreed and folded away . 
 i did a victory dance when i reached the villa again-i could fold without even thinking about it ! 
 how cool was that ? 
 * * * `` radomir , i have n't seen you lately , '' i said when i went back to the kitchen after my little side-trip . 
 i wanted a glass of water ; radomir was sitting at the island having a sandwich . 
 `` lissa , i have been with mack and justin at the beach house on kiarra 's private planet . 
 it is quite nice there at the moment . 
 warm , sunny days with little rain . 
 you should go there sometime . '' 
 `` mike said something about that , '' i hedged . 
 i sure did n't want to go if merrill was going to be there . 
 * * * radomir watched lissa closely . 
 he 'd spoken with flavio and wlodek . 
 he 'd heard all the stories , now , about the council , as well as gavin and tony . 
 somehow , they 'd all remembered lissa . 
 an unseen hand had delivered the memories , and now all were clamoring to see the little queen . 
 wlodek had warned him , however . 
 he 'd said lissa might bolt if she learned the council was asking to see her . 
 radomir did n't know what to do . 
 * * * `` is this what you wanted ? '' 
 flavio handed the small card to gavin . 
 `` thank you , honored one , '' gavin reached out to take the card-it was an old driver 's license , something made obsolete by the introduction of id chips . 
 specifically , it was lissa 's driver 's license ; the forged one she 'd gotten when she 'd first been made vampire . 
 gavin had kept it in his wallet since he 'd taken her to the council ; had n't been able to part with it until it , like his memories of lissa , had disappeared . 
 the photograph of lissa was a good one ; she 'd been smiling in it . 
 more than likely , the one who 'd created the id had said something to amuse her . 
 gavin had so seldom accomplished that . 
 `` we 're trying to get her to a council meeting ; i could use her help , '' flavio muttered . 
 `` we have those two we 're holding and if she knows who sired them , '' flavio did n't finish his statement . 
 so many times over the years , that talent would have helped them in their decisions . 
 now they had her back-but would she consent to come ? 
 `` the meeting is tomorrow night , honored one , '' gavin pointed out . 
 `` and i 'm working on this , '' flavio rubbed his forehead . 
 gone were the days when they could command that she come . 
 not only was she a queen that they could no longer threaten , but she was protected . 
 flavio did n't want to think what the larentii alone would do to them if they tried to coerce lissa . 
 and wlodek worried that lissa would simply disappear if she heard the council was seeking her . 
 `` this is a quagmire , '' flavio rubbed his forehead . 
 `` i was told she died . 
 and then was brought back , somehow . 
 is that true ? '' 
 gavin heard that rumor from will-he and tony had found the former vampire in a london pub . 
 will had probably tracked them down , but gavin did n't object ; will had provided information when asked . 
 `` yes . 
 wlodek says that is true . 
 i fail to understand the how or why of it , but we are all grateful . '' 
 wisely , gavin did n't inform flavio of the visit he and anthony had gotten . 
 gavin imagined lissa 's life might be tied up with that one somehow , but was afraid to speculate over it . 
 `` if she consents to come , i wish to be there . 
 only i wish to come in later , before the meeting ends . '' 
 `` i have a better idea , '' flavio said . 
 `` and if anthony were n't in barcelona , now , i 'd include him as well . '' 
 `` he can wait , '' gavin muttered . 
 `` what do you have in mind ? '' 
 * * * `` lissa , you got away last night before i could talk to you , '' wlodek was suddenly beside me as radomir and i were talking . 
 `` wlodek , '' i gave him a slight nod . 
 `` child , you once called me father . '' 
 `` is that what you wanted to talk to me about ? '' 
 i asked , searching his nearly black eyes for an answer . 
 `` no . 
 flavio has two prisoners who have killed humans , and he needs help that only you might provide . 
 there are two others he suspects of siring the criminals , but he can not be sure and has no desire to bring charges against the wrong one . 
 he worries that the prisoners ' sire instructed them in the killing of humans , but they were taught never to reveal their sire 's name . 
 as both were never properly registered with the council , you see how this might turn out . '' 
 he was right-i could definitely see how this might turn out . 
 `` and the laws have changed , daughter , '' wlodek added . 
 `` if a vampire is not formally charged with a crime , he can not be placed under compulsion by the council . 
 the two suspected sires will only be questioned . '' 
 `` are the prisoners really criminals or were they just turned and allowed to roam free ? '' 
 i asked . 
 if they 'd killed accidentally while feeding themselves , there was no easy answers on this . 
 `` lissa , they have been questioned under compulsion and both have admitted to killing donors . 
 it gave them pleasure to do so . 
 however , as they were instructed not to reveal the name of their sire , flavio can not get around that . 
 i can obtain copies of the records ; charles will be happy to bring them to you if you wish . 
 flavio only wishes to get to the bottom of this before sentencing . 
 i told him you could give him the necessary information . '' 
 `` when is the meeting , father ? '' 
 i sighed , resting my head on my arms at the island . 
 `` it is tomorrow night , child , '' wlodek rubbed my back gently . 
 `` gavin always said you carried stress in your neck and shoulders . '' 
 he rubbed my neck carefully before moving to my shoulders . 
 `` merrill and i will take you to the meeting and ensure you remain safe there . '' 
 i stiffened when he mentioned merrill 's name , but nodded while his hands carefully worked the kinks from my shoulders . 
 once upon a time , i 'd have scoffed at the mere suggestion that any gentleness existed in the head of the council . 
 * * * flakkar were waiting for me the following morning . 
 i got four gates that day , but they were very far apart and difficult to reach . 
 nevertheless , the flakkar died as quickly as i could make it happen . 
 two of the worlds were preindustrial , which made it worse . 
 `` baby , where have you been ? '' 
 drake and drew were both in my bedroom when i returned to the villa . 
 `` cleaning up a mess , '' i yawned . 
 either the gating or the killing of the flakkar always tired me out . 
 or perhaps it was both , how did i know ? 
 `` i could ask you the same thing . '' 
 i gave the twins a weary smile . 
 `` all you have to do is call our name and we 'll be right there , '' drake said . 
 he sounded disappointed that i had n't done so . 
 `` i really need a shower and a nap , '' i pointed out . 
 `` then we 'll help , '' drew slid off the bed and came to me . 
 i laid my head against his chest and wrapped my arms around his waist . 
 he pulled his arms around me and they were warm , thick with muscle and the best thing in the world right then . 
 i got my shower without any extracurricular activity . 
 drake did tell me i was n't eating enough-he said i was n't gaining my weight back as quickly as i should . 
 `` if karzac takes the time to check on you , baby , he might be upset , '' drake breathed against my ear as he covered me up later with a light blanket . 
 i was left to take my nap but got the impression they 'd be waiting when i got up . 
 dinner was waiting when i woke and shuffled into the kitchen . 
 grace and devin cooked since it was sunday and one of mike and jamie 's days off . 
 somebody asked for turkey and dressing . 
 who knew that somebody would cook it outside the normal holidays ? 
 i was glad to get it-hadn ' t had anything like it in a long time and i stuffed myself . 
 `` she 's eating a decent meal , '' drew hugged me as i had more dressing . 
 before , food like that would have made me blow up like a balloon . 
 i changed into a nicer outfit later ; black slacks with a cranberry blouse . 
 then i brushed my teeth and braided my hair for the council meeting . 
 wlodek and merrill did come to get me just as wlodek said . 
 drake and drew would have come along too if they 'd been allowed . 
 merrill had to promise them i 'd come back in one piece before they stopped grumbling . 
 the council was now meeting beneath an old church they 'd bought and renovated . 
 the church itself was open during the day for tourists and public tours . 
 it was only at night-on certain nights-that vampires came and the grounds were guarded and off-limits to anyone else . 
 a door behind the pulpit led downward to the meeting cellar , and it was not only hidden but built better than a bank vault . 
 henri and gervais were guarding the door when we arrived . 
 both stood straight and tall as i passed them . 
 i recalled how we 'd worked together to improve their misting time . 
 i wanted to hug both of them , but that would n't do . 
 sighing , i passed them by and walked down steps leading to the council chamber , flanked by wlodek and merrill . 
 someone had recreated the horseshoe-shaped table in carved stone , but there were comfortable chairs placed around it now and the council was already seated . 
 charles was there , not only as flavio 's chief of staff , but also as a council member , along with dalroy and rhett . 
 finally , american vampires had broken into the european aristocracy ; council members were automatic members . 
 what shocked me , however , was what happened as soon as wlodek , merrill and i walked into the large , underground room-every council member , including flavio , rose from their seat . 
 i figured it was out of respect for wlodek . 
 he was flavio 's sire after all , and had held the head position for a very long time . 
 merrill steered me to a spot at the left where there were seats waiting for us . 
 we sat and the council sat . 
 `` bring the prisoners forward , as well as our two guests , '' flavio ordered as soon as the council was seated and comfortable . 
 two vampires in cuffs much like those i 'd seen on refizan were brought forward . 
 i recognized trevor ; he was still an assassin and tonight he was in charge of the prisoners . 
 he was still around , at least . 
 the two who were missing from this meeting were gavin and tony . 
 i sighed as quietly as i could . 
 baxter and dmitri , two enforcers i recognized from before , brought both vampire witnesses forward . 
 there were several other faces around the room i did n't recognize-vampires who 'd taken the spots vacated by radomir and the others . 
 i 'd know their scents next time , though . 
 `` i must beg the indulgence of our queen , '' flavio said inside the dim interior of the council hall . 
 that caught my attention . 
 he was addressing me as queen ? 
 that was unexpected . 
 wlodek must have convinced him somehow . 
 i knew flavio wanted me to discern the paternity of the two prisoners standing before him . 
 i rose from my seat . 
 baxter and dmitri were waiting next to the two unfettered vampires . 
 i already knew what flavio desired to know before i approached . 
 `` your name ? '' 
 i asked the first of the unfettered ones . 
 `` samuel , '' he replied , watching me with wonder in his eyes . 
 he 'd never seen a female vampire before ; i would have bet on it . 
 now he was seeing two-susila was still on the council . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 i asked the second one . 
 `` petrus , '' he replied . 
 `` honored one , '' i turned to flavio . 
 `` petrus sired both these vampires ; samuel did not make them . '' 
 i jerked my head toward the prisoners . 
 all three-petrus and his two turns-held taint . 
 all were guilty in some way . 
 petrus attempted to get away but trevor , dmitri and baxter had him subdued and cuffed after a very brief struggle . 
 samuel had gone to his knees and was thanking me , i discovered , just as soon as the scuffle with petrus was over . 
 baxter pulled samuel up and escorted him from the hall . 
 `` now , petrus , '' flavio placed compulsion , `` tell me why you implicated samuel as the sire for these two . '' 
 i was escorted to my seat by dmitri and we all sat and listened while petrus explained under compulsion that he wanted to draw attention away from himself . 
 he 'd turned his two murdering children in and implicated samuel as their sire because he and samuel had once been friends but had a falling out over the years . 
 samuel did n't agree with petrus ' views on blood substitute , it seemed . 
 petrus , who 'd been turned after blood substitute was created , had never been taught to take blood from a donor by his sire , who wished to prevent petrus from taking from a donor to begin with . 
 petrus had taught himself-with the occasional mistake , here and there . 
 that alone would have earned him a death sentence . 
 he was barely a hundred years of age and had created and then taught the other two now on trial . 
 i knew how this was going to end ; trevor beheaded all three of them when the sentences were passed . 
 `` lissa , this is montrose , '' wlodek introduced me to the council members afterward . 
 i nodded to him and took his hand when he smiled and offered it . 
 jarl , the one remaining member who 'd voted for my death in the beginning was next . 
 there was another new member i had n't met ; he 'd taken flavio 's place when flavio took over wlodek 's position . 
 his name was friedrich and he was nearly as old as flavio . 
 i shook hands with him ; susila and oluwa smiled widely when i was introduced to them . 
 rhett and dalroy offered their hands right away ; charles gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek . 
 `` bubba , you look good as a member of the council , '' i patted charles on the back when he let me go . 
 `` do i ? '' 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` yeah , that outfit says it all , '' i told him . 
 the 1930s were n't in only for women . 
 he looked good in his double-breasted , pinstripe suit . 
 `` we 're going over to flavio 's for a drink , '' charles said . 
 `` why do n't you come ? 
 merrill and wlodek have been invited and both want to go . '' 
 `` now , you know i ca n't hold my liquor , '' i said . 
 i was n't sure about sitting down for a glass of wine with flavio , merrill and wlodek . 
 charles would be fine-in fact , i would n't mind going to a bar in london with him , for old time 's sake . 
 `` nah , come to flavio 's . 
 i promise to keep you from getting blitzed . '' 
 `` we 'll come , '' wlodek was there beside me , placing an arm around my shoulders . 
 `` good , '' charles grinned . 
 `` give us half an hour to drive . '' 
 i followed merrill and wlodek up the stairs and out of the church where hovercars were waiting to take everyone home . 
 we folded away , landing on the doorstep of what was once wlodek 's mansion . 
 flavio had it now . 
 rolfe answered the door just as he always did and i could n't help myself , i was hugging him and crying happy tears . 
 `` i was so afraid you 'd be gone , '' i brushed away tears when i looked up at rolfe . 
 he would have been a welcome addition to any basketball team with his height and agility . 
 i 'd seen him fight . 
 `` little queen , '' rolfe smiled down at me . 
 i blinked at him . 
 how did he know ? 
 perhaps flavio had informed him , or he 'd overheard it . 
 rolfe heard everything , after all . 
 `` rolfe knew i was a queen before anyone else did , '' i hugged his waist again before wlodek moved me away from the door . 
 `` we should listen to rolfe more often , then , '' merrill observed . 
 `` i think you should , too , '' i told him , causing an eyebrow to rise . 
 flavio , charles , rhett and dalroy came in later . 
 wlodek led me to the library in the house instead of the study where i 'd always been taken before . 
 i 'd never been in the library , i realized . 
 merrill pulled in several bottles of wine-white and red-and uncorked them . 
 charles handed out glasses as merrill poured . 
 `` thank you for your help , lissa , '' flavio said , raising his wineglass to me . 
 `` you made this so much simpler for us since the council now knows you can scent the blood . 
 charles and i already guessed at the truth , but we could n't tip our hand . 
 we have carefully hidden the fact that we are n't completely vampire , now . '' 
 `` so you already knew samuel was innocent , '' i said . 
 `` i did . 
 but how do you explain this to the council without them learning you are n't one hundred percent vampire any longer ? 
 merrill hid his from us , even from father . 
 we never knew until after he became saa thalarr . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you did n't smell the barbecue , '' i muttered , sipping my wine . 
 `` lissa , you must have smelled it through my pores-i always took care to change and clean up , '' merrill chuckled . 
 well , somebody was in a good mood . 
 `` her nose is better than any i 've ever seen , '' dalroy hauled out mixed nuts and pretzels . 
 rhett and dalroy were having a beer . 
 well , my nieces ' blood had worked wonders for those two . 
 flavio , too ; he was dipping into the pretzels . 
 `` lissa , will you come with me to the kitchen ? 
 i need help getting ice and cookies . '' 
 charles grinned at me . 
 `` you have cookies ? 
 what kind ? '' 
 i was interested . 
 `` i do n't know , kyler brought them earlier , '' charles said . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he motioned for me to follow . 
 i followed . 
 we made it to the bottom of the grand staircase when radomir folded in , and gavin was with him . 
 i squared my shoulders and looked away . 
 gavin did n't want me . 
 did n't recognize me . 
 somebody had done that to me . 
 i almost misted away . 
 i never got the chance . 
 gavin can move very , very fast . 
 i 'd seen him do it in the past , after all . 
 he 'd been wlodek 's elite assassin for a reason-very few could stand against him . 
 now , i was crushed in his arms , and he was crying amber tears and calling me every endearment he knew , in every language he knew . 
 chapter 14 `` i do n't believe we were ever on wlodek 's roof before , '' gavin said later . 
 i was still held as tightly against him as he could manage without crushing me . 
 `` we were on merrill 's roof many times , as well as a few hotel roofs and at least one in oklahoma city and another in corpus christi . 
 i remember the one in corpus christi fondly . '' 
 he leaned down and nuzzled my cheek . 
 `` how do you remember ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was still recovering from the shock of it . 
 `` cara , we all did-anthony , i , the council . 
 all at once , the memories arrived . 
 i can not believe how we were made to forget . '' 
 `` winkler 's gone , '' i mumbled , hanging my head . 
 `` i know , '' gavin said softly . 
 `` do not weep again , i beg you . '' 
 i 'd been crying , right along with gavin , when he 'd swept me up . 
 `` i 'm doing my best , '' i told him , sniffling a little . 
 `` lissa , will you come home with me ? '' 
 gavin asked . 
 `` honey , i do n't even know where you live , '' i replied . 
 `` anthony and i live at rene 's old home , '' gavin informed me softly . 
 i 'm going home with gavin , i sent to charles . 
 i will inform the others , came the reply . 
 i hoped the others included my twins . 
 yeah , i thought of them as mine . 
 i hoped they still thought of me as theirs when i did n't come home tonight . 
 `` i know there are others , '' it was as if gavin were reading my mind . 
 `` i do not care , love . 
 take as many as you like as long as i am included in that number . 
 something can be worked out among us , surely . '' 
 `` i hope so , too , '' i said . 
 `` wait until you meet connegar , '' i said , more brightly . 
 `` you should get along with him , for sure . '' 
 i folded us to rene 's old home . 
 `` anthony is on assignment , '' gavin said as soon as we settled in the dining room . 
 the floor to ceiling windows were still there , i noticed , although the table and chairs were different . 
 `` we donated much of the furniture to a museum , '' gavin explained , hugging me . 
 `` there is an entire exhibit of period furniture now , and it is referred to as the de la roque exhibit . '' 
 `` rene would have liked that , '' i nodded . 
 i wondered if connegar had been to see it . 
 `` lissa , is it too much to ask for you to come to bed with me ? '' 
 `` i want to , '' i said . 
 `` but there 's something i have to do first . '' 
 `` and that would be ? '' 
 gavin thought he was going to have to wait and there was disappointment in his face and his voice . 
 `` i have to give permission before you take my blood . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 i looked up into his face and those beautiful brown eyes . 
 `` i am , '' he nodded . 
 `` my blood is a gift to you , gavin , '' i said , placing my hands on his face . 
 `` you will take no harm from it . 
 there are no bindings or conditions-it is freely given . '' 
 `` i can bite you now ? '' 
 he was smiling . 
 `` you can bite me now . 
 i was hoping we 'd be in bed when you did it , though . '' 
 `` then i will show you my bed . '' 
 he lifted me up and carried me halfway through the house just as fast as he could . 
 did i expect gavin to pass out the minute he got my blood ? 
 no . 
 he did , though . 
 and he was snoring softly , instead of going into the rejuvenating sleep . 
 well , i did n't know that would happen . 
 eventually , i curled up beside him and went to sleep , too . 
 * * * `` lissa ? '' 
 someone was shaking my shoulder , trying to wake me . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i mumbled , keeping my eyes tightly shut . 
 `` lissa , will you explain to me , please , why i am awake in daylight ? '' 
 uh-oh . 
 fuck . 
 fuck cubed . 
 that was gavin 's voice . 
 what had i done ? 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i opened my eyes to find gavin 's worried face leaning over mine . 
 `` it is after eight , the sun has been up for more than two hours and i am awake . 
 explain this , please . '' 
 `` uh , gavin , i did n't know this would happen . 
 honest . 
 ever since i came back to myself after the big bang , so to speak , i knew i had to give permission if anybody wanted to take my blood . 
 i just thought it would keep you alive . 
 i did n't know this would happen . '' 
 `` i still have my fangs and claws , and can still drink blood-i have done so already , '' gavin said , sounding miffed and mystified all at once . 
 `` well , now you know how i felt after griffin gave me his blood . 
 at least you know what happened-i did n't - not for a while , anyway . '' 
 `` i can still operate as a vampire , as you did ? '' 
 gavin asked . 
 `` yes . 
 the only thing that 's changed is your ability to walk in daylight . 
 you get to choose when you want to sleep , now . '' 
 `` the honored one will ask for my resignation , '' gavin flopped onto his back beside me . 
 `` the honored one might surprise you , '' i said tartly . 
 `` come on , we 'll go see him right now . '' 
 `` he will be sleeping , '' gavin muttered . 
 `` let 's find out . '' 
 i sent mindspeech-flavio was still awake . 
 i 'll be there in a minute , i sent . 
 flavio sounded sleepy but said he 'd be waiting . 
 gavin and i had to dress first and he grumbled the entire time . 
 it was worth it , though , to see his and flavio 's faces when we folded in . 
 `` lissa beth , does this mean what i think it means ? '' 
 flavio was wide-awake now , i noticed . 
 `` i guess . 
 i did n't know it was going to happen-honest . '' 
 `` honored one , why are you awake long past sunrise ? '' 
 gavin asked , folding his arms over his chest . 
 `` the same reason you 're awake , '' flavio snapped . 
 `` and if you want further proof , go see charles , rhett and dalroy right now . 
 all will be awake or able to rise for exactly the same reasons . '' 
 `` your blood did this ? '' 
 gavin stared at me . 
 `` those guys bit somebody else with the talent , not me , '' i said , smacking him lightly on the arm . 
 `` but on the brighter side , you can have pancakes for breakfast with me . '' 
 `` pancakes ? '' 
 flavio was interested , i could tell . 
 `` come on , '' i folded both of them to the villa . 
 mike was fine with me fixing pancakes for breakfast and radomir wandered in while i was mixing batter and broiling bacon . 
 he got breakfast , too . 
 `` want to try coffee ? '' 
 i asked gavin , who frowned at me-he was very much into his syrup-covered pancakes , thank you . 
 the bacon disappeared , too , i noticed . 
 i had my short stack and slice of bacon with coffee while i listened to gavin , flavio and radomir discussing current vampire politics and events . 
 they were having a great time , just having breakfast together . 
 `` see , i told you the honored one would n't be upset , '' i made a face at gavin . 
 `` you are so beautiful , cara , '' gavin mumbled , kissing my hand . 
 `` my nieces are more beautiful , '' i said . 
 `` you have nieces ? '' 
 gavin stared at me . 
 `` i did n't know either , '' i said . 
 `` but they 're twins . 
 kyler and cleo . '' 
 `` i have seen kyler , '' gavin nodded . 
 `` with the honored one , here . 
 she is quite beautiful , but to me , you are lovelier . 
 will you spend the day with me , cara mia ? '' 
 `` i have some work to do , or i would , '' i replied . 
 `` i 'll get you and flavio home , first . '' 
 `` i 'll take them home , '' radomir offered . 
 `` thanks , '' i told him , gave gavin a quick kiss and took off . 
 gavin had changed-i could see it from a mile away . 
 the edge had been removed from his temper , from the moment i 'd offered him blood . 
 who knew ? 
 now , i had four more gates to get and i was n't dressed to go after flakkar . 
 i went to my bedroom first , dressed quickly in jeans and a pullover then went after ugly , smelly things . 
 i got all four remaining gates before coming back . 
 i did n't expect to find gavin asleep in my bed , though . 
 i did n't bother him , just changed into my swimsuit and went to get in the hot tub . 
 `` now , see , you did n't tell us again , '' drake and drew were there-naked , of course-and sitting right beside me in a blink . 
 `` i have been waiting for you as well , '' connegar appeared , undressed with a thought and climbed into the water . 
 he had to make himself smaller so the water would n't come to his waist . 
 `` hey , thanks for calling me , '' shadow slapped drake on the back and climbed in too . 
 all of them were naked-had they no shame ? 
 `` uh , gavin 's asleep in my bed , '' i muttered , sinking into the hot water . 
 `` all right , '' the twins gave each other a high five . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we had a bet going with dad and uncle crane on how long it would take him to come to his senses , '' drake laughed . 
 `` we just won . '' 
 `` i 'm gon na pull both your braids , '' i grumped . 
 `` sounds good , '' drake said , scooting closer . 
 `` gavin received lissa 's blood and is now capable of walking in daylight , '' connegar observed . 
 `` even better ! '' 
 drew laughed . 
 `` we 'll sick him on dad and uncle crane . 
 we 'll see how a vampire assassin stacks up to the falchani . '' 
 `` i do n't believe this , '' i felt a headache coming on . 
 `` you did not have a midday meal , '' connegar leaned around drew and placed fingers against my forehead . 
 `` you should eat something . '' 
 `` how about pizza ? '' 
 shadow suggested . 
 `` they never make it at grey house . '' 
 that was how we all ended up eating pizza while soaking in the hot tub ten minutes later . 
 mack and justin came in , bent time and came back with enough pizzas to feed an army . 
 they also got into the hot tub and did n't mind a bit that they were naked , either . 
 grace and devin had to be proud . 
 `` lissa beth , what is going on ? '' 
 that was gavin and he was now awake and looking for me . 
 `` gavin , i 'm eating pizza and soaking in the hot tub with a bunch of naked men , '' i answered honestly , looking up at him-he was standing over me on the flagstone floor . 
 `` are all these yours ? '' 
 he had hands on his hips . 
 `` those two are n't , '' i pointed out mack and justin . 
 `` but they brought pizza so i 'm not complaining . '' 
 that made justin snicker . 
 we had to do introductions after gavin removed his clothing and climbed in nude . 
 he 'd been right all along-it was impossible to embarrass an old vampire . 
 he did n't have a thing to be ashamed of , but then nobody else did , either . 
 gavin was shocked when connegar pulled himself to his full height so he could see . 
 he 'd seen pheligar once but connegar was a full foot taller . 
 gavin was duly impressed , even for a vampire . 
 `` this is shadow grey , a master wizard of grey house , '' i introduced him . 
 shadow offered his hand and grinned . 
 gavin shook . 
 `` and these are drake and drew-they 're falchani , '' i explained . 
 gavin shook with them as well . 
 `` we want you to come and spar with dad and uncle crane , '' drake informed gavin . 
 `` drake , i 'm not sure they want to see what a grumpy vampire is like , '' i intervened . 
 `` cara , i am not that bad , '' gavin defended himself . 
 `` like i said , '' i gave gavin a pointed look . 
 `` do you want pizza ? '' 
 there were still a few slices left . 
 gavin tried it , liked it , and ate three slices . 
 * * * gavin spent the night , and we stayed up late talking . 
 eventually he convinced me to sleep-i was tired and he was used to staying up all night . 
 while he was sleeping after dawn arrived , i rose to do some sleuthing . 
 i wanted to know who 'd sent flakkar to unsuspecting and ill-prepared worlds and why . 
 i revisited several gates , discovering the local populations were trying to put their lives back together after the devastation . 
 it was n't easy ; so many deaths had come with no bodies found to bury . 
 a couple of worlds had found bones inside nests , but that 's all they found . 
 most were desperately trying to make sense out of the whole thing . 
 i was n't having much luck either , until i caught a scent at one gate and it was so slight it was almost non-existent . 
 had they stepped a toe across the gate entrance while they held both sides of the gate open ? 
 that 's the only conclusion i could draw , but the scent was there-dark elemaiya . 
 i looked , too and determined that it would take two to hold a gate open . 
 one could travel through alone , but to hold it open for longer than a second or two ? 
 that took more than one . 
 my dark elemaiya had help . 
 whether it was another dark elemaiya or not , i intended to find out . 
 * * * `` where can i find wrapping paper ? '' 
 i asked later . 
 grace and devin were swimming in the huge pool near the hot tub . 
 i realized i had n't even gotten into the pool , yet . 
 `` what kind of wrapping paper ? '' 
 grace asked , coming over to the side of the pool to look up at me . 
 `` really big wrapping paper ? '' 
 i held my arms out as wide as they 'd go . 
 `` get some regular wrapping paper and ask connegar to enlarge it for you , '' devin suggested . 
 `` i hate to ask him to waste his talents on something like that , '' i said . 
 `` oooh-fabric . 
 maybe i can get fabric . '' 
 i was off like a shot . 
 * * * `` you know , if we could get her to sit still long enough , we might have a good conversation , '' devin laughed . 
 `` i like her , '' grace said . 
 `` she 's not going to sit around and wait for the guys to come save her . 
 she 'll kick ass first , herself . '' 
 `` my boys sure love her , '' devin agreed . 
 `` i do n't think dragon would have appreciated any other woman where they 're concerned . 
 lissa , though , the minute those boys said they wanted her , dragon was okay with it . '' 
 `` how many mothers can say their sons are mated to the vampire queen ? '' 
 grace laughed . 
 `` well , there 's me , conner , who is connegar 's mother , and shannon , shadow 's mother . 
 i think that 's it , '' devin floated away on her back . 
 * * * `` mother would like you to come for a visit , '' connegar helped me wrap the unicorn painting in drapery fabric . 
 it was wide enough and i 'd gotten a floral pattern with wide ribbon to match . 
 i was tying the bow on the package when connegar mentioned his mother . 
 `` i love your mother , '' i said , straightening the bow i 'd just tied . 
 `` did she say why she wants me to visit ? '' 
 i gave the bow a critical look and straightened it again . 
 `` she just wants to give you information , '' connegar smiled . 
 he was on his knees in my closet , holding up the fabric-wrapped painting while i worked on the bow . 
 `` all right , we 'll go now , '' i said , letting him settle the painting against the closet wall . 
 `` am i dressed okay ? '' 
 i looked down at my linen slacks and sandals . 
 i had on a royal blue silk blouse with pearl buttons . 
 `` you look very nice . 
 we will go . '' 
 connegar folded me away before i could change my mind . 
 `` we are here , mother , '' connegar folded us into a beautiful study . 
 conner was there , typing on what was now an archaic computer . 
 it even had a printer for paper copies-also something currently archaic . 
 `` hi , baby , '' she smiled at connegar . 
 `` shane is bringing us iced tea , '' conner told me , turning her smile on me as well . 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 `` i have n't had iced tea in a long time . '' 
 shane did bring us iced tea , winked at me slyly and took off again after leaving petits fours with the tea . 
 i love petits fours . 
 there were two on little saucers with forks and pretty cloth napkins . 
 conner let me take mine first , and it was good . 
 the iced tea was good , too , and mine was unsweetened , just the way i liked it . 
 i got up to examine the huge richard estes painting hanging on the wall in conner 's study . 
 `` i always loved his work , '' i said . 
 conner loved it , too , i could tell . 
 we turned to other things after i sat down again . 
 `` i wanted to talk to you about who you were before , '' conner said after we 'd finished our tea and tiny desserts . 
 `` franklin and greg wanted to be here for this , but i said no . 
 it was difficult enough when i showed them their lives before . '' 
 `` i 'm just glad they found one another again , '' i said . 
 `` they were so close , before . '' 
 `` they have a m'fiyah , '' conner nodded . 
 `` those are generally set before birth by the recipients themselves . 
 i know this ; perhaps one or two others know , but that 's it . 
 they all think they 're given to them . 
 they 're not . 
 they choose . 
 and all parties have to choose before the m'fiyah is granted . '' 
 `` wow . 
 this is really complicated , '' i said . 
 `` i want to show you who you were before , lissa . 
 and there is a reason for this , you just have to trust me , '' conner sighed . 
 `` it is n't to hurt you , or bring up old wounds . 
 it 's just to show you what you can be in the future . 
 you need to see this . '' 
 `` is this gon na be awful ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 've seen enough of awful , lately . '' 
 `` it may be painful , but remember that you are here now and not there then . 
 does that make any sense ? '' 
 conner gave me a small smile . 
 `` i 'm not sure , but we 'll skip over that part , '' i said , shivering . 
 connegar squeezed me gently , offering comfort . 
 `` my son loves you and he 'll be the one bending time . 
 we 'll be there with you , holding your hand , lissa . '' 
 `` what if i freak ? '' 
 i was suddenly gripping connegar 's shirt in my fist . 
 i was terrified , and thinking i must have been awful in my previous life to deserve what i 'd gotten in the current version . 
 `` do not be afraid , little rose , '' connegar said and bent time and folded space before i could object . 
 it was awful . 
 as awful as it could be , and if connegar had n't been holding onto me , i would have misted away and gone somewhere else . 
 anywhere would have worked , just to get away from it . 
 we were on le-ath veronis , and the ra'ak were there . 
 the city was on fire and thick smoke billowed through the streets . 
 buildings exploded and collapsed , sending glass , cascades of bricks and bits of masonry flying everywhere . 
 it was similar to what i 'd seen on the high demons ' world-with the screaming and noise of buildings and structures collapsing . 
 the ra'ak were killing the few vampires and comesuli who remained , and there i was . 
 i knew it was me-the vampire queen-fighting them off as best she could . 
 she did n't have the talents i had ; she was using her speed , her claws and her will to slice into them . 
 her clothing was in tatters as she carved through necks and was blasted away more than once by ra'ak dust . 
 more vampires screamed and died from contact with the poisoned scales and teeth of the ra'ak . 
 the queen vampire pulled herself up and started fighting again . 
 comesuli were swallowed up by feeding ra'ak and the queen went after those monsters next . 
 she was hit ; a long gash down her arm and side and still she fought , trying to buy time for the fleeing comesuli . 
 `` i do n't want to see this , '' i buried my face against connegar 's neck . 
 `` you need to see this . '' 
 it was n't conner beside us any longer-it was the guardian . 
 light and white flame shone around her , and i was compelled to look as the queen-me , in my former existence-went after another ra'ak who was chasing comesuli . 
 a vampire attempted to help her , but he was hit and crushed . 
 the language the queen spoke was one i 'd never heard , but i understood it easily . 
 `` i will take you all down , i swear it ! '' 
 the queen shouted as she sliced into another ra'ak who darted in , attempting to bite her in half . 
 he shrieked and leapt back , while two more came to take his place . 
 it was those two that killed her ; one got a bite in and flung the queen onto the street while the other crushed her body beneath his weight . 
 it was awful . 
 the comesuli died and the remaining vampires died . 
 they had no will left after their queen fell . 
 they 'd died when she did . 
 when i was able to lift my head away from connegar 's shoulder , we were on the larentii homeworld and conner was no longer with us . 
 `` little rose , that was long ago , '' connegar soothed . 
 falaca grazed and bleated about us in their mountain meadow , while i sniffled and wiped my face with shaking fingers . 
 connegar trilled for me and it helped , but i could n't get the images out of my mind . 
 if there had been ra'ak in front of me right then , they would have died . 
 no matter what the cost to me , they would have died . 
 out of all the ra'ak i 'd seen , only one had set aside the murderous tendencies they all seemed to have . 
 gilfraith . 
 i wondered what had made him different . 
 it did n't matter , i suppose . 
 he was far away from them and safe , i hoped . 
 * * * `` my love , where are we going ? '' 
 gilfraith walked alongside fox , who strode purposely through a narrow alley in london . 
 fox wore a stocking cap that hid most of her dark curls and her face held a grim , determined look . 
 `` gil , it 's all right , i just need to pick something up , '' fox replied absently . 
 `` they knew i 'd know about it . 
 it 's here , somewhere . '' 
 the note lay atop an overturned rubbish bin . 
 gilfraith did n't like the scent about it , but he did n't argue-fox would know whether it was dangerous . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he turned worried eyes on his mate instead . 
 nearly a century before , he 'd attempted suicide-by offering himself to the saa thalarr . 
 he had n't manufactured poison , to keep from harming them . 
 he 'd remembered-after a time-just who he 'd been while humanoid . 
 he found everything about the ra'ak -lrb- and himself -rrb- repugnant , and was searching for a way out . 
 the saa thalarr sent to kill him was fox . 
 instead of challenging him , fox retained her humanoid shape and cautiously approached his ra'ak , placing gentle hands on his scales . 
 he 'd turned to ra'ak , hoping the end might be swift . 
 instead , the softest touch was offered and he was lost immediately . 
 now , he worried for his beloved mate . 
 `` gil , you have to trust me , '' fox lifted the envelope . 
 she was ka'mirai . 
 the ones who 'd written the note did n't understand her power . 
 yes , she could make things change . 
 it just did n't happen all at once , as these believed . 
 fox was gifted with the ability to travel the time lines . 
 and she could reason out which small events needed nudging in one direction or another , to create a cascade of events . 
 eventually , things would come out the way she wanted-had she not accepted the invitation to the saa thalarr . 
 now , she could not interfere and remain among them . 
 `` sometimes , '' fox sighed , `` i only have to place the information in the proper hands to make things come out right . '' 
 she shook her head sadly and tapped the envelope . 
 `` so many people dead , just to get their point across . '' 
 gilfraith brushed away fox 's tears . 
 * * * when connegar took me home after spending time on the larentii homeworld , i discovered that radomir had taken gavin home . 
 flavio had a short assignment for him , but he left a note telling me he loved me and would be back as quickly as he could . 
 `` will you be all right , little rose ? '' 
 connegar asked before he left . 
 `` i hope so , '' i said . 
 he kissed me before folding away . 
 i tried reading but that did n't work . 
 i was too restless now and unable to get le-ath veronis out of my head . 
 not only had the vampire planet fallen , but the werewolf planet and who knew how many others . 
 surely , the ra'ak had n't always been so bloodthirsty and evil . 
 or perhaps it was because kifirin was asleep at the time . 
 did his kind get tired ? 
 maybe it was because he was the only one on the dark side while there seemed to be plenty on the light side . 
 maybe i 'd get to the bottom of it someday . 
 meanwhile , there was someone i wanted to visit , and chances are if it were night where he was , he might be awake and accepting visitors . 
 refizan had a gate . 
 i found that by looking , so i gated in instead of folding . 
 the gate was n't far from where i 'd seen the ra'ak appear the first time i 'd seen them . 
 something bothered me about that fact , but i put it out of my head for the moment and turned to mist to find gabron . 
 the brothels had moved ; they were along the riverfront now , as the city had shifted and yawned while i 'd been away . 
 there was a beautiful view of the waters in front of gabron 's brothels-i 'd found them by looking . 
 some things had n't changed-women still wandered around the vestibule either naked or scantily clad when i walked inside . 
 there were naked males there too , as well as some dressed suggestively . 
 i tried not to blush , but was n't sure how successful i was at it . 
 `` may i help you ? '' 
 a male vampire came forward to speak to me as i gawked at my surroundings like a tourist . 
 `` is gabron here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i could see in this one 's eyes that he was just about to send me on my way when he drew in a deep breath . 
 yeah , that seems to get their attention every time . 
 `` i will see if gabron is available , '' he left so fast that papers and debris would have swirled in his wake-if any of those things had been present , that is . 
 i waited less than two minutes before gabron appeared at my side . 
 `` lissa , my queen , what may i do for you ? '' 
 gabron looked as carefully groomed as he always did , his blond hair styled and brushed away from his forehead neatly while gray eyes examined me and a smile tugged at his lips . 
 he had my arm quickly and was ushering me down a long hall . 
 sounds of sexual activity came through several doors we passed . 
 gabron would never apologize for that . 
 i 'd come to accept it , i think . 
 `` i just saw something horrible today and i wanted to get it out of my mind , '' i told him . 
 he hid a smile as he led me through the door into his office and then through another door that scanned his fingers before allowing us through . 
 we walked into his private quarters-i was sure that 's what they were . 
 gabron closed the door quietly behind us . 
 `` you said nearly those same words to me once before , '' he said , leading me down another hall until we came to a sitting room . 
 gabron seated me comfortably and then poured out two glasses of wine laced with blood . 
 we sat there together in silence for a while , both of us sipping our wine and gathering our thoughts . 
 `` i love you , '' gabron said unexpectedly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , turning toward him . 
 `` i loved you the moment i met you . 
 your scent overwhelmed me and shocked me at the same time ; a female vampire , walking down a street in my city and i had no idea how she had come to be there . '' 
 `` gabron , '' i leaned my head on his shoulder and slid down farther into the sofa , `` is solar red still out there somewhere ? '' 
 `` if that foul religion is still alive , it is very well hidden , '' gabron snorted . 
 `` it was outlawed across the reth alliance , and alliance troops were sent out to uproot it wherever it was . 
 that was two hundred years ago , my love . 
 i have not heard of it since . '' 
 `` yet the ra'ak are still around , '' i observed . 
 `` we know that very well ; i thought i lost you when the memory returned , '' gabron sighed . 
 `` i was quite depressed . 
 erland morphis came and demanded i come out of it . 
 he said there was still hope-that he and i might work our way into your affections . '' 
 `` erland , erland , erland , '' i shook my head . 
 i had no explanation for the karathian warlock . 
 he was handsome , though , no doubt about that . 
 `` he is holding off for the moment ; he does not wish to overwhelm you , '' gabron smiled at me before leaning in for a kiss . 
 `` gabron , something happened to the last vampire who took my blood , '' i said . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asked , his mouth wandering across mine , and then over my jaw to my ear . 
 `` they , uh , can walk in daylight , now , '' i said , beginning to breathe in gasps . 
 `` you do n't say , '' gabron nuzzled and kissed my neck . 
 i had to say the words and say them quickly before the bite came and i came right behind it , writhing in gabron 's arms . 
 and then gabron was out-asleep while my blood wrought changes in his body . 
 i sighed , kissed his forehead and misted away . 
 when he woke , gabron had a surprise coming . 
 i just hoped he liked it . 
 * * * `` sure , just go off and leave us behind , '' drake grumped when i folded into the villa 's kitchen later . 
 he and drew sat at the kitchen island , having tea . 
 not normal tea , either-the dark kind that would keep me awake for a week if i drank it . 
 `` drake , honey , do n't be mad , '' i went to give him a hug . 
 `` i will be mad-you need to tell us , next time . 
 you scare me to death , lissa , do you know that ? '' 
 he held my face between two large hands , bumping his forehead against mine while looking straight into my eyes . 
 drew was beside him , waiting for his brother to be finished so he could do the same . 
 `` well , '' i quavered , `` you can always send mindspeech . 
 i 'll answer if i can . '' 
 drake sighed at my words and pulled me into his lap . 
 `` have you had breakfast ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , '' i shook my head . 
 mike made breakfast for me while drake and drew fussed and teased . 
 you could n't keep a smile away from those two for long . 
 `` we have a meeting at gryphon hall , '' drew said when i finished eating . 
 `` kiarra sent mindspeech . 
 she wants you to be there . '' 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 i emptied my coffee cup . 
 `` she wants to discuss the flakkar , and how they 've been attacking worlds , '' drew rumbled . 
 he shook his head-that upset him , i could tell . 
 `` we ca n't do a damn thing about it , '' drake voiced his brother 's thoughts . 
 `` as spawn hunters for the saa thalarr , we 're not allowed to interfere . 
 this is so frustrating . '' 
 i put a hand on drake 's cheek and leaned in to kiss him . 
 they did n't know . 
 none of them did . 
 i was n't saa thalarr . 
 i did n't have their restrictions . 
 and i 'd taken out every stinking flakkar that somebody had dumped on numerous worlds . 
 drake and drew waited while i brushed my teeth , and then folded me to gryphon hall . 
 `` lissa , thank you for coming , '' merrill murmured as he led us to a sofa in kiarra 's library . 
 extra seating had been brought in-looked like all the saa thalarr were coming . 
 i was shocked when they began to fold in . 
 kifirin had told me once , when i 'd been on refizan , that there were seven , but that their numbers would increase . 
 they 'd certainly increased . 
 their healers came , too ; franklin , shane and tomas grinned at me when they appeared with conner , russell , will and martin walters . 
 radomir leaned in and pecked me on the cheek when he appeared with devin , grace , dragon and crane . 
 the library was crowded already , when the larentii came . 
 i learned that pheligar , renegar and three other larentii all operated as liaisons for the saa thalarr . 
 when everyone else had gathered , wlodek and weldon folded in , fox held between them . 
 kiarra went to fox and hugged her . 
 fox wiped tears away . 
 `` we called all of you here , because fox received this earlier . '' 
 kiarra pulled an envelope into her hands . 
 `` it is a message , '' she looked around the room , `` from the elemaiya , bright and dark . '' 
 my heart began thumping in my chest . 
 i knew trouble was coming . 
 and i knew what that trouble was likely to be . 
 i waited for kiarra 's announcement anyway . 
 `` it reads , '' kiarra began , `` to the ka'mirai , greetings . '' 
 i was furious when kiarra finished reading the letter . 
 it was a demand , couched in flowery language , for fox to come to them . 
 to take up her `` intended duties , '' according to their message . 
 if she did n't , they pointed out maliciously , the flakkar that were now devouring worlds were only the beginning of more terrible things . 
 that pissed me off . 
 truly . 
 and they were demanding that fox meet them-on kifirin . 
 the high demon 's world . 
 well , things started falling into place for me , right then . 
 `` our hands are tied , '' kiarra muttered angrily . 
 `` the flakkar are still out there , killing twenty-seven worlds and there 's nothing we can do about it . 
 fox can not go ; she is saa thalarr and prevented . 
 these stupid f ** ks . '' 
 kiarra crumpled the letter in her hand . 
 well , she 'd just used my favorite word . 
 and it was an appropriate one , too . 
 but she did n't have information i did . 
 `` the flakkar are all dead , '' i announced . 
 yeah , the words just popped right out . 
 `` what ? '' 
 kiarra jerked toward me . 
 `` i killed them , '' i shrugged . 
 `` they 're all gone , now . '' 
 pheligar was beside kiarra in less than a blink , and his eyes unfocused-he was looking . 
 `` the devastation has ceased , '' he came back and lifted an eyebrow at me . 
 `` do you know how the elemaiya got flakkar to these worlds ? '' 
 kiarra was staring at me now . 
 `` they do n't have the talent to gather them-the flakkar would just as soon eat them , like they do any other humanoid . '' 
 `` they 're asking fox to come to kifirin for a reason , '' i looked at fox , who was biting her lip as she gazed back at me . 
 `` i know you ca n't lie , so i 'll draft a message to the elemaiya . 
 i 'll tell them fox is coming . 
 only i 'll be there-waiting for them when they show up . 
 i have a feeling that when they do show up , they 'll be bringing a bunch of friends with them . '' 
 i was angry . 
 very , very angry . 
 and a showdown was in the works . 
 somebody was going down . 
 right then , though , i did n't know if it would be me or them . 
 * * * `` kifirin , i want to send the comesuli to le'ath veronis . 
 just for a while , '' i said . 
 `` we need to make it look as if they 've gone back to their own world , which i guess they will . 
 we can put out the rumor that they insisted on it . '' 
 `` it wo n't be a rumor-they are insisting on it , '' kifirin leaned down to kiss me . 
 i 'd sent mindspeech and miraculously he 'd heard me . 
 we were standing on the lawn in front of the villa , and fireflies were winking here and there around us . 
 it was so beautiful there on that mid-may evening . 
 the scent of the grass was sweet and the flower gardens surrounding the villa were all in bloom . 
 `` when should i take them ? '' 
 kifirin asked , a bit of smoke trailing from his nostrils as he nuzzled my collarbone . 
 `` in two days , '' i said . 
 `` do you think they can be ready by that time ? '' 
 `` they are prepared to go now , '' kifirin said , smiling and taking my hands to kiss them . 
 `` there is something you should know , avilepha . 
 there are eight hundred croth and drith who have thrown in their lot with the others . '' 
 `` i thought that might be the case , '' i nodded , watching his hands as they gently massaged mine . 
 `` i want to get the comesuli out quickly so they wo n't suffer losses like they did before . 
 hardly any high demons died-the good ones , anyway , but the comesuli died in the thousands . '' 
 `` i know this , '' kifirin agreed , sighing . 
 `` we will do this , love . 
 i will do this for you . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i smiled up at him . 
 * * * `` can you get me to the black ra'ak ? '' 
 kyler answered my mindspeech and now she considered my question . 
 `` i can get you to the king of the black ra'ak , '' kyler said , dimpling . 
 i 'd stretched out with some of my newly discovered talents , and learned that kyler was instrumental in bringing the black ra'ak -lrb- the few that still lived , anyway -rrb- on board when the copper ra'ak attacked kifirin before . 
 they 'd helped fight off their copper cousins . 
 `` good enough , '' i smiled at my niece . 
 she took me to see youon , king of the black ra'ak . 
 he was in humanoid form and stood six feet tall , with light-brown hair and green eyes . 
 he invited us into his library to talk . 
 i stared at shelf upon shelf of books-in languages i would have to translate to read . 
 i did n't think his copper cousins bothered to read ; they were too busy causing trouble and eating people . 
 i laid out my best offer to youon . 
 he thought about it . 
 `` if we can continue to take from the worlds not worth saving as we do now , to feed ourselves , '' he nodded . 
 `` we are selective-we always have been . 
 we do not take young . 
 that has always been against our code . 
 we are also selective in the ones we take to turn to ra'ak . '' 
 `` like the vampires do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` similarly-yes . 
 we look for those with redeeming qualities . 
 we also feed upon animals , as you know . 
 we take humanoids six times in every cycle , and those are always criminals . '' 
 `` six times a year , '' kyler translated for me . 
 `` they raise their own animals , otherwise . '' 
 `` i can live with that , as long as you keep to those rules , '' i agreed . 
 `` how often do you reproduce ? '' 
 `` we keep our numbers at a constant , '' youon informed me . 
 `` we lose some to punishment , or one is killed upon occasion . 
 we are powerful as you know , but we can be killed . '' 
 he smiled at me as he said that . 
 he and i both knew what i could do . 
 * * * `` lissa , i do n't understand this at all , '' gavin paced while i watched . 
 drake and drew had come , along with shadow and connegar . 
 erland morphis had brought gabron for me on the condition that he be allowed to stay . 
 tony had also come ; i almost cried when he showed up . 
 `` gavin , you do n't have to understand it . 
 you just have to stand behind me on this . '' 
 `` i will support lissa , '' gabron said . 
 `` i also support lissa , '' karzac walked in . 
 i had n't seen him since i 'd hauled him around as mist in a jungle . 
 `` i support lissa , '' kifirin folded in ; he 'd brought roff with him . 
 `` i support my raona , '' roff said . 
 `` i support my little rose , '' connegar said , causing gavin to turn sharply in his direction . 
 `` i also support lissa , '' erland morphis declared . 
 i was n't sure he had a vote but he acted as if he did . 
 `` lissa , i do n't like you going back into this , '' shadow said . 
 `` i know , honey , but right now this is the best plan we have . '' 
 `` we are about to go into cardiac arrest , '' drew said , pointing to himself and his brother . 
 `` if this does n't work then we 'll all be gone soon , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't think any of them are holding anything back this time . '' 
 `` you mean every copper ra'ak in existence is going to be there ? '' 
 shadow asked , sitting down hard on a barstool . 
 we were holding our meeting in the kitchen at the villa . 
 `` how many of them are there ? '' 
 `` nearly thirty thousand , '' connegar supplied the numbers . 
 `` may the stars be merciful , '' shadow whispered . 
 `` those numbers do not include the high demons that have allied with the ra'ak or the elemaiya , both bright and dark , '' connegar added . 
 `` honey , you 're not helping , '' i pointed out gently . 
 `` lissa , baby , are you sure you know what you 're doing ? '' 
 griffin folded in . 
 i heaved a huge sigh . 
 i was n't sure i appreciated my father showing up , but i did n't say anything , choosing to answer his question instead . 
 `` i think i do . 
 we 'll know soon enough . '' 
 `` then i ca n't stop you , sweetheart . 
 just bear in mind i ca n't lose you a second time . 
 do n't ask that of me . '' 
 `` i hope i 'm not asking that of any of you , '' i said . 
 `` but we 'll just have to wait and see , wo n't we ? '' 
 `` lissy , tell me you know what you 're doing , '' tony begged . 
 `` tony , if i do n't , it wo n't matter anyway , '' i informed him gently . 
 i was still up two hours later-after most of them had gone off to argue further among themselves . 
 i just could n't deal with it anymore . 
 the only two left now were karzac and griffin . 
 `` i took karzac to see belen yesterday , '' griffin said , setting a cup of tea in front of me . 
 i was zoned out , staring into space and not thinking about anything , mostly . 
 my mind had gone into overload and i had just shut it off . 
 tomorrow would go as it would . 
 `` why did karzac need to see belen ? '' 
 griffin 's statement brought me back to earth . 
 `` i , uh , asked him for a m'fiyah , '' karzac muttered . 
 `` can you ask for those things ? 
 conner told me they were set in stone before we 're born . '' 
 i searched karzac 's face-he was usually so strong and sure , but now his face held a bit of uncertainty . 
 i was about to get my heart broken again , i just knew it . 
 `` they are , '' griffin agreed , watching me carefully . 
 i leaned my face into my arms at the island . 
 `` but as you know , pheligar muted his for nearly fourteen thousand years before it manifested . '' 
 `` true , '' i sat back up and sighed . 
 i was n't going to point out that griffin had destroyed the one i 'd had with merrill . 
 griffin nodded anyway . 
 he 'd caught my thoughts . 
 `` what does pheligar have to do with this ? '' 
 i asked , steering the conversation away from shaky topics . 
 `` you remember thorsten ? '' 
 `` i never met him , but i understand he was in charge when i helped dragon on refizan . 
 i know it was a long time ago for both of you . 
 for me , it has only been a little while . 
 all those memories are still fresh . '' 
 `` and thorsten interfered then , too . 
 just as he did so many other times , '' griffin said , sitting beside me . 
 `` thorsten was punished for some of his misdeeds ; belen sent him back to the beginning . 
 thorsten muted the m'fiyah karzac had with you , baby . 
 karzac felt a twinge anyway while he was with you on refizan , but it was n't full-blown as it should have been . 
 belen released the muting , lissa . 
 karzac is yours if you want him . '' 
 i went numb . 
 there were now so many new things chasing through my mind , and i could n't grab onto any one of them and hold on for longer than a blink . 
 `` but what about grace and devin ? '' 
 i almost choked on those words . 
 `` they know already . 
 they have already informed me that they are happy to share . 
 you should have been my first love , lissa , '' karzac moved griffin aside so he could stroke my hair . 
 `` lissa , it still pierced my heart the first night you were with dragon and me , and you asked me how much night was left before going out and treating solar red to some of their own medicine . 
 you touched me first . 
 i 've never had a woman come to me . 
 i liked it . 
 and then you came haring after me and jeff , just to pull us and many others out of a terrible situation . 
 i had to ask belen . 
 i wanted you so badly by that time i could n't handle it anymore . 
 say you want us , little firefly . '' 
 `` karzac , i would n't still be here if i did n't , '' i grumbled , putting my arm around his waist . 
 `` that is all i need to know , '' he said and bent down to kiss me . 
 karzac followed me to bed , placing me in a healing sleep before i could even argue with him about it . 
 fox was supposed to give herself over to the elemaiya at noon the following day on the steps of the high demons ' palace . 
 i needed my sleep for that , and karzac made sure i got it . 
 * * * pheligar folded all of us , including every saa thalarr , ever healer and every spawn hunter and a few extras-mates and such , to the palace in veshtul the following morning . 
 i dressed carefully and for effect . 
 fox was nearly jumping out of her skin at every little noise and gilfraith , the expatriate ra'ak who loved her so much he could n't stand it , was doing his best to calm her down . 
 `` if this does n't work , '' i quietly told connegar in a corner of the suite we 'd been given to prepare , `` will you fold fox to the larentii homeworld ? 
 that 's the only place i know where she 'll be safe for as long as possible . '' 
 `` i will do this for you if things go badly , '' connegar promised . 
 `` the larentii homeworld will be the last to fall as it was the first to be made . '' 
 i nodded mutely at his words . 
 kiarra was pacing off to the side . 
 i looked around me-the suite was luxurious . 
 the high demons had spared no expense when the palace was built , and it was beautiful . 
 i remembered kifirin once told me a vampire designed it . 
 not a high demon-a vampire . 
 that made me hold my head up . 
 my inner circle-that 's what kifirin called them-were standing guard around me . 
 karzac looked as fierce as any physician could ; drake and drew were there in full battle gear-black leathers , head to toe , and two blades strapped across their backs . 
 i could see either one of them as warlord on falchan at that moment . 
 they were allowed to protect their mate-they were the only saa thalarr or spawn hunters standing with me . 
 gabron was nearby , watching everything and everybody intently , although his body was as still and straight as a blade . 
 shadow was there , dressed in modified wizard 's robes . 
 they would n't hinder him , and he wore the blue of his trade . 
 shadow was ready to put a spell on anything that moved . 
 roff had come , although he was n't prepared as well as the others . 
 he 'd insisted on being there ; all other comesuli , including giff and toff , had been moved to le-ath veronis by kifirin . 
 erland morphis had come with gabron , and he radiated with power . 
 i discovered erland held a lot of power , and would n't hesitate to use it if it were necessary . 
 gavin and tony were also there , dressed comfortably for ease of movement . 
 someone had given tony blood ; he was standing there in daylight . 
 i figured it had to be one of the twins . 
 last of all , and it came as a shock to me , gardevik rath came forward to stand with the others . 
 i shook my head at his appearance , but i did n't say anything . 
 `` are you prepared ? '' 
 kifirin folded in at the last moment . 
 i nodded . 
 `` then i will create the disguise , '' connegar offered , placing his hands on my face . 
 chapter 15 i looked exactly like fox . 
 for the moment , anyway , as i misted down the steps of the palace . 
 i materialized on the third from the bottom and surveyed the palace courtyard before me . 
 it was empty-for the moment . 
 jayd and garde had warned everyone else away . 
 connegar was shielding the others from view ; my posse-my inner circle , was standing at my back . 
 i only had to wait a few seconds before the empty space in the palace courtyard began to fill . 
 ra'ak were folding in by the thousands , and all were in ra'ak form . 
 none had come as humanoid . 
 somewhere amid that sea of copper ra'ak , high demons materialized in full thifilathi . 
 they 'd come for a lynching , it seems . 
 then , when nearly all the ra'ak were present and all the high demons were present , the last few ra'ak folded in with the elemaiya . 
 i was staring at the newly crowned ra'ak prince , the queen of the bright elemaiya and the king of the dark elemaiya . 
 i 'd seen both of the latter before . 
 `` i see you made the wise decision , '' the ra'ak prince growled around his serpent-like tongue and multitude of teeth . 
 `` perhaps . 
 but before we go any farther , you should inform your allies of what it is , exactly , you intend to do afterward . '' 
 `` that is of little consequence , '' the ra'ak prince snapped . 
 `` come to the elemaiya . 
 i care not what they do with you . '' 
 `` yes you do , '' i snarled . 
 `` you want the ka'mirai for yourself . 
 you can cause a lot of trouble that way , ca n't you ? '' 
 elemaiya hissed at my words-they did n't believe . 
 `` you 're here to take the planet , '' i pointed at the ra'ak prince . 
 `` your high demon friends back there think you 're going to hand it over to them , do n't they ? 
 only that 's not the plan . 
 you think to rule the dark realm yourself . 
 you think you have that power , do n't you ? '' 
 `` we have the power . 
 stop this immediately and i may allow you to live . '' 
 his words brought protests from both elemaiyan camps . 
 they were desperate to get their hands on fox for some reason . 
 the ka'mirai could turn back time for them-i knew that much-but had n't gone into any of their reasons for wanting to do so . 
 the ra'ak , too , wanted something from the ka'mirai , and it was too terrible to contemplate . 
 that had been a part of their agreement when they bargained with the elemaiya , only they intended to take fox for themselves and destroy the rest . 
 i shoved those thoughts aside . 
 a voice now whispered in my mind . 
 i 'd heard it before , when it told me of the gates in my dream . 
 and it had explained to me then , just why i was still alive . 
 it gave me a choice , too . 
 that choice had been frightening at the time . 
 but now , i was forced to make the choice , just as i 'd done once before . 
 i was choosing a path , so others might live . 
 now , it was time to act . 
 time to see what i was made of . 
 time . 
 `` then it may interest you to know , '' i said , flinging off connegar 's disguise , `` that i am removing the rule of the dark realm from the high demons . '' 
 i held out my arms and pulled power to me . 
 it answered so readily to my call , prepared to do anything i asked of it . 
 light formed around me as i gathered energy , but i ignored it . 
 my inner circle was pulling in to surround me , and i was only peripherally aware . 
 more power came and my light grew brighter . 
 many of the ra'ak were now turning their heads-their eyes were the most sensitive and vulnerable thing about them . 
 i 'd learned that the first time i 'd fought them . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the bright queen demanded . 
 winds were picking up now , whipping and swirling around me . 
 i 'd left my hair loose intentionally . 
 the elemaiya knew i was n't the ka'mirai - had known for several seconds . 
 the bright queen and dark king both recalled seeing me before , with kifirin . 
 they were afraid to approach me . 
 i pulled the last of the power to me that i needed , holding it to me . 
 i was shining as brightly as a star by that time . 
 connegar or someone shielded the eyes of my inner circle-they stood straight and strong , unblinking , behind me . 
 `` you wish to know who i am ? '' 
 my voice was thunder , echoing across the city of veshtul . 
 `` i am justice ! '' 
 i roared and every elemaiya , bright and dark , dropped to their knees . 
 `` take her ! '' 
 the ra'ak prince shouted , and i laughed . 
 when several ra'ak attempted to fold in next to me , they discovered they were held back . 
 i could do it-with only a thought . 
 the planet now retained a shield around it for those attempting to flee . 
 all who stood before me were rendered powerless . 
 `` i will pass sentence first upon the high demons who think to kill their brothers , '' i announced . 
 `` you are reduced to your humanoid status , '' i said , and all of them turned from their thifilathi form , shrinking and screaming . 
 `` you will no longer be high demon , '' i announced . 
 `` your power is removed and your lifespan is reduced to two hundred years . 
 the remaining high demons will determine your fate from now on . '' 
 i heard shrieks and cries among the crowd-a few high demons were being eaten by ra'ak . 
 i ignored it . 
 `` now , for the elemaiya . '' 
 they were still on their knees and some were flat on the ground . 
 `` there are only a few of you who had no desire to participate in this takeover , '' i informed them , the power of my voice forcing them to cower . 
 `` those i will send away with these words : you will never again be capable of gating between worlds-that ability is removed . 
 you will also never reproduce with any others except yourselves . 
 the days of procreating with humanoids are over . 
 be careful how you treat the others on the planet to which i send you . 
 i will watch you carefully from this point forward . '' 
 only sixteen bright elemaiya disappeared . 
 `` now , for the rest of you , '' i proclaimed . 
 `` you are also confined to a humanoid existence and will spend your days here , serving the high demons . 
 your lifespan is reduced to two hundred years and you will only reproduce with your own kind . 
 your days of mistreating your quarter-blood children are over . 
 it is my suggestion that you learn the laws of the high demons swiftly , as they deal justice quickly if those laws are violated . '' 
 `` you can not do this ; you do not have the power ! '' 
 the dark king shouted , rising up . 
 `` test me , '' i thundered . 
 black clouds boiled over our heads , and lightning split darkening skies . 
 `` try your own power-i know you can shapeshift . '' 
 he did try . 
 and failed . 
 he began to curse . 
 `` silence , '' i waved a hand and he dropped to the ground . 
 `` now , to the copper ra'ak , '' i turned my attention to the ra'ak prince . 
 `` you can not do anything to us-we balance the larentii . 
 kill us and they die , too . '' 
 he was so sure . 
 so smug in his beliefs . 
 `` that was true , '' i agreed . 
 `` before . '' 
 `` you can not change that , '' the ra'ak prince spat . 
 `` i am changing it , '' i announced . 
 `` your black ra'ak cousins now hold the balance for the larentii . 
 they did not defy kifirin as you did . 
 had you taken the rule , it would have been a hollow victory . 
 you would have been prince over the dark realm of dead worlds . 
 dead as you made them to die . 
 you , also , are now reduced to the humanoids you were before becoming ra'ak . 
 i decree this . '' 
 i blew my power and light outward , just as i often blew my mist outward . 
 each mote of light was charged with purpose and leapt to do my bidding . 
 ra'ak screamed and writhed as they were flung on the ground and forced to change . 
 the elemaiya were also screaming and crying as they scattered to flee the chaos . 
 i still stood before them , no longer surrounded by light and power as they began to rise from the ground-human , frightened and unsure . 
 * * * jaydevik and his brother gardevik now flanked me as i surveyed the thousands of powerless humanoids before me . 
 `` these are your replacements for the comesuli , '' i grumbled . 
 `` i do n't think many of them know much about anything . 
 you have a long road before you . '' 
 i looked up at jayd . 
 `` if you want a safe place for glindarok while she 's pregnant , she 's welcome on le-ath veronis . '' 
 i turned to walk up the steps to the palace . 
 my inner circle pulled in and walked up with me . 
 * * * `` where is the balance now-and the rule of the dark realms ? '' 
 garde asked me later . 
 he , jayd , a few high demons , the saa thalarr , spawn hunters , healers , kifirin and i were all in the meeting hall . 
 the other high demons were out herding former ra'ak , high demons and elemaiya around . 
 `` it rests with my lissa upon le-ath veronis , '' kifirin announced . 
 `` i made a promise not to interfere when i made the dark realms . 
 that turned out to be a terrible mistake . 
 my mate is now what i am and she made no such promise . 
 you will all answer to her . '' 
 `` you 're one of the nameless ones ? '' 
 kiarra gasped . 
 `` a sister to the nameless ones , '' i nodded . 
 `` mate to kifirin and queen of le-ath veronis , '' i replied . 
 i was weary , too , but i was n't going to show them that . 
 i 'd had a decision to make and once it was made-to accept what i had become-it was something that i could n't forget or lay aside . 
 it was forever . 
 the one who 'd charged every particle of my mist with power and enabled it to come back together , had also allowed me time and the final decision . 
 time to work through the anger and betrayal , and then time to make the decision whether to accept what was offered or not . 
 the situation had been such that if i had n't accepted , the worlds would now be dying while the copper ra'ak danced their fatal victory upon the streets of veshtul . 
 i sighed . 
 `` we can bring in artists , cooks and craftsmen to teach the rabble you now have , '' i offered . 
 `` do not be lenient with them . 
 they had no leniency for others . '' 
 jayd and garde both agreed with me . 
 gilfraith came forward and knelt before me . 
 `` hey , do n't ever do that , '' i said , pulling him up as gently as i could . 
 kneeling and bowing were just-embarrassing . 
 `` i want to thank you , '' he said , looking into my eyes . 
 `` the ra'ak was always there inside me , and i had to control it every minute . 
 it is now gone and i have not felt so happy since before i was turned . '' 
 `` then i 'm happy with you , '' i said . 
 gilfraith smiled at me and backed away . 
 we spent the afternoon hammering out a few details , and i was wiped when we finished . 
 `` my raona is tired , '' roff announced as we left the meeting hall . 
 `` honey , you do n't have to announce it to everybody , '' i whispered , putting my arm around him and leaning against his shoulder . 
 `` if i am to be your mate and a member of your inner circle , it is my duty to make such announcements , '' he said , squeezing me tightly . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was hungry , too , but i sure did n't intend to let that out . 
 `` le-ath veronis , '' kifirin said , as if i should have taken that information from his mind . 
 i could have , but that would be rude . 
 i was in mid-yawn when we were all folded away , and the yawn turned to a squeak at what waited for me when we hit the ground on the vampire planet . 
 well , ground was n't the proper choice of words . 
 we landed on marble floors , surrounded by marble walls with huge marble columns evenly spaced down a long marble hall . 
 `` tybus designed this palace as well ; i only had to recreate it , '' kifirin explained as i stared in awe . 
 `` he made the high demon palace as a lesser version of this . '' 
 he swept out an arm to indicate the queen 's palace on le-ath veronis . 
 lights were everywhere , and the whole thing looked to be from a fairy tale . 
 `` all solar-powered , '' kifirin explained . 
 `` the power lines run from the light hemisphere . 
 there are farms near the light half of the planet and the comesuli are already there and working them . 
 others are tending the flocks and herds and two cities of vampires are already here , avilepha . 
 gabron 's vampires from refizan are here in the southwestern part of this city-but there are only three thousand of them . 
 the other city is twenty miles away . 
 do you wish for earth 's vampires to reside in the capital city with you ? '' 
 i was holding my breath as i looked around me . 
 gavin and tony were nodding ; tony enthusiastically , gavin 's nod a bit more sedate . 
 drake and drew were grinning ; karzac sent his agreement in mindspeech . 
 shadow shrugged , but it was roff who made my decision for me . 
 `` giff will like it very much if rolfe comes . '' 
 i nodded and smiled wearily at roff 's statement . 
 `` you 're too tired to see your palace right now , '' kifirin pointed out , once the decision was made . 
 `` healer . '' 
 karzac came forward and i was out as soon as his fingers reached my forehead . 
 * * * `` i am king and chief advisor . 
 the rest of you may sort everything else out , '' kifirin waved an arm . 
 he was sitting on the top step where lissa 's throne sat . 
 he knew she was n't going to appreciate having a throne , but it was expected . 
 `` we will preside over security ; both hers and that of the palace , '' gavin pointed to himself and tony . 
 `` we will command the army , '' drake and drew grinned . 
 `` i 'll handle planning , construction , and the laws governing the infrastructure and utilities of the cities , '' shadow said . 
 `` i have engineering degrees , after all . 
 i want to inspect the water treatment facilities right away , and the desalination pipelines from the ocean . '' 
 `` i will handle the courts and enforcement of the laws , which will require working closely with drake , drew , gavin and anthony , '' gabron announced . 
 `` i will handle the running of the palace , '' roff declared . 
 `` we still need somebody to handle the farming industry , plus we need to import fishing boats and other things to feed the comesuli , '' shadow suggested . 
 `` and we need a chief of staff plus scribes , secretaries , whatever you want to call them , '' he added . 
 `` i 'd like the chief of staff job , '' kyler folded in . 
 `` i 'm not doing much of anything at the moment . '' 
 `` i will handle the building of medical facilities for the comesuli and set up a proper training program for them , '' karzac said . 
 `` as well as being personal physician to the queen . 
 i ca n't imagine the saa thalarr will need me much-lissa just eliminated their job , after all . '' 
 drake grinned at drew , giving him a high five . 
 `` there will be other things to warrant their attention from time to time , '' belen folded in . 
 kifirin rose and bowed slightly . 
 belen bowed back . 
 `` we also have an announcement to make , '' belen nodded toward kifirin . 
 `` we have permission to rebuild the dark worlds . 
 that means the werewolf planet , as well as all the others , will be inhabited again one day . 
 i wish to enlist the help of the larentii on this . '' 
 belen smiled at connegar . 
 `` it is acceptable if the permission comes from you , '' connegar rose and nodded respectfully to belen . 
 `` ferrigar will not refuse and many larentii will be most enthusiastic over the project . '' 
 `` what did i miss ? '' 
 erland morphis folded in . 
 he gasped when he saw belen standing there , shining inside lissa 's throne room . 
 `` lord morphis , '' belen chuckled . 
 `` we can not presume to leave you out , now can we ? 
 perhaps you can oversee the business of the flocks and herds . '' 
 `` do n't forget the fishing and mining , '' shadow said . 
 `` mining ? '' 
 erland 's ears perked up . 
 `` we have a winner , '' drake laughed . 
 `` you mine it and i 'll make jewelry out of it for the queen , '' shadow grinned . 
 * * * `` i do n't want to go . '' 
 kiarra 's birthday party was scheduled and my falchani twins were dressed to attend . 
 they were trying to convince me to come along . 
 i was n't in the mood . 
 yes , kiarra and i shared a birthday , but mine was n't the one to be celebrated . 
 i had n't celebrated a birthday since don 's death . 
 well , this one would go uncelebrated , too . 
 kiarra and i would have shared merrill , had he and griffin not done what they had . 
 i was n't in the mood to see either of them . 
 two days had passed since the finale on kifirin , and i was still tired . 
 i had things to consider , too . 
 kifirin planned to bring earth 's vampires the following day , and i was n't sure how some of them might react . 
 `` go on . 
 take this with you , '' i pulled the fabric-wrapped painted off the floor of my suite and handed it to drew . 
 he wore a sad look , as if i 'd told him christmas was canceled or something . 
 `` baby , come with us , '' he begged . 
 `` no . 
 go on , now . 
 i have things to think about . '' 
 i shooed them out of my suite and shut the door . 
 my suite . 
 it was large enough to play football in-european or american . 
 i had n't slept well in it the past two nights , and refused advances from both gabron and shadow to spend the night in my bed . 
 i sighed and shook my head before misting to the uppermost dome of the palace roof . 
 `` you made the right choice . '' 
 he was there beside me-the one whose voice i 'd heard . 
 we were connected , he and i. i shook my head at his words . 
 `` if this body dies-this corporeal body-the only mate i can keep is kifirin , '' i muttered , hugging myself uncomfortably . 
 `` for now , '' he nodded . 
 his eyes were filled with stars . 
 `` how many thousands of years , though , in between ? '' 
 my gaze fell upon the southwestern section of the city below the palace , where gabron 's refizani vampires now lived . 
 a few lights twinkled there , and if i reached out with only a thought , i could see the vampires as they walked or worked or spoke with one another . 
 they were no longer held by the sun . 
 they could sleep and wake as they willed , now . 
 but there 'd been a price to be paid for that freedom . 
 i 'd paid it . 
 when i made the choice offered to me , i 'd consented to live forever-just as i was . 
 the same memories would be mine . 
 the same loves , hates , everything . 
 there would be no rebirth and forgetting for me . 
 truly , there 'd been no choice-if i had n't done as i did , all would now be dying . 
 it might take some time for all the worlds to fall silent , but they would fall silent . 
 it was the way they were made-the balance that they kept . 
 destroy the balance , and all would fall . 
 now , the balance was le-ath veronis . 
 actually , the balance was me . 
 `` i wondered when you 'd realize that , '' he spoke again . 
 `` you managed to open the barrier between light and dark worlds , did you know that ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i felt it fall when i made the choice , '' i muttered , leaning my chin on my knees . 
 before , only high demons , ra'ak , and karathian warlocks and witches held enough power to breach the barrier and travel between light and dark worlds . 
 now , that barrier was destroyed and all could come and go . 
 `` space travel will now be possible between the two . '' 
 he chuckled at my thoughts . 
 i sighed . 
 `` you know you ca n't do it again , do n't you ? '' 
 he added . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 i lifted my head to stare at him . 
 `` hold that much power in your physical body . 
 if you try , it 'll explode and die . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i know that , all right . '' 
 it was true . 
 if he had n't stood -lrb- invisibly -rrb- beside me on the palace steps in veshtul , i would have exploded right then and there , after pulling all that power to me . 
 he 'd helped me hold my corporeal self together while i pronounced judgment against the ra'ak , rogue high demons and the elemaiya . 
 `` if you 're corporeal in the future , you can only employ what you had before . 
 i ca n't help you . 
 you can call some power to you if needed , but if you need real power , you 'll have to go to energy to use it . '' 
 `` i guess that 's okay , '' i sighed . 
 `` i 'm pretty good with what i have . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 've seen that . '' 
 he smiled , and just like that , his eyes were back to normal . 
 * * * `` raona , tell me what you want and i will prepare it . '' 
 cheedas followed me around the kitchen as i searched for ingredients to make brownies . 
 i wanted chocolate . 
 and it was my birthday , so i was determined to have chocolate . 
 one way or another . 
 cheedas fretted the whole time i searched through his new domain-the massive kitchen inside my palace . 
 i lifted my head at that thought . 
 it was my palace . 
 the whole , damn , stinking , huge behemoth . 
 mine . 
 i slapped a hand over my face . 
 and that 's when they found me . 
 roff walked into the kitchen , dressed in a tux . 
 he was followed by tony , gabron , shadow , connegar , drake , drew , karzac , kifirin and gavin . 
 they were all dressed in tuxes , including connegar , and i had no idea how that had been accomplished . 
 he never wore clothing like that . 
 i got the idea that whatever was about to go down with my posse , they had n't planned to do it in a kitchen . 
 roff knelt before me first , took my hand and slipped a thin band onto my right index finger . 
 he smiled and told me he loved me before standing and moving aside . 
 tony was next ; he selected a finger and did exactly the same . 
 gabron kissed me after placing his ring . 
 shadow 's ring looked as if it were made of glittering diamonds . 
 `` its tiralian crystal , '' he said after kissing me . 
 i had to look to see what that meant . 
 tiralian crystal was extremely rare , glittered brighter than diamonds and the cost ? 
 i had a fortune on my hand , now . 
 i also knew shadow had made it himself and that it was a protection jewel . 
 `` you 're the best , honey , '' i smiled at him . 
 `` just do n't forget it , '' he grinned . 
 `` this is larentii memory stone , '' connegar slipped his nearly transparent ring onto a finger . 
 `` it holds the memory of what we saw upon le-ath veronis in the past , and also what you did two days ago . 
 you kept your vow , little mate . '' 
 he smiled at me , kissed my forehead and stood aside . 
 drake and drew came together-how could it be otherwise ? 
 they placed their rings onto my right ring finger . 
 they were shaped as mirror images , and both held tiralian crystal that fit together and looked like one band . 
 only they and i would know it was actually two rings . 
 `` my handsome falchani , '' i had a hand on both their cheeks . 
 `` i love you , baby , '' drake whispered . 
 `` i love you , too , lissa , '' drew said . 
 `` more than anything . '' 
 they rose and joined the others who 'd already given me rings . 
 karzac came then and placed his ring on my left index finger . 
 it was wider than the other bands and carved in the likeness of fireflies in flight . 
 where each light would be there was a jewel that winked . 
 `` honey , that 's beautiful , '' i said . 
 he kissed me this time ; i did n't have to kiss him . 
 gavin came next and when he got down on his knee , he proposed . 
 `` lissa , will you marry me and say yes to me , this time ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i could n't keep the tears from sliding down my cheeks . 
 he placed my old rings on my left ring finger , right where they belonged , kissed me several times and then moved away . 
 kifirin was last , and i had no idea what he was going to do . 
 he remained standing instead of kneeling before me . 
 `` this belonged to you before , '' he said , slipping a gold band onto the middle finger of my left hand . 
 it was inscribed , only i could n't see through my tears to read it . 
 `` it holds the queen 's promise to protect le-ath veronis and her people , '' he said . 
 `` your promise to them is a promise to me as it was before . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , as best i could . 
 `` this finger will be ours , '' erland morphis and gardevik rath were both there quickly . 
 they 'd slipped in at the last . 
 erland was holding my right hand and stroking the ringless middle finger , offering a blinding smile . 
 `` you need to take that up with the others over there , '' i nodded toward what was now my inner circle . 
 * * six weeks later * * `` not many problems ; we just have to deal with the current shortage of females , '' flavio informed me as i was trying to fasten a bracelet on my wrist . 
 that caused me to look up-flavio , kyler and cleo were all in my suite , watching me dress for the stupid coronation that everybody insisted on having . 
 `` get gabron on that , '' i muttered . 
 well , he used to run brothels . 
 surely , there were women out there who would n't mind having intense orgasms along with a bite . 
 `` i 'll talk to him , then , '' flavio smiled . 
 he liked le-ath veronis already . 
 nearly two hundred thousand of the two hundred fifteen thousand vampires had been brought to le-ath veronis from earth . 
 even jarl made it , i was happy to see . 
 the ones that had n't made it for various reasons had been euthanized . 
 kifirin was thorough and explained to me that the ones not making the transition were unsuitable . 
 i did n't argue with him . 
 we did n't need to hunt rogues right off the bat . 
 flavio and the others had also come out of the closet regarding their modified status , and the vampires did n't seem to mind a bit . 
 they were free now and did n't have to hide from anyone . 
 flavio had the running of the city government and to my embarrassment , they 'd named the damned capital lissia . 
 was that awful or what ? 
 all the council members were still council members , seemed quite happy with that fact and loved their new homes . 
 somehow , they 'd managed to bring a large portion of their wealth with them , which made me sigh . 
 vampires tended to be old and wealthy . 
 banks were already going up and i had kyler working on finding someone to oversee that . 
 i asked her to approach merrill , charles and adam soon and get them to help . 
 when i 'd become what i now was , some of the hate and betrayal had been filtered out concerning merrill and griffin , but there was still an uphill climb for those two . 
 they knew it . 
 a wrapped package had been waiting inside my suite after i 'd gone to bed on my birthday , and it held two paintings . 
 one was mine-the vermeer i 'd kept long ago . 
 the other was a corot and beautiful-a scene of a single boater on a river . 
 that had come from merrill and kiarra , with a birthday card . 
 well , merrill and i would never be . 
 being what i now was , belen was n't the only one who could mute or destroy m'fiyahs . 
 merrill made his decision long ago . 
 i was making my decision now , only i was muting it . 
 merrill had opted for destruction and to me , that was too much . 
 cheedas , my new comesula chef , had taken over the palace kitchens and was hip-deep in cookbooks that connegar translated for him . 
 he was so happy he could barely contain himself and any night , almost , i could go down to the kitchen and find his latest cooking experiment baking or bubbling away . 
 if he kept making brownies for me , i might gain some of my weight back . 
 i 'd personally searched out darvul , orliff and noff . 
 darvul wept at my feet when i found him on a farm on the bright half of the planet . 
 orliff and noff were overjoyed that i 'd remembered them , and shocked that they had n't recognized the queen when i was under their care . 
 i gave each of them a kiss and told them i did n't know who i was , either , at the time . 
 all three were now learning from karzac and jeff , who 'd come to teach modern medicine to the comesuli physicians . 
 franklin was designing a hospital for karzac , and it would be built to his specifications . 
 susila was often at the palace and looking for something she might do in addition to sitting on the city council . 
 rolfe was chief of my personal guards , which pleased giff very much . 
 someday , giff was going to be a beautiful winged vampire and she and rolfe were going to be very happy together . 
 meanwhile , kifirin and i were going among the oldest of the comesuli , determining which would make good turns and which would be female . 
 we were also looking into potential sires for them . 
 being able to look , with my other gifts , was a blessing . 
 many of the females would be placed with the vampires they would love . 
 someday , there would be equity in the male/female ratio . 
 `` are you ready , yet ? '' 
 charles poked his head in the door . 
 all the former vampires were here-this was a milestone for them as well . 
 they were citizens of le-ath veronis , just as the others were . 
 `` i 'm coming , '' i grumbled . 
 the dress i wore was cloth-of-gold crusted with jewels and embroidery . 
 i accused erland of doing this to me deliberately-he , gabron and giff had gone to pick it out . 
 giff was now in charge of my closet and was busily stuffing it as quickly as she could . 
 she also went to bed with rolfe on his nights off . 
 he seemed perfectly happy with that . 
 `` look regal , '' flavio said softly as we walked down the long hall . 
 i slowed my steps and did my best to look queenly . 
 my posse was waiting on the palace steps ; they 'd sent kyler , cleo and flavio to get me . 
 i still had no idea what was going to happen , and wished i were two light years away instead of heading to a stupid coronation . 
 the sea of vampires and comesuli that stood before the palace was frightening , and it was so quiet when i appeared you could have heard a feather fall . 
 erland morphis was there , as was a film crew . 
 how the hell had he managed that ? 
 somehow he 'd gotten a newscaster -lrb- one who was famous , apparently -rrb- , from a network that served the worlds that had space travel . 
 the journalist was making quiet commentary while the filming went on . 
 wlodek and griffin stood nearby , and a microphone hovered above wlodek 's head . 
 who knew he could make a speech ? 
 `` we come here to crown a queen , '' he announced , his voice echoing over the crowd . 
 `` a queen for the faithful among the vampire race . 
 a queen to rule the dark realm and bring peace and justice to all who dwell there . 
 someday , too , the werewolves and many others will live again . 
 the dark realm will be reborn through her . '' 
 griffin came forward then , holding my crown on a pillow . 
 it resembled a vampire 's claws ; ten long points rose from the gold circlet that fit on my head . 
 i wanted to roll my eyes at all the fuss . 
 why did i need a freaking crown to start with ? 
 i had to keep my thoughts away from that ; the cameras were trained on my face . 
 if the crowd wanted a show , however , they got one . 
 kifirin appeared out of nowhere in a blaze of light . 
 and he was dressed as a king-crown and all . 
 `` i am kifirin , lord of the dark realm , '' he announced as if he were used to being on camera every day . 
 `` i will crown my mate and queen this day . 
 if any choose to defy her , know now that they will have to deal with me . '' 
 he lifted the crown off the pillow , came to stand before me and carefully placed the crown on my head . 
 it glittered with jewels around the wide band and was a bit on the heavy side . 
 `` all hail lissa beth , queen of le-ath veronis , '' griffin shouted , and the roar of the crowd below us was deafening . 
 the end 
