 chapter 1 two vampires walk into a bar . 
 sounds like a joke , does n't it ? 
 it is . 
 a gloriously heartbreaking joke-on me . 
 the punchline for that joke will be delivered in the form of a sentence , but not one that might end with laughter . 
 no , this sentence will determine whether i live or not . 
 if i were to bet honestly , my money would be on the latter . 
 my mistake ? 
 walking into a bar . 
 four glasses of wine and poof , i was vampire . 
 now , wedged tightly in a corner of a nine-by-nine cell lined with steel and titanium , i wait for a punchline to conclude my life . 
 but i 'm starting near the end and not the beginning . 
 let 's go with that . 
 the beginning . 
 the thing that led to this pivotal scene in my life . 
 the event that snatched away my heartbeat and sent me running into darkness . 
 * * * i never drink . 
 never . 
 but i did that evening . 
 the bartender had taken one look at my red nose and blotchy , tear-stained face before setting a napkin in front of me . 
 `` what can i get for you ? '' 
 his voice was low and kind . 
 `` i do n't drink , '' i sniffled . 
 `` what do you recommend ? '' 
 the bar closest to the hospital was the one i 'd chosen . 
 some of the medical facility 's personnel were regulars ; i 'd passed a doctor i recognized on the way in . 
 this place was nicer than most of the bars closer to home-i saw that right away . 
 it boasted polished wood floors and upholstered barstools neatly lined up along the bar . 
 tall , round wooden tables dotted the remainder of the floor and prints of western scenes hung against walls painted a forest green . 
 several people were already seated comfortably and drinking , although it was barely six . 
 `` let 's start you off with a glass of wine , '' the bartender offered a sympathetic smile and selected a bottle of white from a fridge below the bar . 
 `` this is a riesling and those are usually a little sweet . 
 you might like it , '' he informed me as he uncorked and poured . 
 i watched a few bubbles rise in the crystal glass as i impatiently wiped away another tear . 
 lifting the wineglass , i gulped down half its contents right away . 
 `` hey , now , let 's slow down a little , '' the bartender cautioned . 
 nodding my head at his words , i set the glass on the bar , my hand shaking a little . 
 i kept my eyes down , attempting to get myself under control . 
 it was early january , which is generally oklahoma 's worst time of the year , weather-wise . 
 a light snow was threatening to blow in , bringing sub-freezing temperatures with it . 
 night was coming early too , along with the heavy cloud cover and i shivered every time someone walked into the bar . 
 i 'd chosen the seat directly in front of the door but i was n't about to move . 
 it was easier just to sit there , i think , huddling into my misery and hoping wine would dull its sharp edges . 
 pushing my empty glass toward the bartender , i silently asked for a refill . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 the bartender set my third glass of wine in front of me . 
 `` lissa , '' i gave a half-hiccup , half-sob . 
 `` is that short for melissa ? '' 
 he asked gently . 
 `` i 'm warren by the way . '' 
 `` no , warren . '' 
 i wiped a stray tear off my face with the heel of a hand . 
 warren handed over a fresh cocktail napkin since i 'd run out of tissues . 
 `` my father had a terrible sense of humor , '' i added , accepting the paper square gratefully . 
 `` he named me lissa beth . '' 
 the napkin scratched raw skin when i wiped my face with it . 
 `` maybe he did have a terrible sense of humor , '' warren agreed , looking up as the door opened behind me . 
 `` i 'll be back , '' he said . 
 after a few seconds , i heard him asking the new arrivals what they wanted . 
 i turned to look ; i could n't help myself . 
 two men were now seated at one of the round tables off to the side . 
 warren was taking their order when one of his customers turned toward me , stopping my breath for a moment . 
 images of black-as-sin hair , exotic features and a latin background washed over me . 
 dark eyes narrowed in contempt as the man studied me , his eyes meeting mine for the briefest of moments . 
 a smile quirked at lips that might be both sensuous and cruel . 
 turning back to my drink , i shivered again and it was n't because the door had opened . 
 `` that gentleman over there wants to buy you a drink , '' warren was back and holding up the bottle of wine . 
 `` no , warren , '' i gestured for him to set the bottle down . 
 `` tell the gentleman thank you but no , '' i said as firmly as i could . 
 `` i do n't think a woman should accept a drink from a stranger on the same day her husband died , do you ? '' 
 i lifted my wineglass and drained it . 
 `` i 'll pay for the next round myself . '' 
 numbness clouded my brain after a fourth glass of wine so i sat there , waiting for my head to clear a little before attempting to make my way outside . 
 while i waited , i caught snatches of conversation between the one who 'd offered to buy my drink and his companion . 
 `` i say seven days , '' one of them said . 
 `` nine , '' the other countered . 
 i had no idea what they were discussing . 
 at the time , i did n't really care . 
 as it turns out , i wish i had known what they were talking about and i wish i had cared . 
 i have no idea if it might have changed anything , but at least i would have known . 
 chapter 2 cold air served to wake me up a little as i sat inside my car . 
 the small parking lot was filling up around me as night deepened , cloudy and moonless . 
 holding keys in my hand , i eventually recalled that placing one of them in the ignition would make the car start . 
 my honda was ten years old and dated , but still ran like a top . 
 with don 's illnesses over the years , i had n't been able to afford a new one . 
 yes , i know i should have been thinking about funeral arrangements and calling friends and relatives , but i wanted one final bit of space for myself-a suspension between what was real and what i wished were real before dealing with any of it . 
 we had no children but don had a brother . 
 both sets of parents were dead and we 'd lost contact with most of the cousins and other family . 
 sighing , i slipped the key into the ignition on the third try . 
 honestly , i intended to close my eyes for a bit before trying to drive home . 
 my car would warm up after a while and it would n't hurt to let it sit and idle while i sobered up . 
 i was too drunk to drive right then and i knew it . 
 i sat there , blinking stupidly as the locked metal door of my car was torn away as easily as a tissue is lifted from a box . 
 mutely i listened while it clattered across the hard surface of the parking lot . 
 a tall form crouched down beside me and dark eyes found mine . 
 i was staring at the man who 'd offered to buy my drink and his smile was just as cruel as i 'd imagined it might be . 
 lifting a hand to rub my eyes , i desperately fought to convince myself that reality had not just shifted and i truly was n't seeing what i imagined i was seeing . 
 that brief glimpse of the impossible , trailed by the slightest moment of self-delusion , was the last thing i remembered before i died . 
 * * * concrete is cold in winter . 
 icy cold when the temperature falls to twenty-three degrees , even if you are inside . 
 and i was inside . 
 it was dark , too ; i knew that somehow , although my vision was perfectly clear . 
 i found myself in some sort of cellar or basement warehouse , i could n't tell which . 
 there were plenty of boxes and crates surrounding me , stacked up here and there within walls formed of cinderblocks painted black . 
 the funny thing ? 
 i knew it was cold . 
 bone-freezing cold . 
 that did n't seem to matter . 
 i did n't even have a goose bump as i sat up and looked around . 
 i 'd been left in the floor , wherever i was . 
 rising easily , i made a full turn to get my bearings . 
 my prison could n't have been more than a twelve by twelve square , and an old desk with newspapers stacked atop its dusty surface sat nearby , amid a pile of boxes . 
 wondering if the newspapers were recent , i navigated the clutter to take a look . 
 the paper on top was printed five days after don was removed from life support-january ninth . 
 i had no idea if that was today , yesterday or ten years ago . 
 do n't get me wrong , my mind was perfectly clear . 
 i merely had no memories past getting into my car after drinking four glasses of wine . 
 as my first-ever drinking binge , it sucked . 
 now , i had no idea where i was , no idea how i 'd gotten there and no idea how to get out . 
 there were n't any windows and i could n't see a door anywhere . 
 setting the newspaper down , i noticed a cocktail napkin lying nearby that someone had written on . 
 lifting it up , i began to read . 
 horrified is a tame word to me now . 
 any thesaurus has an alternative listing of words one might use and all of them are woefully deficient . 
 i 'd read that napkin-over and over-and still the words petrified me . 
 i recalled hearing something about curing phobias once , where at times the sufferer is flooded or immersed in whatever it is they fear . 
 nothing might cure what i felt after reading words carelessly scrawled across a stained paper napkin . 
 `` i agree to pay sergio velenci one million pounds if the female takes less than nine days to fully turn . '' 
 they 'd wagered my life . 
 i did n't learn until later just how serious that wager truly was . 
 a signature was beneath the agreement , written in beautiful , old-world script-edward desmarais . 
 those lengthy , needle-sharp teeth i 'd imagined while sitting in my car ? 
 i had n't imagined them . 
 they 'd belonged to a vampire . 
 i laughed humorlessly . 
 the movies and television shows ? 
 they had it all wrong . 
 those were n't fangs they were showing us . 
 those were ridiculous compared to the real thing . 
 while pondering how long it had been since my attackers left me in my makeshift prison , another thought wriggled its way into my brain . 
 if they were betting on how long it would take me to become vampire , what were they planning to do with me afterward ? 
 scrambling off my perch on the edge of the desk , i placed the napkin as close to its original position as i could before straightening the newspapers . 
 i 'd leafed through them briefly and they 'd gotten scattered a little . 
 no , i ca n't say why i bothered . 
 perhaps it was to give myself a little time to think , and i was thinking now . 
 desperately . 
 furiously . 
 whatever their ultimate purpose , i had no desire to meet up with either vampire . 
 ever . 
 that decision made , i went in search of a way out . 
 if i had n't smelled the scent of garbage , i would never have found the door . 
 it was designed to blend in with the rest of the wall and nearly undetectable . 
 i followed the scent instead , sensing a slight bit of air sifting through a crack between a wall and the nearly invisible portal . 
 i could n't locate a handle , a knob or anything else that might be used to open it . 
 if it had n't been for my desperation , i might have remained rooted in that spot , waiting for edward and sergio to return . 
 if i had , i 'd have met my final death right then . 
 instead , i whimpered and clawed at the crevice with my fingers , not expecting anything to come of it . 
 surprisingly , bits of concrete were crumbling away in my hands . 
 i stared at my fingers in amazement ; they 'd grown so strong i could tear into cinderblocks as easily as if i were digging into soft earth . 
 as soon as i had a large enough hole hollowed out , i placed one hand around the edge of the thick door and yanked . 
 it flew behind me at least ten feet and the noise it made as it landed offended my ears and made me cringe . 
 dust clouded around the severed door and i think a couple of crates were crushed beneath its weight when it fell . 
 beyond the empty doorway were narrow stone steps leading up and to the outside . 
 i climbed them swiftly , bursting through another door and into a cold , crisp night . 
 the garbage i 'd smelled was overflowing a metal bin behind a nearby asian restaurant . 
 someone was shouting in vietnamese inside the restaurant kitchen . 
 another voice shouted back . 
 time to get the hell out of there . 
 i jogged down the adjoining alley for several yards , thinking while i ran that i had n't been able to run anywhere in a very long time . 
 my age , my weight and my lack of exercise had seen to that . 
 after coming to the end of the alleyway , i cautiously stepped around the last building , hoping to find an address or a street sign that would tell me where i was . 
 i found both . 
 downtown oklahoma city was where i stood , at the corner of mickey mantle drive and flaming lips alley . 
 if i had n't been so dazed and frightened , i might have held onto the nearby lamppost and laughed myself silly . 
 flaming lips alley was named after the oklahoma band that had made a name -lrb- and an alley -rrb- for themselves . 
 even so , i was still too close to the cellar i 'd just escaped so i jogged a little farther until i reached reno avenue . 
 i knew where i was , then . 
 i was n't looking forward to walking the remaining ten miles to my house in midwest city , but i did n't have a choice . 
 i had no money , no purse and no cell phone ; nothing belonging to me had been left inside the cellar . 
 a search for those things had yielded no results while i explored my little cave . 
 my vampires had taken them . 
 amusing , i know , calling them my vampires . 
 i had no idea if they were anyone 's vampires , other than their own . 
 a thought hit me as i jogged the ten-mile trek to my house , dodging traffic at times and running across lawns at others-if edward and sergio had my purse , then they had my license and a lot of other things . 
 they knew where i lived . 
 the back door into my garage was now hanging on its hinges , but i did n't take time to worry over the damage i 'd caused . 
 the exercise i 'd gotten on the way home had made me thirsty-extremely thirsty . 
 i blasted into the house like a hurricane and nearly tore the door off the fridge getting it open . 
 ripping into the carton of orange juice , i swallowed a mouthful and immediately became ill . 
 i was coughing up orange juice-the sticky , orange liquid was pouring from my throat and nostrils as my body rejected it . 
 and while that usually burns , it really burned now . 
 after rinsing my mouth out with water when i coughed up the last of the oj , -lrb- i was careful not to swallow any of the water -rrb- i sat down miserably on the living room sofa , grabbed the remote and turned on the television . 
 the news anchor was expounding on something he thought important enough to do an editorial over and then asking viewers to send e-mails with their opinions before getting back to the news . 
 staring in disbelief , i gaped at a photo of myself ; it was flashed there on the television screen while the female anchor was discussing my disappearance six days earlier . 
 the most recent newspaper i 'd seen in the cellar was from the day before , which meant that ed and serge had been visiting me every night . 
 there 'd been a newspaper purchased and left on the desk for each day i 'd been gone . 
 the vampires had n't arrived before i 'd wakened-there was no current newspaper . 
 they could have gotten there shortly after my escape , though . 
 that thought had me motivated right away . 
 upending the top drawer of my dresser in the bedroom , i peeled off the envelope taped to the bottom and then grabbed an empty purse out of the closet . 
 i wanted to take a shower but figured i was living on borrowed time as it was . 
 a comb and brush followed the envelope into my purse as i spared a glance at my reflection in the bathroom mirror , receiving the second largest shock of the evening . 
 the face i now wore ? 
 i did n't recognize it . 
 vampirism had restored my youth , but that was n't the biggest surprise . 
 i 'd never had the facial features the mirror reflected as i stared at my image in amazement . 
 my clothing ? 
 it hung off me . 
 i just had n't taken the time to look at any of it . 
 nothing in my closet would fit me now . 
 the last thought that went through my mind before i grabbed a coat out of the closet and hauled ass out of there , was that i 'd just put paid to the theory that vampires do n't cast a reflection . 
 don 's car had n't been driven in a month , probably . 
 i could n't remember when i 'd last started or driven the thing . 
 it was red and ancient-a 1959 cadillac with fins and everything . 
 my husband had loved that car . 
 i kept trying to get him to sell it and buy something a little more reliable and fuel friendly , but he 'd ignored me . 
 one of my favorite phrases when i teased him about it , was , `` donald workman does what donald workman wants to do . '' 
 he 'd laugh and do exactly that . 
 `` come on , you eccentric behemoth , '' i begged , trying to get the cadillac 's motor to turn over . 
 it finally did start and i apologized silently for not allowing it to warm up a little before shoving it into gear and backing out of the garage . 
 i was still so thirsty i thought i might go crazy as i hit the button on the garage door opener , closing down the door and mutely bidding my house and my life goodbye . 
 where do you go to find a blood donor ? 
 there was n't any way i wanted to prey on some of the homeless population and with the weather as cold as it was , they probably needed everything they had . 
 my thirst warred with my fear of killing someone if i did drink from them . 
 i 'd experimentally rolled down the window while driving through a twenty-four-hour pharmacy parking lot at one point . 
 i heard-actually heard-the blood rushing through the veins of the woman who 'd passed close to the car . 
 the tires of the cadillac left marks on the pavement as i screeched out of there . 
 time was my enemy as well . 
 the bank clock proclaimed that it was four-thirty and dawn would be coming soon . 
 were all the vampire stories true ? 
 was i going to fry if i did n't find a deep , dark place to hide during the day ? 
 where was the f ** king manual for new vampires ? 
 i drove past a bar-it was a dive located on a remote corner in the southeastern part of oklahoma city , boasting only one light pole to illuminate the parking lot . 
 the bar was closed but there were still two cars in the lot . 
 i found out why a few seconds later . 
 i 'd shown up just in time for the local dealer to pass off a baggie of drugs . 
 it was marijuana ; i could smell it when i rolled down the window . 
 is that frightening ? 
 i could smell it ? 
 i also smelled the deodorant on the teen buying and the stale , pungent body odor of the one selling . 
 i was out of the cadillac so fast i must have been a blur because i caught both of them unaware and had fangs sunk into the neck of the dealer before the teenager could even squeak . 
 a second squeak caused me to look up as i dropped the dealer , who fell to the ground with a bemused smile on his face . 
 at least he was still alive . 
 the teenager was backing away from me though , his baggie of weed clutched tightly in his hand and a horrified expression on his face . 
 i 'd gotten enough to drink , however . 
 `` go home ! '' 
 i shouted at the boy as he took another step backward . 
 he turned and ran , leaving his car behind . 
 the dealer was still sitting there on the cold , blacktopped surface of the parking lot , a look of worship on his face as he gazed up at me . 
 `` wow , '' he breathed , `` that 's the best orgasm i 've ever had . '' 
 `` get up from there , '' i muttered . 
 reaching down , i grabbed his arm and pulled him upright , setting him on his feet in less than a blink . 
 `` let 's just keep this between the two of us , all right ? '' 
 i said , dusting him off a little and turning him toward his car . 
 `` and stop selling to that kid . 
 he still has pimples , for christ 's sake . '' 
 another myth dispelled , i know , i 'd just said christ and had n't gone up in flames . 
 `` oh , yeah , thanks for the uh , you know , '' i could n't bring myself to say it . 
 `` baby , you can give me a hickey any day , '' the man was grinning and dazedly attempting to open his car door . 
 `` well , we 'll see , '' i told him . 
 `` now , go home and take a bath , willya ? '' 
 `` sure , '' he laughed , flopping onto the car seat . 
 i closed the door for him and trotted toward the cadillac . 
 the car was still running obediently in the middle of the road where i 'd left it , the driver 's door hanging wide open . 
 i climbed in , checked my appearance in the mirror and discovered a tiny bit of blood drying on my chin . 
 wiping it off , i adjusted the mirror and drove away , wondering where i might find a place to spend my daylight hours . 
 while i drove , i did have a thought-one of my neighbors had an outside storm shelter . 
 i did n't want to go back to my neighborhood but i knew plenty of people in oklahoma had storm shelters . 
 it was a good bet there would n't be any tornadoes during the day ; the weather was still too cold . 
 i found a shelter about a mile away after parking the cadillac in a strip-mall parking lot . 
 the lock on the shelter door twisted off easily in my hand and i climbed inside half an hour before dawn , determined to stay awake as long as i could . 
 it was n't long , as it turns out . 
 i was out like a light the minute the sun peeked over the horizon . 
 * * * `` you 're only now looking at her license ? '' 
 harry stared at the older vampire who held a purse in one hand , an oklahoma driver 's license in the other . 
 `` we overestimated her age , '' edward desmarais grumbled as he frowned at the birth date . 
 the driver 's license indicated the woman was forty-seven years of age , when he and sergio had believed her nearly sixty . 
 shoving the license inside the purse , edward handed the bag to harry and instructed him to destroy it . 
 edward was n't quite as handsome as sergio , although he still turned heads with blond hair that curled slightly and gray-blue eyes that might smile if the woman was pretty enough . 
 `` you know the council is going to ask how you managed to turn a female before they take your head , do n't you ? '' 
 harry asked a second question while stuffing the purse inside his briefcase . 
 `` the council need not know , '' edward sniffed . 
 he was more than three hundred years old and felt superior much of the time , while harry was a mere eighty-four and beneath edward 's notice . 
 `` sergio and i intend to track her down and eliminate the problem . '' 
 edward examined his fingernails . 
 they were perfect , as usual . 
 `` edward , you know how scarce females are among our kind , '' harry was nearly begging . 
 `` at least turn her over to the council-anonymously if you can . '' 
 `` there is too much danger that we will be discovered . 
 she was , as you might say , not an ideal candidate in the council 's eyes . '' 
 `` that does n't alter the fact that she exists , '' harry pressed . 
 `` for good or bad , she 's vampire . 
 ca n't you give her a chance ? '' 
 `` we dare not . 
 there are more lives at stake than hers . '' 
 edward was finished with the conversation , harry could tell . 
 he sighed a little . 
 `` fine . 
 if i hear anything , i 'll let you know . '' 
 `` see that you do , '' edward gave harry a final look and turned quickly , leaving the younger vampire standing in the alley outside the cellar . 
 harry was originally from missouri , born in an era when jazz and swing were popular . 
 he 'd never even heard of the flaming lips . 
 * * * the hunger was n't debilitating when i woke at sunset so i lay there , staring at the ceiling of the circular , prefab tornado shelter i 'd slept in while thinking about don . 
 since everyone knew i was missing , i wondered if don 's brother david had gone ahead and planned a funeral . 
 sighing , i slipped off the small bench i 'd slept on and walked up steep , narrow steps , cautiously lifting the door . 
 my ears and nose told me more than my eyes ; except for a dog barking far off , it was safe to come out . 
 once outside the shelter , i headed toward to the cadillac . 
 it sat there , thankfully , in the same spot i 'd left it . 
 a trip to walmart was in the offing-i could n't keep wearing the same clothes and i needed a shower . 
 the synthetic , elastic-waisted slacks i wore were threatening to drop if i moved too quickly and my blouse had twisted around me while i 'd slept in it . 
 the envelope i 'd taken from home held exactly six thousand dollars in cash . 
 it was don 's funeral expense money , but what else was i supposed to do ? 
 wandering the aisles in walmart later , i picked up jeans , blouses , socks , bras and underwear . 
 a couple pairs of athletic shoes-white and black-went into my basket , too . 
 a coin-operated laundromat was my next stop , where i washed my new clothes . 
 perhaps someone else can wear new jeans without washing them . 
 i ca n't . 
 the smell of the dye alone offended my senses now . 
 i 'd picked up a cell phone too , while i 'd been at walmart , the kind you can pay for your minutes in advance . 
 i called david 's number on it , since that was the only way to find out where things stood . 
 david was don 's only brother , and he 'd be the one making arrangements in my absence . 
 we 'd never been close , but i had to find out what was going on . 
 david 's wife , sara , answered the phone . 
 disguising my voice as best i could , i identified myself as a cousin from out of state . 
 `` i just heard the news , '' i said . 
 `` can you tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 `` well , we buried don two days ago , '' sara replied . 
 `` they found lissa 's car in the oklahoma river , but they have n't found her body yet . '' 
 i had to clap a hand over my mouth to hold back the gasp that threatened to escape . 
 the oklahoma river was several miles away from the bar where i 'd been attacked . 
 ed and serge had gone to great lengths to hide their crime . 
 `` so , they 're pretty sure she 's dead ? '' 
 i asked after getting myself under control . 
 `` yes . 
 a shame , do n't you think ? 
 probably suicide . '' 
 sara clucked for a few seconds as she imagined a more mundane death for me . 
 `` lissa and don were really close , you know , '' she continued . 
 `` we 've already talked to her place of employment-lissa took a leave of absence while don was in the hospital . 
 she worked for one of the judges downtown , you know . '' 
 `` what 's next , then ? '' 
 i asked , working to keep the quiver from my voice . 
 my job , my friends , my home-everything was gone , now . 
 i knew david and sara would have to get the courts to declare me legally dead before claiming any insurance money , but i figured that was already in the works . 
 `` david 's already got a lawyer , '' sara was reading my mind . 
 `` we 're working on getting everything straightened out . 
 you 're not going to believe this , though . 
 somebody broke into the house , stole don 's old cadillac and a few other things and then ransacked the place . 
 we have to put new doors on and we 're getting a security system installed so it wo n't happen again . '' 
 my house was worth around two hundred thousand and it was paid for . 
 yeah , they 'd get a security system to cover their assets . 
 i also had two hundred thousand in a life insurance policy . 
 sara had always been a little on the mercenary side , so it was no surprise that they had a lawyer . 
 i 'd have to ditch the cadillac , too , since it was reported stolen . 
 after loading my freshly laundered clothing into the cadillac , i drove to a nearby motel , hoping i could get a room without having id or a credit card . 
 the young man behind the front desk might have been torn between calling the police and hiding behind the counter when i walked in . 
 getting a good look at myself in the mirror behind the desk , i could see why . 
 my eyes were red . 
 not red from lack of sleep or crying for hours . 
 these eyes were bright red . 
 blood red . 
 i 'd smelled blood the minute i 'd walked into the place . 
 someone had been bleeding . 
 i caught sight of the desk clerk 's hand ; two fingers were bandaged . 
 it was his blood i 'd scented . 
 `` i need a room , '' i almost growled at him . 
 `` y-yes ma'am , '' he stuttered . 
 `` stop being frightened , i 'm not going to hurt you , '' i snapped . 
 the immediate difference was astounding . 
 the guy straightened right up and became professional . 
 `` i 'll need your id and credit card , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't need to give my id and credit card . 
 this will be cash only , for one night , '' i growled . 
 `` yes ma'am , '' he tapped at his computer . 
 `` your name ? '' 
 `` you do n't need my name . 
 give me a key . '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 more tapping . 
 `` room 206 . 
 elevator is around the corner . 
 he handed a key card over . 
 i gave him cash for the room . 
 `` you do n't remember what i look like , '' i added as a precaution and went to get a few things out of the car . 
 the shower felt really good . 
 vampires clearly appreciate warm water as well as anyone . 
 i changed into new jeans and a long-sleeved t afterward . 
 i had n't been able to tuck in my blouses since i was in high school but i did now , taking a good look at my image in the mirror . 
 my hair was strawberry blond again , like it had been in my youth and my eyes were a clear blue . 
 my skin was now flawless , whereas it had n't been before and well , i had a figure . 
 a nice one . 
 i was having difficulty reconciling what i 'd been only a few days before and what was reflected in the mirror now . 
 my jeans ? 
 a size six , thank you . 
 when ed and serge had attacked me , i 'd been a size sixteen and for somebody five-one , that 's big . 
 i 'd always joked with my co-workers at the courthouse that i resembled an egg . 
 no more egg . 
 and i looked to be in my early twenties , on top of that . 
 trashing my old clothes on the way out of the motel , i slid into the cadillac and went looking for a place to leave it . 
 there 's a cemetery on sunnylane road in del city that you can drive around in . 
 it 's pretty in the spring and summer with all the trees and sculpture . 
 now it was dead grass and darkness . 
 i left the cadillac parked on the south end and took the keys with me when i walked away . 
 don 's key ring was probably the only thing belonging to him that i could keep . 
 i could n't see that the police would come looking for me either-my fingerprints would have been in the car anyway . 
 after all , i was don 's wife and i 'd driven the car a few times just to keep the battery charged up . 
 all i had to do now was find somebody who wanted to donate blood and then find a place to stay while the sun was up . 
 * * * `` i was hoping she 'd return and make things simpler for us , '' sergio glanced around the cellar . 
 he and edward had rented it as an emergency hiding space and it would have been the perfect place for the female to spend her daylight hours . 
 instead , her scent had gone cold inside it . 
 she had n't come back . 
 `` she ca n't be all that intelligent , '' edward said . 
 `` did you see her ? 
 she looked like hell , did n't take care of herself and did n't have a drop of make-up on . 
 no wonder we both thought she was nearing sixty . '' 
 `` see her ? '' 
 i turned her , if you 'll recall , '' sergio snorted . 
 `` i almost gagged doing it , too . '' 
 `` i can not understand this , '' edward raked fingers through his hair . 
 `` she had n't changed all that much when we saw her last . 
 how did this happen , my friend ? '' 
 `` no idea . 
 i 've been checking the local news for any information regarding unexplained deaths or missing humans , but have found nothing out of the ordinary . 
 if she 's feeding and killing , she has n't yet done anything to raise suspicion . '' 
 `` you know that 's all it will take to bring the enforcers in , '' edward paced inside the cellar . 
 `` we must find her first and eliminate our little faux pas . '' 
 he and sergio walked out into the alleyway only a short time later . 
 the woman had one advantage over them ; she 'd lived in the city all her life and they 'd only been there a short time , stopping briefly on their way to the west coast . 
 their stop had been extended due to their own foolishness . 
 now they had to eradicate the evidence of that foolishness before moving on . 
 * * * `` hey , sugar , what 's your name ? '' 
 the man 's breath was so loaded with alcohol i almost choked . 
 i 'd decided earlier that a drunk might not remember much if i bit him , and with the little bit of persuasion i seemed to have , that would make it even easier . 
 `` how about you and me , over in that corner ? '' 
 i had to get close to the man 's ear ; the music was playing so loudly inside the dimly lit western bar it was painful to me . 
 smells too were assaulting my now-sensitive nose-perfume , beer , sweat and sex . 
 the man i 'd chosen was plastered already and willing to agree to anything , especially if a female proposed it to him . 
 i took his hand and led him over to the darkest corner , got him settled into a booth and waited until nobody seemed to be looking to do my thing . 
 i was holding his head while i drank so any casual observer would think we were necking . 
 i licked the last few drops of blood off his throat afterward and let him sit back in his seat . 
 he blinked at me a few times while a slow grin spread across his face . 
 `` sugar , that was some kiss , '' he slurred . 
 i patted him on the shoulder and got up to leave the bar , learning quickly once i was outside that drinking from a human that was already drunk makes the vampire drunk as well . 
 i wobbled my way across the street that ran alongside the bar . 
 there were businesses and furniture outlets nearby and i wanted to see if any one of them might have a spot where i could sit for a while until the drunk wore off . 
 * * * drinking from a drunk was now on my list of things never to do again , i vowed when i woke the following evening . 
 i 'd gone to bed in the basement of a warehouse under renovation , and since it was sunday , nobody was scheduled to work . 
 i was lucky to be in one piece-i 'd gotten into a car the evening before with four crazed frat boys from a local university after a tiny bit of coaxing . 
 they 'd slowed down as i 'd walked toward one of my targeted furniture stores , asking if i needed help or a ride . 
 the young men were out looking for fun , and after they 'd convinced me to ride with them , we 'd done a bit of a pub-crawl . 
 i know . 
 i 'd intended to go looking for a place to sober up , but alcohol inhibits your judgment just as they always said it would . 
 i did have something i did n't have before , though . 
 pulling the fake id out of my jeans pocket , i examined it carefully . 
 my frat boys knew somebody that might help me , they 'd said after mentioning their goal of going to as many bars as possible during the evening . 
 since i had no id , i 'd lied to them and spun a tale of woe about having my purse stolen . 
 i 'd gotten my meal in the first bar by using the mojo i seemed to have , but that did n't guarantee it would work everywhere . 
 plus , i was learning to lie like a professional , i suppose , and those boys ate it right up . 
 they had a friend who was in the business , they 'd said . 
 for two hundred dollars , that friend fixed me right up . 
 the braces-sporting geeky youth cranked out a new id for me in a matter of minutes . 
 it even had the hologram that everybody checks . 
 i was lissa b. haddon , now . 
 we 'd lived next door to some haddons when i was little and the name just popped into my head . 
 according to my id , i was twenty-three and weighed one-ten with blue eyes and blond hair . 
 i hoped the id was good enough to get me out of town-ed and serge had to be looking for me still and i did n't want to hang around and wait on them to show up . 
 a cab drove me to target where i purchased a rolling suitcase and then asked the driver to take me to the bus station . 
 if you have a sensitive nose , the bus station might be the last place you want to go . 
 i shoved all my clothing into my new suitcase and used my new id to buy a bus ticket . 
 i was heading to denton , texas , just as fast as i could get there . 
 there was a bus heading out at three in the morning and arriving in denton around six . 
 according to the schedules , denton was as far as i could go with the amount of time i had . 
 it also left me a little time to find a place to sleep once i got there . 
 my blood donor for the evening was hanging around a bar about a block over , and he had a big grin on his face when i left him . 
 * * * after my arrival in denton , i found a nearby hotel to spend the daylight hours . 
 i figured i was risking my life sleeping in a motel room to begin with , so i made sure the door was locked and the drapes drawn . 
 even then , i curled up on the windowless bathroom floor , wrapped up in all the bedding i could drag off the bed before i went to sleep . 
 well , sleeping might be a misconception . 
 one minute i 'd be awake , the next i was unconscious . 
 i know i breathed while i was awake , that allowed me to speak . 
 as far as a heartbeat went , i did n't have one . 
 that myth was no longer a myth . 
 whether i breathed or not while i slept-i had no way of knowing . 
 the newspaper crackled as i turned the pages after nightfall at the nearby denny 's , searching for a job . 
 the money i had would only get me so far , after all , and clothing , hotel rooms and bus tickets had already put a hefty dent in my cash . 
 a job was in order so i could take some time , build up a larger reserve and review my limited options . 
 it would have to be a night job , too-that was a no-brainer . 
 after all , plenty of people worked at night : hotel desk clerks , all-night service station attendants , fry cooks at denny 's - the list was narrow and far from perfect . 
 i sighed , pretended to sip my black coffee and kept looking . 
 one job fit my requirements ; cleaning offices at night . 
 the work hours were ten at night until six in the morning . 
 i circled that and hoped somebody would be there before dawn or late at night so i could interview . 
 i also circled a waitress job , a job delivering bundles of newspapers to hotels -lrb- i 'd need a car for that one -rrb- and a night security guard . 
 that was a possibility since it was for a nearby college . 
 belatedly , i wondered if i needed to know how to shoot a gun . 
 there was also an ad for a personal bodyguard , asking for night hours . 
 i circled that . 
 my evening meal came from a man in the motel parking lot who was climbing into his car to go barhopping . 
 he was smiling and asking me to go with him after i finished . 
 `` no , i just want you to go have a good time and forget about me , '' i instructed , patting his shoulder cordially . 
 his eyes went blank as he started his car and drove away , almost running over my toes when he left me standing there . 
 after hopping aside to keep my toes from becoming tread toast , i resolved to phrase my instructions more carefully from then on . 
 the phone rang four times at the number for the personal bodyguard before somebody picked up . 
 it was the last and only number answered by a human on my list . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 the voice did n't sound happy . 
 `` i was calling about the bodyguard position listed in the paper , '' i said . 
 `` a girl ? '' 
 he sounded a little snarly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` be at this address in an hour . '' 
 he gave an address , which i hastily wrote down and hung up immediately after verifying . 
 not one for words , i suppose . 
 a cab dropped me off at the designated address and the driver handed off a card with his cell number so i could call when the interview was over . 
 i did n't know whether i liked all the male fawning and attention or not ; it was certainly a new experience for me . 
 we 'd pulled into a circle drive after passing tall , wrought iron gates that stood open . 
 wondering if the gates were normally shut , i stared around me as i walked to the front door of the huge , three story mansion and pressed the doorbell . 
 somebody had lots of money ; there was no doubt about that . 
 the door opened and i found a tall , very nice looking man with black hair and nearly black eyes standing there , dressed completely in dark clothing . 
 he did n't have time to say anything , merely drawing in a sharp breath before another man , dressed in denim head to toe , rocketed through the door and barreled right into me . 
 my reflexes were much faster now , i discovered as i flung the attacker to the side . 
 he snarled and came right back after me . 
 i backhanded him , knocking him into the wall beside the door . 
 that slowed him down a bit . 
 the tall , dark-haired man watched the drama unfolding before him on the wide verandah , his arms crossed casually over his chest as if a battle were n't going on all around him . 
 his lips curved in an amused smile as my assailant slid down the wall . 
 my attacker was a little stiff when he rose and lurched toward me , so i grabbed him by the collar of his denim jacket and tossed him easily off the porch . 
 he landed with a satisfying crunch a good ten feet away , right in the middle of the paved circular drive . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 i asked , staring at the crumpled heap in the driveway . 
 `` your new boss , '' the tall man replied , grinning . 
 `` davis , get up and get back in here ! '' 
 he shouted at the man . 
 `` maybe i should go help him , '' i said , thinking i was n't making any points by beating the crap out of the guy . 
 davis rolled over on his side , managed to come up on all fours and then slowly stood . 
 he looked at me and then wobbled over . 
 `` where the hell did you learn how to hit like that ? '' 
 he asked , wiping his bleeding lip with a knuckle . 
 `` it 's a newly acquired skill , '' i replied . 
 `` i am william winkler , '' the tall man said , offering his hand . 
 i took it . 
 `` lissa haddon , '' i gave my new name . 
 `` come in , lissa , and we 'll talk salary , '' william winkler said , so i followed him inside the house . 
 davis came in behind me , a little slower than he 'd gone out . 
 chapter 3 `` davis and you will be the night guards , glen and phil are the day guards , '' winkler informed me after we settled on thirty-seven thousand as a starting salary . 
 it included a room in the guesthouse so that was all right with me ; i just hoped there were n't too many windows to block . 
 winkler owned a nationwide electronic security company plus an armored car service and farmed out security guards to banks and the like . 
 having a bunch of personal bodyguards seemed a little paranoid to me but i kept that to myself . 
 `` we patrol the property , '' davis informed me , rubbing his left shoulder as we walked around the edges of winkler 's expansive grounds later . 
 the house was huge , sitting on four acres of well-kept lawn . 
 an eight-foot concrete and stucco wall surrounded the property and the iron gate that had been open when i arrived was now closed and would require a code to get in . 
 `` nobody comes in unless we 're expecting them , '' davis added . 
 `` winkler has a personal assistant who answers calls and the like during the daytime . 
 you 're lucky i was there to get the phone when you called . '' 
 `` sorry about the shoulder , '' i said . 
 `` i had no idea who was attacking me . 
 it was reflex . '' 
 `` i 'll remember not to jump you next time , '' he rotated his arm a little , trying to get his shoulder to loosen up . 
 `` the other guys come on around six-thirty , '' he said . 
 i mentally gulped , hoping i could get to my room before the sun came up and that i would n't fry if i had to go on duty before the sun was completely down . 
 i 'd find out , i suppose . 
 again , i wished for the latest version of the vampire manual . 
 my hand covered a yawn the next morning as i was introduced to glen and phil , the day guys . 
 seems i had the whole top floor of the guesthouse to myself . 
 glen and phil , having seniority , got bedrooms inside the house and had the extra duty of jumping and running at night if anything got past davis and me . 
 i also discovered that i could deal with a bit of muted light but the brighter it was , the more uncomfortable i became . 
 i was glad to hole up in my top floor guesthouse suite where there were light blocking shades , installed specifically for day sleepers . 
 my alarm was set for six so i could grab a quick shower before going to work . 
 the only remaining dilemma was finding a meal . 
 * * * `` we 've got problems , '' edward informed sergio as he watched the evening news . 
 the anchor was describing a young man from a local community who had posted an unusual account on myspace . 
 `` we 're trying to contact the young man for an interview , '' the anchor was smiling , refusing to take the whole thing seriously . 
 `` the teen claims he watched a female vampire bite someone else before chasing after him . 
 he says the vampire did n't kill the man , she just took blood from him . '' 
 the anchor and his female counterpart were both laughing . 
 `` that 's all for tonight , and fangs for watching , '' the anchor said . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 sergio shouted . 
 `` where the hell is harry ? 
 is n't he supposed to be out looking for her ? '' 
 `` we have no idea when that teen saw her , if he did see her , '' edward was calming himself . 
 `` you know those young ones that do what they call goth ? 
 who knows what kinds of tales they are capable of spinning ? 
 i suggest you get harry to track down this young man . 
 a little compulsion will tell us right away if he 's being honest or not . '' 
 `` fine , '' sergio snapped angrily , pulling out his cell phone . 
 harry had gotten information from the del city police department after they located the cadillac . 
 it had been abandoned in a cemetery near the center of town and he 'd employed a little compulsion of his own to examine the vehicle while it was impounded . 
 it definitely had the smell of a vampire about it . 
 he was just about to call edward with the news when his cell rang . 
 `` harry , here , '' he said after checking the id . 
 `` harry , we have another assignment for you ; a human that may have spotted our quarry , '' edward informed him . 
 harry blinked at edward 's news . 
 `` i was just about to call you , the police found the cadillac abandoned in del city and it has the scent all over it . '' 
 `` where was the car ? '' 
 edward asked . 
 `` in a cemetery , '' harry replied . 
 `` meet us at the house , '' edward instructed . 
 `` and bring your laptop . 
 we have information on someone who may have seen her . '' 
 harry was in his car within seconds and on his way to the house that edward and sergio had been forced to rent . 
 there were three safe houses in the area but those generally required checking in with the council . 
 edward and sergio wanted to avoid that at all costs . 
 * * * `` sir ? '' 
 charles stood in the doorway to wlodek 's study , a sheaf of papers in his hands . 
 `` what do you have , charles ? '' 
 wlodek , head of the vampire council , looked up at his personal assistant . 
 for nearly three hundred years charles had been his private secretary , but times and labels had changed . 
 charles did n't seem to care one way or the other what he was called . 
 anywhere else , charles would be considered the biggest snoop anyone had ever seen . 
 he was also discretion itself and often provided wlodek with information and insights that he might not have gotten otherwise . 
 `` these papers are for you to sign , '' charles handed the pages he was holding over to wlodek after walking up to wlodek 's huge , antique desk . 
 `` and there 's something else you should know . '' 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 wlodek quirked an eyebrow at his assistant . 
 `` you know about myspace ? '' 
 `` your space ? '' 
 `` no , honored one , myspace . 
 it 's a networking website where anyone can post just about anything . 
 i keep a lookout on all those websites and blogs , sir , in case anything pops up that we should be interested in . '' 
 `` i 'm assuming you found something ? '' 
 wlodek 's eyes were nearly black , they were so dark , and only his hair was darker in color . 
 he was more than twenty-six hundred years old and his origins were greek . 
 his name , however , had been something other than wlodek in the beginning . 
 after poland became a country , he 'd settled there for a time and changed his name . 
 he 'd been known as wlodek ever since . 
 `` yes , honored one , '' charles continued . 
 `` a human teen claims to have seen a female vampire drinking from a man . '' 
 charles was holding back a smile , but amusement danced in his hazel eyes anyway . 
 wlodek was n't particularly fond of merriment in such close quarters . 
 he cleared his throat to bring charles back to the issue at hand . 
 `` did he say if the man still lives ? '' 
 wlodek asked , his face betraying no emotion . 
 `` that 's what he said . 
 of course , we have no way of knowing whether this might be true or not . '' 
 charles nearly bounced on his toes . 
 a female vampire . 
 what news ! 
 `` if he saw a female , then it likely is n't true , '' wlodek sighed . 
 `` we have so few females . '' 
 charles nearly deflated at wlodek 's statement . 
 `` i wonder why they 're so hard to turn ? '' 
 charles mused aloud . 
 he knew very well that a female had n't been successfully turned in more than seven hundred years . 
 wlodek would know that better than anyone , so charles kept the information to himself , schooling his features . 
 he 'd allowed himself a bit of excitement . 
 now it was time to deal with reality . 
 `` a question i have often asked myself , '' wlodek answered . 
 `` find out as much as you can about this rumor , young charles , and keep me posted . 
 if i feel this merits investigation , i will send an enforcer . '' 
 `` of course , honored one . '' 
 a bit of charles ' former excitement returned and he smiled to himself as he left wlodek 's office . 
 wlodek leafed through the papers charles left with him before picking up a pen and signing his name . 
 * * * i had to be swift and cautious . 
 the mansion that bordered winkler 's was having a party and some of the guests had gone outside to smoke pot at the back fence . 
 scaling the eight-foot wall in two blinks , i silently dropped down on the other side , three feet away from the two twenty-somethings who were lighting a joint . 
 i ordered one to look away while i helped myself at the throat of the other . 
 he enjoyed it more than i did , sighing lustily when i licked his throat and pulled away . 
 i was over the wall again in another blink as the other young man turned to his companion and offered him a hit . 
 `` we 're going out , '' davis announced , calling me in on his walkie-talkie a few minutes later . 
 he 'd given me a little time earlier to go and retrieve my suitcase from the motel room and check out . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i warn you , i only brought jeans with me . '' 
 `` that 'll be good enough for tonight , winkler just wants a beer , '' davis said . 
 `` i 'm driving , you sit in the back . '' 
 a mercedes waited on the circular drive when winkler walked out of the house dressed in a designer shirt and jeans , wearing loafers that probably cost more than i used to earn in a month . 
 he moved with a casual grace , sliding his wide-shouldered frame into the front passenger seat . 
 winkler was n't hard to look at , so i reminded myself that it was n't polite to stare . 
 dutifully i loaded into the back of the car . 
 i 'd never ridden in a mercedes before and wanted to explore the vehicle a little . 
 i figured that would be rude so i folded my hands politely in my lap and listened while winkler told davis where he wanted to go . 
 a nightclub in dallas was our destination for the evening and it was definitely upscale with what i considered high-class call girls at the bar . 
 winkler got a table while i asked davis if he wanted me off to the side or somewhere else to keep a watch on things . 
 `` no , sit at the table with winkler , '' he said . 
 `` just make sure nobody approaches him unless he wants it . '' 
 davis sat down between winkler and me . 
 he was facing the door , i had the bar area . 
 `` hooker at two o'clock , '' i leaned in and muttered to davis who passed the message off to winkler . 
 `` let her come , '' winkler drank from the bottle of beer he 'd ordered . 
 i watched the woman anyway as the dyed-blonde sauntered toward winkler , wiggling suggestively as she settled beside him . 
 red lips pouting a little , she maneuvered her body as close to winkler 's as she could . 
 he bought a drink for her and it was n't long before she was doing her best to rub herself all over him . 
 projectile vomiting came to mind as i struggled to scan the room and ignore the implied sex . 
 my chair overturned as i leapt up to snatch the cell phone out of a customer 's hand ; he was about to snap a photograph of winkler and the woman . 
 yeah , i thought she was a hooker , but i had to give her the benefit of the doubt until i knew for sure . 
 `` you do n't want to do that , '' i was afraid i 'd crush the cell phone just by squeezing it a little while the man backed away from me . 
 `` s-sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll just bet you are , '' i slapped the phone into his hand . 
 `` tell me who you are and why you wanted that picture , '' i growled . 
 `` r-reporter , dallas news , '' he mumbled . 
 `` well , reporter , dallas news , do n't you think it 's time you left ? '' 
 i gave him the nastiest glare i could conjure . 
 my life had certainly changed in the space of a few days . 
 before , i would have apologized to a fly for swatting at it . 
 `` sure , '' the reporter agreed breathlessly , backing away from me a little more . 
 `` and you can forget you saw any of us , '' i added , following him until he was out the door and heading down the hall toward the elevator . 
 the nightclub perched on the top floor of one of the many tall buildings in dallas , with a nice view of the entire city . 
 there was n't time to stare out the plate glass windows next to the bank of elevators ; i had a job to do . 
 sighing , i walked back to the bar . 
 the hooker was now attempting to taunt me , licking winkler 's earlobe when i sat down again . 
 i just rolled my eyes a little and looked the other way . 
 `` who was the jerk ? '' 
 davis asked , leaning over so i could hear him . 
 actually , i could have heard him just fine anyway , but he did n't know that . 
 `` reporter for dallas news , '' i informed davis . 
 `` did he get the picture ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 winkler ordered another beer and the hooker asked for another fruit drink . 
 davis and i were served club soda . 
 i pretended to drink mine . 
 `` he 's taking her home , '' davis grimaced when winkler indicated he was ready to go . 
 `` fuck , '' i muttered . 
 who can account for the taste in men ? 
 i certainly could n't . 
 and the fact that my language had now descended all the way into the gutter did n't help matters , either . 
 some other woman might have handled becoming vampire with grace and dignity . 
 i was n't that woman . 
 i had n't gotten to mourn my husband , go to his funeral , or fight for what should still be mine . 
 that was taken away . 
 i had no idea if i could put up a good fight against ed and serge , but as far as i was concerned , they had a lot to answer for . 
 i sat up front with davis this time while winkler and his hooker du jour necked in the back of the car . 
 i caught davis glancing into the rear-view mirror from time to time and briefly wondered what he was seeing . 
 after thinking about it for a moment , i realized i did n't want to know . 
 phil and glen had taken the night off so davis and i checked the house over while winkler poured out a drink for his lady friend . 
 when we gave the all clear , he escorted her to his bedroom on the second floor . 
 i wanted to put a finger down my throat and gag . 
 `` do you want to stay inside and guard the house or go outside and walk the perimeter ? '' 
 davis asked me . 
 `` if it 's all the same to you , i 'll go outside , '' i said . 
 `` take a jacket , it 's getting cold out , '' he called after me . 
 i just waved a hand and walked out the door . 
 davis was n't bad looking as men went , but for me , it was still much too soon after losing don , even if he had been unconscious for two full months before he died . 
 davis had wavy brown hair and light brown eyes that tended to sparkle a little if he was amused . 
 he was around six feet tall and in good shape . 
 he worked out with weights ; i 'd seen them on their racks inside his downstairs guesthouse apartment . 
 instead of walking the perimeter the first couple of rounds that night , i jogged a little , making a full round in a short period of time . 
 it gave me time to think and i wondered what was worrying winkler . 
 i also wondered why a reporter wanted a photograph that badly . 
 and four bodyguards ? 
 did the president have that many swarming around him all the time ? 
 six-thirty rolled around and glen and phil took over while davis informed them that the boss had a sleepover . 
 phil grumbled a little-somebody would have to take her home and he figured it would be him . 
 * * * `` have you tracked down the teen ? '' 
 edward asked harry when harry arrived with the cooler of blood . 
 `` not yet , '' harry replied . 
 `` and i had to lie and tell the supplier that my fridge broke down so he 'd send more blood . '' 
 harry 's complaint was ignored . 
 edward could have ordered it himself from the council-owned blood bank , but that would tell them where he was . 
 edward had no desire for the council to learn his whereabouts . 
 * * * `` i have the information , honored one , '' charles was back with more papers . 
 wlodek had to think for a moment to determine what charles meant . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asked . 
 charles smiled . 
 wlodek knew that smile . 
 charles could charm or bribe information from just about anyone , and since compulsion did n't work over the phone , those skills were often quite useful . 
 wlodek never asked how charles did it ; he really did n't want to know . 
 `` the teen described it quite accurately , '' charles was still smiling . 
 `` and i managed to learn from him that the man bitten provides the boy with his weekly supply of marijuana . 
 the man is still supplying him , although he seems reluctant to do so . '' 
 `` so , have either of them seen the vampire again ? '' 
 wlodek did n't know whether to express his growing interest to charles . 
 `` the teen says no . 
 i have n't spoken with the dealer . '' 
 `` why do n't you attempt to do so and we will go from there ? '' 
 wlodek glanced at the papers charles handed him to sign . 
 `` what does gilbert want this time ? '' 
 he held up the request for an audience with the council . 
 `` he swears he has created a device that will warm a unit of blood in less than ten minutes , '' charles snorted . 
 `` you know how many times we 've tried something like this and it just ruins the blood . '' 
 `` i realize that . 
 why do n't you ask him to submit the schematics instead and we will decide whether to allow him inside the council chamber . '' 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 charles held out a hand and wlodek handed the paper over , holding it by a corner with an expression of distaste . 
 gilbert was n't one of his favorite vampires . 
 `` has radomir arrived , yet ? '' 
 wlodek asked . 
 `` i wish to speak with him . '' 
 `` i 'll find out , '' charles said , lifting the walkie-talkie from the holster at his belt . 
 `` rolfe , has rad come in ? '' 
 he released the button on the walkie-talkie . 
 `` not yet , '' came the crackling reply . 
 `` send him up when he arrives , '' charles said . 
 `` will do , '' rolfe sent back . 
 `` anything else , honored one ? '' 
 charles asked . 
 `` nothing at the moment , '' wlodek told him . 
 charles turned quickly and left the office . 
 radomir , the youngest of wlodek 's three remaining vampire children , arrived in wlodek 's study less than fifteen minutes later . 
 `` father ? '' 
 radomir dipped his head respectfully to wlodek . 
 `` child , i want you to contact gavin montegue , '' wlodek sighed . 
 `` and keep it quiet . 
 this must be between the three of us , do you understand ? '' 
 radomir 's eyes widened only a fraction but wlodek caught it . 
 radomir knew things were serious if wlodek was asking for their most effective assassin . 
 gavin had served the council as an enforcer for three hundred years before taking on the assignment as wlodek 's elite assassin . 
 if gavin went after a rogue , their death was assured and would come swiftly . 
 `` what shall i tell him , father ? '' 
 radomir asked . 
 wlodek watched his youngest turn carefully . 
 radomir was more than eleven hundred years old . 
 flavio was nearly eighteen hundred . 
 and the other-only that child and wlodek knew that wlodek had made him . 
 he was quite old indeed . 
 `` i have had word from someone operating on my behalf in the u.s. , '' wlodek shuffled papers on his desk . 
 `` he tells me that two of ours accidentally turned a female and she is running loose and feeding from the populace without guidance . '' 
 `` do you know where she is ? '' 
 radomir wanted to know . 
 his breath had caught when his sire said female . 
 `` not exactly , '' wlodek frowned and signed his name to the top paper . 
 `` we 've narrowed it down to a general area . 
 i also want those two imbeciles taken into custody and brought to me . 
 i wish to question them before we pass sentence . '' 
 `` and the female ? '' 
 radomir was still holding his breath . 
 `` she will be eliminated , '' wlodek said softly . 
 `` if those fools had taken responsibility in the beginning , this might have been avoided . 
 as it is , '' wlodek signed his name to another paper , `` i am considering her rogue , my child . 
 that is why i 'm calling gavin . '' 
 `` i 'll bring him tomorrow evening , father . '' 
 radomir nodded to wlodek again and left the study . 
 radomir knew why wlodek was asking him to contact gavin . 
 all of wlodek 's calls came through charles . 
 wlodek did n't want to upset charles with this for some reason . 
 radomir would never say it , but he found gavin 's involvement and wlodek 's decision just as distasteful as charles might . 
 * * * davis was forced to take winkler 's date home . 
 he 'd grumbled about the assignment and then phil had done a little grumbling of his own so davis loaded the woman in the car and pulled through the iron gate . 
 she was humming and applying lipstick when he dropped her off . 
 davis made a mental note and pulled away a little , turning a corner before stopping to watch the woman . 
 `` we need to run a check on the person living at this address , '' davis walked into the kitchen later with a slip of paper in his hand , interrupting winkler at breakfast . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 winkler wiped his hands on a napkin . 
 `` the real address of your lady friend from last night , '' davis growled . 
 `` she asked me to drop her off at an apartment complex in fort worth , but i pulled around and waited while she made a call on her cell and a cab came to pick her up . 
 i followed until the cab dropped her off at this address . '' 
 phil and glen were helping themselves to pancakes the cook had just served up , but phil was the one who reached over and took the address from davis . 
 `` lissa was about to have a hissy fit over the woman last night , '' winkler smiled and cut into his own pancakes . 
 `` maybe you should listen to lissa more often , '' davis said . 
 `` she had that reporter collared before he could even blink . '' 
 `` and that 's why there 's no footage of me all over the news this morning , '' winkler agreed . 
 `` perhaps we should make ourselves a little more public . 
 do you think she 'd like to go to a basketball game ? 
 i have tickets for tonight . '' 
 `` are you sure this is what you want ? 
 you know they 'll broadcast your image all over the place . '' 
 `` a game is harmless , '' winkler observed . 
 `` lissa can appear to be my date . 
 she 's quite attractive . '' 
 `` i have n't failed to notice , '' davis said dryly . 
 `` but she said last night she only has jeans to wear . '' 
 `` here , '' winkler passed over his credit card . 
 `` go find something for her . 
 size six . '' 
 `` how do you know these things ? '' 
 davis muttered , slipping the credit card into his pocket . 
 `` why do you think they 're all after me ? '' 
 winkler replied , grinning . 
 `` i 'm a genius . '' 
 * * * davis was pounding on my door when i got out of the shower at six-fifteen . 
 yeah , i know i had n't bought a robe and the motel room i 'd rented had n't been classy enough to provide one that i could steal . 
 and yes , i 'm probably going to hell for even thinking about stealing a robe . 
 if hell exists . 
 truthfully , i think i 've been there for a while . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i flung the door open , clothed only in a big , fluffy towel that i 'd wrapped around myself . 
 at least winkler provided his guests -lrb- and employees -rrb- with big fluffy towels . 
 davis just stared for a minute , shut his mouth a few seconds past that and handed a bag over to me . 
 `` we 're going to a mavericks game tonight and winkler wants you to pose as his date . 
 wear something in the bag . '' 
 he turned to leave . 
 i was too shocked to thank him at first . 
 in my experience , men did n't normally buy anything you 'd pick for yourself and it usually did n't fit on top of that . 
 remembering my manners when it was nearly too late , i yelled , `` thanks , '' at his retreating back . 
 davis just flung up a hand and kept walking toward the stairs . 
 okay , the long-sleeved top was really pretty . 
 a royal blue with some sort of beading , designed in a crossover style that would accent the br ** sts . 
 there were two other tops ; one pink , the other a plum color , but i liked the blue best . 
 then there were two pairs of slacks and a skirt . 
 the skirt i tossed aside right away-it was short . 
 the shoes at the bottom of the bag were only a half-size off . 
 davis must be good at sizing people up ; the clothes were all in a size six . 
 the blue top and the black pants were what i chose to wear . 
 i was n't sure if i 'd ever worn anything that i liked so much or had more than likely cost so much . 
 the shoes were christian louboutin , in black with a kitten heel . 
 the bag came from saks , so some money or serious plastic had changed hands . 
 i french-braided my hair , too . 
 an old friend i worked with at the courthouse had shown me how , once . 
 gloria was a tall black woman who had enough confidence and charisma for six ordinary people . 
 i always admired her for speaking her mind and having what it took to look everybody in the eye when she said it . 
 gloria never minced words and she could braid hair better than anybody i 'd ever met . 
 too bad i did n't have any earrings , they might have completed the outfit but i was hoarding the four thousand dollars in cash i still had left . 
 i had no idea if or when i would find myself on the streets again . 
 winkler seemed satisfied with what he saw when i showed up inside the house a little while later . 
 `` you clean up nice , '' phil wandered out of the kitchen carrying a sandwich on a plate in one hand and a soda in the other . 
 i wanted to snap at him for some reason . 
 don 's cadillac came to mind when davis drove a new model around front and i was more than happy to sit in the back seat on the drive to dallas this time . 
 i also listened in on his and winkler 's conversation , learning only then that little miss spread-legs from the bar was a spy of some sort . 
 since davis had been in the house all night , she had n't been able to poke around like she wanted . 
 `` she came out twice , once to get a drink in the kitchen and the second time to find the bathroom down the hall . 
 that 's what made me suspicious , '' davis observed after winkler said that phil had gotten information on her . 
 the bathroom inside winkler 's suite should have been just fine . 
 she was an industrial spy , i learned , and was thinking about how far over my head all that was . 
 her real name was merlia tomkins . 
 yeah . 
 merlia . 
 mer-lee-uh . 
 go figure . 
 winkler had seats on the first row , of course , so close to the team we could reach out and tap them on the shoulder if we wanted . 
 just before the game started , winkler 's face and mine were splashed across the screen at the top of the arena for the entire nation to see . 
 lovely . 
 just f ** king lovely . 
 if ed and serge had any idea what i looked like now and just happened to be watching , well , espn was about to get me killed . 
 plus , i was hungry , my stomach clenching in near-pain . 
 there 'd been no time to feed before we left for the game and i desperately needed my blood fix . 
 no way could i ever be vegetarian ; i was hooked on a protein diet now . 
 excusing myself at the beginning of the second quarter , i rose from my seat , telling winkler that i had to visit the ladies ' room . 
 that was the first time i drank from a woman . 
 the guys might have welcomed me in the men 's room , but it would have been much more noticeable . 
 if i 'd been giving the males orgasms , the girls got them too , i learned . 
 my blood donor was plump and pretty , dressed in a white and blue mavs jersey with dirk nowitzki 's name spelled across the back . 
 she 'd stepped inside the handicapped stall -lrb- more room , you know -rrb- . 
 i moved so fast nobody could see me and got her as she was sitting down . 
 i had to cover her mouth ; she wanted to moan with her orgasm . 
 i licked her neck afterward-i 'd noticed the punctures healed up almost instantly when i did that . 
 my donor blinked and nodded when i whispered the instructions to forget about me . 
 i stepped out the door first , washed my hands and returned to my seat beside winkler . 
 `` you 're going to be on national television , '' winkler observed and leaned over to kiss me . 
 our faces were spread across the giant screen at the top of the arena during a lull in the game . 
 the cameras were searching for couples to kiss while the lenses were trained on them . 
 forced to smile afterward , winkler went one better and rubbed my nose with his . 
 the crowd loved it . 
 i was scared witless . 
 `` i ca n't say i 'm all that pleased about it , '' i grumbled in winkler 's ear . 
 he laughed . 
 the mavericks played golden state that night and trampled all over them . 
 davis and i had to fend a few people off winkler as we made our way to the car after the game , but the drive home was uneventful . 
 chapter 4 `` so , this is the young man ? '' 
 gavin paced the length of the teen 's small bedroom . 
 the boy was sitting at his computer , swallowing with difficulty as the tall , wide-shouldered man examined him and growled . 
 `` yes . '' 
 harry might have been sweating , just as the boy was , if he 'd been able . 
 the council had sent an assassin . 
 harry expected an enforcer to come after he 'd contacted them , sending the female 's purse and personal effects to london along with the message . 
 schooling his face , harry turned his attention to the business at hand . 
 `` what did she look like ? 
 this vampire you claim you saw , '' gavin growled . 
 `` uh , really pretty , '' the boy shuddered . 
 compulsion had been placed by harry , which forced the young man to answer every question gavin asked . 
 `` describe her ! '' 
 `` i can show you . 
 i saw her at a basketball game and got the image off the internet . 
 she uh , was with some famous guy , '' the boy quavered . 
 `` show me . 
 immediately . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 harry had to back up so the boy could get to his keyboard . 
 the teen pulled up the image quickly . 
 `` i was about to put this on myspace , '' he said , `` so everybody could see what she looks like . '' 
 `` get a copy of this , '' gavin ordered . 
 harry took a flash drive from the kid to download the images . 
 `` see , that 's her , right there , '' the boy pointed out the strawberry blonde sitting next to the tall , dark haired man on his computer screen . 
 `` who is she sitting with ? '' 
 harry breathed , crouching next to the boy to get a better look . 
 `` william winkler , '' gavin growled . 
 `` the one who 's putting the recognition software together that 's supposed to catch criminals ninety-eight percent of the time ? 
 the software that 's supposed to be ten times better than anything else on the market ? 
 that william winkler ? '' 
 harry 's voice almost shook as he stared up at gavin . 
 the vampire community lived in fear of that software . 
 if anyone started hunting them , it could be used effectively to track them down . 
 `` that would be the one , '' gavin agreed . 
 `` this is becoming more complicated by the minute . '' 
 harry pulled the flash drive out of the boy 's computer . 
 `` now , young man , you are going to remove those images from your computer and you are going to put up messages that you did n't see anything and that you lied , do you hear me ? '' 
 harry ordered . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` good . 
 we 'll wait while you do it . '' 
 the boy had everything done roughly half an hour later . 
 `` now , you will forget you ever saw us , wo n't you ? '' 
 gavin placed compulsion this time . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the boy 's eyes went blank . 
 gavin and harry walked out of the teen 's bedroom , breezing past parents who wished mr. smith and mr. jones goodbye . 
 the two vampires climbed into the rental gavin had gotten at the airport to drive away . 
 `` i have the name and phone number of his dealer , '' harry held up a slip of paper . 
 `` good . 
 let 's take care of that next , '' gavin said . 
 they met the dealer in the parking lot of a nearby bar . 
 it only took a bit of compulsion to get the man inside the rental with the two vampires . 
 `` you 're the one who was bitten by the female vampire ? '' 
 gavin demanded . 
 `` did she bite me ? 
 i thought she kissed me . 
 man , that was the best sex i ever had with my clothes on . '' 
 gavin expected the man to smell of stale sweat and marijuana . 
 surprisingly , his scent was fresh , smelling of body wash and freshly laundered clothing instead . 
 harry snickered a little at the dealer 's comment but cut it off at gavin 's frown . 
 `` you will no longer remember the incident and you will not recall meeting us . 
 get in your car and go home . '' 
 gavin was finished with this one . 
 they watched as the dealer drove out of the parking lot . 
 harry sighed . 
 `` she really has n't done that much damage , if you think about it , '' he said . 
 `` i mean , that had to be her first time and the compulsion was n't strong enough to take completely . 
 apparently she 's gotten better at it . '' 
 `` those fools botched this , '' gavin growled . 
 `` and now i 've been sent to terminate her . 
 if they 'd shown even the slightest bit of responsibility , '' gavin did n't finish . 
 `` at least we know where she is , '' harry sighed again . 
 `` she was lovely , was n't she ? '' 
 gavin did n't reply . 
 he could n't consider any target lovely . 
 he had to kill them . 
 gavin left harry at his home in moore before driving to the airport . 
 the council 's private jet was there , waiting for him to check on the prisoners before they left for london . 
 `` russell , stephan , '' gavin nodded at both enforcers . 
 edward and sergio were chained with silver and titanium while the enforcers prepared to load them onto the jet . 
 `` too bad we were n't allowed to kill you ; i think i might have taken pleasure in doing you both , '' gavin showed his fangs to the captives . 
 `` but wlodek wants to question you instead . 
 perhaps i 'll be back before he passes sentence . '' 
 edward desmarais hissed at gavin . 
 grinning , stephan cuffed edward for his impudence , his white teeth a contrast to flawless black skin . 
 russell , slightly taller than gavin but not as wide across the shoulders , snickered , slapping stephan on the back . 
 the hard blow failed to shift stephan 's solidly muscled frame . 
 `` there 's more where that came from , so you 'd better behave yourself , '' russell informed the prisoners . 
 `` i do n't believe you wish to tangle with either stephan or russell , '' gavin warned edward , who 'd been knocked off balance by stephan 's blow . 
 `` why are n't you returning now ? '' 
 sergio had the temerity to ask . 
 `` because i have to stay and clear away your little f ** k-up , '' gavin growled . 
 `` if you 'd had the balls to take responsibility , this might be turning out a bit differently . 
 as it is , she 's not going to live over it . 
 doubtless , that was your plan all along but i find it dishonorable and unjustified . 
 you took someone who was n't a viable candidate according to the laws , and a female in addition to that . 
 if she 'd not accepted the turning , you 'd be just as guilty of murder and potential exposure of the race as any of the rogues we kill . 
 and then you allowed her out on her own . 
 every sire is obligated to watch over his turns . 
 you left her locked in a cellar while you amused yourselves . 
 which one of you turned her , anyway ? '' 
 `` he did , '' they each pointed at the other . 
 `` it matters not to me at this point , '' gavin growled . 
 `` wlodek will be asking and there 's no way you can deny his compulsion . 
 i warn you to be honest so your death might be swift . 
 he can draw it out , you know . '' 
 sergio shrank back at gavin 's words . 
 gavin knew then who 'd done the actual turning . 
 edward and sergio were loaded into the plane and extra chains were placed on both , holding them to special seats inside the jet . 
 prisoners were always transported in this manner . 
 `` good luck with that filth , '' gavin told russell , chief of enforcers for the vampire council . 
 russell nodded , flashing a grin at gavin and waving as he leapt up the steps . 
 the door closed shortly afterward and the plane rolled out toward the runway . 
 gavin heaved a sigh and walked toward his rental . 
 the skirvin hotel in downtown oklahoma city was his destination , where he planned to spend the night . 
 the cellar where the female had been kept was his chosen objective after checking into the hotel . 
 gavin wanted to visit it one last time before flying to dallas the following evening . 
 * * * gavin sniffed his way through the cellar . 
 it held a musty odor , overlaid with that of sergio , edward and harry , even . 
 there was a lighter scent , too , that belonged to the female . 
 it was a more exotic spice than that of the males . 
 vampires always knew one another by scent . 
 humans sensed it too , at some level . 
 it was designed to attract them to vampires so they might feed . 
 a female vampire 's scent was an aphrodisiac to some males of the species . 
 gavin had been close to ilaisaane and susila many times-they were both female council members and he 'd not felt as much pull from either of them as this slight scent from the cellar . 
 he reminded himself to be careful ; she was a kill and he was going to get this over with quickly . 
 back inside his hotel room , gavin downloaded the information from the flash drive he 'd gotten from the teen into his laptop , sending that plus the other information to wlodek 's personal computer . 
 feeling restless afterward , gavin walked the streets and wandered the canal that wound its way through bricktown . 
 two women offered themselves to him as he walked through the nearly deserted sidewalks . 
 gavin growled at both of them . 
 one of the women called him an unkind name as he left her behind . 
 she was of no consequence ; tonight he had other things on his mind . 
 gavin 's cell was ringing the moment he stepped out of the shower the following evening . 
 recognizing the number immediately , he tapped the button to answer . 
 `` yes , honored one ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` gavin , i appreciate the information you sent , '' wlodek said . 
 `` we have a new strategy , now . '' 
 `` honored one ? '' 
 `` oh , i still expect you to eliminate the girl , but there are other things to accomplish first . '' 
 there was almost a smile in wlodek 's words and the head of the vampire council did n't smile often . 
 `` we learned through channels that she 's working for william winkler as a bodyguard . 
 i want you to get as close to winkler as you can . 
 use her , if necessary . 
 become a bodyguard for him yourself ; that might work best . 
 we need to know how well his software is going to work , gavin . 
 if it is as good as the rumors make it out to be , you understand how it might impact our race . 
 i expect you to use discretion if it performs as promised . 
 it must not be allowed onto the market . '' 
 gavin stood rooted to the bathroom floor . 
 this was bigger than he ever imagined it might be . 
 yes , he understood completely how this might affect his race . 
 the council , the enforcers and the assassins all worked diligently to keep the vampire race hidden . 
 this could well be the assignment of his lifetime . 
 `` of course i understand , honored one , '' gavin found his voice . 
 `` good . 
 keep me apprised as often as possible , '' wlodek instructed . 
 `` through my personal e-mail account . '' 
 `` of course , honored one . '' 
 wlodek terminated the call . 
 gavin shut down his phone a little slower , finished toweling himself off and dressed . 
 * * * the safe house gavin had been assigned in dallas was already stocked with blood in both the refrigerator and the freezer . 
 the ground level of the home was for appearances only ; the portion of the home gavin would use was the basement , closed off from the rest with a very thick door . 
 the basement ceiling was reinforced with steel and concrete with the door leading into it controlled by a security-alarmed keypad . 
 he 'd gotten the combination from charles , wlodek 's personal assistant . 
 a local mall or discount store was gavin 's next objective ; he 'd brought mostly suits and slacks with him . 
 as a night guard , he needed jeans and casual clothing to wear . 
 he would certainly have to play the part and modify his speech and accent if he were to present himself to winkler as an addition to his stable of bodyguards . 
 charles had also given him a phone number and the information that an ad had been placed in the local newspaper for additional bodyguards for the security magnate . 
 charles thought gavin was there to keep an eye on william winkler-he still had no idea that the female vampire was being tracked as well . 
 * * * `` yeah , we 're looking for two more . 
 can you come in for an interview tomorrow ? '' 
 `` tomorrow evening , '' gavin informed the voice over the phone . 
 `` fine . 
 be here at eight . '' 
 the address was given and gavin committed it to memory ; he never wrote anything down . 
 gavin then turned to washing his new jeans . 
 he hated the stiffness of the new fabric and the jeans that were n't stiff when you bought them looked as if they belonged in the rubbish bin . 
 * * * `` lissa , we 've got a couple of interviews tonight so you 'll be walking the perimeter alone until that 's all taken care of , '' davis informed me . 
 `` that 's all right , '' i grinned at him . 
 i was getting comfortable quickly , and that probably was n't a wise thing to do . 
 i 'm sure the vampire manual , if there were such a thing , would say to trust nobody and always be on your guard . 
 more than likely , it would also say not to take jobs with humans because we were vulnerable in the daytime , but then nobody had been there to hand out a copy of the thing to start with or give me any helpful advice . 
 `` and if these two get hired ? '' 
 i asked davis . 
 `` we 'll be working eight hour shifts instead of twelve and we might even get a day off , now and then . '' 
 davis grinned back at me . 
 `` cool , '' i said . 
 `` do you intend to interview these two like you did me ? '' 
 `` yes , and i hope i can walk tomorrow , '' davis laughed . 
 `` come on , you could walk after i dumped you in the driveway . '' 
 `` true , but my shoulder would n't work for days . '' 
 `` poor thing , '' i said . 
 `` do n't give me false sympathy . '' 
 he took off toward the house . 
 turning away , i went to walk the perimeter . 
 * * * `` we have a bank of electronic surveillance monitors , '' winkler ushered gavin through the room where monitors lined the walls . 
 `` if the fence or the gate is compromised , they 're programmed to automatically sound the alarm . 
 the outside guards patrol the perimeter as well in case the system fails for any reason . 
 this property backs up to two others and they often throw parties . 
 i do n't want the neighbors fried , shot or otherwise becoming dead if they decide to climb over the back fence as a drunken prank . '' 
 winkler smiled at gavin who did n't smile in return ; he merely nodded his understanding . 
 `` since you only work nights , '' winkler went on , `` i 'm going to pair you with lissa . 
 you 'll be relieved in the mornings by phil and glen . 
 davis , along with james , the other new hire , will be doing the swing . 
 i 'm working on bringing in some staff that normally work for a bank downtown , just to patrol one day a week . 
 this will give the regular guards a day of free time now and then . 
 there has n't been much of that , lately . '' 
 `` will it be a regular day off or will it be staggered ? '' 
 gavin asked . 
 `` staggered , no sense in letting the enemy know which day the normal staff will be off , now is there ? '' 
 winkler was grinning again . 
 `` you 'll be informed when your day off comes up . '' 
 `` very well , '' gavin nodded . 
 `` i 'll let davis introduce you to lissa and you can take the second bedroom in lissa 's top floor guesthouse . 
 mind you , i expect you to behave yourself . 
 lissa is a lady and a very good bodyguard . 
 step out of line with her and you 'll be out of a job . '' 
 gavin nodded again while winkler poked his head out the door and yelled for davis . 
 * * * `` he 'll be taking the second bedroom in your guesthouse , '' davis informed me later . 
 i did my best not to stutter as i told him that would be fine . 
 it would n't be fine . 
 i slept all day . 
 what if the new guy came into my bedroom when i did n't answer to a knock or something ? 
 he 'd probably think i was dead . 
 technically , i suppose i was , but i did n't want to be pronounced by a doctor and wake up in a coffin , or be hauled out in daylight and not wake up at all , i guess . 
 `` here he comes , now , '' davis said . 
 i stared at the man who approached us . 
 he had to be at least six-five and broad across the shoulders with dark hair that curled just a little , along with handsome features and a shuttered look on his face . 
 the other thing i noticed as he drew near , and it almost knocked me to my knees , was the smell . 
 no , he did n't smell bad . 
 he smelled good . 
 really good . 
 and it was n't from soap or aftershave , either . 
 if he had any on , i could n't detect it . 
 it was all him and it was spice and amazement , rolled together . 
 it was a good thing we 'd only pass each other occasionally while patrolling the perimeter . 
 if i had to stay in close proximity to that , i might be persuaded to lick and nibble now and then and that would n't do at all . 
 mentally apologizing to my late husband for entertaining such thoughts , i shook gavin matthews ' hand when he held it out to me . 
 he left after a bit to bring in his clothing and other belongings . 
 gavin 's things were already in the shared bathroom when i got off at six-thirty . 
 he had to be in bed-he was n't anywhere else-so i took a five minute shower -lrb- i can soap and rinse really fast since becoming vampire -rrb- and went to bed myself . 
 davis left a note under the guesthouse door , telling me that gavin and i did n't have to be on duty until nine in the evening . 
 i silently thanked whoever was responsible for that . 
 the days were getting longer and i did n't know what i 'd do when daylight saving time came along and i was still beginning my shift at six-thirty . 
 as it is , i was up by then and had plenty of time to look for my donor outside the walls . 
 i found one easily enough ; there 's a service station and convenience store not far away and restaurants and other businesses past that . 
 sort of a vampire buffet , if you like . 
 after i fed , i went back to the castle of doom -lrb- that 's what davis called it on occasion -rrb- , punching the code on the keypad to let myself back in . 
 gavin did n't say anything to me when i walked inside our shared guesthouse . 
 he was busy watching the local news so i left him to it . 
 if he was going to eat , i did n't want to watch . 
 food was now a forgotten pleasure . 
 i remembered how it tasted and what it was like now . 
 i 'd nibbled , here and there , if somebody offered me something inside the house . 
 it all tasted like dust and i 'd have to throw it up later , otherwise it just sat in what i had left for a stomach until i got rid of it . 
 one more thing for the vampire manual to explain , i 'm sure . 
 `` where do you normally start ? '' 
 gavin asked me later when nine o'clock rolled around . 
 `` at the gate , but davis and i switch it up sometimes and start at the back fence , '' i said . 
 gavin 's scent had permeated the guesthouse ; i 'd noticed that right away after coming back from feeding earlier . 
 hoping i 'd get used to it , i asked him which side he wanted to take . 
 `` i 'll do clockwise , '' he said , taking off in that direction . 
 i just shrugged and took off counter-clockwise . 
 james , the other new guard , came outside for a smoke a couple of times while gavin and i worked . 
 he was bunking with davis , who is a bit of a health nut . 
 i was n't surprised james got sent outside to take care of his habit . 
 * * * gavin silently cursed wlodek , edward , sergio and all eight council members every time he passed lissa on his rounds . 
 lissa 's scent was overpowering and he thought briefly about placing compulsion on winkler to get a different roommate , but discarded that thought immediately . 
 where else was he going to get a housemate that slept the same hours and had the same needs ? 
 not that he intended to give himself away to lissa ; it would make it easier to eliminate her down the road . 
 she had absolutely no idea that he was vampire , like herself . 
 a true sire would have taught her that and many other things necessary for her survival . 
 instead , she was fumbling her way along , blind to all of it . 
 gavin saw her during their brief lunch break , sitting on top of the wall near the front gate with her knees drawn up to her chest , staring out over the street that passed before the manor . 
 he 'd gotten a little background on her from harry and wondered what else he might discover about her . 
 the information could be found easily enough on the computer , he concluded , shrugging away the urge to place compulsion and ask lissa himself . 
 * * * `` kiddies , we 're taking a little trip , '' winkler announced a few days later . 
 `` i 'm sure you 're all tired of walking the grounds here , so we 're going away for a bit . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 davis asked . 
 `` a little north of the border . 
 we 're going to oklahoma city . 
 i have an associate who owns a large house in nichols hills , so i 'm going to borrow it for a bit . 
 ever since i went to the mavericks game , the media has been bombarding me with requests for interviews and such . 
 if i granted the requests , i 'd never get any work done . '' 
 we stood inside winkler 's kitchen , watching him drink a cup of coffee while he talked . 
 `` are you moving your equipment up ? '' 
 phil wanted to know . 
 `` yep . 
 andy and i packed it up this afternoon and you and glen are going to drive it up . 
 tonight . 
 in fact , we 're all going tonight . 
 it 's only a two and a half hour drive . 
 i have vans coming for all of you ; i just need to know who is driving . '' 
 `` you want to drive ? '' 
 gavin turned to me , a slight frown on his face . 
 that frown was nothing compared to the one plastered across my face , most likely . 
 serge and ed might be there , waiting for me . 
 i 'd come to texas in the beginning to get away from them . 
 would i be safer if i stayed at the house in nichols hills all the time ? 
 i had n't seen or heard anything after they 'd shown my face on espn . 
 those two did n't seem to be basketball fans . 
 `` i 'll drive , '' i shrugged , since gavin was waiting for an answer . 
 `` lissa is from the oklahoma city area , she can take point in case you have any questions about the local amenities , '' winkler smiled at me . 
 i bit my lip instead , truly glad that i 'd gone out to feed early . 
 gavin and i loaded up our bags and such ; i was surprised to see he had a small refrigerator in his room , which he also loaded into the van . 
 maybe he kept beer and snacks in it . 
 why would i care ? 
 i drove the entire way , stopping only once so winkler could stretch his legs . 
 `` remind me to get you a real cell phone , '' he told me . 
 mine had run out of pre-paid minutes when he 'd called to tell us to pull over . 
 `` whatever you say , boss , '' i said . 
 he might be saved the trouble and expense if ed and serge found me . 
 gavin was quiet most of the trip , asking only a few questions once we drove past norman on i-35 . 
 `` norman 's a college town , '' i said . 
 `` university of oklahoma . 
 i have a master 's degree from there , '' i added , realizing immediately that i should have kept my mouth shut . 
 i no longer looked old enough to have a master 's degree . 
 `` which area of study ? '' 
 he asked , ignoring my discomfort . 
 `` fine arts , '' i said . 
 yeah . 
 a fine arts degree . 
 pretty worthless , actually . 
 i 'd worked as a clerk for a judge , holding an mfa . 
 well , it was better than retail management . 
 that 's what i started out in and the benefits had certainly been better . 
 gavin did n't comment on that . 
 `` so , what is there to do in oklahoma city ? '' 
 he asked instead . 
 `` they have an nba team now , if you like basketball . 
 a minor league baseball team which should start playing soon , minor league hockey , lots of fast food restaurants , plenty of sleazy bars and a couple of good bookstores and museums . 
 the museum downtown has a great chihuly exhibit and i went to see the roman exhibit they had not long ago ; it was definitely worth going to see . 
 there is also a symphony and live stage performances . 
 and if you 're ambitious , you could always go to tulsa . 
 the philbrook museum is there . 
 if you 're into gambling , there are several indian casinos scattered around , some of them pretty nice , actually . '' 
 i realized i was babbling a bit while gavin remained silent , digesting the information i 'd given . 
 `` we only get one day off per week and wo n't know when that is until it is upon us . 
 not enough time to make many plans , '' gavin almost smiled . 
 almost . 
 i had n't seen the man smile once since i 'd met him . 
 `` i intend to go to the bookstore when i get a little time , '' i said . 
 `` i have n't gotten anything good to read in weeks . '' 
 `` what do you read ? '' 
 he asked . 
 gavin 's beautiful , deep brown eyes showed the first signs of interest since i 'd met him . 
 `` all sorts of things . 
 politics , history , humor , fiction , mystery , science fiction , even a little religion and new age from time to time . '' 
 i also intended to visit don 's grave but i was n't about to divulge that information . 
 i might have to be careful , too . 
 ed and serge could have it staked out , no pun intended , which gave me a new set of worries . 
 what about crosses , stakes , holy water and churches ? 
 damn . 
 where was that f ** king manual ? 
 the only two vampires i 'd recognize for sure were the ones i was doing my best to stay away from . 
 maybe there were others out there , but would they help me if i found out whom they were , or had serge and ed ruined everything for me ? 
 i had no way of knowing . 
 gavin turned away , lost in his thoughts just as i was . 
 i followed the van in front of me as we caravanned to nichols hills , pulling through yet another gated wall and parking near an enormous house . 
 many were the times i 'd driven through nichols hills , just to look at the grand mansions lining the streets . 
 the grounds around this one were n't as expansive as the house in denton , so i 'd have a shorter walk every night . 
 gavin and i were given the two-bed apartment over the four-car garage and moved our things in . 
 once upon a time , i 'd have huffed and puffed , lugging my belongings up those stairs . 
 now i could run up them carrying a mini cooper if i wanted . 
 not that it would fit through the door or anything . 
 `` which bedroom do you want ? '' 
 gavin asked , dumping his luggage in the entryway . 
 `` i do n't care , '' i said , and i did n't . 
 it was n't like i 'd spend much time awake in it anyway . 
 `` they both have a bath and are nearly the same size , so i 'll take the one closest to the door , '' gavin decided for both of us . 
 `` good enough , '' i made an expansive gesture with my arms and then added , `` while i realize that many women might have a tape measure out , calculating the square footage of both just to make sure they got the better deal , well , i truly do not care . '' 
 i picked up my bags and carried them into the second bedroom down the hall . 
 gavin 's laugh followed me the entire way . 
 after hanging my small wardrobe inside the walk-in closet and setting out my three pairs of shoes , i sighed and decided i really needed to go shoe shopping . 
 the one pair of dress shoes that davis had bought for me was fine , but i needed other things . 
 the other two pairs were athletic shoes , one pair white , one black , but i was wearing them out quickly , walking all night . 
 i knew where the new balance store was in edmond , not far from the nichols hills mansion . 
 maybe i could borrow a van and drive there . 
 surely , vampires did n't hang around new balance stores . 
 there was also a mall not far away , where other shoes could be purchased . 
 i had two paychecks already that i had n't cashed , so finding a bank with late hours was a necessity . 
 there were at least two branches in town that stayed open until eight , i 'd just have to find the right day to do it . 
 no way was i opening a checking account ; that would surely be a catastrophe of epic proportions . 
 * * * `` honored one , '' the e-mail read , `` we are now in oklahoma city . 
 secondary has decided to work from here . 
 am keeping primary under observation . 
 primary seems completely ignorant , which is most unfortunate . 
 i can not fault her in her eating habits , however . 
 she is quite careful in that respect . 
 have learned that secondary is nearing 60 % completion . 
 will keep you advised . 
 g. '' wlodek sighed as he read the message . 
 the girl was an unfortunate victim ; he 'd already questioned sergio and edward . 
 he was only waiting until the situation was resolved and she was properly disposed of before he brought the two before the council for final questioning and sentencing . 
 gavin would be present for that and would give his views on the entire affair before final decisions were made . 
 only nyles abernathy , edward 's sire , was still alive . 
 sergio 's had walked into the sun nearly a hundred years before . 
 nyles would be notified at the proper time and edward and sergio 's assets would be liquidated and added to the council 's coffers . 
 that was standard procedure when a vampire was sentenced as a rogue . 
 * * * gavin knew lissa had gone out to feed . 
 he felt a bit of guilt over that ; he had plenty of blood stocked inside his small refrigerator while she was forced to find a donor . 
 gavin used the extra time to do research and the more online reports he read on her disappearance , the greater his rage grew . 
 he should never have allowed edward and sergio to leave intact . 
 he should have killed them where they stood . 
 wlodek must deal with the situation , now . 
 gavin sighed and shut his laptop when he heard lissa 's steps on the stairs . 
 * * * davis asked gavin and me to come into the house once we were on duty . 
 phil and glen were up still , both of them wearing grim expressions . 
 `` winkler is in his bedroom , '' james whispered as we walked inside the large kitchen . 
 `` we received death threats today from an unidentified source , '' glen said right away . 
 `` we came here at the right time ; part of the wall around the house in denton was blasted down and then two letters were delivered , one saying that if winkler completes the software program and offers it for sale , they 'll kill him . '' 
 `` what does the other one say ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the other one says he 's a dead man , '' phil answered my question . 
 `` they 're not waiting . 
 they want him dead now . '' 
 `` crime families or terrorists ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i know , nobody 's told me what it is he 's working on and truthfully i ca n't say i want to know , but even i 've figured out it must be important . 
 and since he 's in the security business , it has to be bad for them , does n't it ? '' 
 `` she 's smarter than she looks , '' phil elbowed glen . 
 `` thanks . 
 do n't think i have n't heard every dumb blonde joke in the book , either , '' i muttered sarcastically . 
 james snorted and i felt like elbowing him . 
 yeah . 
 i got offended every time somebody at the courthouse decided to tell me , yet again , the latest dumb blonde joke . 
 plenty of dumb blondes started out with dark hair and a bottle of peroxide . 
 davis must have noticed my anger and discomfort . 
 `` they were only teasing , lissa . '' 
 `` now might not be a good time for it , '' i grumbled . 
 `` settle down , '' gavin placed a hand on my arm . 
 i caught myself before i hissed at him , jerking my arm out of his grasp instead . 
 phil cleared his throat . 
 `` we have to be proactive about this , '' he said . 
 `` winkler wants to wire the fence with extra monitors and sensors so a crew is coming up from dallas to do that . 
 they 'll be here for three days and additional security is coming up as well . 
 we also asked for a few handpicked guards that will help us out with this . 
 bear in mind if you see , hear or suspect anything or anyone , get on the phone right away . '' 
 he lifted a box from the granite island and tossed it to me . 
 `` winkler said you should start using this immediately . '' 
 the box held a cell phone and a charger . 
 i was n't about to say thanks . 
 i stalked out of the house after the meeting was over , ready to make my rounds . 
 `` you must hold your anger in check , '' gavin came up silently beside me . 
 `` trust me , i am holding my anger in check , '' i snapped . 
 `` i understand what you are going through , '' he added . 
 that brought me to a standstill . 
 i stared at him , dumbfounded . 
 as usual , his face was an expressionless mask . 
 `` buddy , '' i said , poking him in the chest with a finger , `` you have no f ** king idea what i 'm going through . 
 now stay the hell away from me . '' 
 i nearly ran to get away from him . 
 tears are n't easy for a vampire . 
 they are hard for our bodies to make , i suppose , since we do n't take in water or anything . 
 at least they were mostly clear and not blood . 
 it was something i learned that night . 
 i wiped them away angrily when gavin was on the other side of the house and pretended nothing was wrong when i passed him on patrol . 
 i was sensitive to every rustle , every sound and every little breeze on that february evening in oklahoma . 
 perhaps it would have been therapeutic to take out my frustrations on a nameless , faceless enemy , but now , in addition to keeping my eyes and ears open for an attack from serge and ed , terrorists or organized crime wanted to come calling . 
 i had to be ready for that . 
 winkler had hired me almost sight unseen that very first night and i owed him . 
 the other person i felt i owed , however , was me . 
 i do n't know why phil 's little dig upset me so much , but it did . 
 now i had to find a way to get past that . 
 had to . 
 phil and glen took over at five so i went to my bedroom and shut the door-i was n't in the mood to talk to anyone . 
 therefore , it was poetic justice when gavin came knocking . 
 sunrise would n't come for another hour and thirty-five minutes , so what the hell . 
 why not entertain company ? 
 `` go away , '' i yelled . 
 he opened the door anyway . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 my voice was surly . 
 a month ago , i would n't have treated my worst enemy that way . 
 `` i thought you might want to talk . '' 
 his face remained shuttered as it usually did , his dark eyes raking my face . 
 `` about what ? 
 and since when do you talk ? 
 your stimulating conversation is only outstripped by your sparkling wit , '' i muttered , refusing to take the bait . 
 gavin turned his head and it took me a few minutes to realize he was chuckling . 
 at least the mask had cracked a little . 
 i threw a pillow at his head , which he ducked easily . 
 `` go away , '' i snapped . 
 `` is that the worst you 're going to do ? '' 
 he lifted his gaze to me after he ducked the pillow and his dark brown eyes were still laughing even if his mouth was n't . 
 `` hmmph , '' i said . 
 `` what did you do to deserve worse ? 
 there might be a couple of people i 'd like to beat into the ground , but i have no idea where they are and they 'd probably get me first , '' i said . 
 `` that might not be a bad thing . 
 they could finish what they started . 
 you know , '' i pointed my second pillow at him , `` it 's not dying that worries me . 
 it 's the pain beforehand . 
 now go away . 
 i want to wallow in misery for a while . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 he backed out of my doorway and closed the door . 
 * * * `` honored one , i saw her control her temper last evening . 
 i was worried that she was about to attack one of the others , but a brief bout of anger was all she displayed and then calmed herself . 
 it was quite interesting to watch , truly . 
 g. '' gavin shut his laptop . 
 he had no doubt that the two lissa had referred to were sergio and edward . 
 it was a shame he could n't tell her that they 'd been shipped off to london and locked away until the council could deal with them . 
 unfortunately , the council would n't deal with them until after lissa herself had been eliminated and gavin had returned to report to the council . 
 she 'd given him important information , however . 
 he would make her death as swift and painless as he could . 
 chapter 5 vampires do n't dream . 
 at least i did n't , and i liked dreams , most of the time . 
 and how old did vampires get ? 
 were they immortal like all the books and movies said or did they die after a while , getting all shriveled and wrinkly until one day , poof ? 
 no more vampire ? 
 i was beginning to think of the missing manual as the fvm-fucking vampire manual . 
 lists of thoughts and questions felt like a good idea at times . 
 at other times , it seemed like the worst possible thing i could do . 
 what if somebody went through my belongings ? 
 would they find my lists and break out the stakes to stab into my chest or the long , sharp swords to behead me ? 
 maybe my first trip out should consist of a visit to a church , just to see if i could walk into the thing . 
 `` day off tomorrow , '' davis informed us as we showed up for our shift . 
 gavin was back to his usual , silent self , i noticed . 
 i did n't speak to him , either . 
 `` winkler says you can borrow a van or a car if you want to go out , '' davis went on . 
 `` the new security guards will be working in your place and the electronics crew will be working round the clock ; they 're bringing enough people for two full shifts . '' 
 a day off . 
 i was heading to the bookstore , first thing . 
 there was a barnes and noble nearby ; i 'd hit that first . 
 and then maybe the church . 
 or i 'd try going to don 's grave . 
 i wondered if i could get flowers somewhere . 
 i did n't want any of those plastic things and the silk ones usually got stolen or trashed later . 
 the real thing was temporary , just like most people 's lives . 
 and they generally smelled better . 
 some of the grocery stores carried flowers , i knew . 
 i 'd check into that . 
 it was while i was making my rounds a while later that i heard rustling outside the fence . 
 stopping on a dime , i went completely still to listen . 
 more rustling came , and what sounded like footsteps . 
 i pulled out my cell , sending a prearranged text to gavin-help . 
 he was there in seconds , coming right to me as if he knew , somehow , where i would be . 
 i smelled him before he arrived ; that wonderful scent had n't left him and had n't dulled with time , either . 
 i 'd finally put it out of my mind-it was a mystery i probably was n't destined to solve . 
 gavin heard the shuffling the minute he arrived . 
 putting a finger to his lips to keep me silent , he ran noiselessly down the wall for around thirty feet before jumping up , lightly catching the edge of the wall and lifting himself to the top . 
 he crouched there once he was up , watching . 
 we heard giggling then , and a lighter clicking . 
 now i knew what was happening ; the unmistakable smell of pot wafted over the wall . 
 what is it with people and their wacky weed ? 
 maybe i was a prude , but i 'd never tried it . 
 honest . 
 and now they were causing me to jump at shadows . 
 too bad i 'd already fed , but then i recalled the drunk at the bar and thought better of that idea . 
 `` just keep an ear out , '' gavin was back at my side , speaking softly . 
 when had he jumped down ? 
 i had n't seen or heard it . 
 i 'd have to do better than that . 
 nodding to him , i went on my way . 
 the smokers were gone when i next passed that spot . 
 the electronics crew arrived right at five that morning and gavin and i checked their ids when they drove in . 
 we also went through their trucks with a fine toothed comb , making sure there were n't any weapons . 
 phil and glen were out in the yard helping us before it was all over , checking over the luggage and equipment now scattered across the circular drive . 
 everybody seemed to be who they said they were , so gavin and i went to find our beds . 
 fleetingly , i wondered if he went back to the kitchen to eat or if he had something in the fridge or the pantry . 
 i seldom got into either to check . 
 i did drink hot tea now and then , just to appear normal at meetings held in the kitchen . 
 it felt almost normal , too . 
 of course , i 'd excuse myself and go to the bathroom to get rid of it later . 
 the van felt big and bulky to me as i drove it toward barnes and noble , out by quail springs mall . 
 first , i planned to check out all the new releases . 
 it had been months since i 'd stepped inside a bookstore just to browse . 
 someone tried to strike up a conversation with me from the moment i walked inside the store , so i attempted to ignore the man while i made my way through the new paperback racks . 
 he was n't giving up that easily . 
 `` she 's book shopping , not date shopping , '' gavin dropped a hand on the man 's shoulder , forcing the man to back away quickly . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked , reading the back flap of a mystery and deliberately refusing to look at him . 
 `` i enjoy reading too , when i have time , '' he said . 
 `` i 've read that one already , '' he tapped the book i was holding . 
 `` not as good as some of the author 's others , but still a good read . '' 
 `` ah , '' i said . 
 `` so , what would you recommend ? '' 
 i looked up at him now , i could n't help it . 
 `` so i wo n't waste my money . '' 
 i watched his face ; he so seldom had any sort of expression on it . 
 that did n't keep me from thinking about how nice he looked or anything . 
 `` this one , '' he lifted another mystery by a not so well known author . 
 `` the story is more original than the other . '' 
 `` all right , but if i do n't like it , i 'm holding you responsible , '' i said . 
 `` feel free . 
 if you can make me feel guilt , i will be much surprised . '' 
 `` that must be nice , to live in a guilt-free world , '' i observed . 
 `` i said if you can make me feel guilt . 
 i did n't say i did n't feel it . '' 
 `` ooh , excuse me . 
 tarzan not feel guilt jane heaps upon him , '' i said . 
 he turned his head but not before i saw a corner of his mouth quirk a little . 
 i picked up the book he 'd recommended and then went wandering around . 
 gavin went his own way after a bit , which was what i was hoping he 'd do . 
 setting my stack onto the registers about an hour later , i chatted with the cashier while pulling money out of my pocket . 
 i 'd left my purse behind , opting instead for stuffing cash and my fake driver 's license in the pocket of my jeans . 
 the cashier bagged up my books and i went out to the van , dropping the bag onto the passenger seat . 
 my next stop was a grocery store , where i bought a mixed bouquet of flowers before heading out to rose hill cemetery . 
 don and i had purchased two plots five years before . 
 it was likely i 'd never be buried in mine now , if that vampires turn to ash thing were true . 
 the headstone had already been inscribed with don 's information ; i saw it as soon as i climbed out of the van . 
 the gravesite was near the narrow road running through the cemetery , covered still in a pile of raw oklahoma dirt and brittle dead flowers . 
 i hugged myself , realizing just how short a time had passed since don 's death . 
 spring was still teasing and barely making an appearance . 
 there were tight buds on nearby trees and just the hint of green on the ground surrounding the grave , but most of it was still brown grass . 
 tears fell as i cleaned away old flowers and debris . 
 `` here you go , honey , '' i laid the fresh flowers on don 's grave and sat down beside it . 
 even though it was quite dark with no moon , i could see perfectly well and could n't help staring at my name , inscribed on the other side of the double headstone . 
 only my date of death was missing . 
 i wondered if eventually they 'd put the same date of death on my side that don 's carried-january fourth . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't make it to the funeral , '' i said . 
 `` but then you probably know why . 
 i sure hope your brother honored your wishes . 
 and i 'm sorry i did n't realize you 'd already left me that day . 
 sorry that the doctor had to tell me instead of my knowing it , like i should have . '' 
 i wiped my cheeks . 
 `` i have n't mourned you properly , either . '' 
 a sob accompanied those words . 
 `` honey , i 'm in such a terrible place now and i do n't know what the hell i 'm doing , '' i said when i could speak coherently again . 
 `` it 's like one of those awful dreams , when you find out there 's a test in class that you did n't study for and you do n't know any of the answers . '' 
 i sniffled for a little while longer . 
 `` anyway , i wanted to come by and say hello , '' i went on after a bit . 
 `` i hope you 're somewhere listening . 
 i do n't know when or if i 'll make it back . '' 
 i was wiping my cheeks on a sleeve as i made my way to the van , wishing i 'd bought some tissues . 
 i needed them now . 
 * * * gavin wished he had n't followed her . 
 he heard every private word she uttered , and it was sad . 
 horribly sad . 
 he waited for half an hour after she 'd gone to climb into winkler 's jaguar ; winkler had asked for it to be brought up with the security team . 
 davis had lent him the keys after gavin said he needed something smaller than one of the vans . 
 lissa would have noticed one of the vans more easily than the low to the ground jaguar . 
 cursing softly , gavin put the car in gear and drove toward nichols hills . 
 `` honored one , our secondary is being threatened by other factions and security is tight and quite heavy , now . 
 additional forces have arrived and our primary is hemmed in . 
 she has developed new skills in slipping away for her meals . 
 even i am failing to detect her at times and am at a loss to explain this . 
 i will keep you informed to the best of my ability . 
 g. '' she was a ghost . 
 she barely spoke to anyone now , gavin noted as he watched her slip inside her bedroom after they 'd finished their shift . 
 it was a sunday morning , early , around five-thirty or so . 
 he heard the shower running and knew she was cleaning up . 
 winkler was also wandering the house like a specter when he was n't working-davis informed gavin that winkler was working well into the night most of the time . 
 gavin had no idea if that meant the software was coming along or if problems had developed . 
 * * * `` i want to go out to eat . '' 
 i had n't seen winkler in days , yet he now stood before me , declaring that he was starving and wanting to go out for a meal . 
 `` where do you want to go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 winkler was dressed in a white , long-sleeved shirt with the cuffs folded back a time or two , black jeans and black cowboy boots with silver tips . 
 well , were n't we western tonight ? 
 `` where can i get a chicken fried steak ? '' 
 he answered my question with one of his own while grinning a little , his nearly black eyes twinkling mischievously . 
 `` several places , but there 's at least one that serves up a pretty good chicken fry and it 's a little off the beaten path , '' i said , appreciating the boyish grin on his face . 
 days had passed since i 'd felt like smiling , but i was foolishly beaming back at winkler now . 
 `` good , we 'll go there , '' he said . 
 gavin appeared beside us , offering to drive . 
 `` i know where we 're going , '' i said , snatching the keys to the jaguar away from him . 
 he just shrugged and let me have my way . 
 those words were probably the most i 'd spoken to anybody for days . 
 can vampires get depressed ? 
 i sure felt depressed . 
 i 'd wondered several times over the past week whether the walking into the sun thing was true and how painful it would be if i did it . 
 yeah , i was back to the pain thing again . 
 we all climbed into the jaguar . 
 winkler rode shotgun so gavin was forced into the back seat and it irked him , i could tell . 
 well , he could drive on the way back . 
 we made our way to i-240 and swung around until we got to the del city exit , ending up at don 's alley restaurant . 
 i know . 
 i used to tease don all the time about it because we liked to eat there . 
 unfortunately , it was named after a different don . 
 `` you can get your chicken fry here , '' i said , pocketing the keys instead of handing them to gavin , who lifted an eyebrow a little but did n't say anything . 
 i hate giving people directions while they 're driving . 
 i 'd rather get myself there if i know where i 'm going and the driver does n't . 
 `` do n't you want something to eat ? '' 
 winkler grinned at me over his menu . 
 `` no , i ate already and i 'm not really hungry . 
 i 'll just take a glass of tea , '' i said . 
 gavin got black coffee ; he said he 'd eaten already , too . 
 winkler ordered the chicken-fried steak , along with mashed potatoes and gravy , green beans and ranch on his salad . 
 a big dinner roll came with all that and winkler stared at the enormous pile of food when it came . 
 `` this is enough to feed three ordinary people , '' he sighed happily , cutting into his steak . 
 `` it 's really good , '' he mumbled around his second mouthful . 
 `` i knew you 'd like it , '' i said . 
 i almost added that it had been my husband 's favorite but caught myself in time . 
 winkler had eyed the pie display on the way in and saved room for a generous wedge of coconut cream . 
 `` man , it was worth coming here just for this , '' he said . 
 the whole piece was reduced to a few crumbs and the edge of the crust when he declared himself too full to move . 
 `` you want i should carry you ? '' 
 i teased him a little when he lightly rubbed his flat stomach . 
 maybe all that typing or programming that he did kept him in shape . 
 `` no , but i do feel like working some of this off . 
 is there a bar around here ? '' 
 winkler was grinning hugely now . 
 the closest bar that i felt he 'd be comfortable in and would n't need a leather jacket and a tattoo to get inside was the one i 'd gone to the day ed and serge had done me in . 
 `` can you follow directions without getting grumpy ? '' 
 i asked gavin , handing the car keys over . 
 he looked as if he might have a stroke if he were n't allowed to sit up front . 
 `` i can follow directions . 
 no guarantee on the grumpy part of it , '' he informed me , snatching the car keys so fast i almost did n't see them leave my hand . 
 the man could crack a joke without even a hint of a smile . 
 i found myself wishing i had control like that . 
 `` i 'll settle for what i can get , '' i said , pointing him toward the southwest part of oklahoma city . 
 `` you can barely see this from the street , '' winkler was looking out the passenger side window as we bounced our way into the parking lot of tipzy 's bar . 
 they definitely needed to resurface . 
 `` it 's not bad inside , '' i said . 
 `` the first time i ever got drunk was inside this bar . '' 
 `` no kidding . 
 when was that ? '' 
 winkler was laughing . 
 `` about a month and a half ago , '' i said . 
 `` and i 've sworn off drinking . 
 to that degree , anyway-ever since . '' 
 gavin turned to watch me when i 'd said that but did n't comment . 
 we walked inside and i saw that warren was still there , tending bar . 
 of course , he would n't recognize me now but he 'd been nice to me when i was probably looking as bad as i 'd ever looked and feeling worse than that , even . 
 he had shoulder-length dark hair , nice green eyes and a beautiful smile , even if it was overshadowed by a larger than necessary nose . 
 it really did n't detract from his looks at all . 
 the first time i 'd seen him his hair was pulled back in a ponytail . 
 he wore it loose now and a couple of women at the bar were batting their eyelashes at him . 
 winkler picked a table in a corner and we sat down . 
 a waitress was on duty and she walked over to take our order . 
 i asked for club soda with lime , gavin ordered a bloody mary and winkler wanted scotch and soda . 
 winkler walked over to the bar after a bit and struck up a conversation with the two women , who were laughing and talking with him and warren in no time . 
 gavin and i were busy watching him , making sure he stayed out of trouble when the door opened and someone else stepped in . 
 i scented him the moment he walked inside . 
 his smell was similar but not quite as exotic as gavin 's . 
 he zoned in on us right away , walking right over to our table . 
 unsure of what he wanted , i just stared up at him . 
 he was handsome , though gavin was more so , and he did n't have an edge about him like gavin did . 
 gavin felt dangerous-fairly vibrated with it , in my opinion . 
 if such a thing were possible , that is . 
 `` little queen , may i buy you a drink ? '' 
 the man was speaking to me but i had no idea what he meant . 
 i must have frowned up at him , uncertain how to respond when gavin said a word , and if that word was n't wrapped in power then i was dreaming . 
 and like i said before , vampires do n't dream . 
 `` leave , '' gavin commanded , forcing the man to turn as quickly as he could and walk right out of the bar . 
 `` gavin , you scared the bejeezus out of him , '' i admonished as i watched the door slam shut . 
 gavin 's eyes , including what should have been white , were quite dark . 
 it must have been a trick of the light because they cleared when he turned to me and blinked . 
 `` he should not be approaching you , '' gavin declared imperiously , sipping his drink . 
 `` i 'm driving home , '' i said , watching him consume the bloody mary in a matter of seconds . 
 `` gavin , lissa , this is jeri , '' winkler brought his date du jour over to the table . 
 they both had fresh drinks in their hands and winkler pulled an extra chair over so jeri could sit with us . 
 i wanted to bang my forehead against the table and wondered if winkler would ever consider trying for a steady girlfriend before deciding it was n't any of my business . 
 or , as don would have said , `` none o ' your bidness . '' 
 i missed him . 
 gavin insisted on driving home after winkler and jeri finished their drinks , and since he 'd only had two drinks , i did n't argue . 
 jeri was duly impressed with the house in nichols hills as we drove through the gate . 
 `` you live here ? '' 
 she whispered to winkler , her eyes wide . 
 `` temporarily . 
 i have a larger home in the dallas area , '' winkler could n't help himself . 
 if it got him a better deal in bed , who was i to argue ? 
 jeri was still sober enough to know what she was doing and i hoped they were both mature enough to use protection . 
 winkler had an arm around jeri as he led her toward the front door , making me wonder who would get the pleasure of taking her home in the morning . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you more yourself , '' gavin came up beside me . 
 `` talking , you mean , '' i said , crossing my arms over my chest and watching winkler grope jeri 's ass as they walked inside the house . 
 `` why do men want sex with women they do n't even know ? '' 
 i searched gavin 's face , watching his jaw work for a few seconds . 
 `` never mind , '' i said . 
 `` forget i asked . '' 
 we returned to our normal job of patrolling the grounds , but we had help now and only took small sections . 
 with my newly acquired senses , i did n't even have to walk anymore if i did n't want to . 
 i could hear everything inside and outside the wall . 
 we had two female security guards who 'd come along with the others and that night i heard one of them having sex with a male guard while both were supposed to be working . 
 i sent a text -lrb- the longest one i 'd ever sent -rrb- , telling gavin what was happening as discreetly as i could . 
 he must have double-checked because ten minutes later davis was in the yard , chewing out both offenders before firing them . 
 another guard drove the offenders and their belongings straight back to dallas . 
 i 'd heard what davis was telling the two when he 'd fired them . 
 `` i do n't give a damn what you do when you 're off duty , but when you 're working , you 're protecting a client . 
 this is n't protecting your client ! '' 
 yeah , i got them in trouble . 
 my underlying reason was this : even though winkler was a hooker-licking sleaze at times , i liked him better . 
 `` you did the right thing , '' gavin told me later as i walked into our guesthouse apartment . 
 `` i know , but it still makes me feel like crap . 
 so do n't try to cheer me up , '' i held up a hand to stop him from saying anything else . 
 `` i was n't going to attempt it , '' he said . 
 `` good , because i might have to smack ya . '' 
 `` you have such interesting phrases , '' gavin said . 
 `` smack me ? 
 you wish to smack me ? '' 
 `` keep talking like that and i 'll do it instead of thinking about it , '' i grumbled . 
 `` leave me alone . 
 i have a headache . '' 
 i did n't really ; vampires apparently do n't get headaches . 
 or any other kind of ache , for that matter . 
 not normally , anyway . 
 gavin leapt at the opportunity to refute my statement . 
 `` you do not . 
 take yourself from my sight , '' he made a little shooing motion with his hand . 
 `` now who has the interesting phrases ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you sound like king henry the eighth , sending one of his queens off for beheading . '' 
 `` he only beheaded two of them , you know , '' gavin grinned wickedly . 
 `` and he did n't divorce anybody , those marriages were annulled , '' i said . 
 `` so there . '' 
 i flounced away , wanting a shower before i went to bed . 
 the sun was creeping up on me ; i could feel it already . 
 my next day off came three days later and since i was running out of shampoo , i borrowed one of winkler 's ugly vans and went to target . 
 when davis found out where i was going , he handed off a list of things to pick up for winkler and some of the others . 
 dummy me-i thought the housekeeping staff ran the errands . 
 now , i had a full page of things to buy . 
 i spent more than an hour trying to find the right kind of deodorant or the specified type of disposable razors for phil , glen , davis , winkler and some of the add-on security . 
 davis had given me an envelope full of cash to pay for everything but it was my day off , for cripes sake . 
 he 'd also asked me to make a run by the grocery store , handing me another list of things to get there , most of it snacks and junk food plus soft drinks . 
 the van was nearly full by the time i finished and headed toward the house . 
 an angry anthill best described what i found when i parked in the driveway . 
 phil , glen and davis were just about to tear their hair out , a dozen security guards were on cell phones having a breakdown and gavin was watching everything from the sidelines . 
 he was standing on the wide porch , leaning against the stucco wall of the house with his eyes half-closed and an unreadable expression in his eyes . 
 since nobody seemed to notice that i 'd gotten back , i went about unloading everything into the kitchen , even placing the perishables inside the fridge . 
 finding gavin afterward , -lrb- he had n't moved from his spot on the porch -rrb- i asked him what all the fuss was . 
 `` winkler took off about two hours ago , by himself , '' gavin said . 
 `` nobody can find him now . '' 
 `` what was he driving ? '' 
 i asked , a bit of fear creeping into my voice . 
 `` the jag . 
 we only found out a few minutes ago that he had the tracking system disabled . '' 
 `` did he do it or did somebody else do it ? '' 
 `` that 's a good question , now is n't it ? '' 
 `` your concern is overwhelming , '' i said sarcastically , pacing in front of him . 
 he was still leaning against the wall , not particularly oblivious to the uproar but certainly indifferent to all of it . 
 `` he 's only been gone two hours . 
 even the police wo n't start looking for someone unless they 've been gone for twenty-four . '' 
 `` is that when you plan to look ? '' 
 i stared at him in disbelief . 
 gavin just shrugged . 
 this whole thing worried me . 
 after all , winkler was the man who would n't pick up a hooker or an easy lay in a bar without security . 
 i went to find davis . 
 `` did we get any response from winkler ? '' 
 i asked . 
 davis looked to be on the verge of an aneurysm . 
 `` we tried his main cell first , but got no answer . 
 then we tried the back-up-he carries an extra phone with him , usually tucked into the top of one of his socks if he 's wearing any , and it 's set on vibrate . 
 we got a momentary hit on that , but all we heard was the word con - as near as we can make it out , anyway . '' 
 davis ' hair was wild and he looked to be at his wits ' end . 
 `` con ? 
 that 's it ? '' 
 now i wanted to have an aneurysm . 
 `` and no answer on the second try ? '' 
 `` or the third or the sixty-third . '' 
 davis was truly about to experience some sort of mental event , i could tell . 
 `` davis , you wo n't do him any good if we have to take you to the hospital . 
 calm down , okay ? '' 
 i patted his arm . 
 `` i have to think about this , '' i said , moving away from him . 
 the tension in the house and the yard was so thick it might have taken a machete to cut it , so i went to the guesthouse and sat down on the sofa in the small living room . 
 gavin might not be concerned , but i certainly was . 
 what did i know about winkler that might help ? 
 and what did his cryptic message mean ? 
 gavin walked in about that time . 
 `` did winkler get any calls or messages before he took off ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` davis said he got two , but he did n't think anything about them at the time and winkler was n't upset that he could tell . 
 nothing to make him run out of here like a frightened hare . '' 
 gavin headed toward his bedroom . 
 `` around here we say scared rabbit , '' i said distractedly . 
 `` con . 
 con . 
 con . '' 
 i was beating my forehead with a fist . 
 `` keep that up and you 'll have a nice bruise tomorrow , '' gavin said , turning toward me . 
 `` go f ** k yourself , '' i muttered , but somehow he heard . 
 `` i prefer to perform that act with someone else , '' he retorted , walking into his bedroom and closing the door . 
 `` you would , '' i grumbled , standing up to pace a little . 
 i did have one thing i knew about winkler that none of the others did . 
 i had his scent . 
 i could have picked him out of a crowd anytime . 
 just like i could find davis , or phil , or glen , or gavin . 
 especially gavin . 
 he had a scent that did n't come close to anyone else . 
 the guy in the bar ? 
 that was similar but about a hundred miles behind what gavin had . 
 i put that out of my mind . 
 `` con , '' i said again , out loud . 
 `` con . 
 fuck . '' 
 i paced a little more . 
 it took me ten more minutes , pacing and muttering to myself before something hit me . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 i said one last time and ran out the door . 
 yanking the door to the van open and nearly unhinging it in the process , i pulled the keys from my pocket and started the thing before i was completely in the seat . 
 i was fastening the seatbelt with one hand while steering the van through the gate with the other in seconds . 
 precious time was wasted winding my way out of the nichols hills neighborhood but i finally made it , driving straight toward hefner parkway . 
 that hooked into i-240 and then i-40 ; i was making my way westward as fast as i could , holding my speed back enough so i would n't risk getting stopped by the highway patrol . 
 all i needed now was for somebody to pull me over and then arrest me for carrying a phony driver 's license . 
 yukon , oklahoma , is nearly due west from oklahoma city . 
 i left the interstate and turned north on the exit for garth brooks boulevard . 
 the flaming lips had an alley ; garth brooks had a boulevard . 
 hell , will rogers had an airport and gene autry had an entire town . 
 yukon has a population of around twenty-two thousand and it 's scattered . 
 first , i drove slowly through the town and the nearby neighborhoods with the windows rolled down on the van-looking for the jaguar and sniffing the air as i went . 
 i smelled plenty of people but did n't catch even a whiff of winkler . 
 then i started widening my search , heading east toward oklahoma city . 
 time was ticking for me just as much as i figured it was ticking for winkler , if he was n't dead already . 
 i drove past house after house , yard after yard , before getting into isolated farmhouses surrounded by wheat fields . 
 five o'clock came and went and i was still driving-only i was traveling mostly through wheat fields . 
 i was just about to give up and head toward the house , hoping i had enough time to get there before sunrise when i caught a small glint with my headlights . 
 backing up in the middle of the narrow road between planted fields , i drove forward more slowly this time until i caught the glint again . 
 shoving the van into park , i flung myself out the door to investigate . 
 as bad as my luck had been for the past month , somebody decided to smile on me that night . 
 it was the tail light of the jaguar i 'd seen . 
 the car was buried in a deep ditch filled with brush and saplings , which nearly covered the car completely . 
 only a tiny bit of red plastic had been caught by my headlights . 
 winkler was n't in the car but he 'd been inside it , and there was n't any scent of blood or anything else that might indicate he 'd been killed . 
 i did smell others around the car ; i got a good whiff of them . 
 there was also another scent there and it surprised me a little-mexican food . 
 i followed the scents . 
 they hung in the air as i crossed the road , walking into the wheat field . 
 there was no fence around the field and the spring wheat was about a foot high and green , rustling around me in the early spring breeze . 
 i found the footprints then-i could see them clearly . 
 the ground was wet from rain the day before , the soil sucking at my shoes as i walked through it . 
 when i caught the scent where the footprints ended , i nearly gave up hope right then and there . 
 i smelled death and decay and almost sat down to cry . 
 no time for that . 
 i started digging . 
 something was buried there and i was pretty sure it was winkler . 
 chapter 6 if i remember correctly , it took ten years or more to dig the panama canal in the early 1900 's . 
 had they hired vampires to do the digging , they might have gotten it done in a lot less time and the mosquitoes would n't have been a problem . 
 my nails were blackened with soft , wet earth and the sides of my trench had caved in on me twice but i was moving so fast my hands were blurring before my face . 
 that 's when i heard the noise . 
 i was even more grateful that i heard it before reaching the body lying atop the metal box winkler 's kidnappers had used as a coffin . 
 i recognized the body the minute i jerked it up , my hand twisting the collar of the shirt he wore . 
 the head of the body lolled back as i examined it . 
 it was a male security guard-the one that had been fired after having sex with his female co-worker . 
 he flew out of his makeshift grave so high and so fast it was a good thing he was already dead-the ensuing fall to earth would have killed him anyway . 
 the banging became louder inside the metal box ; somebody was kicking the end , now . 
 there was a heavy steel lid on it , locked with a padlock . 
 i ripped the lock off easily , taking the hasp with it . 
 the hinged lid was up and off next . 
 i found winkler folded up inside the cramped space with duct tape over his mouth and his hands and feet tied with heavy nylon cord . 
 getting him out of that hellhole came first-i pulled the tape off his mouth once i had him upright in the wheat field . 
 cutting through the nylon cords was the next item on the agenda . 
 i was thankful he was only half-conscious when i ripped those ropes apart like they were spider silk . 
 i wanted to weep as i saw the horizon pinken , but winkler was beginning to show signs of lucidity , although he was still wobbling drunkenly . 
 i was forced to hold him upright for a few seconds while i attempted to explain things . 
 `` winkler , i need to find somebody who can take you back to the house , '' i peered into his dark eyes , hoping for swift understanding . 
 desperation almost made me hysterical and it was coming out in my voice . 
 i 'd never had much religion before that morning but i found a little bit of it , somehow , when i saw a farm tractor coming down the road . 
 `` thank god , '' i muttered , hauling winkler toward the middle of the paved , narrow lane . 
 i flagged the farmer down and ordered him , as strongly as i could , to drive the van and take winkler to the address i gave him in oklahoma city . 
 i also commanded him to forget he ever saw me afterward . 
 winkler , still confused , blinked at me as i settled him into the passenger seat of the van before sending the farmer on his way . 
 daylight was just about to hit me so i ran . 
 the light blistered my skin before i ever reached the hole where winkler had been buried . 
 the blisters that were forming on my exposed skin began to blacken as i tossed the dead man inside the hole , and the pain i felt as my skin started melting is indescribable . 
 i was shrieking from the agony as i shoved the dirt i 'd removed from the site into the hole . 
 then , my arms black , my face most likely black and the rest of my body beginning to boil , i burrowed into the loose earth until every bit of me was covered . 
 after that , i ca n't tell you what happened . 
 i might have been dead , but was n't i already ? 
 * * * when winkler punched the code into the keypad outside the gate and let himself in , his entire staff-the ones that were still on their feet , anyway-all rushed him at once , demanding to know what had happened . 
 winkler was dazed and could n't give coherent answers right away so davis , glen and phil hauled him into the kitchen . 
 glen , who had some medical training , checked winkler over and then started pouring fluids into him . 
 `` no soda , you need water and juice , '' glen ordered . 
 winkler said something rude to glen . 
 glen just laughed at his employer . 
 `` where the hell were you ? '' 
 phil demanded . 
 `` metal box buried in the middle of nowhere , '' winkler choked a little on his orange juice , coughed a bit and then continued . 
 `` lissa pulled me out of there . 
 do n't know how she found me . 
 some dead guy was there , on top of the box . '' 
 `` where 's lissa now ? 
 did she bring you back ? '' 
 davis asked urgently . 
 `` do n't know . 
 she stayed behind . 
 told the guy driving the van to drop me off here . 
 so he dropped me off here and left . '' 
 the van was still parked in front of the gate ; the farmer had left it there and walked away . 
 `` so , we do n't know where she is ? '' 
 davis was a bit more concerned , now . 
 `` try calling her cell , '' phil suggested . 
 davis pulled his cell out and hit lissa 's number on speed dial . 
 there was n't an answer . 
 `` fuck , '' davis breathed , trying again . 
 still nothing . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 glen asked . 
 `` she got me out of that hole and she seemed okay , '' winkler was sipping more juice . 
 `` is there anything to eat ? '' 
 davis herded the cook into the kitchen and she started making breakfast for all of them . 
 `` do you remember anything about where you were ? 
 what if those shitheads who buried you found her out there ? '' 
 davis was back to worrying about lissa . 
 `` i do n't remember , '' winkler rubbed his forehead . 
 `` stop bothering him . 
 we 'll worry about lissa later , '' glen growled . 
 `` she 's a big girl . 
 she can take care of herself . '' 
 davis almost growled at glen but held back . 
 phil got on the phone and managed to find a doctor willing to come to the house for a fee . 
 the physician pronounced winkler `` in good condition but dehydrated , '' and charged a thousand dollars . 
 `` i could have told you that , '' glen muttered angrily after the doctor drove his mercedes out of the driveway . 
 they still had n't heard anything concerning lissa and they were all worried . 
 that was nothing compared to gavin 's anger and distress when he emerged from the guesthouse after darkness had fallen . 
 davis informed him that a good samaritan had left winkler and the van in front of the house before disappearing . 
 davis also informed gavin that lissa was missing ; she 'd pulled winkler from his underground tomb and sent him back with the unknown driver . 
 `` we ca n't reach her by cell and winkler was still drugged enough that he has no idea where he was , '' davis paced a little . 
 gavin looked thunderous . 
 `` you did n't go looking for her ? '' 
 he was growling , now . 
 `` where the hell were we supposed to start ? '' 
 davis raked a hand through his hair . 
 `` we have absolutely nothing to go on . '' 
 `` we had nothing to go on last night as well , '' gavin swore a little . 
 `` lissa was the one who figured things out enough to go look . '' 
 `` if she comes back , i do n't know if i want her going off by herself like that again . '' 
 davis was allowing his anger free rein . 
 gavin 's was mostly held in check . 
 if he allowed his anger to surface , somebody might die . 
 `` keep trying her cell phone , '' gavin ordered . 
 `` it 's dark , now . '' 
 davis gave gavin a long look and pulled out his cell phone . 
 * * * we do n't breathe when we sleep . 
 if i 'd tried , i would have suffocated there in the cold , wet soil . 
 a dead man lay buried next to me-so close i touched his flesh when i scrambled out of my makeshift grave . 
 my clothes and skin were covered in mud as i crawled out and i probably looked like a creature from one of those swamp movies . 
 that did n't do much for my ego , let me tell you . 
 dirt and mud caked my hair , too . 
 rain was falling as i stood at the edge of the wheat field , beating down on my back as i shoved the displaced dirt over my exit hole . 
 the dead security guard could stay there and rot for all i cared . 
 i figured he 'd led the kidnappers straight to winkler , handing out phone numbers and the address so they could lure him away from the house and then take him . 
 the kidnappers had killed the former security guard for his trouble . 
 now , all i had to do was clean myself up as best i could , find a ride into town and explain to winkler and the others where i 'd been all day . 
 no problem . 
 i walked across the road and then to the edge of the deep ditch where the jaguar lay . 
 here was transportation , if it were on the road instead of in the ditch . 
 i 'd seen the keys ; they were still in the ignition the night before . 
 the farmer had come to get his tractor earlier , i imagined , it was n't parked next to the wheat field where he 'd left it . 
 i stared a little longer at the jaguar . 
 was i a vampire or not ? 
 time to find out how strong i was . 
 i 'd see if i could pull winkler 's jaguar out of the ditch using my bare hands . 
 grabbing the back bumper , i heaved a little , lifting it right up . 
 i decided that vampirism might have its perks-the jury was still out . 
 pulling it out of the ditch was a little harder ; the soft ground sucked at the front wheels , creating deep ruts as i heaved and tugged on the vehicle . 
 it took nearly five minutes to get it out of the ditch and onto the road , but i did it . 
 the jaguar started right up , thankfully , but hunger was now gnawing at me . 
 i 'd ignored it at first , but my body had healed itself from the extreme sunburns i 'd gotten and was now demanding to be fed as compensation for the daytime restoration . 
 i checked my reflection in the rear-view mirror as i drove toward oklahoma city . 
 my mud-streaked face was frightful . 
 nobody was going to allow me to approach them like this . 
 nobody . 
 the hitchhiker , dressed in faded jeans , old boots and an unbuttoned flannel shirt over a ragged t-shirt was walking backward along the side of the road , his thumb out , a backpack slung over his shoulder . 
 he 'd do fine as a meal-if he consented to get into the car with me , that is . 
 i slowed down and pulled over , rolling down the passenger window to talk to the boy . 
 `` wow , a jag ! '' 
 the kid could n't have been more than nineteen , i thought , as he leaned down and peered appreciatively at the interior of winkler 's jaguar . 
 `` man , what happened to you ? '' 
 he 'd gotten a good look at me , his eyes finally adjusting to the dim interior of the car . 
 `` fell in the mud , '' i said . 
 `` back in one of those wheat fields . 
 you want a ride or not ? '' 
 it never occurred to me at that moment why the boy might be hitchhiking after dark . 
 my hunger was ruling my brain as well as my good sense . 
 if i had any , that is . 
 `` yeah , i do , '' the kid hopped in and slammed the door . 
 loud noises hurt my ears nowadays . 
 i disliked the kid already . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i warn you , i 'm not going past oklahoma city . '' 
 `` that 's good enough , '' he said as i started to pull onto the deserted road . 
 `` yeah , that 's good enough , '' he repeated , yanking a knife from his jeans pocket and stabbing me in the ribs with it . 
 the jaguar screeched to a halt when i hit the brakes as hard as i could . 
 `` all right , that 's not really nice . '' 
 my hand was over the kid 's and jerking the knife out of my flesh in no time . 
 his eyes were wide and frightened as i squeezed his hand , breaking bones . 
 he released his grip on the knife while writhing and whining in his seat . 
 lowering my window , i flung the knife into the field on the opposite side of the road before turning back to the youth . 
 `` i 'm not even going to be gentle about this , '' i growled , jerking him toward me and sinking my fangs into his throat to drink . 
 he was whimpering and had wet himself when i shoved him away from me . 
 `` now , '' i said , angry compulsion in my voice , `` you 're not going to remember me or anything else about this . 
 get out and go home . 
 and give up your life of crime while you 're at it . 
 you suck as a criminal . '' 
 the boy lurched out of the car , witlessly wandering away and leaving the passenger-side door open . 
 `` fuck , '' i muttered , reaching over to close it . 
 the wound in my side tugged and ached with the effort . 
 the drive to oklahoma city was almost calm and uneventful after that . 
 i thought to check the knife wound while i sat at a traffic light later , but it looked to be closing up already . 
 you should have seen the committee waiting on me , though , when i drove through the gate . 
 `` where the hell have you been ? '' 
 davis jerked the car door open and almost dragged me out of the car . 
 i had to unbuckle the seat belt first before he had any success at it . 
 `` rolling around in the muck , what does it look like ? '' 
 i was almost shouting at him . 
 `` that security guard we fired was in on this . 
 they shot him and buried him right on top of the box they stuck winkler in . 
 i shoved him back into that hole and covered him up before working on getting the jaguar out of the ditch . '' 
 `` why did n't you answer your cell ? '' 
 that was glen and he sounded really mad . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i pulled the cell phone out of my pocket . 
 it was covered in muck just as i was , in addition to being completely dead . 
 i handed it off to glen so he could see for himself . 
 `` do we need to go out there ? '' 
 davis asked . 
 `` only if you want to show the police where the body is buried . '' 
 i examined the driver 's seat of the jaguar ; it was covered in mud . 
 gavin was there within seconds , examining it with me . 
 suddenly , gripping my arm in his hand , he hauled me toward the guesthouse . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 i was trying my best to pull away from him without exerting too much energy . 
 it would certainly stir up unwanted interest if i threw him across the yard like i wanted . 
 `` tossing you in the shower , '' he said through clenched teeth . 
 `` good . 
 why did n't you tell me that ? 
 i can walk , you know . 
 you do n't have to drag me . '' 
 `` oh , i intend to help , '' he said . 
 `` no you 're not . '' 
 `` i 've seen everything you have before . '' 
 `` i beg to differ . 
 unless you 've sneaked in while i was sleeping . '' 
 a horrible thought flitted across my brain . 
 had he ? 
 that made me pull harder against his hold . 
 gavin just found a better grip and forged on . 
 `` i was speaking in female generalities . '' 
 `` well , you 're still not helping , '' i informed him tartly . 
 `` do not be obstinate about this , '' he growled , hauling me up the stairs . 
 `` i will be obstinate about it , '' i told him angrily , still struggling against his grip . 
 `` do not , '' he propelled me down the hallway toward my bedroom , `` attempt to thwart me in this . '' 
 he kicked open my bedroom door and pulled me inside . 
 i tried to dig my heels in but my mud-caked shoes slid traitorously across the carpet . 
 my shoulder met the tiled wall of the walk-in shower . 
 gavin was already turning on the taps and then reaching for my shirt . 
 i should have just let him have his way . 
 we ended up tussling in the shower instead and somehow my shirt and jeans got ripped until i let him have the shreds of each . 
 they were pulled away and he was examining the thin cut that remained from my stab wound . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 gavin asked , kneeling down to get a better look at my gash . 
 the warm water poured down on both of us , soaking him -lrb- and me -rrb- in very little time . 
 `` i picked up a hitchhiker , '' i mumbled as he poked the wound . 
 `` he stabbed me . '' 
 `` no kidding . '' 
 gavin pulled the edges of the wound apart . 
 `` hey , that hurts ! '' 
 i slapped him on the head . 
 i guess vampires could feel pain-it hurt when the kid stabbed me and now gavin 's assistance did n't feel all that great either . 
 `` what happened to the kid ? '' 
 gavin grabbed the soap and began cleaning the wound . 
 `` i took his knife and threw it out the window , then told him to go home and give up his life of crime because he sucked at it . '' 
 `` you do n't say , '' gavin was thoroughly washing the gash , now . 
 `` i did say . 
 you heard me , did n't you ? '' 
 i wanted to slap his head again ; he was n't the gentlest nurse i 'd ever had . 
 `` how did you figure out where winkler was ? '' 
 gavin was now cleaning my arms with a mesh sponge and body wash . 
 `` con . 
 what glen and phil heard when they called winkler 's back-up cell . 
 i took a wild guess and made a stab at yukon . 
 it was really lucky , too . 
 i suck at wheel of fortune and jeopardy , both . '' 
 `` yukon . 
 you-con . '' 
 gavin tried it out for himself . 
 `` yeah . 
 lucky guess . '' 
 gavin washed my hair , even , but let me do my br ** sts and between my legs , thank goodness . 
 when he did n't try anything funny , i gave up and let it go . 
 after years of visits to the gynecologist , i no longer needed that little paper sheet they let you drape over your lap . 
 why use it ? 
 they 're just going to look anyway . 
 `` winkler wants to see lissa ! '' 
 davis was pounding on what was left of my bedroom door . 
 i was drying off while gavin leaned against the vanity , his arms crossed over his chest , watching while i toweled myself dry . 
 he 'd knocked quite a bit off the bottom of my bedroom door , kicking it in earlier . 
 `` i 'll be out in a bit , '' i called . 
 `` i do n't care if it was luck . '' 
 winkler refused to listen to me . 
 ten thousand dollars cash in an envelope-that 's what he handed me . 
 a reward was n't the reason i 'd gone looking for him in the first place . 
 `` you ought to care . 
 if i 'd guessed wrong , you 'd still be there , '' i frowned at him . 
 `` i do have a proposition for you , though . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 winkler quirked a dark eyebrow at me . 
 `` take back half this money and let me have the next four or five nights to go hunting that scum . '' 
 `` you think you can find them ? '' 
 `` no idea . 
 i 'd like to try , though . '' 
 i was already leafing through the hundred dollar bills inside the envelope , counting out five thousand . 
 `` you know , i think i 'm willing to let you try . '' 
 winkler was grinning at me suddenly . 
 `` keep the money . 
 it 's yours . '' 
 he waved a hand dismissively . 
 `` take tonight off and rest up . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 the envelope went into my pocket . 
 gavin , davis , phil and glen had all been there , listening to the conversation . 
 gavin was frowning , as usual , and he followed me out of the house when i left . 
 `` what you did for him was worth five times that , '' he muttered beside me . 
 `` maybe you 're used to the big bucks . 
 i 'm not , '' my voice was a little frosty . 
 `` now , i think you 've seen a little too much of me tonight . 
 go away . '' 
 `` it was my pleasure , '' gavin said and left , allowing me to make my way to the guesthouse alone . 
 `` i 'll just bet it was , '' i muttered at his retreating back . 
 i heard his low chuckle as i started up the steps . 
 * * * `` honored one , the secondary was kidnapped by enemies and there was very little information to be had to track him . 
 even his experienced staff failed to come up with any ideas or methods with which to locate him . 
 the primary , however , managed not only to track him but dug him out of a field where he 'd been buried inside a metal box . 
 at great risk to herself , she sent him back to the residence and then more than likely slept in the soil-i smelled evidence of charred flesh as well as blood from a knife wound about her when she returned the following evening . 
 i must say , there are not many among us who might have met with such swift success on a similar assignment . 
 g. '' she 'd been reading when he checked on her later during his meal break . 
 lissa glared at him when he peeked inside her bedroom door . 
 gavin had already asked davis to have the door replaced ; she did n't like being unable to close herself off from him and the others-he could see it in her eyes . 
 gavin sighed and left her with her book . 
 * * * taking my favorite van , -lrb- the farmer had left it parked out front when he dropped winkler off -rrb- i drove off the property as soon as i 'd taken a shower and dressed . 
 gavin was frowning at me when i left , so i briefly considered giving him the finger on my way out . 
 i fought off the urge-he 'd find a way to retaliate , i just knew it . 
 serge and ed crossed my mind , too . 
 i had n't thought of them in days but now that i was going out to hunt someone myself , my old fear reared its ugly head . 
 people are creatures of habit . 
 i certainly was . 
 i went to the same kinds of movies . 
 had my favorite foods , went to the same restaurants and bookstores . 
 i 'd gotten a really good scent off winkler 's captors . 
 at least some of them . 
 there were two distinct scents inside the jaguar , both of them fresh , along with winkler 's of course . 
 and the security guard 's body had n't been transported inside the car ; the scent of it was n't there . 
 that meant they had another car , truck or van following to take them away from the burial site . 
 the mexican food ? 
 that was a plus . 
 they 'd been hungry before they took winkler out to shut him up in a metal box . 
 i knew what that box was , now-the metal toolbox that went on the back of a pickup . 
 since there had to be at least three kidnappers , i was more than likely looking for a club or extended cab . 
 i also knew where most of the mexican restaurants in town were . 
 the people i 'd worked with at the courthouse loved mexican and we 'd sometimes go out on our lunch hour to whatever the popular place was at the moment . 
 that night i drove by ted 's cafe escondido , border crossing , on the border , nino 's , cocina de mino and several little hole-in-the-wall places . 
 i did n't catch a scent at any of them . 
 i even drove past the wheat field while more rain fell , watching as puddling water destroyed the footprints left behind . 
 the ruts from the jaguar were still there but since the police had n't been brought in on winkler 's kidnapping , most people would think that someone had slid off the road and then managed to get their vehicle out again . 
 it happened all the time in oklahoma . 
 good samaritans abounded usually and the odds of somebody coming along with a trailer hitch or tow bar to get you out of a mess were actually pretty good . 
 i fed while i was out , too , at one of the mexican restaurants . 
 most likely , i was searching for a needle in a haystack but i was n't willing to let those scum go . 
 they had n't been decent or honorable over what they 'd done to winkler . 
 that metal toolbox was a makeshift coffin and if i had n't gotten lucky he would have died-alone and frightened , i 'm sure . 
 speaking from personal experience , i 'd had it with people leaving you alone to die . 
 i also dropped by a twenty-four hour walmart and bought more jeans . 
 gavin and the mud had ruined one pair and i was washing clothes every fourth day as it was . 
 more tops found their way into the basket , too , along with additional underwear . 
 i went out on a limb and bought cotton bikinis . 
 hey , i could wear that stuff now . 
 if things had been different , i might have taken time to revel in the fact that i could now find pretty clothes that fit and looked good on me . 
 constant worry and watching your employer 's back as well as your own will take those thoughts right out of your head . 
 `` that was a bust , '' i said to phil as i drove through the gate shortly before sunrise . 
 i did n't take time to explain myself and he did n't bother to ask . 
 i think we both knew i was grasping at straws . 
 a new door to my bedroom waited when i reached the guesthouse . 
 it was nice and thick , with -lrb- gasp -rrb- a lock on the inside . 
 not that i held any illusions about that-gavin could probably kick this one in , too . 
 that man was stronger than he looked and he looked pretty damn strong . 
 his scent was more wonderful than anything i 'd ever eaten , including freshly baked cookies . 
 no , gavin did n't smell like any food i 'd ever tasted before , but that did n't keep me from wanting to sink my teeth into him anyway . 
 dumping my walmart bags into the chair at the side of the bed , i drifted into the bathroom and took a quick shower , washing away the smells and everything else i 'd wandered through during the night . 
 i used unscented soap but that even had a smell to me , making me wonder if every vampire 's sense of smell was that keen . 
 i had a pair of windows in my bedroom but the drapes were lined and i had rolled-up towels on the sills to help keep light from spilling in under the edge of the curtains . 
 any dim light that filtered over the top of the drapes did n't bother me ; i was still alive , or as alive as any vampire could be , i suppose . 
 i yawned a little while i combed out my hair and flopped into the bed afterward , asleep before i could cover up . 
 * * * `` winkler said i could come with you . '' 
 that was gavin , telling me he wanted to come along . 
 i did n't want the distraction or the embarrassment . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 this was my fourth night out , looking for the kidnappers . 
 i was feeling inadequate enough as it was . 
 i did n't need a witness . 
 `` tell me why . '' 
 it sounded like an order , so i stood there beside the driver 's side door of the van for a moment , considering my answer . 
 bumping my head against the glass of the window , i felt like crying instead . 
 `` because i feel like a fool , '' i said . 
 `` and you 'll just say i told you so when i do n't find anything . '' 
 `` that could very well be true , '' gavin 's voice was soft at my ear . 
 i had n't heard him come up beside me-when had he done that ? 
 he 'd been five feet away when i 'd said no . 
 his hand was on the back of my neck , stroking my nape with his thumb . 
 lazy circles were gently drawn on my skin as gavin 's breath fanned my temple . 
 that might have made my knees give way in another life . 
 that life was over , now . 
 i did n't have time for this and it was dangerous in the extreme , on top of that . 
 did vampires get to have lovers ? 
 once again , the fvm was missing in action . 
 and it was never a good idea to date or bed anybody you worked with . 
 that was trouble with a capital t. `` gavin , get in the f ** king van , '' i grumbled , jerking the door open . 
 `` what are you looking for ? '' 
 gavin asked as we bounced over a speed bump . 
 we were driving through yet another mexican restaurant parking lot-on the border , this time-the one on northwest expressway . 
 `` winkler was buried in one of those tool boxes that fit across the back of a pickup , '' i mumbled distractedly as i slowly drove past the row of vehicles up front . 
 `` and i smelled mexican food inside winkler 's jaguar but did n't find any evidence that the security guard had been in the car or the trunk . 
 obviously , there was another vehicle to pick up the one driving the jag afterward , plus the toolbox had to be hauled in somehow , along with the dead guard . 
 the only truck that can hold three or more people has to be a club or extended cab . '' 
 `` so , you 've put mexican food together with a pickup that has a missing toolbox and extra seating ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 it 's not much , '' i grumped . 
 i sure as hell was n't telling him about the scents of those men or the one associated with the dead body . 
 i 'd recognize that , sure enough . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 i crept past a late model silver extended cab that looked like the toolbox had been removed recently . 
 the truck was clean except for a bit of red dirt behind the cab where a toolbox might fit . 
 i drove a little way past , found a space and parked the van . 
 gavin got out with me and followed along behind as i walked casually toward the truck . 
 glancing around quickly to see if anybody was watching , i slipped between the truck and the car parked next to it . 
 `` this is it , '' i said , nodding in satisfaction . 
 i 'd gotten a good whiff of the dead body right away . 
 gavin blinked at me for a moment , his nostrils flaring a little in surprise . 
 i was afraid he 'd belittle me or refute my certainty . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 he asked instead . 
 `` convince our friends , here , to come back with me , '' i said . 
 `` phil and glen can have them , i think . '' 
 we waited more than half an hour and it was nearing eleven when three men walked out of the restaurant , heading straight for the truck . 
 they 'd all been drinking margaritas ; i could smell the tequila . 
 gavin ducked behind the car parked next to the truck , leaving me to handle the situation . 
 later , he and i might have a talk about chickening out . 
 he 'd insisted on coming , after all . 
 `` hi , '' i said , walking up to the three men . 
 they 'd reached the tailgate of the truck . 
 `` hey , look at this , '' one of them grinned as he placed an arm around my shoulders . 
 i had to force myself not to shudder and gag at his touch . 
 he was tall and heavy , wearing a stained t-shirt and jeans . 
 definitely not a neat eater . 
 his brown hair was a little on the long side , too , and he wore a goatee . 
 his friends both looked like construction workers , with close-fitting t-shirts showing off muscles and everything . 
 `` look at me , guys , '' i said , doing my best to sound sexy . 
 hell , i do n't think i 've ever been sexy . 
 mostly i just wanted to throw up . 
 `` you 're all coming home with me , are n't you ? '' 
 i tried to put as much of what i had into that command . 
 all three of them nodded eagerly . 
 `` good . 
 come with me , '' i motioned for them to follow . 
 gavin was trailing the four of us , walking in front of the parked cars while the three men and i walked behind them . 
 i loaded my three passengers into the back of the van ; they were all smiling and sliding onto seats willingly . 
 gavin climbed into the driver 's seat so i handed him the keys . 
 he drove us to the house while i watched our three guests , all of whom were sitting in the back grinning foolishly at me . 
 gavin and i got our prisoners seated inside the kitchen while we waited for phil and glen . 
 `` you 're going to answer every question these gentlemen ask you and you 're going to be honest with your answers , '' i informed the three as phil and glen walked into the kitchen . 
 i did n't ask for names . 
 i had no desire to know who they really were . 
 phil was grinning as he questioned the first of our captives so gavin and i left him to it , walking out of the house quickly . 
 `` i think we should go get their truck , '' i said , holding up the keys i 'd filched from one of the men . 
 they 'd been in his hand when i 'd stopped him in the restaurant parking lot . 
 `` sounds reasonable , '' gavin agreed . 
 he drove their truck back and i was happy to let him have that chore . 
 the smell of decay inside it made me want to gag and hold my nose . 
 winkler and davis were in the kitchen when we returned , watching while phil and glen continued their questioning . 
 winkler drifted over to us when we walked inside . 
 `` i remember that one , '' he pointed to the messy eater . 
 i would n't have picked any of them out of a crowd ; there were no outstanding features or anything . 
 i knew their smell , though . 
 they were the ones , no doubt about that . 
 `` how did they get you out of the house ? '' 
 i had n't asked until now . 
 `` i uh , have a baby sister , '' winkler admitted reluctantly . 
 `` she 's in college and they told me they had her . 
 they were asking for a ransom and for me to meet them alone . 
 i fell right into that trap . '' 
 `` is she all right ? '' 
 i asked . 
 winkler 's dark eyes were watching phil , glen and davis . 
 they were asking the three if anyone else was involved . 
 `` yeah , '' winkler answered without looking at me . 
 `` i could n't get her on her cell after they called me , so i panicked . 
 turns out she was studying in the library with her cell switched off . 
 she now has bodyguards of her own . '' 
 `` better safe than sorry , '' i nodded . 
 `` what do you intend to do with those three ? '' 
 gavin asked . 
 `` phil and glen will take care of it , '' winkler still was n't meeting my eyes . 
 i did n't know how i felt about that . 
 i did n't say anything , though . 
 gavin handed the keys to the kidnappers ' truck over to winkler , who accepted them with a nod . 
 `` why do n't you go get a drink ? '' 
 winkler suggested . 
 he wanted us out of the way while phil , glen and davis did whatever it was they were going to do . 
 i did n't want to hang around to find out what that was either , so getting the hell away sounded like a good idea . 
 `` come on , '' i grabbed gavin 's arm and pulled him out of the house . 
 we drove the volvo . 
 it was the car the day staff used and not nearly as nice as the jaguar , but i did n't want anything that smelled like those three men around me . 
 gavin did n't argue when i climbed into the driver 's seat . 
 we drove for a while , eventually parking in a little spot that overlooked lake hefner . 
 it was march seventh , a saturday and fairly calm if a little cold out as i watched gray water lap the lake 's edge . 
 gavin sat silently beside me . 
 for a while , anyway . 
 `` what was your life like , before ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i went still with fear . 
 `` what life before ? '' 
 i answered his question as evenly as i could with one of my own , keeping my eyes on the water . 
 gavin did n't reply . 
 i might have given anything at that moment to be able to discuss my past freely with someone-perhaps ask for advice or even a little sympathy . 
 that , as far as i knew , was impossible . 
 i had a secret to guard , one that could get me killed if i breathed even a partial sentence of it . 
 no matter how much i trusted or distrusted someone , they were n't going to pry that secret open . 
 if i wanted to die , i knew how to do it now . 
 i also knew how painful it was going to be but it would likely be over in a matter of minutes . 
 i knew how quickly my skin had blackened and melted while an early morning sun spread fingers of light across an oklahoma wheat field . 
 from that point forward , i did n't think i would ever look at wheat fields the same way . 
 that 's what i ended up saying instead . 
 `` you know , i 'm never going to look at a wheat field the same again , '' i said . 
 `` i think i 'm always going to see the dirt i was digging through after i heard winkler kicking the end of the toolbox with his feet . 
 if i had n't seen a little bit of reflection off the jaguar 's tail light where it was buried in a ditch , i would never have found him and he 'd likely be dead now . '' 
 `` how did you get the car out of the ditch ? '' 
 gavin latched onto another portion of my story that would have to be explained away . 
 lying is n't something i like doing , but i lied shamelessly to gavin . 
 `` a farmer came along with a tow bar on his truck . 
 he helped me get the car out after i told him i 'd swerved to miss hitting a deer . '' 
 `` i hope that mud pack you were wearing helped your skin , '' gavin almost smiled . 
 `` hmmph , '' i grumbled . 
 `` i 've never heard of oklahoma 's red dirt being good for much of anything in that department . 
 did you know they have a rattlesnake roundup every year in several oklahoma towns ? '' 
 i asked , deliberately changing the subject . 
 `` sometimes i feel sorry for the rattlesnakes . '' 
 i spared a glance for him , but he was watching the water now . 
 `` perhaps the snakes should mark their calendars and arrange to be out of town during those times , '' gavin said , his mouth quirking a little as he turned toward me . 
 `` well , there 's an untapped market , '' i retorted . 
 `` snake calendars . 
 with snake cell phones and mp-3 players after that . 
 of course they can only pay scale . '' 
 gavin just held his head , the joke was so bad . 
 `` sorry , '' i apologized . 
 `` did n't mean to give you a headache . '' 
 `` take me out to the wheat field , '' gavin said suddenly . 
 i studied his face briefly and blew out a breath . 
 the mask was back in place . 
 `` all right , '' i said , starting the volvo and putting it in gear . 
 we should n't have gone . 
 i had to drive past the turn-off ; the silver pickup was parked on the edge of the wheat field and phil , glen and davis were all out there digging , with three bodies lined up beside the original gravesite . 
 `` fuck , '' i muttered as we slowly drove past . 
 i was hoping they had n't seen us . 
 `` do n't worry about it , '' gavin said softly . 
 i was shaking , i know . 
 maybe he was used to this sort of thing but i sure as hell was n't . 
 when we drove into yukon , gavin asked me to pull over and he switched places with me . 
 i think if i had n't been vampire , i would have lost anything i 'd eaten in the past few hours . 
 as it was , i just hunkered down in my seat , pulled my knees up to my chest and stared out the window on the way home . 
 chapter 7 `` honored one , the primary has performed past expectations . 
 she found the three who kidnapped the secondary using what little she had at her disposal , including scent and deduction skills . 
 i am amazed that she managed to solve that , yet remains ignorant of the fact that one of her own kind is never more than a few yards away most of the time . 
 a fascinating paradox . 
 work has also slowed on the project . 
 will continue to keep you informed . 
 g. '' * * * `` pack up , baby sis wants to go on spring break . '' 
 those were the first words winkler spoke when i walked into the main kitchen . 
 davis had been waiting on gavin and me the minute we 'd come away from the guesthouse , informing us that there was a meeting in the kitchen . 
 fortunately , i 'd already sneaked out to feed . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 gavin 's arms were crossed tightly over his chest . 
 `` port aransas , texas . 
 one of the safer places for spring break , actually . '' 
 winkler was smiling . 
 maybe he could smile the day after having three men killed , but i could n't . 
 yeah , i know they 'd pretty much condemned him to death , but still . 
 `` we have to be at the airport in a couple of hours . 
 the private jet will be there waiting for us . '' 
 private jet . 
 winkler had a private jet . 
 maybe it was time for me to borrow somebody 's computer and look him up on the internet . 
 instead , i grumbled the entire way to the guesthouse and even while i was throwing my meager supply of clothing into the roller bag . 
 `` stop complaining . '' 
 gavin stood in my half-open doorway , watching while i flung my six pairs of jeans into the bag . 
 `` do you have any extra shampoo ? '' 
 somehow , he must have known that i always buy in bulk . 
 it saves future trips . 
 stalking into the bathroom , i pulled the full bottle from beneath the sink and brought it to him . 
 `` there , '' i said , plopping it into his hand . 
 `` anything else ? 
 i have extra deodorant , conditioner and socks . '' 
 `` no on all three counts , '' he replied , his beautiful brown eyes almost smiling . 
 with gavin , an almost-smile is as good as a guffaw from anyone else . 
 `` good , '' i muttered . 
 `` i do n't like sharing my socks . '' 
 my trip on winkler 's private jet was probably going to come to mind every time i had to take a commercial flight from then on . 
 the seats were wide and comfortable and nobody was crowded . 
 no layover in dallas , either-we 'd flown straight to the corpus christi airport . 
 two security guards were there waiting on us with two of winkler security 's ever-present suvs . 
 winkler had left the add-on guards in oklahoma city , hoping that continued activity there would indicate he was still in residence . 
 if anybody left alive knew he 'd been there , that is . 
 `` you going out with us tuesday night ? '' 
 our security guard driver asked . 
 gavin , davis and i had climbed into the same vehicle , but the driver was talking to davis and not to us . 
 gavin had a few words with him and the other guard when we got off the plane but that was it . 
 they could have been old friends , for all i knew . 
 `` yeah . 
 winkler already talked to shirley . '' 
 davis was grinning at the guard . 
 i had no idea who shirley was and i found myself wondering if she was an old girlfriend or the proprietor of the local brothel . 
 those two choices seemed to encompass winkler 's relationships with women . 
 present company excepted , of course . 
 i also had a brand new envelope tucked away in my luggage , only this one held twenty-five thousand in cash . 
 winkler 's reward to me for bringing in the three who 'd tried to kill him . 
 it felt like blood money to me , but it was money-ready cash in case i had to go on the run . 
 the other thing he 'd handed me -lrb- which shocked me completely -rrb- , was a credit card with my name on it . 
 it was an american express employee card , through winkler security . 
 well , la-de-dah . 
 `` so davis does n't have to keep giving you cash when you run errands for us . '' 
 winkler grinned as he said it , so i stopped myself from smacking him . 
 there was no condo waiting on us as the guard -lrb- whose name i learned was todd -rrb- drove us out to mustang island . 
 oh , no . 
 there was a beach house to end all beach houses . 
 it had to be at least six thousand square feet with a detached garage and the inevitable guesthouse on top of that . 
 yeah , gavin and i got that . 
 `` come inside the house when you drop off your bags , '' winkler ordered after we parked inside the spacious garage . 
 `` sis is already here and i want you to meet her . '' 
 gavin and i dutifully dropped our bags off in the large sitting area of the guesthouse , and he claimed the bedroom nearest the door , just like last time . 
 it was larger than the one i was left with , but i was n't about to argue . 
 my bedroom had two twin beds in it ; his had the queen . 
 he was bigger than i was , i reasoned . 
 i checked my windows plus the blinds and drapes that covered the windows . 
 all appeared sufficient to block the light . 
 my bedroom faced west , too , while gavin had the east side . 
 at least we had our own shower , just like last time . 
 gavin was waiting for me at the bottom of the guesthouse steps after we 'd settled in . 
 together we walked to the french doors at the back of the house . 
 a wide , cedar plank deck that overlooked the waters of the gulf fronted those doors . 
 the salt air on the barrier island was thick and almost tangible around us . 
 somehow , i knew there would be fog in the morning but i could n't have said how i knew it . 
 gavin opened the door and motioned for me to go ahead of him . 
 winkler was there , a drink in his hand already , his sister peeking around his tall , muscular body . 
 `` lissa , this is my baby sis , '' winkler said , pulling her around to introduce us . 
 her name was whitney . 
 whitney wynne winkler . 
 his name was william wayne winkler . 
 and i thought my dad had a horrible sense of humor . 
 whitney took my hand and shook while i smiled at her . 
 that warmed things up a little , i think . 
 she was pretty , with the same shade of dark hair that winkler had and stood about a foot shorter than her brother . 
 only gavin was taller than winkler , who topped six-three . 
 that put whitney just a little taller than i was and davis , phil , glen and the two guards treated her like royalty . 
 davis offered drinks and snacks to gavin and me as we took seats inside the spacious family room . 
 the others were engrossed in a mavericks basketball game playing on the giant flat screen television mounted on the wall . 
 gavin asked for scotch and soda ; i settled for a glass of wine . 
 alcohol has no effect on a vampire if they drink it straight . 
 mine had to be laced with blood and come directly from the source . 
 in my limited experience , anyway . 
 gavin also had a quiet conversation with whitney and she was smiling and laughing with him in no time . 
 go figure . 
 `` whitney wants to go shopping tomorrow evening at the mall in corpus , '' winkler informed me later . 
 `` i want you to go with her and sam . '' 
 sam was the second guard that met us at the airport . 
 `` all right , '' i nodded . 
 winkler and the rest of them went to bed around three ; gavin and i began our guard duty then . 
 i enjoyed walking that perimeter-the ocean was beautiful and the sound of the water quite soothing . 
 the fog hung around all day and the weather was cooler than it normally was at this time of year . 
 it served to hide me quite nicely when i rose the following evening and found a tourist to feed from . 
 the young man tried to hug me as i drank from him . 
 he even smelled nice-not covered up with suntan lotion or anything else-the scent was all him . 
 i thanked him before telling him to forget me , sending him on his way down the beach . 
 that night was when i chose to wear the second outfit that davis had brought to me in dallas . 
 i wore the short-sleeved plum top , along with the charcoal slacks and kitten heels . 
 winkler was appreciative of the clothing when i showed up inside the house a bit later . 
 i 'd passed gavin on my way out the guesthouse door and noticed he was wearing a deep frown on his face , his arms crossed over his chest in obvious disapproval . 
 well , i was willing to let him take whitney shopping while i stayed there and watched the house and the ocean . 
 sam drove us in one of the suvs . 
 he and whitney both sat in the front and kept up a teasing conversation during the entire drive into corpus christi . 
 sam was young , i thought , in his early twenties and quite a handsome kid . 
 the blackest hair with eyes to match , coupled with a wolfish grin that came easily plus a great sense of humor . 
 whitney relaxed around him but always seemed a little tense around phil , glen and davis . 
 maybe she was just sick of winkler 's bodyguards . 
 i do n't think it hurt any that sam smelled three quarters human and one quarter warm puppy . 
 perhaps whitney was responding to that , too . 
 phil always smelled like a wet dog to me . 
 could be his aftershave-how was i to know ? 
 padre staples mall is right off south padre island drive and easy to find . 
 we parked by dillards and walked inside the mall , where i discovered quickly that whitney was a shopaholic . 
 sam had to walk away while she rummaged through the lingerie section inside dillards , talking about this bra as opposed to that one and loading the sales clerk down with underwear . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 she held up a leopard-print bra in front of her small br ** sts , asking for my opinion . 
 `` well , that looks sexy , '' i said . 
 `` if that 's your goal , mission accomplished . '' 
 whitney 's dimple showed in her cheek as she smiled at me . 
 `` i 'll take it ! '' 
 she bounced over to the clerk and added it to the growing pile . 
 i hoped winkler had as hefty a bank account as i imagined he might , he was going to need it . 
 whitney also picked out two pairs of panties that matched the leopard-print bra before turning to other colors . 
 she spent fifteen hundred dollars on underwear in the first store alone . 
 sam ran the bags out to the truck while whitney and i ventured into the mall . 
 next came a small , exclusive dress shop where whitney tried on dress after dress and then slacks and pretty blouses , most of which were silks or other expensive fabrics . 
 `` i really want to look good tomorrow night when we go out , '' she dimpled again . 
 i did n't ask her where she was going , i really did n't want to know . 
 wherever it was , it meant that gavin and i got the night off to do as we pleased and i was looking forward to it . 
 i 'd already thought about climbing onto the roof of the beach house just to sit up there and watch the waters of the gulf . 
 i 'd only been to the beach twice before in my entire life and i 'd never gotten to stay on the beach . 
 those hotels and condos were just too expensive for don and me to afford . 
 whitney spent another two thousand in the dress shop before going to look for shoes and handbags . 
 an exclusive handbag shop got twelve hundred for two purses . 
 the least expensive thing she bought was a pair of running shoes . 
 we found heels , flats , sandals and flip-flops in dillards on our way out . 
 i could almost hear winkler 's credit card weeping pitifully from the abuse . 
 whitney was hungry afterward , so we stopped at a seafood restaurant on the other side of the highway . 
 she and sam both ate like there was no tomorrow . 
 i had no idea how she kept her pretty figure ; they had appetizers , salads and three entrees between them . 
 whitney must have the metabolism of a body-builder , i mused while sipping my wine and watching the two of them eat and tease each other . 
 `` texas aandm , corpus , is not the university of texas , '' whitney poked at sam , who grinned and tried to tickle her . 
 `` i go to the university of texas . '' 
 `` where they do n't know a damn thing about agriculture , '' he shot back , tussling a little with her . 
 `` my dad owns most of the land south of here and we supply quite a bit of the u.s. with cotton and spinach , '' he grinned . 
 `` come on , tell me you hate spinach . '' 
 whitney giggled as he successfully tickled her ribs . 
 `` i hate spinach , '' she said , sitting up and straightening her long black hair . 
 sam laughed . 
 `` we also grow avocados , '' sam went on . 
 `` tell me you do n't like guacamole . '' 
 `` i love guacamole , '' she offered a very pretty smile . 
 `` see , there is something to love about me , '' he said . 
 sam drove us home after that . 
 whitney was happily showing winkler her purchases once we were inside the beach house . 
 except for the underwear , that is . 
 that gave me the opportunity to slip out of the house . 
 after changing into my normal uniform of jeans and athletic shoes , i took up my duty as guard . 
 `` have fun ? '' 
 gavin grumbled as i passed him on my counter-clockwise walk around the perimeter . 
 `` you have no idea , '' i rolled my eyes a little . 
 he almost smiled . 
 a good friend would have heard the tale of the bras and underwear , but gavin was n't a good friend . 
 i did n't know what he was , truthfully , running hot and cold most of the time . 
 he seldom showed any emotion , watching the rest of us covertly , at times . 
 i did n't know what to make of that . 
 as usual , i had to force gavin out of my thoughts-that street went nowhere . 
 while i worked my shift that night , i wondered if winkler knew about the attraction between his sister and sam . 
 it was probably none of my business anyway , so i shrugged it off . 
 the following night off was n't all mine to do as i pleased , i discovered . 
 winkler left a list of things to pick up at the grocery store in nearby port aransas , and the inside of the beach house looked like a hurricane had come through . 
 the trip to the store came first , and -lrb- no surprise -rrb- the list was filled with snacks , junk food and sodas . 
 just as a practical joke , i threw in a couple bags of salad , fruit juice , bananas and apples , plus a few gourmet cheeses . 
 i used to love gruyere . 
 a wedge went into the shopping cart . 
 i also picked up ingredients to bake oatmeal cookies . 
 at least those cookies had fiber in them . 
 i baked cookies later while i cleaned up the kitchen . 
 with no cleaning staff in residence , things inside the beach house went downhill as quickly as a loaded truck with no brakes . 
 it was a beautiful kitchen , too , with granite countertops and island along with a very nice cooktop and double ovens . 
 the cookies were done in no time . 
 i let them cool before piling them on a platter and covering them with plastic wrap so the others would see what they were . 
 the kitchen was as clean as i could make it before starting on the living area and media room . 
 there was popcorn between the sofa cushions , so i vacuumed the whole thing out . 
 the rings on the glass coffee table were wiped off and i even dusted a little . 
 no way was i touching the bedrooms , though . 
 i figured those were in an even bigger mess . 
 i did clean the main bathroom . 
 it needed it already ; it smelled like men . 
 then i went to do my roof sitting . 
 the peak of the roof was a good place to settle and watch a full moon rise over the gulf waters . 
 the light cast a wide path over the ocean , which twinkled with the constant movement of the water . 
 the sky above me was a deep , clear blue that nearly sparkled with crispness . 
 gavin did n't make a sound as he climbed onto the roof , sitting down about a foot away from me . 
 my knees were drawn up to my chin while i sat there , my arms hugging my legs . 
 gavin did n't say anything as he settled nearby . 
 `` bored ? '' 
 i finally asked to break the silence . 
 `` occasionally , '' he said . 
 `` not now . '' 
 `` i came up to watch the moon over the water , '' i said . 
 `` i came up to watch , too . '' 
 my chin was now resting on my knees as i watched the water . 
 gavin had unwittingly disturbed my peace when he climbed up to join me . 
 now , instead of the soothing sound of the surf , gavin 's scent hung thick in the air . 
 that unsettled me and eventually brought me to my feet . 
 i dusted the back of my jeans and walked over to the edge of the roof , climbing down onto the frame of the wooden deck . 
 that 's how i 'd climbed up to start with , so i decided to go down the same way . 
 gavin did n't follow . 
 * * * `` those cookies were so good , i think winkler ate half of them , '' davis told me the following evening . 
 `` does this mean you know how to cook ? 
 i mean for real ? '' 
 `` yeah , i know how to cook for real , '' i said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` well , a meal might not go amiss , now and then , '' davis was almost begging . 
 `` you know what a big deal it is for all of us to go out and eat . '' 
 i did know that . 
 it was almost a circus , with winkler surrounded by security at all times . 
 that had to bother him . 
 it would me . 
 `` if you 'll let me run to the store , i 'll fix something tonight , '' i said . 
 `` in fact , i 'll make winkler a chicken-fried steak . 
 maybe the best he 's ever had . 
 at least it 'll be authentic . '' 
 `` tell me what you want to drive , '' davis was very interested now . 
 there was a four-year-old cadillac in the garage in addition to the two suvs . 
 i took the cadillac and picked up everything i needed , along with enough chicken br ** sts and thighs to do fried chicken for them in a night or two . 
 winkler got his chicken-fry , plus mashed potatoes and gravy , baby peas and texas toast . 
 i made chocolate pie for dessert . 
 no , i ca n't taste it anymore , but i 'd been cooking for nearly thirty years . 
 i knew what i was doing . 
 i did eat a little of the meal to make things look normal , but i had to get rid of it later , which was a shame . 
 i had the memory of what it all had tasted like . 
 it was a good thing i made three chocolate pies ; winkler ate half of one by himself . 
 and he loved the chicken-fried steak . 
 `` what do you do to the mashed potatoes ? '' 
 he asked . 
 those were a specialty . 
 `` a lot of butter and half and half , and then you whip them , '' i said . 
 `` do you know how to make egg custard pie ? '' 
 whitney asked , her eyes pleading . 
 `` yeah . 
 my mother taught me , '' i said . 
 `` i use half and half in that , too , instead of milk . 
 it makes it creamier . '' 
 `` will you make one for me ? 
 please ? '' 
 she was begging . 
 `` tomorrow , '' i laughed . 
 `` i 'll do fried chicken and make a custard pie . '' 
 `` can you make enough for two extras , tomorrow ? '' 
 winkler asked . 
 `` we 're expecting guests . '' 
 `` i think so . 
 do they eat as much as you do ? '' 
 i teased . 
 `` probably , '' he grinned . 
 `` thanks for cleaning up , by the way . 
 phil was n't looking forward to vacuuming . '' 
 `` we probably need to clean some more if company 's coming , '' i put my hands on my hips , just like my mother used to . 
 gavin was standing in a corner , snickering at my antics . 
 `` are they spending the night ? '' 
 i asked , glaring at gavin . 
 he schooled his face into a blank expression . 
 `` no , not spending the night , '' winkler said . 
 sam and todd came into the house then and helped themselves to what remained of dinner . 
 there was n't anything left to throw out or put away when i loaded up the dishwasher the second time . 
 i hauled out the mop , cleaned the kitchen floor and then did a little vacuuming after that . 
 `` i think these guys were raised in a barn , '' i told whitney later , making her laugh . 
 my rounds came next . 
 gavin and i passed each other three times before he said anything . 
 `` they 'll expect those things from now on , '' he pointed out . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i sighed a little . 
 `` i do n't mind cooking and cleaning . 
 at least i know what i 'm doing . '' 
 `` you do n't know what you 're doing now ? '' 
 the question and his gaze were almost gentle . 
 `` i have no idea what i 'm doing , '' i told him . 
 `` i 've had to make this up as i go along . 
 it 's is n't like somebody handed me a manual , or anything . '' 
 that was a double entendre but he did n't know that . 
 `` and what if the manual does n't exist ? '' 
 he stepped a little closer and i felt his breath fan the hair at my temple . 
 `` then somebody screwed up , '' i said tartly . 
 `` if there is n't a manual , then somebody needs to write it or show up . 
 what 's that old saying-when the student is ready , the teacher appears ? 
 that 's all idealistic bullshit . '' 
 i watched his lips quirk a little . 
 `` i 'm not sure they meant a physical teacher , '' gavin was smiling now . 
 `` then they need to say what they mean and stop talking in circles , '' i grumbled . 
 we were standing in front of the house where we usually passed each other on our rounds . 
 gavin lifted his hand , just for a moment , as if he were about to touch my cheek and then thought better of it . 
 that was n't him and we were standing in front of the house , even though all the lights were out and everybody was probably asleep . 
 i started walking again . 
 after a few seconds , gavin did , too . 
 we did n't speak again the remainder of the night . 
 * * * `` lissa , this is weldon harper and his son , daryl , '' winkler introduced his guests . 
 weldon harper was tall and almost as broad across the shoulders as gavin was . 
 dark haired and eyed , he had rugged good looks and i imagined he might win the tough man competition should he ever decide to enter . 
 his son daryl looked very much like him . 
 maybe half an inch shorter , if that . 
 two others had come in as well-shirley walker and daniel carey . 
 here was the elusive shirley walker , and she did n't fit any of my expectations . 
 shirley was nearly six feet tall and looked like she could give weldon harper a good run for his money . 
 daniel carey was tall and lean ; he had to be at least six-six with a military bearing about him . 
 thankfully , i had enough fried chicken . 
 i 'd asked winkler if he wanted a sit-down dinner or if he wanted it buffet-style . 
 he opted for buffet style , so everybody helped themselves . 
 phil , davis and glen almost fell over each other , offering drinks to weldon and his son . 
 sam was there as well , keeping his eyes on whitney most of the night while everybody else pretty much ignored him and todd . 
 it did n't take a genius to figure out that weldon was important , although nobody ever said how or why and i knew enough not to ask . 
 whitney hugged me after she ate her first piece of custard pie and then had another slice . 
 she might have eaten more than that but all four pies were gone by that time . 
 `` i 'll make more , sometime , '' i promised . 
 that got me another hug . 
 go figure . 
 female vampire-security guard-cook . 
 i wondered how that would fit on a business card . 
 that brought me to the thought about vampires in general . 
 i knew ed and serge had come to the bar together . 
 how did they know each other ? 
 how had they met ? 
 was there a vampire network out there somewhere ? 
 some way to connect ? 
 there was no way of telling . 
 the fog settled in again that night as i cleaned up the kitchen and left winkler and his guests talking and laughing in the media room . 
 afterward , i went off to make my rounds in the mist . 
 the fog thickened as the night wore on , bringing up something i 'd forgotten . 
 was it a possibility , -lrb- it was , according to fiction and folklore -rrb- that vampires could turn to mist ? 
 i thought that it was likely just as ridiculous as a vampire turning into a bat . 
 it might not hurt to try , though , just for fun , since i was surrounded by mist as i walked the perimeter . 
 when it was time for my nightly break , i walked out toward the water , standing there and concentrating . 
 i know , i thought it was ridiculous , too . 
 i was ready to give up on my concentration after a couple of minutes , but that 's when i noticed the change . 
 looking down , i could no longer see my hands . 
 or my feet . 
 what the hell ? 
 that shook me a little , causing my limbs to rematerialize . 
 taking a couple of deep , calming breaths , i decided to try again . 
 i think it took roughly five minutes or so , but i felt light as a feather after that , discovering i could move around just by willing it . 
 i floated over the house . 
 man , this was something . 
 i wish i 'd known about this before . 
 i returned to the foggy beach and concentrated on becoming solid again . 
 it took another five minutes . 
 okay , not good as a weapon if you wanted to jump somebody-it took too long . 
 but if you wanted to slip inside somewhere , or had time to turn and then turn back again , it had possibilities . 
 too bad i did n't have any vamp friends with whom to discuss this . 
 or the fvm , to explain all the ramifications . 
 actually , i was too excited about the whole thing at the moment . 
 i could turn to mist and fly . 
 `` who was visiting ? '' 
 gavin finally asked as we passed on one of our rounds . 
 `` some guy named weldon harper and his son daryl , '' i said . 
 i was n't expecting his swift intake of breath . 
 `` what ? 
 who is he ? '' 
 i demanded , stopping short and staring at gavin . 
 `` it 's better that you do n't know , '' gavin replied enigmatically . 
 `` for your own safety . '' 
 `` crap , '' i mumbled . 
 `` was i in danger tonight ? '' 
 `` no more so than you usually are , '' gavin replied cryptically . 
 `` do n't ask any questions about him , lissa . 
 this is important . '' 
 he gripped my shoulder-hard . 
 `` all right , '' i huffed , pulling away from his grasp . 
 his fingers digging into my skin hurt a little . 
 we finished out our shift and i was more than glad to get a shower and climb into bed just as dawn was announcing its arrival . 
 `` are you going to cook for us tonight ? '' 
 whitney had a hopeful look in her eyes when i walked into the house the following evening . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i could run into port aransas to that little grocery store they have if you tell me what you 'd like . '' 
 `` can you make chicken and dumplings ? 
 i have n't had that in three years , '' she was pouting a little . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i just turned twenty , two months ago , '' she brightened up a little . 
 `` well then , as a belated birthday present , i 'll make chicken and dumplings for you . 
 tell winkler i went to the store , '' i said . 
 phil , glen and davis were all lounging around the kitchen and they heard me , so i guess that was good enough if she did forget to tell her brother . 
 whitney got chicken and dumplings about an hour and a half later , plus peanut butter cookies . 
 i do n't know where she or any of those men , for that matter , puts all that food . 
 they never gain an ounce . 
 i 'd gotten my meal in town , behind the post office . 
 just about anybody would have thought i was necking with the man and he certainly enjoyed it . 
 `` where are sam and todd ? '' 
 i asked while i picked up plates . 
 `` sam went home to spend a couple of days with his dad before going back to school , '' whitney grumbled . 
 `` todd works for sam 's dad , so he drove sam to his dad 's ranch . '' 
 `` that was really good , lissa , '' winkler said , changing the subject . 
 `` you 're spoiling us , '' he rubbed his stomach . 
 `` the cook we have in dallas ca n't do chicken and dumplings like that . '' 
 `` you can always look for another cook , '' i said and shut the door of the dishwasher , turning it on . 
 `` i 'm off to trot around the property . '' 
 * * * that was thursday night . 
 i was just getting out of bed friday night when davis came knocking on my door . 
 gavin was already up and not looking happy about it , i noticed . 
 he and davis were standing outside when i opened my bedroom door . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 davis was worried about something . 
 `` whitney 's gone and we ca n't find her , '' davis said , worry creasing his brow . 
 `` we found evidence that she walked out to the mailbox . 
 that 's what she told us she was going to do , but we found no trace of her when she did n't come back to the house . 
 winkler 's about to tear the place apart . 
 we 're hoping you can help us out with this . '' 
 his eyes were begging me to be able to help them out with this . 
 the truth was , i probably would n't have a better clue than they did about what had happened . 
 `` did you find the mail or anything else she might have left behind ? '' 
 `` there were a couple of flyers on the ground . 
 phil picked those up and brought them to the house , '' davis said . 
 `` but we ca n't find anything unusual about them . '' 
 `` fuck , '' i muttered , running a hand through my hair . 
 it hung three inches past my shoulders and was long enough to braid or pull up in a clip if i wanted . 
 `` let me get dressed . '' 
 i was still in my pajamas , my feet bare . 
 `` all right , but hurry it up , willya ? '' 
 davis left the guesthouse . 
 `` i suppose you 're going to wait the usual twenty-four hours before doing anything ? '' 
 i asked gavin minutes later as i hastily stuffed a foot into one of my black athletic shoes . 
 he shrugged as i ran out the door . 
 hot and cold . 
 that was gavin . 
 it made me wonder if he cared about anything . 
 the mail that phil picked up was sitting on the kitchen island , so i held it to my nose and sniffed discreetly . 
 whitney 's scent was fresh . 
 two other scents were phil and possibly the mailman . 
 winkler barreled into the room , ready to explode . 
 no way did i want to stand in front of the man when he was like this and i was a vampire . 
 `` where does sam live ? '' 
 i asked , worried that winkler might take the house and a few people apart . 
 `` you know whitney has a crush on him . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 winkler thundered . 
 `` they like each other , doofus . 
 have you checked with him ? '' 
 it was possible-he had a cell , she had a cell . 
 i assumed they 'd exchanged numbers . 
 `` probably not a good idea to call the boss doofus when he 's like this , '' davis whispered in my ear . 
 `` gotcha , '' i said , allowing davis to back me away from winkler , who now appeared to be growling . 
 `` sam lives between alice and freer , '' glen said , punching a number into his cell phone . 
 with my hearing , i could hear it ringing from where i was standing . 
 the conversation came in loud and clear , too . 
 `` hello , '' a man answered , and it was n't the sam i knew . 
 `` this is glen danford , '' glen said . 
 `` is sam jr. there ? '' 
 `` i wondered when you 'd call , '' the voice said . 
 `` i 'm afraid whitney and sam managed to get a marriage license three days ago . 
 they got married this afternoon and only called a few minutes ago to let me know . 
 they 're on their way here now . '' 
 `` oh , lord , '' i muttered . 
 winkler went crazy . 
 `` get out of the house , get out of the house , '' davis had a hard grip on my upper arm and was dragging me out the french doors and onto the deck as winkler raged inside the house . 
 `` go down the beach , go somewhere . 
 just get the hell away from here . 
 i 'll call when it 's safe , '' davis almost flung me down the steps leading to the beach . 
 i ran . 
 not as fast as i could go , mind you , but pretty fast , anyway . 
 while i ran , my brain worked furiously . 
 i figured sam might be in trouble if winkler caught up with him anytime soon . 
 sam was a good kid and i did n't want anything happening to him . 
 skidding to a stop on the sandy beach , i turned on a dime and trotted toward the garage , punching numbers into my cell phone as i went . 
 i knew sam 's last name and hoped he was listed in the phone book . 
 it took a few minutes to call information on my cell phone , since the reception on the beach sucked . 
 seconds ticked away while i waited for an answer . 
 after getting an operator , i asked if there was a listing for sam sheridan . 
 `` junior or senior ? '' 
 `` uh , senior , i guess , '' i replied . 
 `` is the address the same for both ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the operator rattled off the number and the address , which was somewhere off highway 44 . 
 i thanked the woman and hung up . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 gavin demanded when i raced inside the guesthouse to grab my purse . 
 no sense driving without a license , even if it was bogus . 
 `` to prevent a murder , i hope , '' i said and ran downstairs to the garage . 
 one of the suvs was missing ; winkler was on his way already . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 gavin was beside me in a blink . 
 `` sam and whitney got married this afternoon , '' i said , jerking the door to the cadillac open . 
 i hoped it had gas in it . 
 `` christ , '' gavin muttered , running a hand through nearly black hair . 
 `` lissa , you do n't need to get in the middle of this . '' 
 was that concern in his brown eyes ? 
 could n't be . 
 they were hooded immediately . 
 `` that kid does n't deserve to die and do n't stand there and tell me whitney did n't participate in this , '' i snapped at him . 
 he could 've volunteered to help me , but then this was gavin , the man who stood on the sidelines and watched everybody else worry . 
 `` winkler just needs to calm down enough to see sense , '' i said . 
 `` and if winkler does n't calm down , you could end up dead ! '' 
 gavin was almost shouting , now . 
 well , here was emotion-it was just the wrong kind . 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 i looked at him steadily over the car door . 
 `` i 'm already dead . '' 
 i slid into the cadillac , starting it up and driving off , leaving gavin standing in the garage , cursing loudly . 
 the cadillac had built-in gps ; i 'd never have found the place without the gadget telling me how to get there . 
 winkler , phil , glen and davis had gotten there ahead of me-i could see the suv parked in the driveway of the large farmhouse while all four of them fretted and paced behind the vehicle . 
 they never saw me as i drove slowly past the lane leading to the sheridan home . 
 i watched in shock as phil lifted up the rifle he was carrying , firing it at the house . 
 okay , things were already serious . 
 all four men ducked behind the suv when return gunfire came from the house . 
 it was time for strategy . 
 i left the car about a quarter of a mile down the road and ran back . 
 there were a few trees around the house suitable to hide my presence , so i sneaked in behind one of those . 
 the gunshots were sporadic ; i do n't think anybody wanted the police to show up . 
 there was some shouting back and forth , though , and more than a little creative cursing going on . 
 blocking all of that out of my mind , i concentrated instead on turning to mist . 
 a window on the second floor was open a couple of inches . 
 the night was nearly perfect , with a light breeze rustling the trees and the surrounding cotton crop as i misted through the small space the open window provided . 
 it would be infinitely more enjoyable if bullets were n't flying . 
 i could n't hear anybody upstairs so i floated halfway down the steps . 
 sam was there at the bottom of the landing , holding a sobbing whitney . 
 sam sr. was gripping a rifle and kneeling next to one of the front windows . 
 for a moment , flashbacks to hundreds of old westerns skipped through my mind , along with visions of gun-wielding cowboy heroes that never seemed to run out of bullets . 
 it took the full five minutes to turn back to myself and whitney almost shrieked when i slipped down the rest of the steps , coming to a stop next to her and sam . 
 `` calm down , both of you , '' i said , holding my hands out in a placating gesture . 
 sam sr. was now pointing his rifle at me , but lowered it when sam explained that i was a friend . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 whitney was still sobbing . 
 `` whitney , if we are n't careful , somebody is going to die over this , '' i told her . 
 `` maybe more than one somebody . 
 if you want to avoid that , you need to walk out of this house with me , right now . 
 your brother needs to calm down-enough that you can talk some sense to him , anyway . '' 
 i wiped tears off her face with a thumb . 
 `` you have to be the grown-up here , i think . '' 
 `` will was going to sell me to weldon harper 's son , '' whitney was back to weeping . 
 `` i do n't want him . 
 i do n't . '' 
 `` i know that , honey . 
 but you have to say that to your brother . 
 i do n't think he wants to hurt you . 
 he was shocked when he found out you cared about sam . '' 
 whitney blinked as i explained this to her and more tears fell . 
 sam was trying to get his arms around her again while sam sr. went back to his window . 
 `` will you walk out with me ? '' 
 whitney 's voice quavered . 
 she 'd made a decision . 
 `` i said i would , '' i nodded . 
 `` we 're coming out ! '' 
 i shouted , `` whitney and i ! '' 
 i was slowly opening the front door so they would n't shoot first and ask questions later . 
 i was also shielding whitney 's body with my own as much as i could . 
 i had no idea what reaction a vampire 's body would have if it sustained bullet wounds . 
 yeah , i was shaking when i walked out the door . 
 `` winkler , we 're coming out , '' i called again , watching him , phil , glen and davis closely . 
 they were all standing there , rifles at the ready , as whitney and i walked across the wide front porch and then down the steps leading to sam 's home . 
 i think we would have been all right and winkler might have calmed down as soon as he got his hands on whitney , but sam , thinking whitney was walking away from him for good , ran after us shouting her name . 
 it took every bit of speed i had to shove my body in front of his , and i felt all three bullets enter my back when they shot me . 
 chapter 8 i must have been in and out of consciousness and had no idea how i came to be where i was . 
 i thought i heard gavin shouting at one point , followed by more blackness and then horrible pain around my back , as if someone were digging around in it . 
 more yelling came , followed by something cold in my mouth and after that , nothing . 
 i was a little stiff when i woke but i did wake-alone and inside my guesthouse bedroom . 
 well , that was it for me . 
 i did n't care who it was that shot me . 
 they 'd been trying to shoot sam instead of talking about it first . 
 i did n't need this . 
 i sat up slowly , swinging my legs over the side of the bed . 
 i felt achy , experiencing a bit of sharp pain around my back . 
 vampires heal extraordinarily fast , i suppose . 
 i 'd certainly healed quickly from the burns i 'd gotten in a wheat field one fateful morning . 
 dragging myself to the closet , i pulled my bag out and with much effort and hefting , i lifted it onto the bed . 
 wishing i could move faster than the snail 's pace i was going at right then , i dumped clothing inside the suitcase , not caring if it was folded properly or not . 
 after the clothes , i tossed in my toiletries and the envelope of cash i had . 
 no way was i giving any of that back now . 
 the f ** kers had shot me . 
 i intended to call a cab on my cell phone and then throw the phone at the house as hard as i could when i left . 
 surely i could get a plane ticket-one that would land me somewhere else before dawn arrived . 
 `` what the f ** k are you doing ? '' 
 gavin was standing in my doorway , staring at my nearly packed suitcase . 
 i was tossing my bottle of shampoo in the bag when he appeared . 
 `` getting the hell out of here , '' i snapped . 
 `` no way i 'm working for somebody who 's that trigger happy . '' 
 `` and just where do you intend to go ? '' 
 gavin glared at me . 
 `` just about anywhere , '' i said . 
 `` as long as they speak english there and do n't shoot at me . '' 
 i glared right back at gavin . 
 `` lissa , listen to me . 
 you ca n't go . '' 
 i zipped my bag closed and set it on the floor . 
 `` why the hell not ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` because winkler wo n't let you , that 's why , '' gavin said . 
 `` do you think he did n't run a background check on you when you went to work for him ? 
 he 's in the security business , lissa . 
 he knows your id is fake . '' 
 he now wore a slight frown and his arms were crossed over his chest while he watched the fear come over me . 
 `` oh , dear god . '' 
 i slumped onto the bed , dropping my head in my hands . 
 `` why did he hire me , then ? '' 
 i looked up at gavin . 
 i was having trouble keeping the quaver out of my voice . 
 tears were threatening and i had no desire for gavin to see that . 
 `` because you could be useful to him and he had a way to blackmail you , did n't he ? '' 
 gavin said . 
 `` so , all he has to do if i do n't obey his every whim is threaten me ? '' 
 `` or worse . 
 do n't get me wrong , most of the time he 's a reasonable man . 
 other times , well , you know what happened last night . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 my back was throbbing from what happened last night . 
 `` is sam still alive ? '' 
 i was shivering , now . 
 `` yes . 
 very much so . 
 and still married to whitney , it seems . 
 flaring tempers almost turned that whole thing into a bloodbath last night . 
 you were the one standing in the middle of it all . '' 
 `` lucky me , '' i retorted . 
 `` i hope he never wants a meal cooked by me again . 
 the ass ** le . '' 
 `` lissa , he did n't shoot you . 
 phil did . 
 all three times . '' 
 `` great . 
 my least favorite ass ** le . '' 
 i got off the bed and paced a little , hugging myself tightly . 
 `` prick . 
 jerk . 
 motherfucker . '' 
 i was n't sure i had enough obscenities to cover what i thought of phil . 
 turning back to gavin , i examined his face . 
 it had become just as shuttered as it usually was . 
 `` why are you bothering to tell me this ? 
 why do you care ? '' 
 `` lissa , do n't . '' 
 gavin turned away from me . 
 `` so , i 'm supposed to stay and pretend nothing happened ? 
 like i was n't shot , getting his sister back for him ? 
 like i did n't stop phil from murdering sam ? 
 because that 's what happened . 
 when sam ran out the door , it was all i could do to jump in front of him before the bullets started flying . '' 
 `` i think sam 's father is grateful , '' gavin said , his back to me , still . 
 `` yeah ? 
 that does me a lot of good . '' 
 i picked up my suitcase and flung it through the closet door . 
 `` get out , '' i said . 
 `` right now , i do n't think i want to talk to anybody , including you . 
 does mr. high and mighty winkler expect me to guard the perimeter , tonight ? 
 i 'll drag myself to work if i have to . 
 and thanks for waiting to tell me he could blackmail me any damn time he wanted . 
 get out ! '' 
 i flung an arm out , knocking a vase of silk flowers off the chest beside the door . 
 that must have done it for me . 
 i threw everything i could get my hands on , smashing it against the wall . 
 some of it went through the sheetrock , i threw it so hard . 
 i was weeping and cursing while things broke inside my bedroom that night . 
 * * * `` she 's a little upset , '' gavin informed winkler . 
 `` i told her she had to stay and she started throwing things . 
 it 'll stop when she runs out of things to throw . 
 i hope you did n't have anything important in there . '' 
 `` fuck , '' winkler sighed and walked into the kitchen . 
 `` i ca n't let her go-fuck . '' 
 `` phil should stay as far away from her as he can get , '' gavin observed dryly . 
 `` you think i did n't tell him that already ? 
 i 'd be dead if not for her . 
 hell , sam or whitney might be dead if not for her . 
 and i still do n't know how she tracked those three assassins . 
 i ca n't let her go . '' 
 `` your second in command ruined this , you know . 
 now she hates you just as much as she hates him . 
 you 've seen how fiercely she protects someone she cares for . 
 you may have removed yourself from that equation . '' 
 `` i know . 
 fuck . '' 
 `` when do you expect her to go back to work ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 what is it , saturday ? '' 
 winkler was pacing in the kitchen . 
 `` yes . 
 saturday evening . '' 
 `` then put her back to work on wednesday if she 's up to it . 
 if not , let me know . 
 do you think she 'll accept payment as compensation ? '' 
 winkler looked at gavin . 
 `` i may be very wrong , but i do n't think she 'll accept anything from you right now . '' 
 `` i know that , too . '' 
 gavin let himself into the guesthouse as quietly as he could , but silence was all he heard from lissa 's bedroom until he heard the sob . 
 and it was followed by another . 
 `` no , lissa , '' gavin whispered . 
 `` no . '' 
 * * * gavin slipped a note under my door , telling me that i was n't to go back to work until wednesday . 
 great . 
 perfect . 
 i still wanted to run away , but winkler could call holy hell down on me . 
 no way could any normal person get over three gunshot wounds to the back that quickly . 
 no way . 
 he knew what i was . 
 it was likely that gavin and the others did , too . 
 fucking perfect . 
 i 'd made myself a hostage . 
 tied myself up with a ribbon and handed myself right over to them . 
 now there was n't any telling what i might be asked to do . 
 i still had one option , as painful as that might turn out to be . 
 at least i 'd be dead at the end of it and beyond their reach . 
 and i still had to feed myself , on top of it all . 
 it 's not as if you can go to the counter in 7-eleven and buy a pint of blood . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 gavin started in on me the minute i got back from having dinner . 
 `` you know what i am so i do n't have to mince words anymore , '' i snapped angrily . 
 `` i have to eat , you know . '' 
 `` lissa , there are other ways . 
 come here . 
 winkler had this brought in for you . '' 
 i did n't want to `` come here '' , but gavin repeated his request so i followed him into the kitchen . 
 he opened the refrigerator door and i stared at shelves filled with bagged blood . 
 `` money can get you anything , '' i said angrily , slamming the refrigerator door so hard it rocked a little . 
 `` do n't try to heat it , it will kill the nutrients and make you ill , '' gavin said . 
 `` you have to drink it cold . '' 
 `` so , just pour it in a glass and add a stalk of celery ? '' 
 i asked sarcastically . 
 `` if it makes you feel better , go ahead . 
 and you wo n't upset me if i see you drinking it , '' he added . 
 `` yeah , figures , '' i grumbled . 
 `` gavin-the man that nothing bothers . '' 
 `` lissa , not everyone is your enemy . '' 
 `` no ? 
 point out somebody who is n't , '' i flung out an arm as i turned and stalked back to my bedroom . 
 i ran out of books to read on sunday , so i took the keys to the cadillac . 
 somebody had found it and driven it home . 
 i did n't even ask or tell anybody where i was going , which meant there was the usual committee waiting on me when i got back . 
 `` i went to barnes and noble . 
 vampires read . 
 get over it , '' i said , holding my bag of books up when i got out of the car . 
 fortunately , phil was n't a member of the welcoming party . 
 i 'd have thrown the hardcovers at his head if he 'd been there . 
 i would n't have missed , either . 
 as it was , gavin , winkler , davis and glen were all there . 
 whitney had gone back to school-gavin said that todd had taken her to austin while sam had gone back to school in corpus christi . 
 they were going to see each other on weekends until the end of the semester . 
 sam and todd had been the bodyguards winkler had assigned to whitney , and that 's how the two had gotten together in the first place . 
 winkler might be a genius , but that did n't prevent him from having blind spots . 
 i thought about throwing books at him , too . 
 `` what will make you not angry with us ? '' 
 winkler asked as i brushed past him , heading toward the guesthouse stairs . 
 `` nothing comes to mind , '' i said and ran up the steps . 
 gavin told me later that winkler decided to stay in port aransas for a while . 
 he wanted to be closer to whitney and port a was a compromise . 
 a crew drove all his equipment down on tuesday afternoon , and then helped set it up for him in one of the extra bedrooms inside the house . 
 i also had a letter in the mail from whitney . 
 i found it on the kitchen table when i rose on wednesday . 
 `` lissa , '' the letter began , `` i am so sorry for what happened to you . 
 my brother says you wo n't even talk to him now and sam feels responsible . 
 we were so afraid will was going to send me off to daryl harper that we had to do something . 
 i should have known better . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 whitney '' i had to dig through several drawers in the guesthouse before i found paper and a pen to write an answer . 
 `` whitney , '' i wrote back , `` i would never have come after you if i had n't been scared to death that your brother was going to kill somebody . 
 i had no idea phil would turn out to be more trigger happy than your brother . 
 i ca n't say whether i appreciate it all that much or not . 
 do n't worry about me . 
 study hard . 
 i hope things work out well for you and sam-lissa . '' 
 `` here , '' i slapped the folded note in front of winkler before i went to work . 
 `` you 'd more than likely read it anyway before it got mailed so i 'm saving you the trouble of steaming it open . 
 please see that it gets to your sister . '' 
 my back ached a little as i walked the perimeter afterward . 
 i did n't speak to gavin at all while we worked and he barely looked at me when we passed one another . 
 i saw glen when he relieved us in the morning , but phil was n't anywhere around . 
 i had n't seen him since he shot me , and that was more than fine . 
 winkler was sitting on the end of my bed when i woke thursday night . 
 `` very nice , '' i said angrily . 
 `` just walk right in when i ca n't defend myself . 
 is this your way of making me feel special ? '' 
 `` lissa , i just came to apologize . 
 for everything . '' 
 winkler picked at the comforter that i 'd kicked to the foot of the bed . 
 `` no , '' he held up a hand , `` i ca n't let you go . 
 you 're important . 
 you 've done more for me in the past few weeks than most people have during years of employment . 
 i ca n't let that walk away , lissa . 
 i understand that an irresponsible vampire turned you and left you out in the cold . 
 there 's nothing i can do about that . 
 what i can offer , though , is as much safety as i can during the day when you sleep . 
 i always have guards around me , lissa , and they 'll guard you , too , just as you do me at night . '' 
 `` and just how many of them do you intend to tell about what i am ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` all of them ? 
 if so , you might as well stake me right now or cut off my head . '' 
 `` lissa , the only ones who know are the ones who are here now . 
 me , phil , glen , davis and gavin . 
 that 's it . '' 
 `` phil , '' i snorted . 
 `` did he take shooting lessons from dick cheney ? '' 
 winkler ducked his head to hide the smile . 
 `` lissa , he 's been reprimanded . '' 
 `` that ought to improve our relationship , '' i said tartly . 
 `` he 's doing his best to stay out of your way , '' winkler went on . 
 `` lissa , we miss you . 
 glen , davis and i. i ca n't speak for phil . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 i spoiled all his fun by living over it , i 'm sure . 
 who dug the bullets out , by the way ? 
 i vaguely remember somebody digging around in my back . 
 it was n't a pleasant experience . '' 
 `` gavin did that , '' winkler said , rising from my bed . 
 `` and he shouted at us the entire time . '' 
 winkler walked out of my bedroom . 
 `` fuck , '' i said and slid off the bed . 
 the waves were washing up just a few feet from where i sat on the beach , digging my toes into the sand during my break later . 
 there was the barest sliver of moon overhead , but with my enhanced eyesight , i could see clearly . 
 gavin came to sit beside me . 
 `` so , '' he said . 
 `` care to tell me now about your life before ? '' 
 `` not really , no , '' i said , refusing to look at him . 
 `` i can do research and find out for myself . '' 
 `` no doubt , '' i snapped in irritation . 
 `` actually , i already did , '' he told me . 
 `` the lissa is correct-you were lissa beth workman , who disappeared on january fourth . 
 have n't been a vampire long , have you , lissa beth ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 died on the same day as my husband , but you probably know that already , '' i said . 
 `` did you know i was a bar bet ? '' 
 `` a bar bet ? '' 
 gavin did n't understand . 
 neither did i. `` those two who turned me ? 
 i found the cocktail napkin they wrote the wager on in the cellar where i woke up . 
 one was agreeing to pay a million pounds if i took less than nine days to turn . 
 is n't that great ? 
 those two must have been a barrel of laughs . 
 and now they 're out there somewhere , searching for me so they can make me very , very , dead . 
 too bad they do n't know phil . 
 so far he and the sun in a wheat field almost did me in . '' 
 `` you were burned . '' 
 he did n't make it a question . 
 `` yeah . 
 i figure that if things become unbearable , that 's my ticket out . 
 i know how painful it is , now . 
 and how quickly it can happen . 
 i was able to dig into the ground and cover myself up in that field . 
 next time it 'll be on purpose and i 'll stand in the middle of a concrete road to do it . 
 poof . '' 
 i fluttered my fingers . 
 `` you almost sacrificed yourself to dig winkler out of that field . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 stupid , huh ? '' 
 `` lissa ? '' 
 `` what , gavin ? '' 
 i turned to look at him , then . 
 `` do n't talk about walking into the sun to me . 
 ever again . '' 
 he stood and stalked away . 
 * * * `` we 're going to the movies and that 's that . '' 
 winkler had gathered us inside the beach house . 
 phil was there but i was doing my best not to look at him . 
 why was winkler doing this to me ? 
 he did n't need more than three or four people and now he was taking glen , phil , davis , a new hire named leon , and then gavin and me . 
 `` calm down , '' gavin whispered in my ear . 
 i wanted to slug him . 
 winkler picked the film , of course . 
 we all piled into both suvs and went to the movies . 
 at least it was n't a horror flick . 
 i hate those things . 
 they sling buckets of fake blood around and slice off body parts made of animals or something . 
 i do n't find that entertaining . 
 it was an action/adventure and almost as bad-it still had fake blood and improvised body parts in it . 
 i just turned my head while that was happening . 
 gavin , who sat next to me , started stroking my spine until his fingers were at the small of my back and then he made slow circles there . 
 i shivered . 
 nobody had touched me that way in a long , long time . 
 don had heart problems and with the medication and everything , the risk was too great . 
 it had been more than seven years since i 'd had sex . 
 i missed it at first , before resigning myself to the fact that that part of my life was over . 
 gavin was trying to wake something that should be left sleeping . 
 i gently removed his hand and he did n't try again . 
 winkler wanted to eat afterward , so we ended up at outback steakhouse . 
 `` why did n't you just order an entire cow ? '' 
 i asked winkler . 
 there was enough beef on the table to assemble a cow , i figured . 
 `` can you survive on beef blood ? '' 
 phil chewed a huge chunk of steak . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 can cows have orgasms if a vampire bites them ? '' 
 gavin snickered beside me . 
 `` is that what happens ? '' 
 glen was now interested . 
 `` i leave everybody with a smile on their face , '' i said . 
 `` you 're kidding ? '' 
 davis said in disbelief . 
 `` not kidding . 
 and no , i 'm not about to let you find out in person . '' 
 `` do we need to have this discussion now ? '' 
 winkler cut into his steak . 
 `` hop along started it , '' i nodded at phil . 
 `` you know , i went to a restaurant in san francisco , once , '' i went on . 
 `` and they brought out this huge , live lobster on a tray so everybody could stare at him and decide if that 's what they wanted for dinner . 
 my husband , god rest his soul , stood up and shouted let my people go ! 
 of course the restaurant asked us to leave . '' 
 `` you were married ? '' 
 davis asked . 
 `` i was , for twenty-three years . 
 he died the same day i did . '' 
 `` i knew that already , '' winkler said . 
 `` lissa , enough , '' gavin admonished . 
 `` all right . 
 if i leave now , i can be home in a few minutes . 
 let me out , gavin . '' 
 i bumped my hip against his so he 'd let me out of the booth . 
 `` no . 
 you will sit there and be polite , '' he informed me . 
 `` i do n't know what has gotten into you . '' 
 `` me either , '' i muttered sullenly . 
 `` lissa , you should be more circumspect . 
 you never know who may be listening , '' gavin lectured me later after we drove home . 
 `` i know , '' i mumbled , ashamed . 
 `` it 's just that there has n't been anyone to talk to about any of this , nobody to tell me what 's right or wrong and i 've had to hold it inside me all this time . 
 it has n't been easy and there are still times i want to scream my lungs out because i 'm so angry . 
 i did n't ask for this , gavin . 
 and now , my brother-in-law and his wife have everything that was mine that i worked for-everything i put together and held together , even when my husband was too sick to work anymore . 
 i 'm here because winkler still wants to use me , there are two out there who want to kill me , possibly three-phil would still like to take me down , i figure . 
 i have nobody who wants to be friends because they like me or anything . 
 i 'm a useful tool , gavin . 
 that 's what i am . '' 
 he did n't say anything or argue with any of my statements . 
 swell . 
 i walked away from him to make my rounds . 
 any other guard would need a flashlight to do what i did . 
 i did n't need one . 
 useful tool , indeed . 
 * * * `` you can not allow this ! '' 
 gavin was shouting again . 
 `` it 's already done , '' winkler said , resignation in his voice . 
 `` he called this morning . 
 the arrangements have already been made . 
 she 'll be back in two weeks . '' 
 `` tell me why you agreed to this . '' 
 gavin was growling , now . 
 `` i do n't have a choice . 
 i take orders from him , in a manner of speaking . 
 i have to abide by that . '' 
 `` this is untenable , '' gavin stalked out the french doors . 
 `` lissa , winkler wants to see you , '' gavin announced when he walked inside the guesthouse . 
 * * * `` what does he want ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` cookies ? '' 
 `` i wish it were cookies , '' he said . 
 `` go . 
 find out for yourself . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked , the minute i made my way inside the beach house . 
 winkler was sitting at the kitchen table when i walked in . 
 he looked a little rumpled , to be honest . 
 `` lissa let me start out by saying that if i had a choice in the matter , i would have said no . 
 as it is , weldon harper is an important man and i have to follow his orders . 
 he will be flying you to north dakota where he lives and you will provide security for him as a personal bodyguard . 
 you must do this , lissa . 
 you must guard him and his son , if he desires , as zealously as you ever guarded whitney or me . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` does he know about me ? '' 
 i swallowed nervously . 
 `` he knows . 
 he knew when he was here . 
 he has n't become powerful by being stupid , lissa . 
 we will ship blood with you . 
 if you run out , he will provide for you . 
 all right ? '' 
 `` no , it 's not all right , '' i huffed . 
 `` but since you 're pulling the strings attached to your little vampire puppet , i suppose i have to go . '' 
 `` lissa , you know that 's not what you are , '' winkler raked fingers through his hair . 
 he was sitting at the table near the kitchen and turned his dark eyes up to me . 
 `` life is n't fair , lissa . 
 ever . 
 do i wish it were better for you ? 
 yes . 
 i do . 
 but wishes do n't go very far , do they ? '' 
 `` where and when ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he 'd given his permission . 
 i had to go . 
 `` i have to take you to the airport tomorrow evening . 
 the private jet will fly you to grand forks . 
 someone will be there to pick you up . '' 
 `` fine , '' i grumbled and walked away . 
 * * * `` honored one , they are sending her to act as bodyguard to weldon harper . 
 i know you recognize that name . 
 she called herself a puppet to the secondary . 
 he disagreed with her but that statement is not far from the mark . 
 things should have been different for her . 
 she should have had a solicitous sire . 
 she has nothing . 
 she might count the taking of her life in the end as a blessing . 
 g. '' * * * `` lissa , he said only two weeks . 
 that 's not forever , '' winkler told me as i jerked my rolling bag across airport tarmac . 
 winkler walked beside me , carrying a second bag as we made our way toward his private jet . 
 i was getting the whole thing to myself this time , except for the pilot and co-pilot . 
 he 'd also loaded me up with more clothing , including a warm coat-the weather in north dakota was still cold and unpredictable . 
 `` why should you justify yourself to me ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 i was owned and i knew it . 
 `` lissa , '' i held myself stiffly as he pulled me into his arms and held me , kissing the top of my head . 
 `` lissa , do n't . 
 just go . '' 
 he turned me loose and pointed me toward the jet . 
 i carried my own bags up the steps . 
 they were as light as a feather to my vampire strength . 
 the co-pilot shut the door behind me and we took off shortly after that . 
 daryl harper was there to meet me when the plane landed , and there was snow on the ground so i needed the coat . 
 not because i was truly cold , but because i would stand out . 
 i shrugged into it . 
 driving north out of grand forks , daryl turned west onto a gravel road after a while and then traveled another ten or fifteen miles . 
 we were in the middle of nowhere when we stopped , except for the huge log house that stood there . 
 smoke curled up from the chimney , giving off the smell of a fragrant wood fire inside . 
 daryl and i had n't talked much on the trip . 
 i 'd considered asking questions about the scenery and the nearby cities before thinking better of it . 
 why the hell did they need a bodyguard ? 
 were they getting attacked by grizzlies ? 
 `` dad ? '' 
 daryl called , the minute we stepped inside the house . 
 at least it was warm inside and well insulated . 
 weldon harper came out of the kitchen , a cup of coffee in his hands . 
 `` here 's the little vampire , now , '' he said . 
 i wanted to tell him that not long ago i 'd been human and had n't believed vampires existed . 
 now i was getting the second-class citizen treatment . 
 `` yes . 
 your vampire is here . 
 at your service , and all that . 
 last time i cooked for you . 
 what do you want now ? '' 
 `` gets right to the point , '' weldon nodded at me . 
 `` we 're having a meeting of sorts in a couple of days . 
 there 'll be lots of people here , setting up tents and the like right outside . 
 you and daryl will be going out with me . 
 you only at night , of course , just to be an extra set of eyes and ears and to help out if somebody decides they want a piece of me . '' 
 `` you think that might be an issue ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they 're your guests . '' 
 `` yes . 
 they are , are n't they ? '' 
 weldon smiled at me . 
 daryl showed me to a bedroom . 
 the windows had been boarded up and heavy curtains hung over them . 
 at least they 'd made preparations for a vampire to sleep there . 
 daryl also brought in a mini-fridge along with my cooler of blood . 
 i immediately transferred the blood over to the fridge . 
 no sense wasting the stuff-there was n't a plethora of warm bodies walking around to feed from if it became necessary . 
 the bedroom was a twelve by twelve square with a single bed , a nightstand and a chair plus a small closet off in the corner adjacent to the door . 
 the nearest bathroom was down the hall and i figured we were too far away from civilization to have city water and sewer . 
 it had to be on a well and a septic tank . 
 the bed was covered by a hand-made quilt in creams , browns and yellows , sewn in a fan pattern . 
 a hand-woven navajo rug covered the wood floor at the side of the bed and there was a deer 's head hanging on the wall . 
 ugh . 
 i still had some books to read from my last visit to the bookstore . 
 pulling one out of my suitcase after unpacking everything else , i settled down to read . 
 weldon and daryl went to bed around three ; i heard them padding down the hall at the time . 
 nothing disturbed us during the night-i was reading with one ear open and never heard anything other than the wind and perhaps a coyote or two . 
 beds do n't matter much to me anymore . 
 not to sleep in , anyway . 
 dawn comes and i 'm unconscious , it 's as simple as that . 
 no way to tell then if the mattress is lumpy or if the pillow 's too thin . 
 there was n't a lock on my bedroom door , either . 
 nothing to keep anybody from walking right in and shoving a stake through my heart , or to stop them from carrying me out to the bright sunlight and dumping me in the yard just to watch me burn . 
 yeah , i 'm full of cheerful thoughts , nowadays . 
 `` look who 's up . '' 
 weldon sounded almost happy as i came out of my bedroom for the first time in sixteen hours . 
 `` you 're not one of those triple-p persons , are you ? '' 
 i frowned at him . 
 `` triple-p ? '' 
 `` perpetually perky people . 
 they make me want to tear my hair out . 
 i 've worked with five during my lifetime . 
 i 'm pretty sure they ought to pass a law against them or something . '' 
 weldon grinned . 
 `` i 'd ask if you wanted coffee , but i know better , '' he said . 
 `` good . 
 i 'm going out for a bit , '' i said , pulling on my coat . 
 `` it 's snowing a little , '' daryl was shoving a huge log into the fireplace . 
 actually , i was wondering if i 'd freeze if i turned to mist while the temperature was freezing . 
 maybe i 'd give it a try . 
 i 'd thaw in the spring , just in time to get fried by spring sunshine . 
 `` i 'm still going out . 
 need any trees uprooted or anything ? '' 
 `` she 's funny , '' weldon said , pointing at me with his coffee cup . 
 fat flakes of snow were falling when i stepped outside the door and it was cold , no doubt about that . 
 i heard water running off in the distance and i figured there was a river nearby . 
 i took off in that direction . 
 the banks of the red river -lrb- not to be confused with the red river that separates texas and oklahoma , this was the red river north -rrb- had some ice around the edges , but the middle was a strong flowing current when i found it . 
 that 's where i concentrated on turning to mist . 
 i did n't freeze . 
 who knew ? 
 i floated over the tops of trees , saw the log home off in the distance and then the river , winding its way toward canada . 
 the night was still and cold while snowflakes continued to fall around me . 
 honestly , if there 'd been a good supply of blood nearby , i might have considered settling there , it was so peaceful . 
 far off to the south , i could see the lights of grand forks . 
 i did n't turn back to myself until i was around a hundred yards from the cabin , kicking the snow off my shoes before going inside . 
 i 'd only been gone about an hour or so . 
 `` i do n't suppose you 'd consider making cookies or a pie or something ? '' 
 daryl looked a bit wistful . 
 `` what do you have to cook with ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he 'd get cookies if he had the right ingredients . 
 he had n't done anything -lrb- yet -rrb- to piss me off . 
 daryl led me into the kitchen . 
 at least it looked like it belonged in the twentieth century . 
 maybe not the twenty-first , but we were in the middle of nowhere . 
 i found sugar , both white and brown , butter and flour . 
 somebody knew how to shop for groceries , here . 
 winkler ? 
 i think he 'd have problems recognizing a loaf of bread . 
 `` do you have peanut butter ? '' 
 i asked , digging through a cabinet . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 daryl found a large jar inside a cabinet . 
 `` do you like peanut butter cookies ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he was smiling . 
 `` good . 
 we 'll have that . '' 
 daryl sat down at the small table inside the kitchen and watched while i put his peanut butter cookies together . 
 i heard weldon inside a room not far away , talking on the phone . 
 i did n't listen in . 
 daryl was busy eating a plate full of peanut butter cookies when weldon emerged . 
 he grabbed a handful for himself and poured out a glass of milk to go with them . 
 `` i heard you wo n't cook for winkler anymore , '' weldon said . 
 `` well , phil shot me in the back and then winkler blackmailed me . 
 go figure , '' i said , wiping my hands on a kitchen towel . 
 i 'd just finished washing the dishes by hand . 
 no dishwasher here , thank you very much . 
 `` you do n't have legitimate id , '' weldon reminded me . 
 `` even if i did still have my own license , the photograph does n't look like me anymore . 
 not even a good facelift would accomplish what happened to me . 
 besides , the ass ** les who turned me stole my purse . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 go off to the police and say hi , i 'm a new vampire . 
 can you please help get my purse back from the two vampires who killed me ? '' 
 `` i have absolutely no advice for a new vampire , '' weldon said . 
 `` sorry . 
 you have n't lost your talent in the kitchen , though . '' 
 he stuffed another cookie in his mouth . 
 `` that 's me . 
 old stand in front of you and take bullets and then whip out a batch of cookies lissa . 
 what can i say ? 
 i 'm multi-talented . '' 
 `` that was winkler on the phone earlier , asking how you were , '' weldon informed me . 
 `` i asked him if he wanted to talk to you . 
 he sounded like you might not be willing . '' 
 `` he might be right , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm going to go read , now . 
 let me know if you need something guarded or bigfoot tracked . '' 
 i went off to my room . 
 `` for a leech , she 's really pretty , dad , '' daryl said . 
 i heard him all the way through my bedroom door . 
 chapter 9 people started arriving before dawn the following morning , driving vans , suvs , trucks , rvs and rental cars . 
 one vehicle had tires on it taller than i was . 
 eventually i stood in weldon 's front yard and watched all of them drive through , stopping in this spot or that and either hauling out a tent or going outside briefly to relieve themselves before climbing back into their van or whatever . 
 weldon came out a little while before sunrise with a cup of coffee in his hands to watch with me . 
 `` must be some meeting , '' i said , as more vehicles drove past . 
 it looked like most of weldon 's guests were male . 
 `` it is , '' he nodded , sipping from his coffee cup . 
 `` be ready to work when you get up later . '' 
 `` oh , sure . 
 do i have to watch all of them take a piss ? '' 
 `` not unless you want to , or i tell you to . '' 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` well , have fun . '' 
 i patted his arm and went inside so the sun would n't catch me again . 
 * * * winkler prepared me for the great outdoors before i left corpus christi . 
 i was now the proud owner of hiking boots in a chocolate brown and i wore them now , along with jeans , a sweater , and my down jacket . 
 the murmurs started as soon as weldon , daryl and i walked through the sea of tents . 
 campfires were going almost everywhere and people were eating , talking , laughing , grumbling , and as soon as i walked past them , whispering . 
 about me . 
 somehow , the moment i came anywhere near them , they knew what i was . 
 i heard everything from vamp to leech , and quite a few other derogatory terms that i did n't recognize . 
 if i 'd been able to flush , i would have . 
 i suppose i no longer had the blood supply or the circulation to do it . 
 again , the missing fvm came to mind . 
 `` do they think i do n't hear ? '' 
 i asked daryl , after hearing f ** king vampire for perhaps the fiftieth time . 
 `` they do n't have enough experience around your kind , '' daryl replied softly . 
 `` they 're not getting cookies , '' i snipped . 
 daryl chuckled . 
 there had to be at least five hundred people there , perhaps more , making the area surrounding weldon 's cabin extremely crowded . 
 `` grand master , i 'm the packmaster from des moines , '' a man came forward and offered his hand to weldon . 
 `` the one who took corwin down ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 weldon took the man 's hand and shook it . 
 `` i liked corwin , he was very effective , '' weldon said . 
 `` see that you do justice to his pack . '' 
 `` yes , grand master , '' the man almost bowed and got the hell out of the way . 
 my head was spinning suddenly and my suspicions were confirmed when a huge wolf bounded past . 
 `` fuck , '' i muttered . 
 here i was , surrounded by something else that i 'd thought myth-werewolves . 
 and not only that , i was serving as bodyguard to the f ** king grand master . 
 how lucky was i ? 
 winkler , phil , davis and glen ? 
 all had to be werewolves , too . 
 and whitney . 
 and sam . 
 and who knew who else ? 
 was that what gavin was ? 
 is that how they could tell what i was ? 
 by the smell ? 
 `` jesus christ , '' i said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 daryl jerked to a halt beside me . 
 `` nothing . 
 winkler 's a dead man , '' i said . 
 `` dad might object to that . 
 winkler 's the dallas packmaster , you know . 
 and phil 's his second . '' 
 `` they may both be dead , '' i retorted . 
 `` your dad can object all he wants . 
 is winkler coming , too ? '' 
 `` no , he and dad had their meeting when we were in corpus christi , '' daryl said . 
 weldon was greeting other werewolves and ignoring us . 
 i was dutifully glancing around us , watching for anything suspicious while daryl and i talked . 
 we walked through the whole , huge camp that night-weldon talking to this one or that , seeing old friends and new faces . 
 i continued to hear the comments regarding his vampire bodyguard , but i tuned them out after a while . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 challenge five hundred werewolves ? 
 no wonder phil always smelled like a wet dog . 
 that 's exactly what he was . 
 winkler had a different smell to him , as did davis and glen , but i always thought it was the differences in people . 
 come to think of it , gavin did n't smell like any of them . 
 he just smelled good to me and i could n't explain it . 
 weldon settled down at a campfire after a while to have coffee and a sandwich with somebody while daryl and i stood guard . 
 the man weldon was eating with looked old ; he had gray in his hair while everyone else i 'd seen looked younger . 
 except for this man , nobody looked more than forty . 
 `` that 's thomas williams , '' daryl whispered to me after a while . 
 `` he 's the oldest packmaster we have . 
 dad figures he 'll get challenged before next year 's meet , so this is a goodbye meeting . '' 
 `` dear god , '' i muttered while scanning our surroundings . 
 `` how old is he ? '' 
 `` almost two hundred , '' daryl said . 
 `` usually they do n't live past a hundred and fifty-as a packmaster , anyway , '' he added . 
 `` we can live to around two-ten , two-fifteen , otherwise . '' 
 i did n't want to ask him what the life expectancy of a grand master was . 
 no way . 
 we made it back to the house about an hour before dawn . 
 weldon had called in some other security and now there were two new werewolves waiting beside the door . 
 `` this is emmett and this is kipp , '' weldon introduced the two dark-haired werewolves . 
 `` from the fargo pack . 
 they 'll be extra daytime security . '' 
 `` do n't call her a leech or you wo n't get cookies , '' daryl offered . 
 `` she makes good cookies , '' weldon agreed . 
 emmett and kipp stayed outside , weldon , daryl and i went inside . 
 `` we 'll be having a hunt in two days , '' weldon informed me before i headed off to bed . 
 `` it 's a way to blow off steam before the meetings begin . 
 daryl will be running with me , so you can stay here and bake cookies or do whatever you want , '' he grinned . 
 `` emmett and kipp will guard the house . '' 
 `` watch out , bambi , '' i said dryly . 
 `` exactly , '' weldon laughed . 
 emmett and kipp got chocolate chip cookies before we went out on patrol the following evening-somebody had made a run to the store . 
 the kitchen was filled with all kinds of food and the fridge was stocked up , too . 
 weldon placed six cookies in a sandwich bag and took them with him . 
 i 'd made a double batch since i knew weldon and daryl could polish off a batch by themselves . 
 weldon stopped by a tent and handed the cookies off to a man there . 
 well , werewolf would be a better description . 
 `` you learned to bake ? '' 
 the werewolf teased weldon as he accepted the bag . 
 he had dark hair , brown eyes and an easy smile . 
 `` nope . 
 lissa here baked them . 
 do n't worry , daryl and i have already eaten a dozen apiece . 
 they 're safe . '' 
 `` a vampire that knows how to bake and is willing to do so ? '' 
 the man was smiling at me . 
 `` hey , i 've only been vampire for less than three months . 
 i 've been baking cookies for thirty years . '' 
 i probably should n't have opened my mouth , but i did . 
 `` lissa , this is martin walters , the fresno packmaster , '' weldon introduced me . 
 martin walters held out his hand first , so i took it and shook . 
 `` nice to meet you , '' i said . 
 he bit into a cookie . 
 `` these are good , '' he nodded at me . 
 `` want to sit ? '' 
 he turned to weldon and pulled out a campstool for the grand master . 
 weldon sat . 
 emmett and kipp left us after a while . 
 they needed to sleep-they 'd been guarding all day . 
 it was daryl 's and my turn , now . 
 another werewolf walked up , causing daryl to growl low in his throat . 
 `` just passing by , '' the man held up his hands and went on his way . 
 `` look out for that one , '' daryl told me as i watched the man walk away . 
 i would . 
 i had his scent , now . 
 `` what 's the deal ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that 's lester briggs . 
 he opposed dad when he and the head of the vampire council hammered out the peace agreement between the vamps and the wolves . 
 it 's been in place for about twenty years , now . 
 before , it was all-out war . 
 some of the wolves do n't like the peace-they still want to kill you guys . 
 the truth is , we were headed for extinction , vampires and werewolves . 
 our numbers are down to about a third of what they were before . 
 the peace is going to allow everybody to rebuild the races . '' 
 `` holy cow , '' i said . 
 `` was it really that bad ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` daryl , how old are you ? '' 
 he looked to me like he was in his twenties . 
 `` forty-eight , '' he grinned . 
 `` geez louise , you 're older than i am , but not by much , '' i said . 
 `` dad told me you were forty-seven , '' daryl said quietly . 
 `` here comes bart orford , he 's one of lester 's supporters and runs the wichita pack . 
 lester is the santa fe packmaster . '' 
 `` did you say there 's a vampire council ? '' 
 `` based in london , but they have eyes and ears everywhere , '' daryl shivered a little . 
 `` and they have enforcers and assassins . 
 if any vampire gets out of line or goes rogue , they do n't last long . '' 
 great . 
 something else to worry over . 
 i made a mental note to ask daryl later if he could tell me what constituted a rogue or what stepping out of line entailed . 
 the terms enforcer and assassin were n't something that set my mind at ease , actually . 
 weldon talked to martin walters for about an hour and had coffee and cookies with him before getting up to go pay other visits . 
 again , we walked until close to dawn and stopped many times , just like the night before . 
 i noticed that we did n't stop to talk to lester briggs or bart orford , although we passed both their rvs . 
 i saw somebody in lester 's vehicle peeking out the window as we went by . 
 `` you know , daryl , '' i said when we 'd walked maybe five minutes after passing the rvs , `` i want to check something . 
 give me a minute , will you ? '' 
 weldon had found someone else to talk to , so daryl just nodded . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' i said , taking off to the left and going through rows of tents . 
 daryl might fidget before i got back , but i wanted to make sure there was n't any funny business going on . 
 finding a tree in a dark area , i went up it in a flash and turned to mist as quickly as i could . 
 someday i was going to have to time myself , just to see how long it took . 
 i misted to the two rvs , hovering around them and listening . 
 `` they 'll expect us to raise the question , '' i heard someone say . 
 `` during the meeting , '' somebody else agreed . 
 `` i think we 've got enough support , do n't you ? '' 
 `` we will have . '' 
 that was the most i got and it was pretty inane , actually . 
 i figured they wanted to raise the whole issue of the peace agreement and whether enough of the werewolves wanted it or not . 
 i had no idea if this was a democracy or even something close . 
 i also did n't figure daryl or weldon would be happy to answer my questions about werewolf politics . 
 i misted back to the tree , turned to myself and went to find daryl . 
 `` anything worthwhile ? '' 
 daryl asked when i got back . 
 weldon was still at the same spot , talking . 
 `` they were just saying they intended to raise the question during the meeting and that they thought they were going to have enough support . '' 
 daryl sniffed . 
 `` no way . 
 at least two thirds of the packmasters are on dad 's side . 
 the peace is stable . 
 on the vamps ' side as well . '' 
 `` good . 
 we do n't need war to break out again , just as i 'm surrounded by five hundred werewolves . '' 
 daryl grinned over that . 
 `` who 'd make cookies ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` not me , if they rip me to shreds , '' i replied with a shrug . 
 we made it to the house before dawn and emmett and kipp were yawning and having coffee when we walked up . 
 not wasting any time , i went straight to my bedroom , grabbed my pajamas and the robe winkler had bought for me and went to get a shower before i passed out . 
 emmett and kipp were the only ones around when i got up the evening of the hunt . 
 i 'd had my blood already ; it was impossible for me to finish off a pint . 
 usually i got about two-thirds of one down and put the rest back in the fridge . 
 my skin was prickling for some reason when i walked into the living area and i could n't really say why . 
 `` have they started the hunt ? '' 
 i asked emmett , who 'd come in to warm up , leaving kipp alone outside for a couple of minutes . 
 `` not yet , they 're probably out there disrobing and seeing who has the biggest dick , '' emmett laughed . 
 `` these hunts are all about power . 
 when a normal pack hunts on the full moon , we just dump our clothes as fast as possible and start running . 
 when we force the change to hunt , it 's all a show . '' 
 `` you all get naked together ? '' 
 i was blinking in astonishment at emmett . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's not a big deal if it 's the full moon . 
 we have to make the change and we 're itching to do it . 
 we do n't even look at the females if there are any . 
 i heard females are kind of scarce in the vamp community , too . '' 
 `` well , who knows about that ? '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` do you know where they 're going ? '' 
 `` east of here is all i know . 
 me ? 
 i would n't want in on that for a truckload of money . 
 sometimes they get so involved in showing each other up that they come back injured . 
 all of them want to be the one to bring down the deer or the bear or whatever . '' 
 i was still blinking up at emmett . 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` i think i 'll go out for some air . 
 do n't wait up . '' 
 `` just be careful , '' he said . 
 `` oh , i intend to , '' i replied , walking out the door . 
 turning to mist a few minutes later , i sailed high over the treetops until i found the multitude of werewolves , all disrobing and placing their clothing into piles . 
 i sure hoped they were going to be able to sort it all out later . 
 weldon and daryl were there at the front and i did n't see a flabby body anywhere in the crowd . 
 looks like the wolves get plenty of exercise . 
 they must have an outrageous metabolism , too , to be able to eat like they do . 
 i hovered around a stand of pines waiting for things to get started , trying to pick lester and bart out of the crowd . 
 i could n't really see them and after a while , it would n't have mattered anyway . 
 the werewolves started to change and it went in a huge ripple . 
 one minute there 'd be a man standing there , the next a huge wolf . 
 there was an ocean of black , gray and russet-colored fur across the clearing . 
 weldon , who was a huge black wolf , lifted his head and howled . 
 the entire sea of werewolves took off at a run . 
 weldon did n't know it , but i misted over him and daryl that night as they ran at the head of what was likely the biggest pack ever . 
 they scented something after a while and went after it , scrambling over rocks , around felled trees , forcing their way through snowdrifts and wading through small streams . 
 they have stamina , that 's for sure . 
 weldon and daryl were ahead of the pack by several seconds when they shifted direction , veering away from a stand of trees and following whatever scent they 'd picked up , i suppose . 
 from my high vantage point , i saw about twenty others separate from the pack and cut across a second stand of trees in an effort to meet up with weldon . 
 at least that 's what i thought they intended to do . 
 i was very wrong . 
 weldon was running all out , daryl at his tail , when a large wolf from the breakaway group ran right into him , bowling him over . 
 you know , sometimes i wonder why i do n't have any good sense . 
 more than likely , i should have just let things go . 
 but i could n't . 
 weldon had n't mistreated me . 
 in fact , he 'd been pretty civil-nice , even . 
 call me an idiot-i was calling myself one . 
 i dived downward at an angle and was almost fully turned by the time i hit the ground . 
 daryl and weldon were fighting for their lives-snapping , snarling and biting . 
 they had three wolves down already and those three were n't getting up again . 
 there were still seventeen to be reckoned with and they were all trying to rush weldon and his son at once . 
 i wondered where the rest of the pack was . 
 turning my head , i saw them , all sitting off in the distance like they were waiting for the outcome . 
 that pissed me off . 
 nobody was helping and there were more than enough to help . 
 i waded into the pack of slavering wolves that was attacking weldon and daryl . 
 i ca n't say how many bites i got getting to weldon , but it was a few . 
 i was smashing ribs and breaking necks as i went through those wolves . 
 some of them i flung so far into the surrounding field they landed with a yelp and did n't get up again . 
 weldon and daryl were still fighting when we got down to about three of the attackers . 
 those three backed off a little . 
 weldon was still growling at them and daryl was doing the same . 
 i thought it was over . 
 it should have been over . 
 except that it was n't . 
 another ten werewolves separated from the larger pack , approaching the three of us . 
 the three wolves that had backed off circled around to join the ten new ones . 
 time for a new strategy . 
 weldon had a deep gash on his left hip ; somebody had done his best to rip the grand master 's leg off . 
 he was the main target , so that left daryl in better shape . 
 `` daryl , '' i said , looking down into his golden wolf eyes , `` when i get your dad , i want you to run as fast as you can right into that inert pile of shit that looks like a pack , over there , '' i nodded toward the main body of werewolves that seemed content to do nothing . 
 `` if some of these shitheads follow you in , it 'll turn into a free-for-all . 
 at least some of the others might get pissed and start fighting and you could get lost in the scuffle . '' 
 `` weldon , '' i turned to the grand master of the werewolves who was bleeding sluggishly from the hip wound , `` i 'm sorry to treat the grand master this way , but right now i do n't think there 's any help for it . '' 
 i lifted his wolf body up and flung him over my shoulder . 
 he was n't heavy to me , just bulky , and i hoped that his body would n't get in my way when i ran . 
 i was about to see if a vampire could outrun a werewolf . 
 i took off in a blur and most of the thirteen came after me . 
 i was jumping over logs , across streams , running up boulders , through outcroppings and wading through snow faster than even i thought possible . 
 weldon was grunting after a while and somewhere , i could n't really tell you where , he turned into a man . 
 i now gripped a naked man over my shoulders and i was running out of steam . 
 the bites i 'd gotten were burning almost as badly as the burns from the sun . 
 i was going to have to stop soon and rest a little . 
 i did n't want to set weldon down anywhere ; the wolves chasing us would be able to pick up his scent . 
 at the moment , they were only following mine . 
 we reached a stand of trees when the idea hit me . 
 `` weldon , are you still alive ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 i could hear the wolves following us off in the distance . 
 `` i 'm good , '' he mumbled . 
 `` great . 
 hang on , we 're going vertical . '' 
 it was difficult , climbing a tall pine tree with a fully-grown man over my shoulder , but i did it . 
 i hope i never have to do it again . 
 `` you think you can hold on here so i can lead them away ? '' 
 weldon had his arm wrapped around the trunk of the tree and his skin appeared a little gray as he sat there on the rough bark of a thick tree limb . 
 his hip was still bloody although it did seem to have stopped bleeding . 
 haggard best described how weldon looked as he shuddered slightly and gripped the trunk of the pine . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' he murmured , staring at me with those black eyes of his . 
 he was a handsome man , even wounded . 
 `` good , because i 'm getting down , now . 
 hopefully they 'll chase after me , thinking i 've still got you . 
 stay quiet , alright ? '' 
 weldon was about twenty feet above the ground in a huge pine and pretty well hidden . 
 i just hoped his scent would n't drift to the ground . 
 `` you do n't have to tell me to be quiet , '' he grimaced . 
 i climbed down quickly , landing at the spot where i 'd started climbing . 
 scuffling around a little , i took off running again-the wolves had almost caught up with me while i 'd gotten weldon settled in the tree . 
 i found the river after running for nearly half an hour . 
 not knowing how long those wolves could run or track me , i gambled a little more . 
 they 'd followed me without stopping at weldon 's tree , after all . 
 i waded into the ice-coated edge of the river , hoping to make my pursuers think i 'd gone into the frigid water . 
 standing there in the bone-freezing river , i shivered and turned my body to mist . 
 the point of the river where i turned to mist had to be at least ten miles from where i 'd left weldon , but as mist i can move as fast as my mind can , almost , and i was back at his tree in no time . 
 he was still sitting there on his limb , his body covered with bites and rips , his eyes closed in pain and breathing with difficulty . 
 `` did you think i would n't come back for you ? '' 
 i asked softly , materializing on the limb next to his . 
 `` and since i 'll never have grandkids , '' i grunted as i hefted him over my shoulder again , preparing to make the descent , `` you 'll have to tell yours about how you got rescued from a tree by a cookie baking vampire . '' 
 coming down with him was a lot slower than going up but i managed it , loping off toward the cabin as soon as i hit the ground . 
 weldon grunted painfully from his spot over my shoulder , so i apologized to him for making the trip so rough . 
 we made it back to emmett and kipp about half an hour later . 
 i was wiped and weldon was n't in any shape to do anything except get medical attention . 
 `` get him in bed and clean up those wounds , '' i ordered the two werewolves , who stood staring at both of us as if we were a bad dream come to life . 
 i wished i knew if daryl were still alive , but there was n't any way i could go and check . 
 unfortunately , my nightmare was only beginning . 
 emmett and kipp hauled weldon into his bedroom and started working on him . 
 it looked like they knew basic first aid , at least . 
 i figured they knew better than i did what a werewolf might need , so i started to go into the bathroom and clean out my own bites . 
 that 's when i heard the howling . 
 somebody , i had no idea who , was heading toward the cabin and he did n't sound friendly . 
 i made my stand at the front door of weldon 's log house . 
 i 'd quickly piled as many thick logs from the woodpile in front of the door as i could , but that would n't keep attackers from going through the windows . 
 all that stood between what was coming and the three werewolves inside the house was me . 
 sending up a silent prayer , i dumped my down jacket off to the side so i 'd have freedom of movement , rolled up the sleeves to my sweater and watched the pack of fifteen come after me at a run . 
 chapter 10 they hit me like a storm and again i was punching and breaking , tossing and fighting . 
 there were so many bites after a while-so much of my flesh ripped away-i did n't know what was left of my body . 
 i 'd managed to take down nine of them but there were six left and they were still coming after me . 
 i do n't know how much longer i might have been able to stand and take the beating before they took me down when daryl , martin walters and thomas williams showed up . 
 daryl still had some fight left in him , thank goodness , and martin was ripping into the enemy so viciously i knew right away how he kept his spot as packmaster . 
 thomas williams was putting everything he had into the fight ; he managed to take down two of the attackers before one of the remaining wolves ripped out his throat . 
 martin managed to get that one while daryl took down the last wolf . 
 my clothes were in shreds and my breathing shallow and labored as i slumped down before the pile of logs i 'd placed in front of the door . 
 my body felt as if acid had been poured over it and i was nearly numb from the pain . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 that was daryl 's first word . 
 `` inside . 
 emmett and kipp working on him , '' i wheezed . 
 martin moved me to the side and he and daryl removed the logs so they could get into the house . 
 i was left sitting in front of the cabin , a bloody mess and unable to move . 
 * * * `` werewolf saliva has this effect on vampires , '' i heard the words from a strange voice and scent . 
 i did n't know where i was ; everything looked dark to me . 
 and the pain ? 
 my body was on fire . 
 `` surprised she 's not dead yet , '' another fragment floated past . 
 i wanted to know if weldon was all right , but that thought , along with my consciousness , drifted away . 
 i woke up a little when they moved me and somebody was dripping blood from a bag into my mouth . 
 `` go ahead and swallow , '' a voice urged . 
 i wanted to cry but there was n't anything left in my body to produce tears . 
 i wanted to move , but my body felt paralyzed . 
 the pain was n't going away . 
 i wished i was dead and then remembered that i already was . 
 `` she 's opening her eyes , '' someone said . 
 my ears felt like they were stuffed with cotton , deadening the sound . 
 i blinked , there was light , but i could n't bring anything into focus . 
 `` lissa ? 
 can you hear me ? '' 
 i thought it might be daryl , but i did n't know for sure . 
 blackness came again . 
 * * * daryl carried lissa up the steps to winkler 's jet . 
 he was flying back with her and turning her over to winkler . 
 what was left of her , anyway . 
 weldon had been stiff for a few days but held the meetings as if nothing had happened , although he did cut them short by three days . 
 lester , bart , and about thirty-five others had died in the attempted coup , including thomas williams , who 'd fought and died to keep weldon alive . 
 weldon buried thomas on his north dakota property , and many of the werewolves carried large stones from the river to cover his grave . 
 weldon gave the eulogy , naming thomas a hero . 
 lissa , though , she probably was n't going to make it . 
 at least that 's what the werewolf physician said when they brought him in from chicago . 
 winkler demanded that she be brought back to texas . 
 if she were dying then he 'd see to her comfort beforehand . 
 weldon did n't want to move her , told winkler that he 'd see to her and he and winkler held a shouting match over the phone . 
 winkler won out eventually , sending his jet to pick her up . 
 martin walters sat down at lissa 's bedside before she was taken away and took her hand . 
 `` i wanted to explain to you , before they took you away , '' he said softly . 
 `` thomas and i came to help there at the last , because we have children . 
 thomas 's kids are grown , but mine-i have a daughter who 's four and a son who is two . 
 i did n't want them growing up in a world where they have to watch their backs if they smell vampire . 
 none of us kept the peace the other night . 
 you did . '' 
 martin patted her hand and stood up to go . 
 `` lissa , i wish you 'd wake up , '' daryl whispered softly in her ear as he settled her into the seat and buckled the seatbelt around her . 
 winkler was growling when daryl came off the plane carrying lissa 's body wrapped in a blanket . 
 `` you have to be careful , the wounds drip fluid and wo n't heal , '' daryl said , handing the bundle over to winkler . 
 gavin stood off to the side , an unreadable expression on his face . 
 `` what the hell did they do to her ? '' 
 winkler asked , finally controlling his anger . 
 `` the doc says that werewolf bites do this to vampires , '' daryl said . 
 `` their skin tries to heal itself , locking the saliva inside . 
 it acts as a poison in their system . 
 it should have been cleaned out right away and it was n't . 
 she has bites and rips everywhere . 
 i know dad told you she saved him , but she killed herself doing it . 
 she accounted for at least twenty of the thirty-seven who tried to take dad down . '' 
 the night sky was overcast as davis drove winkler and gavin back to the beach house . 
 winkler held onto lissa the entire way , growling at the others if they got too close and he and gavin lifted the blanket from lissa 's body when they got her inside . 
 winkler carried her into the main house instead of her guesthouse bedroom and made sure the room was as dark as he could make it . 
 `` what did they do to you ? '' 
 winkler said as he and gavin pulled the blanket away . 
 they 'd dressed lissa in some sort of loose gown to send her back and it was soaked in a yellowish fluid . 
 gavin felt ill , staring at the weeping wounds . 
 `` send somebody out to buy as many bottles of peroxide as they can find , '' gavin turned to davis and glen , who were peeking over winkler 's shoulder . 
 `` how many do you need ? '' 
 davis asked . 
 `` enough to fill a bathtub to about six inches , at least , '' gavin said . 
 `` and buy scrubbing brushes . 
 the stiffer the brush , the better . '' 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 winkler looked at gavin . 
 `` attempt to do what those fools should have done to start with . 
 all those bites need to be reopened and cleaned out . 
 she wo n't survive like this and that 's the only chance we have . 
 if it kills her , well , she 'd die anyway . '' 
 gavin looked both angry and determined . 
 `` christ , '' winkler muttered . 
 `` all right , '' he waved at davis and glen . 
 `` go clean out everybody 's supply of peroxide and get back here as quick as you can . '' 
 davis and glen took off . 
 every pharmacy , grocery and discount store had their shelves emptied of peroxide that night . 
 davis and glen had to make four trips to the car to bring it all in . 
 gavin made sure the bathtub was watertight before pouring the peroxide into it . 
 `` this is going to hurt , '' he told the unconscious lissa . 
 `` i apologize beforehand . '' 
 `` she looks like shit , '' phil stuck his head inside the bathroom door . 
 `` and you may , too , if you do n't get the hell out of here , '' winkler was up and growling . 
 phil disappeared . 
 gavin started on lissa 's legs first , scrubbing with one of several brushes that davis and glen had bought and rinsing the scrubbed skin often . 
 when he made his way to her thighs , she started whimpering . 
 `` just hold on , baby , '' winkler was kneeling at one end of the tub , stroking lissa 's hair . 
 gavin worked on her throughout the night , getting the last bit of skin on top of her head shortly before dawn . 
 lissa moaned and thrashed while he did her ribs and the area around her br ** sts . 
 winkler was crooning to her when that happened . 
 gavin let the peroxide run out of the tub afterward and then bathed her carefully , using the mildest soap he could find . 
 `` there , now , '' winkler had lissa out of the tub and wrapped in a towel as soon as the bath was over . 
 leaving her naked , they placed her in the bed and covered her up . 
 `` now , we wait , '' gavin said , rolling shirtsleeves down his arms . 
 `` do n't disturb her during the day . 
 her body has to heal if it can . 
 if not , well , '' he did n't finish the sentence . 
 * * * they told me later that i 'd been unconscious for nearly two weeks , and that gavin had scrubbed out the saliva that my body was attempting to lock inside skin and tissue . 
 if i had known how toxic werewolf saliva was , i might not have stood there and fought with them on that cold north dakota night . 
 but what 's done is done . 
 there 's no way to take it back , now . 
 what i did know , for the first time in days , was whose arms were around me when i woke up completely . 
 it was his arms , and his scent , and he left me as soon as he knew i was waking . 
 gavin . 
 i was stiff , too . 
 stiffer than my arthritis had ever made me . 
 gavin had already gone out the door to start work that night , so i limped and scuffled my way down the steps of the guesthouse . 
 i did n't know then that i had slept for three days and nights inside the beach house before gavin talked winkler into placing me inside my bedroom . 
 someone had also unpacked my clothing , washed what needed washing and folded and hung all of it . 
 my suitcases were empty and inside my closet . 
 `` you should have called us , someone would have come to get you , '' winkler was frowning as i walked through the french doors . 
 `` i need to get myself around , '' i said , my voice sounding as rough as sandpaper . 
 `` sit down , '' winkler pulled a chair out for me at the dining table . 
 he 'd been having a sandwich when i walked in . 
 `` all right , '' i heaved myself into the chair , sighing heavily when i stopped forcing myself to move . 
 `` daryl 's coming tomorrow just to see for himself and to take a report to the grand master , '' winkler watched my face . 
 i 'd seen it myself just a few minutes before when i 'd painfully showered and combed out my hair . 
 there were red lines everywhere , covering my body , top to bottom . 
 there were even telltale indentations in my scalp , indicating the bites i 'd gotten there . 
 `` i want to send a message to thomas williams ' children , if they 're still alive , '' i rasped . 
 `` you met thomas ? '' 
 winkler sounded surprised . 
 `` i watched him die , '' i said . 
 `` that last batch of werewolves would have killed me if daryl , martin walters and thomas williams had n't shown up . 
 thomas was killed after taking two of them down . 
 and if it 's possible , i 'd like to send a thank you to martin as well . '' 
 `` i think that can be arranged , '' winkler told me . 
 `` thomas ' son is packmaster now . 
 he was thomas ' second and has successfully fought off the challenge . '' 
 `` he was probably pissed . 
 i know i would be . '' 
 winkler left for a few minutes , going to the bedroom he used as his workspace and coming back carrying a laptop . 
 `` you know how to use a computer ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i just glared at him . 
 thomas williams junior 's e-mail address was already pulled up , the cursor blinking , waiting for me to write a message . 
 my brain had slowed along with my body , so it took a while to think of something to write . 
 this is what i wrote : i am sorry for your loss . 
 i had the privilege of fighting alongside your father , as well as the sadness of watching him die . 
 he killed two packmasters before a third took him down and he died with more than dignity . 
 he died for your future and the future of every werewolf child . 
 it is my hope that you honor him and remind your pack how fortunate they were to have him as a leader . 
 i wish you fond memories and brighter days . 
 - lissa . 
 winkler was reading over my shoulder as i typed and he did n't object when i hit send . 
 then i wrote the note to martin walters after winkler pulled up his e-mail address . 
 mr. walters , i thank you for your timely rescue and for your words afterward . 
 i was barely conscious when you said them and in much pain , but i appreciate them more for those very reasons . 
 it is my hope that your children truly do grow up in a world where there is no danger from the source you mentioned . 
 every child should have the opportunity to grow and prosper in a hate-free environment . 
 my best wishes go out to you for your continued health and well-being . 
 - lissa . 
 `` i think you missed your calling as a diplomat , '' winkler said after i hit send on the second message . 
 `` i have some questions for you , '' i told winkler . 
 he sat down beside me after returning his laptop to the bedroom , his dark eyes focused on my face . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` daryl said something about a vampire council , '' i said . 
 `` and he mentioned enforcers and assassins . 
 he talked a little about rogue vampires , winkler . 
 what constitutes a rogue ? 
 what happens to them ? '' 
 winkler looked more uncomfortable than i 'd ever seen him look . 
 `` lissa , i really do n't want to answer those questions , '' he said , raking fingers through his hair and then covering his face briefly with both hands . 
 `` i think you owe me those answers . 
 or the grand master does . '' 
 `` yes , we both owe you those answers . '' 
 winkler removed his hands and studied my face before answering . 
 `` every vampire that is successfully turned is registered with the council by their sire , and their sire teaches them for a period of five years before they are considered a separate entity , able to go out and thrive on their own . '' 
 winkler watched me carefully as i digested this information . 
 `` until that five year period is over , the sire is held responsible for his child 's actions , '' he added , gauging my reaction to his words . 
 `` and if the sire , '' i pronounced the word with distaste , `` fails to register his child ? '' 
 `` if the council learns of it , they bring the sire in on charges and the child is considered rogue in most cases . 
 perhaps if the child is captured quickly , and fostered out with another vampire ... '' my heart no longer beats , so it can not increase its pace . 
 what happens to me when i become terrified is this : my skin quivers-over my entire body , almost . 
 this time , in addition to the quivering , i wanted to cry . 
 `` how quickly is quickly ? '' 
 my voice was quavering , too . 
 `` perhaps a day or two . 
 the new vampire will be feeding off the population , with no instruction or training . 
 many of the newly turned , or so i have heard , kill their donors if they are not taught to take blood properly . 
 the killing of humans threatens the exposure of the race , just as it is with the wolves . 
 in both cases the killers are deemed rogue and someone is sent to destroy them . '' 
 `` i 'm a rogue . '' 
 i got up from my seat and wobbled toward the french doors . 
 winkler did n't try to follow me . 
 `` i did n't kill any of the ones i fed from , but i guess that does n't make a difference , does it ? '' 
 i put my hand on the door handle and walked out of the beach house . 
 it was hard , but i managed to drag myself to the top of the guesthouse , which was taller than the beach house by at least six feet . 
 the same word kept slowly revolving in my brain-rogue . 
 i was a rogue . 
 did the council know about me , yet ? 
 were ed and serge still out there , desperate to find me so they would n't be brought in on charges ? 
 i wondered what their punishment would be for the charges brought against them . 
 more needed information from the missing fvm . 
 `` little girl , what are you doing on top of this roof ? '' 
 gavin seated himself beside me . 
 i had n't even heard him make the climb . 
 `` what are you doing on top of this roof ? '' 
 i asked coolly . 
 if i 'd wanted company i 'd have asked for it , but i did n't tell him that . 
 `` i asked you first . '' 
 `` well , if you must know , i 'm wallowing in self-pity . 
 there . 
 happy now ? '' 
 i kept my eyes straight ahead , watching the waxing gibbous moon rise over the gulf waters . 
 another full moon would come soon . 
 it made me wonder if winkler and his bunch would run with the corpus christi pack or fly back to dallas for the evening . 
 shirley walker was the packmaster here in corpus christi . 
 i 'd seen her at the meeting in north dakota ; we just pretended we did n't know each other . 
 i also recalled that she had n't come to the grand master 's defense . 
 `` how are you feeling , other than sorry for yourself ? '' 
 gavin asked . 
 `` are you asking out of politeness or because you want to know ? '' 
 i answered his question with one of my own . 
 `` you 're prickly tonight , '' he said . 
 `` winkler just informed me that according to his knowledge of vampire law , i 'm a rogue . 
 how about that ? 
 i 'm entitled to a little self-pity . '' 
 `` winkler is a werewolf . 
 and while he may be better versed than the average werewolf in the racial laws and politics of the vampire race , he may not know everything . '' 
 `` honey , i wish i believed that , '' i muttered . 
 `` and i 'm stiff all over , thank you for asking . '' 
 `` it may take a while for the poison to completely leave your system , '' gavin rose and stretched a little . 
 `` i must go back to work . '' 
 he walked over to the side of the roof and let himself down to the stair rail below . 
 * * * `` honored one , the grand master lives because of her efforts , although she was poisoned by the bites of many in his defense . 
 i can only imagine that she is a formidable fighter already , as i was told she took down at least twenty packmasters , receiving grievous wounds in the process . 
 only now is she making a recovery , which is practically a miracle . 
 g '' * * * `` lissa , this is kathy jo greene . '' 
 winkler brought the woman into the guesthouse the following evening . 
 she was a werewolf ; i could now tell the subtle differences between a human and a werewolf in human form by scent . 
 `` i 'm a nurse at the hospital in corpus , '' kathy jo approached and held out her hand . 
 she was around five-six and slender , with long , straight dark hair . 
 she was pretty , too . 
 i shook her hand , wondering why winkler had brought her in . 
 `` kathy jo knows how to give massages , '' winkler was grinning at me , answering my silent question . 
 `` you 're moving pretty stiff there , so we thought we 'd see if a massage helped . '' 
 i wanted to roll my eyes but thought better of it . 
 kathy jo did n't deserve my sarcasm . 
 i did n't even know her yet . 
 she had lotion and a variety of massage oils in the bag she 'd brought with her and asked me to get undressed . 
 `` winkler , '' i nodded toward the door . 
 `` i saw every bit of what you have already , '' he was still grinning . 
 `` i was n't awake to lodge a protest when you saw it , '' i pointed out . 
 `` werewolves lose their modesty pretty fast , '' kathy jo informed me as she pushed me toward the bed . 
 `` now get undressed . '' 
 `` not a werewolf , and i 'm sure you noticed that already , '' i said . 
 the good news was that my red lines were fading to pale pink now and barely visible . 
 i was hoping they 'd disappear , at least before the council 's enforcers or assassins came to call . 
 i wanted to look my best when i died for the last time . 
 `` i did notice . 
 does n't bother me a bit , '' kathy jo smiled . 
 `` i met some very nice vampires about three years ago . 
 worked with them a little , too . 
 you do n't scare me . 
 besides , winkler told me you almost made the ultimate sacrifice for the grand master . 
 i do n't know of any other vampire who 'd do that . '' 
 i was hoping fervently that she did n't correspond daily with any of those vampires or i was dead meat . 
 or ash , or whatever it was i 'd be when the council got done with me . 
 `` your secret 's safe , '' winkler assured me as kathy jo pulled my top over my head . 
 `` your body is somewhat the same , but your cells are denser and more closely packed so your skin is harder to pierce , '' kathy jo informed me as she rubbed knots and sore muscles . 
 `` i 'm hoping that by stimulating the muscles , the poison still in your system will drain out of it faster . 
 someone told me that your body reacts to werewolf saliva in the same way that a human body produces histamines in reaction to something it 's allergic to . 
 did you know that your tears-a vampire 's tears , that is , are almost clear blood serum and not water ? '' 
 `` wow , '' i said . 
 `` a vampire 's tears would likely taste good to another vampire , '' she told me . 
 `` good information to have , '' i said , my voice a little wobbly as she worked on my shoulders . 
 winkler leaned against the wall while i received my massage , apparently enjoying the show . 
 i did feel better after kathy jo was done with me and i thanked her for the help . 
 what i did n't know was that daryl had arrived and was waiting inside the beach house for winkler and me . 
 kathy jo came in with us so she was introduced to daryl . 
 if i 'd ever seen a case of love at first sight , i think i saw it then . 
 daryl was fawning all over kathy jo , who i learned was a widow . 
 her husband had been killed three years earlier , after they 'd been married six months . 
 i knew that pain , all right . 
 daryl looked me over , seemed quite happy with my apparent health and promptly took kathy jo out to dinner . 
 `` well , there you go , '' winkler muttered as daryl and kathy jo walked out the door together . 
 `` shirley was all over the males down here , forcing them to back off so kathy jo could make up her mind on her next mate . 
 and there i thought daryl and whitney would be good together . '' 
 `` daryl 's too old for whitney , '' i looked at winkler . 
 `` she 's still young and she needs that youth that sam has . '' 
 `` do you know how old i am ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes searching my face . 
 `` no . 
 daryl told me he was forty-eight . '' 
 `` i 'm eighty-four , '' winkler said , shocking me a little . 
 `` whitney was a late-life baby for my mother . 
 my father was the dallas packmaster before me . 
 do you know what that means ? '' 
 i went perfectly still . 
 the term challenge came to me then and i knew this was going to be bad . 
 `` you had to challenge your own father ? '' 
 my voice was barely a whisper . 
 `` he demanded it , '' winkler paced a little , his hands doing a nervous rake through his hair . 
 `` and he did n't even fight that hard . 
 he was old-nearly a hundred and sixty and that 's old for a packmaster . 
 phil was just about to challenge him and dad was worried about whitney and me . 
 my baby sister was eleven at the time . 
 we were all concerned that phil would take her if he took the pack . 
 i was n't about to let that happen so i took down my own father . 
 mom killed herself three days later with a bottle of pills . '' 
 `` geez , winkler , that 's awful , '' i said . 
 `` sit down honey . 
 maybe you should have gotten kathy jo to give you that rub instead of me . '' 
 i almost had to push winkler into a seat at the breakfast table . 
 `` lissa , i know i have you over a barrel , not only because you do n't have legitimate id but now you know i could turn you over to the council at any time . '' 
 winkler stared up at me . 
 `` the truth is , you 're the best thing that 's happened around here in a long while . 
 phil 's a devoted second now , just as he was for dad . 
 and davis and glen would make good seconds in any pack . 
 phil would have taken over , lissa , if you had n't found me in the wheat field that night . 
 i would have run out of air . 
 the kidnappers drugged me when they caught me-shot me with a tranquilizer that would have brought down an elephant . 
 werewolf metabolism is fast so the drug did n't kill me , but lack of air would have . 
 phil would be in charge of the dallas pack and he would have forced whitney to marry him . 
 it would be his right as packmaster . '' 
 `` winkler , look at me , '' i sat back down , taking his hand . 
 `` phil does n't need to be in charge of anything . 
 there 's something wrong with him and i 'm not saying that because he shot me in the back three times . 
 i thought that before then . 
 and i would have killed him myself before i 'd let him have whitney . '' 
 winkler blinked a few times before nodding-he appreciated the fact that i 'd have protected his sister . 
 but winkler was werewolf , through and through . 
 `` phil has been a good second , lissa , '' he defended phil for that . 
 `` i disciplined him after he shot you while trying to hit sam . 
 he expected the discipline and accepted it . 
 that whole incident was too soon after the full moon . 
 our tempers and emotions flare that entire week . '' 
 `` must be hard to deal with , at times , '' i said . 
 `` it is . 
 we do n't schedule anything important during that week if we can help it . '' 
 `` it was quite the surprise when i figured out what all of you were , '' i muttered . 
 `` and right in the middle of five hundred werewolves on top of that . 
 daryl thought it was funny . '' 
 `` lissa , i 'm sorry we put you through that . 
 but weldon harper is still alive , thanks to you . '' 
 `` yeah , how about that , '' i said . 
 `` it 's not every day i carry naked men up and down tall pines , just so we can avoid a pack of rabid wolves . '' 
 `` is that what you did ? '' 
 winkler laughed . 
 `` yeah . 
 when i carried him down to get him home , i told him he was obligated to tell his grandchildren how he was rescued from a tree by a cookie baking vampire . '' 
 `` you know , most vampires i 've met are secretive and reserved and i 've yet to meet one with a sense of humor , except for you . 
 maybe it 's good that you 're rogue , lissa . 
 they did n't spoil you . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 that 's me all right . 
 lissa hood , the outlaw vampire . '' 
 `` are you still mad at me ? '' 
 he asked , more seriously . 
 `` a little . 
 maybe more than a little . 
 too many people knew things and they were n't sharing . 
 i 've made this up as i went along . 
 if i 'd known what werewolf saliva would do to me , i might not have fought so hard to stay alive . 
 that was worse than burning in the sun after i dug you out of that field . '' 
 `` lissa , i 'm sorry , '' winkler took my hand that covered his and kissed it . 
 `` do n't be sorry . 
 i think i 've been sorry enough for both of us . 
 self-pity is now a regular destination , '' i said , taking my hand back . 
 `` i do n't expect you to go back to work until you feel like it , '' winkler said , lifting his arms over his head and stretching a little . 
 `` leon 's helping gavin at night and james is holding the fort in oklahoma city , still . 
 both are werewolves , in case you did n't know . '' 
 `` i figured it out , '' i shrugged . 
 `` i think i 'd like to go into corpus christi tomorrow evening . 
 i need more books , '' i said . 
 `` and i 'd like to go by myself . 
 do n't worry ; your little puppet should be safe . '' 
 `` lissa , i wish you 'd stop calling yourself that . '' 
 `` what else should i call myself ? 
 willing captive ? 
 voluntary suicide ? 
 the stupid twit who 's waiting for the vampire council to catch up with her ? '' 
 `` you 're not stupid , lissa . 
 do n't say that to me again . '' 
 `` you and gavin . 
 ` do n't walk into the sun , lissa . 
 do n't call yourself stupid , lissa ' . '' 
 i mimicked both of them as i walked out the french doors . 
 * * * i had a pile of books on the cafe table inside barnes and noble , sipping hot tea and flipping through some of the hardcovers to make sure i really wanted to buy them . 
 the weather was a little stormy outside , too . 
 it was the eleventh of april , prime time for unstable conditions . 
 the cadillac was sitting in the parking lot so i hoped it would n't hail and dent it up . 
 spring weather in tornado alley is always unpredictable-it 's just a fact of life . 
 `` mind if i sit ? '' 
 a man walked up with a stack of books in his arms . 
 all the other tables were taken so i slid my books out of the way to give him space . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'll be right back , i need coffee , '' he said and went off to stand in line at the counter . 
 he was back in less than five minutes , sitting down and doing the same thing i was doing-flipping through his books to see if he wanted them . 
 i sipped my tea while i kept going through my books , reading beginnings as well as the flaps in some cases . 
 money deserts me swiftly inside a bookstore if i 'm not careful . 
 `` i read that one , '' the man pointed at the front of my book . 
 `` it was so good i read it twice . '' 
 `` wow . 
 that 's a recommendation , '' i said . 
 `` do you read this author ? '' 
 `` no , not normally , '' he told me . 
 `` i think i 've read one other by her . 
 i liked it , too . '' 
 `` i 'll give it a try , '' i said , putting it in the keep pile . 
 `` do you live here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm a temporary resident , '' i said . 
 i was n't sure i wanted to get sucked into a conversation with this guy , even though he was attractive . 
 he was also young-looked to be around thirty-five or so and that was n't a plus in my book . 
 `` i 'm just here for vacation , '' he said . 
 `` i took a whole six weeks . 
 actually , my boss made me use some of my time since i had too much vacation built up . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 what do you do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i work for the government , '' he said . 
 `` my boss thinks i 'm about to get burned out so he sent me out the door and told me not to come back for six weeks . '' 
 `` and what did you think about that ? '' 
 i could n't help it ; i was beginning to like this man . 
 `` i think i called him a name , '' he said as he sipped his coffee with a smile . 
 `` oops . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 so here i am . 
 forced vacation . '' 
 `` poor thing . '' 
 `` am i whining ? '' 
 `` i think i like it , '' i said , smiling for the first time in days . 
 `` you 're welcome to whine back if you feel like it , '' he said . 
 `` any chance i might run into you on the beach sometime in the next few weeks ? '' 
 `` probably not . 
 i work nights and sleep days , '' i said . 
 `` a night job ? '' 
 `` security , '' i said . 
 `` you know-the kind that carries flashlights . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` tony hancock , '' he held out his hand . 
 `` lissa haddon , '' i took his hand and shook . 
 `` lissa ? 
 for real ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 everybody thinks its melissa , but it 's not . 
 i blame my parents . '' 
 `` mine almost named me john hancock instead of tony hancock . '' 
 he had dimples . 
 i love dimples . 
 he also had black hair and grey eyes . 
 i usually did n't see that combination outside of irish actors . 
 `` having john hancock for a name might be unconstitutional , '' i said , grinning helplessly at tony . 
 `` nah , i think they made an amendment , '' he replied . 
 `` you know , it 's nice when the entire country goes out of its way for you . '' 
 `` you know it . 
 and my boss did n't even fire me , when i called him a dick . '' 
 `` and his name 's not richard , is it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it is n't . '' 
 `` he must like you , '' i said . 
 i was smiling again . 
 the most i 'd smiled in a long time . 
 his eyes were almost dancing with humor . 
 `` he says he does n't , but then i do n't get fired , so what do you make of that ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i think he likes you , or your work , or both , '' i said . 
 `` and he 's a liar on top of that . '' 
 tony laughed out loud . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's pay for our books and then go find a drink somewhere . '' 
 `` you 're kidding ? '' 
 `` not . 
 come on . '' 
 he had my arm in his hand , almost dragging me toward the register . 
 he 'd picked up my books , too . 
 `` your car or mine ? '' 
 he asked after we 'd paid . 
 `` the last time i picked up a male , he stabbed me , '' i said . 
 `` so you drive . 
 that way i can slap a knot on your head if you get out of hand . '' 
 `` fair enough . 
 if i ask , will you slap a knot anyway ? '' 
 `` no , and do n't misbehave , i do n't want to hit you . '' 
 `` did somebody really stab you ? '' 
 he was serious , suddenly . 
 `` yes , he did . 
 i threw him out of the car and had to go get the wound cleaned out . 
 that was n't fun . '' 
 we walked toward his rental . 
 the weather had let up and the clouds were blowing away as tony unlocked the doors of his compact suv . 
 he even opened the door for me . 
 the rental was nearly new and smelled it as i slid inside and buckled up . 
 `` there 's a bar and restaurant in port aransas , are you hungry ? '' 
 he asked , sliding into the driver 's seat . 
 `` no , not really , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll just have a drink . 
 you can eat if you want . '' 
 `` good enough , '' tony said and off we went . 
 the restaurant was called victoria 's . 
 it had a nice bar and tables lined up along wide , plate glass windows overlooking the water . 
 boats were coming in and going out , although it was long past nightfall . 
 port aransas is a sleepy fishing village most of the time ; it just turns into a mecca for college kids on summer weekends and during spring break . 
 tony ordered fish caught locally , along with a pile of coleslaw and french-fries . 
 i asked for a bloody mary while he had a beer . 
 `` so , you do security ? '' 
 he asked while he ate . 
 `` yeah . 
 patrol the building , secure the perimeter , boring stuff . '' 
 `` ever have any excitement ? '' 
 `` not since two guards got fired for having sex on the job . '' 
 tony laughed again . 
 `` i do n't think i 've ever run into that one before . 
 have you ever gotten hurt , doing what you do ? '' 
 `` only when i was moonlighting , '' i said . 
 i did n't want to go into detail with that . 
 that was dangerous territory . 
 `` where are you from , since this is vacation ? '' 
 `` virginia , '' he said . 
 `` i know , i 'm a long way from home , but somebody told me florida would be coast to coast college kids when i left and recommended this place as a little quieter . '' 
 `` it is , unless you go down by the main beach , '' i said . 
 `` are you staying in town or farther down the beach ? '' 
 `` staying at the aransas queen , '' he said . 
 that was a condo about half a mile from winkler 's beach house . 
 it was one of the nicer ones on the beach , too . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's nice , '' he said . 
 the waiter came by and tony asked for a club soda . 
 `` driving , you know , '' he told the young man , who asked if i wanted another bloody mary . 
 `` no , i 'll take a club soda , too , with lime , please . '' 
 `` i do n't suppose you 'd be interested in coming by my place for a while ? '' 
 tony asked as we walked out of the restaurant later . 
 `` not tonight , '' i said . 
 i figured gavin and winkler would be having a cow as it was . 
 i should n't have to answer to either one of them for every minute of my time , but that 's how things were . 
 tony drove me back to the cadillac . 
 barnes and noble had been closed for nearly half an hour by that time and they stay open late . 
 `` nice car , '' he said when we pulled up . 
 `` it 's not mine , it 's borrowed , '' i said . 
 `` can i get a kiss or do you not do that on a first date ? '' 
 tony was smiling as he opened my door . 
 `` is this a date ? 
 good lord , i had no idea . '' 
 i patted his cheek . 
 `` maybe next time . 
 i did enjoy it , though . 
 i do n't think i 've laughed in a while , '' i told him . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , '' he said , leaning in faster than i expected and kissing me anyway . 
 it was n't forced , he only kissed me lightly , but i was still shocked . 
 i had n't kissed any man except don -lrb- aside from the quick peck i 'd gotten from winkler at a basketball game -rrb- for more than twenty-three years and did n't really know what to do . 
 tony did n't push it ; he just took my keys , opened the cadillac for me and got me inside . 
 `` here 's my card and this is my cell number , '' he pulled a pen out of a pocket and wrote a number on the back of the card . 
 `` now , i 'll wait until you get away , '' he said , closing my door . 
 i started the car and pulled away , leaving him standing in the parking lot , staring after me . 
 i did n't look at his card until i got back to the beach house and parked the cadillac in the garage . 
 the hair almost stood up on my head when i did look . 
 it read anthony hancock , director , joint nsa and homeland security departments , listing an address in washington , d.c. `` holy f ** k , '' i muttered , shoving the card in my jeans pocket . 
 clutching my bag of books , i left the garage and trotted up the guesthouse stairs . 
 chapter 11 the shower felt good . 
 i felt guilty about washing tony 's scent off my body , but there was n't any way i wanted a nosy werewolf asking if i 'd been meeting somebody . 
 and i liked tony . 
 even if he might be bigger and badder than some of the werewolves i knew . 
 freaking nsa and homeland security . 
 crap . 
 if he was the director , who the hell was his boss ? 
 i was brushing my teeth when gavin walked in . 
 `` i just wanted to make sure you got back , '' he said . 
 he could tell just by checking if the cadillac was in the garage , but i was n't going to point that out to him . 
 i wiped my mouth with a towel and looked at him instead . 
 `` i got some good books , i think . 
 you might want to borrow one of them . 
 it 's by that author you like . '' 
 `` which one ? '' 
 `` conner phelps . '' 
 `` i 'll borrow it , '' he nodded . 
 `` what did you do tonight , little vampire ? '' 
 `` i had a drink with a man . 
 i did n't bite him and he managed to kiss me once , despite my best efforts . '' 
 i was n't about to lie . 
 why should he care what i did ? 
 `` and i do n't know how i feel about being called little vampire . 
 that has n't been part of my life for very long . 
 it does n't define me , i do n't think . 
 is that what you think ? 
 that 's all i am ? 
 a bloodsucker ? '' 
 `` it was n't my intention to upset you , '' he said . 
 `` did you enjoy your time with this man ? '' 
 gavin leaned his shoulder comfortably against my bathroom door . 
 `` he made me laugh . 
 i have n't done that in a long time , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll likely never see him again . 
 is it wrong to want to feel normal , now and then ? 
 you know what i was afraid of , tonight , when i went out for drinks ? 
 that you and winkler would ask for an accounting of my time . 
 is that any way to live ? 
 i used to have a life . 
 i used to get to make decisions for myself . '' 
 i tossed my hand towel onto the sink . 
 `` i have tomorrow off . 
 perhaps you will come out with me , '' he said , shocking the hell out of me . 
 `` where were you thinking about going ? 
 i do n't do tractor pulls or greyhound races . '' 
 that seemed to encompass the local offerings . 
 besides movies and dinner , that is . 
 `` little girl , i do not do either of those things . '' 
 gavin actually smiled at me . 
 that might have been as rare as a blue moon . 
 * * * the pink top was sleeveless silk and fit like a glove . 
 it was also one of those that came to the top of your pants or skirt , as long as you were standing upright and perfectly still . 
 otherwise , it showed the barest hint of midriff , now and then . 
 i 'd never worn it or the short , black skirt . 
 i wore both for my outing with gavin , thinking i must be out of my mind to accept his invitation . 
 i also had low heels i had n't worn before , bought in a moment of weakness at the mall in oklahoma city . 
 my feet did n't bother me anymore so i could wear heels as much as i liked . 
 that in itself was a blessing . 
 my hair was french braided again , too . 
 still no jewelry , though . 
 i did n't want to spend any money on it-who knew if i 'd need the cash i had for something desperate someday ? 
 gavin wore a suit , something i had n't seen him in until then and he wore it as if he were used to it . 
 he looked really good in it , too . 
 the white of his shirt contrasted with his skin color , which was several shades darker than mine-like he had european roots or something . 
 `` you look quite nice , '' he said as we walked down the steps to the guesthouse together . 
 `` you still have n't told me where we 're going , '' i said . 
 `` it will be a surprise , '' he said , handing me into the passenger seat of one of the suvs . 
 it certainly was a surprise ; gavin took me to a wedding reception . 
 `` do you know the couple ? '' 
 i asked as we pulled into the parking lot of a nice hotel . 
 `` i do not , '' he said . 
 `` you have no idea how difficult it is to find a place to dance in this city . 
 that sort of thing does n't exist as a regular venue . 
 therefore , we are attending a reception where there is a live band . '' 
 gavin likes to dance . 
 no way would i have ever guessed that in a million years . 
 no way . 
 i was glad i had heels on since he 's so much taller than i am . 
 he dances well and leads nicely . 
 we toasted the bride and groom with champagne , just like everyone else and the last dance we danced before gavin pulled me away was to the dream , one of david sanborn 's best pieces . 
 the band had a great saxophone player and he did a wonderful job . 
 gavin pulled me close against him as the music wound its way through the ballroom . 
 when i stole a glance at gavin 's face , his eyes were closed and my hand was held tightly inside his , snug against his chest . 
 gavin loaded me into the suv as the reception was breaking up , and took me driving . 
 we ended up at a park ranger 's station where we had to pay to drive onto padre island national seashore . 
 the truck went into four-wheel drive and we drove down the wild , natural beach for nearly an hour , leaving everyone and everything behind . 
 gavin parked the truck on the sand , slipped his suit coat off , rolled up his shirtsleeves and then removed his shoes and socks . 
 we were getting out . 
 i slipped my shoes off too and opened my door . 
 the water was beautiful-washing up there on the beach in the moonlight . 
 the moon was close to full and cast a nice trail over the gulf . 
 `` come , '' he said and lifted me onto the hood of the suv before hopping up to sit beside me . 
 `` i only got to see the ocean a few times in my life , '' i said , `` before now . '' 
 `` your husband was ill , was n't he ? '' 
 `` he was . 
 he was born with a heart defect and had problems all his life . 
 that 's not what killed him , though , '' i said . 
 `` i investigated that . 
 he died of complications from a procedure . '' 
 `` yes , he did . 
 i went to a bar to get drunk for the first time in my life when they turned off the machines . 
 and here i am , a bloodsucking vampire . '' 
 `` lissa , as you told me quite eloquently last evening , that does not define what you are . '' 
 `` i do n't feel like that 's what i am . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i miss the sunlight , gavin . 
 those bright , sunny days with fluffy clouds floating in a blue sky . 
 i can only see that in movies and photographs , now . 
 and food ? 
 i used to love to eat . 
 that 's why i 'm a good cook . 
 no way was i going to waste something by cooking it badly . '' 
 i swung my legs out in front of me , over the side of the hood . 
 `` you have beautiful ankles , '' gavin said . 
 that stopped me in my tracks . 
 nobody had ever looked at my ankles before . 
 `` i think i 'll take a walk , now , '' i said , slipping off the suv . 
 `` i made you uncomfortable , '' gavin was beside me in seconds . 
 `` nobody ever found anything about me attractive , before , '' i said . 
 `` so it 's just a shock , that 's all . '' 
 there were a few jellyfish washed up on the beach , so we stepped around them . 
 `` is there anything you like about being vampire ? '' 
 gavin asked as we walked . 
 the sand was soft under my feet-i was digging my toes into it from time to time . 
 `` i like not having to go to the bathroom , '' i said . 
 that made him laugh . 
 `` of all things , to pick that one , '' he squeezed my shoulders . 
 `` you have to admit that you never have to leave a movie in the middle , just to run down the hall , '' i said . 
 `` that 's definitely a plus . 
 i like the way i can smell things , now . 
 like winkler 's scent . 
 that 's what i was depending on when i went looking for him the night he was kidnapped . 
 it was just a fluke that i found the jaguar instead . 
 i definitely smelled the decay around the truck those kidnappers used . 
 i got the scent off the dead security guard . 
 it was all over the truck . 
 that 's how i knew it was the right one . 
 and then i recognized the scent of two of those men when they came out of the restaurant . 
 their smell was inside the jaguar . '' 
 `` you have a sensitive nose , then , '' gavin said . 
 he still had an arm draped loosely over my shoulder . 
 `` if i 'd known those schmucks were werewolves , i would have forced them to go with me when i went looking for winkler that night . 
 we might have found him sooner . 
 but i was afraid to give myself away . '' 
 `` you must always protect yourself , no matter what , '' gavin said , his voice and his gaze gentle . 
 `` where were you and your good advice when i was wading into an angry pack of werewolves ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` doing what winkler was doing and worrying over you , '' he said . 
 `` well , that does n't make me uncomfortable or anything , '' i muttered . 
 `` lissa , '' gavin stopped and turned me to face him , both hands on my shoulders . 
 a finger went under my chin , tilting my head up so my eyes would meet his . 
 `` you have no control over how others may feel about you , most of the time . 
 if they know what you are , they will either love you or despise you . 
 that is the way of what you are . 
 unless you deliberately go out of your way to make enemies , that is , and that is not a part of you . 
 some believe that vampires are a darkness , but there is a light in you . '' 
 `` i have so many vampire acquaintances to compare myself to , '' i grumbled , looking away . 
 `` lissa , do not regret that , i beg you . '' 
 gavin 's hands moved to cup my face , bringing my gaze back to his . 
 and then he leaned down to kiss me . 
 i remember shivering from the intense pleasure of his mouth upon mine , but i have no idea what happened next because i fainted . 
 i woke later , buckled up in the passenger seat of the suv while gavin drove toward the beach house . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i felt a little woozy . 
 `` you fainted , little girl . 
 i am driving you home now . '' 
 `` wow . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i rubbed my forehead . 
 `` it was probably too soon and after a long night , '' gavin said . 
 `` you are still recovering from your ordeal . 
 we will not repeat this . '' 
 what was he saying ? 
 that we were n't ever going out again ? 
 i thought he 'd had a good time . 
 maybe he did n't like his dates fainting on him or something , which brought me back to reality . 
 this was gavin we were talking about . 
 hot and cold gavin . 
 no surprise . 
 i should have seen it coming . 
 i did n't speak to him the rest of the way home . 
 * * * gavin cursed himself . 
 never . 
 never again . 
 he 'd drank from her . 
 he could n't deny the scent of her any longer and he 'd held her tightly against him while her body shivered and convulsed in climax . 
 he 'd been forced to place compulsion when she woke after fainting . 
 sweet little lissa . 
 he was going to kill her at wlodek 's command when all was said and done and he was treating her like this . 
 he hated himself at that moment . 
 * * * `` whitney and sam are coming to dallas for the full moon . 
 they 'll run with my pack , '' winkler informed me . 
 the full moon was on the sixteenth of april , and here it was the thirteenth . 
 `` we 'll leave tomorrow and fly up . 
 i have some business to take care of while i 'm there anyway . '' 
 `` are we staying there or coming back here ? '' 
 gavin asked . 
 `` we 'll be coming back , so pack light . '' 
 we 'd tentatively agreed that i would go back on duty the nineteenth . 
 according to winkler , we 'd be back in corpus christi by then . 
 gavin had barely spoken two words to me after we 'd come back from our date . 
 all sorts of doubts gnawed at me , driving me crazy with worry . 
 what had i done ? 
 i could n't put my finger on any single thing , so i 'd come to the conclusion that he had n't enjoyed himself at all . 
 well , better to find out now , i guess . 
 i was reading later while gavin was out on patrol , when my cell phone rang . 
 thinking winkler wanted something , i answered without checking the id . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` you 're a hard woman to find . '' 
 somehow , tony had found my cell phone number . 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 i asked , mentally gulping . 
 the man had tracked me down . 
 `` when you did n't call me back , i had to try to find you . '' 
 `` you know , i 'm not even going to ask how you did that , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm sure it involves aliens and a time machine . '' 
 `` now it 's my turn to ask how you knew that , '' he laughed . 
 `` lissa , i really want to see you again . 
 i promise i 'll leave the aliens at home . '' 
 after my failed experiment with gavin , i thought seeing tony again might be fun . 
 `` i might have the eighteenth open , '' i said . 
 `` that 's a saturday night . 
 i 'll be in dallas until then . '' 
 `` work taking you there ? '' 
 `` in a way . '' 
 `` how about meeting me at the bookstore at eight ? '' 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 i was going to suggest meeting there myself . 
 `` see you there and please do n't be late . 
 i 'll get an anxiety attack if you 're not there on time . '' 
 `` you get anxiety attacks ? '' 
 `` where you 're concerned . 
 why do you think i tracked you down ? 
 i could n't stand it anymore . '' 
 `` you know , i may bring a therapist with me . 
 i think you need help . '' 
 `` i just need to see you . 
 that 'll do the trick , i promise . '' 
 `` all right . 
 do n't have an aneurysm . 
 i 'll do my best to be there on time . '' 
 `` i 'm crossing aneurysm off my to-do list , '' tony chuckled . 
 `` see that you do , '' i said , and hung up . 
 the flight from corpus christi to dallas did n't take very long and there were four security guards waiting at the airport when we arrived , herding us around and loading us into even more suvs . 
 winkler must have gotten a substantial quantity discount on those things . 
 the wall around the house had been fixed after the blast that knocked part of it down in early february , and painted to match the rest already . 
 gavin and i were in the same vehicle as davis but it was davis who was sitting next to me . 
 `` you gon na make us dinner , or cookies ? '' 
 he sounded wistful as we made the trip from the airport . 
 smiling at him , i shrugged a little at his question . 
 i had n't had that many conversations with davis since i 'd come back from north dakota and i sort of missed those a little . 
 `` i 'll think about it , '' i said . 
 gavin and i had the second story guesthouse again , but we were n't speaking to each other much . 
 whatever i 'd done , it had been a doozy , or maybe he just did n't appreciate his dates passing out on him . 
 i still could n't explain that . 
 i also had no plans to tell him that i had a date with tony on saturday night . 
 if he wanted to play twenty questions when i got back , i might consider telling him to f ** k off . 
 whitney and sam were already at the house when we arrived and whitney ran out the front door of winkler 's mansion to hug me . 
 sam was a little slower to arrive , but he hugged me too and said his dad wanted to send some sort of thank you . 
 he just did n't know how to go about it . 
 `` tell him that seeing you alive is the best thanks i could have , '' i told sam , patting his shoulder . 
 `` tell him he 's welcome . '' 
 i also baked cookies for the people in the house that night . 
 oatmeal and chocolate chip , and both kinds were gone in two blinks . 
 gavin went straight to the guesthouse and did n't join the others . 
 he was n't expected to work until the following evening , so i figured he was reading or watching television . 
 whitney wanted to show off the ring sam bought for her and talk about the problems they faced , going to different schools and not seeing much of each other . 
 i just told her it was a temporary thing , that summer was coming up and neither one of them was going to be in school forever . 
 winkler slipped silently behind me , wrapped his arms around my shoulders and kissed my cheek lightly while i put cookies out to cool . 
 we would have to have a talk , winkler and i . 
 a werewolf-vampire relationship just seemed doomed from the start . 
 there was also the matter of a bit of blackmail between us . 
 and after getting poisoned by werewolf saliva and nearly dying over it , having a relationship with one of them did n't seem like a good idea . 
 plus , he was able to reproduce . 
 i was n't . 
 he probably needed to find a nice female werewolf somewhere and settle down to have puppies . 
 at least i had n't seen him go off to a bar to pick up a floozy lately . 
 that brought up a question . 
 `` davis , '' i said quietly after a while . 
 davis was still in the kitchen getting a bottle of water out of the fridge . 
 `` what , lissa ? '' 
 he straightened up-he 'd been bending over to get his water off a lower shelf . 
 `` are werewolves susceptible to diseases ? 
 i mean , i worried every time winkler brought home a girl from a bar . '' 
 davis grinned . 
 `` nope . 
 somehow , our system burns right through that stuff . 
 so if his protection fails , he wo n't get sick . '' 
 `` can werewolves have children with humans ? '' 
 davis shut the door to the fridge and opened his bottle of water , drinking a little then replacing the cap before answering my question . 
 `` yeah . 
 but none of them will be werewolves , '' he said . 
 `` werewolves can only be born to a mated pair of werewolves . 
 sad but true . 
 that 's why winkler is very careful about that sort of thing . 
 he does n't want any unscheduled children . '' 
 `` in my understanding , there 's only one way to make vampires , '' i said . 
 `` and it does n't involve reproduction in the traditional sense . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i know that , too . '' 
 `` winkler needs to find someone suitable , '' i said . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 my life was just chock full of cheerfulness lately . 
 i finished cleaning up the kitchen and went out the door , heading toward the guesthouse . 
 gavin must have been in his bedroom , he was n't in the living area or the kitchen . 
 just as well , i did n't want to see him anyway . 
 * * * `` honored one , i received information tonight that indicates the project is more than 75 % percent completed and security is being increased . 
 primary is nearly healed and will return to work soon . 
 g. '' * * * whitney wanted to go shopping in dallas on the night of the fifteenth , so winkler asked glen and me to accompany her and sam . 
 the galleria was her mall of choice and sam was buying as well . 
 apparently , a new spring wardrobe was in the offing , to go with the old spring wardrobe whitney had purchased a few weeks before . 
 i 'd never had that kind of money in my life and wondered what it felt like to spend it with abandon . 
 we stopped at a jewelry store the very last thing as the mall was about to close . 
 i think we had maybe fifteen minutes . 
 `` winkler said to buy you something here , '' whitney was smiling at me . 
 i just stood there like a dimwitted fool for a minute . 
 `` no . '' 
 i said . 
 `` winkler does n't need to buy me jewelry . 
 nobody needs to buy me jewelry . 
 no . '' 
 i flung out an arm and left the store , walking quickly into the mall . 
 what was he doing ? 
 i was just about to explode from the duality of our relationship . 
 he owned me , he 'd blackmailed me , and he punctuated that with hugs , kisses and an offer to buy jewelry . 
 i was n't having it . 
 what was i ? 
 a favored slave or something ? 
 a lapdog kept on a leash , wearing a diamond collar and told to sit , stay and roll over ? 
 `` lissa , what 's wrong ? '' 
 whitney trotted up beside me with sam and glen right behind . 
 she did n't know . 
 of course she did n't . 
 well , winkler could keep secrets from his sister if he wanted . 
 `` i just do n't want any jewelry . 
 i earn a salary . 
 that 's sufficient . '' 
 whitney tried to coax me at first , but the mall was closing and i was walking toward the parking garage . 
 we made it home without mishap and i did n't talk to anyone the whole time . 
 glen was driving and i sat up front with him while whitney and sam sat in the back . 
 `` you upset whitney . '' 
 those were the first words out of winkler 's mouth when he barged into my bedroom without knocking . 
 i was huddled against the headboard of the bed , my knees under my chin , my arms around my legs , trying to come to grips with my life and my position and status within that life . 
 `` tell her i 'm sorry . 
 that was n't my intention . '' 
 i blinked up at winkler . 
 he looked ready to explode . 
 `` lissa , why ? 
 i offer to buy something you might want and you fling it away . '' 
 whitney was n't the only one upset , i could tell . 
 `` sorry , winkler . 
 i just was n't in the mood . '' 
 winkler growled . 
 i remembered then that it was the night before the full moon and the wolves were a little touchy . 
 `` winkler , '' i tried again . 
 `` we 'll talk about this soon , okay ? 
 it was just such a shock and they were already making announcements to close the mall . '' 
 winkler stared at me for a moment and then sighed . 
 `` trust whitney to leave it until the last minute , '' he said . 
 `` we 'll talk about it later . '' 
 he left my bedroom , closing the door behind him . 
 four security guards drove winkler , phil , davis , glen , leon , whitney and sam inside two suvs the evening of the full moon . 
 they were going to someone 's ranch north of dallas , where the run was scheduled . 
 the human guards were instructed to drop them off and they all thought winkler and co. were invited to a barbeque . 
 the suvs and the drivers were coming back to the house until called for . 
 gavin was in charge of the guards while everyone else was gone and since i was a little bored and still upset over the whole jewelry fiasco , i decided to go to the roof and sit . 
 there was n't a good way to get up there without the guards seeing and freaking , so i turned to mist inside my bedroom , floated out of the guesthouse and up to the roof of the three-story house . 
 the suvs were driving through the front gate and i was about to turn back to myself when i caught movement a little way down the street . 
 if my blood had n't been cool already , it would have chilled then . 
 a semi was parked behind some of the nearby businesses , which would n't normally have caused any stir ; trucks unloaded and loaded from there all the time . 
 now it was after hours , very dark , and all those businesses were closed . 
 there were people swarming around the truck like termites and i watched in horror as they unloaded a vehicle that looked as if a tank and a hummer had a baby . 
 that baby had a nasty-looking rocket launcher attached . 
 if i 'd had a voice , i 'd have screamed my lungs out . 
 i did n't and the swarm was now driving their vehicle straight for winkler 's walls . 
 the termites ? 
 they all had assault rifles . 
 they were trotting alongside the attack vehicle , too . 
 gavin , gavin , gavin , gavin-if i could have expressed myself verbally , i would have been sobbing out his name . 
 i sent it out mentally instead , as if he could hear me , somehow . 
 angling off the roof as mist , i swooped downward , flying toward the small army as swiftly as i could . 
 as it was in north dakota , i realized it would take precious minutes to change to myself-minutes i did n't have . 
 gavin was n't the only one behind the walls surrounding winkler 's mansion . 
 there were at least a dozen security guards there as well , many of whom had families who might never see their loved ones again . 
 i settled somewhere behind the attackers , who were making their way to the wall swiftly . 
 i figured they intended to blast their way through the wall first and then open fire on whomever and whatever they found inside it . 
 lissa ? 
 gavin 's voice dropped into my mind , a note of surprise accompanying it . 
 did vampires have telepathy ? 
 could they send and receive thoughts ? 
 i did n't have time to ponder that . 
 gavin , they 're about to blast the wall down ! 
 north side ! 
 that was the best i could do while attempting to materialize at the same time . 
 the attackers were nearly at the wall and preparing to shoot when i became myself . 
 the man at the rear of the small army had his gun yanked out of his hands and the stock of it smashing against his head in less than a blink . 
 the ones in front of him turned toward me but i was already doing the same to them . 
 it had taken too long for me to become solid , however . 
 the rocket launcher fired and a gaping hole was blasted in the wall with a resounding boom , sending bricks and debris flying and bouncing across winkler 's manicured lawn . 
 the attacking termites up front were shooting now , while answering gunfire was erupting right back at them . 
 if i 'd stopped to think about it , i would have realized that staying where i was placed me in just as much jeopardy as the termites . 
 bullets were flying all around me . 
 i was still punching and smashing as i watched the vehicle -lrb- which was armored heavily against rifle attacks -rrb- , drive through the blasted opening and into winkler 's yard . 
 chaos erupted around me as the attackers realized that something was moving among them so quickly they could n't put their hands on it . 
 i grabbed one man 's gun and caved his face in with the butt of it before flinging the rifle toward the man operating the rocket launcher . 
 he stood behind a shield of some sort , preparing to fire the weapon at winkler 's house . 
 i have no idea how hard i threw the gun but it was enough to separate the man 's head from his body . 
 the head rolled far into the yard as the body slumped over where it stood . 
 more gunfire erupted and i felt something sting my right shoulder , but that did n't slow me down at all . 
 sirens sounded nearby ; the police were coming . 
 i kicked one man in the stomach and sent him sailing . 
 somebody else was now climbing toward the rocket launcher . 
 i jumped at least twenty feet , landing right behind him and tossing him far into the yard . 
 he did n't get up . 
 then , just to make sure of things , i wrapped my arms around the barrel of the launcher and bent it downward . 
 no way was it going to shoot again . 
 the sirens were now shrieking in the alley behind us-time to get the hell out of there . 
 i had no idea where gavin was , whether he 'd heard me or if i 'd imagined his voice inside my head earlier . 
 i leapt off the vehicle and the termites , what was left of them , were now shouting and scattering . 
 taking off at a run , i blazed toward the back wall as fast as i could go . 
 no way was i going to hang around and answer questions for the police . 
 that would be disastrous , as well as exposing my face on national news programs . 
 definitely did n't need that . 
 climbing high into one of the trees in the neighbor 's back yard , i sat there for a while , waiting for the anthill to settle down . 
 winkler and the others came home a little after dawn , but i 'd misted into my guesthouse bedroom by that time . 
 the police had already searched it and the perimeter was secured . 
 i was out like a light . 
 * * * winkler wanted to grumble as he was forced to make a statement for the media the morning following the attack , although he had no desire to do so . 
 the house was still intact but police tape was everywhere and officers , detectives and even the fbi were on the scene . 
 three of winkler 's security guards had been killed and he 'd already released their names to the media . 
 the authorities were still trying to sort out whom the attackers were and how they 'd managed to do what they 'd done . 
 twenty-three of those were dead , some from blows to the head . 
 three others who 'd survived were babbling incoherently and no sense could be gotten from any of them . 
 whitney and sam were closely guarded inside the media room-glen and phil were seeing to that while davis stood beside winkler in april sunlight as he answered a few questions for reporters . 
 `` my security team performed above expectations , '' winkler took the opportunity to promote his business as cameras clicked all around him and video was recorded . 
 `` i hear that the barrel of the rocket launcher was bent , '' one reporter said . 
 `` we think they ran into a portion of the wall with it , possibly bringing down some of the concrete when they did so . 
 you can see the rubble lying all over my yard , '' winkler was smiling slightly . 
 `` how do you feel about all this ? '' 
 another reporter asked . 
 `` lucky . 
 very , very lucky . 
 that i had such well-trained personnel , who acted bravely and efficiently in the face of these terrorists . '' 
 `` you consider them terrorists ? '' 
 `` they caused me to feel terror . 
 would n't they you ? '' 
 winkler asked . 
 winkler had to deal with police and the fbi for the remainder of the day and then had to call in workmen to place a temporary patch over the hole in his wall . 
 when he was finally alone just before sunset , he sighed and went to see about whitney and the others . 
 winkler was exhausted but refused to allow anyone to see it . 
 `` we have n't been able to check on lissa ; too many cops crawling around , '' davis grumbled . 
 `` then come with me now , '' winkler took off at a trot toward the front door , davis following close behind . 
 * * * my shoulder hurt . 
 i noticed it was hurting before i could unglue my eyes and open them at sundown . 
 `` lie still or i 'll tie you down , '' gavin was growling . 
 he was digging in my shoulder , stabbing into it with something . 
 my eyes popped wide open then . 
 `` never go to sleep with a bullet inside your body , your tissue will heal around it , '' gavin gritted , probing my shoulder with tweezers that looked about a foot long . 
 of course , they were right next to my face and they looked huge from that distance . 
 `` ow , '' i said as he stabbed into me . 
 `` shut up and let me do this , '' he grunted . 
 `` there . '' 
 he pulled those things out of me , showing me the slug that had been embedded in my shoulder . 
 `` lovely , '' i muttered ungratefully , staring at the bloody piece of metal . 
 gavin dumped half a bottle of peroxide into the wound next , getting me and my bed wet . 
 that 's when i discovered i was naked . 
 `` hey , '' i swatted at him , trying to get him away from me . 
 who knows how long he 'd been there , digging around ? 
 winkler and davis walked in right about then , so they enjoyed the show , too . 
 `` i had to make sure you had n't been hit anywhere else , '' gavin said , getting off the bed . 
 `` you 'll heal now and not have a slug inside your body forever . '' 
 `` lucky me , '' i mumbled , grabbing the sheet from the bed and trying to wrap myself in it . 
 * * * `` honored one , she is capable of mindspeech . 
 she sent a warning to me that lodged inside my head somehow , but my attempts to send back to her were unsuccessful . 
 i am sorry to disappoint in that way . 
 i am sure you have seen the news reports by now and have drawn the conclusion that she was mostly responsible for thwarting the attack for the most part . 
 i only caught a few glimpses of her as she fought off nearly thirty attackers , but she was moving so swiftly even i could not follow her movements at times . 
 none of the three who survived required more than a small amount of compulsion . 
 g. '' * * * `` charles ! '' 
 charles came trotting into wlodek 's study . 
 `` yes , honored one ? '' 
 `` charles , get susila on the phone , '' wlodek was up and pacing behind his desk . 
 `` right away , sir . '' 
 `` and charles . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` pull out the records , all of them , on all the females , past and present , living and deceased . '' 
 `` of course , sir . '' 
 charles rushed away to do as he was bid . 
 * * * `` i 'm sending you out of here tonight . 
 you and gavin . 
 we do n't need the authorities finding out the two of you did n't get questioned with the others , now do we ? '' 
 winkler was tossing clothing at me . 
 `` do i have time for a bath ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 winkler and davis exploded at the same time . 
 `` okay , okay , sheesh , '' i said , grabbing the underwear , bra , jeans and t-shirt winkler had flung at me and running into the bathroom to get dressed . 
 i barely had time to run a comb through my hair before he was rushing me out the door . 
 he had n't had any sleep at all , i knew , and it was the day after the full moon . 
 no sense in trying to argue with him . 
 he and davis practically tossed me into a security van . 
 the vans did n't have windows on the sides and only two darkened ones in the back . 
 gavin sat on the middle seat with me , completely silent , his eyes hooded . 
 i only looked at him briefly before turning away . 
 i suppose i should have thanked him for digging the bullet out of me , but he 'd started while i was still unconscious and i had n't given him permission . 
 the driver had to make sure we were n't followed before driving us to the airport , and from there we were herded into the private jet , taking off in a matter of minutes . 
 todd was there to meet us in corpus and dropped us off at the beach house . 
 gavin had the key so he let us both in . 
 i had n't even had time to eat that evening , so i went to the fridge , pulled out a bag of blood and took it to my bedroom . 
 i had a message on my cell when i remembered to turn it on-from tony . 
 i called him back . 
 `` hey , beautiful , '' he said , his voice all warm and sexy . 
 i was n't sure i was up to the sexy part . 
 `` hey , yourself , '' i said . 
 `` i just got back from dallas and i 'm a little pooped . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` i just wanted to talk to you , '' he said . 
 `` make sure we were still on for tomorrow night . '' 
 `` we 're still on unless something untoward happens . '' 
 `` what might happen ? '' 
 `` well , you never know . 
 a satellite could come hurtling in from space and crash into the house . 
 or a herd of wild bovines could come for dinner . 
 you ca n't ever tell about these things . '' 
 `` wild bovines ? '' 
 `` maybe horses or goats , then . '' 
 `` lissa , you are truly unique . 
 i 'll see you at eight tomorrow . '' 
 `` sure thing . 
 bye . '' 
 i ended the call and tossed the phone onto the bed . 
 chapter 12 tony was waiting for me at the table we 'd first shared when i made my way inside the bookstore . 
 i was five minutes early , too . 
 did n't want him to have an anxiety attack . 
 he was flipping through a magazine when i sat down , but closed it the minute i got there and gave me a beautiful smile . 
 `` so , what are we doing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i had on the blue top and black slacks i 'd worn to the basketball game , and my hair was held back with a clip . 
 `` you look really nice , '' he complimented me . 
 `` so do you . 
 but you probably get that a lot , '' i said . 
 `` mostly from people i do n't want to talk to , '' he agreed . 
 `` let 's go to landry 's ; it 's on ocean drive and we can see the water from our table . '' 
 he stood and took my elbow . 
 `` are we taking yours or mine ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i 'd borrowed the cadillac again . 
 gavin had glared at me when i walked out the door , too . 
 winkler and the others had come in sometime during the day but they were resting . 
 they had n't had much sleep since the attack and were a little snarly as a result . 
 `` let 's take mine , that way there 's no argument over who 's driving , '' tony grinned , leading me toward his rental . 
 `` do you often have arguments over who 's driving ? '' 
 i asked as i slipped my seatbelt on . 
 `` you have no idea . 
 my dog wants to drive all the time . 
 i tell him when he gets a car , he can drive . '' 
 `` does he have a license ? '' 
 `` he 's studying the manual . '' 
 `` sounds like an insurance nightmare . '' 
 i settled back in my seat while tony drove us out of the parking lot . 
 i ordered the least amount of food i could-a small salad and a bowl of gumbo , picking at it for the most part . 
 what i enjoyed most was talking to tony . 
 he laughed . 
 actually laughed-a lot . 
 it was heavenly to sit across from somebody who not only wanted to talk to me but wanted to see me smile and make me laugh , too . 
 he tried to get me to order dessert but i refused . 
 i was already going to have to bring up what i 'd ingested , so i excused myself to go to the ladies ' room and do just that . 
 i had a small purse with me and there was a tiny bottle of mouthwash inside it just for situations such as this . 
 waiting until i was the only one inside the bathroom , i quickly brought up everything i 'd eaten and flushed it away , rinsing my mouth with the mouthwash afterward . 
 i felt better when i went back to the table . 
 tony had already paid the check , so we left . 
 we drove to one of the public beaches on mustang island . 
 tony had gotten a parking permit so we walked down the beach for a ways . 
 i 'd left my shoes in the car so i could feel the sand beneath my feet . 
 tony had jeans and athletic shoes on and went walking like that . 
 after a while , his arm came around me and i did n't try to move away . 
 `` how 's your condo holding up ? '' 
 i asked as we walked along . 
 `` do you have cheese puffs between the sofa cushions yet ? '' 
 `` how did you know about that ? '' 
 he teased , squeezing my shoulder . 
 `` it was either that or popcorn , '' i said . 
 `` cheese puffs stain better . 
 i 've heard hotels and condos are asking for a deposit if you come in with a bag of cheese puffs . '' 
 `` they should just buy furniture to match cheese puffs , '' he said in mock indignation . 
 `` that 's my general rule if you 're going to eat spaghetti , '' i said . 
 you have to wear something that matches the sauce you 're about to eat . 
 red for marinara , cream for alfredo . '' 
 `` why did n't i think of that ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i 'm thinking about writing a book . 
 do n't steal my ideas . '' 
 `` i 'd rather steal this , '' he said , leaning down to kiss me . 
 okay , that was a little hot . 
 as in , he 's nibbling on my lower lip hot . 
 and then giving me a little tongue and he tasted way too good for his own good . 
 i had to push him away ; my fangs were threatening to pop out . 
 `` sorry , i 'm just not used to holding my breath that long , '' i apologized . 
 i had n't had that problem before , my fangs always behaved themselves . 
 always . 
 now , they wanted to nibble and nip on him . 
 that could n't be . 
 could never be . 
 `` for the length of time it lasted , that was something , '' he breathed and kissed my neck . 
 his arms were around me too , which was really nice . 
 i let my forehead sink against his chest , relaxing for the first time in a very long time . 
 he tried to convince me to come to his condo , but i was n't ready for that . 
 i did n't know if i would ever be ready for that . 
 thanks , fvm . 
 we kissed a little more in the parking lot when he dropped me off near the cadillac , and then i drove home . 
 tony wanted a commitment for another date , but i told him i did n't know when my next day off was , and i did n't . 
 gavin did n't say a word when i walked into our apartment . 
 maybe he could n't tell i 'd been near another man , but winkler certainly could and it was a good bet that if i 'd had sex , -lrb- heaven forbid -rrb- he sure as hell would have known about that . 
 i took a shower and hung up my clothes , promising myself i 'd have them cleaned as soon as possible . 
 my job commenced the following evening and instead of having to work with leon , gavin passed me on his rounds . 
 maybe i was dreaming , but i imagined that he wanted to growl and pounce every time he walked by . 
 glen let me know that winkler wanted to see me when he and phil took over around five the next morning . 
 winkler was having breakfast and a cup of coffee with davis when i walked inside the beach house . 
 `` lissa , '' winkler pointed me toward a seat at the end of the breakfast table . 
 i sat . 
 `` lissa , '' he repeated , `` it does n't take a genius to figure out that you came up behind those f ** kers and took out most of them before they ever made it to the wall . 
 while i appreciate that , things like the bent rocket launcher do n't go unnoticed . 
 we had to explain that away , lissa . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i hung my head a little . 
 it was stupid . 
 i just had n't known what else to do at the moment . 
 `` and gavin tells me you 're dating someone . 
 that you 've seen him twice , now . '' 
 winkler buttered a roll and bit into it . 
 great . 
 now gavin was spying on me and reporting it . 
 `` do you pay him extra , just to keep tabs on me ? 
 is that what you do ? '' 
 i was standing and furious in the space of a heartbeat . 
 `` i keep your f ** king house from getting blown to bits , and try to keep as many of those bumbling things you call security guards from getting killed and what do i get ? 
 i get reprimanded . 
 and then , on top of everything else , carnac out there is spying on me when i decide to go out and talk to somebody who does n't mind smiling once in a while . 
 somebody who is n't blackmailing me , or threatening me , or who thinks i 'm a bloodsucking leech . 
 is there something wrong with that ? 
 i do n't bite him , for f ** k 's sake ! 
 i pretend to eat dinner , or sip a drink and we talk . 
 suddenly , i 'm a whore ? 
 well , mr. i pick my women up in bars , you can take this out of my salary . '' 
 i lifted the chair i 'd been sitting in , twisting the metal frame into a pretzel . 
 tossing it in the floor , i stalked out the french door , slamming it so hard i broke two of the small glass panes . 
 gavin was standing inside the guesthouse door when i came inside . 
 angrily i shoved him aside and nearly ran for my bedroom . 
 i slammed that door , too . 
 fortunately it did n't break . 
 my blood serum tears were falling when i slumped in the floor between the two twin beds . 
 i always slept in the one closest to the door , giving me a clear path in case i needed to leave in a hurry . 
 don used to have a saying : no good deed goes unpunished . 
 i was learning all about that-in spades . 
 i heard shuffling outside my door but it went away after a few seconds . 
 just as well , dawn arrived and i did n't even have time to crawl into bed . 
 i dropped over , right there in the floor . 
 `` shirley walker is coming for dinner tomorrow , so winkler wants you to cook , '' davis was the one sent to inform me the following evening . 
 `` what does he want ? '' 
 i did n't slow my angry trek around the property and davis had to trot just to keep up . 
 `` he does n't care , just something good . '' 
 `` shirley walker , '' i turned to look at davis as i walked , `` never lifted a finger when the grand master was attacked . 
 neither did the rest of them , except martin walters and thomas williams . 
 i do n't think much of shirley right now . 
 she and winkler might get a bowl of oatmeal . '' 
 i jerked my gaze away and focused on the path again . 
 davis coughed a little . 
 `` that 's uh , just the way things are , '' he said . 
 `` when a challenge is made , if it 's not the second that 's challenging , well , that 's the only one who 's allowed to interfere . 
 granted , the challenger and his second are supposed to be the only ones fighting . '' 
 `` you guys have some f ** ked up rules , '' i snapped . 
 `` what would happen if weldon had lost and lester briggs had won ? 
 you 'd be at war right now with the vampires . 
 is that what you want ? 
 for things to go back to that ? 
 sometimes , you have to stand up and defend what you believe in . 
 fucking wolves , '' i muttered . 
 `` hey , now , '' davis said . 
 `` i 've never heard you talk like that . '' 
 `` that 's because i 've never held your race in such contempt before . 
 do you know how many times i heard the phrase leech , bloodsucker or f ** king vampire while weldon walked through those werewolves ? 
 do you ? 
 it 's sort of hard to keep a smile plastered on your face while that 's going on . '' 
 `` i 've never thought of you in those terms . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i slowed down and patted davis on the arm . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 that remark was n't aimed at you . '' 
 `` can you make lasagna ? 
 that 's one of my favorites . '' 
 we were back to the meal . 
 `` i know how to make lasagna , '' i said . 
 `` i just need to buy the ingredients ahead of time . 
 it takes a while to make it properly . '' 
 `` then go now . 
 the store is still open in port a and i 'll watch things until you get back . '' 
 `` all right , '' i sighed . 
 `` thanks , davis . '' 
 the cadillac was almost out of gas so i filled it up while i was in town and then bought what i needed to make lasagna , garlic bread and a nice salad . 
 everything was in the fridge before i went back to guard the perimeter . 
 winkler silently watched as i put things away , his expression betraying a desire say something . 
 wisely , he did n't and i certainly was n't about to start a conversation . 
 `` you 'll get your lasagna , '' i told davis when i took over guard duty again . 
 `` winkler 's just a little jealous , '' davis said before he walked away . 
 `` he ca n't stand it that somebody else is interested . '' 
 davis waved as he strode toward the house . 
 the lasagna was perfect . 
 i baked a huge pan and every bit of it disappeared . 
 shirley walker did n't say a word to me as i set dinner on the table for her and winkler . 
 phil , glen and davis ate with them . 
 leon was out working my shift while i cooked and cleaned up . 
 i never said a word to any of them and went out right after i finished with the kitchen . 
 gavin still looked like a thundercloud whenever we passed on our rounds and almost growled at me a time or two . 
 well , he could go to hell . 
 he 'd had his chance . 
 he still smelled like heaven on earth to me but that could n't be everything . 
 there were other things one might want in a love interest and speaking once in a while constituted a big part of that . 
 winkler did n't let me have a day off for two solid weeks and i figured tony was probably getting ready to go home soon , if he had n't already . 
 tony left me voicemail right at the two-week mark . 
 `` hi , this is tony , '' he said . 
 `` i , uh , was waiting on you to call , this time . 
 c'mon . 
 throw me a lifesaver or something . 
 i 'm drowning , here . 
 i have to go home soon and i really wanted to see you before i left . '' 
 i 'd just gotten up and showered before going to work when davis shoved his head inside my bedroom door . 
 `` winkler says you guys have the day off tomorrow , '' he said . 
 `` thanks , '' i sighed . 
 davis waited to see if i had anything else to say and when i did n't , he left . 
 gavin was still in silent movie mode ; i heard davis telling him the same thing out in the hall . 
 gavin mumbled something and i ignored it , tapping tony 's number on my phone instead . 
 `` thank god , '' tony said the minute he answered his phone . 
 `` tony , i 've worked two weeks straight without a day off . 
 there was n't any way i could come out with you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 've just been going crazy here . 
 please tell me you have tonight off . '' 
 `` i do n't , but i have tomorrow night . '' 
 `` that 'll have to do . 
 can i pick you up ? '' 
 `` it 's better if i meet you in the usual place , '' i sighed . 
 `` what time ? '' 
 `` seven ? '' 
 he sounded hopeful . 
 `` no . 
 eight , '' i said . 
 `` that 's as quick as i can get there . '' 
 `` all right , eight then , '' he grumbled . 
 `` i 'll be there early , just in case . '' 
 `` honey , did n't anybody ever tell you to play hard to get ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , but they did tell me that absence makes the heart grow fonder . 
 i 'm counting on that one . '' 
 `` i 'll bring you a life saver and hatched chickens , '' i said , hanging up . 
 `` going out , again ? '' 
 gavin growled at me as i walked to the fridge to get my blood . 
 `` what 's it to you ? 
 or is winkler paying you by the piece ? 
 i 'm sure you 'll go running right to him with this bit of information . '' 
 i bit the top off the unit of blood and started drinking . 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 i stopped sipping for a moment , `` just send him to me and i 'll tell him myself . '' 
 i went back to my bedroom , drinking my dinner . 
 * * * `` i have to leave in two days . '' 
 tony was depressed . 
 `` and you 're the guy who did n't want to take a vacation , '' i said , teasing him a little . 
 `` please tell me you 'll see me before i go . '' 
 `` tony , i ca n't . 
 i have work to do . '' 
 `` what 's so important that you ca n't call in sick ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` everybody gets sick leave . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' i said . 
 `` who the hell do you work for ? 
 i 'll call them up and tell them i 'm from the irs or something . '' 
 `` you will not , now stop that right now . '' 
 `` come on . 
 tell me who you work for . '' 
 he took my hand across the table . 
 `` do you really work for the government ? 
 is that card for real that you gave me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 tony 's thumb was making slow circles on my hand . 
 it felt nice , actually . 
 `` it 's for real , '' he said . 
 `` why ? 
 you working for drug smugglers or something ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i work for winkler security , '' i said . 
 `` i work as a bodyguard for william winkler . 
 i do n't get days off unless he says so . '' 
 tony drew in a breath when i said that . 
 `` holy shit , '' he muttered . 
 `` were you in dallas when those terrorists hit ? 
 jesus christ , lissa . '' 
 his gray eyes were actually concerned . 
 i appreciated that . 
 `` yeah , i was there , '' i said . 
 `` tonight is all we have , tony . '' 
 i put my best compulsion on him . 
 `` you wo n't go searching into my background . 
 you 'll just remember that we had a good time and leave it at that . '' 
 i got up and leaned down to kiss him . 
 `` you 're a great kisser , tony . 
 thanks for dinner . '' 
 i walked out of the restaurant . 
 it was an italian place not far from the bookstore so i did n't have any trouble getting back to the car . 
 my sniffles had almost cleared up by that time . 
 we had no future , tony and i. either he 'd go looking into my background and start asking questions or ask me to come visit or something , and neither of those things were good things . 
 winkler would n't let me go . 
 we were joined at the hip , he and i , and tony had no place in any of that . 
 it was a real shame . 
 i would have enjoyed spending a lot of my time with someone who could make me laugh . 
 in a perfect world , maybe i could have been the person to convince tony to take a vacation now and then . 
 with me . 
 my world had never been perfect , but now it was as far from perfect as it could possibly get . 
 `` well ? '' 
 gavin was growling again . 
 `` he leaves in two days , so i broke it off . 
 he does n't need to remember me or anything about me . 
 i ca n't have a relationship , gavin . 
 you already figured that out , did n't you ? 
 once was enough , was n't it ? 
 not worth it , was it , gavin ? '' 
 i walked down the hall to my bedroom and slipped inside . 
 i intended to read , if i could see through my tears . 
 things settled into a routine after that . 
 may rolled around and whitney and sam got out of school for the summer . 
 sam was going to help his dad with the farming , so whitney spent a lot of time at his dad 's place . 
 they 'd come up for the day now and then , mostly on sundays , and i 'd cook for them . 
 winkler showed me an e-mail i 'd gotten from martin walters , saying i was welcome in fresno any time . 
 that was nice , i thought . 
 a written note came from thomas williams , jr. . 
 `` thank you for your kind words , '' it read . 
 `` i do n't believe i have ever heard of any werewolf receiving condolences from a vampire before and that has made them all the more special to my family and me . 
 the grand master has explained that my father was n't the only one who went down that night . 
 i am grateful for your life and for my father 's as well . 
 he lived a good , happy life for the most part and died with honor . 
 that is all that any of us can hope for . 
 sincerely , thomas williams , jr. '' well , maybe i was the first vampire to get a note like that from a werewolf . 
 it was nice either way and i stuffed it in my underwear drawer . 
 is n't that where things like that go ? 
 special notes , maybe a photograph or two ? 
 i thought of tony , and wondered if i should have taken a photograph of him . 
 he had such nice eyes and a wonderful smile . 
 it probably was n't a good idea to torture myself with that sort of thing anyway . 
 winkler knew , whether gavin told him or not , that the man i 'd dated a whole three times was a thing of the past-he 'd only been there on vacation , after all . 
 winkler tried to hug me a time or two , but i 'd just slip out of his embrace . 
 there were three words i was waiting to hear from him and they were n't the three words most women wanted to hear from a man . 
 oh , no . 
 i was waiting for you can go , and not i love you . 
 the three i waited for would n't be coming . 
 who knows , i 'd probably stay for a while if i knew i was free to go if i wanted . 
 winkler was n't going to take that chance . 
 he had somebody willing to fight for him and he was n't giving it up . 
 i also received a wedding invitation from daryl harper and kathy jo greene . 
 they were planning a wedding the end of may on weldon harper 's property . 
 what do you know about that ? 
 maybe i 'd be the first vampire ever invited to a werewolf wedding . 
 winkler and company received invitations , too . 
 they were all planning to attend so it looked like i 'd be going . 
 whitney came to the beach house primed for shopping before we flew to north dakota , so winkler requested that i go with her . 
 i took money with me since i needed something nice to wear and bought three outfits . 
 we were only staying five days but whitney in her usual manner bought everything she saw that she wanted . 
 i sneaked into a jewelry store while she and sam were looking at shoes and bought two pairs of earrings for myself . 
 nothing fancy , just one pair in platinum and one in gold-simple hoops that would go with just about anything . 
 the plane ride was a bit bumpy over kansas . 
 there was some weather but we got out of it quickly and landed in grand forks close to schedule . 
 it was around two-thirty in the morning and there were two wolves waiting with vans to take all of us to weldon 's place . 
 i was getting to stay inside the house along with winkler and whitney , and tents and rvs were set up for the others . 
 i was also surprised to learn that gavin had a sleeping bag in the corner of my bedroom . 
 i suppose it was to keep the vamp from going on the rampage or something . 
 the most i 'd done was twist one of winkler 's chairs into a pretzel . 
 of course , there was the matter of roughly twenty werewolves that i 'd killed , but who was counting ? 
 the grand master was still alive because of that . 
 kathy jo greene was positively glowing and i knew , even if nobody else did , that she was pregnant already . 
 daryl was pretty darned happy , so i guess he knew it too . 
 shirley walker came in since she was kathy jo 's packmaster , and the night before the wedding she held a ceremony , turning kathy jo over to daryl 's pack . 
 winkler came up beside me , whispering that it was something they did when a female went to another pack . 
 she received the packmaster 's blessings , as it were . 
 weldon , as the new official packmaster so to speak , accepted kathy jo and then gave her over to daryl . 
 it was actually a nice ceremony . 
 i had no idea what vampire protocol was , or if there was anything even close . 
 when the pre-wedding ceremony was over and everybody was having drinks and snacks , winkler came to sit beside me . 
 we were in chairs outside and it was cool out but not unbearably so . 
 `` winkler , what happened to all those werewolves that attacked weldon ? '' 
 i 'd been unconscious afterward with no idea what had happened . 
 `` buried on-site , usually . 
 if they die in wolf form , they normally do n't change back , '' winkler said . 
 `` their families are notified that they attempted an unsuccessful challenge . '' 
 `` holy cow , '' i said softly . 
 `` where 's your dad ? '' 
 `` on a ranch in texas , '' he said . 
 `` mom 's buried next to him . 
 the family that owns the ranch gave permission . '' 
 `` werewolves , too ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` winkler , i 'm sorry for that part of your life , '' i said . 
 and i was . 
 that had to suck , big time . 
 `` what happens to the widows of the packmasters that got killed ? '' 
 `` the new packmasters have the option of taking them , if they 're not married already . 
 sometimes that works out . 
 sometimes not . '' 
 `` sounds a little brutal to me , '' i said . 
 `` it 's to perpetuate the species . 
 female werewolves can bear young until they 're at least a hundred and fifty . 
 if the mate was human , they 're excluded from the pack . 
 they take whatever they have of value and move away if they 're able . 
 sometimes the pack puts funds together to accomplish that . 
 `` why do they do that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` to prevent retaliation . 
 humans do n't see things the same way werewolves do at times . 
 i 've heard tales of humans taking a gun to a run area on the full moon and just shooting indiscriminately . '' 
 `` there certainly are a few differences in the species , are n't there , '' i said . 
 `` yeah . 
 same for the vamps , obviously . '' 
 `` i 'm still waiting for the vampire manual to be carried at bandn , '' i said . 
 `` you 'll be waiting for that forever , '' he informed me dryly . 
 `` they guard that information better than fort knox . 
 it 's all oral tradition , passed on from sire to child . '' 
 `` you 're just a fountain of cheerful information , '' i retorted . 
 `` sorry to burst your bubble and all , '' he said . 
 `` you could have strung it out a little , maybe said there might be a manual , someday , when the unicorns and fairies come out of hiding . '' 
 `` do n't make fun of unicorns , '' shirley walker came to sit down nearby . 
 `` have you seen one ? '' 
 winkler was teasing her . 
 personally , i would n't want to tease shirley . 
 she looked like she could stop a speeding bus with one hand . 
 `` now , why would i tell you that ? '' 
 shirley smiled . 
 `` what i will say is that sometimes there really are more things in heaven and earth . '' 
 she accepted a cup of coffee from someone and sipped it . 
 `` three months ago , i would have told you that vampires and werewolves did n't exist . 
 that they were a myth , '' i said . 
 `` funny , is n't it , how your convictions can sometimes bite you in the ass ? '' 
 weldon came over and sat down next . 
 he already had a cup of coffee in his hand . 
 `` little vampire , '' he said , `` i 've thought and thought , trying to come up with some way to repay you for what you did for me . 
 i 'm not even sure how you did half of it , but that does n't make me any less grateful . 
 what i have is this . '' 
 he pulled a slip of paper out of his pocket and handed it to me . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` a phone number , '' he said . 
 `` i suggest you memorize it . 
 if there 's ever anything the werewolf nation can do for you , call that number . 
 we 'll do our best to answer the call for help . '' 
 `` all right , '' i said . 
 i looked at the number , hoped it would stick in my mind and then handed the paper back to weldon . 
 chances were i 'd never need it . 
 i 'd either be stuck with winkler or the council , ed or serge would find me and it would n't do me any good at all then . 
 `` thank you , '' i said to weldon . 
 `` well , thank you is inadequate , on my part , anyway . 
 i appreciate what you did . 
 and i will honor you , as long as i live . '' 
 `` nobody 's ever offered to do that before , '' i smiled at him . 
 `` and i will tell my grandchild i was rescued from a tree by a cookie baking vampire , '' he grinned . 
 `` see that you do , '' i laughed . 
 chapter 13 the wedding was held as soon as the sun was down and fireflies winked here and there during the ceremony , lending an ethereal quality to the service . 
 kathy jo wore a beautiful , ivory gown and daryl , dressed handsomely in a tux , was grinning the entire time . 
 weldon stood up with his son and martin walters came in for the wedding with his wife and two children . 
 i got to hold his youngest , martin walters , jr. , but they called him mack . 
 he was dark-haired with black eyes , just like his father . 
 his daughter was at the shy stage , hiding behind her father 's legs and refusing to come out . 
 somebody was there acting as dj for the reception and there were a few couples dancing . 
 i remembered a night when gavin and i had crashed a reception and danced with that crowd . 
 i liked that gavin . 
 now he was surly at the best of times and there was no talking to him . 
 he 'd been absent during most of the stay in north dakota , off to who knew where , but he continued to guard at night just like always , sleeping in his corner during the day . 
 he did n't disturb my sleep , but then nobody could . 
 `` you look lovely . '' 
 davis was there , a cup of punch in his hands . 
 somebody had spiked it a little ; i could smell the alcohol from yards away . 
 `` davis , do n't say anything you ca n't take back tomorrow , '' i smiled at him . 
 `` come and dance with me , '' winkler walked over and took my arm . 
 `` winkler , there 's been several women ogling you all night , you should dance with them , '' i said . 
 `` i want to dance with you , '' he insisted . 
 `` fine , '' i sighed . 
 we waited until the current song ended and the dj started something else . 
 it was shameless , by garth brooks . 
 the thought crossed my mind briefly while we were dancing that winkler had almost died in a wheat field on the outskirts of garth brooks ' hometown . 
 it made me wonder if he appreciated the irony of it all . 
 i also wondered where gavin had gotten off to . 
 he could have danced with just about anyone there . 
 they all looked at him-when he was n't watching , anyway . 
 he was so tall and handsome -lrb- when he was n't scowling , that is -rrb- , and his wide shoulders alone would make most women swoon-even werewolf women . 
 winkler tried to get me to dance with him again , but i begged off so he took whitney for a round and then kathy jo . 
 weldon was the one who came and insisted i dance one more time , so i danced with the grand master of the werewolves . 
 held against his warmer than average body while we danced , i wondered how many women had the honor of dancing with weldon . 
 probably none of them vampire , that was a safe bet . 
 the party broke up around four and people went off to find beds while i took my shoes off and ran toward the river . 
 there was no ice now , although the water was still freezing . 
 i wondered if i could jump the river if i took a run at it , but was n't willing to take the risk . 
 sitting down on the bank instead , i mulled over the last five months of my life and wondered how different it might have been if i 'd still been human , or if i 'd had a sire who 'd taken responsibility for me . 
 i was quite shocked when gavin came to sit beside me after a bit . 
 `` you missed the dancing , '' i said . 
 `` there were plenty of women looking for you . '' 
 `` i was n't looking for them . '' 
 `` man , i made you swear off women altogether , did n't i ? '' 
 i said . 
 he did n't answer my question , asking one of his own , instead . 
 `` what are you doing out here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` thinking . 
 i was just wondering how my life would have been different , '' i said . 
 `` if i had n't been turned . 
 i guess i 'd be at home after working a full day , having something small for dinner and watching the news before going to bed . 
 and i was wondering how my life might have been different if somebody turned me that gave a damn , instead of betting on the outcome . '' 
 `` no speculation on that one ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i have nothing to base it on , '' i told him . 
 `` i will do it for you , '' he said almost gently . 
 `` your sire would have watched carefully , to make sure you were making the turn instead of dying a final death . 
 he would have a ready supply of blood nearby when you did wake , and he would have fed you the very first time . 
 then he would fill your nights with the teachings that you needed to learn and take you out and show you how to take blood properly from a donor . 
 your vampire father would be your shield and protection for several years , until you were ready to stand on your own . 
 he would have seen to your financial well-being , making sure you had a safe place to live . 
 and he would always be available in case you needed help of any kind . 
 you would have been his child , for as long as he lived . '' 
 `` well , that 's really nice , '' i said . 
 `` you make it sound good instead of horrible . 
 i 'll think of that instead of the image i have of being abandoned . '' 
 `` you should not have been , '' gavin said , rising . 
 `` you should go back soon . '' 
 he walked away . 
 as long as i live , i may never figure out that man . 
 i got up , carrying my shoes in my hand and headed to the cabin . 
 gavin came in behind me , just as i was getting into bed . 
 he climbed into his sleeping bag and i turned out the light . 
 * * * the night in corpus christi was rainy when we got back , with water standing in little puddles around the tarmac when we got off the plane . 
 i got my own bags off the plane even though davis offered to take them for me . 
 i was n't helpless or weak anymore . 
 i was vampire and a lot stronger than i looked . 
 it did n't rain often there on the beach , but gavin and i made our rounds in the rain that evening . 
 whitney and sam spent the night-they were planning on going to sam 's home in the morning . 
 my hair was plastered to my head when phil and glen took over and i probably looked like a drowned rat . 
 that 's what my mother used to say , anyway . 
 gavin was completely soaked as well . 
 i went straight to the shower and turned the water as hot as i could stand it . 
 even i felt chilled after all that cold rain . 
 gavin must have done the same thing ; he was toweling off and wearing dry pajama bottoms when i came out to grab one of my partial bags of blood . 
 i was feeling a little hungry for some reason , so i drank it on the way to my bedroom . 
 gavin , as usual , did n't even blink as he watched . 
 the weather turned really hot in june , but the beach was always ten to fifteen degrees cooler on mustang island than it was inland . 
 the days were longer , too , so i woke later in the evening . 
 the summer solstice came and i did n't wake until long after eight on that day . 
 that must be a weird day for vampires . 
 a short night and a long sleep . 
 i cooked for winkler and the others too , on that night . 
 they wanted pork chops , so i stuffed some for them . 
 winkler was as happy that night as i 'd ever seen for some reason , and he had n't even gone to find a hooker . 
 not that i knew of , anyway . 
 cleaning up the kitchen afterward was n't all that bad . 
 it was done quickly , so i made my way out the door to help gavin . 
 at least he was n't as surly as he 'd been before and i could n't figure that out-the man was more mercurial than the planet or the god . 
 there are insects that sing almost constantly throughout the summer on the beaches along the gulf coast and they were making their noise , now . 
 sometimes it was nearly deafening to my ears . 
 we occasionally heard the random car drive past on highway 361 ; vacationers coming home from a bar or teens that had been necking over on the ship channel . 
 otherwise , our guard duty was peaceful and uninterrupted . 
 three days later davis was there the moment i woke , asking me to cook dinner again . 
 `` winkler wants to celebrate a little , '' he said , so i checked the fridge for something i could fix . 
 winkler had sent someone after cube steak , which meant he wanted a chicken fry . 
 that 's exactly what he got , with all the trimmings . 
 he uncorked a couple bottles of wine , too , pouring out for everybody . 
 `` i have an announcement , '' he said , lifting his glass . 
 `` i finished the program , today . 
 the preliminary tests are very good . 
 i think we have a winner . '' 
 everybody clapped and winkler even handed a glass of wine to me so i could toast with the others . 
 `` congratulations , '' i said , clinking my glass against his . 
 he was nearly vibrating , he was so happy . 
 he hugged me , too , and did n't stop there , kissing me a couple of times . 
 i made the excuse that i had to go clean the kitchen , so his fellow werewolves expressed their appreciation and they all loaded into one of the suvs and took off toward a bar . 
 they probably should have taken gavin or me with them , as they were all plastered when they got back and i wondered how steady their driving had been on the road home . 
 i also wondered what kind of shape phil and glen would be in to stand guard when morning came . 
 that 's why i went ahead and looked through winkler 's book that he kept on the bar with phone numbers in it . 
 `` sam , he 's drunk and the others are , too . 
 do you think there 's any way we can get somebody else up here to stay for a while until they sleep it off ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 todd and one of the other guys can come up , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll get them on the road right away . '' 
 i was glad they arrived before dawn ; i was beginning to worry a little . 
 todd seemed happy to see me and told me he was getting out of running the hay machine that afternoon . 
 `` good for you , '' i said , patting him on the shoulder . 
 gavin and i went to bed shortly afterward and i was glad to lie down . 
 the summer heat was a little wearing , even on a vampire . 
 it turned out to be a good thing that todd and the other werewolf -lrb- he 'd been introduced to me as dennis -rrb- were still there when phil got up before the others and went out for a while . 
 he came back with two werewolves and six humans and all hell broke loose . 
 * * * i knew something was wrong even before i woke ; the noise was enough to wake the dead -lrb- no pun intended -rrb- , and i had to command my sluggish body to rise , although the sun had n't completely set that night . 
 gunshots were erupting from beyond the deck , with answering gunfire from inside the house . 
 there was shouting , growling , howling . 
 i think i was praying again , something i seldom do . 
 grabbing a bag of blood from the fridge , i was drinking it as quickly as i could but still felt like i was moving in slow motion . 
 i finished my meal the moment the sun slipped below the horizon . 
 phil and his army were lined up just off the deck leading to the french doors . 
 the deck itself was built of heavy redwood planking and stood around four feet off the ground . 
 phil and his allies were ducking below the deck while intermittently firing at winkler and the others inside the house . 
 with the answering gunfire coming from the house , every window at the back was shattered and the french doors were hanging off their hinges . 
 a bullet thunked into the frame while i watched and a chunk of wood flew off . 
 phil , for whatever reason , was making a challenge and not in the traditional werewolf fashion . 
 if winkler could only hang on for a few minutes , help was on the way . 
 i intended to get the head of this snake right off the bat and see if the body fell apart . 
 turning to mist before i left the guesthouse , i floated out the door , slipping behind phil and hovering there for a few seconds . 
 he and his buddies were still taking pot shots into the house ; i saw bags and containers of extra rounds lying at their feet . 
 no doubt about it , these guys were prepared for a siege . 
 i had no idea what kinds of weapons winkler had inside the house since guns and ammunition were n't something i went snooping into closets for . 
 backing up just a little , i got as low to the ground as i could . 
 none of phil 's bunch were watching behind them , they were watching what was in front of them . 
 it was almost peaceful there , the occasional bullet whizzing overhead notwithstanding , as i made my turn back to corporeality . 
 phil 's neck was broken when i tossed him aside before turning to the one next in line and smashing his face in with my fist . 
 now they were aiming guns at me , but just as i 'd done with the bunch in dallas , i snatched their guns away and whacked them in the head with the stock . 
 i was moving too fast for them to get a good shot off and one of them blasted a companion in the face , trying to hit me . 
 they would have done more damage-the werewolf members , anyway-if they 'd turned and tried to bite me . 
 winkler , realizing that something was going on outside , came out with davis and started helping me . 
 it did n't take long after that . 
 a bullet graze was all i had and i was brushing hair out of my face when gavin finally made his appearance . 
 `` you get to help clean up , '' i told him snippily , `` since you were n't here for the work . '' 
 he just raised an eyebrow at me and went to sling phil over his shoulder . 
 todd called sam 's dad , who was there in an hour with a box van . 
 phil and his bunch were unceremoniously loaded into it and winkler growled while assailants ' pockets were emptied . 
 i got the idea that phil had recruited from other packs and winkler was planning to hand information over to weldon , who 'd deliver the news -lrb- along with a reprimand -rrb- to waiting packmasters . 
 `` i know somebody who has fishing boats , '' sam sr. informed winkler , once the bodies were locked inside the van . 
 `` we 'll weight the bodies and dump them about ten miles out in the gulf . '' 
 gavin went with todd and sam sr. to do just that . 
 `` you need a new second , '' i told winkler , who nodded . 
 `` why the hell did he turn on you now ? '' 
 `` the program , '' winkler said . 
 `` i know you were n't awake for the argument we had before they all started shooting , but he 'd pitched in with somebody who offered him ten million for the program if he 'd deliver it and my head on a platter . '' 
 `` i sort of like your head where it is , '' i said . 
 `` but you know this could happen again . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 winkler raked fingers through his hair . 
 i think if i closed my eyes , i could see that gesture ; it was so much a part of him . 
 `` well , come on , '' i took his elbow . 
 `` you probably need something to drink and i want to talk to you . '' 
 this talk needed to be private , just between winkler and me , so we shut ourselves inside the bedroom that whitney and sam used when they came to visit . 
 i laid out what i thought was reality for winkler . 
 i gave him the best advice i could that night and he said he 'd think about it . 
 he thought about it for three days and then called a press conference . 
 he 'd gone to dallas to hold the thing and every major network and most of the minor ones were there . 
 i saw a sea of reporters in front of the dallas house on television . 
 gavin and i had stayed behind at the beach house . 
 `` i waited as long as i could to make this announcement , '' winkler said . 
 gavin and i were sitting in the media room inside the beach house , watching the huge flat screen on the wall . 
 it beat our small tv inside the guesthouse all to heck . 
 `` i know you all have been waiting anxiously for me to finish my recognition software , which will assist in the capture of known criminals , '' winkler went on . 
 `` the preliminary tests were so promising , but i have come to tell you tonight that the project is a complete failure . 
 the software kept developing glitches , which defied me at every turn . 
 so much time and effort has been spent on this project and it breaks my heart to have to abandon it at this juncture , but the sad truth is , it just does n't work . 
 i know everyone was hopeful that this would help capture some of the world 's most notorious criminals , but it just was n't meant to be . 
 not for me , anyway . 
 perhaps someone , somewhere down the road , will be able to develop something that will work . 
 i wish them well . '' 
 winkler stepped down from the podium , unwilling to take any questions . 
 `` when is he coming back ? '' 
 gavin asked , turning toward me . 
 `` day after tomorrow , '' i said . 
 `` he told me he wants to take care of some business while he 's there . 
 i think it probably has to do with naming his new second . 
 i hope it 's davis . 
 glen and phil were a little too close for my comfort . '' 
 i picked up the remote and turned the television off . 
 `` i think i 'll go roof-sit for a while . '' 
 gavin went off to the beach ; i saw him after a while , walking southward . 
 he came back about half an hour later , taking an occasional turn around the house . 
 i wondered if winkler would need as many guards as he now had . 
 i doubted it . 
 more than likely , the human ones would go for sure . 
 i did n't know about the wolves . 
 winkler 's announcement to the world that the software did n't work would more than likely get the enemies off his back , which was the ultimate goal and sole reason he 'd done it in the first place . 
 we 'd had a talk , he and i , about how much money was enough and if notoriety was worth your life . 
 winkler had made his decision . 
 i did n't need to walk the perimeter that night ; i could see everything just fine from my rooftop vantage point . 
 the night was quiet and peaceful around me , and the only sounds came from the insects , singing their endless song . 
 * * * i 'd had my shower and my almost pint of blood , brushed my teeth and got dressed in my usual jeans and t-shirt , ready to go to work the following evening when gavin appeared in my doorway . 
 `` what do you need , gavin ? '' 
 i asked , tying my athletic shoes . 
 `` lissa , come here , '' he said . 
 puzzled , i looked up at him . 
 i had no idea what he wanted , but went to him anyway . 
 i should have run . 
 i should have leapt out the window , turned to mist or done any other thing to get away from him . 
 but i did n't . 
 i had no way of knowing . 
 i do now . 
 `` lissa , '' gavin 's voice had suddenly gone as dark as midnight , `` you will do only what i tell you to do from this point forward . '' 
 i actually felt the compulsion settle over my brain , taking over my will and leaving gavin in complete control . 
 i shuddered , my eyes wide . 
 the small part of my mind that could still think was thinking furiously , although i could n't move a muscle . 
 gavin had n't given permission for me to move . 
 gavin was vampire . 
 who knew how many other compulsions he 'd placed on me to forget this or that ? 
 i never remembered seeing him eat anything . 
 or relieve himself , or do any other number of human things . 
 and-the thought hit me and i might have fallen if i 'd been able or commanded to by gavin-gavin was n't just any vampire . 
 the council had found me , long ago . 
 why had they waited so long to take me ? 
 i shuddered again . 
 was he going to kill me ? 
 right there , while i could n't move ? 
 winkler would come back and find a pile of ash -lrb- or whatever it was that vampires turn into -rrb- in the doorway to my bedroom . 
 would he know it was me ? 
 i was sure by that time that gavin had not only been placing compulsion on me all along , he 'd been doing it to winkler and the others as well . 
 my skin quivers when i 'm frightened , and it was quivering then . 
 i felt it shivering , but perhaps gavin had no control over that part of me . 
 he left me standing there while he pulled a packed suitcase out of his bedroom and then started throwing clothing into my bag . 
 was he getting rid of evidence or was i going somewhere else to die ? 
 my ribs ached , i was so frightened . 
 `` you may blink , '' his voice floated down the hall as he walked toward the kitchen , and he was sucking on a unit of blood when he returned . 
 i blinked and tears formed . 
 his voice had changed-the accent was definitely different . 
 how much of a chameleon was he ? 
 gavin ordered me to pull my own bag and i did so obediently . 
 i had no choice , following along behind him as he carried his own bag toward the road . 
 a car was parked there , waiting for us . 
 gavin ordered me into the back seat after stowing both our bags in the trunk . 
 he then climbed in on the passenger side . 
 the driver smelled a bit like gavin , only with a much lighter spice . 
 gavin did n't introduce him ; i did n't need to know . 
 i was dead and it did n't matter . 
 i did know , now , that the driver had to be vampire . 
 i just had n't sorted out the complexities of the scent , yet . 
 there was n't any time to explore that now . 
 i looked straight ahead ; gavin had n't told me i could move from my present position . 
 i sat there , my hands in my lap , still shivering and blinking . 
 gavin never turned his head , never looked back at me and never said anything to his companion while he drove . 
 i saw we were at the airport after a while , where another private jet waited . 
 this one was larger than winkler 's . 
 two more vampires waited on us when we drove up . 
 gavin came and ordered me out of the car while one of the others opened the trunk and got our bags out . 
 i wanted someone to explain to me where i was going and what they intended to do with me , but nobody was speaking to me . 
 `` go up the stairs , turn to the right and wait for me , '' gavin commanded . 
 if i 'd ever thought myself winkler 's puppet , that was nothing compared to what gavin was doing to me now . 
 my teeth were chattering by then , my breaths shaky and almost sobs , but i dutifully walked up the steps to the jet , turned to the right and waited . 
 gavin grabbed my arm and pulled me toward the back of the plane . 
 two chairs were there , with manacles and heavy chains attached to them . 
 gavin shoved me into one of those seats and proceeded to wrap the chains across my body , hooking them into clips on the sides before fastening the manacles on my wrists and ankles . 
 did he think i was going to escape his compulsion ? 
 that was ludicrous . 
 i could no more do anything other than what he told me than i could have flown at that moment . 
 `` do you think that 's necessary ? '' 
 one of the other vampires finally spoke , nodding toward the chains that held me to my seat . 
 `` are you questioning me ? '' 
 gavin snarled . 
 `` no . 
 i 'd never dream of questioning an assassin . '' 
 the vampire backed off but i 'd caught the tiniest bit of contempt in his voice . 
 he might not have meant for me to hear what followed that comment , but i did . 
 `` the mighty gavin montegue , afraid of a tiny female . '' 
 gavin moved the chains aside and sat in the seat opposite me while the others found seats toward the front . 
 there were three vampires , aside from gavin and me , sitting in the body of the plane with another two up front-a pilot and co-pilot . 
 vampires flew planes . 
 if i had n't been so frightened , i might have found it slightly humorous . 
 gavin could have done any number of things during the flight to keep me from being so frightened , but he did nothing . 
 i sat there with heavy chains crossing over my body , staring straight ahead while the jet took off and flew to some unknown destination . 
 dawn was only an hour away when we landed in new york . 
 i only knew that because one of the others mentioned it , but that 's all i knew . 
 gavin unhooked my chains and ordered me to exit the plane . 
 a limousine waited to whisk us to an unspecified location . 
 someone said safe house . 
 i had no idea what that meant . 
 was this where i was going to die ? 
 in a safe house ? 
 if so , then they were using a different dictionary than i normally did . 
 but then these were vampires . 
 i wanted to laugh hysterically at that thought . 
 i was vampire , too , but these were so far removed from what i was at that moment it was frightening . 
 it was almost like watching a humanoid race appear from outer space and change everything you ever knew until it was no longer recognizable . 
 we arrived at a three-story brick building where i was escorted to the basement . 
 gavin pointed me to a bedroom where there was a bed in the center and a cot over to the side . 
 i was ordered onto the cot and told to sleep . 
 my eyes closed immediately and darkness descended . 
 * * * `` yes , we have her , '' gavin was speaking into his cell phone . 
 `` we should arrive roughly two hours before dawn . '' 
 he listened for a few seconds . 
 `` i can hold her at the prearranged site , but is there no way to convene the council sooner ? '' 
 another period of listening followed by , `` of course , honored one . 
 i do understand . '' 
 gavin snapped his cell closed and glanced over at the sleeping lissa . 
 she had n't wakened ; he had n't told her she could . 
 he sighed . 
 * * * `` wake . '' 
 that was the first word i heard . 
 i was still alive . 
 perhaps it might have been a blessing if he 'd just killed me while i slept . 
 easier for both of us . 
 gavin was an assassin . 
 i had n't imagined that from the night before . 
 `` take this , '' a unit of blood was placed in my hands . 
 `` drink . '' 
 i drank . 
 i could n't finish it but he 'd told me to drink . 
 i drank it until it was gone and then coughed up half of it . 
 gavin cursed and ordered me to clean myself up with a towel he brought from the bathroom . 
 he then flung clothes at me and ordered me to change . 
 had i said mercurial , before ? 
 if there was a greater polarity between dr. jekyll and mr. hyde , i was seeing it now . 
 `` shit , gavin , what did you do ? '' 
 gavin flung my bloody clothing into a trash compacter while instructing me to walk in front of him . 
 the others looked like they were ready to leave . 
 the one who 'd spoken to him the night before was questioning him again . 
 at least somebody was n't afraid of him all that much . 
 i hoped he lived over it . 
 `` she ca n't finish an entire unit of blood , '' gavin grumbled . 
 `` i forgot about that . '' 
 `` well , hell , look how tiny she is . 
 what the f ** k were you thinking ? '' 
 `` will , this is not the time , '' gavin growled . 
 will had straight , dark brown hair and more than likely was quite attractive , if i 'd been in my right mind to notice such things . 
 not as tall as gavin , though , or as wide across the shoulders . 
 `` come , '' we were back to one-word commands . 
 once again we loaded into the car and drove to the airport . 
 once again i was chained to my seat , looking straight ahead while we took off and flew for hours . 
 somebody said heathrow when we landed and i knew where we were . 
 london . 
 where daryl said the council was . 
 i was being taken to the council . 
 it was going to be a public execution . 
 i blinked away tears . 
 i wanted to sob , but gavin had n't said i could . 
 how big a criminal , according to vampire law , was i ? 
 what had i done ? 
 i suppose i might find out when i stood in front of nameless , faceless vampires . 
 would gavin kill me while i stood there , helpless and under his compulsion ? 
 `` she 's crying . '' 
 will again . 
 `` turn the f ** k around , '' gavin growled . 
 will turned around . 
 we taxied in , coming to a stop where another car waited for us . 
 the driver brought out silver manacles and gavin handled them gingerly while he snapped them on my wrists and ankles . 
 silver did n't burn a vampire 's skin . 
 it made me feel weaker , though . 
 another chapter for the fvm . 
 there was n't any need for a manual , now . 
 i was on my way to die and would have no use for it . 
 `` that one looks dangerous , eh ? '' 
 definitely a british accent . 
 `` she killed twenty werewolves , '' gavin snarled . 
 was that my crime ? 
 killing twenty werewolves to save the grand master ? 
 did the council have something against him ? 
 did they want the peace to fail as well ? 
 why had n't they killed me in texas ? 
 at least i would have been somewhere close to home . 
 i was glad don was n't alive to worry over me , now . 
 i was far from home , facing death and i had no idea why . 
 we drove more than an hour , and i was placed in some sort of cell when we stopped . 
 the manacles were left on my wrists and i was locked in a nine-by-nine cube made of concrete , steel and titanium . 
 the cube was furnished with a small bed only , bolted tightly to the floor . 
 i might have liked a bath , but that did n't seem to be an option . 
 gavin told me i could move freely but could n't attempt to escape . 
 i huddled on the bed instead , picking at my silver chains . 
 they were alloyed with something else i could tell , perhaps steel or titanium . 
 i found myself wishing more than once that i 'd died from the werewolf bites . 
 it would be over now . 
 i 'd always been something of a reincarnationist ; the eastern religions had appealed to me more than others traditionally held in the united states . 
 what had i done in a former life to deserve what i was getting now ? 
 somehow , i knew when the sun rose and i slept . 
 `` come , '' gavin was back and holding the door open . 
 he handed a towel to me when i walked through the door and i was instructed to go before him down the long hallway . 
 at the end was a doorway with a shower off to the side . 
 gavin unlocked my chains and set them on the sink , ordered me to disrobe , turned the water on and instructed me to get inside the tiled cubicle . 
 the water was colder than i liked , but i had n't been allowed to speak . 
 i could n't tell him i wanted it warmer . 
 the taps tempted me as i washed under his watchful eye but i had n't been allowed to touch them . 
 i was paraded naked down the hallway after drying myself at gavin 's command . 
 clothing had been left inside the room for me while i bathed . 
 i dressed after gavin told me to do so . 
 he replaced my chains , too , while someone that i could n't see beyond the cell door handed off a unit of blood . 
 `` only drink until you 're full , '' gavin told me this time . 
 i did so , passing back a third of the blood when he held out his hand . 
 how pitiful was i ? 
 there had n't even been a mirror in the bathroom as i combed my hair with a cheap plastic comb . 
 i suppose it was to prevent anyone from making a weapon from it . 
 i could n't even begin to imagine what kind of weapon i might fashion from a thin excuse for a comb . 
 everything gavin was had been a lie . 
 from his name and accent to those times he 'd been almost gentle . 
 was he only trying to reel me in or placate me , somehow ? 
 and i was back to the time frame , as well . 
 why did he wait ? 
 what was the purpose in it ? 
 was he only postponing my capture until i had enough rope to hang myself ? 
 too many questions and no answers . 
 zero . 
 nada . 
 nothing . 
 gavin locked me in again and i was back to waiting . 
 he never said when the council would see me to pass judgment , and i was n't allowed to speak in order to ask . 
 my prison was underground , so there was no way to get to the sun . 
 yes , i would have gladly walked into it , if i 'd been able . 
 it brought back the memory when he 'd instructed me not to mention that again . 
 i had no idea why . 
 chapter 14 `` grand master , we have a problem . '' 
 winkler was on the phone and he looked like hell . 
 the beach house looked worse . 
 he 'd turned to wolf and shredded the place . 
 even the huge , flat screen television had been tossed through the newly replaced french doors . 
 he 'd found the note when he 'd returned from dallas . 
 gavin had fooled them all . 
 most vampires could lay an effective compulsion on werewolves , including the grand master . 
 `` i have her , '' the note said . 
 `` she is rogue and will be sentenced by the council . 
 under the peace agreement , we each punish our own . 
 she is dead to you now . '' 
 winkler read the note to weldon and then waited while weldon expressed his own rage . 
 winkler berated himself , over and over , for not taking lissa to dallas with him . 
 she might still be safe . 
 might be . 
 at the moment , he had no idea if she lived or not . 
 `` winkler ? '' 
 davis crunched over broken glass as he stepped inside the beach house . 
 davis was winkler 's second , now . 
 he 'd chosen and the pack had agreed . 
 glen did n't challenge . 
 davis saw winkler was on the phone and did n't disturb . 
 `` there 's really nothing we can do , '' weldon was back , resignation in his voice . 
 we ca n't even lodge a protest or wlodek will feel free to do the same with us in the future . '' 
 `` this makes me want to tear into the first vampire i see and tempts me to go out and hunt one down . '' 
 winkler was back to growling . 
 `` i know . 
 you have to fight that urge . 
 this is bigger than either one of us right now . 
 winkler , this is an order , leave the vampires alone . '' 
 `` that f ** ker placed compulsion , i know he did , '' winkler was back to something else he could sink his teeth into . 
 `` and he failed to harm any one of you . 
 his target was lissa all along . 
 i just ca n't fathom why the f ** k he took so long about it . '' 
 `` toying with his kill ? '' 
 winkler snarled . 
 `` i 've never heard of that before . 
 of course , that does n't mean it might not happen . '' 
 `` what if she 's dead ? '' 
 winkler was close to howling out his misery . 
 `` winkler , she most likely is . 
 you have to deal with this . 
 you have to . 
 you 've seen wolves go down before . 
 this is no different . 
 a member of your pack is dead . 
 you must move on . '' 
 winkler sighed morosely at the grand master 's words and ended the call . 
 weldon , however , had just thought of something . 
 he could n't lodge a protest ; wlodek might retaliate . 
 but there was something else he could do in memory of lissa . 
 he had no doubt she was dead . 
 vampires were swift with their justice , as the werewolves were . 
 opening a drawer in his desk , he pulled out a form edged in gold , with a place at the bottom for his official seal and signature . 
 weldon began to write . 
 * * * `` honored one , this came in the mail for you-it 's from the grand master . '' 
 charles handed over the large manila envelope . 
 curious , wlodek held out a hand to accept it . 
 `` any idea what this is ? '' 
 wlodek asked . 
 `` none . '' 
 charles was just as curious as wlodek was , perhaps more so . 
 wlodek opened the metal clasp and pulled the flap back , withdrawing an official-looking document . 
 setting it on the desk before him , wlodek began to read . 
 * * * i was huddled in a corner of my cell when gavin came for me after nightfall . 
 he almost did n't see me at first ; i was cowering behind the bed . 
 i felt small . 
 so very small . 
 was this part of my punishment ? 
 dragging out my fear until i was immune to it and wishing for death when it finally came ? 
 `` lissa ! '' 
 gavin 's voice was harsh and commanding . 
 i rose unsteadily , my chains clinking a little . 
 i still could n't speak . 
 i 'd been told i could move freely , but permission to speak had not been granted . 
 `` you will once again only do as i tell you , '' he said and what little free will i 'd been granted disappeared . 
 `` come . 
 walk ahead of me . '' 
 i came . 
 i walked ahead of him . 
 there was a car waiting for us above ground and i was instructed to sit in the back seat . 
 that was where i sat . 
 gavin climbed into the passenger seat , only it was where the driver 's seat would be at home . 
 i was n't home or anywhere near home . 
 i wanted to whimper except that i could n't . 
 tears fell and i could n't raise my hands to wipe them away . 
 the drive took nearly an hour -lrb- as close as i could reckon it , given my emotional state of mind -rrb- . 
 when gavin opened my door and ordered me out of the car , i found myself in a park-like area with trees dotting the landscape . 
 i had no idea where i was and i was n't going to find out , in all likelihood . 
 `` sleep , '' gavin commanded . 
 i dropped bonelessly to the ground . 
 * * * wlodek twirled a gold pen in his hands as he watched the two captives closely . 
 edward desmarais and sergio velenci stood at the side of the cave chamber , compulsion keeping them quiet and subdued . 
 sergio had done the actual turning ; that was his crime but at the suggestion and with the complicity of edward . 
 despicable , the both of them . 
 charles was sitting beside wlodek , busily hooking up the portable power supply to his laptop . 
 wlodek knew the machine was very efficient but he missed the days of a pen scratching on paper , along with the occasional dip into an inkbottle . 
 he also knew how upset charles actually was . 
 the younger vampire was tight-lipped and uncommunicative , going about his business and refusing to make eye contact . 
 charles had been that way ever since wlodek informed him -lrb- barely two hours earlier -rrb- that the female would be tried along with the others . 
 now the entire council was assembled , waiting patiently for gavin and the remaining prisoner to arrive . 
 gavin carried lissa as he strode inside the tunnel entrance , finding stephan and will guarding it . 
 will looked gavin 's burden over before turning his head away . 
 it was n't hard to see what will thought of the whole thing . 
 stephan 's mouth tightened but he also did n't speak . 
 russell and radomir were inside guarding wlodek , along with any other enforcers who might be in london at the moment . 
 the cave where the council met was a part of the chislehurst caves , but this particular cave was separate from the portions the public visited , with its own carefully guarded entrance . 
 most of the caves were man-made ; flint and chalk had been mined there in the past . 
 this cave was natural and had stalactites hanging in the back , with the occasional plink of moisture dripping off them . 
 gavin walked down the long tunnel that led to the cave , carrying the unconscious lissa . 
 no vampire other than council members , enforcers , assassins , and the occasional invited guest was allowed to see the entrance . 
 prisoners were either blindfolded and led in or carried in unconscious . 
 lissa was one of the latter . 
 wlodek watched as gavin brought the girl in . 
 she was small . 
 at times , it was difficult to determine from a photograph or an image on television just how large or small someone was . 
 he was only now seeing the reality . 
 gavin lowered the girl until her feet were nearly touching the floor of the cave . 
 `` wake , '' he said . 
 the girl woke and shrank back immediately . 
 * * * there was dim lighting inside the cave where i woke . 
 a horseshoe-shaped stone table stood before me , with a group of vampires sitting behind it . 
 the smell almost overwhelmed me at first and my skin automatically began to quiver . 
 i knew that smell ; had finally worked it out . 
 the older the vampire , the spicier and more exotic the scent , and here were some very old vampires . 
 the one sitting in the center of the table frowned and i could n't help it , i shrank back a little . 
 gavin pushed me forward again , not gently , and then backed away . 
 i still wore my manacles as i stared straight ahead-i had n't been instructed to do otherwise . 
 `` she is under your compulsion ? '' 
 the oldest vampire , the one sitting in the center of the stone table , asked . 
 he appeared young , as did all the others in the room . 
 his hair was dark , his eyes almost black and he had old-world , ruggedly handsome features . 
 `` yes , honored one . '' 
 gavin 's voice , from behind me . 
 `` i will place my own so that you may remove yours , '' he said . 
 `` of course , honored one . '' 
 `` lissa beth workman , '' the vampire looked me in the eye and if i 'd thought gavin 's voice was midnight , this was the blackest of velvet that held steel underneath . 
 `` you will do as i say from this point forward , '' he went on . 
 `` when gavin removes his compulsion , you will be under my control only . '' 
 gavin came around to face me . 
 `` you are no longer under my control , '' he said . 
 part of the blanket over my brain fell away . 
 the other remained , however . 
 i was still held immobile , unable to do anything unless the old one said . 
 `` you may blink , '' the old one told me . 
 i blinked . 
 `` first , we will deal with sergio velenci and edward desmarais , '' the old one said . 
 `` all of you have the records before you , and have taken the opportunity to question these prisoners , prior to this meeting ? '' 
 paper shuffled around the table , but i was staring straight ahead and could only see a bit off to each side with my peripheral vision . 
 it was hard to make out features of the council members ; the dim light came from behind them , casting their faces in shadow . 
 the vampire sitting next to the old one though-he was not old . 
 he had light brown hair , hazel eyes and seemed completely out of place among the others inside the cave . 
 his scent was much lighter than theirs and he was tapping quietly away on a laptop . 
 vampires had joined the electronic age . 
 `` are there any questions or comments concerning these two before we pass judgment ? '' 
 the old one was asking . 
 i could n't see either of the vampires who 'd changed my life forever , sitting in a bar making a wager . 
 they were likely under compulsion as well and had to stand there , staring straight ahead . 
 `` the reason or purpose of the turning ? '' 
 one voice , male , from the right . 
 `` shall we ask ? '' 
 the old one spoke as the younger one tapped away on the computer . 
 `` sergio velenci , '' the old one commanded . 
 `` give us the reason you made the turn . '' 
 `` a wager , honored one . '' 
 that caused a lot of paper shuffling around the table and furious tapping at the computer . 
 `` what was this wager ? '' 
 the old one asked . 
 `` edward bet me that the woman would take at least nine days to turn . '' 
 `` and the amount and type of the wager ? '' 
 `` one million pounds , '' sergio replied . 
 his voice was empty , emotionless . 
 `` so , you made a wager with edward that the woman would take less than nine days-that was your part in this , other than the turning ? '' 
 `` yes , honored one . '' 
 `` very well . 
 does that satisfy your curiosity , cecil ? '' 
 `` yes , honored one . '' 
 `` any further comments or questions , before sentence is passed ? '' 
 `` it is in my opinion , although it no longer has bearing on the case , that edward lost the bet . '' 
 another voice-female this time . 
 there was a snicker or two . 
 `` ilaisaane , while i appreciate the humor , it has no place in these proceedings . '' 
 `` as you say , honored one . '' 
 `` any further comments or questions before sentence is passed ? '' 
 several minutes went by while nobody said anything . 
 `` very well , '' the old one sighed . 
 `` we will pass judgment . 
 in the matter of sergio velenci , what say you ? '' 
 `` guilty . '' 
 a voice at the far left . 
 `` guilty . '' 
 a voice right next to that one . 
 calls of guilty continued until eight voices had expressed that opinion . 
 `` i also vote guilty , '' the old one said . 
 `` it is unanimous ; let the record reflect the vote . '' 
 the younger one tapped away . 
 `` russell , move the female over to the side , please . '' 
 a vampire to my left -lrb- i had n't been able to see him before -rrb- came and took my arm , moving me over to the side . 
 i was now facing the center of the room and could see quite a bit more than i could earlier . 
 i stood there , immobile , blinking like an owl . 
 `` bring sergio forward . '' 
 another vampire brought sergio forward . 
 i recognized him , all right-the dark good looks and cruel mouth i 'd seen outside my car door in the parking lot of a bar . 
 if i could have moved or spoken , i imagine i would have rushed forward to slap him and curse him while i did it . 
 as it was i watched , frightened out of my wits . 
 i was seeing what would happen to me in only a few moments . 
 `` gavin , would you like to perform this service ? '' 
 the old one asked . 
 `` with pleasure , '' gavin snarled , pacing forward . 
 i saw something then that i had n't known was possible . 
 gavin 's eyes went red-as red as blood-and his fangs descended . 
 then , very lengthy claws formed on his fingers and with one slicing blow , he decapitated sergio velenci . 
 sergio 's head rolled away and his body dropped to the floor . 
 that was when i saw what happens to a vampire when they die . 
 the clothing was intact but the body began to flake away until something like gray ash formed . 
 it was only a matter of minutes until the entire body was completely decomposed , bones and all . 
 another vampire came forward and lifted the clothing away , carrying it toward the cave entrance . 
 i did n't see what he did with it . 
 `` now , '' the old one said . 
 `` in the matter of edward desmarais , what say you ? '' 
 once more , the vote passed from left to right with every vote guilty . 
 `` very well , the vote is unanimous . 
 let the record reflect the vote . 
 bring edward forward . '' 
 edward was brought over and stood amid sergio 's ashes . 
 `` gavin ? '' 
 gavin , who had n't changed his appearance one bit , sliced the head from edward desmarais . 
 he , like his partner in crime sergio , flaked away while i stared in horror . 
 edward 's clothing was removed , just as sergio 's was before . 
 if gavin thought to frighten me by leaving claws and fangs out , he was doing an excellent job . 
 i was scared witless just by looking at him . 
 `` now , let us turn to the matter of lissa beth workman . 
 russell . '' 
 not even a gasp or a pause came as two lives were snuffed out . 
 russell led me back to the center of the room and now i was standing within the ashes of edward and sergio . 
 would gavin take pleasure in my death as he had the others ? 
 i hoped mine would be as swift as he 'd made theirs . 
 i wanted to cry again but that would show weakness . 
 i did n't belong there . 
 i belonged in a small town in oklahoma where i might have mourned my husband in peace , gone back to my job at the courthouse and had lunch with my co-workers now and then . 
 instead , here i was , in something so far removed from my previous reality i might as well have been on another planet . 
 `` now , '' the old one said , `` i originally sent gavin to terminate this one , since she had been turned in complete disregard of protocol , with no legitimate sire or instruction . 
 she managed to offer her services to william winkler , who hired her as a bodyguard . '' 
 there were a few indrawn breaths around the room ; they all recognized winkler 's name . 
 `` as you know , i , as well as many others in this room , was dreading the completion of the software he was creating because it would give any potential enemy the tools to recognize us and hunt us down , should we be exposed . 
 that we could not have . 
 therefore , i sent gavin in as a spy of sorts , to wait this thing out and see how it progressed . 
 his job was two-fold-to watch this one , '' he nodded toward me , `` and to report on the software being developed by william winkler . 
 gavin has performed admirably in both respects . '' 
 at that moment , i think i wanted to kill gavin . 
 he 'd sold winkler and me both down the river . 
 `` however , '' the old one continued , `` things often change , once we become involved in them . 
 gavin watched while this one learned how to feed herself properly . 
 and then used every bit of talent and logic she had to find william winkler where he 'd been buried in a wheat field . 
 after that , she was sent to protect the grand master of the werewolves , weldon harper . 
 i wish to hear this story in her own words . 
 please bear with me before we pass sentence . '' 
 `` now , '' he looked at me , his eyes hard , `` you will tell me what transpired when you rescued weldon harper from the challenge . 
 you will only speak the truth and you will answer every question asked inside this chamber . 
 do you understand ? 
 speak now . '' 
 i had n't spoken any words in ten days . 
 my voice was raspy as a result when i began . 
 `` i was sent to grand forks , north dakota , to protect the grand master while he met with packmasters from across the united states , '' i said . 
 * * * `` so , you had a bad feeling ? '' 
 one of the council members asked . 
 i could n't explain it any better . 
 my skin had been crawling . 
 `` my skin was crawling , '' i explained . 
 they probably would n't accept that any more than the bad feeling , but that 's what i had . 
 `` let us move on , '' the old one said . 
 `` you went after weldon harper . 
 where was he ? '' 
 `` about five miles away and the wolves were beginning to turn . 
 i hovered over them , waiting for them to run . 
 i intended to follow along from above , to watch over the grand master . '' 
 `` wait . 
 what did you just say ? '' 
 a council member to the left asked . 
 `` i give you permission to turn your head , '' the old one said . 
 i turned to look at the council member who 'd asked the question . 
 he was a tall black man . 
 `` which part do you want me to repeat ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` you said you hovered , is that the correct term ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i hovered over them . 
 i intended to follow along , overhead . '' 
 there was rustling now , along with muted conversation . 
 the old one was now interested . 
 `` how were you hovering overhead ? '' 
 `` i turned to mist before i got to the wolves , '' i said simply . 
 `` it was the easiest way to do it . 
 i ca n't imagine that i could have just walked into five hundred werewolves , they would probably have torn me apart . '' 
 `` you turned to mist . '' 
 the old one was repeating my words . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` can you turn to mist now ? 
 i wish to see this . '' 
 feeling as if i 'd made a gaffe of some sort , i concentrated . 
 they could all probably turn to mist in a matter of seconds . 
 for me , it took about four or five minutes , to the best of my calculations . 
 my feet turned first , i could see them disappearing , and then my hands , followed by the rest of my body . 
 i heard gavin 's swift intake of breath behind me and had no idea why . 
 the compulsion held me in place so i could n't escape or go anywhere . 
 i imagined myself flying free , however . 
 soaring through the entrance to the cave and far away , where i could spend my last night in freedom before walking into the sun . 
 it might not be as swift as gavin 's decapitation , but at least the choice would be mine . 
 `` very well , turn back , now , '' the old one commanded . 
 i turned back , taking another four or five minutes to make the change . 
 `` so . '' 
 the old one shuffled his papers a little . 
 `` tell us what happened next . '' 
 i explained how i 'd descended at an angle so i could make the change on the way , landing next to the wolves that attacked weldon . 
 i went over how i 'd thrown him over my shoulder after telling daryl to wade into the main body of wolves to protect himself . 
 i then described how i 'd taken weldon up a tree and left him , dropping back down to lead the attackers away from the grand master and toward the river . 
 `` i stood in the river and turned to mist again , before going back to the tree . 
 with weldon over my shoulder , i climbed down and rushed him to his home to get help . 
 fifteen more werewolves followed us . 
 i fought them off until only six were left and then three wolves came to assist . '' 
 `` and this nearly killed you ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i was covered in bites . 
 i almost died . 
 i wish i had died . 
 that would save you the trouble , here and now . '' 
 `` it might interest you to know what i have here , under my hand , '' the old one informed me , lifting a paper . 
 `` this came from the grand master . 
 according to the peace agreement , we do not interfere with the punishment of werewolves and they do not interfere with the punishment of vampires . 
 the grand master believes you dead already , so he sent this to me . 
 this , in itself , is unprecedented . 
 i will read it to you . '' 
 `` be it herewith known among the werewolf race now residing upon the earth , that the following name shall be added to our registers and be forthwith recognized as a member of the pack from this day forward . 
 and therefore , whether the recipient be living or dead , they will have all honor bestowed upon them , for services rendered to the werewolf race . '' 
 `` your name , in full , is written here , '' the old one turned the paper for me to see . 
 `` it is signed by the grand master himself , also by his son , daryl , along with packmasters martin walters and thomas williams jr. . 
 as far as i know , no vampire has ever received this honor . 
 what do you make of that ? '' 
 chapter 15 `` i suppose it 's good he wrote living or dead on it . '' 
 `` yes , i suppose it is , '' the old one agreed . 
 `` now , gavin here tells me you were able to contact him through mindspeech . 
 is this correct ? '' 
 `` i was n't sure he heard me , '' i said . 
 `` robert , will you come forward ? '' 
 the old one motioned for a vampire at the back of the room to approach . 
 `` robert can use mindspeech , along with his brother . 
 i would like for you to listen and see if you can hear what he is sending . '' 
 a vampire came forward and stood near me . 
 what is your favorite color ? 
 he sent . 
 blue , i sent back to him . 
 `` honored one , she just answered my question , '' robert said . 
 `` ask her this question , '' the old one wrote something on a piece of paper with a gold pen and handed it to robert . 
 he wants to know what your mother 's first name was . 
 `` my mother 's first name was harriett , '' i said . 
 `` i am convinced , '' the old one said . 
 i had no idea why i was jumping through these hoops . 
 they were just going to kill me . 
 maybe it was the cat , toying with the mouse before they ate it . 
 they 'd had sergio and edward for a while , it seems , and questioned them . 
 i was the new toy . 
 `` now , '' the old one continued , `` i would like to hear you ask for your life . 
 tell me why you deserve to live before we pass sentence . '' 
 frantically searching my mind , i failed to come up with any answer . 
 what did the old one want from me ? 
 did he want me to fall to my knees and beg ? 
 my tears had n't moved gavin or any of the others . 
 would they become impatient while i tried to defend myself and my actions ? 
 would it make any difference ? 
 finally , i realized that i had no answer . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i said , taking a shaky breath . 
 `` how can i say i deserve to live , instead of somebody else ? 
 who 's to say they 're deserving ? 
 maybe deserving over this one , but not that one . 
 am i a saint ? 
 i do n't think the pope has my name on a list . 
 am i the scum of the earth ? 
 that answer is no as well . 
 there 's nothing that separates me from most people , except that now i do n't get to walk in daylight . 
 i tried that and got burned . 
 i took on a pack of werewolves and almost got bitten to death . 
 i stood in front of a young werewolf and took three bullets in the back because i did n't think he deserved to die . 
 i sent desperate mindspeech to someone i considered a friend because terrorists were about to blast their way through a wall and i was afraid he 'd get hit . 
 i misted behind a man who was trying to murder people inside a house and killed him , because the people in the house were the only friends i had . 
 i stand before you now because two morons who belonged to your race decided to have some fun at an old woman 's expense on the day her husband died . 
 i have no idea why i deserve to live . 
 do you ? '' 
 the young vampire who 'd been tapping at his computer now sat there , his fingers still , his mouth open in surprise . 
 i think i 'd just insulted the entire vampire race as a whole . 
 russell pulled me toward the tunnel that led into the cave at the old one 's command . 
 russell never said i could n't move , so i paced around a little inside the tunnel , my chains swaying and clanking while the vampires inside the cave had a confab . 
 they were deciding to kill me . 
 that was the only conclusion i could draw . 
 gavin ? 
 he was probably sharpening his claws . 
 `` slow down , little miss , '' russell said . 
 he had n't used compulsion but i figured he was tired of hearing my chains rattling . 
 i backed up to the tunnel wall and leaned against it , brushing yet another stray tear off my face . 
 russell did n't smell that old ; his scent was close to that of the young one sitting next to the oldest one at the table . 
 both scents were different-i could pick them out of a room full of vampires , now , but their smell had the same quality or weight to it . 
 gavin 's , on the other hand , was heavier than most inside the chamber . 
 only the council members had a more exotic spice to theirs . 
 i suppose they could all do that ; tell from the scent the approximate age or who was older than whom . 
 we were far enough into the tunnel , too , that i could n't hear anything of the discussion . 
 probably just as well . 
 i 'm sure gavin was laughing over how he 'd duped me all that time . 
 if my life had n't been about to end , i might have considered sending him mindspeech just to tell him how despicable he was . 
 i did n't think i had sufficient vocabulary to curse him or justify the contempt i felt for him . 
 robert was the one to come for us . 
 i could n't tell anything from his eyes ; they were hooded and it was dark inside the tunnel , even for a vampire 's sight . 
 robert walked in front of me , russell behind as we reentered the council chamber . 
 gavin now stood slightly to the side so i could take my place amid sergio and edward 's ashes . 
 i wanted to laugh a bit hysterically over who would come to clean up their -lrb- and my -rrb- mess afterward . 
 the old one looked at me for a moment . 
 `` are there any further comments or questions before we pass judgment ? '' 
 i was back to shivering at his words . 
 there was nothing , now , to prolong my life or delay my execution . 
 `` in the matter of lissa beth workman , what say you ? '' 
 i had to bite my lower lip to keep it from trembling and i was desperate to keep the tears in my eyes from falling . 
 i wondered how many prisoners , -lrb- who still had some of their mental capacity left , anyway -rrb- prostrated themselves before the council at this point and begged for mercy . 
 i decided to go out with as much dignity as i could . 
 i kept telling myself , again and again , that it would be over quickly . 
 `` guilty , '' came the first voice . 
 i trembled but stood up straight . 
 `` not guilty . '' 
 it was the black council member . 
 i could n't send a thank you from where i was headed , but i appreciated his vote all the same . 
 `` not guilty . '' 
 `` not guilty . '' 
 `` guilty . '' 
 the voices droned on until eight members had called out their votes ; four guilty , four not guilty . 
 one of the females had voted for me , one against . 
 it came down to the old one 's vote and since he was in charge , i no longer held any hope . 
 gavin was going to pull out those claws-i had no idea where they 'd come from-and just slice my head from my shoulders . 
 `` well , it is my vote that decides , is it ? '' 
 the old one 's features belied his scent , which was very , very old to me . 
 `` for the ones i vote with , i hold my own judgment in this and it is not your votes in this matter which sway me . 
 for the ones i vote against , i instruct you from this point to withhold your opinions on the subject . 
 i do not wish to hear any future discussion or denouncement . 
 let the records reflect that wlodek , head of the vampire council , votes not guilty . '' 
 the tears fell then . 
 i could n't hold them back and i was sniffling like a baby . 
 my sobs i was holding back , however . 
 i did n't want anyone to have that vision of me in their minds . 
 `` lissa beth workman , there are conditions that come with our granting of your life , '' wlodek informed me after giving permission to move my hands and arms . 
 `` we must find a surrogate sire for you and i must take time to ponder the matter and make my offers to see if anyone is willing . 
 you must follow his teachings and instructions , once that sire accepts responsibility for you . 
 if you do not , you may well find yourself standing in this very same spot and the vote will not go kindly the next time . 
 do you understand this ? '' 
 `` y-yes , '' i stuttered a little and nodded . 
 i was still wiping tears away . 
 vampires must not have any emotions or the impenetrable mask must be part of what they learned early on . 
 none of them had any expression showing . 
 `` i will leave my compulsion in place until your sire is found . 
 i command you now not to attempt to escape and to follow the instructions of all other vampires that i send to you . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` very well . 
 radomir , please take her to the side . 
 she will come home with me until a sire may be found . 
 see to her needs . '' 
 wlodek waved a hand imperiously and another vampire , darkly handsome and tall -lrb- just like most of the rest of them -rrb- , pulled me over to the side of the cave . 
 there was still some council business to tie up and wlodek was instructing charles , the younger one typing on the laptop , on what to include in the official record . 
 radomir produced a beautiful silk handkerchief from somewhere and handed it to me . 
 i thought it a shame that i was going to wipe my tears with it . 
 they 're almost clear but not quite . 
 i suppose you could call them a pale amber color , since they 're made from serum , after all . 
 i was going to stain that snowy whiteness . 
 gavin also moved away from the center of the chamber since his services had n't been needed . 
 i wondered how disappointed he was over that . 
 he was standing at the back of the cave beside the entrance , almost at attention , staring over the heads of the council members . 
 it 's strange , the feeling i had after they 'd passed sentence . 
 i felt numb . 
 that 's the best way i could describe it . 
 maybe later i 'd jump up and down with joy , but it was something else i was going to have to deal with . 
 there had been little joy in my life for a while and i was n't sure i knew what to do with it . 
 what i can tell you is this-after that night in the council chamber , i could have picked out any member just by their scent , along with the scents of the enforcers or whatever they were , standing around the perimeter . 
 that was a strange feeling . 
 of course , i could do the same thing with any of the werewolves i knew . 
 i 'd know winkler from a quarter of a mile away , if the wind were blowing in the proper direction . 
 the meeting was over , finally , and members began filing out . 
 the enforcers split up , escorting council members out of the cave two or three at a time . 
 russell and radomir remained to protect wlodek and charles . 
 the other one that remained was gavin . 
 wlodek did n't have to say anything ; charles packed up his papers and things in a satchel along with his laptop which he handled with care , and then hefted the satchel over his shoulder . 
 at some unspoken cue , radomir motioned for me to follow him . 
 gavin went out first , wlodek next , and then charles and russell . 
 i walked between russell and radomir , who came out last of all . 
 there was a limo waiting for wlodek , and he was put in the car first . 
 i was led to the other side and seated inside the spacious , black leather interior . 
 gavin had disappeared already ; i did n't see him anywhere . 
 russell and radomir rode in the back of the limo facing us and guarding wlodek , i 'm sure . 
 as if he needed guarding from me . 
 at that moment , i felt weak as a kitten , drained completely from my ordeal and still wearing my silver manacles . 
 `` we will remove those when we arrive at the manor , '' wlodek said , nodding toward my chains . 
 i wanted to huddle in my corner of the car and hug my arms around myself with my knees drawn up to my chin . 
 that was n't suitable behavior so i sat there , not saying anything . 
 my hands were clasped in my lap and my eyes were on my athletic shoes , which still showed signs of ash from sergio and edward . 
 charles sat up front with the driver , and except for wlodek 's one sentence directed at me , nobody had spoken a word . 
 i stared as we passed through tall , wrought iron gates before parking on a wide , circular drive somewhere in the english countryside . 
 i would later learn it was in kent , but i had no way of knowing where i was at that moment . 
 charles was standing outside the limo , talking on a cell phone when radomir opened my door to let me out . 
 `` have her clothes sent over , '' charles instructed someone before ending the call . 
 the manor we 'd parked near was three stories high and quite large . 
 i tried not to gape as i was led up the front steps . 
 the wide front door opened from the inside and the vampire who stood back to allow us entry was nearly seven feet tall with broad features and large hands . 
 he nodded respectfully to wlodek who walked in first . 
 `` thank you , rolfe , '' wlodek announced , sweeping inside . 
 at least wlodek was n't dressed in a cape and a red bow tie or anything . 
 he had a dark pin-stripe suit on , with a very tasteful tie . 
 the others were dressed similarly , i was only now noticing . 
 i suppose if your life is hanging in the balance , what people are wearing sort of goes right past you . 
 `` come on , '' charles set his satchel inside the door and grabbed my arm , leading me through the entryway and then to the left and down a short hall until we made another left into the kitchen . 
 the only appliance in that kitchen that did n't look more than a hundred years old was the refrigerator -lrb- or should i say bank of refrigerators -rrb- , and freezers . 
 they took up an entire wall , all in stainless steel , and charles opened one of them to pull out a pint of blood . 
 `` you look like you could use this , '' he said . 
 `` not that you 're not pretty or anything , '' he held up a hand . 
 `` it 's just that you look worn out . 
 drink as much as you can , it 'll help . '' 
 i was a little embarrassed to drink in front of him , but i did eventually bite off the little top and sip until i 'd gotten about half of it down . 
 `` we were told you could n't finish a whole one , '' charles took the bag back . 
 `` i 'll leave this here in case you get peckish again . '' 
 he then produced a key from a pocket and unlocked my manacles , setting them on the counter nearby . 
 i rubbed my wrists a little . 
 in case i got peckish ? 
 yes , i knew what the british meant when they said peckish . 
 it meant a little hungry . 
 `` do you mean i can walk through the house ? 
 i 'm not going to be locked up ? '' 
 my face must have indicated my shock because charles came and hugged me , rocking me gently for a moment or two before pulling away a little . 
 `` you just ca n't try to escape , '' his eyes peered into mine . 
 `` and wlodek will want to see you , sometime before dawn . 
 he 'll tell you that you ca n't attempt to hurt anyone in this house , but that 's standard . '' 
 he let me go . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to get so friendly . 
 it 's just what i am . 
 they tell me you 're from oklahoma . 
 do they still have indians there ? '' 
 i stared , dumbfounded for a few seconds over charles ' question before i found my voice and my sense-enough to answer him , anyway . 
 `` of course there are . 
 in this day and age , you can look up just about anything on the internet , including what 's going on in oklahoma . 
 i saw you tapping away on that computer . 
 do n't tell me you have n't done some surfing . '' 
 charles ' cell phone rang . 
 he answered and i did my best not to listen in . 
 `` your clothes are here , '' he said , leading me out of the kitchen . 
 `` actually i do surf , whenever i have time , '' he said . 
 `` that 's how i found out about you . 
 some kid who was buying drugs said he saw his dealer get bitten by a female vampire . '' 
 charles sounded a little guilty over that admission . 
 `` oh lord , '' i sighed . 
 `` first crack out of the bag and i get caught . '' 
 charles grinned suddenly , transforming his face . 
 honestly , i was glad somebody was able to smile . 
 those other vampires were just too serious . 
 rolfe had my suitcase in the entryway when we walked in . 
 `` where can i take this ? '' 
 i asked , lifting my bag . 
 i really wanted a shower ; i just did n't know how to tell charles that . 
 `` come with me , i think there 's a room on the second floor , '' charles said as we walked down the hall until we came to a hidden set of stairs . 
 these were much narrower than the grand staircase that split and went down each side of the huge entryway . 
 `` this set of steps is closer , '' charles said as we walked up . 
 we reached the second floor and came out a door at the top of the steps . 
 the hall ran the length of the manor and was wide , with occasional mirrors and tables interspersed down its length . 
 the dark blue carpet underfoot was so soft and deep i sank into it . 
 at that point , i was hoping not to spread edward and sergio on wlodek 's rugs . 
 i ventured to say that to charles and he had to stop , he was laughing so hard . 
 his cell phone rang and i could hear , as plain as day , wlodek asking charles what the unholy racket was . 
 `` lissa 's spreading edward and sergio on your carpets . '' 
 charles was still snickering . 
 wlodek 's communication was cut off and i heard laughter from one floor above us . 
 `` he needed a good laugh , '' charles said and led me forward a little farther . 
 `` you get this room , '' he said , opening a door to a suite . 
 it was period and quite beautiful . 
 the walls were a sky blue with white trim , but the bathroom and closet off to the side were very modern . 
 walking into the bathroom , i sat down on the tiled edge of the garden tub and sighed . 
 `` go ahead and clean up , i 'll come back when wlodek wants you , '' charles said , closing the bathroom door behind him . 
 i did n't take long to shower , although the huge tub looked like a good place to soak . 
 i had no idea how long i 'd be staying , so there might not be enough time . 
 cursing gavin 's packing skills later , i pulled out my blue top and black slacks . 
 they 'd been wadded up and tossed inside , along with half my other things . 
 i had to settle for wearing jeans again with the plum top ; it was n't horribly wrinkled . 
 i was hanging up some of my things , hoping the wrinkles would come out of them when charles knocked . 
 at least this time my hair was braided and looked nice . 
 i 'd caught my reflection in the bathroom mirror before i cleaned up and i 'd looked like hell . 
 `` well , this is an improvement , '' charles said , looking me over . 
 `` follow me . 
 the boss is waiting . '' 
 i thought it must be nice to be able to call wlodek the boss . 
 for me , he 'd held my life in his hands . 
 he could have just as easily crushed it out of existence with a flick of his fingers . 
 `` sit down , '' wlodek said as charles ushered me inside his study . 
 the man had money , that 's all there was to it . 
 i was n't up on antique rugs or desks or furniture , for that matter , but everything in that room had a huge , invisible price tag . 
 there was a wall of bookcases stuffed with books of all kinds and an authentic monet hanging on the opposite wall . 
 `` a gift , from russell , '' wlodek caught me staring at the painting . 
 `` it belonged to his sire and when xavier was killed , russell gave the painting to me . 
 i 'd often admired it in xavier 's study . 
 russell is using the room for something else , now . '' 
 `` do you want me to stay , honored one ? '' 
 charles asked politely . 
 i guess he did n't call him boss to his face . 
 `` you may stay , charles . 
 i will require your help with the transfers anyway . '' 
 charles sat down in the chair next to mine , pulling a pad of paper and a pen out of his suit coat pocket . 
 `` ms. workman , your official sire is deceased , now , '' wlodek began . 
 i knew that . 
 i 'd seen gavin off him myself and the image was still burned in my brain . 
 nodding seemed to be a good idea so i did . 
 `` sergio 's sire is also deceased . '' 
 well , i had n't thought of that possibility before . 
 i nodded again . 
 `` normally , if a vampire is brought up on charges and sentenced to death by the council , their assets are liquidated and handed over to the council unless they have legitimate issue . '' 
 oh , lord , legal terms . 
 sergio did n't have any legitimate children . 
 i was n't legitimate by any stretch of the imagination . 
 winkler said that the child had to be registered with the council . 
 i was n't registered . 
 i wondered if my surrogate sire would have to do that . 
 `` and i 'm not legitimate . '' 
 the words were flat . 
 `` that is no longer specifically true . 
 when the council decided to spare your life tonight , you gained a bit of legitimacy . 
 your new sire , whomever that may be , will then petition the council on your behalf to get you fully registered . 
 mind you , do not step out of line or that will all be revoked in an instant . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` and since your legitimacy and registration are now only a matter of time , sergio 's assets will pass to you . 
 your surrogate sire will advise you on its use and in what manner it may be invested . '' 
 `` like a trust , '' i said . 
 hey , i used to work for a judge . 
 `` exactly . 
 when your five year period of learning is up , the funds will be yours to control . '' 
 `` funds ? '' 
 i started to shiver . 
 `` you look frightened , ms. workman , '' wlodek observed . 
 only because i was . 
 funds sounded like money . 
 lots of it . 
 `` charles has pulled up the records on sergio 's holdings . '' 
 wlodek held a piece of paper in his hands . 
 `` they include a home in spain , a building in london and cash , investments and other holdings in excess of four hundred million pounds . '' 
 my fingers were twisting together in my lap . 
 it was a good thing somebody else was going to be controlling all that for me . 
 i had no idea what to do with it . 
 none at all . 
 i gulped a little . 
 `` i hope my sire does n't mind working with that , '' i said . 
 `` i would n't know where to start . '' 
 `` that is what he will be there for , among a great number of other things . '' 
 wlodek almost smiled . 
 `` it is refreshing to hear your honesty . 
 charles will make the transfers when the time comes and i 'm sure you will be provided with a monthly stipend of some sort . 
 also , an official identity will be established for you . 
 the unfortunate part of that is you must leave the name workman behind . 
 you may keep lissa if you want ; it is a pretty name , but your last name will be tied too easily to your former existence so you must not use it again . 
 haddon is also no longer an option , since many people might recognize that as well . '' 
 `` here . '' 
 charles rose and pulled a book off the shelf against the wall . 
 `` baby names ? '' 
 i could n't believe it , charles was handing me a book of baby names . 
 `` it 's a legitimate source , '' he sniffed , pretending to be wounded . 
 flipping through the book , i looked at this name or that until i found something . 
 it was n't even in the female section , either . 
 it was in the males and one of the meanings for the name in the book was rogue . 
 `` huston , '' i said . 
 `` is that all right ? '' 
 `` sounds good , '' charles was writing that down . 
 `` we can have an id for you in a couple of days , along with a birth certificate and a passport . '' 
 `` holy crap , you guys are good . '' 
 i slapped a hand across my mouth . 
 that probably was n't a wise thing to say in front of the boss . 
 wlodek shuffled things around on his desk for a minute . 
 `` now , '' wlodek said , focusing on me again , `` just a few other things . 
 you are not to harm anyone inside this house unless they are threatening me , charles or radomir . '' 
 `` radomir 's a decent person , '' i said . 
 `` am i chopped liver ? '' 
 charles complained . 
 `` honey , you 're pure caviar , '' i said . 
 `` not anywhere close to liver . 
 i was just thinking along the line of enforcers . 
 and assassins . '' 
 `` you got all that from such brief exposure ? '' 
 charles was staring at me . 
 `` it was n't hard , '' i said . 
 `` and if anyone 's threatening you and it is n't radomir or the honored one , here , i 'll be happy to slap a knot on their head for you . '' 
 `` is that something they say in oklahoma ? '' 
 charles was smiling . 
 `` yes . 
 and half the judges on the bench pack a gun in the courthouse . 
 welcome to the wild west . 
 the only place that might be a little weirder is texas . '' 
 `` we 're well-versed on texas , '' wlodek observed dryly . 
 he did n't elaborate . 
 * * * the bed was wonderful . 
 i made a point to lie down on it before dawn caused me to pass out . 
 the windows had all been blocked inside the bedroom by retractable panels that could be drawn back by pressing a button . 
 the twilight sky was overcast when i woke the following evening ; i found the button and checked it out . 
 would n't do to forget to shut those things before dawn since the windows were right in front of the bed . 
 i found that charles was waiting for me when i went down for my dinner . 
 `` wlodek asked me to take you into london . 
 your wardrobe is , well , tiny , '' he said , grinning a lop-sided grin . 
 `` i have some cash , '' i said . 
 `` but it 's u.s. dollars . 
 is there someplace to exchange it ? '' 
 my envelope of cash had been inside my suitcase but gavin left my purse behind . 
 the purse had held my fake id , the cell that winkler had given me and the company credit card i 'd used . 
 gavin . 
 just the thought of him made me want to growl and allow my fangs to slip out . 
 i wanted to slap him . 
 give him a knee in the groin . 
 the sad thing ? 
 i 'd never be able to get close enough to do that . 
 all he had to do was place compulsion and it would be sit , stay , blink . 
 fuck him . 
 fuck him and the vampire sire that made him . 
 `` keep your money for now . 
 wlodek said to buy what you need and use his card . '' 
 charles flashed a card at me . 
 `` we can get yours exchanged later . '' 
 charles drove and except for my limo rides , it was the first time i 'd really experienced riding in a car in england . 
 i got to sit up front with him , too , and aside from grabbing the oh god handle once in a while when i was convinced he was about to get us killed , it was a fascinating trip . 
 i 'd heard of harrod 's before , but never thought i 'd shop there . 
 they have casual designers . 
 international designers . 
 luxury collections . 
 designer shoes . 
 i almost hyperventilated . 
 charles had to fan me to keep me on my feet and he grinned the whole time i was going through the lingerie department . 
 thank goodness we were vampires ; there were so many bags after a while they would have required a pack mule if i 'd still been human . 
 charles was determined to buy everything he thought i might look good in while i was trying to calm him down . 
 `` he 'll kill us both , '' i hissed when he slid a designer dress off the rack . 
 it was gorgeous but it cost a thousand pounds . 
 `` i pay all his bills , '' charles grinned maliciously . 
 `` he told me to get what you need . 
 you might need this . '' 
 `` charles , we 've known each other for a whole day or so . 
 put that back . '' 
 i hung the dress up . 
 `` i 'll buy it myself if i have to have it . '' 
 we went to the salon after that , so i could get my hair cut and styled before the store closed . 
 `` that 's perfect , '' charles admired my hair . 
 he 'd gone off to look at a few things for himself while i was getting my haircut . 
 `` how long does it take to grow hair out , anyway ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he knew i meant it in the vampiric sense . 
 `` we may grow half an inch of hair in a year . 
 that sort of thing is very slow , '' he said . 
 `` and i 've never had to shave since i was turned . '' 
 `` well , that 's interesting . '' 
 i had n't shaved my legs or my pits either , but i was n't going to discuss that . 
 charles was all male , too , no doubt about that , even though he did enjoy shopping with me . 
 i do n't think charles gets to go out much with someone who 's as young or younger than he is . 
 all the vampires in the house are older . 
 `` is it impolite to ask who turned you ? '' 
 i asked when we got back to his car . 
 `` it depends . 
 i do n't mind telling you , but you need to get to know anyone else before you ask . '' 
 `` all right , '' i nodded . 
 `` flavio turned me . 
 he was the council member who was sitting to my left . '' 
 i 'd seen him , all right . 
 he may have been the most beautiful man i 'd ever seen in my life . 
 `` he voted not guilty , '' charles was smiling . 
 `` i remember , '' i said . 
 i knew the scents of every one of those council members , in addition to which ones had voted for and against me . 
 `` i thought he was going to crush the table in his fingers when he saw you cry , '' charles said . 
 i was n't sure what to do with that information , so i kept quiet . 
 charles likes to talk and he adores information of any kind . 
 he kept up a constant conversation all the way home . 
 * * * `` charles and i have gone through the records and there is n't another one anywhere , '' wlodek looked across his desk at the vampire who sat there . 
 `` you need to teach this one carefully , as her abilities might be more than useful . 
 she must be brought to the idea of working for the council in a gentle manner . 
 the possibilities are almost endless if she does so willingly . '' 
 `` i hope you do not intend to send her out as a prostitute . '' 
 the voice was chilling . 
 `` this one would never consent to that , '' wlodek said . 
 `` and it would be distasteful in the extreme to do that to her . 
 wait until you see her ; she is quite lovely . '' 
 `` i have no interest in that . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i hope you do not treat her indifferently , however . 
 she needs someone to genuinely care for her . '' 
 `` i will do my best . 
 i will certainly not mistreat her . '' 
 `` good . 
 here are the financial holdings , '' wlodek handed over a thick folder . 
 `` the building in london needs renovation . 
 i do n't believe sergio used it for the past fifty years . '' 
 `` i 'll see to it . 
 anything else ? '' 
 `` let her stay here , tonight . 
 i 'll send her over tomorrow . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 the vampire sighed as he rose , nodding to wlodek on his way out . 
 * * * `` i have found someone who has agreed to act as your surrogate sire , '' wlodek informed me as i sat in the same chair i 'd taken two nights before . 
 the information caused me to draw in a shaky breath . 
 `` he has several turns to his credit and every one of them has had much success . 
 unfortunately , he lost two of them , three years ago . 
 i think he still feels the loss so do not vex him overmuch . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 i knew about loss . 
 no way was i going to rip into those wounds if i could help it . 
 `` charles will drive you over tomorrow . 
 your new sire 's home here in england is about twenty miles away . 
 he owns property in new york and other locations as well . 
 i can only imagine that he might take you traveling with him at times . '' 
 i could only nod . 
 my life was about to take another turn and i was n't sure i was ready for it . 
 `` pack up your things except for what you need tonight and tomorrow . 
 charles will drive you to your new home as soon as you are ready tomorrow evening . '' 
 wlodek turned back to a stack of papers on his desk . 
 i 'd been dismissed . 
 i wanted to ask questions . 
 he had n't given me the vampire 's name or any other information about him . 
 this was worse than a blind date . 
 what if he was another version of gavin ? 
 that would be untenable and there was n't any way i could ask for a different sire if i did n't like this one . 
 my legs were a little unsteady , i think , when i rose from my chair , mumbled my thanks to wlodek and left his study . 
 `` i think you 'll like this , '' charles said as he drove me the following evening . 
 i 'd dressed in slacks and a new top that was a cranberry color , leaving my hair loose . 
 i did n't know what else to do . 
 i had four suitcases , now ; charles had dug up some expensive stuff from the basement . 
 that 's what he 'd called it . 
 i did n't realize that wlodek had a basement , but it made sense . 
 vampires needed those things to survive most of the time . 
 charles helped me unload everything on the wide porch of my new home . 
 it was another three-story , i saw , but it looked newer than wlodek 's . 
 a maid answered the door and she was human , i could tell right away by the scent . 
 we carried the bags in and left them in the entry hall . 
 there was a single , wide set of steps leading up to the next floor in this one . 
 `` hopefully he 'll let you have a cell phone , '' charles said when it came time to say goodbye . 
 `` here 's my number , this 'll get you right to me , '' he handed a slip of paper over . 
 i tucked the number inside the pocket of my slacks . 
 charles shocked me by giving me a quick hug and a kiss before taking off , and the maid closed the door behind him . 
 `` the master is out at the moment but he 'll return after a bit , '' she said . 
 she was short and perky , probably in her late thirties with light brown hair and blue eyes . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` lena , '' she said . 
 `` actually , it 's lenora , but i prefer lena . '' 
 `` then lena it is , '' i agreed . 
 she showed me upstairs to a bedroom , and its windows were closed off in a similar fashion to the ones at wlodek 's place . 
 this bedroom was more modern with a nice comforter on the bed , lots of pillows and shams , a sitting area , dressers and an armoire , plus a walk-in closet to die for . 
 the bath was italian marble in a light sandstone color with a tub and separate shower . 
 did all vampires have money running out their ears ? 
 this place had to cost a fortune . 
 i also found myself wondering as i took two bags up at a time , if wlodek was going to come over and remove his compulsion after a while or if he intended to leave it in place and my sire -lrb- yes , i was having trouble with that word -rrb- would place a second one . 
 the brief period that i 'd had both gavin 's and wlodek 's compulsion was n't the most comfortable i 'd ever been . 
 `` come downstairs and meet franklin , '' lena said after i 'd dumped my second set of bags in the bedroom . 
 `` all right , '' i said , following her down the stairs . 
 franklin was human as well-i could tell that right away . 
 he was cutting up fruit for a fruit salad when i walked in . 
 his thumb was bandaged , and the wound was making it difficult to use a knife . 
 franklin was tall , with a bit of gray hair running through dark brown . 
 he also had a nice face , although it was lined a bit with age . 
 i estimated him to be in his early sixties . 
 `` here , let me do that for you , '' i said , walking over to him and taking the knife . 
 `` i 'm lissa , '' i extended my right hand . 
 `` i know , we 're expecting you , '' he held out his hand and i shook it . 
 he handed the knife over with a smile , so i started slicing up apples , pineapple and peaches . 
 franklin sat down while i washed the grapes and strawberries and added them to the glass bowl . 
 `` are you ready to eat this now or are you going to serve it later ? '' 
 i asked . 
 you never add bananas until the last minute ; they look terrible after a while . 
 `` lena and i are about to eat , '' franklin grinned . 
 `` all righty , then , '' i said and cut up the bananas . 
 franklin asked me questions while he and lena ate . 
 he asked me where i was from and then said he 'd never been to oklahoma . 
 `` you know , i get that a lot , '' i said . 
 `` it 's just like anywhere else . 
 it has its share of really nice people . '' 
 `` do people actually have oil wells in their yards ? '' 
 that was lena . 
 `` i saw a movie once where these people had an oil well in their yard . '' 
 `` if you 're meaning the pump jacks , '' i made the rocking motion with my arm and she nodded , `` then yes , i 've seen that before . 
 people have gas wells in their yards , too , and on their farms . '' 
 `` franklin ? '' 
 the voice came from down the hall . 
 i had the feeling i was about to meet my surrogate maker . 
 i stood up quickly and straightened my outfit . 
 i 'd been sitting on a barstool , leaning my elbows on the granite island and talking comfortably with franklin and lena . 
 now i was shaking . 
 maybe he was n't quite as handsome as flavio , but he had black hair , piercing blue eyes and i knew right away that he was n't just vampire . 
 there was a scent about him that had the telltale exotic spice , but there was more than that and it smelled to me like a fresh wind in a spring field . 
 the exotic spice part was old , but the other-i had no idea . 
 this man , whatever he was , had power . 
 what had wlodek done to me ? 
 of course i was n't about to point any of this out to my new sire , and i had no idea how much trouble i might be in if i tried . 
 i just kept my mouth shut . 
 `` lissa , this is merrill , '' franklin stood to make introductions . 
 i stared for a few seconds while all those thoughts chased themselves through my head . 
 `` sorry , did n't mean to stand there like a gaping fool , '' i said , holding out my hand . 
 merrill took it , then leaned in and kissed me lightly on the cheek . 
 `` welcome , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 chapter 16 merrill waited until the following evening to get started and we both sat in his study . 
 it was n't as elaborate as wlodek 's ; there was a computer and a stack of newspapers on his desk . 
 `` you can speak freely around franklin , he knows everything , '' merrill advised me right away . 
 `` lena knows not to disturb us during the day . 
 a light compulsion takes care of that . 
 she thinks you have a skin condition , '' merrill smiled . 
 my bedroom came equipped with a small fridge in the bathroom , already stocked with bagged blood . 
 i 'd have to find out where the supplies came from . 
 i suppose merrill would tell me . 
 `` i like franklin . 
 and lena , '' i said . 
 `` franklin is quite impressed with you . 
 anyone willing to help in the kitchen is good with him . '' 
 `` well , i 'll cook for him sometime , then , '' i said . 
 `` you still cook ? '' 
 merrill was surprised . 
 `` yes . 
 i have n't forgotten how . 
 i cooked for the werewolves . 
 those guys can eat , let me tell you . '' 
 `` you 're joking ? '' 
 `` no . 
 why ? '' 
 `` most vampires become ill if they prepare food . 
 they generally do n't want to be exposed to any food that is n't blood . '' 
 `` i never had that problem , i guess . '' 
 `` lissa , show me your fangs . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` just do it . '' 
 he walked over and knelt down beside my chair . 
 `` all right , this is n't awkward or anything , '' i muttered , feeling embarrassed . 
 `` please . 
 i do n't wish to lay compulsion . '' 
 the shakes came . 
 i 'd never tried to force my fangs out , before . 
 i 'd never even noticed that they 'd come out unless i was about to feed , and the one time tony had kissed me on the beach . 
 `` lissa , show me your fangs . '' 
 it was an order , wrapped in compulsion . 
 if the house had been hit by lightning , it would n't have felt as forceful . 
 my fangs came out and merrill reached up , lifting my upper lip gently . 
 `` all right , '' he sighed , `` you may retract them . '' 
 merrill returned to his seat behind the desk . 
 `` no wonder the first man you drank from thought you 'd only kissed him , '' merrill said . 
 `` your fangs are tiny . 
 not just thin , but short , too . 
 amazing . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it means that it 's a good thing you do n't need much blood , '' he said . 
 `` otherwise you might have a feeding problem . '' 
 `` great , '' i grumbled . 
 `` what else is wrong with me ? '' 
 `` lissa , i 'm going to go ahead and remove wlodek 's compulsion-i told him i would , '' he said . 
 `` and when i place my own , i 'll be telling you to forget that i can do that . 
 it 's not something that the normal vampire can do . '' 
 `` but wlodek knows you can do it ? '' 
 `` yes , he does . '' 
 `` good enough , '' i shrugged . 
 merrill went ahead and did it , right then . 
 `` you are freed from all other compulsions , '' he said , and just like that , all of it went away . 
 i felt light-headed , it was such a relief . 
 `` i 'm sorry to place another so quickly , but it must be done , '' he said . 
 `` from this point forward , you will do as i instruct , within reason . 
 you will protect the members of this household and you will not attempt to escape or disobey a direct order from me . '' 
 that one slipped over my brain like a light blanket . 
 i nodded . 
 what else could i do except follow his commands ? 
 `` what if somebody else tries to place one ? '' 
 i asked , thinking of gavin . 
 `` they will not be able to get past mine , '' merrill assured me . 
 i was n't so sure . 
 i knew how heavy-handed gavin 's had been . 
 it was almost a physical pain and the humiliation and betrayal that had come with it was still unbearable to me . 
 i 'd trusted him . 
 i would never trust like that again . 
 `` now , '' merrill said , `` it is time to talk about what you are . 
 and i will be placing further compulsion for you to hide some of these things . 
 most vampires are not like you , lissa . 
 you are almost a queen and likely should still be considered one , although you are susceptible to compulsion . '' 
 `` someone in a bar called me that one night , '' i said . 
 `` i did n't know at the time that he was vampire and i certainly did n't know what he meant . '' 
 `` that was a pick-up line , '' merrill said . 
 `` many male vampires will use it if they find a female vampire . 
 first off , lissa , female vampires are rare . 
 very , very rare . 
 in fact , at this moment there may be less than sixteen in total . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i saw two in the council chamber . '' 
 `` those two are the two oldest female vampires . 
 female vampires are extremely difficult to turn , lissa . 
 those two fools who turned you were toying with your life when they attempted the turn . 
 i saw the records from the questioning that wlodek performed . 
 they have done this sort of thing many times , but only with males until you . 
 all the males died quickly afterward , at edward and sergio 's hands . 
 it was a game to them , lissa , as vampires can take from three to seventeen days to turn , depending upon their age and physical condition at the time of their turning . 
 you were the one female those two attempted , and they found you in your human shape so pitiful and beneath them that you were n't a sentient being anymore , you were a plaything that they could pick up and discard . '' 
 `` too bad they 're dead now . 
 i think i might try killing them myself , '' i muttered angrily . 
 `` as your sire , if they were n't dead already , i 'd try killing them , '' merrill agreed . 
 he was vampire after all , so he 'd heard my quiet muttering . 
 `` now , back to female vampires . 
 it is unfortunate , but any female that is turned has a seventy-five percent chance of walking into the sun or finding some other way of eliminating themselves after sixty years of existence as a vampire . 
 we have been unable to find the root of this problem . 
 i am asking you now to please not consider that . '' 
 `` so that 's what happens , '' i said , mulling it over for a bit . 
 then his previous statement hit me . 
 `` i 'm one of sixteen ? 
 how many males are there ? '' 
 `` a little over two hundred thousand . 
 we had three times that number , fifty years ago . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 while two hundred thousand vampires sounds like a lot , if you spread them out across the earth , it 's not that many . 
 `` technology and better weapons happened to accelerate the war between vampires and werewolves . 
 now do you understand just what it was you did for both races when you preserved the grand master 's life ? 
 he was the first grand master willing to make the compromises necessary . 
 his death would have destroyed all of us , i think . '' 
 `` were you depressed when you first were turned ? '' 
 i asked , going off subject for a moment . 
 `` a little . 
 but i was dying in battle , and my sire found me as i was slipping away . 
 i was n't all that upset , and i have enjoyed my life . 
 now , lissa , let 's talk about you . 
 and what you can do that is so unique that you are an anomaly-an impossibility , as it were . '' 
 `` it 's not just because i got turned by two morons ? '' 
 `` wlodek told me you called them that . '' 
 merrill 's mouth quirked into half a smile . 
 `` he found it humorous , but it is never wise to say something out of turn to the head of the council . 
 he has a temper , little one , and you do not wish to see it aimed at you . 
 every one of those council members knew how rare you were and still four of them called for your death . 
 to me , that is unacceptable . 
 you are capable of mindspeech , lissa . 
 at this time , there are only three known male vampires with that talent . '' 
 `` i met robert , '' i said . 
 `` his twin brother , albert , also has the gift , '' merrill informed me . 
 `` they are both enforcers but their gift is short-range only . 
 the other one with the talent is radomir . 
 he has only experienced it sporadically , however , so it is not labeled as one of his gifts . '' 
 `` i liked him , '' i said . 
 `` radomir is an enforcer and wlodek 's child . 
 anything you tell radomir you tell wlodek , '' merrill said . 
 `` the other talent that you have is misting . 
 you are what we call a mister , lissa . 
 you can turn your body to mist , along with anything you are wearing at the moment . 
 wlodek was shocked when your chains turned along with everything else . 
 he will be experimenting with his enforcers to see if they can do the same thing . '' 
 `` the enforcers can mist , too ? '' 
 `` no . 
 only two now hold that talent . 
 it is as rare as mindspeech and according to the records , never has misting and mindspeech appeared in the same vampire . 
 and most certainly never in a female . 
 you are rare and precious , lissa . 
 that does not mean that wlodek will allow you to get away with anything , so do not attempt it . 
 he has warned you that if you appear in front of the council once more , it most likely will be for the death sentence to be passed . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 he said that already . '' 
 i was twining my fingers together , my eyes on my lap . 
 `` little one , you did not ask to be placed in this position . 
 you were rogue through no fault of your own , but the laws are in place for a reason . 
 the vampire race is hidden from humans because they fear us and for good reason . 
 we are stronger and we drink from them . 
 the first vampire law is never kill your donor . 
 i 'm sure you 've already guessed that one yourself . 
 and with your fangs , it would be difficult for you to kill them with the bite . 
 you could easily kill them in other ways , however , from exerting your strength to placing a compulsion for them to drive off a cliff . '' 
 `` geez , that 's awful , '' i said . 
 `` not every vampire agrees . 
 some revel in the kill or the struggle and do not place proper compulsion on their donors . 
 we do not have as much difficulty with this now as we once did . '' 
 merrill grimaced a little . 
 he leaned back in his chair and steepled his fingers . 
 `` so , some vampires still kill the ones they take from ? '' 
 `` they are not allowed by law . 
 that does not mean they do n't achieve it from time to time . 
 most vampires feed themselves from the blood banks now . 
 the council keeps records of those who order blood and those who do not , as well as those who only order sporadically . 
 they also watch to see if humans come up missing regularly where vampires keep residences or even nearby . 
 if suspicions are raised , enforcers are dispatched to investigate . '' 
 `` the council has a tough job . '' 
 `` yes . 
 with that power comes a heavy price . 
 you have seen the council 's justice . 
 they do not hesitate and every living vampire knows this . '' 
 `` so in your opinion , vampires are alive and not the undead ? 
 because i have to tell you , that term has always bothered me . 
 undead to me means the opposite of dead , which by definition means alive , at least in some way . '' 
 `` vampires are alive in their own way , '' merrill said . 
 `` their hearts do not beat but they do breathe while awake , which causes some sort of metabolism . 
 it 's just that our bodies process things differently . 
 we consume blood and it feeds us . 
 if we did not metabolize it in some way we would n't have to consume more every day . '' 
 `` that makes sense , '' i agreed . 
 `` good . 
 do you have any questions for me tonight ? 
 i have business to attend to this evening . 
 we will continue tomorrow night . 
 on wednesday , i will be away for two days but back on friday . '' 
 `` nothing for tonight . 
 i 'll think about it all and if i have questions , i 'll let you know . '' 
 merrill smiled at me . 
 `` you are something of a miracle , lissa . 
 i am glad to have this opportunity to teach you . '' 
 i left his study and went to franklin . 
 `` do you think he 'll mind if i walk outside ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i had n't been able to roof-sit in a while . 
 `` just do n't go far . 
 i 'm sure he 's already told you not to escape . '' 
 franklin smiled at me . 
 `` he did tell me that , '' i nodded . 
 `` i just want to sit on the roof for a while . '' 
 `` you know , if you were human i would be shouting the house down for merrill to come and stop you , '' franklin 's eyes sparkled when he laughed . 
 `` but since you are what you are , do n't damage the roof tiles . '' 
 it was my turn to laugh , then . 
 `` i have n't damaged any so far . 
 that i know of , anyway , '' i said and went to find the door . 
 merrill and i talked again tuesday night and just as he said , he was gone wednesday and thursday . 
 thursday evening after i showered and fed , i went downstairs to see if franklin needed help in the kitchen or anything else . 
 he and lena were already eating but he pointed to a small box on the corner of the island that had a note attached . 
 `` that came for you today , '' franklin said . 
 i went over to look at it ; the note had only my first name written on it . 
 i opened the box first and inside was a beautiful gold bracelet made of links that looked like tiny hibiscus flowers . 
 a small diamond winked at the center of each flower . 
 `` that 's really pretty , '' lena said , looking over my shoulder . 
 the envelope and note card were a cream color and expensive , i could tell . 
 who would be sending me gifts ? 
 i wondered as i opened the note . 
 `` lissa , i wanted you to have this . 
 i miss you . 
 gavin . '' 
 `` you like this ? '' 
 i held the bracelet out to lena . 
 `` it 's yours . '' 
 i dropped it into her palm and tore the note into pieces , tossing the paper bits into the wastebasket on my way out of the kitchen . 
 i was fuming when i went to the roof that night and i did n't come down until nearly dawn . 
 * * * `` she gave the bracelet to lena and tore up the note . 
 i rescued the pieces and taped them together so you could take a look , '' franklin passed the note over to merrill . 
 `` ask lena to bring the bracelet to me . 
 i 'll get her a replacement , '' merrill murmured as he read the note . 
 `` this is the one who brought her in , '' merrill tapped the note with a finger . 
 `` i 'll do a little research . '' 
 merrill placed the gold bracelet in his desk drawer and gave lena money to buy something as a replacement . 
 she was happy with the exchange and merrill placed compulsion for her to forget about the first one . 
 * * * `` the second vampire rule is protect the race . 
 obviously , it is tied to the first rule . 
 we generally reveal ourselves by drinking from humans and or killing them in the process , '' merrill told me friday night . 
 `` if a human sees what we are , a compulsion must be placed so that they forget . '' 
 `` has there ever been a human that we could n't place compulsion on ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` ah , there 's the question , right there , '' merrill sounded proud of me for some reason . 
 `` do you know what makes a true vampire queen ? 
 she is not susceptible to any vampire 's compulsion , even the strongest ones . 
 she can be either a danger or a blessing . 
 a danger if she decides to break the laws and go rogue , because she must be tracked and destroyed . 
 a blessing if she is the one to uphold the laws , since none can make her deviate from them . '' 
 `` are there any queens alive ? '' 
 `` none . 
 the last one walked into the sun more than four hundred years ago , '' merrill said and shook his head sadly . 
 `` her name was sarita . '' 
 `` so , do you know when they 're human that they 'll be a queen ? '' 
 `` at times . 
 if we drink from them and the subsequent compulsion has no effect , there are steps we must take . 
 we are forced to take them with us and detain them until the strongest compulsion may be tried . 
 failing that , there are only two choices left-attempt to turn her or kill her . 
 this must be done in order to protect the race . '' 
 merrill was watching me closely . 
 `` well , that sucks , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't suppose you let the woman decide ? '' 
 `` no , little one . 
 we do not . '' 
 `` crap . '' 
 `` that is why we should not feed from donors unless we are forced to do so . '' 
 `` that schmuck , gavin , let me go on out and feed from the population while he more than likely had a fridge full of blood , '' i flung out a hand in disgust . 
 `` it 's like he was just waiting for me to do something to hang myself . '' 
 `` the fact that you existed without your sire 's supervision would have been enough to hang you , little lissa . 
 if other issues had n't cropped up , you would be very dead right now . '' 
 `` yeah , rub that in a little more , '' i grumbled . 
 `` on a brighter note , i have petitioned the council to complete your registration . 
 the paperwork has been submitted . 
 i also have , '' merrill pulled open a drawer at the side of his desk , `` these . '' 
 he handed a large envelope over to me . 
 inside were new u.s. and british driver 's licenses , a birth certificate and a passport . 
 `` wow . 
 charles was n't kidding , '' i breathed , examining my new identification . 
 `` he wants you to purchase a cell phone so you can speak to him from time to time . 
 he also asked if he could take you to see a film sometime soon . '' 
 `` gee , dad , can i borrow the car ? '' 
 i grinned and waved my new licenses . 
 `` only when i am sure you are capable of driving on the proper side of the road . '' 
 `` bummer , '' i said . 
 merrill smiled . 
 * * * `` i do n't believe she wishes to see you , '' merrill leveled his gaze at gavin . 
 `` she attempted to give away the bracelet and ripped up the note . 
 i now have both in my possession . '' 
 `` fuck , '' gavin paced and cursed a little . 
 he and merrill were both inside wlodek 's study . 
 wlodek had arranged the meeting with lissa 's surrogate at gavin 's request . 
 gavin had no idea the surrogate would be merrill . 
 legends surrounded merrill and his abilities , and none knew his age or the extent of his strength , although many guessed that it might eclipse wlodek 's . 
 `` i believe you may have been too heavy handed with your compulsion , '' merrill went on , ignoring gavin 's outburst . 
 `` she is new and fragile . 
 more than likely you placed one so heavy it caused physical pain , not to mention the emotional side of it . 
 you betrayed and humiliated her , assassin . 
 what do you expect ? '' 
 `` how was i to know she would live over this ? '' 
 gavin was still pacing . 
 `` i was ordered to eliminate her . 
 and i would have . 
 that does not mean it would n't have killed me to do it . '' 
 `` ah , '' merrill said . 
 `` well . 
 perhaps someday , you will learn that love means protecting what you love . 
 i am done , here , '' merrill nodded to wlodek and left the study . 
 wlodek displayed no emotion as he watched him go . 
 `` he did n't say you could n't keep trying , '' wlodek said after merrill was out of hearing . 
 gavin stared at the head of the vampire council . 
 * * * anthony hancock reviewed the results from the first test of the department 's new software . 
 the terrorist had been apprehended in barcelona , just before he 'd boarded a plane for madrid . 
 the software was a work of genius ; it not only had feature recognition but mannerisms as well and that was how they 'd made the collar-the terrorist had been heavily disguised . 
 tony wished he could thank lissa for this as she 'd given his card to william winkler and suggested he offer the program exclusively to the nsa . 
 it had been worth the exorbitant price tag since they were the only buyer . 
 winkler could have made a hundred times more money selling it on the open market , but he 'd had too many attempts on his life . 
 this option had worked out better for both sides . 
 tony had very fond memories of lissa and wondered if he 'd ever see her again . 
 * * * `` the third vampire law is this : a vampire may not contact his former family or friends . '' 
 merrill toyed with a letter opener at his desk . 
 i wondered if this were boring to him . 
 `` former is the key word , here , '' merrill went on . 
 `` the vampire race is your new family and friends . '' 
 `` what about franklin and lena ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i sat on my usual wingback chair inside merrill 's study . 
 it was my classroom , now . 
 `` franklin is as much my child as any of my others , '' merrill informed me . 
 `` he was an orphan , a runaway on the streets of new york when i found him and took him in more than fifty years ago . 
 i taught him to read and sent him to school with the help of a housekeeper . '' 
 `` he loves you , '' i said . 
 merrill had sounded a little defensive there for a moment . 
 i did n't want to upset him . 
 `` i know , '' merrill sighed . 
 `` and i know not to drink from him or lena , '' i said . 
 `` not that i would , anyway , but because i would never mistreat someone i cared for . 
 and in my book , that constitutes mistreatment . '' 
 `` are you sure you 're a vampire ? '' 
 merrill asked , lifting an eyebrow slightly . 
 `` if i 'm not , then i 've been drinking blood for nothing and went through that whole we 're going to decide if you live or die crap for nothing , too . 
 not to mention nearly frying in the sun . 
 that was almost as bad as the werewolf bites . '' 
 `` i 've never been bitten by a werewolf , '' merrill said . 
 `` lucky you , '' i told him , my words bitter . 
 `` maybe it would n't have been so bad if there were n't so many bites , but i was pretty much covered . 
 those claws would have come in handy i think , if i 'd had them . '' 
 `` you have n't gotten your claws ? '' 
 merrill was up and standing for some reason . 
 `` no . 
 is that a bad thing ? '' 
 `` you fought werewolves without claws ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` stand . '' 
 i stood . 
 `` force out your claws , lissa . '' 
 we were doing the compulsion thing again . 
 somehow , slowly , long claws emerged from my fingers . 
 they were around a foot in length and smaller than gavin 's , but then his hands were huge . 
 `` there we are , '' merrill breathed as he came around the desk . 
 careful not to touch the claws themselves , he lifted one of my hands in his , examining my newly formed talons . 
 `` they look almost delicate , '' he said , turning my hand to look at the underside . 
 gavin 's claws had been nearly black while mine were pale , almost the color of my normal fingernails . 
 `` i need a manicure , '' i was having trouble talking around my fangs , they 'd come out with the claws . 
 `` retract you claws and fangs , lissa , '' merrill said and they disappeared . 
 `` now , go to mist for me . '' 
 i went to mist . 
 merrill timed it . 
 `` four minutes thirty-two seconds , '' he said . 
 `` now turn back . '' 
 he timed that , too . 
 `` four minutes forty-six seconds , '' he said . 
 `` very good . 
 the others take at least five minutes . '' 
 `` i 'm not as big as they are . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 merrill patted my shoulder and went back to his chair . 
 * * * `` here , let me mash the potatoes , '' i told franklin while he worked on the pot roast for his and lena 's dinner . 
 i made the mashed potatoes , putting in butter and half-and-half like i always did . 
 `` i hope you do n't have cholesterol problems , '' i said as i put them in a bowl on the island . 
 `` is n't that what medication is for ? '' 
 franklin laughed . 
 `` franklin , do n't kid about things like that , my husband had heart problems . 
 i let him cheat now and then but all the time is a bad thing . '' 
 `` i do n't cheat often , '' he was still smiling . 
 `` where is your husband now ? '' 
 lena asked . 
 `` dead , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm a widow . '' 
 `` lissa has had a difficult life , although she looks so young , '' merrill came into the kitchen . 
 `` lissa , wlodek wants to see you a little later . 
 why do n't you go change and i 'll drive you over . '' 
 `` did i do something wrong ? '' 
 i was suddenly terrified . 
 `` no , sweetheart , you did n't do anything , '' merrill had his arms around me quickly . 
 he let me go after only a few seconds and sent me off to my bedroom . 
 i did n't know what to wear at first , but eventually decided on slacks and a v-neck sweater . 
 even summer in england can be on the cool side and it was raining out that night . 
 i pulled my hair back in a french braid and put low heels on so my pants would n't drag the floor . 
 `` that looks nice , '' lena complimented me when i returned to the kitchen twenty minutes later . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` these mashed potatoes are wonderful , '' franklin was having more . 
 `` hey , now , '' i pointed a finger at him . 
 `` you ca n't make them again for two months , '' franklin grinned . 
 i went to hug him . 
 merrill came in a few minutes later , car keys in hand . 
 i had n't even been into the garage yet and there were parts of the house i had n't explored . 
 i did find the indoor pool and hot tub but i did n't have a swimsuit and there was no way i was going in naked . 
 merrill had a maybach . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 well i could , but it was amazing . 
 he also had a rolls , a bentley , a range rover and a cadillac . 
 go figure . 
 no wonder he would n't let me drive . 
 i wondered if charles were going to be there as we climbed into the car . 
 i would n't mind saying hello . 
 i really did n't want to date him seriously , but he would be a good friend , i thought . 
 and since there was a dearth of female vampires , what else was i supposed to do ? 
 rolfe let us in the door of wlodek 's mansion before we had a chance to knock . 
 they were expecting us after all , and any vampire would have heard the range rover crunching over the gravel drive . 
 charles met us in the entryway , giving me a sly wink before he led us up the stairs to wlodek 's office . 
 i almost hissed when we arrived ; gavin was standing beside wlodek 's desk . 
 merrill noticed my flinch when i saw gavin . 
 `` lissa , do not allow him to hold this power over you , '' he said quietly , so i slowly straightened up and went to sit in one of wlodek 's chairs . 
 i was shivering again , i could n't help it . 
 merrill took the other chair . 
 `` you wished to see us ? '' 
 merrill raised an eyebrow at wlodek . 
 `` yes . 
 we are in need of lissa 's talents , gavin and i , '' he said . 
 `` and this was my idea , no one else 's , '' he held up a hand . 
 i wanted to tell him that i was n't about to cooperate with gavin , but wlodek had me over a barrel and he knew it . 
 one step out of line and gavin 's claws would n't be held back from my neck a second time . 
 `` why do you need her ? '' 
 merrill asked , voicing my own question . 
 `` we require a mister and the others are engaged elsewhere , '' wlodek replied . 
 `` we have a confirmed rogue killing tourists in florida . 
 a mister would be a tremendous help . '' 
 they were going to make me go . 
 they were going to make me go with gavin . 
 `` lissa , please do not make me place compulsion to stop this fretting , i do n't like doing it , '' merrill told me on the drive home . 
 i drew in a shaky breath . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' i whispered . 
 `` i just have to deal with this . '' 
 gavin and i were scheduled to leave the following evening . 
 the private jet would be flying us to tampa where a safe house was available for us to use . 
 wlodek said that charles had already arranged to have blood delivered and stocked in the fridge for us . 
 the weather would be much warmer in florida , too-it was july and i was thankful for the shopping trip with charles . 
 i 'd gotten quite a few sleeveless and short-sleeved things , all of which would be useful for a trip to the eastern edge of the gulf coast . 
 i used up some of my fretting energy to pack two bags , using the expensive ones that charles had given me . 
 `` do you need anything from the city ? '' 
 franklin knocked on my door and walked inside when i answered and invited him in . 
 `` franklin , you do n't have to run after me , '' i told him . 
 `` i have to go anyway , '' he shrugged . 
 `` i need shampoo , '' i sighed , grateful i did n't have to worry about it . 
 there were a couple of other things-my favorite soap and toothpaste-so franklin wrote it down and told me he 'd have it for me when i woke the next evening . 
 `` do n't let that one upset you , '' franklin said before leaving my bedroom . 
 `` gavin was treating you as a criminal before because that 's how wlodek and the council saw you . 
 he was just doing his job . 
 i do n't know how he thought you were going to turn on a dime , though , and let all that go . '' 
 franklin shook his head in confusion over the whole thing . 
 `` he did n't have to be such an ass ** le about it either , '' i said , tossing shoes into one of the bags . 
 `` i could n't even blink without his permission after he laid compulsion , and he chained me up anyway inside the jet . 
 i was n't able to look out the window or anything . '' 
 i think i was close to tears . 
 `` lissa , vampires are a different breed . 
 some of them are as cold as the arctic while others can be as warm as a summer day . 
 they 're like people , only they tend to go to the farthest of extremes . 
 i know your turning was n't supposed to be and that is a sad thing . 
 but if they had n't done it , here i would be , never having tasted the best mashed potatoes i 've ever eaten . '' 
 franklin smiled . 
 `` i told the grand master of the werewolves that he had to tell his grandchildren that he was rescued from a tree by a cookie baking vampire , '' i gave a shaky smile in return . 
 `` and what did he say ? '' 
 `` he said he would . '' 
 franklin had placed my shampoo and other items in a plastic bag and set them outside my bedroom door when i got up the following evening , so i packed those things last , zipping up my cases . 
 i had to force myself not to get the shivers again . 
 putting gavin out of my mind forcefully worked temporarily , merrill helped get my bags into the trunk of the cadillac and we drove to the airport where the council 's private jet waited . 
 this rogue would n't be coming back with us ; gavin intended to kill him but i was going along to help track him if i could . 
 the rogue would be able to scent gavin , but when i was mist , i did n't have a scent . 
 i have no idea at all how that works , but it 's true for all misters . 
 `` if you need me , use this , '' merrill placed a new cell phone box in my hand . 
 `` it 's already charged up and programmed with my numbers plus franklin 's if it 's an emergency and you ca n't reach me . 
 he can get to wlodek if he has to . 
 and here 's this , '' he handed a credit card to me that had my new name on it . 
 i gulped . 
 `` it 's a freaking black american express , '' i whispered , staring at my surrogate sire . 
 `` yes it is . 
 use it . '' 
 i 'd put my envelope of cash in one of my bags . 
 i still had more than forty thousand , mostly in large bills . 
 i had n't spent the reward money winkler had given me and precious little of my paychecks . 
 i stuffed the credit card into the small purse i carried and merrill hugged me . 
 `` be safe , '' he told me as i went toward the plane . 
 gavin was already there , buckled into his seat . 
 i did n't say anything to him and barely spared a glance in his direction . 
 he 'd taken a seat near the middle of the plane and since i had no desire to sit anywhere near him , i sat down and strapped myself in two rows in front of his . 
 maybe he would have preferred that i sit next to him , but he was n't getting that . 
 nope . 
 not from me . 
 there was a car waiting at the airport when we arrived in tampa-one of the local vampires had gotten it for us . 
 gavin barely thanked the local before getting in on the driver 's side of the black lincoln town car . 
 i thought about getting in the back but did n't want to fight with gavin over it , so i climbed in on the passenger side instead . 
 i remembered when he 'd first started working for winkler and i 'd thought he was a normal person that smelled really , really wonderful . 
 those were the good old days , all right . 
 `` how are your lessons ? '' 
 he asked as he drove . 
 the gps in the car was telling us where to turn as gavin navigated through tampa . 
 `` fine , '' i said , refusing to look at him . 
 `` is merrill a good instructor ? '' 
 `` merrill is very good . 
 i could n't ask for better . '' 
 i considered the conversations i 'd had with tony and how much fun those had been . 
 now gavin was speaking to me and all i could do was shiver . 
 `` what have you covered so far ? '' 
 `` rules one through three and a few other things . 
 he tells me my fangs are so small that if i did n't drink so little blood i might have a feeding problem . 
 and he had to force my claws to come out since they 'd never done that before . '' 
 `` you did n't know you had claws ? '' 
 `` not until i saw yours , '' i said sullenly . 
 `` christ , '' he muttered . 
 `` how did you kill those werewolves ? '' 
 `` by breaking their necks or throwing them so far they broke most of the bones in their body and could n't move or kicking their heads in or whatever else i could do . 
 i was n't thinking about it at the time , there was n't any opportunity to analyze my fighting methods . '' 
 i pulled my knees up so my feet rested on the edge of the seat and wrapped my arms around myself . 
 `` i know why you do that . 
 you 're uncomfortable , '' he said , glancing my way briefly . 
 i did n't answer . 
 the safe house was nice . 
 it was a block east of the beach and about five miles south of tampa , with a basement beneath the house . 
 yeah , it was unusual for a home to have a basement in florida , but vampires have their own rules . 
 we went through a heavy door in the floor of the master bedroom closet and found two bedrooms and a tiny kitchen below . 
 gavin punched in a code on a hidden keypad to get us into the basement in the beginning , closing off the door afterward and locking us inside . 
 that was n't frightening or anything . 
 i was locked inside a basement with gavin . 
 he checked the fridge first thing , checking our blood supply . 
 there was only one bathroom in the small space so we 'd have to share . 
 also not comfortable . 
 gavin flipped on the television and found a local station that did re-runs of the evening news . 
 i stood and watched as journalists were reporting the disappearance of yet another tourist . 
 the man had gone nightclubbing and never returned to his hotel room . 
 `` fuck , '' i mumbled . 
 `` this is the fifth one , '' gavin said , hitting the mute button . 
 `` what is he doing with them-their bodies ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he could be doing anything with them , '' gavin said . 
 `` tossing them in the ocean , dismembering them and feeding them to alligators , burying them somewhere , it does n't matter . '' 
 `` i might be able to find the bodies if i could smell clothing that they wore or something , '' i said . 
 `` lissa , i know you have a good nose-better than mine and perhaps better than most other vampires . 
 but we need to concentrate on getting this thing out of the way . 
 those bodies could have bite marks and that would be disastrous if they 're found . '' 
 `` i was just thinking that the body might have the vampire 's scent all over it and make it easier for me to find him in the first place , '' i grumbled . 
 `` if problems arise , that might be an option . 
 let 's try to get this done quickly . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 i 'd borrowed books from merrill 's library ; he had all sorts of things . 
 franklin read too and kept his books on merrill 's shelves . 
 i 'd found a couple of mysteries to bring with me , so i left gavin in the tiny living area and went into my bedroom to read . 
 as usual , gavin had gotten the bedroom nearest the exit . 
 i did n't even care how big it was . 
 chapter 17 gavin was already dressed and ready to go when i slipped into the shower . 
 knowing he was likely fretting and pacing while waiting on me to get ready , i hurried as fast as i could . 
 i should n't have to feel that way . 
 should n't . 
 but i still had daymares about the compulsion he 'd forced on me and the absolute power he 'd had as a result . 
 i 'd been more comfortable fighting werewolves . 
 at least i 'd had some control over my life , then . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 i slung my excuse for a purse over a shoulder . 
 my new credit card , my cell phone and a little cash had gone into it , along with my new york driver 's license . 
 i did n't know why they 'd picked new york as the state for my u.s. residence , but i did remember that wlodek had said merrill owned property there . 
 i wore a sundress with a halter-top to go out sleuthing with gavin . 
 charles had loved it the moment he 'd seen it , although i did n't think i 'd ever have an opportunity to wear the thing . 
 it was a compromise . 
 it only cost three hundred pounds as opposed to the thousand-pound price tag attached to the other dress . 
 gavin did n't say anything , raking my body quickly with deep brown eyes before leading me up the stairs to the ground floor of the house . 
 if i 'd had time , i would n't have minded sitting in the media room and either reading or watching television . 
 we were three blocks away from the gulf and did n't have an ocean view but i could smell the water the minute we walked outside . 
 `` it smells salty and fishy , '' i said as we climbed into the rental . 
 `` the car ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i wanted to call him doofus but that would be inviting trouble . 
 i did n't know what he 'd been thinking , sending the note and bracelet . 
 how could he even think we 'd have a relationship ? 
 relationships allowed teasing . 
 invited closeness . 
 formed a bond of trust . 
 there could n't be any of those things between us . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked after a while . 
 he had n't bothered to give me much information . 
 not that i was surprised or anything . 
 `` the last known places where the humans were seen before disappearing , '' he said . 
 `` bars and nightclubs . '' 
 `` are any of them the same ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` he 's moving around , then . 
 he might not go back to any of them . '' 
 `` i know that , lissa , '' gavin heaved a patient sigh . 
 `` i want to question the staff . 
 see if they know anything or are hiding something . '' 
 gavin did this sort of thing all the time . 
 i was the newbie , so anything i said would likely irritate gavin . 
 i wondered , for perhaps the hundredth time , why wlodek had seen fit to send me out like this . 
 at least gavin had n't told me to shut up . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 `` compulsion . '' 
 i could n't help saying it . 
 `` yes . '' 
 that had come to mean something worse to me than any curse word ever could . 
 curse words for me were a way of letting off steam . 
 i 'd known people where i worked , though , who would cringe at a carelessly dropped damn . 
 i 'd tried not to curse around those people . 
 not just because it offended most of them , it was a pain to them too . 
 and i did n't like to cause pain-not back then . 
 i drew my knees up to my chin in the car seat and did n't ask any more questions . 
 the bartender in the first bar had long blond hair that hung halfway down his back and it was tied at the nape of his neck with a leather thong . 
 gavin had only placed a slight compulsion since the bartender seemed more than willing to answer questions . 
 it was a monday night , too , so the crowd was light . 
 `` the police asked me already , '' the bartender answered one of gavin 's questions . 
 `` that is n't what i asked you , '' gavin said , strengthening the compulsion . 
 `` you will answer all my questions in detail , no matter how many times you 've answered them already . '' 
 the bartender 's eyes went blank for a second and he nodded . 
 `` the guy was sitting down there , '' the bartender pointed to the other end of the bar . 
 we were currently standing at the opposite end , just to the left of the door . 
 `` he ordered martinis . 
 six of them . 
 he talked to several people including three women , but he did n't get very far with them . 
 they decided he was too drunk and took off with somebody else . '' 
 `` you did n't see him leave with anyone , male or female ? '' 
 gavin asked . 
 `` no . 
 one minute he was there , the next he was gone . 
 there was a hundred on the bar when i got back . '' 
 `` what did you do with the money ? '' 
 i asked . 
 gavin turned to me and frowned . 
 `` the cops asked that , too , '' the bartender replied . 
 `` we deposited it the next day . 
 the guy was n't reported missing until the day after that . 
 too late to do anything about it . '' 
 `` so you put the money in the till and then take tips out later ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the bartender looked like he was sweating , suddenly . 
 he had n't been honest with me , but then gavin had n't commanded him to answer my questions truthfully . 
 `` what did you do with the hundred ? '' 
 gavin was now getting forceful . 
 `` i slipped it in my pocket , '' the bartender whined . 
 `` and then what did you do with it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` bambalacha . '' 
 `` great , '' i mumbled . 
 no luck getting the vampire 's scent that way . 
 `` what ? '' 
 gavin did n't know what he 'd said . 
 `` he bought marijuana with it , '' i said . 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 gavin pointed a deep frown in my direction . 
 `` i used to work for a judge , doofus . '' 
 `` you will forget you saw either of us , '' gavin gave the command to the bartender before gripping my upper arm and ushering me out the door . 
 `` go ahead , tell me not to call you doofus again , '' i muttered petulantly as he shoved me into the passenger seat and shut the door . 
 gavin did n't say a word ; he just slid in on the driver 's side , started the car up and drove to the next bar . 
 we met with pretty much the same results at all five bars that night . 
 no , the other bartenders did n't take the cash and run , or buy marijuana -lrb- not that came up in conversation , anyway -rrb- . 
 three employees did remember the victims clearly , -lrb- two males and three females were missing -rrb- and they said that all but one left cash on the bar-mostly hundred dollar bills-to cover the drinks plus a hefty tip . 
 all the cash had gone to the bank or otherwise gotten lost in the shuffle afterward . 
 `` i 'm sure the police have already checked with the area banks to see if anybody has done currency exchanges in large amounts , '' i said as we were driving through tampa . 
 gavin looked at me sharply . 
 `` he could be local but i 'm thinking not , '' i said . 
 i was n't sure how to explain why i felt that way , i just did . 
 `` you think he traveled here just to do this and then planned to go home ? '' 
 gavin asked , intrigued . 
 `` well , yeah . '' 
 `` fascinating . '' 
 with no idea whether gavin thought i was an idiot or not , i turned my head and watched the city of tampa off to the east as we drove across the sunshine skyway bridge . 
 neither gavin nor i would ever see that bridge in the sunshine it was named after . 
 not in person , anyway . 
 `` here , '' gavin thumped a tampa area yellow pages down in front of me after we made it back to our basement . 
 i was sitting at the tiny kitchen table , my purse flopped onto the surface at my elbow . 
 looking up at his unreadable expression for a moment , i sighed and opened the book to look for bars . 
 there were a lot of them . 
 i was looking through the many listings when an idea hit me . 
 `` gavin , do we have any paper and a pencil ? '' 
 gavin was watching news re-runs , checking for further disappearances . 
 without a word , he stood and went into his bedroom , coming back with a legal pad and a very nice pen . 
 `` now , '' i said , `` i know what bars we went to , but what order were they visited ? 
 what 's the order of disappearances and the corresponding names of the bars ? '' 
 gavin looked like he wanted to growl at me but went back again and brought out a thick file folder , setting it down next to me . 
 the first page inside the folder had four names of victims listed , along with the name of the bar where they 'd last been seen . 
 the information had been printed before the fifth victim disappeared . 
 adding his name to the list , i wrote the information down on my legal pad in two columns , one for the person , the other for the bar in question . 
 three out of four fit my theory . 
 it was the third one that did n't . 
 `` the bearded manatee , that 's where the waitress said she saw the girl but the girl paid with a credit card , right ? '' 
 i looked over at gavin , who 'd gone back to watching the news . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he did n't even turn in my direction when he answered . 
 `` she was n't abducted from that bar , '' i said . 
 that got his attention . 
 he was staring at me now . 
 `` and just how do you know this ? '' 
 a deep frown was aimed in my direction . 
 `` it 's likely the police have n't missed this either , '' i said . 
 `` the fifth guy disappeared from eddie 's bar , '' i said . 
 `` look at this . '' 
 i took my list over to gavin and showed him my columns . 
 `` first one disappeared from antonio 's . 
 second from the beachcomber . 
 the third one-that bar is listed as the bearded manatee , but i do n't think that 's the one the girl was grabbed from . 
 that bar started with a c. '' gavin grabbed the legal pad away from me . 
 the fourth bar had been dio 's bar and grille . 
 `` he 's going through the phone book , gavin , '' i said . 
 `` he 's making this a game , just like those two idiots who turned me . '' 
 gavin stood faster than i could see him stand and had his cell phone in his hand in almost as much time . 
 he hit a number on speed dial and i heard it ringing . 
 wlodek 's voice came through , loud and clear . 
 `` honored one , do we know the whereabouts of nyles abernathy , edward desmarais ' sire ? '' 
 gavin asked , ignoring the greeting . 
 `` charles ! '' 
 wlodek 's shout for his assistant could have been heard by a human , i think , and gavin was holding the phone away from his ear and grimacing in pain . 
 we both listened while wlodek instructed charles to get nyles on the phone . 
 we waited . 
 nyles had an assistant too , because wlodek came back to us in a few minutes with the information that master abernathy was traveling . 
 `` he 's striking back at us for us killing edward , is n't he ? '' 
 wlodek said after passing off the information . 
 `` it looks that way , '' gavin replied . 
 `` do you want radomir to come ? '' 
 `` go ahead and send him but i 'm still going to try and take abernathy down in the meantime , '' gavin raked fingers through his hair . 
 `` he probably knows we know , now , '' i said quietly . 
 `` i 'm sure his assistant was instructed to let him know if we tried to contact him . '' 
 `` did you hear that , honored one ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` fuck , '' gavin said . 
 `` heard that too , '' wlodek observed dryly . 
 `` we have no record of his asking to use a safe house , so he could be almost anywhere , '' wlodek went on . 
 gavin and i had heard charles say the same thing , off in the distance . 
 `` dawn is nearly here , gavin , '' wlodek gave him the reminder . 
 `` thank you for the information , honored one , '' gavin said , ending the call . 
 `` he 's been killing with two or three nights in between , '' i said , but realized that gavin already knew that . 
 he did n't reprimand me . 
 `` i 'll go read , now , '' i said quietly and went to my bedroom , closing the door behind me . 
 not being able to help myself , i stuck my head out again after a couple of minutes . 
 `` since he knows now , he may step up his attacks . '' 
 i shut the door a second time and went to find my book . 
 the page from the phone book containing names of bars beginning with the letter f was in my hand as gavin drove through tampa the following evening . 
 i suppose the good thing about hunting a vampire is that he could n't move in daylight , just as gavin and i could n't . 
 he 'd be asleep someplace while the sun was in the sky . 
 we were headed toward farscape , a nightclub near tarpon springs . 
 i did n't think nyles would pick the first name out of the book but gavin was n't satisfied with not checking all of them . 
 i smelled plenty of perfume , aftershave , suntan oil and perspiration when we got there , but no vampire . 
 we left . 
 the next name on the list was felicity 's , inside a hotel . 
 gavin set the gps and started driving again . 
 it was humorous to me that vampires were so gadget oriented ; gavin had a nice macbook pro . 
 honestly , i would have taken him for a pc guy . 
 the hotel bar was nice . 
 in farscape , my feet had stuck to the floor a little . 
 no vampire at the hotel bar either , gavin knew it as soon as i did . 
 we left . 
 there were only two f bars left-the fisherman 's bend and foxy 's . 
 the fisherman 's bend was south of sun city and not all that big , either . 
 i would have called it a hole in the wall but gavin had a set look on his face so i did n't disturb him . 
 he was in assassin mode , i figured , and i sure did n't want to mess with that . 
 the scent was nearly overpowering when we walked inside the bar and it scared me . 
 there were only two vampires that i knew of that were older than that scent and they were wlodek and merrill . 
 if this was nyles , he was older than gavin . 
 not fully sure whether gavin would get anything from me or not , i sent him mindspeech anyway . 
 gavin , he 's older than you , i sent . 
 gavin never moved a muscle to let me know he 'd heard . 
 instead , gavin leaned down and brushed his lips against my neck , making me shiver . 
 `` go to the restroom and mist , '' he murmured against my skin . 
 i headed toward the ladies ' room to do just that . 
 there was only one stall and i had to wait precious minutes for it . 
 hoping all hell would n't break loose while i waited , i tapped my foot until the girl finally came out . 
 `` leave the bar now , '' i hissed , placing compulsion . 
 she nodded and hit the door at a trot . 
 i locked myself inside the stall and concentrated on turning to mist . 
 merrill had timed me at a bit over four minutes and thirty seconds . 
 i had to calm myself down to turn as fast as i could . 
 i was almost changed completely when i heard the screams outside the restroom , along with the sounds of crashing furniture and running feet . 
 misting under the door to get back to the bar , i found total chaos inside the place . 
 the humans were shouting and screaming , all of them trying to get out the door at once . 
 what drew my attention was gavin . 
 he stood off in a corner , glaring at something that was n't that far away from me . 
 initially , it had been blocked by fleeing bar patrons . 
 now i could see it clearly and if my blood had n't been cold already , it would have become so . 
 he was n't tall , perhaps five-nine or so , with thick blond hair and a stocky body . 
 if he 'd had black frame glasses and a pocket protector , he might have looked like any geek from silicon valley . 
 he was dressed in an expensive suit instead , did n't need glasses and was pointing a flamethrower at gavin . 
 anybody holding a flamethrower would be somebody to get the hell away from , but a vampire holding a flamethrower ? 
 that had to be a hundred times worse . 
 a man ran in front of the vampire and he fired a jet of flame , setting the poor soul on fire . 
 instead of dropping to the floor and trying to beat out the flames by rolling , the man ran through the door , his body blazing . 
 his fiery exit caused even more havoc ; i heard screams from the crowd outside and i did n't know if there was any saving him after that . 
 all the patrons were now outside the bar . 
 only gavin , nyles abernathy and i remained inside . 
 nyles casually set a wooden table on fire that had been knocked over between him and gavin . 
 gavin would n't have any way of knowing i was behind nyles and in my present state that did me no good at all . 
 all nyles had to do was shoot the flamethrower at gavin and he would be burned to a crisp . 
 i did n't think vampires and fire mixed all that well . 
 wlodek said that he was sending radomir . 
 i had no idea when radomir was coming , where he was at the moment or how far i could send mindspeech . 
 i sent it out anyway , because the way things were going , gavin and i might not make it out of this alive . 
 radomir , we 're at the fisherman 's bend bar in tampa . 
 nyles has a flamethrower . 
 that was the best i could do before i concentrated on turning back to myself behind nyles as he faced off with gavin . 
 nyles was laughing and shouting at gavin as i turned , and for fun shot the flamethrower toward gavin 's left to keep him from inching toward the door . 
 i also heard sirens in the distance and knew we did n't have much time . 
 i concentrated harder while nyles aimed another blast at gavin . 
 gavin moved at the last millisecond , barely avoiding being fried . 
 the table continued to burn , along with the wall to gavin 's left . 
 the whole building was going to go up quickly once those flames found their way to the ceiling . 
 `` you should have held your child in check , '' gavin said , ducking another shot of flame . 
 `` you think so ? 
 who do you think taught him to play ? '' 
 nyles sounded crazed and i figured a crazed vampire could n't be a good thing . 
 i also did n't think nyles planned on coming out of this alive . 
 he intended to take gavin down with him when he went , too . 
 `` i wondered how many people would die before you figured out my simple puzzle , '' nyles laughed . 
 i was nearly solid again . 
 only a few more seconds . 
 those seconds were too long . 
 `` stand still while i kill you , '' nyles ' compulsion rang out like a bell and gavin went completely still . 
 nyles was firing his flamethrower directly at gavin when i got back to normal and i did n't even have to force my claws out this time , i was so furious . 
 i slashed out at nyles ' neck , causing him to shoot the flamethrower upward and catching the ceiling on fire . 
 chapter 18 nyles stood there , shooting fire into the ceiling for seconds and the entire bar was in flames before he began to flake away . 
 his head never dropped from his body , though , until his knees buckled and he fell to the floor . 
 the flamethrower stopped then but it was already too late ; fire was roaring through the building . 
 gavin 's flesh was still burning when i threw myself on top of him , barely managing to suffocate the flames before the building began to cave in . 
 water was pouring in , too-the firefighters had arrived . 
 i have no idea what those people thought when i kicked right through the wall of the building , hauling gavin along with me . 
 the scent of burning was in my nostrils and i could n't smell anything other than that . 
 someone came forward to help me and i was trying to fend him off , knowing if gavin were taken to a hospital somewhere , it would be disastrous . 
 `` lissa ! 
 lissa , it 's me ! '' 
 radomir was trying to get through to me somehow , but it took precious time to do it . 
 when i realized who it was and allowed him take gavin , radomir rushed us through the gathered crowd who parted to let us pass . 
 gavin was laid in the back seat of a rented suv , radomir tossed me into the passenger seat and in a blink , we were on our way out of there . 
 i started crying . 
 gavin was dead and everything was awful . 
 `` there 's blood in the cooler in the back , '' radomir said , doing his best to drive through the city as quickly as possible . 
 `` see if you can get him to swallow any . '' 
 i was sniffling as i climbed through the speeding suv , carefully wriggling over the back seat so i would n't injure gavin 's blackened flesh . 
 tossing six bags of blood into the floor in front of the back seat , i climbed back over and ripped the top off one of the bags . 
 gavin could n't even moan as i did my best to pour blood down his throat . 
 most of it was coming right back out again , even as i was praying that some of it would make its way inside . 
 `` come on , gavin , '' i wept . 
 `` drink this or i swear i 'll never speak to you again . '' 
 the second bag was now in my hand and i was trying desperately to get it down gavin 's throat . 
 his throat convulsed and he swallowed . 
 and then swallowed again . 
 i almost sobbed and poured the rest of that bag into him before tossing the empty aside and reaching for the third . 
 i had the better part of five bags into gavin when radomir drove in the garage at the safe house . 
 he carried gavin inside and down the steps to the basement . 
 we convinced gavin to drink another two bags of blood and radomir was beginning to look hopeful . 
 gavin was lying on the sofa in the tiny living room while i was picking charred clothing away from his flesh . 
 `` we 'll put him in a tub of water shortly before dawn , '' radomir told me . 
 `` i think we 've gotten enough blood down him now . '' 
 radomir handed a unit of blood to me later while i sat at the kitchen table , staring morosely at gavin 's body lying on the sofa just feet away . 
 `` drink some , it 'll help , '' radomir urged gently . 
 `` if you had n't sent mindspeech , i would never have known where you were , '' he added . 
 `` and it came in , clear as a bell . 
 the plane had just landed at the airport and i was loading my bags into the suv . '' 
 `` thank you for being there . '' 
 i still felt like crying as i sipped my blood . 
 `` i was terrified somebody would try to take him to a hospital and that would have been a calamity . '' 
 `` yes , it would have been that for certain , '' radomir sighed . 
 he pulled out his cell phone and dialed a number . 
 i heard wlodek 's voice when he answered . 
 `` child , '' wlodek said , `` what has happened ? '' 
 radomir truly was wlodek 's son , by blood . 
 not his biological father , but by blood , anyway . 
 i realized i could connect the two by scent . 
 `` nyles had a flamethrower and burned down a bar along with injuring gavin . 
 we do not know if he will survive the rejuvenating sleep , '' radomir explained . 
 `` is nyles still running loose , then ? '' 
 wlodek sounded upset . 
 `` no , father . 
 lissa killed him . '' 
 `` put lissa on the phone . '' 
 it was an order . 
 radomir handed the phone to me . 
 `` honored one ? '' 
 i was tired and it came through in my voice . 
 `` lissa , tell me exactly what happened . '' 
 i told him . 
 about turning to mist and nyles playing with all of us , terrifying the bar crowd and sending them rushing through the door . 
 about his placing a compulsion on gavin so he 'd stand still to be burned . 
 and then about my turning back to myself behind nyles to decapitate him . 
 `` do you think gavin will live ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i hope so , '' i sighed . 
 `` we got as much blood as we could into him . 
 i guess we have to wait now . 
 his skin is black and just flakes off if we touch him . '' 
 `` i made the right decision , sending you , '' wlodek said . 
 `` yes , i suppose you did , '' i agreed . 
 `` i just wish it had turned out better . '' 
 `` i will get some of the local vampires to do damage control , '' he told me . 
 `` there are quite a few in the area . 
 let me speak to radomir again . '' 
 i handed the phone back to radomir and went to kneel beside gavin . 
 even his hair had been burned . 
 i remembered charles telling me it would only grow about half an inch a year . 
 if gavin lived , he 'd have short hair for a while . 
 `` gavin , '' i said softly , `` i do n't know you well enough to say what you need to hear to make you want to live . 
 i have no idea what that might be . 
 but i ca n't help thinking that you would n't want to leave this way . 
 you strike me as the guy who 'd want to decide for himself how that happened , instead of allowing some crazed idiot with a flamethrower to make that decision for you . 
 radomir says we 'll put you in a tub of water after a while , so i 'm going to go clean the bathtub a little . 
 i do n't want you getting soap scum on your tooshie when we put you in . '' 
 i touched his forehead lightly and my fingers were blackened with ash when i pulled them away . 
 the bathtub was as clean as i could make it when we put him in later . 
 `` i made the water slightly warm , i hope it 's the right temperature , '' i told gavin as radomir lowered him into the tub . 
 the water was black in seconds as the top layer of his skin floated away . 
 we replaced the water three times and it was still draining out gray when we pulled gavin out . 
 i 'd laid towels across his bed as radomir carried gavin inside the bedroom and laid him down on top of them . 
 `` honey , i do n't know if you can stand this or not , but i 'm taking a chance anyway , '' i said and covered gavin lightly with a sheet . 
 `` i 'll sleep in here , over in the floor , '' i told radomir . 
 `` you can take my bed . '' 
 radomir did n't argue when i went to the other side of the floor and sat down . 
 i keeled right over the minute dawn came . 
 * * * the moan woke me when night fell , making me jerk upright . 
 i 'd been in a curled up position , having fallen over in the floor the minute the sun had come up , almost . 
 scuffling over to the bed on my knees , i peeked over the edge to see what was happening . 
 gavin was moving just a little . 
 his skin looked bright pink , as skin sometimes does after a scab drops off . 
 `` i 'll get some blood for you , '' i told him and rushed off to the kitchen . 
 having no idea how much he might need or be able to drink , i grabbed three bags and ran back to the bedroom . 
 gavin was moving around , trying to sit up . 
 `` here , '' i said , pulling him up as best i could while trying not to hurt him . 
 he was naked , did n't seem to care and nearly bald on top of that-there were still a few small patches of hair on the back of his head . 
 his dark eyes examined me briefly before tearing into the first bag of blood and drinking it quickly . 
 i had the top off the second one and passed that to him so he could start on it . 
 he got halfway into the third one before he sat back , closed his eyes and sighed . 
 `` did you get the ass ** le ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . 
 asshole gone now . 
 gone , gone . '' 
 `` why are you talking like that ? '' 
 he demanded , opening his eyes and frowning at me . 
 `` ooh . 
 tarzan thump mighty chest , '' i said . 
 his mouth quirked into a smile . 
 i cleaned the bathtub out again before any of us took a shower . 
 we left the keys to our rental car under the mat ; the local vamps were going to return it for us . 
 radomir and i loaded everything into radomir 's rented suv . 
 radomir told gavin to rest while he and i did all the work . 
 that did n't sit well with him and he grumbled , but did as he was told anyway . 
 he kept his eyes closed most of the flight back , and i think he slept off and on . 
 will and russell met us at the airport and helped with the bags . 
 radomir bundled gavin into the limo russell brought and we all drove to wlodek 's manor . 
 i suppose we were debriefed , whatever the hell that means . 
 we just talked about what happened , gavin and i , while charles typed it all into his computer for the records . 
 gavin was exhausted but was n't willing to let wlodek know it , suffering in silence mostly , his face an expressionless mask . 
 he only spoke when wlodek asked a question . 
 `` nyles ' assets will be liquidated and handed over to the council , '' wlodek said after we finished talking . 
 merrill came in a little later to pick me up . 
 franklin was with him and they both hugged me . 
 i was really glad to see both of them to be honest , and when we got home it felt like home . 
 franklin went off to bed when we got back but i asked merrill if i could talk to him for a few minutes . 
 `` of course , '' he smiled , leading me toward his study . 
 `` merrill , '' i said , `` i think there 's something you should know . 
 at first i thought all vampires could do this but now i 'm not so sure . '' 
 `` what is it , child ? '' 
 he was sitting behind his desk while he watched me , his fingers steepled under his chin . 
 `` well , '' i began , `` when i finally learned that gavin 's scent was the scent of a vampire , i was able to compare that to the scents of other vampires i met afterward . 
 will 's is n't as heavy and exotic as gavin 's . 
 russell 's is a bit spicier than will 's . 
 when they took me into the council chamber that night , i knew immediately , just from the scent , that wlodek was the oldest vampire , there . 
 then the rest of the council came , according to age , that is , except for charles , of course , his was light . 
 after the council , gavin 's came next . 
 i do n't know exactly how old any of them truly are but i could line them up in descending order , according to their ages . '' 
 i looked at merrill , whose face was now unreadable . 
 `` you can tell this ? 
 this is extraordinary , '' he dropped his hands and lifted his letter opener . 
 `` yes . 
 i hope this does n't result in my death , '' i said . 
 `` i know that you would be right behind wlodek in the age thing . 
 when gavin and i walked into the bar two nights ago , i could smell nyles and knew he was older than gavin . 
 that meant he might be able to place compulsion on gavin . 
 i tried to send mindspeech to gavin to tell him , but i do n't think he heard me . '' 
 one of merrill 's eyebrows was now quirked up as high as it would go . 
 `` lissa , that talent might come in handy quite often , '' he said , smiling a little . 
 `` vampires do n't generally like telling their age and it 's rude to ask . 
 however , since you do n't know the actual number , we 'll leave it at that for now , shall we ? 
 i will have to inform wlodek of this , but if he does as i think he 'll do , he 'll keep this to himself and only ask you to employ it when necessary . 
 the fewer that know about this the better . '' 
 i nodded in total agreement with that assessment . 
 `` now , '' merrill said , `` dawn will arrive soon . 
 go to bed , little lissa and take tomorrow off . 
 read , watch television or do whatever you want . '' 
 `` can i borrow a computer ? 
 i want to order a swimsuit online . 
 i do n't have one and i 'd like to sit in the hot tub or go swimming . '' 
 `` you 're welcome to go in nude , '' he said . 
 `` although i think you might be too modest to do that . 
 feel free to use this computer anytime , '' he tapped the one on his desk . 
 `` i 'll get an e-mail account set up for you if you want and you can exchange e-mails with charles if you like . '' 
 i left merrill 's study after that , heading off to my bedroom . 
 i had another bag waiting outside my door when i rose the following evening . 
 two swimsuits were inside-a one-piece and a bikini , both in the right size . 
 there was a note inside from merrill , saying he 'd asked lena to purchase something for me . 
 that was really nice of him and lena had done a good job . 
 i borrowed merrill 's computer anyway , sent an e-mail to charles and passed along a thank you note to radomir through him . 
 it was the right thing to do . 
 * * * `` rad , she sent you a thank you note , '' charles was turning his laptop around so radomir could read the message from lissa . 
 radomir sat down in front of charles ' desk to read . 
 `` radomir , i can not tell you how much i appreciate what you did for gavin and me , '' it read . 
 `` if you had n't been there , i do n't know what we would have done . 
 had i known something you might like , i would have sent it to show my gratitude . 
 in the meantime , you 'll have to settle for my thanks . 
 lissa . '' 
 `` i do n't believe i have ever received a thank you note before , '' radomir smiled . 
 `` can we forward this to father ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 charles flipped the laptop around and did just that . 
 * * * `` she is sitting on the roof , '' merrill said , five days later . 
 `` she likes to do that , '' gavin agreed . 
 `` can you get yourself up or do you need help ? '' 
 merrill asked , almost smiling . 
 `` i can get myself up . 
 the only thing not fully recovered is my hair . '' 
 `` i can tell , '' merrill wanted to snicker but did n't . 
 `` i had to get my scalp shaved so it will grow out evenly , '' gavin huffed . 
 `` of course , '' merrill nodded agreeably . 
 * * * i was sitting on merrill 's roof , staring out over the english countryside of kent , which is quite beautiful , actually . 
 i 'd only seen pictures of what it looked like in the daytime , though . 
 what surprised me was when gavin floated up and landed on the roof . 
 i had no idea he could do that . 
 i almost slid off the roof , i was so surprised . 
 `` what the hell was that ? 
 you can just float around ? '' 
 i asked , dusting off the back of my jeans and climbing up again to sit down in my usual place . 
 `` some of the older ones can , '' he replied , sitting down next to me . 
 `` well , that explains how you got up and down those other times without making any noise , '' i grumbled . 
 `` yes . 
 that explains it . '' 
 we sat there in silence for quite a while . 
 finally , he spoke again . 
 `` lissa , i heard you . '' 
 `` gavin , you hear me all the time , whether you want to or not , '' i huffed . 
 `` no , when you mindspoke me . 
 i was so shocked i could n't even think what to say and i really do n't know how that happened . '' 
 `` and yet you stood there like a dummy and let nyles place compulsion , '' i said . 
 `` doofus . '' 
 `` lissa , i got a little taste of my own medicine that night , '' gavin told me . 
 `` i know now what it 's like to stand there , facing your own death when you ca n't move a muscle . '' 
 `` welcome to the club , '' i grumbled . 
 `` at least yours lasted only a few seconds . 
 mine lasted days . 
 you scared me , gavin . 
 you still scare me . 
 when we 're together , i keep reminding myself that you could place compulsion any time and i 'd be forced to do whatever you said . 
 do you know how humiliating it is to have to wait for permission to blink ? 
 and you 're never running a shower for me again , you jerk . 
 that water was cold . '' 
 `` i know i frightened you . '' 
 he reached over and placed his fingers on the nape of my neck , massaging it a little . 
 i drew my knees up to my chest . 
 `` do n't , lissa , '' he said , pulling me against him . 
 `` i know it 's too much to ask for you to trust me . 
 you may never trust me again and i ca n't say that i blame you . 
 i should have asked wlodek to send someone else to replace me , but i could n't do it . 
 i was torn between wanting to be with you as much as i could and jealousy if someone else came to replace me . 
 and i would n't have been able to live with myself if someone else took your life and they were cruel about it . 
 i wanted your death to be as swift and painless as i could make it , ma petite ange , if it came to that . '' 
 `` am i supposed to thank you for that ? '' 
 i asked incredulously . 
 gavin pulled me into his lap . 
 `` no , angel . 
 not at all . 
 all i want , if you are willing , is for you to give me a chance . 
 let me court you as you should be courted . 
 without interference . 
 without the rogue status and the council and the blackmail hanging over your head . 
 that is what i ask . 
 and no , i will not be placing compulsion to make the decision come out in my favor . 
 rule four , lissa , is never use compulsion for unethical reasons . 
 vampires used to take-not just blood , but sex and money and anything else they wanted-by compulsion . 
 that is wrong . 
 you were rogue and that rule is lifted when we go after criminals . 
 your decisions will be your own from this point forward where i am concerned . 
 tell me you will consider this . '' 
 he kissed the top of my head . 
 i sat there for a few minutes , gavin 's arms wound tightly around me upon the very peak of merrill 's roof . 
 the stars were out and they twinkled brightly over our heads . 
 `` i 'll think about it , '' i said . 
 * * * winkler was checking his e-mail and yawning before going to bed . 
 davis was working out well as his second and glen had slipped into the background a little . 
 he and phil had been friends for a very long time , but even glen had n't known anything about phil 's betrayal . 
 lissa 's cell phone and the credit card he 'd given her still rested on a corner of winkler 's desk ; he could n't bring himself to get rid of them . 
 they were the only things he had left of her . 
 lissa 's fake id was missing and he could only imagine that gavin had taken it with him . 
 winkler got down to his last e-mail message of the evening . 
 it was from an unknown source . 
 he was just about to hit delete without reading it when he changed his mind and opened it up . 
 he stared at the three words for a very long time . 
 `` she lives . 
 - gavin '' the end 
