 prologue june 1870 florence , italy a lone figure lurked in the shadows outside the prince 's villa , which overlooked the city of florence . 
 from the villa 's windows , one could enjoy an incredible view of the skyline-even at night . 
 not that the figure was able to enjoy that prospect . 
 the prince used strange magic to repel others of his kind , or so the figure averred . 
 half a block from the villa , which was more like a fortress , he felt nauseated and uneasy , his muscles twitching . 
 no wonder the prince had ruled the city for so long . 
 no one was able to set foot inside his gates , let alone challenge him physically . 
 tonight , however , the prince would be challenged . 
 and some of his most precious possessions would be taken . 
 in the distance , a key scraped in a lock and a heavy iron gate swung open . 
 the figure 's spine straightened , his senses alert . 
 a middle-aged man clutching a leather bag began walking toward him . 
 the figure left the sanctuary of the shadows and crossed to meet him , moving swiftly and silently . 
 `` gianni ? '' 
 he called to the man . 
 gianni increased his pace . 
 `` master , '' he murmured in italian . 
 he bowed deferentially . 
 the master took the bag and opened it . 
 his pale hands eagerly shuffled through the stack of priceless illustrations , counting them under his breath . 
 his gaze lifted to peer over at gianni . 
 `` is this all of them ? '' 
 `` yes , master . 
 one hundred in total . '' 
 gianni 's eyes were wide , unblinking , as if he were in a trance . 
 -lrb- and so he was . -rrb- 
 `` did anyone see you ? '' 
 `` no , master . 
 the servants are asleep and the prince is not at home . '' 
 `` excellent . '' 
 he grasped gianni by the shoulder , forcing him to make eye contact . 
 `` you will return to the villa and retire to your room . 
 in one hour you will awake and remember nothing that has passed between us . '' 
 `` yes , master . '' 
 `` go . 
 be sure no one sees you . '' 
 with another bow , gianni returned to the fortress . 
 the master watched as he closed and locked the gate , before entering the impressive building through one of the side doors . 
 the master muttered a renaissance curse , spitting on the ground . 
 the principality of florence should be his . 
 for years he 'd stood aside , watching , waiting for the day when he could seize control of the city . 
 my city . 
 on this evening , it seemed his patience had been rewarded . 
 he 'd undermined the prince 's confidence in the security of his fortress and stolen his most precious possession . 
 surely he could wait a little longer to uncover the prince 's secrets so he could destroy him . 
 his eyes alighted on one of the illustrations-a pen and ink drawing of dante and beatrice-before closing the bag and breaking into a run . 
 in an instant , he leapt from the piazzale to the road below and disappeared into the night . 
 chapter 1 august 2011 florence , italy the prince of florence stood on the first floor of the uffizi gallery , contemplating murder . 
 a crowd of the city 's human elite swirled around him-men in tuxedos , women in floor-length gowns-as the arrogant , insufferable professor gabriel emerson filled the renaissance structure with his insipidity . 
 the prince had killed before . 
 he was discriminate in his choice of victims and only on rare occasions did he take pleasure in it . 
 this was going to be one of those occasions . 
 he was fleet of foot and cunning in the extreme , his supernatural strength compounded by his intelligence . 
 no doubt he could reach the american professor and break his neck before anyone noticed something amiss . 
 the prince fantasized about sprinting across the floor , executing the professor , and fleeing through a window before any of the one hundred guests paused in sipping their sparkling wine . 
 human beings were easily deluded . 
 probably they would credit the professor 's death to a sudden , spontaneous stroke , having no idea what stood in their midst . 
 the prince 's body tensed at the tantalizing thought , the muscles in his forearms contracting beneath the sleeves of his expensive black suit . 
 a swift death was not in keeping with the magnitude of the professor 's crime , which included considerable insult in addition to personal injury . 
 the prince prided himself in his commitment to justice -lrb- as he defined it -rrb- , so he discarded the possibility of a quick execution . 
 the professor must be made to suffer and that meant his beautiful wife must suffer , also . 
 she was standing near her husband and wearing a red dress , the color of the garment acting like a flag before a bull . 
 certainly , she 'd captured his attention . 
 he stared intensely , taking in every aspect of her figure . 
 as if she felt his eyes , her gaze moved to his . 
 she looked away quickly . 
 mrs. julianne emerson was younger than her husband , petite , and in the prince 's view , much too thin . 
 her eyes , which by all accounts were very pretty , were large and dark . 
 her face put him in mind of renaissance paintings-elegant of neck and cheek . 
 the prince indulged himself in admiring the professor 's wife as the fool droned on and on in italian about how she 'd persuaded him to share his copies of the original botticelli illustrations . 
 his ignorant remarks only fanned the flames of the prince 's anger . 
 they were his illustrations , not the professor 's , and they were original , completed by sandro botticelli himself . 
 clearly , the professor , in addition to being a thief , was a philistine who could n't tell the difference between an original and a copy . 
 the prince began constructing new and elaborate methods of torture , combined with a primer in art history , while ignoring the professor 's wordy praise for his wife 's philanthropic work with orphans and the homeless . 
 too many human beings hoped their deeds would cover their sins and save them . 
 the prince knew too well the futility of good works . 
 the emersons trafficked in stolen property . 
 they had acquired artwork the prince had tried to recover for over a century . 
 in addition , they had the temerity to march into the prince 's city , offer his illustrations to the uffizi , -lrb- while claiming them to be copies -rrb- , and make a spectacle of themselves . 
 it was as if they had constructed the most detailed and elaborate way of inciting his ire . 
 now their lives were forfeit . 
 the prince continued to stare in the direction of mrs. emerson , his gray eyes unseeing . 
 then , something caught his attention . 
 for no apparent reason , the young woman blushed , gazing with longing and love at her husband . 
 in that instant the prince was reminded of someone else-a woman who had looked at him with the sweet blush of youth and a heart filled with longing . 
 the old memory twisted inside him , like a snake . 
 `` my challenge to you this evening is to enjoy the beauty of the illustrations of dante 's divine comedy , and then to find it in your hearts to celebrate beauty , charity , and compassion in the city dante loved , firenze . 
 thank you . '' 
 the professor bowed as he concluded his remarks . 
 he walked over to his wife and embraced her , to the sound of loud applause . 
 the prince did n't applaud . 
 in fact , he scowled , muttering a curse about dante . 
 he appeared alone in his contempt , the only member of the crowd of florentine elite who did not clap . 
 certainly , he was the only one in the room who 'd actually engaged dante in direct conversation and informed the poet he was an ass . 
 the prince took no pleasure in the recollection . 
 he disliked dante then and now , and he hated the world dante constructed in his magnum opus . 
 -lrb- the prince did not consider the incompatibility between his love for botticelli 's illustrations and his hatred for the text they figured . -rrb- 
 he adjusted the cuff links of his black dress shirt , which featured the symbol of florence . 
 he would follow the emersons , and when they were out of sight of witnesses , he 'd attack . 
 he simply needed to be patient . 
 patience was a virtue he possessed in abundance . 
 as the guests mingled and refreshments were served , the prince kept to himself , eschewing conversation and refusing the food and drink on offer . 
 human beings usually had one of two reactions to him . 
 they either sensed he was dangerous and gave him a wide berth , or they stared , sometimes approaching him even before they realized they were moving in his direction . 
 he was handsome . 
 one might even say he was beautiful , with blond hair , gray eyes , and a youthful appearance . 
 his body , although less than six feet tall , was lean and muscular beneath his black suit . 
 given the power he wielded , his posture and movements were strong and purposeful . 
 he was the predator , not the prey , and so he had little to fear . 
 in this room , for example , he had nothing to fear except exposure . 
 he nodded briefly at dottor vitali , the director of the gallery , but avoided speaking with him . 
 indeed , the prince 's anger also extended to the director , for he , too , had trafficked in stolen goods . 
 the prince of florence had n't maintained his rule of the city by practicing mercy . 
 in his principality , justice was served swiftly , encompassing any and all wrongdoers . 
 when it was dottor vitali 's turn , he would be punished . 
 the prince approached the doors of the exhibition hall , noting that its interior walls had been painted a bright blue , all the better to display the pen-and-ink illustrations of dante 's divine comedy . 
 he was relieved to discover his precious artwork had been mounted in glass cases , which would protect them . 
 he surveyed the room from wall to wall and from floor to ceiling , taking note of any and all security measures . 
 executing the emersons was only part of his plan . 
 he 'd have to retrieve his illustrations , as well . 
 he watched as the professor and his wife stood in front of one of the finer examples of botticelli 's work , an image of dante and beatrice in the sphere of mercury . 
 beatrice wore flowing robes and pointed upward , while dante followed her gesture with his eyes . 
 with purposeful steps , the prince approached . 
 mrs. emerson 's eyes flickered to his and for a moment , the prince toyed with the idea of exerting mind control over her . 
 when he was within touching distance of the glass case , the emersons shuffled to the side , giving way to him . 
 inexplicably , the professor placed his wife behind him , blocking her from the prince 's view . 
 the two males locked eyes . 
 the prince had to restrain himself from smiling . 
 the professor had no idea of the extent of his adversary 's power . 
 or his rage . 
 `` good evening . '' 
 the prince addressed them in english , bowing formally . 
 `` evening , '' gabriel clipped , his palm sliding down his wife 's wrist in order to grasp her hand . 
 the prince watched the path of gabriel 's hand and indulged himself in a small smile . 
 `` a remarkable evening . '' 
 he gestured magnanimously to the room . 
 `` quite , '' said gabriel , gripping julia 's hand a little too tightly . 
 `` it 's generous of you to share your illustrations . '' 
 the prince spoke ironically . 
 `` how fortunate for you that you acquired them in secret and not on the open market . '' 
 he waited for the professor 's reaction , inhaling surreptitiously for the purpose of analyzing the emersons ' scents . 
 the professor 's scent was unremarkable . 
 from it , the prince divined that the man was healthy and more than a little arrogant , the virtues in his life not yet fully formed . 
 it was clear he had a protective streak . 
 both the sharpness of his blood and his body language indicated that he would give his life for the young woman standing behind him . 
 the mere idea was provocative . 
 having read the professor 's character through the aromas of his body and blood , the prince turned his attention to the charitable mrs. emerson . 
 initially , she smelled of virtue-of compassion and generosity . 
 the prince found the perfume of her goodness surprising and most pleasing . 
 as if it were a reflex , his eyes moved to the drawing of beatrice displayed nearby . 
 `` yes , i count myself lucky . 
 enjoy your evening . '' 
 with a stiff nod , gabriel moved away , still gripping his wife 's hand . 
 the prince remained where he was and closed his eyes , inhaling deeply once again . 
 as mrs. emerson moved away , something unpleasant and downright wretched teased his nostrils . 
 the prince opened his eyes at the stark realization that mrs. emerson was ill . 
 her kindness and charity almost masked the unpleasant undertone to her scent , but there it was , lurking in the background like a serpent . 
 the prince and his kind were adept at detecting various defects and diseases in human beings . 
 perhaps it was innate or a product of adaptation . 
 but whatever the reason , the ability enabled his species to choose between desirable and distasteful food sources . 
 through his skill , he could determine that mrs. emerson 's blood lacked iron . 
 that much was certain . 
 but there was something seriously wrong with her ; something he 'd not scented before , which made her repugnant to him . 
 however , her virtues were real enough . 
 he was surprised to discover she was not the pampered society wife he 'd thought she was . 
 the prince 's gaze followed the emersons to the opposite end of the hall where they huddled together , whispering furiously . 
 with one last conflicted look at mrs. emerson 's pretty face , he turned on his heel and walked away . 
 chapter 2 prudence was another of the prince 's remaining virtues . 
 his anger had not been quenched . 
 of course , he 'd been feeding it for over a century . 
 it grew , like a fattened pig , every time his attempts at discovering the whereabouts of his precious botticelli illustrations failed . 
 at the right time , he 'd have his justice but not in a public place . 
 certainly not in the middle of a society event , amidst photographers and journalists . 
 no , he 'd follow the emersons and when they left the gala , he 'd attack . 
 but he 'd spare mrs. emerson 's life . 
 the prince retained some vestige of a moral code . 
 not because he believed good works would save him-he knew they would n't . 
 he possessed a moral code because he 'd never been able to abandon aspects of the code he observed when he was human . 
 more specifically , he did not take goodness from the world . 
 at least , not intentionally . 
 this meant that mrs. emerson 's virtues must be preserved . 
 besides , she was ill . 
 it was more than likely her sickness , whatever it was , would mete out its own punishment and soon . 
 he would not pardon the professor , however . 
 earlier that evening , dottor vitali delivered a speech in which he traced the provenance of the illustrations from the professor back to an unnamed swiss family . 
 the prince had been surprised by this revelation . 
 he 'd been ever more surprised to discover his illustrations had been so near for so long . 
 he 'd searched for them in vain for years , even to the point of dispatching his second in command to scour most of western europe . 
 lorenzo had returned empty-handed and without prospects . 
 after dealing with the emersons , the prince intended to interrogate vitali about the identity of the swiss family . 
 then he 'd send an envoy to switzerland to discover how and from whom they 'd acquired his property . 
 he knew one thing and the thing gave him cold comfort-whoever had stolen the illustrations from his house was not of his kind . 
 this meant that the thieves , whoever they were , were long dead . 
 he 'd tortured and killed his entire staff of servants in the days after the theft . 
 he knew some of them had to have been involved , even unintentionally . 
 but he 'd never been able to discover who 'd been involved or how . 
 with such thoughts in mind , the prince faded into the background of the gala , as was his custom when he mingled with human beings . 
 he had no interest in their petty pursuits or inane conversations . 
 he was present for one purpose and would not be distracted from his goal . 
 he waited until he saw the emersons steal away from their guests and ascend the large stone staircase to the second floor . 
 he trailed them from a respectable distance , easily distracting the security guard who was posted at the foot of the staircase . 
 when he arrived at the second floor he found the corridor abandoned . 
 he followed the emersons ' scents to the botticelli room . 
 peering through the door , he saw them entangled in a passionate embrace . 
 with scant reflection , he decided to enter the room and admire the artwork , but to do so unseen . 
 it had been some time since he 'd viewed the works of the uffizi in person . 
 the affairs of state kept him busy , as did his other pursuits . 
 he scaled one of the interior walls and suspended himself from the ceiling , taking care to be silent in his movements . 
 this was an old trick of his kind when they wished to observe human behavior unseen . 
 it was amazing how few human beings ever bothered to look up . 
 while the emersons kissed and whispered to each other , the prince took a moment to appreciate the birth of venus and the copy of botticelli 's original primavera , an immense feeling of superiority and satisfaction swelling his chest . 
 with respect to primavera , he knew what no one else in the world knew . 
 he held his secret knowledge tightly , like a precious jewel . 
 his self-congratulatory thoughts were interrupted by mrs. emerson , who grabbed her husband suddenly and pulled him to the corridor . 
 the prince was about to follow them when he noticed a new addition to the room , near where the emersons had been kissing . 
 dropping soundlessly from the ceiling to the floor , he strode toward the work . 
 a few feet away he stopped . 
 on the wall opposite the birth of venus was a large black-and-white photograph of mrs. emerson . 
 she was in profile , eyes closed and smiling . 
 her long dark hair was being lifted by a pair of hands . 
 it was an extraordinary image , even to his cold and cynical gray eyes . 
 its beauty was made poignant by the knowledge she was ill . 
 his eyes traveled to the words that had been posted below the photograph . 
 it was a quotation from dante , deh , bella donna , che a ' raggi d'amore ti scaldi , s ` i ' vo ' credere a ' sembianti che soglion esser testimon del core , vegnati in voglia di trarreti avanti , diss ` io a lei , verso questa rivera , tanto ch ` io possa intender che tu canti . 
 tu mi fai rimembrar dove e qual era proserpina nel tempo che perdette la madre lei , ed ella primavera . 
 - dante , purgatorio 28.045-051 . 
 `` ah , beauteous lady , who in rays of love dost warm thyself , if i may trust to looks , which the heart 's witnesses are wont to be , may the desire come unto thee to draw near to this river 's bank , '' i said to her , `` so much that i might hear what thou art singing . 
 thou makest me remember where and what proserpina that moment was when lost her mother her , and she herself the spring . '' 
 the prince scoffed and turned on his heel . 
 he had n't liked dante in life and he liked him even less in death . 
 beatrice was a different case ... . 
 let the emersons view themselves as modern incarnations of dante and beatrice . 
 it mattered not . 
 mercy was not part of the prince 's nature and not all the romantic love in the world would change that fact . 
 the professor would pay for his thievery , and his wife would mourn him . 
 in those events , justice would be served . 
 anxious that perhaps the emersons had fled the building , he entered the hall , following their scent down the corridor . 
 in the distance , he could hear voices and muffled sounds . 
 he approached silently , almost floating across the floor . 
 desperate groans and the rustling of fabric filled his ears , along with the twin sounds of rapidly beating hearts . 
 he could smell their scents , the aromas heightened due to their sexual arousal . 
 he growled in reaction , baring his teeth . 
 the corridor was shrouded in darkness but the prince could see that the professor had his wife up against a window between two statues , her legs wrapped around his waist . 
 her voice was breathy as she spoke , but the prince tuned out her words , moving closer so he could catch a glimpse of her lovely face . 
 at the sight of it , flushed with passion , his old heart quickened and he felt the stirrings of arousal . 
 it was not his custom to observe rather than participate . 
 but on this occasion , he decided to make an exception . 
 careful to remain in the darkness , he moved to the wall opposite the couple . 
 the woman squirmed in her lover 's arms , her high heels catching on his tuxedo jacket . 
 her fingers flew to his neck , undoing his bow tie and tossing it carelessly to the floor . 
 she unbuttoned his shirt , and her mouth moved to his chest , as murmurs of pleasure escaped his lips . 
 the prince felt more than desire as he watched the woman 's eager movements . 
 he caught a glimpse of her exquisite mouth and the toss of her long hair that would no doubt feel like silk between his fingers . 
 she lifted her head to smile at the man who held her close and he could see love in her eyes . 
 it had been many , many years since someone smiled at him like that . 
 as if he , himself , were the prize . 
 the prince felt the sharpness of loss in that instance and the heaviness of an emerging envy . 
 the second floor was not air-conditioned and was warm , very warm . 
 the air clung , growing thick with the scent of the lovers-a mixture of blood and sex that teased the prince 's nostrils . 
 the professor 's hand disappeared between his wife 's legs and he began to touch her , whispering sensual words of appreciation . 
 the prince craned his neck for a better view but of course his line of sight was obscured by the professor 's body . 
 he cursed , remembering once again how the professor seemed to stand between him and what he wanted . 
 he followed the movement of the man 's arm , watching as the rhythm was matched by the shifting of the woman 's hips and the sounds emanating from her throat . 
 breathy groans and panting tempted him to push the professor aside and take her himself . 
 he indulged himself in a momentary fantasy . 
 the young woman warm and willing in his arms , her eager mouth pressed to his as he entered her . 
 he 'd be careful , of course , because humans were breakable . 
 but she would be warm and pliable , and when she cried out in his arms he 'd bend his lips to her neck and ... `` do n't make me wait , '' the woman spoke , her tone urgent . 
 the prince awoke from his reverie to see her hands covering her lover 's backside as she tried to urge him closer . 
 low murmurings were exchanged and gentle laughter as the professor reached into his pocket and withdrew a foil packet . 
 the joy between the couple surprised the voyeur , as if it were out of place . 
 he was used to hard , angry coupling , absent joy , absent affection . 
 he fornicated as he fed-with a goal to pleasure and satisfaction , to filling a void and sating a hunger . 
 what he was witnessing was something else entirely . 
 the sound of trousers being unzipped echoed in the corridor . 
 the woman exhaled in satisfaction as her lover pushed inside her . 
 the pair moved in concert , hands tugging and pulling , grunts of delight filling the air . 
 the woman 's back thudded against the windowpanes as her lover thrust more forcefully . 
 her eyes were open , heated , until they fluttered closed and her ruby lips parted . 
 `` i 'm close , '' she moaned , a series of inchoate sounds escaping her mouth as she climaxed . 
 the man said her name as he quickened his movements , his hips rolling and pushing . 
 then he , too , was overcome . 
 the scent of sex filled the air as the lovers clung to each other . 
 the prince gritted his teeth , his arousal both painful and obvious beneath his black trousers . 
 he steeled himself against the sensation , shamelessly staring at the couple as they gently caressed each other . 
 he could hear their lungs expand and contract and their heart rates begin to slow . 
 the professor lifted a hand to his wife 's face , caressing her cheekbone . 
 she leaned into his touch , pressing her lips to the edge of his palm . 
 the prince averted his eyes , as if he 'd trespassed on an intimacy . 
 `` can you walk ? '' 
 the professor placed his wife on her feet and bent to straighten her dress . 
 she laughed , the sound light and happy . 
 `` i think so . 
 i might be a little wobbly . '' 
 `` then allow me . '' 
 he lifted her in his arms and carried her down the corridor . 
 the prince followed discreetly , peering around the corner as they disappeared into a bathroom . 
 he refused to entertain any of the conflicting thoughts he was having after having witnessed the passionate but tender scene . 
 instead , he adjusted his trousers , willing himself to calm down . 
 his thoughts wandered to the photograph that was hanging in the botticelli room , but only for a moment . 
 his idea of justice and his plans for achieving it easily blotted out the possibility of sentiment . 
 he focused his attention on his people , his principality , and the lengths he would go to maintain his control of them . 
 then he waited for his prey to emerge from their hiding place . 
 chapter 3 `` massimo , there you are . 
 what 's the name of the young man we were speaking to earlier ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 dottor vitali gazed up at his american friend , confused . 
 the professor scanned the guests as they assembled in one of the large lecture rooms downstairs , waiting to be seated for dinner . 
 `` there . '' 
 gabriel pointed to a man dressed in a black suit who was staring in their direction . 
 the man who , unbeknownst to him , had followed him and his wife upstairs . 
 as if he 'd heard the professor 's words from across the room , the figure turned abruptly in his direction and gave him a menacing look . 
 vitali watched the wordless exchange between the man in the black suit and the professor and nodded . 
 `` ah , the englishman . 
 he made a substantial donation to the gallery when he learned of your benevolence and requested an invitation to tonight 's events . 
 apparently , he 's a patron of the palazzo medici riccardi and funded its restoration . '' 
 `` his name ? '' 
 gabriel pressed . 
 vitali stared into space absently . 
 `` massimo ? '' 
 gabriel snapped his fingers . 
 vitali startled , his eyes moving to the professor 's . 
 `` what was i saying ? '' 
 gabriel resisted the urge to huff in frustration . 
 `` you were going to tell me the name of the young englishman who made a donation to the gallery . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 vitali smiled . 
 `` i do n't remember his name but we will ask my assistant . 
 he has the guest list . '' 
 gabriel pressed his lips together . 
 `` so you do n't know the man personally ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 but i recall the donation was large and wired within an hour from a swiss bank . '' 
 gabriel frowned . 
 `` i do n't trust him . 
 do me a favor and keep him away from julianne . '' 
 vitali gave him a puzzled look . 
 `` has he insulted her ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 vitali glanced at the englishman . 
 `` he 's one of those rich , young aristocrats who fled england to pursue pleasure in my country . 
 we 've seen thousands of his kind over the years . 
 i 'm sure he knows better than to trouble your wife . '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 gabriel 's tone was unconvincing , as was his expression as he stared at the stranger 's retreating back . 
 vitali gestured to the front of the room . 
 `` come , my friends . 
 please . '' 
 gabriel extricated julia from a conversation she 'd been having with vitali 's wife , and escorted her to their table . 
 `` va bene , '' said vitali , taking his wife by the hand and following the emersons . 
 neither the professor nor vitali realized that even from the hall the mysterious stranger could hear every word of their exchange , or that he 'd changed his mind and decided to deal with vitali sooner rather than later . 
 dottor vitali 's memory was about to become even less reliable . 
 chapter 4 the emersons had sexual intercourse during the gala not once but twice . 
 the prince silently saluted the professor 's -lrb- human -rrb- stamina . 
 it was close to midnight by the time the elaborate dinner ended and the emersons said their farewells to dottor vitali . 
 they exited the uffizi hand in hand , strolling toward the piazza della signoria . 
 the prince followed , keeping to the shadows . 
 a figure trailed behind him , having encircled the uffizi for hours , like a shark , waiting for him to emerge . 
 the figure made sure that he was downwind of the prince , so that his scent would not reveal him . 
 it was a short walk from the piazza to the gallery hotel art , which was only a few steps from the arno river . 
 still , the emersons took their time . 
 mrs. emerson seemed determined to give money to every homeless person she encountered and the professor seemed determined to kiss her every time they passed a gelateria . 
 -lrb- given the number of homeless persons and gelaterias in the city center , the prince despaired of them ever making it to their hotel before advent . -rrb- 
 when they finally entered the hotel , the prince stood across the street , waiting . 
 his contacts in the human intelligence network had informed him that the professor had expensive tastes . 
 he 'd reserved the penthouse suite . 
 locked doors and tall buildings were no barrier to the prince , given his abilities , but it was fortuitous that the penthouse was easily accessible from its private terrace . 
 he 'd simply bide his time until the emersons retired for the evening . 
 -lrb- the prince secretly hoped they would not have intercourse a third time , as it would delay his revenge once again . -rrb- 
 it was at this point that the figure who had been following him disappeared . 
 the prince saw the lights go on in the penthouse . 
 a short time later , those same lights were extinguished . 
 in a flash , he was across the street . 
 he was just about to scale the side of the hotel when the wind shifted . 
 he froze , closing his eyes and inhaling . 
 the scent of a number of his kind came into sharp relief . 
 not a single one of the scents was familiar . 
 the prince ascended to the roof just in time to see a crowd of ten men , wielding swords , sprinting across the rooftops in his direction . 
 they were about a half a mile away . 
 he was unarmed . 
 quickly , he surveyed the area in case they 'd sent another group to flank him . 
 but they had n't . 
 the prince found the fact rather curious . 
 it was possible they were after someone else . 
 possible , but not likely . 
 a group of armed beings running in his direction meant only one thing-assassination . 
 he faced them , his body alert , continuing to survey the area in case there were more . 
 the group leapt to the building next to the hotel and stopped . 
 once again , the prince found their strategy -lrb- or lack thereof -rrb- surprising . 
 `` the prince of florence , alone and unarmed . '' 
 a man who appeared to be the leader of the group addressed him in italian , brandishing his broadsword . 
 the prince examined the group , searching for any familiar faces . 
 he found none . 
 he straightened himself to his full height . 
 `` you have one minute to put down your swords and surrender , or i will destroy you . '' 
 the group laughed , one of them moving to the edge of the roof to taunt him . 
 `` are you mad ? 
 we are ten to your one . '' 
 the prince 's gray eyes lasered into his . 
 `` do you have any idea who you are addressing ? 
 i 've been in possession of this principality for centuries . 
 lay down your weapons or die holding them . '' 
 the group laughed again . 
 another man mimed a beheading , his broadsword whistling through the air . 
 when the laughter ended , the first man who 'd spoken raised his weapon and with a shout crossed the gap between the buildings , flying toward the prince . 
 the prince remained still until the man was just above him . 
 then he stepped to the side , grabbing the man 's sword hand at the wrist and wrenching it . 
 the wrist bones snapped like twigs beneath his fingers . 
 the man howled in pain and released the sword , crashing to the roof . 
 the prince caught the sword with his left hand and spun , slicing through the man 's neck . 
 the head flew into the air and then hit the floor with a sickening , wet thud . 
 he tossed the sword to his right , kicking the headless corpse aside . 
 he turned his smile on the group . 
 `` next ? '' 
 there was an instant of hesitation , but only an instant . 
 a cry rang out from the remaining members and they surged forward . 
 the prince waited until they were almost within striking distance before leaping high into the air . 
 he executed a flip midair and landed behind them , quickly severing the heads of two men with a single stroke . 
 again , he kicked the decapitated bodies aside , ignoring the rolling heads . 
 his attackers rushed him . 
 the prince fenced and battled , leaping into the air to avoid the blades . 
 in a few moments , he 'd diminished the group by six . 
 only four remained , including the leader . 
 `` put down your swords . '' 
 the prince paced like a lion , herding the men toward the edge of the roof . 
 the leader cursed , spitting on the ground . 
 `` vincenzo , see to the others . '' 
 the leader addressed the man next to him , gesturing to the corpses and heads that littered the roof , their blackish blood shining like tar in the semidarkness . 
 the leader attacked , hoping to give vincenzo the opening he needed . 
 the prince evaded the leader 's strikes and kicked vincenzo in the chest , forcing him to his knees before taking his head . 
 the prince pointed his bloodied sword at the leader . 
 `` tell me to whom i owe the pleasure of your visit before i kill you . '' 
 the leader gripped his weapon more tightly . 
 `` you 're still outnumbered . '' 
 `` not for long . '' 
 the leader jumped over the side of the roof , his two companions following after . 
 the prince calmly looked down at them . 
 they landed next to the hotel , poised to fight . 
 he glanced around , ensuring there were no other raiding parties nearby . 
 then he flew to the ground , landing several feet away from the remaining attackers . 
 `` tell me who sent you and perhaps i 'll spare you . '' 
 the leader and his companions moved forward in a line . 
 `` we do n't need your charity . '' 
 `` then you , would-be assassin , are dead . '' 
 the prince ran toward them , driving his sword into the leader 's chest , skewering him through the heart . 
 it was not a mortal wound but it felled the man . 
 the prince heard his heart stutter and grow silent . 
 the remaining two men approached him on the other side , coordinating their attack . 
 the prince retrieved the leader 's fallen sword and fought the others simultaneously , swinging a sword from each hand . 
 the two fighters were stronger than the others . 
 the prince slashed and parried but he would not retreat , forcing them to take defensive positions . 
 all at once , he dropped the sword from his left and grasped the remaining sword with both hands . 
 he leapt into the air and swung with a great cry , slashing through the necks of both men . 
 they fell down dead , their heads spinning through the air until they finally smashed to the pavement . 
 he stepped over to the leader , still carrying his weapon . 
 `` how did you know where to find me ? '' 
 the man swore in italian , clutching the seeping wound in his chest . 
 the prince delivered a swift kick to his ribs , the sounds of splintering bones filling the air . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 `` may the prince of venice live forever , '' he gasped . 
 the prince pointed his sword to the sky . 
 `` i 'm going to send your head to the prince of venice with a note : next time , send an army . '' 
 he placed a foot on the man 's chest and lifted his sword , before bringing it down on the man 's neck . 
 chapter 5 `` i see i 've missed all the fun . '' 
 a woman 's voice speaking english sounded overhead . 
 the prince looked up to see a familiar redhead leap from the roof of the hotel to the ground below . 
 she regarded the corpses and heads with distaste . 
 `` you 've made a mess , my lord . '' 
 `` aoibhe . '' 
 the prince acknowledged her , still holding his bloodied sword . 
 the woman was almost as tall as the prince , standing at five feet , nine inches . 
 her hair was long , falling to her backside , and she had exceptional brown eyes that sparkled in her lovely face . 
 she looked to be twenty , but appearances were deceiving . 
 she kicked at one of the heads , bending to examine its features . 
 `` i do n't recognize him . 
 is he one of ours ? '' 
 `` venetian . '' 
 the prince lowered his weapon , regarding the carnage . 
 `` or so they implied . '' 
 her dark eyes moved to his . 
 `` venetian ? 
 are you sure ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm familiar with marcus 's inner circle . 
 these were strangers to me . '' 
 she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` they are n't ferals . 
 could they be mercenaries ? '' 
 `` it 's possible . '' 
 the prince shifted his sword , placing it tip down on the pavement and leaning on it thoughtfully . 
 `` you could have kept one for interrogation . '' 
 aoibhe grinned . 
 `` it 's been some time since we 've enjoyed a good torture . '' 
 `` i doubt torture would have extracted anything useful . 
 to torture them effectively , we 'd have to deliver them to the curia . '' 
 the grin slipped from aoibhe 's attractive features and she glanced over her shoulder . 
 the barest of shivers shook her lean form . 
 `` i 'll be damned before i collude with those monsters . 
 i was volunteering to do the torturing myself . '' 
 the prince indulged himself in a ghost of a smile . 
 `` i appreciate the gesture . '' 
 `` were they gathering intelligence ? '' 
 he gestured to the corpses on the ground and pointed to the roof . 
 `` ten armed men , fixed on a single target ? 
 no . 
 they were would-be assassins . '' 
 aoibhe shook her head , regarding the bloodied scene with new eyes . 
 `` i 'm surprised they sent so few . '' 
 the prince straightened . 
 `` there may be more . 
 summon gregor and pierre . 
 instruct them to record images of the faces before they burn the bodies , and turn the information over to niccolo . 
 perhaps the intelligence network can discover their identities . '' 
 she bowed . 
 `` yes , my lord . '' 
 `` i will notify christopher of the breach personally . 
 prepare for a consilium meeting . '' 
 `` as you wish , but is a meeting necessary ? 
 they 're already dead . '' 
 he fixed her with a stony glare . 
 `` they invaded my principality . '' 
 `` are we under siege ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going to wait in order to find out . 
 tonight , the consilium meets to discuss the art of war . '' 
 his lips twitched . 
 `` i 'm sure niccolo will find the discussion most familiar . '' 
 aoibhe huffed . 
 `` that pompous windbag enjoys hearing himself talk . '' 
 `` true . 
 it 's been a long time since we 've had a war . 
 it will be good for the younglings , and since i intend to be victorious , it will be good for the principality . '' 
 the prince lifted his chin . 
 `` go , aoibhe . 
 make haste . '' 
 she bowed once again . 
 but before she departed , she approached him , cautiously . 
 she reached out to touch his sleeve , but catching the set of his teeth and the glare from his eyes , she withdrew . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're still alive , '' she whispered , her eyes darkening momentarily . 
 the prince nodded tersely . 
 with a small smile , she turned and scaled the hotel , before disappearing on the roof . 
 as the prince adjusted his cuff links and surveyed the carnage at his feet , all thoughts of the emersons and his precious illustrations were pushed aside . 
 personal injury was one thing , but an invasion of his principality was quite another . 
 the professor and his ill wife could wait . 
 his mind was fixated on a far more political revenge . 
 chapter 6 `` this meeting of the consilium will come to order . '' 
 lorenzo , the prince 's second in command , slammed the bottom of the ceremonial staff on the stone floor , the sound echoing throughout the large subterranean chamber . 
 there was no electricity in the florentine underworld , including the chamber that was at its center . 
 the space was illuminated by torches that hung from large iron sconces on the walls and tall pillar candles atop heavy wrought iron candelabras that were six feet in height . 
 in the principality of florence , there was but one ruler . 
 a few centuries earlier , however , the prince had established a council of six members that oversaw various affairs of state . 
 -lrb- not that he trusted them -rrb- . 
 the consilium , which included lorenzo and aoibhe , had been summoned a few hours before dawn . 
 they sat in tall wooden chairs that were upholstered in red velvet , waiting for the prince . 
 when he entered the room , they stood . 
 he strode down the central aisle , his black cloak streaming behind him . 
 the council members bowed their respect as he approached . 
 the prince of florence was both respected and feared . 
 he was respected because under his rule citizens enjoyed prosperity , peace , and an excellent lifestyle . 
 he was feared because he was powerful , he was dangerous , and he would do anything to preserve his rule of the city . 
 he 'd ruled the city for centuries and had learned over time not to trust anyone , not even lorenzo , his lieutenant . 
 the principality of florence was a prize and almost every citizen nursed a secret desire to rule it . 
 now he 'd been the target of an assassination attempt by a foreign power . 
 although the leader of the invaders had named venice as his principality , the prince believed there were traitors amongst his citizens who 'd colluded with the enemy . 
 he wore a thunderous expression as he ascended the platform and sat on a gold throne between the two candelabras . 
 `` there has been a serious breach of security . 
 christopher of canterbury , security is your responsibility . 
 what have you to say ? '' 
 the prince addressed the consilium in italian , as was the custom . 
 an englishman with brown hair and brown eyes approached the throne , his shoulders and body tense . 
 he genuflected . 
 `` i apologize , my lord . 
 but when you learn of the circumstances , i think you 'll agree our patrols behaved valiantly . '' 
 the prince regarded him in stony silence . 
 christopher cleared his throat . 
 `` a force attacked one of our patrols to the east . 
 even though they were outnumbered , they fought bravely , eliminating half a dozen attackers . 
 unfortunately , the patrol was wiped out before they could raise the alarm . 
 `` another patrol came upon the scene shortly thereafter . 
 we alerted the citizens , assembled a small force , and were in the process of tracking the invaders when they set upon you . '' 
 christopher bowed again , fighting his amusement . 
 `` forgive me , my lord . 
 it seems you are not the worse for having dealt with the security breach singlehandedly . '' 
 if christopher thought that his age or record of service to the prince entitled him to make light of the assassination attempt , he was sorely mistaken . 
 the prince growled . 
 `` what about the perimeter ? 
 the security cameras and alarms ? '' 
 christopher hesitated . 
 `` there 's a narrow corridor on the east side of the perimeter that is n't covered by sensors . 
 the invaders crossed into our territory at that point . '' 
 `` why was n't i made aware of this ? '' 
 the prince 's voice dropped to just above a whisper . 
 christopher 's bravado disappeared . 
 `` my lord , the corridor is barely the breadth of a man 's shoulders . 
 the invaders would have had to know exactly where it was and entered single file . '' 
 `` explain to me how someone outside this principality knew about it . '' 
 christopher shifted his weight . 
 `` it appears someone must have told them . '' 
 the prince regarded his head of security for a moment , his face severe . 
 christopher lowered his eyes to the floor , as if by doing so , he could escape his ruler 's wrath . 
 at length , the prince spoke . 
 `` how many men entered the city ? '' 
 `` fourteen , my lord . 
 there was no other breach . '' 
 `` i was accosted by ten . '' 
 christopher nodded uncomfortably . 
 `` must i pull this information from you ? 
 where 's the remaining four ? '' 
 the prince demanded . 
 `` they separated from the others when they approached the city center , probably with the intention of flanking you . 
 our trackers caught up with them and were able to fell three . '' 
 the prince paused and the silence in the council chamber grew very loud . 
 `` it appears you 've lost one . '' 
 christopher began speaking very quickly . 
 `` we are using every tool available in order to find him . 
 i promise , my prince , i - '' but the prince had heard enough . 
 he stood and removed his cloak , folding it neatly over one of the armrests of his throne . 
 then he faced his head of security . 
 `` christopher of canterbury , you have been tasked with ensuring the security of the principality . 
 a gap in the perimeter was revealed to our enemies and exploited . 
 this gap was something you were aware of but made no effort to close . 
 `` you allowed an invading force to enter the city and attack me . 
 further , you allowed one of those invaders to escape . 
 he could be anywhere , planning an attack or acts of sabotage . 
 he 's probably sending intelligence to our enemies . 
 `` you failed in your duties . 
 your failure has also exposed a related breach of security , since it appears you or someone under your supervision has sold principality secrets . 
 `` i find you guilty of treason . 
 kneel . '' 
 christopher retreated two steps , his lips curling into a snarl . 
 `` i 've served you faithfully for two hundred years . '' 
 the prince did n't even blink . 
 he stood , expression carefully controlled , waiting for his command to be obeyed . 
 christopher tried to make eye contact with his colleagues , searching desperately for an ally . 
 `` will no one rise to my defense ? '' 
 the council members maintained their silence , avoiding his eyes and keeping their gazes fixed on the prince . 
 christopher approached the only female council member . 
 `` aoibhe , will you not come to my aid ? 
 we 're almost kinsmen . '' 
 her dark eyes flashed and her pretty face morphed into a sneer . 
 `` i 'm irish , you dog . 
 you 're no kinsman of mine . '' 
 as if to punctuate her hatred -lrb- or her loyalty to the prince -rrb- , she spat at christopher 's feet . 
 he stepped back in surprise . 
 when he 'd recovered , he moved toward the council member seated to her left . 
 `` niccolo ? '' 
 the florentine shook his head . 
 `` to quote someone wise , ` if a man is to be punished , it should be severe enough that his vengeance need not be feared . ' '' 
 christopher muttered something pejorative beneath his breath . 
 he lifted his hands to the prince . 
 `` am i not to be afforded a trial ? '' 
 the ruler regarded him coolly . 
 `` i think you are confusing this principality with a democracy . 
 i am judge and jury here . 
 now kneel . '' 
 `` my lord , let me investigate . 
 let me find the invader . '' 
 the prince 's gray eyes moved to the two men sitting to his left . 
 `` maximilian , pierre . '' 
 the two councilmen moved forward but christopher continued to address the prince . 
 `` i served the principality and i did it well . 
 it was my idea to implement the security systems . 
 this , this is not justice . '' 
 the prince nodded at the men flanking the accused . 
 they were just about to physically restrain him , when he shoved pierre aside and sprinted toward the door . 
 with a speed that made him almost invisible , the prince overtook him , standing in front of the exit . 
 as christopher skidded to a stop , the prince lifted his hand . 
 `` without security , there is no principality . 
 so you are incorrect , christopher , as well as incompetent . 
 this is justice . '' 
 the prince pointed to the stone floor . 
 `` i wo n't ask you again . '' 
 `` mercy , '' christopher whispered . 
 `` i know no such word , '' the prince replied . 
 he took a moment to look over christopher 's shoulder at the remaining consilium members as if to ensure they were watching . 
 christopher opened his mouth , perhaps to protest , but the prince placed a hand on his shoulder , forcing him to his knees . 
 with a look of carefully controlled fury , he ripped his head from his body and threw it across the room before christopher could utter a single syllable . 
 the prince stepped over the body with an expression of distaste . 
 `` pierre , summon gregor to remove the refuse . '' 
 pierre bowed and scurried to the hall . 
 once the body and head had been disposed of and the blood had been cleaned from the stone floor , the consilium resumed their meeting . 
 the prince addressed his lieutenant from the throne . 
 `` lorenzo , please inform ibarra of the euskaldunuak that he is to be promoted to head of security and will now join the consilium . 
 i expect him to be briefed and ready to meet with me in two hours . 
 his first assignment will be to find out who sold the schematics from our security systems to the invaders . '' 
 the lieutenant bowed , his eyebrows knitting together . 
 `` as you wish , prince . 
 should i perhaps wait until the meeting is adjourned ? '' 
 `` no , i wish ibarra to be briefed immediately . '' 
 the prince 's tone held a warning against further protestations . 
 `` take care that no one other than he has any knowledge of the subject of this meeting . '' 
 if lorenzo was displeased , he hid his reaction masterfully , responding to the prince 's orders with a sweeping bow before withdrawing . 
 the remaining consilium members murmured amongst themselves , but they dared not say anything critical of the prince or his choice for christopher 's replacement . 
 aoibhe had smothered a smile at the mention of ibarra 's name , while maximilian scowled . 
 niccolo 's expression was , as usual , almost impossible to read . 
 the prince gestured for him to stand . 
 `` niccolo , was there any intelligence about an attack ? '' 
 `` no , my lord . 
 our relationship with the venetians has always been uneasy but there were no whispers of an attack by them or anyone else . 
 and we have spies inside their city . '' 
 `` task the spies with uncovering who ordered the incursion . 
 perhaps it was n't the venetians , after all . 
 were you able to identify any of the bodies ? '' 
 the prince 's tone was cautiously optimistic . 
 the prince knew , as did the others , that images of the members of their kind were exceedingly rare . 
 it was unlikely that the limited database maintained by the principality would contain images of the would-be assassins . 
 `` i 'm afraid we have n't been able to identify them , my lord . 
 but i should mention our spies provided images of marcus 's closest associates . 
 none of the men at the border or inside the city match those images . 
 however , we were able to uncover something else . '' 
 `` i hope this is good news , niccolo . '' 
 the head of intelligence reacted nervously to the prince 's tone . 
 `` potentially good news . 
 the swords the men were carrying are venetian-styled cross-hilted swords , common in the middle ages . 
 this is n't enough to prove the invaders came from venice , but it 's an interesting coincidence . '' 
 `` find out if something stronger than coincidence can be found . 
 i want the person or persons behind the attacks identified immediately . 
 `` you 'll be working in concert with our new head of security and with pierre 's human intelligence network . 
 i doubt they 'll contribute anything of use but one never knows . '' 
 niccolo genuflected . 
 `` of course , my lord . '' 
 the prince 's eyes shifted to the largest council member , a great , bearlike man with long hair , a full beard , and piercing blue eyes . 
 `` maximilian , see to it the dead patrol unit is replaced and work with ibarra to recruit new talent for the patrols . '' 
 `` yes , my lord . '' 
 the large man bowed , his italian heavy with a prussian accent . 
 `` now we must discuss our response to the incursion . '' 
 the consilium members exchanged glances . 
 the prince continued . 
 `` we were attacked , unprovoked . 
 they wiped out a patrol and crossed into our territory , possibly having bought the schematics for our security systems . 
 then they attempted to assassinate me . 
 each of these acts warrants a strong response . 
 `` we must prepare for war . '' 
 once again , the consilium members murmured amongst themselves . 
 the prince fixed his eyes on niccolo . 
 `` send word to venice through one of our spies that the mission was successful . 
 have the spy deliver one of the swords and say that the message is from vincenzo , which is the name of one of the invaders i killed . 
 leave the true nature of the mission unstated , even to the spy . '' 
 aoibhe reacted immediately . 
 `` with respect , my lord , you 'll be informing our enemy that you 're dead . '' 
 `` precisely . '' 
 the prince seemed unperturbed . 
 maximilian was the only council member who responded to the order with a smile . 
 niccolo 's face was grave . 
 `` my lord , even if the venetians were n't behind the attack , at the news of your death they 'll move to annex our territories . '' 
 the prince leaned forward from the throne . 
 `` if our spy does n't know the nature of the mission , he wo n't be able to offer it up under torture . 
 the venetians will only believe i 'm dead if they ordered the assassination . 
 `` if they did n't , the intelligence network needs to identify those behind the attack before there 's another incursion . '' 
 the prince gave niccolo a significant look . 
 niccolo 's body tightened and his gaze flickered in the direction of the place where his colleague had lost his head . 
 the prince surveyed the council members . 
 `` there is a foreigner hiding in our city . 
 it 's possible he 's already discovered his brethren failed in their mission and informed marcus of that fact . 
 let us hope that is not the case . '' 
 niccolo 's expression grew even more troubled . 
 `` my lord , if the venetians suspect your death , such news is bound to spread . 
 we 'll be inundated with incursions from neighboring principalities . '' 
 `` not if they think you have taken control of the principality and amassed a great army . '' 
 niccolo bowed very low , trying desperately to contain his enthusiasm . 
 `` it is too great an honor , even in jest . 
 what about lorenzo ? '' 
 `` i have other plans for lorenzo . '' 
 the prince placed his hands on the armrests of his throne . 
 `` but be warned , niccolo . 
 you will be prince in name only . 
 any attempt to seize power and you 'll find your head rolling across my floor . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 niccolo appeared duly chastened . 
 `` yes , my prince . 
 i am humbled by your confidence . '' 
 `` i 've always admired your intelligence , even when you were human . 
 our rivals know you by name and will fear you . 
 but i know you are prudent enough to play your role until it is finished without delusions of grandeur . 
 i 'd be sorry to be mistaken . '' 
 `` i swear continued allegiance to the principality and to its prince . '' 
 `` excellent . '' 
 the prince nodded , dismissing him . 
 `` until we find the remaining foreigner , no one must know i survived the assassination attempt . 
 no one beyond the consilium . '' 
 at this , he gave the other council members a significant look . 
 `` i 'll go into hiding while you , niccolo , appear to take control of the principality . 
 spread the news far and wide that your army is at the ready should anyone decide to attack us . '' 
 niccolo hesitated . 
 `` what of the roman , my lord ? 
 we 'd incur his wrath by instigating armed conflict in the region . 
 and he wo n't look on our deception kindly . '' 
 `` i shall send lorenzo to the roman immediately so that he may reveal our strategy . 
 it 's possible the roman will choose to intervene but i doubt it . 
 he 's content to let the principalities in his kingdom defend themselves . 
 that 's precisely what i 'm doing . '' 
 the prince turned his attention to the entire consilium . 
 `` while we wait to see how the venetians respond to our spy , we shall begin preparations for war . '' 
 `` what about allies , my lord ? '' 
 aoibhe rose to speak , bowing first . 
 `` what need have we of allies ? '' 
 maximilian interrupted , standing . 
 the prince ignored his interruption . 
 `` we do n't need allies to wage war against the prince of venice . 
 he 's arrogant and weak . 
 we 'll use cunning and our superior forces as our allies . '' 
 `` what if the venetians are n't the ones behind the attack ? '' 
 aoibhe pressed . 
 `` then our intelligence network and our new head of security need to make haste in discovering who is . 
 or there will be a need for new consilium members . '' 
 the prince 's tone was harsh . 
 the consilium members stood and bowed as the prince strode down the aisle and out the double doors to the hall . 
 but as soon as he was gone , they gathered in a small circle and began whispering . 
 chapter 7 `` how does it feel to be dead , my lord ? '' 
 aoibhe addressed him in english as she entered his private rooms near the council chamber . 
 he was seated in a tall wingbacked chair , perusing a leather-bound volume of machiavelli and listening to medieval music , which he found soothing . 
 `` a better question would be how does it feel to be dead again ? '' 
 aoibhe laughed . 
 `` there are many kinds of death . 
 the littlest of them is my favorite . '' 
 she gave him a heated look . 
 he lifted his eyebrows but said nothing . 
 `` i see you have yet to go into hiding . '' 
 she regarded his lavishly decorated apartment with appreciation . 
 `` i wished to retrieve a few items . '' 
 he pointed to some books and a couple of manuscripts that he 'd placed on a nearby table . 
 `` when was the last time you fed , my lord ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i have procured sustenance for you . 
 someone lovely . '' 
 `` this is irregular . '' 
 the prince 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` to what do i owe your generosity ? '' 
 `` i 'm glad you 're still alive . '' 
 the prince took a moment to examine her features . 
 she was beautiful and strong and very , very ambitious . 
 he wondered if she resented niccolo 's elevation . 
 at the moment it seemed clear she wanted something ; he simply was n't able to discern what it was . 
 `` thank you , aoibhe , but i 've a war to plan . '' 
 she gestured to the book he held in his hand . 
 `` as you said , niccolo is the master of the art of war . 
 and besides , you 're dead . '' 
 the prince huffed impatiently . 
 `` what do you want , aoibhe ? '' 
 she moved to stand before him . 
 `` i want to give you a gift . 
 and i want to lie with you after you 've fed . '' 
 she placed her hand on his sleeve . 
 his gaze moved to her hand . 
 `` we have n't coupled in some time . 
 why the sudden interest ? '' 
 `` not sudden , my lord . 
 you know you 're my favorite . 
 i am always available for your pleasure . '' 
 she leaned closer . 
 when he did n't move , she pressed her lips to his . 
 `` she 's fresh and young and ready to be plucked . '' 
 he smiled wryly . 
 `` is that what they 're calling it these days ? 
 plucking ? '' 
 `` i believe the younglings use another word that rhymes with that one . 
 i 'm surprised you 've not heard it . '' 
 she bowed and disappeared through the door , closing it carefully behind her . 
 when she returned , a young human woman was with her , her fragrance light and sweet . 
 she was clad in a summer blouse and skirt and was blindfolded . 
 from her movements and the way aoibhe murmured in her ear , the prince divined that she was under mind control . 
 he closed his eyes and inhaled . 
 `` a virgin ? 
 i did n't think there were any left in florence . '' 
 he gazed skeptically at aoibhe . 
 `` it appears you were wrong . 
 she walked into teatro of her own free will . '' 
 `` how old is she ? '' 
 `` she is of age , my lord , as you can see . '' 
 aoibhe 's dark eyes were shining . 
 `` i have n't forgotten your prohibitions . '' 
 the prince took a moment to examine the young woman in the flickering candlelight . 
 her hair appeared silky and fell to her shoulders in honey-colored waves . 
 she had perfect , olive-colored skin and her figure , although slight , was decidedly feminine . 
 she smelled delicious . 
 his eyes moved from the woman to aoibhe . 
 he could feed from the girl , perhaps even delighting himself by fornicating with her . 
 then he could couple with aoibhe for the rest of the day . 
 sex between members of their kind was also explosive and it had been some time since he 'd ... he found his thoughts reverting to the emersons and the passionate , affectionate encounter he 'd witnessed at the uffizi . 
 he remembered julianne 's face and her happy laughter . 
 the green specter of jealousy reared its ugly head . 
 he regarded the young woman , noting her vacant expression and unsmiling mouth . 
 suddenly , aoibhe 's virgin lost her luster . 
 `` your offer is generous but i must decline . '' 
 `` we could feed from her together . 
 or you could watch . '' 
 aoibhe stroked the young woman 's cheek before leaning forward to kiss her . 
 the prince observed the two females embrace with undisguised fascination , but his mind was already made up . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` i 'm in no mood for diversions . 
 someone sold secrets to our enemies and colluded with those enemies to have me killed . '' 
 aoibhe pecked the girl on the lips before wrapping her arm around her waist and moving the girl 's head to lean on her shoulder . 
 `` that is precisely why you need a diversion . 
 you need to clear your mind by nourishing your body and finding release . '' 
 `` soon , perhaps . '' 
 his eyes searched hers . 
 `` but not now . '' 
 `` see how pretty she is . 
 how inviting . '' 
 aoibhe began to undo the buttons of the woman 's blouse , exposing her breasts . 
 `` she is wholly unspoiled . '' 
 the prince was treated to a view of the woman 's perfect chest before aoibhe embraced her once again , kissing her neck . 
 inexplicably , his anger flared . 
 `` i said that 's enough , '' the prince snarled . 
 `` ply your seductive wiles elsewhere . 
 i 'm in no mood for them this evening . '' 
 aoibhe froze , eyes wide , as if his reaction truly surprised her . 
 `` as you wish , my lord . '' 
 she bowed meekly and redressed the woman . 
 `` we 'll be retiring to my home , should you change your mind . '' 
 the prince answered with a growl and aoibhe pulled her young charge through the door , closing it quickly behind them . 
 with a string of latin curses , the prince threw the book he was holding across the room . 
 chapter 8 `` i think this is the most comfortable bed in the world . '' 
 julianne sighed as she looked up at the stars . 
 it was the evening after the exhibition opening at the uffizi . 
 she and her husband were reclined on a large , square banquette situated on the terrace outside their hotel room . 
 `` i think the bed in there is much more comfortable . '' 
 the professor gestured through the open doors that led to their suite , before rolling to his side . 
 he rested his hand on his wife 's lower abdomen . 
 `` we 're exposed out here . '' 
 she turned her head to meet his gaze . 
 `` exposed ? 
 that never bothered you before . 
 we 've made love out here more than once . '' 
 gabriel 's reaction was veiled . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she placed her hand over his and pressed . 
 he looked at the sky and took a moment to survey their surroundings , pausing as his eyes were drawn in the direction of the roof . 
 `` there 's something in the air . 
 i do n't know . 
 something-unsettling . '' 
 julianne laughed and rolled into him , bringing their bodies together . 
 `` it 's going to rain . 
 you can feel it , that 's all . '' 
 gabriel shook his head . 
 once again his gaze traveled to the roof . 
 from his vantage point , he could n't see atop it . 
 -lrb- even if he could , the vestiges of the attempted assassination had been washed away . -rrb- 
 `` do you think that you can feel darkness ? '' 
 julianne 's delicate eyebrows arched . 
 `` me , specifically ? 
 or people in general ? '' 
 his sapphire eyes met hers . 
 `` either . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 by the time i felt darkness in the past , something bad had already happened . '' 
 gabriel muttered a curse and drew her tightly in his arms . 
 `` darling . '' 
 she lifted a hand to his face . 
 `` i know that something is troubling you . 
 it 's been troubling you since we were in umbria . 
 but you ca n't give in to the darkness . 
 you have to rage against it . '' 
 he gave her a half smile . 
 `` an oblique allusion to dylan thomas . '' 
 `` which you identified easily , professor . '' 
 she stroked the stubble on his chin . 
 `` there 's something unsettling ... '' he repeated , his voice trailing off . 
 `` then let me settle you . 
 we have this terrace all to ourselves and this beautiful , comfortable bed . '' 
 she kissed him temptingly , teasing him with her tongue . 
 `` make love to me beneath the stars , gabriel , '' she whispered . 
 he pushed a lock of hair away from her face . 
 `` i would give you anything , just to make you smile . 
 but tonight , let me love you indoors . '' 
 she opened her mouth to protest , but he continued , his sapphire eyes serious . 
 `` please . '' 
 she kissed him once again and took his hand , leading him through the terrace doors and into the bedroom . 
 gabriel locked the doors behind them and pulled the curtains , proceeding to light candles around the room . 
 julia retreated to one of the bathrooms in order to slip into something seductive . 
 they did n't always have music playing in the background when they made love . 
 many of their couplings were spontaneous . 
 but on this night , gabriel chose to play the series of songs they 'd listened to the first time they 'd visited florence together , when she 'd given her virginity to him . 
 julia heard the gentle voice of matthew barber fill the air as she admired herself in the mirror . 
 she 'd chosen a long nightgown in black silk . 
 the gown had a slit on one side , which exposed a shapely leg , and she 'd added thigh-high sheer black stockings . 
 because her husband had a thing for her in high heels , she slipped into a pair of black patent stilettos before she exited the bathroom . 
 her husband was reclining on the bed , shirtless , clad only in his favorite pair of worn , faded jeans . 
 she took a moment to admire his athletic form , the definition of his pectoral and abdominal muscles , the light dusting of hair on his chest , and the muscles of his biceps that flexed as he sat up . 
 `` here is an angel , fallen to earth , '' he whispered , his blue eyes alight with erotic fire . 
 his gaze traveled from her eyes to her hair and down the length of her body , pausing to admire her legs and stockings before coming to rest on her shoes . 
 he licked his perfect lips . 
 she pushed her hair behind her ears . 
 `` i went shopping . 
 do you like it ? '' 
 gabriel 's eyes blazed as he stood . 
 he strode toward her and placed his hands on either side of her face , bringing their lips together in a searing kiss . 
 `` like is not the appropriate word . '' 
 he dropped to his knees in front of her , cupping her backside with his hands . 
 he pulled her toward his mouth , pressing a kiss to the place where her navel lay hidden beneath the black silk . 
 `` you 're breathtaking , '' he murmured , looking up at her . 
 `` but i 'm looking forward to peeling you out of this . '' 
 she ran her fingers through his dark , tousled hair , pausing to kiss his forehead . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i love you , too , mrs. emerson . '' 
 he touched her ankle before sliding his hand all the way to the top of her stockings . 
 he traced the lace before pulling the thigh-high down achingly slowly . 
 once he 'd removed it , he replaced her shoe on her foot . 
 while he was repeating the same movements on her other leg , she rested her hand on his shoulder . 
 `` a bit off balance ? '' 
 he winked . 
 she floated her hand across his jaw . 
 `` in some cultures , you 'd be worshipped . 
 instead , you 're my husband and you 're kneeling at my feet . '' 
 he paused his movements and glanced down at the ring on his left hand . 
 he lifted it , watching in silent fascination as the candlelight shone over the smooth platinum . 
 `` i long to worship you . '' 
 she lifted his hand and kissed the place where the ring lay . 
 `` i long to be worshipped by you . '' 
 in a flash , he was on his feet and she was in his arms , their mouths fused . 
 he kissed her deeply , picking her up and carrying her to the bed . 
 there were no more words as he divested her of her nightgown and the thin scrap of lace that purported to be underwear . 
 he kissed his way from the tops of her inner thighs all the way down to her high heels . 
 then he , too , was naked and their bodies were tangling together in the center of the spacious white bed . 
 he pressed his hand to her hip as he adored her neck , kissing and tasting her smooth and perfect skin . 
 she reached for his backside , urging him forward and he complied , entering her swiftly . 
 she cried out immediately , in pain . 
 `` julianne ? '' 
 he lifted himself on one arm . 
 she was grimacing , eyes screwed shut . 
 he withdrew from her immediately , panic washing over him . 
 `` what happened ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 she inhaled a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 something was off . '' 
 his dark eyebrows knitted together . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she pressed her hand on her lower abdomen , testing the area . 
 he sat back on his knees , watching her . 
 `` i thought you were ready . 
 forgive me . '' 
 she smiled at him wanly . 
 `` there 's nothing to forgive . 
 i invited you inside . 
 i 'm not sure what happened . '' 
 gabriel moved beside her , tugging her into his arms , his body tense . 
 he pressed a kiss to her forehead and closed his eyes as his head rested back on the pillow . 
 his face was pained . 
 she reached for his hand , interlacing their fingers . 
 `` it must have been the angle . 
 we can continue . '' 
 his jaw clenched and he shook his head . 
 julianne brought their conjoined hands between her legs and encouraged him to touch her . 
 after a moment , gabriel began to stroke her with a single finger . 
 her body was still responsive , but he took extra care arousing and opening her . 
 she placed her arms around him and pulled him atop her . 
 when she urged him forward once again he eased inside her , watching her face for any signs of discomfort . 
 `` better ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` a little . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 he placed his hand on her hip , his eyes burning into hers . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 when she opened them , she smiled and the smile was genuine . 
 `` it 's gone . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 his expression darkened . 
 `` something is wrong . '' 
 `` it was just the angle . 
 it feels good now . '' 
 to prove her point , she flexed her interior muscles , tightening around him . 
 a groan escaped his lips . 
 `` you 've never had pain during sex . '' 
 he placed his hand on the pillow beside her head and lowered his forehead to touch hers . 
 `` you need to see a doctor . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 her brown eyes flashed . 
 she pressed on his shoulders until their bodies were flush . 
 she lifted her hips , provoking him . 
 gabriel began to move , his focus and attention solely on pleasing her . 
 they loved at a gentle pace until their desire for one another grew desperate . 
 gabriel thrust inside her more deeply and julia encouraged him , gripping his backside and whispering in his ear . 
 suddenly , she was fluttering around him and gasping in the candlelit darkness . 
 a few more movements and he too was overcome . 
 she welcomed his weight on top of her body , sighing into the hollow of his throat . 
 `` nothing feels as good as this . '' 
 she kissed his neck . 
 `` this is my glimpse of transcendence . '' 
 gabriel embraced her tightly , unable to find the words to respond . 
 later , while she slept on his chest , he whispered a prayer in the darkness , asking god to protect his precious beatrice and keep her healthy and safe from harm . 
 chapter 9 `` i have news , my lord . '' 
 niccolo entered the prince 's private quarters in the palazzo riccardi a week after the assassination attempt . 
 unlike his villa , the palazzo was located a short walk from the duomo in central florence and was not warded which meant that others of his kind could enter the building . 
 he 'd chosen to stay here rather than at the villa , so he could meet with consilium members personally and monitor the war movement . 
 the prince sat at his desk , reading . 
 he gestured for his head of intelligence to be seated . 
 `` proceed . '' 
 `` we 've just received an urgent message from our agents in venice . 
 our spy was able to secure an audience with prince marcus and deliver the message and the sword , as you instructed . 
 marcus immediately informed his inner circle you were dead . '' 
 `` so it was venice . '' 
 `` yes , my lord . 
 it seems marcus was behind the assassination attempt personally . '' 
 the prince 's gray eyes glinted . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` one of marcus 's advisors questioned our agent , wondering why vincenzo had n't delivered the message in person . 
 the spy answered as you 'd instructed and marcus was satisfied . 
 it would seem the prince of venice is hasty in accepting news that is pleasing to his ears . '' 
 `` so it would seem . '' 
 the prince stroked his chin thoughtfully . 
 `` how much time do we have before they attack ? '' 
 `` it 's unclear . 
 our agents report that marcus is keeping the news of your death quiet . 
 he does n't want to compete with other principalities for your territory . '' 
 `` a wise move . 
 did our agents in venice provide any information about possible spies here in florence ? '' 
 `` according to our agents , venice has been unable to plant spies in our principality . '' 
 `` they do n't need to . 
 one of our own sold the schematics of our security system to marcus . 
 i want the traitor found , niccolo . '' 
 the prince 's tone was threatening . 
 `` of course , my prince . 
 ibarra narrowed the list of suspects to christopher and a few of his top people . 
 no one else had access to the schematics . '' 
 `` i believe he mentioned that in his report . 
 but i want you to perform your own investigation . 
 keep it secret from everyone , except me . '' 
 niccolo bobbed his head . 
 `` i should mention it was confirmed that marcus sent twenty men to assassinate you . 
 which means there is one invader unaccounted for , as christopher said . '' 
 the prince gazed at his head of intelligence with a harsh expression . 
 `` i want him found . 
 immediately . '' 
 `` yes , my lord . 
 although it 's not my place to say , i believe ibarra has located the invader and will present you with him shortly . '' 
 `` for ibarra 's sake , i hope that 's true . 
 what news have we from rome ? '' 
 `` none as yet . 
 lorenzo took a courier with him , but neither have returned . '' 
 the prince tapped his fingers on his desk . 
 `` i 'm hesitant to do anything further without the roman 's knowledge . '' 
 `` we could empower our spies to deal with prince marcus directly . 
 his successor would likely be wiser than he and know better than to wage war against us . 
 we could exact tribute from him . '' 
 the prince considered this possibility , albeit briefly . 
 `` an assassination is too good for marcus . 
 i want to stand in that palace of his with my boot on his neck and force him to surrender . '' 
 `` then , in my opinion , we are better situated to take a defensive position against venice . 
 our allies stand between the two cities , and unless he persuades them to change allegiance , he wo n't have their permission to march through their territories . 
 this means he 'll have to travel by sea . '' 
 `` that was my thought as well , niccolo . '' 
 the prince rose and retrieved a gold signet ring from a cabinet that stood nearby . 
 he held it up so niccolo could see the lily of florence that was carved into the gold . 
 `` prepare letters to the allies who reside between us and venice , informing them one of our neighbors to the north may decide to march against us . 
 explain that you 're writing on behalf of the principality , but make no mention of me or of your new title . 
 request that they deny travel rights to our enemies and hold strong to our alliance . 
 tell them they will be rewarded . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 niccolo reached for the signet ring , but the prince palmed it . 
 `` i will affix the seal to the letters . 
 bring them to me when they 're ready . '' 
 niccolo 's dark eyes fixed on the prince 's hand , undisguised longing stealing over his expression , but only for an instant . 
 his expression did not go unnoticed . 
 he bowed low . 
 `` i am eager to serve in all things , my prince . '' 
 chapter 10 in order to maintain the charade that he 'd been assassinated , the true prince of florence remained hidden in the palazzo riccardi . 
 from here , he oversaw the training and mobilization of the army and all tactical decisions , through trusted intermediaries . 
 he could n't venture outdoors in order to feed and so he had to rely on the stores of his private cellar . 
 moreover , he could n't leave the palazzo to wander the streets of florence for fear someone would pick up his scent . 
 he 'd taken measures to ensure niccolo and the other consilium members did not attempt a coup d'etat by tasking gregor , his assistant , to watch them closely . 
 theodore , one of his servants , was ordered to monitor the comings and goings of the emersons and to keep tabs on the illustrations that were on display at the uffizi . 
 although the prince was not in the position to deal with the emersons , he intended to do so before they left the city . 
 a few nights before the emersons were scheduled to check out of their hotel , the prince grew restless . 
 he 'd been confined to his quarters for days with limited entertainment . 
 -lrb- the prince took no interest in television or the internet . -rrb- 
 in a move calculated to conceal his identity from any of his kind whom he might happen upon , he clothed himself in the stolen habit of a franciscan -lrb- minus the cross -rrb- . 
 he pulled the hood over his head , shading his face , and , as was the local custom with the franciscans , he wore sandals . 
 for more than one reason , the prince found his choice of garment humorous . 
 to complete the deception , he took a vintage from his private cellar and doused a piece of cloth with it . 
 then he pinned the cloth to the inside of his robes , with the hope of confusing anyone who came near enough to scent him . 
 of course , the prince had no intention of allowing any of his kind to come that close . 
 after sunset , he left the safety of the palazzo through the back door , walking slowly and humanly down the street and toward gallery hotel art . 
 he was fortunate that the emersons were just exiting the hotel as he arrived . 
 he followed them to dinner at a romantic restaurant overlooking the arno river , and afterward through the narrow streets that led to the piazza della signoria , finally pausing near the loggia dei lanzi as they sat down to observe the city after dark . 
 the prince was almost puzzled by their choice , since he preferred to view the city from great heights , such as from the top of brunelleschi 's dome . 
 it would seem the emersons preferred to be much closer to their fellow humans -lrb- and the ground -rrb- than he . 
 `` i think if we sat here long enough , the whole world would walk by . '' 
 julianne 's wistful voice rose to the prince 's ears as she rested her head on her husband 's shoulder . 
 tourists and locals milled about the piazza or enjoyed a drink at one of the cafes . 
 nearby , a string quartet played verdi , filling the square with a beautiful melancholy . 
 julianne seemed to watch in fascination as street vendors launched glowing cylinders into the air , the toys sparkling like firecrackers against the ink-black sky . 
 but always , the objects fell to the ground , their brief foray into the heavens ended by gravity . 
 the prince saw a strange sadness creep over her pretty features and he heard her murmur , `` we try to touch the stars , but we always fall back to earth . '' 
 gabriel drew her closer , wrapping his arm around her waist . 
 `` that 's true , but it is n't like you to despair . '' 
 `` i 'm not in despair . 
 i just do n't want to go home . '' 
 `` i do n't want to go home either , but summer has to end eventually . '' 
 gabriel brushed a light kiss against her hair before pulling her to her feet . 
 as the music continued , he walked her to the center of the piazza . 
 then he took her in his arms and began to sway to the music . 
 she closed her eyes , floating over the stones beneath their feet as he expertly moved them . 
 sudden feelings of both anger and pity bubbled up inside the prince . 
 he felt anger toward the professor , who clearly had a wife he did n't deserve , and pity for julianne , who probably was suffering because of her illness . 
 from his vantage point , he was no longer close enough to examine their scents or hear their words as they continued dancing . 
 he could see the professor tighten his grip on his wife 's waist , his brow wrinkled as if in apology . 
 his words were whispered . 
 julianne opened her eyes and whispered back . 
 frustrated , the prince threw caution to the wind and approached them , entering the piazza . 
 he threaded himself through the crowd until he was close enough to discern the professor 's voice . 
 `` i promise i 'll make it up to you . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to make up to me , '' julianne replied . 
 `` i 'm just happy you brought me here . '' 
 `` i 'm the reason you 're constantly falling back to earth . '' 
 gabriel 's expression was earnest and searching . 
 `` i drag you from the stars-from where you belong . '' 
 she gave him a sad smile . 
 `` it 's the human condition . 
 we 're bound to fall . '' 
 he stopped dancing , his eyes boring into hers . 
 `` you should never have to fall , julianne . '' 
 the prince observed the tender exchange with creeping resentment , turning on his heel when the professor began to kiss his wife in full view of everyone . 
 the prince had looked for signs of duplicity in the professor 's words and deeds . 
 he 'd even gone so far as to have pierre ask the human intelligence network to discover if the professor had a mistress stashed away somewhere . 
 but he 'd discovered gabriel emerson loved his wife a great deal and was faithful to her . 
 at least the professor was aware of the disparity between his vices and julianne 's virtues , despite his arrogance and pride . 
 when the last strains of verdi faded into the summer air , the emersons returned to the loggia , sitting side by side on the stone bench . 
 now the prince could both see and hear them clearly . 
 gabriel 's fingers traced the folds of his wife 's silk dress in a motion the prince found both inappropriate and erotic . 
 once again , he found he could not look away . 
 `` i wish i could sit in this piazza forever . '' 
 julianne gazed at the elaborate fountain nearby , and the elderly couple who were standing next to it , holding hands . 
 gabriel followed her gaze , the edges of his lips turning up . 
 `` if you remained in this piazza , you 'd be cold when winter comes . '' 
 `` not if i had you to warm me . '' 
 a smile pulled at his mouth . 
 `` i 'm glad you find me useful , if only as a warming device . '' 
 `` you 're also an excellent tour guide . '' 
 he tapped his chin . 
 `` another way in which i 'm useful . '' 
 `` and since your italian is better than mine , you 're an effective translator . '' 
 he brought his mouth to within inches of hers . 
 `` shall i translate my favorite words ? 
 labbra ? 
 lingua ? 
 seno ? '' 
 the prince contemplated revealing himself , if only to end the inane commentary he was being forced to witness . 
 gabriel gave his wife a heated look . 
 `` you 've forgotten the most important way in which i 'm useful . '' 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` as your lover . '' 
 he nipped at her finger slightly , before drawing it into his mouth . 
 he toyed with her for a moment , laving her skin with his tongue , before releasing her . 
 `` i 'm afraid that if you persist in staying in this piazza , my capacity as a lover will be sorely diminished . '' 
 `` diminished ? '' 
 `` for example , i could n't possibly do this in a piazza . '' 
 he brought their lips together . 
 julia hummed her appreciation and gabriel deepened their connection , his tongue stroking hers . 
 the prince turned away as the professor 's hands moved to his wife 's face , their eyes closed in bliss . 
 there had been a time when he 'd tasted such bliss and almost possessed it , but god or fate had conspired against him . 
 his desire to love and connect with another person died when he ceased to be human . 
 as he counted the stars in the sky in an effort to occupy his time while the couple kissed leisurely , he wondered why he 'd risked the security of his beloved principality in order to spy on a ridiculous pair of lovers . 
 `` and i could n't possibly do this . '' 
 gabriel spoke against his wife 's mouth as his thumb glided down the side of her breast . 
 she shivered . 
 `` or this . '' 
 his hand slid over the curve of her waist and around to her lower back . 
 he ran a single finger just above the waistband of her panties , almost as if he were contemplating their removal . 
 `` or this . '' 
 his eyes suddenly alight , he covered her bare knee with his palm before coaxing her legs to part . 
 `` move your hand any higher and we 're going to get arrested , '' she whispered . 
 yes , please get arrested , thought the prince . 
 anything to end this sickening display . 
 the professor 's eyes appeared to darken . 
 `` it will be worth it . '' 
 she placed her hand over his , stopping the slow , teasing ascent . 
 `` i think we 've been the subject of enough scandals , professor . '' 
 `` then you 're going to have to leave this piazza before i slip my hand under your dress and show you what comes next . '' 
 she cocked her head to one side . 
 `` where would we go ? '' 
 `` i know a much quieter piazza nearby . '' 
 she stifled a laugh . 
 `` is that the best you can do ? '' 
 `` there 's always the hotel . 
 i have a beautiful room . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 he lifted her hand and pressed a kiss to her palm . 
 `` it is n't as beautiful as you , of course , but it is n't entirely unfortunate . '' 
 she lowered her eyes and blushed . 
 the prince merely scowled beneath his hood , willing the emersons to stand up and leave already . 
 the professor squeezed julianne 's hand . 
 `` nothing compares to your beauty , not even this city . 
 florence has exceptional architecture and art but brunelleschi 's dome lacks your compassion . 
 and no painting in the uffizi could ever capture the beauty and warmth of your love . '' 
 the prince had had enough . 
 the maddening , overly sweet exchange had almost propelled him to take off his franciscan robes and confront the emersons , if only to silence them . 
 then he heard the sound of julianne 's laughter . 
 the happy sound stopped him in his tracks . 
 `` are you flirting with me , professor ? '' 
 `` this is n't flirtation , julianne . 
 this is seduction . 
 and i wo n't rest until i enjoy the wonder that is your body , lying underneath me again . '' 
 he kissed the shell of her ear , before moving down to the side of her neck . 
 he pressed unhurried kisses against her skin , brushing against her collarbone . 
 `` this is just the beginning , '' he whispered , his hand caressing her side . 
 `` think of the delights that await you . '' 
 she hummed softly . 
 `` i 'd like to hear more about that . '' 
 he stood , holding out his hand . 
 `` i 'll do more than tell you . 
 but i 'm afraid you 'll have to leave this piazza . '' 
 julia glanced over his shoulder at the fountain . 
 she sighed . 
 `` it 's hard for me to leave . '' 
 `` but we 'll be together . '' 
 he tugged her into his arms . 
 `` tonight i 'll help you touch the stars . 
 and when you fall back to earth , i promise to catch you . '' 
 she looked up him , at his tender , intense expression , and lightly cupped his angular jaw . 
 `` what about you , gabriel ? 
 do n't you want to touch the stars ? '' 
 he smiled his slow , sweet smile . 
 `` you 're the only star in my sky . '' 
 she kissed him fiercely , before taking his hand and walking hurriedly in the direction of their hotel . 
 the prince did not follow . 
 he 'd enjoyed enough insipid conversation and public petting for the evening . 
 satisfied that the emersons had returned to their penthouse , he melted into the shadows . 
 he hoped his foray into the city had gone unnoticed and put from his mind all thought of happiness . 
 chapter 11 ibarra of the basques was tall , dark , and intelligent . 
 he 'd lived in florence for over a century and was proud of his recent ascent to the consilium . 
 it was an honor to be so elevated within the principality . 
 but ibarra knew , as did his fellow citizens , that consilium members who failed in their responsibilities were either banished or executed . 
 banishments were extremely rare . 
 well aware of the history of florence 's underworld , -lrb- a subject he 'd studied since his arrival -rrb- , ibarra was conscious of his responsibility as head of security . 
 he wanted to prove himself to the consilium and to the prince . 
 -lrb- he also had a fondness for his head and would sorely hate to lose it . -rrb- 
 and that is why ibarra stood in an empty apartment overlooking the ponte santa trinita hour after hour , his gaze fixed on the arno river . 
 he 'd persuaded the prince to allow him to track the remaining attempted assassin personally and had spent days and nights doing just that , only to discover that the venetian had evaded capture by hiding in the arno . 
 it was a clever ruse . 
 water masked the stranger 's scent . 
 the river , although shallow , provided adequate protection from the sun during the day . 
 there was the small matter of oxygen , but their kind barely needed to breathe . 
 ibarra surmised the venetian was able to surface beneath the shade of the bridge during the day and draw air before sinking to the bottom once again . 
 but no more . 
 the new head of security had found him and was waiting patiently for him to come out . 
 just as the last rays of the setting sun faded from the city , he did just that . 
 ibarra watched as a man dressed in dark clothes and carrying a sword emerged from the water . 
 the figure quickly scanned the area , tipping his nose into the air and closing his eyes as if to scent out any predators . 
 seemingly satisfied he was alone , he climbed the underside of the bridge and heaved himself onto the road . 
 quickly , ibarra opened the window to the apartment and leapt to the ground , withdrawing his sword as he landed . 
 the venetian 's head came up . 
 his gaze darted in ibarra 's direction . 
 when he caught sight of the basque he cursed , breaking into a run . 
 he crossed the bridge and headed toward santo spirito , on the south side of the arno . 
 ibarra followed at a high rate of speed , climbing a building near the bridge . 
 from the vantage point of the roof he caught sight of his prey escaping into a side street . 
 the basque crossed to the roof of the next building , continuing to monitor the venetian 's progress . 
 the failed assassin wheeled around a corner , coming perilously close to the holy ground of a church . 
 ibarra watched with silent amusement as the man paused , momentarily confused , before making a hard left and entering piazza santo spirito . 
 ibarra jumped to the pavement , pursuing him across the piazza and into an alley . 
 the venetian skidded to a stop the moment he realized the alley was blind . 
 ibarra stood behind him at the mouth of the alley , wielding his sword . 
 the venetian glimpsed ibarra over his shoulder , then ran for the wall opposite and began to climb . 
 the basque flew toward him and grabbed his clothes , tossing him to the ground . 
 the would-be assassin landed hard , a loud oath escaping his lips . 
 but he did not drop his sword . 
 ibarra stood over him , speaking in basque-accented italian . 
 `` surrender and i shall be merciful . '' 
 the venetian looked around , measuring the distance to the street . 
 ibarra took that opportunity to focus on his scent . 
 `` you have n't fed in some time . 
 you must be hungry . 
 i will ensure you 're given food . '' 
 the venetian stumbled to his feet , waving his sword in front of ibarra 's midsection . 
 his eyes flickered from place to place , weighing his options . 
 `` our prince is dead . 
 you 're the only assassin who survived . 
 the entire principality is hunting you and the others will kill you when they find you . '' 
 the venetian 's expression changed , but only momentarily . 
 he had n't heard the assassination had been successful or that his entire team had been killed . 
 and he did n't appear to trust ibarra 's word . 
 the basque smiled . 
 `` it 's clear you 're courageous , but do n't let your courage become folly . 
 you 're friendless , alone , and far from home . 
 i will see that you are fed and given shelter . 
 put down your sword . '' 
 the venetian lifted his weapon still higher . 
 ibarra whistled softly , shaking his head . 
 `` why would marcus send someone your age to assassinate an old one ? 
 does n't he have other , better soldiers ? 
 or does venice intend to wage war against us with an army of younglings ? '' 
 the young venetian 's eyes fixed on his . 
 ibarra 's smile widened . 
 `` ah , so marcus did n't tell you our prince was an old one . '' 
 he swung his sword with a flourish . 
 `` still , you should have studied your history . 
 our prince ruled florence for centuries . 
 although i ca n't swear to his exact age when he was killed , it 's clear he was one of the oldest in italy . '' 
 something remarkably like surprise flashed across the venetian 's face . 
 ibarra 's smile faded . 
 he moved a step closer . 
 `` they say marcus is a tyrant . 
 is he worth dying for ? '' 
 the venetian gripped his sword with two hands , swinging it at ibarra 's head . 
 ibarra ducked , swiping his weapon at the venetian 's feet and knocking him over . 
 the venetian toppled to the ground , still clinging to his sword . 
 ibarra stomped on his hand and the venetian cried out in pain , releasing the weapon . 
 the basque placed the tip of his sword underneath the venetian 's chin , lifting it . 
 `` i see that venetians are loyal , but not intelligent . 
 `` i 'm older than you by at least a century , perhaps two . 
 i 'm stronger , faster , and more difficult to kill . 
 you wo n't best me in a swordfight , even if you were n't weak from lack of food . '' 
 ibarra 's dark eyes twinkled like two black stars . 
 `` it will be difficult to engage in a swordfight with me since you 've just lost your weapon . '' 
 he scratched the venetian 's neck , drawing blood . 
 `` help me flee the city and you 'll receive a king 's ransom . '' 
 the venetian 's voice was low but defiant . 
 ibarra 's brow crinkled . 
 `` what kind of ransom ? '' 
 `` gold . 
 there are those who would pay a great deal for my safe return . '' 
 ibarra surveyed the captive 's clothes and appearance . 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 `` you can come with me . 
 prince marcus could use someone like you . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he could . 
 he probably has n't executed anyone in at least a few hours and is in need of a victim . '' 
 ibarra kicked the venetian in the side . 
 `` get up . '' 
 `` i have powerful friends . '' 
 the venetian stubbornly refused to move . 
 `` i 'd like to hear more about that . 
 but first , we 're going to go for a walk . 
 now stand up . '' 
 the venetian stood on unsteady feet and ibarra pushed him toward the mouth of the alley , pressing the tip of his sword into his back . 
 `` you may not realize this , venetian , but fortune has smiled on you . 
 since i am the one who found you , you will live to see another day . 
 the question is whether or not you 'll see the day after that . '' 
 chapter 12 `` what news from rome ? '' 
 the prince welcomed his lieutenant to the library of his private residence in the palazzo riccardi , gesturing to a nearby chair . 
 lorenzo bowed and took his seat . 
 `` the roman was unavailable . 
 i met with his lieutenant . '' 
 the prince seemed unsurprised by the revelation . 
 `` and ? '' 
 from beneath his robes , lorenzo withdrew a folded piece of parchment sealed with red wax that bore the imprint of the king of italy . 
 `` this missive was given to me to confirm my conversation with the lieutenant . 
 he informed me rome wo n't interfere if war ensues between venice and florence , unless the conflict attracts undue attention . '' 
 the prince broke the seal and unfolded the parchment , reading the latin words quickly . 
 `` attention from whom ? 
 humans or the curia ? '' 
 lorenzo shifted in his seat . 
 `` the lieutenant was not specific . '' 
 `` probably because one leads to the other . '' 
 the prince paused as he saw something of interest in the missive that was not related to the present discussion . 
 lorenzo noted his reaction , staring at him with inquisitive eyes . 
 the prince folded the letter and placed it in the pocket of his suit jacket . 
 `` did you inform rome we were n't certain venice was behind the assassination attempt ? '' 
 lorenzo looked as if he wanted to ask about the missive . 
 but he did n't . 
 `` yes , prince . '' 
 `` while you were in rome , we received confirmation marcus was behind the attack . 
 what 's rome 's position on the circumstances concerning our conflict ? '' 
 `` according to the lieutenant , the roman prefers to avoid public pronouncements on such matters , but privately , it was acknowledged our complaint has merit . '' 
 the prince took a moment to adjust his cuff links , reflecting on lorenzo 's words . 
 they were not what he 'd hoped . 
 `` was there any indication of the roman 's ... retirement ? '' 
 `` no , prince . 
 but there are rumors the roman was replaced secretly when he reached his thousand years . '' 
 `` what rumors ? '' 
 the prince 's tone was sharp . 
 lorenzo lifted his hands in a conciliatory gesture . 
 `` nothing specific . 
 but from here to rome , citizens remarked how strange it is that no one has seen the roman for at least a century . 
 i was given to understand the lieutenant deals with all matters of state . 
 he felt free to give his opinion during our conversation without leaving me to consult his superior . '' 
 the prince resisted the urge to comment and looked off into space , keeping his musings private . 
 at that moment , a knock sounded at the door . 
 lorenzo bowed and opened the door discreetly , blocking the entrance with his body . 
 `` i beg pardon , sir lorenzo . '' 
 gregor 's russian-accented italian filled the room . 
 `` ibarra has a gift for the prince . '' 
 `` what gift ? '' 
 lorenzo sounded surprised . 
 `` a venetian one . '' 
 lorenzo was silent for a moment . 
 `` tell ibarra to bring his gift to the consilium chamber . 
 i 'll inform his lordship . '' 
 gregor acceded to the command and lorenzo closed the door . 
 the prince lifted his eyebrows . 
 `` well , what 's the gift ? '' 
 lorenzo appeared distracted . 
 `` i 'm not certain , prince . '' 
 `` assemble the council members . 
 we may have need of them . '' 
 lorenzo bowed and withdrew . 
 in the quiet of his library , the prince took the missive from his pocket and reread the note penned at the bottom in a familiar hand . 
 a wide smile spread across his face . 
 *** `` i move we torture him . '' 
 aoibhe 's voice , loud and deceptively melodious , rang out in the council chamber . 
 the consilium had assembled without the prisoner , who was being kept in a cell nearby under the careful watch of no less than four guards . 
 `` the venetian 's life is forfeit to the prince . 
 perhaps he 'd rather kill him personally , '' lorenzo interjected , eyeing their ruler as he sat on his throne . 
 `` he 's a youngling and can be turned . '' 
 ibarra 's voice was low but confident . 
 `` we need to determine what contact he 's had with venice . '' 
 the prince focused his stern expression on his new head of security . 
 ibarra nodded his agreement . 
 `` without question , my lord , but i doubt he 's had any . 
 he was separated from the others and has been hiding in the arno . 
 from the look of him , he has n't even fed since the night you were attacked . '' 
 `` niccolo ? '' 
 the prince turned to his intelligence officer . 
 he stood . 
 `` we 've had no news of information entering venice from here . 
 marcus continues to believe you 're dead , my lord . '' 
 `` has there been any movement in the region ? '' 
 `` none . 
 our spies report that venice has assembled an army , but they 've encountered difficulties with our near neighbors . 
 the allies have informed venice that they will attack if their borders are breached . '' 
 the prince grinned . 
 `` excellent . '' 
 niccolo continued . 
 `` as we predicted , venice is making plans to travel by water . 
 however , our spies have been able to determine where they may make landfall . '' 
 `` possibly rimini or cervia , '' the prince mused . 
 `` both are reasonable possibilities , yes . '' 
 the prince tented his fingers . 
 `` marcus has surprised me . 
 i expected him to attack within hours of learning of my death . '' 
 niccolo nodded . 
 `` it 's possible marcus was waiting for a report from inside the city . '' 
 the prince smiled again . 
 `` that is our good fortune . 
 `` our army is larger and certainly stronger . 
 we are at the height of readiness . 
 while we could secure permission from our neighbors to march through their territories in order to attack venice , it would be prudent for us to wait . 
 venice will come to us . 
 `` niccolo , write letters to the princess of ravenna and the prince of san marino , asking them to side with us during any potential conflict but leave our adversary unnamed for now . 
 `` ensure our spies on the coast are at the ready and offer them handsome rewards for information about any movement from the north . '' 
 niccolo bowed . 
 `` yes , my lord . '' 
 `` ibarra . '' 
 the prince beckoned his new head of security . 
 the basque stood before the throne and bowed . 
 `` the venetian soldier is your prisoner . 
 extract whatever information you can from him and then kill him . '' 
 ibarra hesitated . 
 he looked as if he wished to protest but wisely , he did n't . 
 `` yes , my lord . '' 
 `` i place you in charge of the interrogation , as a reward . 
 but i order maximilian and aoibhe to observe the questioning . 
 stefan the physician will also be placed at your service , should you have need of him . '' 
 `` i am honored , my lord . 
 thank you . '' 
 ibarra genuflected and returned to his seat . 
 `` and ibarra . '' 
 the basque paused before sitting , turning toward the throne once again . 
 `` yes , my lord ? '' 
 `` one of your predecessors thought it would be a good idea to involve a priest in an interrogation . '' 
 the prince 's expression hardened . 
 `` do n't make the same mistake . '' 
 chapter 13 the prince was pleased with ibarra and the capture of the remaining venetian . 
 confident in the steps he 'd taken to defend the principality , and in the information that continued to trickle in from spies placed in venice and on the coast , the prince decided it was time for him to emerge from hiding , at least for a few hours . 
 he wanted his citizens and the venetians to continue to believe in his demise , but he was running out of time with respect to the emersons . 
 they were scheduled to check out of the gallery hotel art the following morning . 
 if he was to have his revenge on them it must be that evening . 
 thus , the prince decided he would venture out of the palazzo riccardi and into the streets of florence , but only for a few hours and with the single purpose of torturing and killing professor emerson . 
 but he needed to visit an old friend first . 
 he used a secret network of passages that led from the palazzo to his villa , which sat atop a hill overlooking the city . 
 as the sun began its descent , he piloted his triumph motorcycle from the garage and down the winding road that led to the arno . 
 no doubt it would seem strange to the citizens of florence 's underworld to see their prince taking such pleasure in riding a human machine . 
 but he loved the sleekness of the body and the sound of the engine . 
 he also loved the speed . 
 so it was that he drove like a demon across the arno and over to santa maria novella . 
 he was clad all in black , including a black helmet with an opaque shield , a pair of heavy , black motorcycle boots , and a black leather jacket that had been made in the 1950s . 
 a piece of cloth , newly doused with a vintage from his cellar , was pinned inside his shirt . 
 parking his roadster next to the church , he walked to the side entrance , still wearing his helmet . 
 he was wary of being seen by one of his citizens and for more than one reason . 
 the second he stepped on holy ground , he developed a strong headache and his limbs began to feel weak . 
 it was a harsh reminder he was no longer a servant of the church . 
 his blood boiled with ancient anger . 
 upon entering the church he removed his helmet , fighting the nausea that threatened from his stomach . 
 he strode to the center , stopping below giotto 's famous crucifix . 
 it was a thing of artistic beauty , to be sure . 
 he took his time examining the franciscan-inspired artwork , noting its colors . 
 but he would not look at the face of the figure hanging on the cross . 
 he spat on the floor , blaspheming in latin . 
 he turned on the heel of his boot and exited the church , moving across the grassy courtyard to the old chapter house . 
 in the sixteenth century , it had been transformed into what became known as the spanish chapel . 
 andrea di bonaiuto had painted the incredible frescoes that decorated the walls . 
 now the prince faced the person he 'd come to see-a figure seated below the personifications of the seven virtues , wearing an expression of peace . 
 he made eye contact with the image , which appeared to stare back at him , and bowed very low , his body unaccustomed to the movement . 
 `` hail , brother . '' 
 the prince greeted him in latin . 
 the figure remained silent . 
 `` it 's been some time since i 've visited . 
 more than a century , if memory serves . '' 
 the prince 's gaze flickered to the other less welcome images that flanked the favored one , before fixing on the personification of justice . 
 `` do you still believe in justice , now that you 've seen behind the veil ? '' 
 he moved a step closer , regarding the crown and scepter that she carried , noting that the scepter was extended toward the figure he was addressing . 
 he turned away , shaking his head . 
 `` of course not . 
 what am i saying ? 
 to question god in paradise is to ensure expulsion . '' 
 the prince chuckled to himself and lifted his helmet . 
 `` know that you have a home with me in hell , should you ever choose to fall . '' 
 one more look at the image 's grave face and the prince grew quiet , all amusement gone . 
 `` florence is under siege , or will be shortly . 
 the venetians are planning to attack . 
 but that is n't why i 'm here . '' 
 he began to pace , taking his eyes from the familiar figure and focusing on the movement of his boots . 
 `` would you believe i came here to make my confession ? 
 no ? 
 would that you were still alive and i could speak to you in person . 
 i think you would grant me an audience , no matter what the brothers say . '' 
 he turned , avoiding the image as if he could feel its painted eyes burning on his body . 
 `` tonight , i am the agent of vengeance . 
 someone stole from me some time ago . 
 i told you of this as you may recall . 
 after many years my treasures have returned to the city and soon they will hang in my home once again . 
 but tonight i will punish the man who stole them and in so doing , i will also exact revenge on his wife , who was complicit in the theft . 
 but i wo n't kill her . '' 
 his eyes lifted to the impassive face of the man featured in the fresco . 
 `` you knew little of women in life . 
 i 'm sure you 're better acquainted with them now , even if only in paradise . 
 `` you 'd have liked this one . 
 she 's sweet , too sweet for my taste , and virtuous . 
 you would have appreciated her goodness . '' 
 his gaze moved once again to the virtues that floated in the air at the top of the fresco . 
 he waited , as if for a response . 
 a response that would never come . 
 `` what , no reproach ? 
 no censure ? 
 i 've just told you i 'm going to injure a virtuous woman by killing her husband right in front of her . 
 surely that would motivate you to speak , after all these years . '' 
 at the silence the prince cursed , his eyes moving from one fresco to another . 
 `` still no answer ? 
 i stand before you confessing my sin before the fact , like guido da montefeltro . 
 unlike him , i know the folly of trying to receive absolution while still intending to sin . '' 
 the prince rumbled in his chest . 
 `` he sided with pisa against florence , you know . 
 i would have killed him for sport except he fled to assisi . 
 at least he had francis as a companion in his death . 
 even if his companion was worthless against the demons . '' 
 the prince lifted his eyes to the image . 
 `` who is my companion , brother ? 
 who is my saint , sent to comfort me in death ? '' 
 the prince scoffed . 
 `` yes , old friend , i know . 
 i may as well be a demon . 
 perhaps that 's what i am , dragging souls off to hell . '' 
 he stared at the image 's eyes . 
 `` no , i do n't want your god 's forgiveness . 
 i do n't want his atonement or absolution . 
 just yours . 
 `` but i know better . '' 
 he turned his back on the fresco and lifted his helmet , as if to place it on his head . 
 then , he changed his mind and walked toward the image until he was barely a foot away . 
 `` for almost eight hundred years i 've cursed god because of you . 
 how does that feel ? 
 how does it feel to be an occasion to sin ? 
 `` yours was n't the only death that night so long ago . 
 hope died with you . '' 
 with another curse , the prince spat on the floor . 
 `` you serve a monster . '' 
 the fresco gazed back at him reproachfully . 
 `` yes , i 'm a monster as well . 
 but unlike the capricious tyrant you serve , i uphold justice . '' 
 the prince looked once again at the personification of hope . 
 then he looked at justice , as if he were giving the image time to formulate an answer . 
 but the painted wall remained silent . 
 `` farewell , old friend . 
 i bid you peace , if there is such a thing . 
 i apologize for disturbing your rest . '' 
 the prince put on his helmet and stormed out of the chapter house , his boots thumping angrily against the aged floors . 
 he crossed the courtyard and made his way toward the street . 
 but before he approached his motorcycle , he scanned the area to see if any others of his kind were nearby . 
 fortunately for him , there were n't . 
 he jogged to his roadster and threw a leg over it . 
 the machine roared to life , echoing his fury and frustration . 
 without thought of the consequences , he gave the motorcycle free rein to fly through the narrow streets . 
 the prince would have his revenge and not even the saintly memory of his beloved mentor could deter him from it . 
 chapter 14 as the prince approached the gallery hotel art , he was careful to mute his anger . 
 he 'd spent centuries managing his rage and was practiced at doing so . 
 darkness shrouded the city he loved , like a blanket . 
 he felt it wrap tightly around him , feeding his pride . 
 it was easy enough to park his motorcycle around the corner from the hotel and stride down the street -lrb- unhelmeted -rrb- like a human . 
 he scaled the back wall of the hotel and climbed onto the roof , taking a moment to enjoy the view . 
 if he could be said to have a lover , her name would be florence . 
 he adored the city and would do anything for her . 
 in return , she pleased and comforted him like a devoted mistress . 
 he looked up at the stars and the slip of moon that shone above him . 
 and he remembered mrs. emerson 's words about the stars . 
 words he 'd remember forever , if he lived that long . 
 words he 'd have to fight to forget after he 'd had his revenge , just like the sound of her happy laughter . 
 without remorse , he continued on the path he 'd chosen , lowering himself to the terrace that opened from the penthouse . 
 the emersons had closed the doors that led to their bedroom . 
 he tried the door and found it locked , but with a sudden wrench , he removed the doorknob , effectively unlocking it . 
 he entered the bedroom soundlessly , stepping into the darkened room and closing the door behind him . 
 he closed his eyes and inhaled . 
 and stopped short . 
 there was a combination of scents in the air but the two he was most eager to locate were noticeably absent . 
 in a flash , the prince stood next to the large white bed , which was carefully made . 
 and empty . 
 he scanned the room in the darkness , his gifted senses enabling him to see everything despite the absence of light . 
 when he did n't find what he wanted , he toppled chairs as he strode to the walk-in closet , throwing the doors open . 
 it was empty of clothes . 
 he tore the room apart , tossing lamps and objects of art aside . 
 he withdrew drawers from their dressers and cabinets , dumping them on the floor . 
 the room was empty , not just of human beings but of all personal effects . 
 the emersons had fled . 
 with a roar , he lifted the bed on one side and threw it against the wall . 
 a lamp fell to the marble floor with a crash , shards of crystal skating across the cold marble surface . 
 the angry , malignant being leapt from the terrace to the ground below . 
 without reflection , he entered the front door of the hotel and followed his nose to the front desk . 
 a man in a suit stood behind the counter . 
 at the sight of the prince , the man trembled , trying desperately to keep control of his bladder . 
 he pushed his glasses up his nose , not even bothering to fake a smile . 
 `` good evening , sir . '' 
 his voice cracked . 
 `` how may i assist you ? '' 
 `` where are the emersons ? '' 
 the prince snarled in italian , placing his fists on top of the counter . 
 `` um , i 'm sorry , sir , but i can not give away any information about our guests . '' 
 the prince gripped the man by his expensive tie and lifted him bodily off the floor . 
 the prince 's gray eyes blazed , staring unblinkingly into the eyes of his victim . 
 `` i am your master . 
 you will tell me what i wish to know . '' 
 the man choked , his hands trying to slacken the forceful pull of the tie . 
 the prince lowered his voice to a threatening , silken whisper . 
 `` tell me where the emersons are . '' 
 the man stared back into the prince 's eyes , his mouth falling slack as he stopped struggling . 
 the prince placed the man back on his feet and released his tie . 
 the man continued to stare into the prince 's eyes with a glazed look on his face , then his fingers moved to the keyboard of his computer . 
 he looked at the screen and tapped a few keys . 
 `` professor and mrs. gabriel emerson departed yesterday . '' 
 the prince 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` that 's impossible . 
 they were scheduled to leave tomorrow . '' 
 `` master , the computer says they checked out early for personal reasons . '' 
 `` sard , '' the prince cursed , pounding his fist on the counter . 
 the wood split beneath his hand . 
 the man seemed unfazed by the destruction of hotel property and simply continued to stare into the prince 's eyes , his expression and demeanor surprisingly placid . 
 the prince growled . 
 `` where is emerson now ? '' 
 the man 's gaze dropped to the computer screen . 
 `` they did not leave a forwarding address . '' 
 `` what addresses did they leave ? '' 
 the prince 's voice morphed into a bark . 
 `` three addresses , master . 
 one in umbria , at a house near todi . 
 and two in america-in cambridge , massachusetts , and selinsgrove , pennsylvania . '' 
 the locations sounded familiar to the prince , as they matched the intelligence report he 'd been given . 
 but he did n't know which residence the emersons had departed for upon leaving florence . 
 `` give me the addresses . '' 
 the man tapped a few keys and the printer to his left came to life . 
 he withdrew a single sheet of paper from the tray and placed it on top of the counter , where the wood was split . 
 `` look at me , '' the prince breathed . 
 the man 's eyes moved to his again . 
 `` you will remember nothing of this exchange . 
 you will go upstairs to the penthouse and enter the room . 
 you will discover that a vandal has broken into the penthouse and destroyed it . 
 you will not call the police . 
 you will have the room repaired immediately and will tell no one about the matter . '' 
 `` yes , master . '' 
 the prince held his eyes before storming out of the lobby and through the front door , clutching the paper in his fist . 
 the emersons may have escaped him this evening , but they would not escape him for long . 
 he would hunt them until he found them and then they would pay . 
 the professor would pay with his life and the woman at his side would pay with her heart , by watching her husband die . 
 in killing the professor and the professor 's wife 's happiness , the prince would have his revenge . 
 he was a few steps from his motorcycle when a figure emerged from across the street . 
 he scented her before he could see her . 
 `` niccolo sent me with an urgent message . '' 
 aoibhe stepped into the light that shone from the hotel doorway . 
 `` and ? '' 
 the prince clipped . 
 `` venice is on the move . 
 our spies inside the city report that marcus has sent his army by sea . 
 they intend to land at rimini . '' 
 `` send word to the princess of rimini immediately , informing her of the impending invasion . 
 then summon the consilium . 
 we 'll amass our army to make ready for their attack . '' 
 the prince shoved the piece of paper he was holding into his jacket pocket . 
 aoibhe eyed his pocket curiously . 
 `` have i interrupted you , my lord ? '' 
 `` the security of the principality is my primary concern . 
 now go , '' he ordered , ending their conversation . 
 aoibhe bowed and disappeared while the prince returned to his motorcycle . 
 `` you may have escaped for now , emerson . 
 but you wo n't escape me forever . '' 
 the prince of florence climbed aboard his machine and sped off into the night . 
 fin . 
 if you enjoyed this story , please consider leaving a review at goodreads or any reader site or blog you frequent . 
 the prince 's adventures continue in the raven , coming in february from penguin ! 
 keep reading for a special preview . 
 a lone figure stood high atop brunelleschi 's dome , under the shade of the gold globe and cross . 
 his black clothing faded into the encroaching darkness , rendering him invisible to the people below . 
 not that they would have seen him . 
 from his vantage point , they looked like ants . 
 and ants they were to him , an irritating , if necessary , presence in his city . 
 the city of florence had been his for almost seven hundred years . 
 when he was in residence , he spent the moments before sunset in the same place , surveying his kingdom with lucifer-like pride . 
 this was the work of his hands , the fruit of his labor , and he wielded his power without mercy . 
 his considerable strength was magnified by his intellect and his patience . 
 centuries had passed before his eyes , yet he remained constant . 
 time was a luxury he owned in abundance , and he was never hasty in his pursuit of revenge . 
 over a hundred years had come and gone since he 'd been robbed of some of his most prized possessions . 
 he 'd waited for them to resurface and they had . 
 on this night , he 'd restored the illustrations to his personal collection , the sophisticated security of the uffizi gallery causing him only the most trifling of inconveniences . 
 so it was that he stood in triumph against the darkening sky , like a medici prince , looking out over florence . 
 he smelled rain on the warm air as he contemplated the fate of those responsible for acquiring his stolen illustrations . 
 he 'd intended to kill them two years previous , but had been thwarted by a tiresome assassination attempt . 
 the war that ensued between the underworlds of florence and venice had kept him occupied since then . 
 he 'd won the war , successfully annexing venice and all its territories . 
 and his prey had finally returned to the city . 
 now was the time to have his revenge . 
 he had time enough to plan the killings and so he stood , enjoying his success , as a warm , persistent rain began to fall . 
 the ants below scattered , scurrying for shelter . 
 soon the streets emptied of human beings . 
 he clutched the case under his arm more closely , realizing that his illustrations were in need of a dry space . 
 in the blink of an eye , he traveled down the red tiles to a lower half dome before leaping to the ground and sprinting across the square . 
 soon he was climbing to the roof of the arciconfraternita della misericordia , an adjacent , aged building . 
 there was a time when he would have served the arciconfraternita , joining in their mission of mercy , rather than treating them as a hurdle . 
 but he had n't been merciful since 1274 . 
 in his new form , the concept never entered his consciousness . 
 some hours later , he flew across the tiled roofs at great speed , dodging raindrops and heading toward the ponte vecchio . 
 the smell of blood filled his nostrils . 
 there was more than one vintage , but the scent that attracted his attention was young and unaccountably sweet . 
 it resurrected in him memories forgotten , images of love and loss . 
 other monsters moved in the darkness , from all parts of the city , racing toward the place where innocent blood cried out from the ground . 
 he changed direction and increased his speed , moving toward the ponte santa trinita . 
 his black form blurred against the night sky as he leapt from rooftop to rooftop . 
 as he ran , the question uppermost in his mind was : who will reach her first ? 
