 adelina amouteru i 'm going to die tomorrow morning . 
 that 's what the inquisitors tell me , anyway , when they visit my cell . 
 i 've been in here for weeks-i know this only because i 've been counting the number of times my meals come . 
 one day . 
 two days . 
 four days . 
 a week . 
 two weeks . 
 three . 
 i stopped counting after that . 
 the hours run together , an endless train of nothingness , filled with different slants of light and the shiver of cold , wet stone , the pieces of my sanity , the disjointed whispers of my thoughts . 
 but tomorrow , my time ends . 
 they 're going to burn me at the stake in the central market square , for all to see . 
 the inquisitors tell me a crowd has already begun to gather outside . 
 i sit straight , the way i was always taught . 
 my shoulders do n't touch the wall . 
 it takes me a while to realize that i 'm rocking back and forth , perhaps to stay sane , perhaps just to keep warm . 
 i hum an old lullaby too , one my mother used to sing to me when i was very little . 
 i do my best to imitate her voice , a sweet and delicate sound , but my notes come out cracked and hoarse , nothing like what i remember . 
 i stop trying . 
 it 's so damp down here . 
 water trickles from above my door and has painted a groove into the stone wall , discolored green and black with grime . 
 my hair is matted , and my nails are caked with blood and dirt . 
 i want to scrub them clean . 
 is it strange that all i can think about on my last day is how filthy i am ? 
 if my little sister were here , she 'd murmur something reassuring and soak my hands in warm water . 
 i ca n't stop wondering if she 's okay . 
 she has n't come to see me . 
 i lower my head into my hands . 
 how did i end up like this ? 
 but i know how , of course . 
 it 's because i 'm a murderer . 
 it happened several weeks earlier , on a stormy night at my father 's villa . 
 i could n't sleep . 
 rain fell and lightning reflected off the window of my bedchamber . 
 but even the storm could n't drown out the conversation from downstairs . 
 my father and his guest were talking about me , of course . 
 my father 's late-night conversations were always about me . 
 i was the talk of my family 's eastern dalia district . 
 adelina amouteru ? 
 they all said . 
 oh , she 's one of those who survived the fever a decade ago . 
 poor thing . 
 her father will have a hard time marrying her off . 
 no one meant because i was n't beautiful . 
 i 'm not being arrogant , only honest . 
 my nursemaid once told me that any man who 'd ever laid eyes on my late mother was now waiting curiously to see how her two daughters would blossom into women . 
 my younger sister , violetta , was only fourteen and already the budding image of perfection . 
 unlike me , violetta had inherited our mother 's rosy temperament and innocent charm . 
 she 'd kiss my cheeks and laugh and twirl and dream . 
 when we were very small , we 'd sit together in the garden and she would braid periwinkles into my hair . 
 i would sing to her . 
 she would make up games . 
 we loved each other , once . 
 my father would bring violetta jewels and watch her clap her hands in delight as he strung them around her neck . 
 he would buy her exquisite dresses that arrived in port from the farthest ends of the world . 
 he would tell her stories and kiss her good night . 
 he would remind her how beautiful she was , how far she would raise our family 's standing with a good marriage , how she could attract princes and kings if she desired . 
 violetta already had a line of suitors eager to secure her hand , and my father would tell each of them to be patient , that they could not marry her until she turned seventeen . 
 what a caring father , everyone thought . 
 of course , violetta did n't escape all of my father 's cruelty . 
 he purposely bought her dresses that were tight and painful . 
 he enjoyed seeing her feet bleed from the hard , jeweled shoes he encouraged her to wear . 
 still . 
 he loved her , in his own way . 
 it 's different , you see , because she was his investment . 
 i was another story . 
 unlike my sister , blessed with shining black hair to complement her dark eyes and rich olive skin , i am flawed . 
 and by flawed , i mean this : when i was four years old , the blood fever reached its peak and everyone in kenettra barred their homes in a state of panic . 
 no use . 
 my mother , sister , and i all came down with the fever . 
 you could always tell who was infected-strange , mottled patterns showed up on our skin , our hair and lashes flitted from one color to another , and pink , blood-tinged tears ran from our eyes . 
 i still remember the smell of sickness in our house , the burn of brandy on my lips . 
 my left eye became so swollen that a doctor had to remove it . 
 he did it with a red-hot knife and a pair of burning tongs . 
 so , yes . 
 you could say i am flawed . 
 marked . 
 a malfetto . 
 while my sister emerged from the fever unscathed , i now have only a scar where my left eye used to be . 
 while my sister 's hair remained a glossy black , the strands of my hair and lashes turned a strange , ever-shifting silver , so that in the sunlight they look close to white , like a winter moon , and in the dark they change to a deep gray , shimmering silk spun from metal . 
 at least i fared better than mother did . 
 mother , like every infected adult , died . 
 i remember crying in her empty bedchamber each night , wishing the fever had taken father instead . 
 my father and his mysterious guest were still talking downstairs . 
 my curiosity got the best of me and i swung my legs over the side of my bed , crept toward my chamber door on light feet , and opened it a crack . 
 dim candlelight illuminated the hall outside . 
 below , my father sat across from a tall , broad-shouldered man with graying hair at his temples , his hair tied back at the nape of his neck in a short , customary tail , the velvet of his coat shining black and orange in the light . 
 my father 's coat was velvet too , but the material was worn thin . 
 before the blood fever crippled our country , his clothes would have been as luxurious as his guest 's . 
 but now ? 
 it 's hard to keep good trade relations when you have a malfetto daughter tainting your family 's name . 
 both men drank wine . 
 father must be in a negotiating mood tonight , i thought , to have tapped one of our last good casks . 
 i opened the door a little wider , crept out into the hall , and sat , knees to my chin , along the stairs . 
 my favorite spot . 
 sometimes i 'd pretend i was a queen , and that i stood here on a palace balcony looking down at my groveling subjects . 
 now i took up my usual crouch and listened closely to the conversation downstairs . 
 as always , i made sure my hair covered my scar . 
 my hand rested awkwardly on the staircase . 
 my father had broken my fourth finger , and it never healed straight . 
 even now , i could not curl it properly around the railing . 
 `` i do n't mean to insult you , master amouteru , '' the man said to my father . 
 `` you were a merchant of good reputation . 
 but that was a long time ago . 
 i do n't want to be seen doing business with a malfetto family-bad luck , you know . 
 there 's little you can offer me . '' 
 my father kept a smile on his face . 
 the forced smile of a business transaction . 
 `` there are still lenders in town who work with me . 
 i can pay you back as soon as the port traffic picks up . 
 tamouran silks and spices are in high demand this year - '' the man looked unimpressed . 
 `` the king 's dumb as a dog , '' he replied . 
 `` and dogs are no good at running countries . 
 the ports will be slow for years to come , i 'm afraid , and with the new tax laws , your debts will only grow . 
 how can you possibly repay me ? '' 
 my father leaned back in his chair , sipped his wine , and sighed . 
 `` there must be something i can offer you . '' 
 the man studied his glass of wine thoughtfully . 
 the harsh lines of his face made me shiver . 
 `` tell me about adelina . 
 how many offers have you received ? '' 
 my father blushed . 
 as if the wine had n't left him red enough already . 
 `` offers for adelina 's hand have been slow to come . '' 
 the man smiled . 
 `` none for your little abomination , then . '' 
 my father 's lips tightened . 
 `` not as many as i 'd like , '' he admitted . 
 `` what do the others say about her ? '' 
 `` the other suitors ? '' 
 my father rubbed a hand across his face . 
 admitting all my flaws embarrassed him . 
 `` they say the same thing . 
 it always comes back to her ... markings . 
 what can i tell you , sir ? 
 no one wants a malfetto bearing his children . '' 
 the man listened , making sympathetic sounds . 
 `` have n't you heard the latest news from estenzia ? 
 two noblemen walking home from the opera were found burned to a crisp . '' 
 my father had quickly changed tack , hoping now that the stranger would take pity on him . 
 `` scorch marks on the wall , their bodies melted from the inside out . 
 everyone is frightened of malfettos , sir . 
 even you are reluctant to do business with me . 
 please . 
 i 'm helpless . '' 
 i knew what my father spoke of . 
 he was referring to very specific malfettos-a rare handful of children who came out of the blood fever with scars far darker than mine , frightening abilities that do n't belong in this world . 
 everyone talked about these malfettos in hushed whispers ; most feared them and called them demons . 
 but i secretly held them in awe . 
 people said they could conjure fire out of thin air . 
 could call the wind . 
 could control beasts . 
 could disappear . 
 could kill in the blink of an eye . 
 if you searched the black market , you 'd find flat wooden engravings for sale , elaborately carved with their names , forbidden collectibles that supposedly meant they would protect you-or , at the least , that they would not hurt you . 
 no matter the opinion , everyone knew their names . 
 the reaper . 
 magiano . 
 the windwalker . 
 the alchemist . 
 the young elites . 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` i 've heard that even the suitors who refuse adelina still gape at her , sick with desire . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` true , her markings are ... unfortunate . 
 but a beautiful girl is a beautiful girl . '' 
 something strange glinted in his eyes . 
 my stomach twisted at the sight , and i tucked my chin tighter against my knees , as if for protection . 
 my father looked confused . 
 he sat up taller in his chair and pointed his wineglass at the man . 
 `` are you making me an offer for adelina 's hand ? '' 
 the man reached into his coat to produce a small brown pouch , then tossed it onto the table . 
 it landed with a heavy clink . 
 as a merchant 's daughter , one becomes well acquainted with money-and i could tell from the sound and from the size of the coins that the purse was filled to the brim with gold talents . 
 i stifled a gasp . 
 as my father gaped at the contents , the man leaned back and thoughtfully sipped his wine . 
 `` i know of the estate taxes you have n't yet paid to the crown . 
 i know of your new debts . 
 and i will cover all of them in exchange for your daughter adelina . '' 
 my father frowned . 
 `` but you have a wife . '' 
 `` i do , yes . '' 
 the man paused , then added , `` i never said i wanted to marry her . 
 i am merely proposing to take her off your hands . '' 
 i felt the blood drain from my face . 
 `` you ... want her as your mistress , then ? '' 
 father asked . 
 the man shrugged . 
 `` no nobleman in his right mind would make a wife of such a marked girl-she could not possibly attend public affairs on my arm . 
 i have a reputation to uphold , master amouteru . 
 but i think we can work this out . 
 she will have a home , and you will have your gold . '' 
 he raised a hand . 
 `` one condition . 
 i want her now , not in a year . 
 i 've no patience to wait until she turns seventeen . '' 
 a strange buzzing filled my ears . 
 no boy or girl was allowed to give themselves to another until they turned seventeen . 
 this man was asking my father to break the law . 
 to defy the gods . 
 my father raised an eyebrow , but he did n't argue . 
 `` a mistress , '' he finally said . 
 `` sir , you must know what this will do to my reputation . 
 i might as well sell her to a brothel . '' 
 `` and how is your reputation faring now ? 
 how much damage has she already done to your professional name ? '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` surely you 're not insinuating my home is nothing more than a common brothel . 
 at least your adelina would belong to a noble household . '' 
 as i watched my father sip his wine , my hands began to tremble . 
 `` a mistress , '' he repeated . 
 `` think quickly , master amouteru . 
 i wo n't offer this again . '' 
 `` give me a moment , '' my father anxiously reassured him . 
 i do n't know how long the silence lasted , but when he finally spoke again , i jumped at the sound . 
 `` adelina could be a good match for you . 
 you 're wise to see it . 
 she is lovely , even with her markings , and ... spirited . '' 
 the man swirled his wine . 
 `` and i will tame her . 
 do we have a deal ? '' 
 i closed my eye . 
 my world swam in darkness-i imagined the man 's face against my own , his hand on my waist , his sickening smile . 
 not even a wife . 
 a mistress . 
 the thought made me shrink from the stairs . 
 through a haze of numbness , i watched my father shake hands and clink wineglasses with the man . 
 `` a deal , then , '' he said to the man . 
 he looked relieved of a great burden . 
 `` tomorrow , she 's yours . 
 just ... keep this private . 
 i do n't want inquisitors knocking on my door and fining me for giving her away too young . '' 
 `` she 's a malfetto , '' the man replied . 
 `` no one will care . '' 
 he tightened his gloves and rose from his chair in one elegant move . 
 my father bowed his head . 
 `` i 'll send a carriage for her in the morning . '' 
 as my father escorted him to our door , i stole away into my bedchamber and stood there in the darkness , shaking . 
 why did my father 's words still stab me in the heart ? 
 i should be used to it by now . 
 what had he once told me ? 
 my poor adelina , he 'd said , caressing my cheek with a thumb . 
 it 's a shame . 
 look at you . 
 who will ever want a malfetto like you ? 
 it will be all right , i tried telling myself . 
 at least you can leave your father behind . 
 it wo n't be so bad . 
 but even as i thought this , i felt a weight settle in my chest . 
 i knew the truth . 
 malfettos were unwanted . 
 bad luck . 
 and , now more than ever , feared . 
 i would be tossed aside the instant the man tired of me . 
 my gaze wandered around my bedchamber , settling finally on my window . 
 my heartbeat stilled for a moment . 
 rain drew angry lines down the glass , but through it i could still see the deep blue cityscape of dalia , the rows of domed brick towers and cobblestone alleys , the marble temples , the docks where the edge of the city sloped gently into the sea , where on clear nights gondolas with golden lanterns would glide across the water , where the waterfalls that bordered southern kenettra thundered . 
 tonight , the ocean churned in fury , and white foam crashed against the city 's horizon , flooding the canals . 
 i continued staring out the rain-slashed window for a long while . 
 tonight . 
 tonight was the night . 
 i hurried to my bed , bent down , and dragged out a sack i 'd made with a bedsheet . 
 inside it were fine silverware , forks and knives , candelabras , engraved plates , anything i could sell for food and shelter . 
 that 's another thing to love about me . 
 i steal . 
 i 'd been stealing from around our house for months , stashing things under my bed in preparation for the day when i could n't stand to live with my father any longer . 
 it was n't much , but i calculated that if i sold all of it to the right dealers , i might end up with a few gold talents . 
 enough to get by , at least , for several months . 
 then i rushed to my chest of clothes , pulled out an armful of silks , and hurried about my chamber to collect any jewelry i could find . 
 my silver bracelets . 
 a pearl necklace inherited from my mother that my sister did not want . 
 a pair of sapphire earrings . 
 i grabbed two long strips of silk cloth that make up a tamouran headwrap . 
 i would need to cover up my silver hair while on the run . 
 i worked in feverish concentration . 
 i added the jewelry and clothes carefully into the sack , hid it behind my bed , and pulled on my soft leather riding boots . 
 i settled down to wait . 
 an hour later , when my father retired to bed and the house stilled , i grabbed the sack . 
 i hurried to my window and pressed my hand against it . 
 gingerly , i pushed the left pane aside and propped it open . 
 the storm had calmed some , but rain still came down steadily enough to mute the sound of my footsteps . 
 i looked over my shoulder one last time at my bedchamber door , as if i expected my father to walk in . 
 where are you going , adelina ? 
 he 'd say . 
 there 's nothing out there for a girl like you . 
 i shook his voice from my head . 
 let him find me gone in the morning , his best chance at settling his debts . 
 i took a deep breath , then began to climb through the open window . 
 cold rain lashed at my arms , prickling my skin . 
 `` adelina ? '' 
 i whirled around at the voice . 
 behind me , the silhouette of a girl stood in my doorway-my sister , violetta , still rubbing sleep from her eyes . 
 she stared at the open window and the sack on my shoulders , and for a terrifying moment , i thought she might raise her voice and shout for father . 
 but violetta watched me quietly . 
 i felt a pang of guilt , even as the sight of her sent a flash of resentment through my heart . 
 fool . 
 why should i have felt sorry for someone who had watched me suffer so many times before ? 
 i love you , adelina , she used to say , when we were small . 
 papa loves you too . 
 he just does n't know how to show it . 
 why did i pity the sister who was valued ? 
 still , i found myself rushing to her on silent feet , taking one of her hands in mine , and putting a slender finger up to her lips . 
 she gave me a worried look . 
 `` you should go back to bed , '' she whispered . 
 in the dim glow of night , i could see the gloss of her dark , marble eyes , the thinness of her delicate skin . 
 her beauty was so pure . 
 `` you 'll get in trouble if father finds you . '' 
 i squeezed her hand tighter , then let our foreheads touch . 
 we stayed still for a long moment , and it seemed as if we were children again , each leaning against the other . 
 usually violetta would pull away from me , knowing that father did not like to see us close . 
 this time , though , she clung to me . 
 as if she knew that tonight was something different . 
 `` violetta , '' i whispered , `` do you remember the time you lied to father about who broke one of his best vases ? '' 
 my sister nodded against my shoulder . 
 `` i need you to do that for me again . '' 
 i pulled far away enough to tuck her hair behind her ear . 
 `` do n't say a word . '' 
 she did n't reply ; instead , she swallowed and looked down the hall toward our father 's chambers . 
 she did not hate him in the same way that i did , and the thought of going against his teaching-that she was too good for me , that to love me was a foolish thing-filled her eyes with guilt . 
 finally , she nodded . 
 i felt as if a mantle had been lifted from my shoulders , like she was letting go of me . 
 `` be careful out there . 
 stay safe . 
 good luck . '' 
 we exchanged a final look . 
 you could come with me , i thought . 
 but i know you wo n't . 
 you 're too scared . 
 go back to smiling at the dresses that father buys for you . 
 still , my heart softened for a moment . 
 violetta was always the good girl . 
 she did n't choose any of this . 
 i do wish you a happy life . 
 i hope you fall in love and marry well . 
 good-bye , sister . 
 i did n't dare wait for her to say anything else . 
 instead i turned away , walked to the window , and stepped onto the second-floor ledge . 
 i nearly slipped . 
 the rain had turned everything slick , and my riding boots fought for grip against the narrow ledge . 
 some silverware fell out of my sack , clattering on the ground below . 
 do n't look down . 
 i made my way along the ledge until i reached a balcony , and there i slid down until i dangled with nothing but my trembling hands holding me in place . 
 i closed my eye and let go . 
 my legs crumpled beneath me when i landed . 
 the impact knocked the breath from my chest , and for a moment i could only lie there in front of our house , drenched in rain , muscles aching , fighting for air . 
 strands of my hair clung to my face . 
 i wiped them out of my way and crawled onto my hands and knees . 
 the rain added a reflective sheen to everything around me , as if this were all some nightmare i could n't wake from . 
 my focus narrowed . 
 i needed to get out of here before my father discovered me gone . 
 finally , i scrambled to my feet and ran , dazed , toward our stables . 
 the horses paced uneasily when i walked in , but i untied my favorite stallion , whispered some soothing words to him , and saddled him . 
 we raced into the storm . 
 i pushed him hard until we had left my father 's villa behind and entered the edge of dalia 's marketplace . 
 the market was completely abandoned and flooded with puddles-i 'd never been out in the town at an hour like this , and the emptiness of a place usually swarming with people unnerved me . 
 my stallion snorted uneasily at the downpour and took several steps backward . 
 his hooves sank into the mud . 
 i swung down from the saddle , ran my hands along his neck in an attempt to calm him , and tried to pull him forward . 
 then i heard it . 
 the sound of galloping hooves behind me . 
 i froze in my tracks . 
 at first it seemed distant-almost entirely muted by the storm-but then , an instant later , it turned deafening . 
 i trembled where i stood . 
 father . 
 i knew he was coming ; it had to be him . 
 my hands stopped caressing the stallion 's neck and instead gripped his soaked mane for dear life . 
 had violetta told my father after all ? 
 perhaps he 'd heard the sound of the silverware falling from the roof . 
 and before i could think anything else , i saw him , a sight that sent terror rushing through my blood-my father , his eyes flashing , materializing through the fog of a wet midnight . 
 in all my years , i 'd never before seen such anger on his face . 
 i rushed to jump back on my stallion , but i was n't fast enough . 
 one moment my father 's horse was bearing down on us , and the next , he was here , his boots splashing into a puddle and his coat whipping out behind him . 
 his hand closed around my arm like an iron shackle . 
 `` what are you doing , adelina ? '' 
 he asked , his voice eerily calm . 
 i tried in vain to escape his grasp , but his hand only gripped tighter until i gasped from the pain . 
 my father pulled hard-i stumbled , lost my balance , and fell against him . 
 mud splashed my face . 
 all i could hear was the roar of rain , the darkness of his voice . 
 `` get up , you ungrateful little thief , '' he hissed in my ear , yanking me forcefully up . 
 then his voice turned soothing . 
 `` come now , my love . 
 you 're making a mess of yourself . 
 let me take you home . '' 
 i glared at him and pulled my arm away with all my strength . 
 his grip slipped against the slick of rain-my skin twisted painfully against his , and for an instant , i was free . 
 but then i felt his hand close around a fistful of my hair . 
 i shrieked , my hands grasping at the empty air . 
 `` so ill-tempered . 
 why ca n't you be more like your sister ? '' 
 he murmured , shaking his head and hauling me off toward his horse . 
 my arm hit the sack i 'd tied to my horse 's saddle , and the silverware rained down around us with a thunderous clatter , glinting in the night . 
 `` where were you planning on going ? 
 who else would want you ? 
 you 'll never get a better offer than this . 
 do you realize how much humiliation i 've suffered , dealing with the marriage refusals that come your way ? 
 do you know how hard it is for me , apologizing for you ? '' 
 i screamed . 
 i screamed with everything i had , hoping that my cries would wake the people sleeping in the buildings all around me , that they would witness this scene unfolding . 
 would they care ? 
 my father tightened his grip on my hair and pulled harder . 
 `` come home with me now , '' he said , pausing for a moment to stare at me . 
 rain ran down his cheeks . 
 `` good girl . 
 your father knows best . '' 
 i gritted my teeth and stared back . 
 `` i hate you , '' i whispered . 
 my father struck me viciously across the face . 
 light flashed across my vision . 
 i stumbled , then collapsed in the mud . 
 my father still clung to my hair . 
 he pulled so hard that i felt strands being torn from my scalp . 
 i 've gone too far , i suddenly thought through a haze of terror . 
 i 've pushed him too much . 
 the world swam in an ocean of blood and rain . 
 `` you 're a disgrace , '' he whispered in my ear , filling it with his smooth , icy rage . 
 `` you 're going in the morning , and so help me , i 'll kill you before you can ruin this deal . '' 
 something snapped inside me . 
 my lips curled into a snarl . 
 a rush of energy , a gathering of blinding light and darkest wind . 
 suddenly i could see everything-my father motionless before me , his snarling face a hairsbreadth away from my own , our surroundings illuminated by moonlight so brilliant that it washed the world of color , turning everything black and white . 
 water droplets hung in the air . 
 a million glistening threads connected everything to everything else . 
 something deep within me told me to pull on the threads . 
 the world around us froze , and then , as if my mind had crept out of my body and into the ground , an illusion of towering black shapes surged up from the earth , their bodies crooked and jolting , their eyes bloody and fixed straight on my father , their fanged mouths so wide that they stretched all across their silhouetted faces , splitting their heads in two . 
 my father 's eyes widened , then darted in bewilderment at the phantoms staggering toward him . 
 he released me . 
 i fell to the ground and crawled away from him as fast as i could . 
 the black , ghostly shapes continued to lurch forward . 
 i cowered in the midst of them , both helpless and powerful , looking on as they passed me by . 
 i am adelina amouteru , the phantoms whispered to my father , speaking my most frightening thoughts in a chorus of voices , dripping with hatred . 
 my hatred . 
 i belong to no one . 
 on this night , i swear to you that i will rise above everything you 've ever taught me . 
 i will become a force that this world has never known . 
 i will come into such power that none will dare hurt me again . 
 they gathered closer to him . 
 wait , i wanted to cry out , even as a strange exhilaration flowed through me . 
 wait , stop . 
 but the phantoms ignored me . 
 my father screamed , swatting desperately at their bony , outstretched fingers , and then he turned around and ran . 
 blindly . 
 he smashed into his horse and fell backward into the mud . 
 the horse shrieked , the whites of its eyes rolling . 
 it reared on its mighty legs , pawing for an instant at the air - and then down came its hooves . 
 onto my father 's chest . 
 my father 's screams cut off abruptly . 
 his body convulsed . 
 the phantoms vanished instantly , as if they were never there in the first place . 
 the rain suddenly grew heavy again , lightning streaked across the sky , and thunder shook my bones . 
 the horse untangled itself from my father 's broken body , trampling the corpse further . 
 then it tossed its head and galloped into the rain . 
 heat and ice coursed through my veins ; my muscles throbbed . 
 i lay there in the mud , trembling , disbelieving , my gaze fixed in horror on the sight of the body lying a few feet away . 
 my breaths came in ragged sobs , and my scalp burned in agony . 
 blood trickled down my face . 
 the smell of iron filled my nose-i could n't tell whether it came from my own wounds or my father 's . 
 i waited , bracing myself for the shapes to reappear and turn their wrath on me , but it never happened . 
 `` i did n't mean it , '' i whispered , unsure whom i was talking to . 
 my gaze darted up to the windows , terrified that people would be watching from every building , but no one was there . 
 the storm drowned me out . 
 i dragged myself away from my father 's body . 
 this is all wrong . 
 but that was a lie . 
 i knew it , even then . 
 do you see how i take after my father ? 
 i had enjoyed every moment . 
 `` i did n't mean it ! '' 
 i shrieked again , trying to drown out my inner voice . 
 but my words only came out in a thin , reedy jumble . 
 `` i just wanted to escape-i just wanted-to get away-i did n't - i do n't - '' i have no idea how long i stayed there . 
 all i know is that , eventually , i staggered to my feet . 
 i picked up the scattered silverware with trembling fingers , retied the sack , and pulled myself onto my stallion 's saddle . 
 then i rode away , leaving behind the carnage i 'd created . 
 i ran from the father i 'd murdered . 
 i escaped so quickly that i never stopped to wonder again whether or not someone had been watching me from a window . 
 i rode for days . 
 along the road , i bartered my stolen silverware to a kind innkeeper , a sympathetic farmer , a softhearted baker , until i 'd collected a small pouch of talents that would keep me in bread until i reached the next city . 
 my goal : estenzia , the northern port capital , the crowning jewel of kenettra , the city of ten thousand ships . 
 a city large enough to be teeming with malfettos . 
 i 'd be safer there . 
 i 'd be so far away from all of this that no one would ever find me . 
 but on the fifth day , my exhaustion finally caught up to me-i was no soldier , and i 'd never ridden like this before . 
 i crumpled in a broken , delirious heap before the gates of a farmhouse . 
 a woman found me . 
 she was dressed in clean brown robes , and i remember being so taken by her motherly beauty that my heart immediately warmed to her in trust . 
 i reached a shaking hand up to her , as if to touch her skin . 
 `` please , '' i whispered through cracked lips . 
 `` i need a place to rest . '' 
 the woman took pity on me . 
 she cupped my face between her smooth , cool hands , studied my markings for a long moment , and nodded . 
 `` come with me , child , '' she said . 
 she led me to the loft of their barn , showing me where i could sleep , and after a meal of bread and hard cheese , i immediately fell unconscious , safe in the knowledge of my shelter . 
 in the morning , i woke to rough hands dragging me from the hay . 
 i startled , trembling , and looked up to see the faces of two inquisition soldiers staring down at me , their white armor and robes lined with gold , their expressions hard as stone . 
 the king 's peacekeepers . 
 in desperation , i tried to summon the same power i 'd felt before my father died , but this time the energy did not course through me , and the world did not turn black and white , and no phantoms rose from the ground . 
 there was a girl standing beside the inquisitors . 
 i stared at her for a long moment before i finally believed the sight . 
 violetta . 
 my younger sister . 
 she looked as if she 'd been crying , and dark circles under her eyes marred her perfection . 
 there was a bruise on her cheek , turning blue and black . 
 `` is this your sister ? '' 
 one of the inquisitors asked her . 
 violetta looked silently at them , refusing to acknowledge the question-but violetta had never been able to lie well , and the recognition was obvious in her eyes . 
 the inquisitors shoved her aside and focused on me . 
 `` adelina amouteru , '' the other inquisitor said as they hauled me to my feet and bound my hands tightly behind my back . 
 `` by order of the king , you are under arrest - '' `` it was an accident '' - i gasped in protest - `` the rain , the horse - '' the inquisitor ignored me . 
 `` for the murder of your father , sir martino amouteru . '' 
 `` you said if i spoke for her , you would let her go , '' violetta snapped at them . 
 `` i spoke for her ! 
 she 's innocent ! '' 
 they paused for a moment as my sister clung to my arm . 
 she looked at me , her eyes full of tears . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , mi adelinetta , '' she whispered in anguish . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 they were on your trail-i never meant to help them - '' but you did . 
 i turned away from her , but i still caught myself gripping her arm in return until the inquisitors wrenched us apart . 
 i wanted to say to her , save me . 
 you have to find a way . 
 but i could n't find my voice . 
 me , me , me . 
 perhaps i was as selfish as my father . 
 that was weeks ago . 
 now you know how i ended up here , shackled to the wall of a wet dungeon cell with no windows and no light , without a trial , without a soul in the world . 
 this is how i first came to know of my abilities , how i turned to face the end of my life with the blood of my father staining my hands . 
 his ghost keeps me company . 
 every time i wake up from a feverish dream , i see him standing in the corner of my cell , laughing at me . 
 you tried to escape from me , he says , but i found you . 
 you have lost and i have won . 
 i tell him that i 'm glad he 's dead . 
 i tell him to go away . 
 but he stays . 
 it does n't matter , anyway . 
 i 'm going to die tomorrow morning . 
 enzo valenciano the dove arrives late in the night . 
 it lands on his gloved hand . 
 he turns away from the balcony and brings it inside . 
 there , he removes the tiny parchment from the dove 's leg , caresses the bird 's neck with one blood-flecked glove , and unfurls the message . 
 it is written in a beautiful , flowing script . 
 i 've found her . 
 come to dalia at once . 
 your faithful messenger he remains expressionless , but he folds the parchment and tucks it smoothly inside his armguard . 
 in the night , his eyes are nothing but darkness and shadow . 
 time to move . 
 they think they can keep me out , but it does not matter how many locks they hang at the entrance . 
 there is always another door . 
 - the thief who stole the stars , by tristan chirsley adelina amouteru footsteps in the dark corridor . 
 they stop right outside of my cell , and through the gap in the door 's bottom , an inquisitor slides in a pan of gruel . 
 it careers into a black puddle in the cell 's corner , and dirty water splashes into the food . 
 if you can call it such a thing . 
 `` your final meal , '' he announces through the door . 
 i can tell that he 's already walking off as he says , `` better eat up , little malfetto . 
 we 'll come for you within the hour . '' 
 his footsteps fade , then disappear altogether . 
 from the cell next to mine , a thin voice calls out for me . 
 `` girl , '' it whispers , making me shiver . 
 `` girl . '' 
 when i do n't respond , he asks , `` is it true ? 
 they say you 're one of them . 
 you 're a young elite . '' 
 silence . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 i stay quiet . 
 he laughs , the sound of a prisoner locked away for so long that his mind has begun to rot . 
 `` the inquisitors say you summoned the powers of a demon . 
 did you ? 
 were you twisted by the blood fever ? '' 
 his voice breaks off to hum a few lines of some folk song i do n't recognize . 
 `` maybe you can get me out of here . 
 what do you think ? 
 break me out ? '' 
 his words dissolve again into a fit of laughter . 
 i ignore him as best as i can . 
 a young elite . 
 the idea is so ridiculous , i feel a sudden urge to laugh along with my crazy dungeon mate . 
 still , i try once again to summon whatever strange illusion i 'd seen that night . 
 again , i fail . 
 hours pass . 
 actually , i have no idea how long it 's been . 
 all i know is that eventually i hear the footsteps of several soldiers coming down the winding stone steps . 
 the sound grows nearer , until there is the scrape of a key in my cell 's door and the creak of a rusty hinge . 
 they 're here . 
 two inquisitors enter my cell . 
 their faces are hidden in shadows beneath their hoods . 
 i scramble away from them , but they grab me and pull me to my feet . 
 they unlock my shackles , letting them fall to the floor . 
 i struggle with what little strength i have left . 
 this is n't real . 
 this is a nightmare . 
 this is n't a nightmare . 
 this is real . 
 they drag me up the stairs . 
 one level , two levels , three . 
 that 's how far underground i was . 
 here , the inquisition tower comes into better view-the floors change from wet , moldy stone into polished marble , the walls decorated with pillars and tapestries and the inquisition 's circular symbol , the eternal sun . 
 now i can finally hear the commotion coming from outside . 
 shouts , chanting . 
 my heart leaps into my throat , and suddenly i push back with my feet as hard as i can , my ruined riding boots squeaking in vain against the floor . 
 the inquisitors yank harder on my arms , forcing me to stumble forward . 
 `` keep moving , girl , '' one of them snaps at me , faceless under his hood . 
 then we 're stepping out of the tower , and for an instant , the world vanishes into blinding white . 
 i squint . 
 we must be in the central market square . 
 through my tearing vision , i make out an ocean of people , all of whom have come out to see me executed . 
 the sky is a beautiful , annoying blue , the clouds blinding in their brightness . 
 off in the distance , a stake of black iron looms in the center of a raised wooden platform , upon which a line of inquisitors wait . 
 even from here , i can see their circular emblems shining on their breastplates , their gloved hands resting on their sword hilts . 
 i try harder to drag my feet . 
 boos and angry shouts come from the crowd as the inquisitors lead me closer to the execution platform . 
 some throw rotten fruit at me , while others spit insults and curses at my face . 
 they wear rags , torn shoes , and dirty frocks . 
 so many poor and desperate , come to see me suffer in order to distract themselves from their own hungry lives . 
 i keep my gaze down . 
 the world is a blur , and i can not think . 
 before me , the stake that looked so far away now draws steadily nearer . 
 `` demon ! '' 
 someone yells at me . 
 i 'm hit in the face with something small and sharp . 
 a pebble , i think . 
 `` she 's a creature of evil ! '' 
 `` bringer of bad fortune ! '' 
 `` monster ! '' 
 `` abomination ! '' 
 i keep my eye closed as tightly as i can , but in my mind , everyone in the square looks like my father and they all have his voice . 
 i hate you all . 
 i imagine my hands at their throats , choking , silencing them , one by one . 
 i want peace and quiet . 
 something stirs inside me-i try to grab at it-but the energy disappears immediately . 
 my breath starts to come in ragged gasps . 
 i do n't know how long it takes for us to reach the platform , but it startles me when we do . 
 i 'm so weak at this point that i ca n't go up the stairs . 
 one of the inquisitors finally picks me up and swings me roughly over his shoulder . 
 he sets me down at the top of the platform , and then forces me toward the iron stake . 
 the stake is made of black iron , a dozen times as thick as a man 's arm , and a noose hangs from its top . 
 chains for hands and feet dangle from the stake 's sides . 
 piles of wood hide the bottom from view . 
 i see it all in a cloudy haze . 
 they shove me against the stake-they clap the chains onto my wrists and ankles , and loop the noose around my neck . 
 some in the crowd continue to chant curses at me . 
 others throw rocks . 
 i glance uneasily at the roofs that surround the square . 
 the chains feel cold against my skin . 
 i reach out in vain , again and again , in an attempt to call on something that can save me . 
 my chains rattle from my trembling . 
 as i look at the other inquisitors , my gaze settles on the youngest of them . 
 he stands front and center on the platform , his shoulders squared and chin high , his hands folded behind his back . 
 all i can see of his face is his profile . 
 `` master teren santoro , '' one of the other inquisitors now introduces him with formal flair . 
 `` lead inquisitor of kenettra . '' 
 master teren santoro ? 
 i look at him again . 
 the lead inquisitor of kenettra has come to see me die ? 
 teren approaches me now with calm , confident steps . 
 i shrink away from him until my back is pressed solidly against the iron stake . 
 my chains clink against each other . 
 he lowers his head to meet my gaze . 
 his white robes are embellished with more gold than the others i 've seen , definitely clothing befitting his status , and an elaborate chain of gold winds from shoulder to shoulder . 
 he 's surprisingly young . 
 his hair is the color of wheat , pale for a kenettran , and cut in a stylish fashion i have n't seen much in southern kenettra-shorter on the sides , fuller on the top , with a slender tail wrapped in gold metal trailing down the nape of his neck . 
 his face is lean and chiseled as if from marble , handsome in its coldness , and his eyes are pale blue . 
 very pale blue . 
 so pale that they seem colorless in the light . 
 something about them sends a chill down my spine . 
 there is madness in those eyes , something violent and savage . 
 he uses one delicately gloved hand to brush bloody strands of my hair from my face , and then lifts my chin . 
 he studies my scar . 
 the edges of his mouth tilt up into a strange , nearly sympathetic grin . 
 `` what a shame , '' he says . 
 `` you would have been a pretty little thing . '' 
 i jerk my chin out of his grasp . 
 `` a temperamental one too . '' 
 his words drip with pity . 
 `` you do n't have to be afraid . '' 
 then quietly , his face close to mine , `` you will find your redemption in the underworld . '' 
 he steps away from me , turns to the crowd , and raises his arms to call for silence . 
 `` settle now , my friends ! 
 i 'm sure we 're all excited . '' 
 when the crowd 's noise fades to a hush , he straightens , then clears his throat . 
 his words ring out across the square . 
 `` some of you may have noticed a recent rash of crimes on our streets . 
 crimes committed by people-twisted imitations of people-that feel more than ... human . 
 some of you have taken to calling these new outlaws ` young elites , ' as if they 're exceptional , worth something . 
 i 've come here today to remind you all that they are dangerous and demonic . 
 they are murderers , eager to kill their own loved ones . 
 they have no regard for law and order . '' 
 teren glances back at me . 
 the square has fallen deathly silent now . 
 `` let me reassure you : when we find these demons , we bring them to justice . 
 evil must be punished . '' 
 he scans the crowd . 
 `` the inquisition is here to protect you . 
 let this be a warning to you all . '' 
 i struggle feebly against my chains . 
 my legs are shaking violently . 
 i want to hide my body from all of these people , hide my flaws from their curious eyes . 
 is violetta somewhere in this crowd ? 
 i scan the faces for her , then look up toward the sky . 
 it 's such a beautiful day-how can the sky possibly be this blue ? 
 something wet rolls down my cheek . 
 my lip quivers . 
 gods , give me strength . 
 i am so afraid . 
 teren now takes a lit torch from one of his men . 
 he turns to me . 
 the sight of the fire sends a greater terror through my veins . 
 my struggles turn frantic . 
 i 'd fainted when the doctors removed my left eye with fire . 
 what kind of pain must it be to let fire consume your entire body ? 
 he touches his fingers to his forehead in a formal gesture of farewell . 
 then he tosses the torch onto the pile of wood at my feet . 
 it sends up a shower of sparks , and immediately the dry kindling catches fire . 
 the crowd erupts with cheers . 
 rage surges through me , mixing with my fear . 
 i 'm not dying here today . 
 this time , i reach deep into my mind and finally grasp the strange power i 've been searching for . 
 my heart closes desperately around it . 
 the world stops . 
 the flames freeze , their trails of fire left painted , unmoving , stripped of color , hanging black and white in the air . 
 the clouds in the sky stop floating by , and the breeze against my skin dies . 
 teren 's smile wavers as he whirls around to look at me . 
 the crowd stills , confused . 
 then something rips open inside my chest . 
 the world snaps back into place-the flames roar against the wood . 
 and overhead , the bright blue sky collapses into darkness . 
 the clouds turn black . 
 their outlines take on strange , frightening shapes , and through it all , the sun still shines , an eerie , bright beacon against a midnight canvas . 
 the crowd screams as night falls on all of us , and the inquisitors draw their swords , their heads tilted upward like the rest of ours . 
 i ca n't catch my breath . 
 i do n't know how to make it stop . 
 in the midst of the darkness and panic , something moves in the sky . 
 and just like that , the black clouds twist-they scatter into a swarm of a million moving flecks that swirl across the sky and then dive down , down , down at the crowd . 
 a nightmare of locusts . 
 they descend on us with merciless efficiency , their buzzing drowning out the people 's cries . 
 the inquisitors swing their swords uselessly at them . 
 the flames lick my feet , their heat searing me . 
 it 's coming for me-it 's going to devour me . 
 as i struggle to keep away from the flames , i notice the strangest thing . 
 the locusts come near , then pass straight through my body . 
 as if they are n't really there at all . 
 i watch the scene before me-the insects pass right through the inquisitors too , as well as the crowd of people below . 
 this is all an illusion , i suddenly realize . 
 just like the phantom silhouettes that attacked father . 
 none of it is real . 
 one inquisitor has staggered to his feet , his eyes burning from the smoke , and points his sword in my direction . 
 he lurches toward me . 
 i find my last reserves of strength and pull as hard as i can against my chains . 
 hot blood trickles down my wrists . 
 as i struggle , he draws closer , materializing from a sea of locusts and darkness . 
 suddenly - a rush of wind . 
 sapphire and silver . 
 the fire at my feet flickers out into curls of smoke . 
 something streaks across my vision . 
 a figure appears between me and the oncoming inquisitor , moving with deadly grace . 
 it 's a boy , i think . 
 who is this ? 
 this boy is not an illusion-i can sense his reality , the solidity of his figure that the black sky and the locusts do n't have . 
 he is clad in a whirlwind of hooded blue robes , and a metallic silver mask covers his entire face . 
 he crouches in front of me , every line of his body tense , his focus entirely on the inquisitor . 
 a long dagger gleams in each of his gloved hands . 
 the inquisitor skids to a halt before him . 
 uncertainty darts across his eyes . 
 `` stand aside , '' he snaps at the newcomer . 
 the masked boy cocks his head to one side . 
 `` how impolite , '' he mocks , his voice velvet and deep . 
 even in the midst of chaos , i can hear him . 
 the inquisitor lunges at him with his sword , but the boy dances out of its path and strikes with one of his daggers . 
 it buries itself deep into the inquisitor 's body . 
 the man 's eyes bulge-he lets out a squeal like a dying pig . 
 i 'm too stunned to utter a sound . 
 something in me sparks with strange delight . 
 inquisitors see the battle and rush to their fallen comrade . 
 they draw their swords at the boy . 
 he just nods at them , taunting them to come closer . 
 when they do , he slips through them like water between rocks , his body a streak of motion , blades flashing silver in the darkness . 
 one of the inquisitors nearly cuts him in half with a swing of his sword , but the boy slices the man 's hand clean off . 
 the sword clatters to the ground . 
 the boy kicks the fallen sword up into the air with one flick of his boot , then catches it and points it at the other inquisitors . 
 when i look harder , i notice that other masked figures flicker among the soldiers-others dressed in the same dark robes as the boy . 
 he did n't come here alone . 
 `` it 's the reaper ! '' 
 teren shouts , pointing at the boy with a drawn sword . 
 he starts heading toward us . 
 his pale eyes are mad with glee . 
 `` seize him ! '' 
 that name . 
 i 'd seen it before on the young elite carvings . 
 the reaper . 
 he 's one of them . 
 more inquisitors rush up the platform . 
 the boy pauses for a moment to look at them , his blades dripping with blood . 
 then he straightens , lifts one arm high over his head , and sweeps it down again in a cutting arc . 
 a column of fire explodes from his hands , slicing a line across the platform and dividing the soldiers from us with a wall of flame stretching high into the blackened sky . 
 shouts of terror come from behind the fiery curtain . 
 the boy approaches me . 
 i stare in fright at his hooded face and silver mask , the outline of his features lit by the inferno behind him . 
 the only part of his face not hidden by his mask are his eyes-hard , midnight dark , but alight with fire . 
 he does n't say a word . 
 instead , he kneels at my feet , then grabs the chains that shackle my ankles to the stake . 
 the chains in his grasp turn red , then white hot . 
 they quickly melt , leaving my legs freed . 
 he straightens and does the same to the noose around my neck , then to the chains binding my wrists . 
 black scorch marks on the walls . 
 bodies melted from the inside out . 
 my arm shackles break . 
 immediately i collapse , too weak to hold myself up , but the boy catches me and lifts me effortlessly into his arms . 
 i tense , half expecting him to sear my skin . 
 he smells like smoke , and heat emanates from every inch of his body . 
 my head leans wearily against his chest . 
 i 'm too tired to fight , but i still try . 
 my surroundings swim in an ocean of darkness . 
 the boy brings his face close to mine . 
 `` stay still , '' he whispers into my ear . 
 `` and hold on . '' 
 `` i can walk , '' i find myself muttering , but my words slur together and i 'm too exhausted to think clearly . 
 i think he 's taking me away from this place , but i ca n't concentrate . 
 as darkness descends , the last thing i remember is the silver insignia on his armguard . 
 the symbol of a dagger . 
 city of estenzia northern kenettra the sealands to the north , the snowy skylands . 
 to the south , the sweltering sunlands . 
 between them lie the island nations of the sealands , <br/> shaking , i do as he says . 
 i grasp the butterfly 's lone wing between two fingers and lift it into the air . 
 the glittering dust smears on my skin . 
 its legs scramble , still fighting . 
 my father smiles . 
 tears shine in violetta 's eyes . 
 she had not intended this . 
 she never intends anything . 
 `` good , '' he says . 
 `` rip off the wing . '' 
 `` do n't , father , '' violetta protests . 
 she puts her arms around him , trying to win him over . 
 but he ignores her . 
 i try not to cry . 
 `` i do n't want to , '' i whisper , but my words fade away at the look in my father 's eyes . 
 i take the butterfly 's wing between my fingers , then rip it from its body , my own heart tearing as i go . 
 its naked , pitiful form crawls in my palm . 
 something about it stirs a darkness within me . 
 `` kill it . '' 
 in a daze , i crush the creature under my thumb . 
 its broken carcass twitches slowly against my skin , before finally growing still . 
 violetta cries . 
 `` very good , adelina . 
 i like it when you embrace your true self . '' 
 he takes one of my hands in his . 
 `` did you enjoy that ? '' 
 i start to shake my head , but his eyes make me freeze . 
 he wants something out of me that i do n't know how to give . 
 my shake changes to a nod . 
 yes , i enjoyed that . 
 i loved it . 
 i will say anything to make you happy , just please do n't hurt me . 
 nothing happens , and my father 's scowl deepens . 
 `` there must be something more inside you , adelina . '' 
 he picks out my ring finger , then runs one hand along it . 
 my breaths quicken . 
 `` tell me i 've at least been given a malfetto daughter of some use . '' 
 i 'm confused . 
 i do n't know how to answer . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i finally manage to utter . 
 `` i did n't mean to upset her . 
 i just - '' `` no , no . 
 you ca n't help yourself . '' 
 he glances over his shoulder at my sister . 
 `` violetta , '' he says gently , nodding for her to come close . 
 she inches forward . 
 `` come . 
 let 's see if your sister has any value . '' 
 let 's see if she has any powers . 
 `` no , father , do n't - please - '' violetta begs , then tugs at his arm . 
 `` she did n't do anything . 
 we were just playing . '' 
 my heartbeat quickens to a frenzied pace . 
 we exchange a frantic look . 
 save me , violetta . 
 my father shakes her off , then turns his attention back to me and tightens his grip around my ring finger . 
 `` are you worthless like that butterfly , adelina ? '' 
 i shake my head in panic . 
 no . 
 please . 
 give me a chance . 
 `` so show me . 
 show me what you can do . '' 
 then he breaks my finger at the joint . 
 i bolt awake , a silent scream on my tongue . 
 my crooked finger throbs , as if it 'd been broken only a moment ago instead of six years earlier , and i rub it instinctively , trying as always to straighten it out . 
 dark tides churn in my stomach , the familiar ugliness that my father liked to nurture . 
 then i squint in the light . 
 where am i ? 
 sunlight slants into my unfamiliar bedchamber from arched windows , filling the space with a cream-colored haze , and gossamer curtains ripple in the breeze . 
 on a nearby table , an open book lies beside a quill and inkwell . 
 plates of jasmine blossoms sit on dressers and balcony ledges . 
 their sweet scent was probably the reason why i dreamed of my sister and me in our garden . 
 i shift gingerly , then realize i 'm lying in a bed piled high with blankets and embroidered pillows . 
 i blink , disoriented for a moment . 
 perhaps i died . 
 this room does n't really look like the waters of the underworld , though . 
 what had happened at the burning ? 
 i remember the inquisitors lined up on the platform , and my hands struggling against iron shackles . 
 i look down at my hands-white bandages cover both of my wrists , and when i move them , i can feel the burn of chafed skin underneath . 
 my torn , dirty clothes are gone now , replaced by a clean silk robe of blue and white . 
 who cleaned and changed me ? 
 i touch my head , then wince . 
 someone also wrapped a cloth tightly around my head , right where my father had pulled at my hair , and when i gingerly comb a hand through my hair , i realize that it 's been scrubbed clean of its filth . 
 i frown , trying to remember more . 
 teren , the lead inquisitor . 
 a beautiful , blue day . 
 there were the iron stake , the soldiers , and the lit torch . 
 they had thrown the torch onto the pile of wood at my feet . 
 and then i turned the sky black . 
 my eye widens as the memory comes rushing back . 
 a knock at my chamber door startles me . 
 `` come in , '' i call out , surprised at the sound of my voice . 
 it feels strange to give orders in a bedchamber that is n't my own . 
 i brush locks of my hair over the left side of my face , hiding my scar . 
 the door opens . 
 a young maid peers inside . 
 when she sees me , she brightens and comes bustling in , holding a tray laden with food and a glass of sparkling cordial . 
 flaky rose bread , still giving off warm clouds of steam ; a thick stew swimming with golden chunks of meat and potatoes ; iced fruit ; fat tarts of raspberry and egg . 
 the rich smell of butter and spices sends my head spinning-i have n't eaten real food in weeks . 
 i must look amazed at the slices of fresh peaches , because she smiles at me . 
 `` one of our traders connects us with the finest fruit trees in the golden valley , '' she explains . 
 she sets the tray on the dresser next to my bed and checks my bandages . 
 i find myself admiring her robe , like the merchant 's daughter that i am . 
 it 's made out of a shimmering satin trimmed with gold thread , very fine for a servant . 
 this is not coarse cloth you buy for a handful of copper lunes . 
 this is material worth real gold talents , imported straight from the sunlands . 
 `` i 'll send word that you 're awake , '' she says as she carefully unwinds the bandage on my head . 
 `` you look much better after a few days ' rest . '' 
 everything she says confuses me . 
 `` send word to whom ? 
 how long have i been asleep ? '' 
 the servant blushes . 
 when she touches her face with her hands , i notice how impeccably polished her nails are , her skin pampered and shiny from scented oils . 
 what place is this ? 
 i ca n't be in an ordinary household if the servants look as impressive as she does . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mistress amouteru , '' she replies . 
 so . 
 she also knows my name . 
 `` i 'm not sure how much i 'm allowed to tell you . 
 you 're safe , rest assured , and he should be here shortly to explain everything to you . '' 
 she pauses to reach toward the tray . 
 `` have a bite , young mistress . 
 you must be starving . '' 
 hungry as i am , i hesitate to eat her offering . 
 the fact that she seems to be treating my injuries does n't explain what she 's healing me for . 
 i think back to the woman who took me in after that night , how i thought she would help me . 
 how she threw me instead to the inquisition . 
 who knows what poisons might be in this food ? 
 `` i 'm not hungry , '' i lie with a polite smile . 
 `` i 'm sure i 'll feel up to it soon . '' 
 she returns my smile , and i think i see a hint of sympathy behind it . 
 `` you do n't need to pretend , '' she replies , patting my hand . 
 `` i 'll leave the tray here for when you 're ready . '' 
 she pauses at the sound of footsteps down the hall . 
 `` that must be him . 
 he must already know , '' she says . 
 she releases my hand and offers me a quick bow . 
 then she hurries toward the door . 
 but before she can leave , a boy steps inside . 
 something about him looks familiar . 
 an instant later , i realize i recognize his eyes-dark as midnight , with thick lashes . 
 this is my mysterious savior . 
 now , instead of wearing that silver mask and his hooded robes , he 's clad in finely spun linen and a black velvet doublet trimmed with gold , clothing exquisite enough to belong to the wealthiest aristocrats . 
 he 's tall . 
 he has the warm brown skin of northern kenettrans , and his cheekbones are high , his face narrow and beautiful . 
 but his hair holds my attention the most . 
 it looks dark red in the light , so dark it 's almost black , a rich shade of blood that i 've never seen before , tied back into a short , loose tail at the nape of his neck . 
 it is a color not of this world . 
 he 's marked , just like me . 
 the maid curtsies low for him and mumbles something i ca n't quite catch . 
 her face flushes scarlet . 
 the tone she uses now is distinctly different from the tone she 'd just used with me-where before she seemed relaxed , she now sounds meek and nervous . 
 the boy nods once in return . 
 the maid needs no second dismissal ; she curtsies again and immediately scurries into the hall . 
 my unease grows . 
 after all , i saw him toy with an entire squadron of inquisitors , grown men trained in the art of war , with no effort at all . 
 he walks around the chamber with that same deadly grace i remember . 
 when he sees me struggling to a better sitting position , he waves one hand in nonchalance . 
 a gold ring flashes on his finger . 
 `` please , '' he says , glancing at me from the corner of his eyes . 
 `` be at ease . '' 
 i now recognize his voice too , soft and deep , sophisticated , a layer of velvet hiding secrets . 
 he seats himself in a cushioned chair near the edge of my bed . 
 here he leans back and stretches out his body , rests his chin against one hand , and lets his other hand remain on a dagger hilt at his waist . 
 even indoors , he wears a pair of thin gloves , and when i look closer , i notice tiny flecks of blood on their surface . 
 a chill runs down my spine . 
 he does n't smile . 
 `` you 're part tamouran , '' he says after a moment of silence . 
 i blink . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 `` amouteru is a tamouran family name , not a kenettran one . '' 
 why does this boy know so much about the sunlands ? 
 amouteru is not a common tamouran surname . 
 `` there are many tamouran immigrants in southern kenettra , '' i finally answer . 
 `` you must have a tamouran baby name , then . '' 
 he says this casually , idle chitchat that sounds strange to me after all that 's happened . 
 `` my mother used to call me kami gourgaem , '' i reply . 
 `` her ` little wolf . ' '' 
 he tilts his head slightly . 
 `` interesting choice . '' 
 his question brings back an old memory of my mother , months before the blood fever hit . 
 you have your father 's fire in you , kami gourgaem , she said , cupping my chin in her warm hands . 
 she smiled at me in a way that hardened her usually soft demeanor . 
 then she leaned down and kissed my forehead . 
 i 'm glad . 
 you will need it in this world . 
 `` my mother just thought wolves were pretty , '' i reply . 
 he studies me with quiet curiosity . 
 a thin trickle of sweat rolls down my back . 
 i get the vague sense again that i 've seen him somewhere before , somewhere other than the burning . 
 `` you must be wondering where you are , little wolf . '' 
 `` yes , please , '' i reply , sweetening my words to let him know that i 'm harmless . 
 `` i 'd be grateful to know . '' 
 the last thing i need is for a killer with blood-flecked gloves to dislike me . 
 his expression remains distant and guarded . 
 `` you 're in the middle of estenzia . '' 
 i catch my breath . 
 `` estenzia ? '' 
 the port capital of kenettra that sits on the northern coast of the country-it 's perhaps the farthest city from dalia-and the place i 'd originally wanted to escape to . 
 i have an urge to rush out of bed and look out the open window at this fabled city , but i force myself to keep my focus on the young aristocrat seated across from me , to hide my sudden excitement . 
 `` and who are you ? '' 
 i say to him . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 i remember to add . 
 he bows his head once . 
 `` enzo , '' he replies . 
 `` they called you ... that is , at the burning ... they said you 're the reaper . '' 
 `` i 'm also known as that , yes . '' 
 the hairs rise on the back of my neck . 
 `` why did you save me ? '' 
 his face relaxes for the first time as a small , amused smile emerges on his lips . 
 `` some would thank me first . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 why did you save me ? '' 
 the intensity of enzo 's stare turns my cheeks pink . 
 `` let me ease you into that answer . '' 
 he uncrosses his legs , his boot hitting the floor , and leans forward . 
 now i can see that the gold ring on his finger bears the simple engraving of a diamond shape . 
 `` the morning of your burning . 
 was that the first time you 've ever created something unnatural ? '' 
 i pause before i answer . 
 should i lie ? 
 but then he would know-he 'd been there at my burning ; he knew what i 'd been arrested for . 
 so i decide to tell the truth . 
 `` no . '' 
 he considers my answer for a moment . 
 then he holds one of his gloved hands out to me . 
 he snaps his fingers . 
 a small flame bursts to life on his fingertips , licking hungrily at the air above it . 
 unlike whatever it was that i created during my burning , this fire feels real , its heat distorting the space above it and warming my cheeks . 
 violent memories of my execution day flash through my mind . 
 i shrink away from the fire in terror . 
 the wall of flames he pulled from midair during my burning . 
 that was real too . 
 enzo twists his wrist , and the flame dies out , leaving only a tiny wisp of smoke . 
 my heart beats weakly . 
 `` when i was twelve years old , '' he says , `` the blood fever finally hit estenzia . 
 it swept in and out within a year . 
 i was the only one in my family affected . 
 a year after the doctors pronounced me recovered , i still could not control my body 's warmth . 
 i 'd turn desperately feverish one moment , freezing cold the next . 
 and then , one day , this . '' 
 he looks down at his hand , then back to me . 
 `` what 's your story ? '' 
 i open my mouth , then close it . 
 it makes sense . 
 the fever had struck the country in waves for a full decade , starting with my home city of dalia and ending here , in estenzia . 
 out of all the kenettran cities , estenzia had been hit the hardest-forty thousand dead , and another forty thousand marked for life . 
 nearly a third of their population , when put together . 
 the city 's still struggling to get back on its feet . 
 `` that 's a very personal story to tell someone you just met , '' i manage to reply . 
 he meets my stare with unwavering calm . 
 `` i 'm not telling you my story so that you can get to know me , '' he says . 
 i blush against my will . 
 `` i 'm telling you to offer you a deal . '' 
 `` you 're one of ... '' `` and so are you , '' enzo says . 
 `` you can create illusions . 
 needless to say , you caught my attention . '' 
 when he sees my skeptical look , he continues , `` word has it that the temples in dalia have been overflowing with terrified worshippers ever since the stunt with your father . '' 
 i can create illusions . 
 i can summon images that are n't really there and i can make people believe they are real . 
 a sickening feeling crawls from my stomach to the surface of my skin . 
 you are a monster , adelina . 
 i instinctively brush my hand down my arm , as if attempting to rid myself of a disease . 
 my father tried so hard to provoke something like this in me . 
 now it 's here . 
 and he is dead . 
 enzo waits patiently for me to speak again . 
 i do n't know how much time passes before i finally murmur , `` i was four years old when i caught the blood fever . 
 the doctors had to remove one of my eyes . '' 
 i hesitate . 
 `` i 've only done ... this ... twice before . 
 nothing seemed out of the ordinary during my childhood . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` some manifest powers later than others , but our stories are the same . 
 i know what it 's like to grow up marked , adelina . 
 all of us understand what it is like to be abominations . '' 
 `` all of us ? '' 
 i ask . 
 my mind wanders again to the black market 's wooden carvings , to the growing rumors of the young elites . 
 `` there are others ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 from around the world . '' 
 the windwalker . 
 magiano . 
 the alchemist . 
 `` who are they ? 
 how many ? '' 
 `` few , but growing . 
 in the ten or so years since the blood fever died down in kenettra , some of us have started making our presence known . 
 a strange sighting here , an odd witness there . 
 seven years ago , villagers in triese di mare stoned a little girl to death because she had covered the local pond with ice in the middle of summer . 
 five years ago , people in udara set fire to a boy because he had made a bouquet of flowers bloom right before his sweetheart 's eyes . '' 
 he tightens his gloves , and my eye again darts to the bloody flecks that coat the leather . 
 `` as you can see , i kept my abilities a secret for obvious reasons . 
 it was n't until i met another who also possessed strange powers given to him by the fever that i changed my mind . '' 
 `` so . 
 you 're a young elite . '' 
 there . 
 i 've said it aloud . 
 `` a name the people invented to refer to our youth and our unnatural abilities . 
 the inquisition hates it . '' 
 enzo smiles , a lazy expression of mischief . 
 `` i am the leader of the dagger society , a group of young elites who seek out others like ourselves before the inquisition can . 
 but we are not the only elites-there are many others , i 'm sure , scattered all across the world . 
 my goal is to unite us . 
 burnings like yours happen every time the inquisition thinks they 've found a young elite . 
 some people abandon their own marked family members because they 're afraid of ` bad luck . ' 
 the king uses malfettos as an excuse for his poor rule . 
 as if we are to blame for the state of his impoverished nation . 
 if we do n't fight back , the king and his inquisition axis will kill us all , every child marked by the fever . '' 
 his eyes harden . 
 `` but we do fight back . 
 do n't we , adelina ? '' 
 his words remind me of the strange whispers that have accompanied my illusions-something dark and vengeful , tempting and powerful . 
 a weight presses on my chest . 
 i am afraid . 
 intrigued . 
 `` what will you do ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 enzo leans back and looks out the window . 
 `` we will seize the throne , of course . '' 
 he sounds almost indifferent , like he 's talking about his breakfast . 
 he wants to kill the king ? 
 what about the inquisition ? 
 `` that 's impossible , '' i breathe . 
 he gives me a sideways look , something simultaneously curious and threatening . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 my skin tingles . 
 i peer closer at him . 
 then , suddenly , i cover my mouth with one hand . 
 i know where i 've seen him before . 
 `` you - '' i stammer . 
 `` you 're the prince . '' 
 no wonder he looks familiar . 
 i 'd seen many portraits of kenettra 's firstborn prince as a child . 
 he was the crown prince back then , our future king . 
 the word was that he had nearly died from the blood fever . 
 he came out of it marked instead . 
 unfit to be heir to the throne . 
 that was the last we all heard about him , really . 
 after his father the king died , enzo 's older sister stripped enzo of his crown and banished him permanently from the palace , never again to set foot near the royal family . 
 her husband , a powerful duke , became king . 
 i lower my gaze . 
 `` your royal highness , '' i say , bowing my head . 
 enzo replies with a single , subtle nod . 
 `` now you know the real reason why the king and queen denounce malfettos . 
 it makes malfettos look like abominations , and it keeps me unfit for the throne . '' 
 my hands start to tremble . 
 now i understand . 
 he is assembling a team , a team to help him reclaim his birthright . 
 enzo leans close enough for me to see slashes of a brilliant red in his eyes . 
 `` i make you this offer , adelina amouteru . 
 you can spend the rest of your life on the run , friendless and alone , always fearful of the inquisition axis finding you and bringing you to justice for a crime you did not commit . 
 or we can see if you belong with us . 
 the gifts the fever left with you are not as unreliable as they might seem . 
 there is a rhythm and science to controlling your power . 
 there 's reason behind the chaos . 
 if you wish , you can learn control . 
 and you will be well paid for it . '' 
 when i stay silent , enzo lifts one gloved hand and touches my chin . 
 `` how many times have you been called an abomination ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 `` a monster ? 
 worthless ? '' 
 too many times . 
 `` then let me tell you a secret . '' 
 he shifts so that his lips are close to my ear . 
 a shiver dances down my spine . 
 `` you are not an abomination . 
 you are not merely a malfetto . 
 that is why they fear you . 
 the gods gave us powers , adelina , because we are born to rule . '' 
 a million thoughts run through my mind-memories of my childhood , visions of my father and my sister , of the inquisition 's dungeons , the iron stake , teren 's pale eyes , the crowd chanting against me . 
 i remember how i always crouched at the top of my stairs , pretending to rule from on high . 
 i can rise above all of this , if i become one of them . 
 they can keep me safe . 
 suddenly , in the presence of this young elite , the power of the inquisition axis seems very far away . 
 i can tell that enzo is watching how my hair and lashes shift colors ever so slightly with the light . 
 his gaze lingers where my hair hides the scarred side of my face . 
 i blush . 
 he reaches out a hand . 
 it falters there , as if waiting for me to shy away , but i stay very still until he finally touches my hair and tucks it carefully away from my face , exposing my imperfections . 
 heat rushes instantly from his fingertips through my body , a thrilling sensation that sends my heart pounding . 
 he says nothing for a while . 
 then , he pulls the glove off one of his hands . 
 i gasp . 
 underneath the leather , his hand is a mass of burned flesh , most of it healed over in thick layers of hideous scar tissue that must have accumulated over the years , while a few spots still remain red and angry . 
 he replaces the glove , transforming the awful sight into one of black leather and flecks of blood . 
 of power . 
 `` embellish your flaws , '' he says softly . 
 `` they will turn into your assets . 
 and if you become one of us , i will teach you to wield them like an assassin wields a knife . '' 
 his eyes narrow . 
 his subtle smile turns dangerous . 
 `` so . 
 tell me , little wolf . 
 do you want to punish those who have wronged you ? '' 
 teren santoro late afternoon in estenzia . 
 teren waits behind a pillar lining the palace 's main courtyard , his heart in his throat , the white of his lead inquisitor cloak blending in with the marble . 
 shadows and sunlight play on his face . 
 farther up the courtyard 's path and partially hidden from view by rose vines , the queen of kenettra walks alone , her dark hair piled high on her head in a tumble of curls , her skin a warm hue under the sun . 
 her majesty , queen giulietta i of kenettra . 
 teren waits until she 's close enough . 
 when she walks past , he grabs her wrist and pulls her gently into the shadows behind the pillar . 
 the queen lets out a soft gasp , then smiles at the sight of him . 
 `` you 're back from dalia , '' she whispers . 
 `` and up to your boyish antics , i see . '' 
 teren presses her tightly against the pillar . 
 his lips brush against the skin of her neck . 
 her dress seems cut particularly low today , emphasizing the swell of her breasts , and he wonders with a surge of jealousy whether she wears it as temptation for the king-or for him . 
 the king is a grown man , well into his forties . 
 teren is nineteen . 
 does she like me for my youth ? 
 perhaps she sees me as a boy , four years too young for her . 
 he marvels again at how lucky he is , to have drawn the attention of royalty . 
 `` i returned last night , '' he whispers back . 
 he kisses her deeply . 
 `` you asked to see me , your majesty ? '' 
 the queen lets out a sigh as he kisses the line of her jaw . 
 her fingers run along the grooves of his silver belt , and he arcs toward her in longing . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she stops him for a moment to give him a level look . 
 her eyes are very dark , so dark that sometimes they seem wholly empty . 
 like he could fall to his death in them . 
 `` so . 
 did they take her ? '' 
 `` they did . '' 
 `` and will you be able to find her again ? '' 
 teren nods once . 
 `` i do n't know what curse the gods have brought down on us , to give us demons like this , but i promise you-she will be our advantage . 
 she 'll lead me to them . 
 i 've already gathered five patrols of my best men . '' 
 `` and the girl 's sister ? 
 you mentioned her in your report . '' 
 teren bows his head . 
 `` yes , your majesty . 
 violetta amouteru is in my custody . '' 
 he smiles briefly . 
 `` she 's unharmed . '' 
 the queen nods in approval . 
 she reaches out and undoes a clasp on his uniform 's collar , exposing the hollow of his throat , then traces it with one slender finger . 
 a breath escapes him . 
 gods , i want you . 
 i love you . 
 i 'm not worthy of you . 
 she tightens her lips , lost in her own thoughts , and then meets his eyes again . 
 `` let me know when you find the girl . 
 i dislike the embarrassment these elites are making of the crown . '' 
 i would do anything for you . 
 `` as you command , your majesty . '' 
 giulietta touches his cheek affectionately . 
 her hand is cold . 
 `` the king will be pleased to hear it , as soon as he climbs out of his mistress 's bed . '' 
 she emphasizes her last words . 
 teren 's mood darkens at that . 
 the king is supposed to be meeting with his council right now-not frolicking in bed with a lover . 
 he 's no king . 
 he 's a duke the queen was forced to marry . 
 a loud , arrogant , disrespectful duke . 
 he lowers his lips to hers , then steals another long kiss . 
 his voice turns tender and aching . 
 `` when can you come to me again ? 
 please . '' 
 `` i 'll come to you tonight . '' 
 she gives him a careful smile , one full of calculated secrets . 
 it is the smile of someone who knows exactly what to say to a boy soldier madly in love . 
 she pulls him close enough to whisper in his ear . 
 `` i 've missed you too . '' 
 there are four places where the spirits still wander ... <br/> i recognize the speakers immediately . 
 enzo and my maid . '' 
 - business to attend to . 
 mistress amouteru . 
 how is she ? '' 
 `` much better . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` what should i do with her today , your highness ? 
 she is well now , and growing restless . 
 shall i take her around the court ? '' 
 a brief pause . 
 i imagine enzo tightening his gloves , his face turned away from the maid , looking as disinterested as he sounds . 
 finally : `` bring her to raffaele . '' 
 `` yes , your highness . '' 
 the conversation ends there . 
 i hear footsteps echoing down the hall outside , then fading away and disappearing altogether . 
 a strange disappointment hits me at the thought that enzo wo n't be around . 
 i 'd hoped to ask him more questions . 
 the court , that 's what the maid had called this building where we 're all staying . 
 what kind of court ? 
 a royal estate ? 
 who is raffaele ? 
 i stay in bed and wait until the maid bustles in . 
 `` good morning , mistress , '' she says from behind an armful of silks and a bowl of steaming water . 
 `` look at that ! 
 so much pink in your cheeks . 
 lovely . '' 
 how odd , someone complimenting me all the time and catering to my every whim . 
 but i smile my thanks . 
 as she scrubs me all over and then dresses me in the white and blue shift , i comb strands of hair across my missing eye . 
 i wince when she runs a brush along the injured part of my scalp . 
 finally , we 're ready . 
 she guides me toward the door , and i take a deep breath as i step out of my bedchamber for the first time . 
 we head down a narrow hallway that branches into two . 
 i study the walls . 
 paintings of the gods adorn them , tales of beautiful pulchritas emerging from the sea and young laetes falling from the heavens , the colors as vivid as if they had been commissioned only a week ago . 
 veined marble outlines the ceiling 's arch . 
 i stare at the hall for so long that i start to fall behind , and only when the maid calls for me to hurry do i turn my gaze away and quicken my steps . 
 as we walk , i try to think of something to say to her-but every time i open my mouth , the maid smiles politely at me and then looks away in disinterest . 
 i decide to stay quiet . 
 we take another turn , and then abruptly stop before what seems like a solid wall and a line of pillars . 
 she runs a hand along one side of a pillar , then pushes against the wall . 
 i watch , stunned , as the wall swings aside to reveal a new hall behind it . 
 `` come , young mistress , '' the maid says over her shoulder . 
 dumbstruck , i follow her . 
 the wall closes behind us , as if nothing had ever existed beyond it . 
 the longer we walk , the more curious i grow . 
 the layout makes sense , of course . 
 if this is a place where the young elites stay-assassins wanted by the inquisition-then they would n't have a door you could simply enter and exit straight from the street . 
 the elites are a secret hidden behind the walls of another building . 
 but what is this court ? 
 the maid finally stops at a tall set of doors at the end of a hall . 
 the double doors are elaborately engraved with an image of amare and fortuna , god of love and goddess of prosperity , locked in an intimate embrace . 
 i suck in my breath . 
 now i know where i am . 
 this place is a brothel . 
 the maid pulls the double doors open . 
 we step into a gloriously decorated sitting room with a door along its walls that likely leads into a bedchamber . 
 the thought reddens my cheeks . 
 part of the room is open to a lush courtyard . 
 translucent lengths of silk drape low from the ceiling , stirring slightly , and trails of silver chimes sing in the breeze . 
 the scent of jasmine hangs on the air . 
 the maid knocks on the bedchamber door . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 someone answers . 
 even muffled through the doorway , i can tell how unusually lovely the voice is . 
 like a minstrel 's . 
 the maid bows her head , even though there 's no one but me to witness it . 
 `` mistress amouteru is here to see you . '' 
 silence . 
 then i hear the soft shuffle of feet , and a moment later , the door opens . 
 i find myself staring up at a boy who leaves me speechless . 
 a famous poet from the sunlands once described a beautiful face as `` one kissed by moon and water , '' an ode to our three moons and the loveliness of their light on the ocean . 
 he gave exactly two people this compliment : his mother , and the last princess of the feishen empire . 
 if he were alive to see who i 'm now looking at , he would add him as a third . 
 moon and water must love this boy desperately . 
 his hair , black and shining , drapes across one of his shoulders in a loose , silken braid . 
 his olive skin is smooth , flawless , glowing . 
 the faint musk of night lilies envelops him in a veil , intoxicating , promising something forbidden . 
 i 'm so distracted by his appearance that it takes me a moment to notice his marking-under canopies of long , dark lashes , one of his eyes is the color of honey under sunlight , while the other is the brilliant summer green of an emerald . 
 the maid nods a hurried farewell to us both , then disappears down the hall , leaving us alone . 
 the boy smiles at me , exposing dimples . 
 `` it 's good to meet you , mi adelinetta . '' 
 he takes my hands and leans down to kiss me on each cheek . 
 i shiver at the softness of his lips . 
 his hands are cool and smooth , his fingers slender and encircled with thin gold rings , his nails gleaming . 
 his voice is as lyrical as it sounded through the door . 
 `` i 'm raffaele . '' 
 a movement behind him distracts me . 
 despite the dimly lit bedchamber , i make out the smooth outlines of another person turning over in his bed , his short brown locks catching the light . 
 i glance back at raffaele . 
 it 's a brothel , naturally . 
 raffaele must be a client . 
 raffaele notices my hesitation , then blushes and lowers his lashes in a single sweep . 
 never in my life have i seen such a graceful gesture . 
 `` apologies . 
 my work frequently continues until morning . '' 
 `` oh , '' i manage to reply . 
 i 'm a fool . 
 he is n't the client at all . 
 the man inside is the client , and raffaele is the consort . 
 with a face like his , i should have known immediately-but to me , a consort means a street prostitute . 
 poor , desperate workers selling themselves on the sides of roads and in brothels . 
 not a work of art . 
 raffaele looks back at his bedchamber again , and when it seems like his client has fallen back into a deep slumber , he steps outside and closes the door without a sound . 
 `` merchant princes tend to sleep late , '' he says with a delicate smile . 
 then he nods at me to follow him . 
 i marvel at the simple elegance of his movements , fine-tuned to perfection in the way i suppose a high-class consort would be . 
 does this entire sitting room and courtyard belong to him ? 
 `` sensing your energy this close is a bit overwhelming , '' he says . 
 `` you can sense me ? '' 
 `` i was the one who first discovered you . '' 
 i frown at that . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 raffaele guides us out of the sitting room and into the hall , until we reach a large courtyard of fountains . 
 the breeze combs through his hair , revealing several brilliant sapphire strands glistening under the black , jeweled lines moving against a night canvas . 
 a second marking . 
 `` the night you ran away from home , '' he says as we walk , `` you paused in dalia 's central market . '' 
 i recoil at the memory . 
 my father 's rain-washed face , split into a menacing grin , flashes before me . 
 `` yes , '' i whisper . 
 `` enzo sent me to southern kenettra for several months , to find those like you . 
 i could sense you the instant i arrived in dalia . 
 your pull was faint , though , something that came and went , and it took me several weeks to narrow my search to your district . '' 
 raffaele pauses before the largest fountain in the courtyard . 
 `` but the first time i saw you was in that market . 
 i watched you ride off into the rain . 
 naturally , i sent word back to his highness right away . '' 
 someone had indeed been watching me that night . 
 a boy who can sense those like me-like us . 
 that must be his ability , just like enzo to fire , myself to illusion . 
 `` you recruit young elites for the dagger society , then ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 they call me the messenger , and the hunt is always an adventure . 
 of every thousand malfettos , there 's that one . 
 after a potential recruit falls into the inquisition 's hands , though , it 's difficult to save them in time . 
 you 're the first we 've pulled straight from their grasp . '' 
 raffaele winks a jewel-toned eye at me . 
 `` congratulations . '' 
 the reaper . 
 the messenger . 
 a society full of double names and hidden meanings . 
 i take a deep breath , wondering about the other names i 've heard rumors of . 
 `` no one told me this place was a ... a brothel , '' i say . 
 `` a pleasure court , '' raffaele specifies . 
 `` brothels are for the poor and tasteless . '' 
 `` a pleasure court , '' i echo . 
 `` our clients come to us for music and conversation , beauty and laughter and wit . 
 they dine and drink with us . 
 they forget their worries . '' 
 he smiles demurely . 
 `` sometimes outside the bedchamber . 
 sometimes within . '' 
 i give him a wary , sidelong look . 
 `` and i 'm hoping i do n't have to become a consort to join the dagger society ? 
 not to offend you , of course , '' i add in a hurry . 
 raffaele 's gentle laugh answers me . 
 like everything else about him , his laughter is perfectly refined , as lovely as summer bells , a sound that fills my heart with light . 
 `` where you sleep is not who you are . 
 you are n't of age , mi adelinetta . 
 no one at the fortunata court will force you to service clients-unless , of course , such work interests you . '' 
 my face burns at the suggestion . 
 raffaele leads us around the side of the courtyard . 
 out here , the wind brings with it the sweet scent of spring . 
 i can tell that the brothel-pleasure court-is situated on the side of a rolling hill , and when we reach a good outlook , i glimpse the city below . 
 i catch my breath . 
 estenzia . 
 redbrick domes and wide , clean roads . 
 curving spires , sweeping archways . 
 narrow side streets overgrown with colorful flowers and vines . 
 towering monuments that gleam in the sun . 
 people bustling from building to building , horses pulling carts loaded with casks and crates . 
 marble statues of the twelve gods and angels , their feet draped with flowers , line the main squares . 
 hundreds of ships pull into and out of the harbor , fat galleons and thin , quicksilver caravelas , their shining sails brown and white against the deep blue of the sea , their flags a rainbow of kingdoms from all over the world . 
 floating gondolas glide between them , fireflies among giants . 
 a bell chimes somewhere in the distance . 
 off at the horizon , the misty outlines of a chain of islets appear before the flatness of the sun sea . 
 and up in the sky - i gasp in delight as an enormous creature resembling an ocean ray glides lazily across the city 's harbor , its fleshy wings smooth and translucent in the light , its tail stretched out behind it in a long line . 
 someone-a tiny speck nearly lost from sight-rides on its back . 
 the creature lets out a haunting note that echoes across the city . 
 `` a balira ! '' 
 i exclaim . 
 raffaele glances over his shoulder at me , his gesture so smooth and regal that one could mistake him for royalty . 
 he smiles at my joy . 
 `` i would think you 'd often see them shipping cargo in dalia , given your location near the waterfall arc . '' 
 `` never this close . '' 
 `` i see . 
 well , we have warm , shallow waters , so they gather here in the summer to give birth . 
 you 'll see your fill , trust me . '' 
 i shake my head and continue to take in the scene . 
 `` the city 's beautiful . '' 
 `` only to a newcomer . '' 
 his smile fades . 
 `` we are not like the skyland nations , where the blood fever was mild and where their few marked people are celebrated . 
 estenzia was devastated by the fever . 
 she has suffered ever since . 
 trade is down . 
 pirates plague our routes . 
 the city grows poorer , and the people are hungry . 
 malfettos are the scapegoats . 
 a malfetto girl was killed just yesterday , stabbed to death in the streets . 
 the inquisition turns a blind eye . '' 
 my excitement wanes . 
 when i look again at the city below us , i notice the many boarded-up shops , the beggars , the white cloaks of inquisitors . 
 i turn away uncomfortably . 
 `` the story 's not much different in dalia , '' i mutter . 
 a brief silence . 
 `` where are the other elites ? '' 
 we come upon a blank wall of stone behind a narrow corner of the courtyard , situated in such a way that you 'd never think to stop here unless you knew better . 
 raffaele runs his fingers along the wall before pushing against it-and to my surprise , it slides silently open . 
 a cold rush of air greets us . 
 i peer inside . 
 stairs of weathered stone wind their way down into the darkness . 
 `` do n't think of them , '' he replies . 
 `` today , it is just you and me . '' 
 a strange , pleasant tingle runs down my neck . 
 he says no more , and i decide not to press him for more information . 
 we head into the gloom . 
 raffaele pulls a small lantern from the wall and lights it , and the dim glow cuts black and orange shapes into the darkness . 
 all i can see are the steps right before me and the folds of raffaele 's robes . 
 a pleasure court with so many secret spaces . 
 after a while , the stairs come to an end in front of another blank wall . 
 raffaele unlocks this one too . 
 it opens with a heavy groan . 
 we step into a room lit by patches of light from a grating in its ceiling , the glow illuminating motes of dust floating in the air . 
 moss covers the grating 's bars . 
 in one corner , a table is overflowing with parchments and maps , strange orreries depicting the paths of the moons , and illuminated books . 
 the space smells cool , damp . 
 raffaele walks over to the table and pushes some of his papers aside . 
 `` do n't be alarmed , '' he says . 
 i suddenly tense . 
 `` why ? 
 what are we doing here ? '' 
 raffaele does n't look at me . 
 instead , he opens a drawer in the table and takes out several different kinds of stones . 
 stones actually is n't the best word . 
 these are gems , raw and unpolished , freshly broken from the earth . 
 something seems familiar about this setup . 
 yes , i remember now-operators on the streets will , for two copper lunes , place painted stones before a child and then tell him about his personality . 
 `` are we playing some kind of game ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` not quite . '' 
 he rolls up his sleeves . 
 `` before you can become one of us , you must pass a series of tests . 
 today is the first of those tests . '' 
 i try to look calm . 
 `` and what 's the test ? '' 
 `` every elite responds to energy in a unique way , and every elite has a different strength and weakness . 
 some people respond to strength and bravery . 
 others are wise and logical . 
 still others are ruled by passion . '' 
 he glances down at the gems . 
 `` today , we 're going to figure out who you are . 
 how your specific energy connects to the world . '' 
 `` and what are the gemstones for ? '' 
 `` we are the children of gods and angels . '' 
 a kind smile touches raffaele 's face . 
 `` it 's said that gems are lingering reminders of where the gods ' hands touched the earth during creation . 
 certain gems will call to the specific type of energy that flows in you . 
 they work best in their natural form . '' 
 raffaele holds up one of the gems . 
 in the light , it looks jagged and clear . 
 `` diamond , for instance . '' 
 he puts it down and picks up another , this one with a blue tint . 
 `` veritium too . 
 there 's prase quartz , moonstone , opal , aquamarine . '' 
 he lays out one after another . 
 finally , twelve different gems sit on the table , each glinting a different color under the light . 
 `` and nightstone , '' he finishes . 
 `` one for each of the gods and angels . 
 some will call to you more than others . '' 
 i look on , now more confused than wary . 
 `` why do you tell me not to be alarmed ? '' 
 `` because in a moment , you 're going to feel something very strange . '' 
 raffaele holds out a hand to me , gesturing for me to stand in the center of the room . 
 then he starts placing the gemstones in a careful circle around me . 
 `` do n't fight it . 
 just calm yourself and let the energy flow . '' 
 i hesitate , then nod . 
 he finishes placing the gems . 
 i turn in place , looking at each of them with rising curiosity . 
 raffaele steps back , observes me for a moment , and then crosses his arms with a sweep of silk sleeves . 
 `` now , i want you to relax . 
 clear your mind . '' 
 i take a deep breath , then try to do as he says . 
 silence . 
 nothing happens . 
 i still my thoughts , thinking of calm water , of night . 
 nearby , raffaele lowers his head in a nearly imperceptible nod . 
 i feel an odd tingling in my arms and at the back of my head . 
 when i look down at the stones , i now see that five of them have started to glow , as if lit from within , in shades of crimson , white , blue , orange , and black . 
 raffaele glides around me in a slow circle , his eyes alight with curiosity . 
 the way he 's circling me feels almost predatory , especially when he passes to the weak side of my vision and i have to turn my face in order to keep him in view . 
 he lifts one foot slightly , his bejeweled slipper pushing away each stone that did not glow . 
 he picks up the five remaining stones , returns to the desk , and lays them carefully out . 
 diamond , roseite , veritium , amber , nightstone . 
 i bite my lip , impatient to find out what the five mean . 
 `` good . 
 now , i want you to look at the diamond . '' 
 for a moment , raffaele does n't move . 
 all he does is stare straight at me , his gaze calm and level , his hands slack at his sides . 
 the distance between us seems to hum with life . 
 i try to concentrate on the stone and keep myself from trembling . 
 raffaele tilts his head . 
 i gasp . 
 a rush of energy courses through me , something strong and light that threatens to carry me off my feet . 
 i steady myself against the wall . 
 a memory rushes through my mind , so vivid and bright that i could swear i was reliving it : i am eight years old , and violetta is six . 
 we run out to greet our father , who has just returned from a monthlong trip to estenzia . 
 he picks up violetta , laughs , and spins her in a circle . 
 she squeals in delight as i stand by . 
 later that afternoon , i challenge violetta to a race through the trees behind our home . 
 i pick a route that is full of rocks and crevices , knowing full well that she has just recovered from a fever and is still weak . 
 when violetta trips over a root , skinning her knees , i smile and do n't stop to help her . 
 i keep running , running , running until the wind and i become one . 
 i do n't need my father to spin me in a circle . 
 i can already fly . 
 later that night , i study the scarred , eyeless side of my face , the strings of my silver hair . 
 then i pick up my hairbrush and smash the mirror into a thousand pieces . 
 the memory fades away . 
 the bright glow pulses inside the diamond for a moment before fading away . 
 i take a shuddering breath , lost in a haze of wonder and guilt at the memory . 
 what was that ? 
 raffaele 's eyes widen , then narrow . 
 he looks down at the diamond . 
 i glance at it too , half expecting it to glow with some color-but instead i see nothing . 
 maybe i 'm too far away to tell . 
 he looks at me . 
 `` fortuna , goddess of prosperity . 
 diamond shows your alignment to power and ambition , the fire inside you . 
 adelina , can you hold your arms out to either side ? '' 
 i hesitate , but when raffaele gives me an encouraging smile , i do as he says-i hold out my arms so that they are parallel to the floor . 
 raffaele moves the diamond aside and replaces it with the veritium , now bathed in light . 
 he studies me for a bit , then reaches out and pretends to pull at something invisible in the air . 
 i feel an odd , pushing sensation , like someone is trying to shove me aside , searching for my secrets . 
 i instinctively push back . 
 the veritium flashes and lets off a brilliant blue glow . 
 the memory that comes to me this time : i am twelve . 
 violetta and i sit together in our library , where i read to her from a book cataloging flowers . 
 i can still remember those illuminated pages , the parchment crinkling like skeleton leaves . 
 roses are so beautiful , violetta sighs in her innocent way , admiring the book 's images . 
 like you . 
 i stay silent . 
 a while later , when she goes off to play at the harpsichord with father , i venture out to the garden to look at our rosebushes . 
 i study one of the roses carefully , and then look at my crooked ring finger that my father broke years earlier . 
 on a strange impulse , i reach out and close my hand tightly around the rose 's stem . 
 a dozen thorns slash into the flesh of my palm . 
 still , i clench my jaw and tighten my grip as hard as i can . 
 you 're right , violetta . 
 finally i release the stem , staring in wonder at the blood that blooms on my hand . 
 scarlet stains the thorns . 
 pain enhances beauty , i remember thinking . 
 the scene fades . 
 nothing else happens . 
 raffaele tells me to turn back around , and when i do , i notice the veritium is glowing a faint blue . 
 at the same time , it gives off a tremulous note of music that reminds me of a broken flute . 
 `` sapientus , god of wisdom , '' raffaele says . 
 `` you align with veritium for the truth in oneself , knowledge and curiosity . '' 
 he moves on to the roseite without another word . 
 for this one , he beckons me over to him and tells me to hum in front of it . 
 when i do , a faint tingling runs down my throat , numbing it . 
 the stone glows red for a long moment , then fades in a shower of glitter . 
 the memory that accompanies it : i am fifteen . 
 father has arranged for several suitors to come to our home and take a look at both violetta and me . 
 violetta stays demure and sweet the whole time , her tiny mouth puckered into a rosy smile . 
 i hate it when they look at me too , she always tells me . 
 but you have to try , adelina . 
 i catch her in front of her mirror , pulling her neckline down so that it shows more of her curves , smiling at the way her hair falls over her shoulders . 
 i do n't know what to make of it . 
 the men admire her at the dinner . 
 they chuckle and clink glasses . 
 i follow violetta 's example ; i flirt and smile as hard as i can . 
 i notice the hunger in their eyes whenever they glance at me , the way their stares linger on the line of my collarbone , my breasts . 
 i know they want me too . 
 they just do n't want me as a wife . 
 one of them jokes about cornering me the next time i walk alone in our garden . 
 i laugh with him . 
 i imagine mixing poison into his tea , then watching his face turn purple and anguished ; i picture myself leaning over him , looking on patiently , with my chin resting in my hands , admiring his dying , writhing body as i count out the minutes . 
 violetta does n't think such things . 
 she sees happiness and hope , love and inspiration . 
 she is our mother . 
 i am our father . 
 again the memory disappears into thin air , and again i find myself staring at raffaele . 
 there is a wariness in his gaze now , distance mixed with interest . 
 `` amare , god of love , '' he says . 
 `` roseite , for the passion and compassion in oneself , blinding and red . '' 
 finally , he holds up the amber and nightstone . 
 the amber gives off a beautiful golden-orange color , but the nightstone is an ugly rock , dark and lumpy and dull . 
 `` what do i do this time ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` hold them . '' 
 he takes one of my hands in his . 
 i blush at how smooth the palm of his hand is , how gentle his fingers feel . 
 when he brushes past my broken finger , i wince and flinch away . 
 he meets my gaze . 
 although he does n't ask why i reacted to the touch , he seems to understand . 
 `` it will be okay , '' he murmurs . 
 `` hold your hand open . '' 
 i do , and he carefully places the stones in my hand . 
 my fingers close around them . 
 a violent shock ripples through me . 
 a wave of bitter fury . 
 raffaele jumps backward-i gasp , then collapse to the ground . 
 the whispers in the dark corners of my mind now spring free of their cages and fill my thoughts with their noise . 
 they bring a flurry of memories , of everything i 've already seen and everything i 've fought to suppress . 
 my father breaking my finger , shouting at me , striking me , ignoring me . 
 the night in the rain . 
 his shattered ribs . 
 the long nights in the inquisition 's dungeons . 
 teren 's colorless eyes . 
 the crowd jeering at me , throwing stones at my face . 
 the iron stake . 
 i squeeze my eye shut and press my hands tightly to my ears in a desperate attempt to block it all out , but the maelstrom grows thicker , a curtain of darkness that threatens to pull me under . 
 papers fly up from the desk . 
 the glass of raffaele 's lantern shatters . 
 stop . 
 stop . 
 stop . 
 i will destroy everything in order to make it stop . 
 i will destroy all of you . 
 i grit my teeth as my fury swirls around me , seething and relentless , yearning to burst free . 
 through the whirlwind , i hear my father 's harsh whisper . 
 i know who you really are . 
 who will ever want you , adelina ? 
 my fury heightens . 
 everyone . 
 they will cower at my feet , and i will make them bleed . 
 then the shrieking fades . 
 my father 's voice vanishes , leaving memories of it trembling in the air . 
 i stay on the ground , my entire body shaking with the absence of my unexpected anger , my face wet with tears . 
 raffaele keeps his distance . 
 we stare at each other for a long time , until he finally walks over to help me to my feet . 
 he gestures at the chair next to his table . 
 i sit gratefully , soaking in the sudden peace . 
 my muscles feel weak , and i can barely keep my head up . 
 i have a sudden urge to sleep , to dream away my exhaustion . 
 after a while , raffaele clears his throat . 
 `` formidite and caldora , the twin angels of fear and fury , '' he whispers . 
 `` amber , for the hatred buried in one 's chest . 
 nightstone , for the darkness in oneself , the strength of fear . '' 
 he hesitates , then looks me in the eye . 
 `` something blackens your heart , something deep and bitter . 
 it has festered inside you for years , nurtured and encouraged . 
 i 've never felt anything like it . '' 
 my father was the one who nurtured it . 
 i shiver , remembering the horrible illusions that have answered my call . 
 in the corner of the room , my father 's ghost lurks , partially hidden behind the ivy wall . 
 he 's not really there , he 's an illusion , he 's dead . 
 but there 's no mistaking it-i can see his silhouette waiting for me , his presence cold and haunting . 
 i look away from him , lest raffaele think that i 'm losing my mind . 
 `` what ... , '' i begin , then clear my throat . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 raffaele just gives me a sympathetic nod . 
 he seems reluctant to discuss it any further , and i find myself eager to move on as well . 
 `` we 'll see how enzo feels about this , and what this means for your training , '' he goes on in a more hesitant tone . 
 he frowns . 
 `` it may take some time before you 'll be considered a member of the dagger society . '' 
 `` wait , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 am i not already one of you ? '' 
 raffaele crosses his arms and looks at me . 
 `` no , not yet . 
 the dagger society is made up of young elites who have proven themselves capable of calling upon their powers whenever needed . 
 they can control their talents with a level of precision that you can not yet grasp . 
 do you remember how enzo saved you , the way he controlled fire ? 
 you need to be your ability 's master . 
 you will arrive there , i 'm sure , but you 're not there yet . '' 
 the way raffaele says all this stirs a warning in me . 
 `` if i 'm not a dagger yet , then what am i ? 
 what happens next ? '' 
 `` you 're an apprentice . 
 we need to see if we can train you to qualify . '' 
 `` and what happens if i do n't qualify ? '' 
 raffaele 's eyes , so warm and sweet earlier , now seem dark and frightening . 
 `` a couple of years ago , '' he says gently , `` i recruited a boy into our society who could call the rain . 
 he seemed promising at the time-we had high hopes for him . 
 a year passed . 
 he could not learn to master his abilities . 
 did you hear about the drought that hit northern kenettra back then ? '' 
 i nod . 
 my father had cursed the rise in wine prices , and rumor had it that estenzia was forced to cull a hundred prized horses because they could n't afford to feed them . 
 people starved . 
 the king sent out the inquisition and killed hundreds during the riots . 
 raffaele sighs . 
 `` the boy caused that drought by accident , and he could not stop it . 
 he fell into panic and frustration . 
 people blamed malfettos , of course . 
 the temples burned malfettos at the stake in hopes that sacrificing us would lift the drought . 
 the boy started acting strange and erratic , causing a public scene by trying to conjure rain right in the middle of a market square , sneaking off to the harbor at night to try to pull at the waves , and so forth . 
 enzo was not pleased . 
 do you see ? 
 someone who can not learn to control his energy is a danger to us all . 
 we do not operate for free . 
 keeping you safe here , feeding and clothing and sheltering you , training you ... this all costs coin and time , but most of all , it costs our name and reputation to those loyal to us . 
 you are an investment and a risk . 
 in other words , you need to prove that you 're worth it . '' 
 raffaele pauses to take my hand . 
 `` i do n't like to frighten you . 
 but i will not hide from you how seriously we take our mission . 
 this is no game . 
 we can not afford a weak link in a country that wants us dead . '' 
 his grip tightens . 
 `` and i will do everything in my power to make sure you are a strong link . '' 
 he is trying to comfort me , even in his honesty . 
 but there 's something he 's not saying . 
 in the brief , silent spaces between his words , i hear everything else i need to know . 
 they 'll be watching me . 
 i need to prove that i can conjure my powers again , and that i can wield them with precision . 
 if for some reason i ca n't control my abilities , they wo n't just cast me out of the dagger society . 
 i 've seen their faces , where they stay , and what they do . 
 i know that kenettra 's crown prince leads them . 
 i know too much . 
 a weak link in a world that wants us dead . 
 that weak link could be me . 
 if i can not pass their tests , then they will do to me what they must have done with the boy who could not control the rain . 
 they will kill me . 
 raffaele laurent bessette midnight . 
 the entire fortunata court is asleep , and raffaele sits alone in his bedchamber , turning the delicate pages of a book on the moons and tides . 
 waiting . 
 finally , a soft knock sounds at his door . 
 he rises in one smooth motion , his beaded silks glittering in the candlelight , and walks on silent feet to let in the visitor . 
 enzo enters with a sweep of dark robes , bringing with him the scent of wind , night , and death . 
 raffaele bows respectfully . 
 enzo closes the door behind him . 
 `` the tournament of storms , '' he whispers . 
 `` it 's confirmed . 
 the king and queen will make a rare appearance together there . 
 it will be our best chance to strike both of them down . '' 
 raffaele nods . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 enzo frowns at him . 
 `` you look tired , '' he says . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 raffaele 's client for the evening had left over an hour ago . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he decides to reply . 
 `` did you see adelina today ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 he tells enzo about adelina 's test . 
 how she reacted to each gem . 
 he touches on her alignment with the amber and nightstone , her overwhelming attraction to the twin rocks . 
 as he feared , enzo narrows his eyes in interest . 
 raffaele shivers at his expression . 
 he has recruited many elites for the young prince in the past few years , but none has ever shown enzo 's same alignment to diamond , such fiery ambition . 
 being near his energy is intoxicating . 
 `` fear and fury , '' the prince says thoughtfully . 
 in the candlelight , his eyes gleam . 
 `` well . 
 that 's a first . '' 
 raffaele takes a deep breath . 
 `` are you sure you want to do this ? '' 
 he asks . 
 enzo keeps his gloved hands folded behind his back . 
 `` what do you advise ? '' 
 `` get rid of her . 
 now . '' 
 `` after all that trouble , you are asking me to kill her ? '' 
 raffaele 's voice is pained , but firm . 
 `` enzo . 
 every single one of her memories was laced with darkness . 
 it is an infection of the mind . 
 something is very wrong with her . 
 she should have manifested early , as a child , but only now has she started to find her power . 
 it has built up inside her , and the energy feels twisted in a way that disturbs me . 
 she does n't know it yet , but she is ravenous to use it . 
 i do n't know how she 'll respond to our training . '' 
 `` you 're afraid of her , '' enzo murmurs , intrigued . 
 `` or perhaps you 're afraid of your fascination with her . '' 
 raffaele stays silent . 
 no . 
 i 'm afraid of your fascination with her . 
 enzo 's eyes soften . 
 `` you know i trust you . 
 i always have . 
 but getting rid of her would be a waste . 
 adelina has the potential to be very useful . '' 
 `` she will be very useful , '' raffaele agrees . 
 the sapphire strands in his hair catch the light . 
 he casts enzo a sideways look . 
 `` if she 'll obey you . '' 
 `` i will take back my throne soon , '' enzo whispers . 
 `` and malfettos will no longer live in fear . '' 
 raffaele could feel the threat of fire emanating from enzo 's body . 
 `` adelina has the potential to get us there , even if that potential lies within darkness . 
 we 've all seen what she can do . 
 she has no reason to turn on us . '' 
 raffaele hesitates . 
 `` tread carefully , reaper . 
 we do n't know the extent of her energy yet . '' 
 `` then train her . 
 let 's see how she does . 
 if your opinion of her remains , i 'll get rid of her . 
 but until then , '' he says , his eyes hardening , `` she stays . '' 
 we are making a terrible mistake , raffaele thinks , but bows anyway . 
 `` as you command , your highness . '' 
 as he does , his hair tumbles forward and exposes his neck . 
 enzo leans closer . 
 then he reaches out and gently pushes raffaele 's collar aside . 
 ugly red bruises circle the consort 's lower neck , as if someone has tried to choke him . 
 only now , as enzo touches raffaele 's chin and tilts his face in the direction of the light , does the faint purple bruising at the edges of his lips become noticeable . 
 enzo looks raffaele in the eyes . 
 `` did one of your clients do this to you ? '' 
 raffaele 's eyes stay downcast . 
 he adjusts his collar back into place , then brushes his hair across one shoulder in a glossy rope . 
 he says nothing , knowing that his silence answers enzo 's question . 
 `` tell me the name , '' enzo murmurs . 
 raffaele does n't speak for a moment . 
 most of his clients are gentle with him , even in their passion . 
 but not all . 
 memories from earlier in the evening return , memories of rough hands on his neck , shoving him against the wall , striking his face , insults whispered harshly into his ear . 
 it happened on very rare occasions , and he did not like troubling enzo with the details . 
 raffaele 's work is important to the daggers , after all-he might not have the same powers that the others do , but while his power can not kill , it does hypnotize . 
 many of his clients fall so feverishly in love with him that they become loyal patrons to the daggers . 
 political alliances are made in his bed . 
 still . 
 the work comes with its dangers . 
 i should tell my madam first ; she will privately fine my client for his abuse and ban him from seeing me . 
 instead , he meets enzo 's gaze . 
 his gentle heart hardens . 
 but not this time . 
 some deserve punishment greater than a fine . 
 `` count maurizio saldana , '' he replies . 
 enzo nods once . 
 his expression does n't change , but the scarlet streaks in his eyes burn bright . 
 he presses a gloved finger against raffaele 's chest . 
 his voice is a quiet command . 
 `` next time , do not keep secrets from me . '' 
 the next morning , inquisitors find count maurizio saldana 's dismembered body nailed to his front door , his mouth <br/> `` good morning , '' he says , coming over to me and kissing me on both cheeks . 
 he shows no signs of the hesitation he felt toward me after the gemstone incident . 
 `` enzo and the others have returned . '' 
 he gives me a serious look . 
 `` let 's not keep them waiting . '' 
 i dress hurriedly . 
 raffaele guides me down into the secret tunnel again , the same direction we went when he tested my energy . 
 this time , though , we continue walking past the room 's door and farther down the tunnel , until the darkness swallows us . 
 our footsteps echo . 
 as we go , the ceiling seems to rise higher and higher . 
 a cold , damp smell fills the air . 
 `` how far does this go ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 raffaele 's smooth voice floats to me from up ahead . 
 `` below the streets of estenzia lie the catacombs of the dead . '' 
 the catacombs . 
 i shiver . 
 `` these tunnels lead all across the city , '' he continues . 
 `` they connect some of our safe houses , the homes and estates of our patrons . 
 there are so many tunnels and tombs under the city that a great number have been forgotten over the ages . '' 
 `` it 's wet down here . '' 
 `` spring rains . 
 luckily , we 're on high ground . '' 
 we finally reach a tall set of double doors . 
 gems embedded in the ancient wood gleam in the low light . 
 i recognize them as the same types of gems raffaele used to test me . 
 `` i asked one of our elites to embed them , '' he explains . 
 `` only the heightened energy of an elite 's touch can bond with gems . 
 their energy , in turn , moves the switches inside the doors to open them . '' 
 he nods at me . 
 `` pay your respects , mi adelinetta . 
 we are in the realm of the dead now . '' 
 he murmurs a brief prayer to moritas , the goddess of death , for safe passage , and i follow his example . 
 when we finish , he closes a hand over one of the doors ' embedded gems . 
 the gems start to glow . 
 as they do , an elaborate series of clicks sound out inside the wood , as if unlocking from within . 
 i watch in wonder . 
 an ingenious lock . 
 raffaele looks at me , and a spark of sympathy seems to light his eyes . 
 `` be brave , '' he whispers . 
 then he throws his weight against the doors . 
 they open . 
 an enormous cavern the size of a ballroom looms before us . 
 lanterns on the walls illuminate pools of water that have collected along the floor . 
 the walls are lined with stone archways and pillars that look like they were carved centuries ago , most standing tall , some collapsed and scattered on the ground . 
 glowing reflections of pale light on the water float , webbed and shifting , against the stone . 
 everything takes on a greenish cast in here . 
 i can hear the drip of water coming from somewhere far away . 
 illuminated frescos of the gods decorate the walls , worn down from ancient receding water despite the artists ' best efforts . 
 i can tell immediately that the art is centuries old , a style from a different era . 
 along the walls are niches filled with dusty urns , holding the ashes of forgotten generations . 
 but what really catches my attention is the small half circle of people waiting down here for us . 
 aside from enzo , there are four of them . 
 each is turned in our direction , wearing a dark blue cloak of the dagger society . 
 their expressions are hard to read , eerie in the dim light . 
 i try to gauge their ages . 
 they must be about my age ; those who survived the blood fever were children , after all . 
 one dagger is enormous , his robes barely masking thick , muscular arms that seem like they could rip a man to pieces . 
 beside him is a girl who looks small and slight , with a hand resting easily on her hip . 
 she 's the only one who nods at me in greeting . 
 an enormous golden eagle perches on her shoulder . 
 i smile back hesitantly , my stare fixed nervously on the eagle . 
 beside her stands a lean boy , and last is a broad-shouldered girl with long copper curls , her skin too pale to be kenettran . 
 a girl from the skylands , perhaps ? 
 she crosses her arms and regards me with a slight tilt to her head , and her eyes seem cold and curious . 
 my smile fades . 
 front and center before them stands enzo , his hair the color of blood , his hands folded behind his back , and his gaze fixed unwaveringly on me . 
 gone is the hint of mischief in him that i saw when we first talked in my chamber . 
 today , his expression is hard and unforgiving , the young prince replaced with a cold-blooded assassin . 
 the cavern 's strange lighting casts a shadow over his eyes . 
 we stop a few feet away from them . 
 raffaele addresses the group first . 
 `` this is adelina amouteru , '' he says , his voice clear and beautiful . 
 `` our newest potential recruit . 
 she has the power of illusion , the ability to trick one 's perception of reality . '' 
 i feel i should speak , but i 'm not sure what to say . 
 so i simply face them with as much courage as i can muster . 
 enzo looks at me . 
 i do n't know why , but i can feel myself drawn to him just like the first day we met . 
 it is the straightness of his shoulders , the regal lift of his head . 
 my alignment to ambition stirs at the sight . 
 `` tell me , adelina , '' he begins . 
 his words echo in the cavern . 
 `` have you ever heard the rhyme ' a newborn babe takes its first breath / and creates a storm that rains down death ' ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i reply . 
 `` nothing is isolated . 
 do one thing , however small , and it will affect something else on the other side of the world . 
 in a way , you are already connected to each of us . '' 
 he takes a step closer to me . 
 the others remain still . 
 `` you are the first elite to align so strongly with nightstone . 
 there is a darkness in you , something that gives you immense strength . '' 
 he narrows his eyes . 
 `` today , i want to bring that to the surface and find a way for you to call upon it as you wish . 
 learn how to bend it to your will . 
 do you accept ? '' 
 do i have a choice ? 
 after a moment 's silence , i lift my chin . 
 `` yes , your highness . '' 
 enzo gives me an approving nod . 
 `` then we shall use everything within our power to evoke yours . '' 
 raffaele steps away from me . 
 the fact that i 'm now standing alone sends a spike of uncertainty through my chest , and i find myself wishing that he , the only person in here who does n't frighten me , would stay by my side . 
 the others talk in low voices among themselves . 
 i look around the half circle of their faces , searching for help , but the only kindness i get comes from the girl with the eagle on her shoulder . 
 she sees my anxiety and gives me a subtle , encouraging nod . 
 i try to latch on to that . 
 enzo raises one hand in the air . 
 `` let 's begin . '' 
 then he snaps his fingers-and every torchlight in the cavern flickers out at once . 
 the room goes dark . 
 for a second , i panic . 
 i 'm completely blind . 
 the dizziness that i felt yesterday with the nightstone now floods my senses . 
 this is one of my worst fears , that i might someday lose my only good eye , and that i will then live in eternal darkness for the rest of my life . 
 i look wildly around , blinking . 
 nothing but silence . 
 then , occasionally , a gust of cold wind-a murmur of breath-an echoing footstep . 
 my heart pounds . 
 please , let there be a little light . 
 i squint hard into the darkness , trying to force my sight to adjust . 
 right as i 'm able to make out the faint outlines of the cavern floor , i notice that all of the daggers are gone . 
 suddenly , enzo 's voice comes from somewhere in the darkness . 
 `` spider . 
 star thief . '' 
 its deepness now frightens me . 
 i tense . 
 nothing happens . 
 then , out of nowhere , rushes of wind . 
 the beating of wings . 
 suddenly there are thousands-millions-of them , squealing little creatures with fleshy wings beating against me , whirling around me in invisible circles in the blackness . 
 i scream , then fall into a crouch as they swarm . 
 my arms cover my head . 
 bats . 
 they 're bats . 
 their tiny claws cut at my skin . 
 i squeeze my eye shut . 
 someone large shoves me violently backward . 
 i go flying , then fall hard to the ground . 
 the blow knocks all the wind out of me . 
 i gasp for air . 
 a sharp metal edge slices across my upper arm-i cry out , my arms flying up in defense , but another cut slits open the skin of my other arm . 
 warm blood trickles out . 
 i turn my head frantically from side to side . 
 where is my attacker ? 
 i ca n't see a thing . 
 someone kicks me in the back . 
 i arch at the sharp pain . 
 another kick-and then the feeling of rough hands grabbing me by my robe , hauling me up in the air . 
 i grasp desperately for my power , wishing i could pull it from deep within . 
 but nothing happens . 
 as i struggle , a low growl of a voice comes from somewhere in front of my face . 
 `` what wolf ? '' 
 spider snaps . 
 `` she 's a little lamb . '' 
 i clench my teeth and struggle , kicking out with my legs . 
 i strike only air , and collapse to the floor . 
 `` she has a bite , '' someone says elsewhere in the cavern . 
 it sounds like raffaele . 
 one lantern flickers on in the cavern-its glow catches me off guard-and i squint in its direction . 
 the millions of bats flutter fiercely in the new light , screaming , then they swarm into a cloud and disappear down one of the cavern 's dark tunnels . 
 as if they 'd never been here in the first place . 
 i glance around . 
 a short distance away is the hulking boy , who must be spider , and the girl with the eagle . 
 elsewhere , standing by pillars and walls in the shadows , i notice others . 
 one of them snickers . 
 thin trickles of blood drip down my arms . 
 the cuts look smaller than i expect , considering how much they sting . 
 they 're not even trying , i think feverishly . 
 they 're toying with me . 
 how had spider even been able to see me in the darkness ? 
 the light vanishes . 
 my vision adjusts faster this time-and in the darkness , i can see the faint silhouette of the spider crouching . 
 he attacks again . 
 this time , he rushes at me with terrifying speed and disappears from view right before he can reach me . 
 i look around for him , cursing my missing eye and poor peripheral vision . 
 he materializes on my weak side . 
 then he catches me around the neck before i can stop him . 
 his arm tightens , choking me . 
 i struggle . 
 sight . 
 i realize abruptly that his powers must give him the ability to see where others can not . 
 `` i 'll have a sheepskin decorating my floor tonight , '' he says . 
 i throw an elbow as hard as i can . 
 he must not have expected me to fight back , because i hit him hard in his throat . 
 he gags , releasing me again . 
 i fall to my knees , gasping . 
 spider whirls around , his eyes narrowed at me in rage , and i brace myself for another attack . 
 `` enough , '' enzo says quietly . 
 the word is a low , disapproving command that emerges from the shadows . 
 spider steps away from me . 
 i crumple in relief , sucking up air in the darkness . 
 the torchlights all flicker on again . 
 we stare at each other-the young dagger 's eyes green and gruff , mine wide and stricken . 
 i do n't feel anything in my chest except for the pounding of my heart . 
 then spider straightens and sheathes his blade . 
 he does n't bother helping me up . 
 `` one-eyed weakling , '' he says , his voice full of disdain . 
 `` should 've left you to the inquisition and saved us all the trouble . '' 
 he turns away from me . 
 a spark of anger shoots through me . 
 i imagine what it would be like if i strangled him in return , my dark illusions flowing down his throat and blocking his air . 
 can my powers do that ? 
 the whispers hiding in my mind nod , hungry and eager . 
 yes , yes . 
 `` coward , '' i whisper to his back . 
 he does n't hear me , but the girl with the eagle-star thief , i suppose-does . 
 she blinks . 
 enzo studies me with interest as raffaele whispers something in his ear . 
 do they approve ? 
 a moment later , enzo raises his voice . 
 `` windwalker . '' 
 windwalker ? 
 i look around the cavern , searching for my next opponent . 
 finally , i catch a glimpse of her . 
 she 's the tall , pale girl , the one who does n't look kenettran . 
 she chuckles as she steps toward me , sleek and menacing , and i take a step back . 
 `` with pleasure , your highness , '' she says to enzo . 
 my breathing is too rapid . 
 calm down . 
 focus . 
 but the force of the last attack has left me trembling , and the anticipation of what might come next sends prickles of terror down my skin . 
 spider has the power to see in complete darkness . 
 what can the windwalker do ? 
 fly , perhaps ? 
 then-a piercing scream shatters my senses . 
 i flinch . 
 my hands fly to my ears in a vain attempt to shut out the sound , but it only grows worse . 
 the sound destroys everything around me , turning the world into blinding streaks of red and piercing every corner of my mind . 
 i ca n't see . 
 i ca n't think . 
 it goes on and on , a razor-sharp knife digging into my ears . 
 i must be bleeding . 
 i feel the dull sensation of cold stone against my skin . 
 tears stream down my cheeks . 
 i 've fallen , i realize dully . 
 something stirs faintly in the depths of my body , but i reach out for it and miss . 
 what kind of power is this ? 
 how do i fight it ? 
 how do you shut out a scream that comes from inside your mind ? 
 i try to struggle to my feet , but the scream overwhelms me . 
 it ripples through the air again and again , threatening to drown me . 
 somehow , through the chaos , i hear windwalker 's voice against my ear . 
 it sounds like she 's right beside me . 
 when i jerk my head to the side , i see her . 
 she laughs . 
 `` watch your step , little wolf , '' she taunts . 
 suddenly i feel myself lifted off the ground by an invisible curtain of wind . 
 windwalker 's arms are stretched out in my direction . 
 she lifts me higher , then makes a cutting gesture with one hand . 
 wind rushes past my ears-i fly across the chamber . 
 my back hits the wall hard . 
 i crumple to the ground like a broken doll . 
 all around me , the screaming continues . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 i curl into a ball as windwalker comes closer . 
 she kneels before me-all i can make out of her now is her sly smile . 
 the scream in my mind is shattering my soul , and the pain of being thrown makes my breath short . 
 the scream sounds like my own . 
 i see myself being dragged through the rain by my hair , my father 's face staring straight into mine . 
 behind us , violetta screams at him to stop . 
 he ignores her . 
 i ca n't take it anymore . 
 my anger rises-i reach for the energy just out of my grasp . 
 my father 's ghost hovers before me , and my sister 's shrieks surround us . 
 disoriented , i let out a strangled cry and claw at the open air . 
 my hand strikes something . 
 suddenly the shrieks around me stop , and my father and sister vanish . 
 this time , i do n't hear any more snickers . 
 to my shock , windwalker is hunched several feet away , holding her neck . 
 a thin trickle of blood runs down her hand where i 'd raked her with my fingernails . 
 with a start , i realize that i must have struck her when i thought i was striking at my father . 
 the rage inside me still churns , a black , seething fury , almost within my reach . 
 i grit my teeth at her . 
 `` is that it ? '' 
 i suddenly snap . 
 `` attacking me while i 'm defenseless ? '' 
 windwalker stares at me in silence . 
 then she removes her hand to show me the gash i 've caused . 
 `` you 're far from defenseless . '' 
 several thin lines are scored into the skin of her throat . 
 without a word , she walks over and helps me onto my trembling feet . 
 `` not too bad , '' she says , without a hint of malice in her voice . 
 `` you like being provoked . 
 i can tell . '' 
 gradually , my anger fades into bewilderment . 
 did she just compliment me ? 
 `` what , '' i manage to say , `` is your power , exactly ? '' 
 she laughs at my expression . 
 she seems completely unconcerned about her scratched neck and is , somehow , friendlier to me . 
 `` whatever the wind can do-whistle , scream , howl , uproot you from the earth-i can do too . '' 
 she leaves me . 
 all around the cavern , the others whisper among themselves , their voices echoing in the empty space . 
 finally , enzo steps forward , his hands folded calmly behind his back . 
 `` better . '' 
 he tightens his lips . 
 `` but not enough . '' 
 i wait there , swaying on my feet , regaining my breath . 
 his eyes sear me to the bone , bringing with them a wave of terror and excitement . 
 `` the problem , adelina , '' he says as he approaches me , `` is that you simply are n't afraid . '' 
 my heartbeat quickens . 
 `` i am afraid , '' i whisper . 
 but my words sound unconvincing . 
 what is he going to do to me ? 
 `` you know your life is not at risk , '' he continues . 
 `` you do n't embrace your darkness unless you are staring straight at death . 
 therefore , you can not connect with your fear and your fury . '' 
 he unfolds his hands from behind his back . 
 `` let me see if we can correct that . '' 
 a ring of fire bursts to life around us , turning the dark cavern into an illuminated space . 
 the flames stretch to the ceiling . 
 i jump away in terror at the heat against my skin . 
 a scream threatens to bubble up from my throat . 
 no . 
 no , no . 
 not fire . 
 anything but that . 
 all i can see are enzo 's eyes locked on mine , dark and determined . 
 so much fire . 
 i 'm not tied to the stake . 
 i 'm okay . 
 i 'm okay . 
 but i do n't believe myself . 
 we are back at my burning-the inquisition is going to kill me in front of everyone , happy to watch fire consume me in punishment for my father 's death . 
 the gods save me . 
 suddenly , the attacks from the other elites pale in comparison . 
 the flames feel like they 're closing in . 
 they are closing in . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 he is forcing me to relive the feeling of staring straight at death . 
 enzo reaches me . 
 as flames roar all around us , he leans close enough for me to feel the heat of his body through his robes , the sheer power hidden underneath . 
 the fear that has been building in my chest since spider first attacked me now rushes through me in an unstoppable current , turning my limbs numb . 
 one of his hands touches the small of my back . 
 a violent , irresistible wave of heat emanates from his touch and pulses through my body , scalding me . 
 the flames around us lick at the edges of my sleeves-i watch in terror as the fabric curls , blackening . 
 everything about enzo whispers of danger , of murder in the name of righteousness . 
 i 'm desperate to pull away . 
 i ache for more . 
 i tremble uncontrollably , caught in the middle . 
 `` i know you crave the fear . '' 
 his breath scorches the skin of my exposed neck . 
 `` let it build . 
 nurture it , and it will give back all of your care tenfold . '' 
 i try to concentrate , but all i can feel is the heat . 
 the stake , the pile of wood at my feet . 
 the eyes of my dead father , forever haunting my dreams . 
 you are a killer , his ghost whispers . 
 but how many have the inquisition killed ? 
 how many more will they kill ? 
 would n't i have been one of the inquisition 's victims , had the daggers not come to my rescue ? 
 with the fire all around us , with enzo 's hand hot against my silks , with his words in my ears and my body still trembling from the others ' attacks , the combination of my fear , hatred , anger , and desire finally fuse into one . 
 i can feel the uncontrollable darkness growing inside me , millions of threads that connect everything in the world to everything else , the badness inside enzo , the wickedness inside everyone around us , growing until i 'm able to reach down and close my mind around a handful of those threads and pull on them . 
 the darkness bows to me , eager for my embrace . 
 i close my eye , open my heart to the feeling , and soak in the delight of vengeance . 
 show me what you can do , my father 's ghost whispers . 
 black silhouettes rise up out of the ground , their shapes demonic and their eyes scarlet red , their fangs dripping blood . 
 they gather around us , growing taller and taller , until they reach the cavern 's ceiling . 
 they wait patiently for my command . 
 i 'm swept away , both giddy with joy at the feeling of power and terrified that i am completely helpless to it . 
 enzo removes his hand . 
 the sudden lack of contact distracts me , and in a flash , my silhouettes disappear . 
 the demons shrink into the ground . 
 enzo 's columns of fire vanish . 
 we 're back in the heavy silence of the cavern , as if nothing had happened . 
 my shoulders droop from the effort . 
 without the fire , the space has returned to its eerie green glow . 
 the others are n't laughing anymore . 
 i glance at raffaele . 
 he looks stricken , his brows furrowed in a tragic line . 
 enzo steps away from me . 
 i sway on weak legs . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd say he seems surprised himself . 
 all i know is that i want to do it again . 
 i want enzo to touch me . 
 i want to feel that flow of power , and i want to see the other daggers ' intimidation . 
 i want something more . 
 it is pointless to believe what you see , <br/> i need to learn faster . 
 the world is closing in on us . 
 `` both were malfettos accused of having powers , of being elites , '' raffaele tells me today , as we sit together before my bedchamber mirror . 
 `` neither were , of course . 
 but their families turned on them anyway . 
 the inquisition pays well for such information , and gold is hard to pass up in times like these . '' 
 i look at the array of creams and powders scattered on the dresser top , then glance at my reflection in the mirror . 
 my maid took me this morning to a private bathhouse in the court and washed me until i gleamed and glistened . 
 my skin now smells of rose and honey . 
 i 'm surprised at how quickly i 've become used to such luxuries . 
 i turn my gaze back to raffaele . 
 `` why did n't the daggers save them ? '' 
 i ask . 
 raffaele 's reply is one that answers nothing . 
 he picks up a tub of cream . 
 `` these hunts happen too often . 
 we react when necessary . '' 
 i try not to look bothered by his answer , but secretly , i dwell on his real meaning . 
 we did n't risk saving them , because they were not elites . 
 `` what are you going to do to me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you stay at the fortunata court . 
 you will need to look the part . '' 
 i recoil at the thought of transforming into a consort . 
 raffaele must have sensed the sudden shift in my energy , because he adds , `` would you prefer to be recognized by an inquisitor ? '' 
 he dabs a touch of the cold cream on my face . 
 `` no one will touch you , you have my word . 
 but looking the part will give you some freedom . '' 
 the cream tingles . 
 i watch , amazed , as it brings the warmth out in my olive skin . 
 he runs an ivory comb through my hair . 
 occasionally his fingers brush the base of my neck , sending shivers of pleasure down my spine . 
 there is a precision to his gestures that speaks volumes about his talents as a consort . 
 i have a fleeting thought of what being his client must be like , his skin warm against mine , his lips soft on my neck , his hands smooth and experienced , roaming . 
 raffaele lifts an eyebrow at me through the mirror . 
 `` what you 're thinking will cost you at least five thousand gold talents , mi adelinetta , '' he teases gently , tilting his head in a subtle movement that sends blood rushing to my cheeks . 
 five thousand gold talents ? 
 `` a night ? '' 
 i breathe . 
 `` an hour , '' raffaele replies , still working his way through my hair . 
 five thousand gold talents an hour . 
 in one night , raffaele can fetch my father 's annual salary . 
 `` you must have singlehandedly turned the fortunata court into the wealthiest court in the country , '' i say . 
 he smiles shyly ... but behind it , i sense something sad . 
 my grin fades . 
 raffaele rubs a fine oil into my scalp , and then finishes combing . 
 he turns his attention to other details-touching my eyelid and lashes with a black , shimmering powder that hides the strands ' silver color ; rubbing an ointment on my nails that makes them gleam ; smoothing my brows into perfect brushstrokes . 
 i tremble again as his finger runs across my lips , painting them a color of rose that accents their fullness . 
 i wonder if any of his clients are dagger patrons , nobility enticed by the riches enzo can reward them with once he 's on the throne . 
 maybe all of them are . 
 or maybe they have no idea who the daggers ' leader is-only that they are supporting an expert assassin who will dethrone the king . 
 `` how did you learn so much about energy ? '' 
 i decide to ask as he works . 
 raffaele shrugs once . 
 `` trial and error , '' he replies . 
 `` we are the first . 
 there is no one before us to learn from . 
 with each new elite we recruit , i learn , experiment , and record . 
 someone needs to leave the knowledge behind for the generation after us . 
 if there is another generation . '' 
 i listen in quiet fascination . 
 he 's a messenger in more ways than one . 
 `` do you know where it came from ? 
 i know it began with the blood fever , but ... '' he reaches for a slender brush . 
 `` it did not begin with the blood fever . 
 it began with energy , the link between the gods and the mortal world they created . '' 
 `` energy . '' 
 `` yes . 
 it forms the land , air , sea , and all living things . 
 it is what breathes life into us . '' 
 `` and what gives us powers ? '' 
 raffaele nods . 
 he dips the brush in a shallow dish of sparkling powder , then touches it to the edge of my good eye . 
 i frown as he works , trying to imagine this strange , invisible energy . 
 his brush pauses for a moment . 
 `` when you close your eye , you see sparks of colors , do you not ? '' 
 he says . 
 i close my eye to test his theory . 
 yes . 
 in the blackness float sparks of faint blues and greens , reds and golds , blinking in and out of existence . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you are actually seeing threads of energy . '' 
 he touches my hand carefully , and a chill of delight runs up my arm . 
 `` the world is made of countless threads that connect all things . 
 these threads give the world both its color and its life . '' 
 he nods at the bedchamber around us . 
 `` right now , in some small way , you 're connected to everything in here . 
 the mirror , the walls , the air . 
 everything . 
 even the gods . '' 
 his words stir my memory . 
 i think back to the night of my father 's death . 
 when i suspended everything around me , the raindrops and the wind , the world had turned black and white , and translucent threads had glistened in the air . 
 during my burning , i 'd seen the color drain from my execution stand before it all came rushing back . 
 `` most people do n't have enough energy to manipulate their connections to the world . 
 we were n't meant to . 
 but when the fevers affected you and me , something changed in us . 
 suddenly it linked us to the world in a way that our bodies were never meant to be linked . '' 
 raffaele turns my hand so that my palm faces upward , then runs his slender fingers along the inside of my wrist all the way to my fingertips . 
 my skin tingles at his touch . 
 i suck in my breath , blushing . 
 `` every elite is different , and pulling on threads in specific ways will do specific things . 
 the windwalker , for example , can pull on the threads in the air that create wind . 
 enzo pulls on threads of heat energy , from himself , from the sun , from fire , and from other living things . 
 from the sunlands come reports of an elite who can change metal into gold . 
 another rumored elite , magiano , has escaped the inquisition axis so often that the word magic evolved from his name . 
 there are countless ways energy manifests in us . 
 i can only imagine what undiscovered elites out there can do , those beyond the daggers and beyond who i know exist . 
 there are even rumors of an elite who can bring people back from the dead . '' 
 i wonder , for a moment , how many others exist outside of the dagger society . 
 are there rival societies ? 
 `` and you ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` i can see and sense all the energy in the world , '' he replies . 
 `` every single thread that connects everything to everything else . 
 i ca n't do much , save to tug faintly on them-but i can feel them all . '' 
 here , he pauses to look me in the eye . 
 i feel a sudden tug at my heart , as if the sight of him had set butterflies loose in my chest . 
 my eye widens in understanding . 
 this is why his touch along my wrist left me tingling . 
 `` no wonder your clients fall so madly in love with you , if you look like this and can literally pull on their heartstrings . '' 
 raffaele laughs his beautiful laugh . 
 `` someday i 'll teach you , if you like . '' 
 my heart thrills again at that , and i wonder if it has anything to do with raffaele 's energy this time . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 i ask after a pause . 
 `` my power ? '' 
 `` of all the daggers , you and i are the most alike . 
 we sense the intangible . '' 
 raffaele turns his eyes to me , and the sun catches the brilliant , shifting colors in his irises . 
 `` think of the lesser gods-formidite , the angel of fear , or caldora , the angel of fury . 
 laetes , the angel of joy . 
 denarius , the angel of greed . 
 threads of energy connect not only physical things , but also emotions , thoughts , and feelings-fear , hate , love , joy , sorrow . 
 you have the ability to pull on threads of fear and hatred . 
 a powerful talent , if you can tame it . 
 the more fear and hate your environment has , therefore , the stronger you are . 
 fear creates the strongest illusions . 
 everyone has darkness inside them , however hidden . '' 
 his eyes turn solemn , and i shiver , wondering what small darkness might lie within even his gentle soul . 
 `` was enzo the first elite you ever met ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i 'm suddenly curious . 
 `` how did you meet him ? '' 
 raffaele starts putting away the powders on the table . 
 `` he bought my virgin price . '' 
 i turn quickly in my chair to look at him . 
 `` y-your virgin price ? 
 you mean , you and enzo - '' `` it 's not what you think . '' 
 he gives me a playful smile . 
 `` when i turned seventeen and came of age , i became an official consort of the fortunata court . 
 so the court held a lavish bidding masquerade for my debut . '' 
 i try to imagine the scene : raffaele at my age , young and innocent , more beautiful than anyone else in the world , standing before a sea of masked nobility and preparing to give himself away . 
 `` the entire city must have turned out for you . '' 
 raffaele does n't disagree , which is confirmation enough . 
 `` enzo came to my debut night in secret , searching for others like himself . '' 
 he hesitates for a moment , as if remembering . 
 `` i sensed him the instant he arrived , even though he stayed hidden and out of sight . 
 never in my life had i met another with the type of energy i had . 
 it was the first time i could see the threads of his energy around him like a halo , weaving together and apart . 
 he must have noticed my strange interest in him . 
 his manservant bid on me for him , and won . '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 `` an obscene amount . '' 
 he lowers his eyes . 
 `` i was frightened , you know . 
 i 'd heard stories from the older consorts about their debut nights . 
 but when he came to my chamber , all he wanted to do was talk . 
 so we did . 
 he demonstrated to me his abilities with fire . 
 i confessed my ability to sense others . 
 we both knew we risked our lives , talking openly about our powers . '' 
 i suddenly realize that there is only one person raffaele never uses his talents on . 
 enzo . 
 `` why do you trust him ? '' 
 my question sounds suspicious and scathing , and immediately i wish i could take it back . 
 but raffaele , ever graceful , simply meets my gaze with a level look . 
 `` if enzo becomes king , '' he says , `` i can step away from this life . '' 
 i dwell on the moment of sadness i 'd seen from him before , then on the endless parade of aristocrats he is paid to entertain , both inside and outside the bedchamber . 
 the lack of freedom . 
 no one chooses the life of a consort , no matter how lavish . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i finally say . 
 raffaele pauses to look over the broken side of my face . 
 i tense . 
 a hint of sympathy enters his gaze , and he touches my cheek with one hand . 
 i feel a slight tug on my heart . 
 my anxiety calms , my chest warms in trust . 
 everything about his touch soothes and caresses . 
 there is something oddly comforting about this moment . 
 we 're not so different , the two of us . 
 the maid returns with an armful of silks then , and our moment ends . 
 raffaele gives us privacy while she helps me change into the new garments-a beautiful gold dress cut in the tamouran style . 
 the loose silks feel delightfully cold against my skin . 
 clothing from the sunlands has always felt more comfortable than the stiff corsets and lace that kenettrans wear . 
 before the maid leaves , she places a velvet box on top of the dresser . 
 raffaele returns . 
 he nods in approval at the dress . 
 `` amouteru , '' he says , lingering on the exotic accents of my family name . 
 `` i can see the tamouran blood in you . '' 
 as i look on in wonder , raffaele brushes my hair until it spills down my back like a silver curtain . 
 he twists the strands into a smooth , glossy bun behind my head in traditional tamouran fashion , picks up two long cloths of white and gold , and carefully wraps my head with them until all of my hair is hidden underneath an elaborate , intertwined series of gold and white silk , the cloth draping down behind me in a sheet of sun and snow . 
 he pins jewels on the cloth . 
 he ties the tamouran headwrap so much more skillfully than i ever have . 
 finally , he places a thin silver chain on my head from which a single teardrop diamond suspends at my forehead . 
 `` there , '' he says . 
 `` you will hide your markings like this from now on . '' 
 i stare at myself , stunned . 
 my cheekbones and nose , the elegant sweep of my eye , all enhanced . 
 i have never looked more tamouran in my life . 
 it 's a convincing disguise . 
 raffaele smiles at my expression . 
 `` i have a present for you , '' he says . 
 he turns and opens the velvet box on the dresser . 
 my heart skips a beat . 
 it 's a white half mask , made of porcelain and cold to the touch . 
 diamonds trace along its edges and twinkle in the light , and trails of bright glitter paint elaborate patterns across the mask 's pale surface . 
 tiny white plumes arch at the point where it curves up toward the temple . 
 i can only stare . 
 never in my life have i worn something so finely crafted . 
 `` i commissioned this for you , '' raffaele says . 
 `` care to try it ? '' 
 i nod wordlessly . 
 raffaele positions the half mask over my face . 
 it fits snugly , like a long-lost possession , something that has always been a part of my body . 
 now snow-white porcelain and lines of shining light conceal the spot where my eye used to be . 
 the mask covers it all . 
 without the distraction of my marking , the natural beauty of my face shines through . 
 `` mi adelinetta , '' raffaele breathes . 
 he leans down close enough for his breath to warm the skin of my neck . 
 `` you are truly kissed by moon and water . '' 
 as i stare silently back , i feel something powerful stir inside me-a buried fire , subdued during childhood and long forgotten . 
 i have lived all my life in the shadow of my father and my sister . 
 now that i 'm standing in the sun for the first time , i dare to think differently . 
 the broken butterfly has been made whole . 
 faint voices come from the hallway outside . 
 before either of us can react , the door opens and enzo strides in . 
 i ca n't keep my cheeks from turning bright red , and i turn my face partly away , hoping he does n't notice . 
 his eyes settle first on raffaele . 
 `` is she ready ? '' 
 then he notices me . 
 whatever words he meant to speak now halt on his tongue . 
 for the first time since i met him , a strange emotion flickers across his face that hints at something underneath . 
 raffaele studies him . 
 `` at a loss for words , your highness ? 
 i 'll take that as a compliment . '' 
 enzo recovers in an instant . 
 he exchanges a quiet look with raffaele . 
 i look between them , uncertain what conversation has just passed . 
 finally , he turns away from us-and it seems as if he purposely avoids meeting my stare . 
 `` she starts tomorrow , '' he says before he leaves . 
 teren santoro as the sun sets over estenzia , teren locks himself inside his chambers . 
 his jaw is tight with frustration . 
 several weeks have already passed since adelina 's escape from her execution . 
 he 's not found a single trace of her . 
 rumor has it that she came here to estenzia-at least , that was all his inquisition patrols could gather . 
 but estenzia is a large city . 
 he needs more information than that . 
 teren undoes the gold buttons of his inquisition uniform , strips off his robe , and removes the armor underneath . 
 he pulls his thin linen undershirt up over his head , baring his torso to the air . 
 the orange glow of sunset from his window highlights his shoulders , the hard , muscled contour of his back . 
 it also illuminates the maze of crisscrossing scars that cover his body . 
 teren sighs , closes his eyes , and rolls his neck . 
 his thoughts wander to the queen . 
 the king had been dead drunk at his council meeting today , laughing off fears of his hungry people 's rising anger at his taxes , impatient to return to his afternoon hunting trips and brothels . 
 throughout the whole meeting , queen giulietta looked on in silence . 
 her eyes were cool , calm , and dark . 
 if her husband irritated her , she did n't show it . 
 she certainly did n't show any signs that she had invited teren to her bedchambers the night before . 
 teren closes his eyes at the memory of her in his arms , and shivers in longing . 
 he looks down at the whip lying by his bed . 
 he walks over to it . 
 he had to have the weapon specially made : it consists of nine different tails , each tail equipped at the end with long blades-rare foreign platinum for weight , tipped with steel-honed so finely that their edges could slice open skin with the faintest whisper of a touch . 
 on any normal man , a weapon like this would shred his back into ribbons of meat with a single strike . 
 even on someone like teren , with skin and flesh hardened by demonic magic , the metal whip wreaks havoc . 
 he kneels on the floor . 
 lifts the whip . 
 holds his breath . 
 then he snaps the whip over his head . 
 the blades rake deep into the flesh of his back , ripping jagged lines across his skin . 
 he lets out a strangled gasp as pain floods him , robbing him of his breath . 
 almost immediately , the cuts start to heal . 
 i am a deformed creature , he mouths silently , repeating the words he once said as a twelve-year-old boy , an inquisitorin-training , kneeling before the sixteen-year-old princess giulietta . 
 he remembers that day so well . 
 she was newly married to the powerful duke of estenzia . 
 young enzo , still crown prince to the throne , lay in the infirmary , the lucky survivor of drinking poisoned soup . 
 and the old king was already dying . 
 giulietta bent down , studied teren thoughtfully , and placed her finger under his chin . 
 she gently tilted his head up until his pale , colorless eyes met her dark , cool ones . 
 `` why are you afraid to look at me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you are chosen by the gods , your highness , '' he said , ashamed . 
 `` and i am a malfetto , lower than a dog . 
 i am unworthy of your presence . '' 
 he hoped she could n't guess his dark secret . 
 that strange , demonic powers had appeared in him recently . 
 giulietta smiled . 
 `` if i forgive you for being a malfetto , little boy , would you pledge your undying devotion to me ? 
 would you do anything for me ? '' 
 teren looked up into her eyes with desperation and desire . 
 she was so pretty . 
 delicate , heart-shaped face framed with dark curls . 
 royal blood . 
 not a hint of a marking on her . 
 perfection . 
 `` i would pledge anything to you , your highness . 
 my life . 
 my sword . 
 i am yours . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she tilted her head toward him . 
 `` tell me . 
 who do you think should rule this country next ? '' 
 teren leaned into her touch . 
 the question confused him . 
 `` the crown prince , '' he said . 
 `` it is his birthright . '' 
 her eyes hardened . 
 wrong answer . 
 `` you said you are a malfetto , and lower than a dog . 
 do you really want a malfetto as your king ? '' 
 teren had n't thought about it like that . 
 he used to wrestle and spar with enzo in the palace gardens , when teren 's father was busy leading the inquisition axis . 
 they were friends , even , or at least friendly , always paired up in afternoon sword practice . 
 teren hesitated , torn between the idea of enzo as pure-blooded royalty and the reality of him being tainted by the blood fever 's markings . 
 finally , he shook his head . 
 `` no , your highness . 
 i would n't want that . '' 
 giulietta 's eyes softened , and she smiled again . 
 right answer . 
 `` i am the firstborn . 
 it is my birthright to rule . '' 
 for a fleeting moment , teren wondered if she was the one who slipped poison into enzo 's soup . 
 she leaned closer . 
 then she said the words that would ensnare him forever . 
 `` do as i say , little teren . 
 help me rid this world of all malfettos . 
 and i will make sure the gods forgive you for your abomination . '' 
 the memory fades . 
 teren raises the whip again and again . 
 to atone for my cursed magic , i devote myself to the inquisition all the days of my life . 
 i will serve the queen , rightful ruler of kenettra . 
 not only will i rid this world of young elites , but i shall rid this world of malfettos . 
 blood runs down the pulped flesh of his back as his body tries desperately to keep up in healing itself . 
 he sways in place , dizzy from the agony . 
 tears drip from his unnaturally pale eyes . 
 his marking . 
 but teren only grits his teeth and smiles . 
 his thoughts return to adelina . 
 she could n't have just disappeared into thin air . 
 she was here , somewhere . 
 he would simply have to search harder . 
 pay off every street urchin and beggar in the city . 
 for the price of a cheap meal , they 'll tell you anything . 
 his eyes pulse in anticipation . 
 yes . 
 thousands of spies . 
 i have plans for you , adelina . 
 if teren could have his own way , he would kill every elite he could find . 
 then he would throw every malfetto in the city-in the country-into the dungeons . 
 he would burn every single one of them at the stake . 
 abominations . 
 if only he could make them understand . 
 i will find you all . 
 i will use everything in my power to save your souls . 
 i was born to destroy you . 
 in the good years , they wine and dine , laugh and love . 
 <br/> the other consorts-in-training exchange eye contact with me , but none of us speak . 
 i choose a cushion at one end , then look on as more masked clients and consorts swirl in the room , until it fills to capacity . 
 finally , servants extinguish several of the lanterns lining the walls . 
 the room dims , and the conversation hushes . 
 other servants light the lanterns that circle the raised platform . 
 i straighten , wondering what raffaele will look like . 
 after a few minutes , the court 's madam sweeps through the crowd and stops before the platform 's edge . 
 she is tall and regal , still beautiful in her golden years , with lines of gray in her hair . 
 she spreads her arms wide . 
 i 'll have to ask raffaele next time if she 's a patron to the daggers . 
 she must be . 
 `` welcome to the fortunata court , my guests , '' she says . 
 her voice is rich and warm , and everyone in the audience leans forward , drawn in . 
 `` it is a cool , calm night , a lovely time for us to gather . 
 and i know why you all have come . '' 
 she pauses to smile . 
 `` you want to see our court 's shining jewel perform . '' 
 a round of low applause answers her . 
 `` i wo n't delay it any longer , then , '' she continues . 
 `` abandon yourselves to an evening of desire , my guests , and dream of us tonight . '' 
 with that , the rest of the wall 's lanterns go out , leaving only the platform illuminated . 
 deep drumbeats echo , one after another . 
 they send a tremor through me , stirring my alignment to passion , and i feel my energy churn . 
 a young consort glides through the darkness of the crowd . 
 when he reaches the platform and steps into the light of the lanterns , i stifle a gasp . 
 raffaele is dressed in pale silks that make him stand out , his chest is bared , and a glittering gold line is painted down the middle of his torso . 
 he stops in the center of the raised platform , eyes lowered , and then kneels in a fluid gesture , his arms folded before him , wide sleeves trailing . 
 his robes pool in a circle around him . 
 he stays there for a moment as the drumbeats thicken , and then he rises back to his feet and walks in a slow , hypnotic circle . 
 i have never seen a composed , delicate dance like this , paired with a song that is nothing but drums-i may never see such a thing again . 
 i glance at the clients filling the room . 
 they are stunned into silence . 
 gradually , as the tempo increases , two other consorts join raffaele on the platform , a girl and a boy , and together they glide in circles around one another , eyes both shy and piercing , movements flowing like water . 
 the other two consorts are beautiful , but they pale next to raffaele . 
 there is no question whom the audience 's eyes follow . 
 i watch , mesmerized . 
 then raffaele 's moment of deep sadness comes back to me , and the performance chills me to the bone . 
 someone new sits behind me . 
 i do n't think much of it at first-the room is crowded with patrons , at any rate , all focused on the platform . 
 it is only when the person speaks that my heart stops . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you , adelina . 
 just listen . '' 
 the voice is very close to my ear , close enough that i can feel the speaker 's breath , soft on my skin . 
 he 's so quiet , i barely hear him over the drums . 
 but i do . 
 i 've heard this voice only once in my entire life , but i would recognize it anywhere . 
 teren . 
 the energy in my heart spikes , and i have a sudden urge to scream in the middle of the performance . 
 he found me . 
 from the corner of my eye , i can see that he 's not dressed in his inquisitor armor and robes , but in black velvet , his face hidden behind a mask just like everyone else here . 
 he is the man i saw earlier , the one whose gaze lingered on me . 
 how did he find me ? 
 i 've been too careless . 
 did he spot me wandering around the court ? 
 did he recognize me from the balconies ? 
 is he alone ? 
 are there other inquisitors in the crowd ? 
 my heart beats frantically . 
 are they waiting to strike ? 
 `` you have no reason to trust me , i know , '' he murmurs as the performance continues . 
 `` but i did not track you down to arrest you . 
 i 've come to make a deal with you . 
 this can work out strongly in your favor , if you want it . '' 
 i stay quiet . 
 my hands are trembling violently in my lap , and i clutch them together harder so that no one will notice . 
 my gaze stays fixed straight ahead at raffaele 's performance . 
 does anyone else notice him ? 
 does raffaele ? 
 someone help me , i think , my eye darting around the room . 
 if i make a commotion now , teren will be revealed-but what will stop him from dragging me back to the inquisition tower , or killing me on the spot ? 
 the other daggers are n't here to protect me , and raffaele ca n't . 
 i 'm on my own . 
 `` tell me , '' teren whispers . 
 `` have the young elites taken you under their wing ? '' 
 drumbeats pound in my ears . 
 i stay frozen , unable to answer his question . 
 `` seeing as how you 're alive and well , i 'll assume yes . '' 
 i do n't even have to see teren 's face to know that he 's smiling . 
 `` are you so sure about their intentions ? 
 do you trust your rescuers so easily ? '' 
 if i were n't terrified , i would laugh at his words . 
 as if i had a reason to think the inquisitors would be any more trustworthy . 
 `` speak , adelina , '' teren warns me . 
 `` i would hate to make a scene and arrest you . '' 
 my voice startles to life . 
 i turn my head slightly , then whisper back in a tiny , choked voice drowned out by the drums . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i stammer . 
 the beat of the drums changes . 
 teren whispers to me through their thundering rhythm . 
 `` i know you are new to them . 
 you probably do n't know everything about their inner workings . 
 but i suspect you will , and soon . '' 
 he shifts closer as the drums grow steadily more frantic . 
 `` so here 's how we can help each other out . '' 
 why would i want to help you ? 
 i suck in my breath in a vain attempt to calm myself , and in the dark corners of the room i can see memories of my burning day , the way teren 's pale eyes had pulsed at me . 
 `` observe everything , '' he whispers in my ear . 
 `` look , listen , and remember . 
 i know where you are now . 
 i will check in on you from time to time . 
 and i expect you to share what you learn with me . '' 
 my heart keeps time with the frenzied drumbeats . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 `` if you do , not only will i spare your life , but i will shower you with riches . 
 i can grant you your every desire . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` just think of it . 
 you can redeem yourself , change from an abomination in the gods ' eyes to a savior . '' 
 he pauses , and his voice deepens . 
 on the platform stage , raffaele pulls the young female consort to him . 
 the two twirl . 
 he spins away from her and does the same with the male consort . 
 `` if you do n't , not only will i destroy you , but i will destroy everything you care about . '' 
 tides of fear and anger rise in my chest , fusing into one , filling my mind with whispers . 
 `` what do you know of what i care about ? '' 
 i murmur harshly . 
 `` have you already forgotten your little sister ? 
 what a cold heart . '' 
 violetta . 
 an icy claw grips my heart . 
 suddenly i 'm back in my nightmare , putting my arm around my frail sister as a thunderstorm rages outside , then turning her around to find that she is not there at all . 
 no . 
 he 's just trying to bait you . 
 `` what could you possibly know about my sister ? '' 
 i snap . 
 `` plenty enough . 
 on the morning of your burning , she came to me to beg for your life . 
 did you know that ? 
 now it 's your turn to return her favor . '' 
 he 's lying . 
 `` you do n't have her , '' i mutter . 
 teren 's reply is one full of amusement . 
 `` do you really want to play that game with me ? '' 
 my resolve quivers . 
 she had gone to him ? 
 what if teren is telling the truth-what if she did , and he kept her ? 
 whispers swirl in my mind , their words incomprehensible , filling me with the buzz of terror . 
 and i thought she had moved on , perhaps promised to marry some wealthy man . 
 what if she 'd instead been with the inquisition for weeks ? 
 why would you do that for me , violetta ? 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' i whisper . 
 teren does n't answer , and for a long moment , we just listen to the drums . 
 just when i think he might have left altogether , he replies , `` i have your sister , whether you want to believe it or not . 
 and i will happily torture her until you can hear her screams from the fortunata court 's beautiful balconies . '' 
 he is lying . 
 he is lying . 
 he must be . 
 i imagine violetta 's terrified face , tears streaking her cheeks . 
 i imagine blood . 
 `` give me time , '' i finally whisper . 
 i do n't know what else to say . 
 `` of course , '' teren answers soothingly . 
 `` we are on the same side . 
 you 'll soon realize you 're fighting for the right cause . '' 
 his tone turns strangely reverential . 
 serious and grave . 
 `` you can help me fix this world , adelina . '' 
 i 'm caught in the middle of a tightening web . 
 `` next week , '' he whispers . 
 `` i want to see you at the inquisition tower . 
 bring me some information that i 'll find useful . '' 
 `` how do i know you wo n't simply seize me once i arrive ? '' 
 `` stupid girl , '' teren snaps . 
 `` if i wanted you arrested , i 'd do it right now . 
 why would i seize you when you can be my little helper ? '' 
 he draws very close , his breath hot against my ear . 
 `` if i like what you tell me when you arrive at the tower , your sister gets to be pampered and fed until the next time i see you . 
 if you do n't come to me ... '' he pauses . 
 i can see his subtle shrug out of the corner of my vision . 
 `` then i do n't keep up my end of the bargain . '' 
 then he will kill her . 
 i have no choice . 
 i simply nod . 
 no answer . 
 the brush of his breath against my ear vanishes , and cool air prickles my skin . 
 the drumbeats finally come to a stop . 
 up on the platform , raffaele and the other two consorts bow to the crowd . 
 the roomful of clients leap to their feet , roaring their enthusiasm , their applause thunderous . 
 in the midst of the chaos , i look around me in a frantic attempt to find teren 's face . 
 but he 's already disappeared into the sea of masked faces , as if he were never there . 
 only his words remain , echoing in my mind , haunting me . 
 i have been turned into a spy against my will . 
 let it be known , so the gods help me . 
 i am not a traitor . 
 i am not a spy . 
 - inscription etched in stone on the wall of an estenzian prison cell , by an unnamed prisoner adelina amouteru i retreat to my bedchamber that night without saying a word to anyone . 
 raffaele frowns at me as i leave , his eyes following my figure from across the main court , but i force a quick smile at him and hurry away . 
 it is n't until he catches up with me in the secret halls that i finally turn around to face him . 
 raffaele seems genuinely concerned for me , an emotion that tugs at my heart . 
 he brushes my cheek with a brief touch of his fingers . 
 his eyes are still bold with gold powder , his lashes long and black . 
 `` you seemed frightened during the performance , '' he murmurs . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i force back a smile and try to keep distance between us . 
 the last thing i need is for him to sense how much i 'm trembling . 
 `` yes , i was , '' i lie , hoping he ca n't tell . 
 `` i felt too exposed in the audience tonight . 
 perhaps just my nerves . '' 
 i try to smile . 
 `` i 've never seen you perform . '' 
 raffaele watches me carefully . 
 i try to comfort myself with the fact that he can only feel the shift of my energy , not read my actual thoughts . 
 if he thinks i 'm acting strange , let him think it 's because of his performance , or from being out in public . 
 or i could tell him what happened . 
 i could let him know that teren has hunted me down , confess the task he gave me . 
 after all , enzo saved my life . 
 did n't he ? 
 but raffaele 's warning during my gemstone test haunts me . 
 what if the daggers kill me ? 
 they have n't known me long enough to trust me . 
 what if this is enough to convince them that i am far too risky to keep around ? 
 no . 
 i ca n't tell them . 
 i might be dead by tomorrow if i do . 
 and violetta will stay in the inquisition 's clutches . 
 finally , raffaele decides to give in . 
 he puts a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` rest well tonight , '' he says . 
 he kisses my cheeks in reassurance , then turns to leave down the hall . 
 i watch him go . 
 whether or not he actually believes me , i have no idea . 
 that night , i stare sleeplessly at the ceiling . 
 i try to picture my sister shivering in the same dark inquisition cell i stayed in . 
 had she really begged for my life ? 
 am i willing to risk myself to save her ? 
 how do i even know he has her ? 
 do i dare doubt him ? 
 next week . 
 what am i going to do ? 
 how am i even going to sneak away ? 
 the following day , when raffaele asks me how i 'm feeling , i only say that i feel much better . 
 he gives me a sidelong glance , but does n't force me to say more . 
 another day passes . 
 my initial panic settles into a steady undercurrent of unease . 
 maybe i had dreamed the whole thing , and teren never came in the first place . 
 this thought is so tempting that i almost let myself believe it . 
 by the third day , i 'm able to think . 
 in order to survive , i must play this game . 
 and i must play it well . 
 five days after the masquerade . 
 raffaele and i are back in the cavern . 
 he observes me as i study enzo sparring with the spider , trying to figure out how their energy works . 
 teren 's words linger in my mind , reminders of what he expects from me . 
 my week is almost up . 
 how will i ever be able to sneak off to the inquisition tower ? 
 i try to focus instead . 
 `` where did he learn to fight like that ? '' 
 i ask raffaele as we watch enzo circling the spider . 
 `` he was supposed to be king , '' raffaele reminds me as he jots down notes on a sheet of paper . 
 he pauses to dip his quill in an inkwell sitting on the floor . 
 `` he trained with the inquisitors as a child . '' 
 enzo waits for his opponent to strike first . 
 for a long minute , nothing happens . 
 the others call out jeers and encouragement from the edges of the circle . 
 then , suddenly-spider lunges at enzo , his wooden sword slashing forward toward the prince 's left side . 
 my weak side . 
 the move is so fast that i see nothing more than a blur through the air-but somehow , enzo manages to predict the strike and darts out of the way at the last second . 
 fire sparks from his hands , engulfing him in a tight cylinder . 
 spider jumps back . 
 even with his speed , i can tell that the heat has singed the edges of his clothes . 
 enzo quells the flames at the same time as he dashes toward spider , as if materializing from behind a veil of orange and gold . 
 he strikes three times in rapid succession . 
 spider deflects the blows , one after another , then lunges back . 
 the two of them rage on in a tense battle . 
 the force of their hits echo in the cavern . 
 finally , enzo catches the tiring spider off guard . 
 he kicks spider 's sword out of his grasp , grabs the wooden hilt , and points it back at his opponent 's neck . 
 the other daggers let out whoops , while spider utters a growl of frustration . 
 duel 's over . 
 i let out a shaking breath as both of them lower their weapons and step away from each other . 
 enzo is dripping with sweat , his hair tousled and loose , his lean muscles straining . 
 as far as i can tell , spider is the only one who seems capable of working the prince so thoroughly . 
 enzo 's white linen shirt clings wet and translucent to his back . 
 as he adjusts his gloves , he casts me a sideways glance and notices me watching . 
 i try to avert my gaze . 
 in my mind , i picture what enzo might do to me if he finds out about my encounter with teren . 
 he will engulf me in flames . 
 enzo gives me a polite nod without smiling , then approaches spider to make sure he 's unharmed . 
 star thief-accompanied today by two coyotes instead of an eagle-claps . 
 the one called architect runs gangly hands through his hair as he marvels at enzo 's speed . 
 windwalker asks enzo how he made his last move . 
 even spider defers to him now as they exchange words i ca n't hear . 
 i clear my throat and return my attention to raffaele , who seems to be patiently finishing up his notes . 
 `` i hope you were concentrating during that duel , '' he says in a casual tone . 
 i blush at his teasing . 
 this is raffaele 's way of introducing me to the concept of energy-trying to teach me how to see threads of energy in the air . 
 i shake enzo out of my head , focus on my center , and search for my alignments to darkness and ambition , curiosity and fear . 
 i imagine myself leaving my body , rushing through the air , searching deep inside the souls of the sparring daggers , practicing my analysis of their small , subtle movements , looking for glimpses of their energy in action , weaving my way through them to see the glittering threads of energy that make up their hearts and minds . 
 my jaw tightens . 
 nothing . 
 i sigh . 
 i ca n't face teren like this . 
 powerless . 
 `` first you tell me that i need to master my abilities before i 'm a dagger , '' i say , turning back to raffaele . 
 `` how am i supposed to learn anything if i stay separate from everyone else ? '' 
 behind raffaele 's serene face , i notice a flash of something calculating . 
 `` the ambition is restless in you today . 
 but the surest way to slow your own progress is to rush yourself into situations you 're not yet ready for . '' 
 a firm note enters his voice . 
 `` patience . '' 
 careful , adelina . 
 you do n't want raffaele suspecting you . 
 `` why can i only call on my powers when threatened ? '' 
 i whisper instead . 
 from the corner of my vision , i see enzo leave the cavern . 
 my shoulders hunch slightly in disappointment . 
 `` think of this scenario , '' raffaele says . 
 `` a hundred years ago , when the beldish tried to invade our northern isles , a doomed army of forty kenettran soldiers managed to fight off four hundred beldish men , buying us time to get our reinforcements there . 
 sometimes , your body gives you strength that you ordinarily would n't have . 
 right ? '' 
 i nod . 
 the battle for cordonna isle is a well-known piece of history . 
 `` your specific power works the same way . 
 when you 're pushed to extreme fear or anger , your body magnifies your energy tenfold , sometimes a hundredfold . 
 it is n't like this for everyone-certainly not for me , nor for our star thief , whose alignment with joy means that her strength scatters when she 's frightened or angry . 
 but you ? '' 
 raffaele leans back and regards me thoughtfully . 
 `` now we just need to figure out how you can use that strength without death clawing at your throat . 
 enzo would rather you not risk your life every time you call on your abilities . '' 
 i lean back against the pillar . 
 i almost want to laugh . 
 if my life must be threatened in order to bring out my abilities , then i should be swimming in power by now . 
 raffaele watches me with a small smile on his lips that sends my heart racing . 
 today he 's dressed in robes of pale gold , and his smooth face is unadorned except for some shimmering powder lining his eyes . 
 how is it possible for such small things to accent his beauty so much ? 
 there is no one immune to his charms , i 've noticed . 
 he makes even the sarcastic windwalker blush with a tilt of his head , and when he teases spider , the hulking boy coughs in embarrassment in spite of himself . 
 over the past few days , i 've occasionally glimpsed raffaele down at the court 's entrance with clients . 
 yesterday , he was with a beautiful young lady . 
 the day before , a handsome nobleman . 
 it did not matter who the client was . 
 i watched him ensnare them with nothing more than a smile and a sweep of his eyes . 
 every time , the client 's face looked stricken with desire . 
 every time , i could believe wholeheartedly that he was in love with them . 
 raffaele picks up several smooth pebbles from the floor . 
 he places them in a line before me . 
 `` let 's start simple , '' he says . 
 `` use the darkness inside you before seeking it out in the world around you . '' 
 he nods down at the pebbles . 
 `` these stones are light gray . 
 i want you to convince me that they are black . '' 
 i turn my attention to them . 
 use the darkness inside you . 
 i tell myself to focus on my fear and hatred , dragging my darker thoughts and memories to the surface . 
 then i reach for the threads of energy inside me . 
 i can feel them , but they stay just out of my grasp . 
 beside me , raffaele takes some notes on his paper . 
 recording my progress and shifts in energy , no doubt . 
 i try for several minutes before i sigh and look up . 
 raffaele only nods at me . 
 `` cheer up , mi adelinetta , '' he says . 
 `` you were able to conjure your energy during your first test . 
 take your time and keep trying . '' 
 i concentrate on the rocks again . 
 this time , i close my eye . 
 in the darkness , i tune out the sounds of the others training , revisiting instead the night of my father 's death . 
 my thoughts turn from my father to my sister . 
 a memory emerges of our early days , the way she would tuck my hair behind my ears , how she 'd fall asleep against my shoulder in the warm slant of afternoon light . 
 the image flashes away , replaced by one of her crouched in the corner of a dark prison cell . 
 teren stands behind me , whispering in my ear . 
 trapping me . 
 anger stirs painfully in the pit of my stomach , and i let it fester there , gathering weight and pulling my heart down until i feel the familiar lurch in my chest . 
 i open my eye and reach into myself . 
 this time , i feel strings of energy pulled taut inside me , and my mind brushes past them like hands on a harp . 
 i pull on them . 
 my pull is unsteady , and i struggle to control the grasp . 
 my brows furrow with the effort of hanging on to them . 
 before me , the rocks still stay as gray as ever ... but a few feet away from them , a small ribbon of darkness creeps up from the ground . 
 i gasp at the sight . 
 `` raffaele , '' i breathe . 
 `` look ! '' 
 the instant i say it , my concentration breaks and the strings of energy slip out of my grasp . 
 my illusion falls back into the ground . 
 i let out my breath as the fear pooling in my stomach trembles . 
 raffaele watches me quietly . 
 i try again . 
 my hand brushes past the strings of energy . 
 i grab at them . 
 suddenly a blade flashes silver before me . 
 i duck on instinct . 
 someone laughs over me , and i realize that it 's the spider . 
 he 's rushed at me from the other side of the cavern . 
 `` a little dark ribbon , '' he says with disdain . 
 `` i 'm terrified . '' 
 raffaele gives the enormous boy a warning stare . 
 `` do n't , '' he says . 
 `` or what , consort ? '' 
 spider sneers at me as he sheathes his dagger . 
 `` does it scare the little lamb ? '' 
 raffaele arches an eyebrow . 
 `` would you like to take this up with enzo ? 
 i would not test his temper a few weeks before the tournament of storms . '' 
 the tournament of storms ? 
 what do they have planned for the biggest festival of the year ? 
 a moment of doubt flickers across spider 's face , but he hides it immediately . 
 `` tell enzo whatever you like , '' he growls . 
 then he turns his back . 
 irritation floods me , a release of all my pent-up fear and anxiety . 
 before i can think through what i 'm doing , i stand up and reach out . 
 this time , i see the energy threads connecting me to spider . 
 i pull on them . 
 a dark silhouette bursts from the ground before him , stopping him dead in his tracks . 
 it 's thin and transparent , hardly threatening . 
 but it 's there . 
 the shapeless phantom bares its teeth at him and lets out a hiss . 
 spider whips his dagger out . 
 i ca n't hang on-the illusion vanishes . 
 i stand still , unable to believe that i just pulled it from the ground . 
 the other elites stop to watch what 's happening . 
 star thief frowns at me in concern . 
 `` leave her alone , '' she calls out to spider , but he just ignores her . 
 spider turns back in my direction and smiles . 
 in an instant , he has a blade pointed at the base of my neck . 
 cold metal presses against my skin . 
 `` careful you do n't take too big a step , little girl , '' he mutters . 
 `` you and your silhouettes . '' 
 `` soon i 'll know more than just silhouettes , '' i murmur back . 
 the illusion i created makes me suddenly bold , and i clench my teeth , eager for violence . 
 `` wait and see . '' 
 his lips curl at my challenge , but i just stare back , unafraid . 
 `` no , you wo n't . '' 
 he smiles , then leans close to whisper in my ear . 
 `` when that becomes obvious to everyone else , i 'll enjoy watching enzo slit your throat . '' 
 his blade digs into my neck again . 
 i fantasize about turning around his dagger , cutting him slowly from ear to ear , seeing his blood bubble from his mouth . 
 the image flashes through my mind like lightning , leaving me swimming in a moment of terror and absolute delight . 
 my father 's delight . 
 go ahead . 
 i want to see you try it . 
 maybe i should give teren his name , when i go to the inquisition tower . 
 `` enough , '' raffaele snaps . 
 the sharpness in his voice startles me . 
 i do n't think anyone has ever defended me so adamantly . 
 spider pulls away with a laugh . 
 `` i was just playing around , '' he says in a nonchalant voice . 
 `` no harm done . '' 
 i shiver . 
 i do n't think raffaele heard what spider whispered to me . 
 i hope he did n't sense the image i fantasized about . 
 at the other end of the cavern , star thief casts me a sympathetic glance and then rolls her eyes at spider . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 raffaele asks me . 
 i manage to nod , and he sighs . 
 `` i apologize . 
 he resents enzo 's interest in you . 
 he has always considered himself enzo 's best fighter , and he dislikes that the prince 's eye has now wandered . 
 give him time . '' 
 i silently thank him for his concern . 
 my heart lurches embarrassingly at the thought that enzo is interested in me . 
 in my potential powers , i correct myself . 
 spider 's words remain in my thoughts , taunting me , and i feel the ghost of his blade cold on my neck . 
 would enzo really slit my throat ? 
 as if on cue , the cavern doors swing open . 
 i jerk my head in its direction . 
 enzo comes back in , his long robes trailing behind him . 
 he pauses for a moment at the door , looking quietly around the cavern . 
 then , he whistles at star thief . 
 `` it 's time , '' he calls out . 
 `` how are you feeling today ? '' 
 star thief whispers at her two coyotes to stay , then hurries over and skids to a halt . 
 she gives him a cheeky look . 
 `` feeling pretty good , '' she replies with a quick bow . 
 `` as always . '' 
 a faint smile plays at the edge of enzo 's lips . 
 `` excellent . 
 let 's move . '' 
 star thief 's face lights up , and i have no trouble believing raffaele 's words that she aligns with joy . 
 she waves over the others . 
 raffaele rises to his feet in one fluid movement , then gives me a nod . 
 `` stay a while longer , if you 'd like to practice , '' he tells me . 
 `` we 'll return tonight . '' 
 they leave the cavern without a word . 
 i 'm the only one remaining . 
 enzo does n't even glance at me . 
 i realize i 've been holding my breath . 
 my darkness stirs in me , and i let it churn . 
 i have no idea what they were talking about . 
 obviously they 're off on another mission without me . 
 this is my chance to meet with teren . 
 the shock of that thought leaves me weak at the knees . 
 my week is almost up . 
 if the daggers will be gone for a while , busy with whatever it is they have planned , then i need to take advantage of this moment . 
 i suddenly look around the chamber , terrified that somehow one of them managed to overhear my silent thoughts . 
 the malfetto murder i saw days earlier comes back to me . 
 then , spider 's threat . 
 then , thoughts of my sister . 
 i 'll just go near the tower . 
 if it looks suspicious , i 'll leave . 
 i 'm not going inside . 
 i 'll just ... my thoughts fade away , drowned out by the beat of my heart . 
 i stand . 
 i start to move . 
 i 'm not even sure if i 'm in control of myself anymore , or if my body has decided to let my instincts take over . 
 i ascend the stairs and make my way past the main courtyard . 
 there , i glimpse the streets-and see them teeming with festivities . 
 the sky overhead looks dark and menacing . 
 something important is going on in the city today . 
 the daggers are on the move . 
 so am i. give a kenettran gold , and he will do business with you . 
 <br/> i stay quiet , unsure of what to say . 
 my thoughts blur together into a frantic river . 
 how little can i tell him , to keep violetta safe ? 
 what will satisfy him ? 
 i take a deep breath , then gather all the courage i can muster . 
 `` i 'll tell you nothing , if you ca n't prove you have her . '' 
 teren 's smile widens , and he regards me with a more interested look . 
 `` a bargainer , '' he murmurs . 
 he waits a long moment before he leans back in his chair . 
 he reaches into the space between his sleeve and his armguard . 
 `` i thought as much . '' 
 as i look on , he pulls something out and tosses it onto the table . 
 it lands with a clink . 
 i peer closer . 
 it 's a sapphire necklace that violetta likes to wear . 
 but it is even more than that-tied to the necklace 's silver chain is a long , thick lock of violetta 's dark hair . 
 my heart jumps into my throat . 
 `` before you begin , '' teren says , cutting through my thoughts , `` i want to make something very clear . '' 
 he leans forward . 
 his eyes pierce me . 
 `` my word is always good , so do not make a habit of testing it . 
 you will want to tell me the truth . 
 i have many , many eyes in this city . 
 if you lie , i will find out . 
 if you deny me what i want , i will hurt her . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 he has her here . 
 i press my hands hard into my dress to keep them from trembling . 
 `` yes , '' i whisper . 
 i do n't dare question him further . 
 `` now . 
 since it seems like you are at a loss for where to begin , let me help you along with some questions . '' 
 he leans on his knees with his elbows , and taps his hands together . 
 `` what have you been doing with the elites , up until now ? '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 i need to stall this for as long as i can . 
 `` resting , mostly , '' i reply . 
 i 'm surprised at how level my words are . 
 `` i was unconscious for many days . '' 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 teren almost looks sympathetic . 
 `` you had many injuries . '' 
 i nod in silence . 
 `` they do n't trust me yet , '' i decide to say . 
 `` they ... they wear those silver masks . 
 i do n't know their names or identities . '' 
 teren is not so easily fazed . 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 i swallow . 
 the air feels so heavy . 
 i must tell him something . 
 as if in a dream , i feel the words emerge . 
 `` they visit me occasionally at the fortunata court , '' i whisper . 
 teren smiles . 
 `` do they operate from there ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 i can hear my heartbeat . 
 the darkness growing in my chest makes me dizzy . 
 i sway in my seat , hungry to use the power . 
 i wish i had enzo 's abilities , i suddenly think , and the wish makes the ambition in me surge . 
 i wish i had the power to burn this entire tower to the ground . 
 `` tell me , adelina , '' teren says , watching me curiously . 
 `` what are they planning ? '' 
 with a great effort , i push the rising darkness down . 
 i can not use my powers on him . 
 i 'm too weak . 
 besides , what would a bunch of shadows do ? 
 i clear my throat . 
 what can i tell him , what will do the least harm ? 
 `` they are planning something for the tournament of storms , '' i manage to say . 
 `` i do n't know what . '' 
 teren considers my words . 
 then , he claps his hands once , and a moment later , an inquisitor opens the door . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 teren waves him over . 
 he whispers something in the other man 's ear that i can not hear . 
 the man casts me a wary look . 
 finally , teren pulls away . 
 `` tell the king immediately , '' he says . 
 the other inquisitor bows low . 
 `` of course , sir . '' 
 he hurries off . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 teren asks me . 
 raffaele 's gentle face appears in my thoughts , and with it comes a stab of guilt . 
 i 've given him so little . 
 please , let this be enough to satisfy him . 
 `` that 's all i know , '' i whisper . 
 `` i need more time . '' 
 for a long moment , teren does n't move . 
 just as i start to think that he 'll demand more from me this visit , he relaxes and looks away . 
 `` you came to me today , '' he says . 
 `` and that is a useful start . 
 thank you for your information . 
 for keeping your word , i shall keep mine . 
 your sister is safe . '' 
 tears spring to my eye , and i slump in relief . 
 `` she is safe-for as long as you continue to satisfy me . '' 
 his eyes swivel back to me . 
 `` when will i see you again ? '' 
 `` two weeks , '' i say hoarsely . 
 `` give me two more weeks . '' 
 at his silence , i look down . 
 `` please . '' 
 finally , he nods . 
 `` very well . '' 
 he rises . 
 `` you may go . '' 
 and that is all . 
 teren guides me out of the tower through a small back entrance hidden behind a gate and an alley . 
 before he lets me go , he takes my hands in his . 
 he bends down to brush his lips against one of my cheeks . 
 `` you 've done well , '' he whispers . 
 he kisses my other cheek . 
 `` keep it up . '' 
 then he leaves me alone , and i wander back through the city 's streets on trembling legs . 
 i am a traitor . 
 what have i done ? 
 i wander , lost in a daze , until i realize that i 've made my way back in the direction from where the earlier festivities had been going on . 
 here , silent streets make way for noisy revelers again , and before i know it , i turn a street corner and find myself engulfed by a cheering mob . 
 my fear and exhaustion make way for a touch of curiosity . 
 what 's all the commotion ? 
 there 's no way i can make it back to the fortunata court without going through all these people . 
 then i turn another corner with the crowd , and we enter the largest public square i 've ever seen . 
 the piazza is surrounded on three sides by water canals . 
 people fill the space where they can , but most of it is completely fenced off with thick lengths of rope . 
 looping around the piazza is a dirt track , which several inquisitors are inspecting . 
 a line of people dressed in elaborate silk costumes and ornate masks parade along the edge of the track , standard-bearers and trumpeters and arlecchinos , aristocrats and their valets , all waving at the cheering onlookers . 
 my eye wanders the crowd , which now looks roughly partitioned into segments of people waving either red , blue , gold , or green silks in the air . 
 people crowd onto the balconies lining the square . 
 each balcony has colorful flags hanging from it , muted by the dark sky . 
 a horse race . 
 i 'd witnessed several before in dalia , although none were quite this big of a spectacle . 
 i glance around the piazza , looking for a good route back to the court . 
 the daggers ' mission today must have to do with this . 
 i look up to the balconies . 
 now i pick out the royal seats-on a building situated at the front of the racetrack is a balcony that gives a perfect view , its iron railings decorated with gold and white silks . 
 but the king and queen are n't there . 
 maybe their royal seats are just for show . 
 a low rumble of thunder echoes through the city . 
 `` ladies and noblemen ! 
 fellow spectators ! '' 
 one of the costumed men on the racetrack holds both arms high in the air . 
 the race 's trumpeter , the official announcer . 
 his booming voice hushes the roar of the crowd . 
 the parade of colorful costumes pauses , and the scene changes from one of merry chaos to one of hushed anticipation . 
 inquisitors stand around the square , ready to keep order if needed . 
 thunder rumbles overhead , as if in warning . 
 `` welcome to the qualifying races for estenzia ! '' 
 the trumpeter calls out . 
 he turns in a circle so that everyone can see him , and then stops to face the direction of the empty royal balconies . 
 he bows low with an elaborate flourish . 
 `` let this be a tribute to our royal majesties , and the prosperity they bring to kenettra . '' 
 the response surprises me-no clapping or cheers from the crowd . 
 just a rumble of unrest and a few scattered long live the king shouts uttered . 
 back home in dalia , people complained about the king . 
 now i 'm hearing that resentment firsthand . 
 i imagine enzo seated in the royal seats instead , the crown prince and rightful ruler . 
 how natural he would look . 
 how many of these spectators are loyal to enzo ? 
 how many are elite supporters ? 
 for an instant , i dare to imagine myself up there on the balcony . 
 the thought of such power leaves me trembling . 
 the announcer turns his attention back to the crowd . 
 `` today , you will select from estenzia the fastest riders to send to this summer 's tournament of storms . 
 three racers have been chosen from each of our city 's quarters . 
 as tradition decrees , the top three racers from today 's roster of those twelve will continue on . '' 
 he grins widely , his teeth shining a brilliant white under his glittering half mask . 
 he puts one hand to his ear in an exaggerated gesture . 
 `` which quarter will come out on top ? '' 
 here , the crowd 's enthusiasm erupts . 
 they roar with the names of their quarters . 
 colored silks wave furiously through the air . 
 `` i 'm hearing the red quarter ! '' 
 the announcer taunts , causing a fresh round of cheering as the other three quarters scream themselves hoarse . 
 `` wait-now i 'm hearing the blue quarter . 
 but the green quarter has a strong crop of three-year-old colts this year , as does the gold quarter . 
 who will it be ? '' 
 he waves his hands in a flourish . 
 `` shall we see our riders ? '' 
 the crowd shrieks . 
 i stay frozen in place . 
 the tournament of storms . 
 this is what raffaele had been talking about earlier . 
 this is why the daggers are here-this is their mission . 
 they are trying to get one of their own to qualify for the tournament of storms ' horse race , probably to get a shot at the king in a very public arena . 
 my head feels fuzzy with the shock . 
 and now i 've alerted teren to it . 
 amid the chaos of cheers , the first three stallions parade out . 
 red quarter citizens wave silks in the air , patting the horses ' sides as they trot through the masses and onto the track . 
 i 'm momentarily distracted . 
 it takes only one look to know that these stallions have superior blood to the horses i remember from my father 's estate . 
 these are sunland purebreds , with perfectly arched necks and flared nostrils , their eyes still glowing with the wild temper that my horses had long ago lost . 
 they toss their decorated manes adorned with red silks as their riders , similarly adorned , wave at their supporters . 
 then , the green quarter 's riders and their steeds come trotting out . 
 this is when i let out a small gasp . 
 one of the green quarter 's riders is star thief . 
 the purple marking across her face is visible and prominent . 
 `` lady gemma of house salvatore , riding master aquino 's glorious stallion keepsake ! '' 
 he goes on to list out the stallion 's past wins , but i 'm no longer listening . 
 in the midst of the roaring crowds , i realize that gemma 's family must be a wealthy and powerful one , for a malfetto like her to be allowed to compete like this . 
 i should head back to the fortunata court , before they find me missing . 
 but the spectacle is too much to resist , and my feet stay chained to the ground , my stare fixed on the girl i know as the star thief . 
 gemma 's presence stirs a near riot in the crowd . 
 i hear `` malfetto ! '' 
 spat out in the air , mixing with a loud roar of boos , and when i take a good look at the crowd , i notice people who have put false markings on themselves , jeering and taunting gemma with exaggerated purple patches painted on their own faces . 
 one of them even flings rotten fruit at her . 
 `` bastard child ! '' 
 he screams , a cruel grimace twisting his face . 
 gemma ignores him , keeping her head high as her horse trots past . 
 other insults fly fast and thick . 
 a noble lady still gets insults like this ? 
 i bite my cheeks at the sharp twinge of anger that shoots through me-until i notice , with a start , that there are people defending her too . 
 loudly . 
 in fact , huge crowds of people are waving their flags in the air in her support , most from her green quarter , some even from the other quarters . 
 i suck in my breath , and my anger changes to bewilderment-then to excitement . 
 i look on in awe as gemma nods in their direction . 
 never in my life have i seen such a sight . 
 the tension between gemma 's supporters and enemies crackles in the air , an early taste of potential civil war , and i take in a deep breath , as if to inhale the power it gives me . 
 not everyone hates malfettos , enzo had said . 
 my eye darts nervously to the inquisitors , who look poised to act . 
 gemma soaks in the attention . 
 she tosses her dark hair and grins back at the spectators , focusing on the ones who shout out their support for her . 
 then she hops up onto her stallion 's back in one fluid motion . 
 she balances there on both feet , nimble and petite , her arms crossed in satisfaction . 
 gemma waves , then jumps back down into a seated position . 
 the entire time , her stallion stays perfectly calm . 
 of the competitors so far , she is the only malfetto . 
 the next two quarters ' competitors finally trot out , and the twelve organize themselves into a staggered line at one end of the track . 
 the crowd 's roar is thunderous now . 
 gemma rubs her horse 's neck , and the stallion paws the ground in anticipation . 
 `` riders , prepare your horses ! '' 
 the announcer calls out . 
 the crowd 's roar dies down for a brief second as everyone hushes to watch the start . 
 the trumpeter lifts a bright yellow silk weighted down with a stone . 
 he flings it skyward . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he screams . 
 the horses break . 
 the crowd explodes . 
 a cloud of dust showers the track as the riders race their first lap around the track . 
 i squint through the haze , then finally catch sight of gemma 's green silks flying in the pack . 
 she 's among the last half , but she wears a grin that could split her face . 
 first lap . 
 a red rider 's ahead , and gemma is ninth . 
 i find myself cheering for her silently . 
 all around me is screaming and shouting as each person calls out the names of their favorites . 
 the chaos reminds me of my execution day , and with that , i feel darkness gathering within me . 
 raffaele had told me to watch the empty space , to look for threads of energy in the air . 
 the horses thunder around the bend and past me . 
 gemma has her head thrown back in a wild laugh , her dark hair streaming out behind her like a curtain . 
 i focus on the space between her and the other riders . 
 there 's the flicker of something shining in the corner of my eye . 
 it vanishes when i try to look directly at it . 
 the horses storm down the track again , nearing the end of the second lap . 
 only one more lap to go . 
 gemma is still in ninth . 
 then suddenly , she makes her move-she pulls on her stallion 's mane , leans close to his neck , and whispers to him . 
 at the same time , a gust of wind blows through the square . 
 windwalker . 
 she must be watching from a vantage point . 
 gemma starts moving up . 
 fast . 
 ninth to seventh , then seventh to sixth . 
 then fifth . 
 fifth to fourth , to third . 
 the cheers of the green quarter 's onlookers turn fever pitched . 
 my heart thuds furiously . 
 with windwalker 's help , and her own abilities , gemma pulls gradually into second . 
 i hold my breath . 
 concentrate . 
 i stare hard at gemma . 
 for a split second , i think i see threads glittering in the air , a thousand different colors , moving and shifting like strings on a loom . 
 the red riders in first and third place try to block her , forcing her between them . 
 but gemma pushes harder-the two other riders ' horses toss their heads , startled , when dust kicks up near their hooves . 
 windwalker must 've sent a curtain of wind to their legs , pushing them back . 
 a quarter of a lap to go . 
 gemma 's horse suddenly pulls ahead in a burst of speed-right into first place . 
 the others try to catch her , but it 's too late . 
 she crosses the finish line . 
 the trumpeter flings the yellow silk in the air again , and shrieks fill the air . 
 the green quarter is a sea of dancing silks . 
 she won . 
 i ca n't resist a smile of relief , even as i pretend to be as subdued as the rest of the blue quarter i 'm standing with . 
 perhaps all teren can do with the information i gave him is to post more inquisitors to the tournament when it happens . 
 perhaps i did n't affect the daggers ' plans . 
 all around the square are boos , furious shouts of `` disqualify her ! '' 
 and `` malfetto , '' accusations that she is one of the young elites . 
 still , no one can argue . 
 we saw her win the race . 
 the trumpeter approaches gemma , who is taking a bow from where she 's standing balanced on her stallion 's back , and hands her the weighted yellow silk with a ceremonial flourish . 
 even though he stays festive , i notice him avoid contact with her , jerking his hand away so that he ca n't be dirtied by her touch . 
 gemma 's smile wavers , the first sign that she 's bothered by the treatment-but she still lifts her head high and masks her discomfort behind a widening grin . 
 then the trumpeter goes around to the other riders , handing each of them a length of green silk . 
 the tradition is the same as it is in dalia : the losing riders must wear the color of the winner 's quarters on their arms for the next three days , to show their good sport . 
 `` lady gemma of house salvatore ! '' 
 the trumpeter shouts . 
 `` order ! 
 order ! '' 
 one of the inquisitors calls out from where they 're fencing in the people , but only a few seem willing to listen to him . 
 the green quarter in particular is a frenzy of color and sound . 
 the other quarters murmur indignantly among themselves . 
 i start pushing my way out of the crowd , the way i 'd come . 
 if the races are over , then i should head back before anyone notices i 'm gone . 
 `` order , i say ! '' 
 the inquisitor barks out . 
 i halt where i am . 
 more inquisitors block the square 's exits , forcing me to stay put . 
 one inquisitor calls the trumpeter aside , says something to him that the crowd ca n't hear-and then , to my surprise , calls two other inquisitors over to force gemma to dismount from her horse . 
 the other riders hurriedly make their way off the track and into the crowd . 
 the crowd stirs as one inquisitor rides his steed into the middle of the square . 
 he holds his hands up for quiet . 
 `` ladies and noblemen , '' he begins , `` i congratulate the green district and their malfetto on her spectacular win . '' 
 gemma stands uncomfortably alone in the square , suddenly unhappy with all the attention . 
 i have to get out of here . 
 now . 
 `` however , i bring news from the palace . 
 his majesty has decreed that malfettos are no longer eligible for the tournament of storms . '' 
 immediately , the red and blue districts cheer-while the green erupts into angry shouts . 
 out in the square , gemma remains on the track , uneasy and tense . 
 i swallow hard . 
 a wave of guilt hits me . 
 this is my doing . 
 the trumpeter exchanges a few more bewildered words with the inquisitors . 
 then , he goes around to each of the other riders , collects their green sashes back , and hands them a red one instead , silently acknowledging the second place finisher 's win . 
 the green quarter roars their fury . 
 already , scuffles are breaking out in the crowd . 
 my gaze stays on gemma 's lone figure out in the square , bewildered and helpless , and for a moment i 'm reminded of violetta . 
 the inquisitors hold her there , as if they think she 'd throw a fit . 
 the trumpeter hands her a red sash . 
 my hands grip the edges of my silks so tightly that i swear my nails are cutting open the skin of my palms . 
 threads of energy glitter in the air , signs of the crowd 's - of my own-rising fear . 
 my fingertips tingle , humming with the growing power . 
 through the masses , my father 's ghost appears and disappears . 
 he glides through the people , his haunting smile fixated on me . 
 gemma 's cheeks burn with shame . 
 the crowd falls into complete silence . 
 one of the inquisitors holding her now wraps the red sash around her upper right arm . 
 she bites her lip , keeping her eyes turned downward . 
 the inquisitor winds it three times , then yanks it viciously tight . 
 gemma gasps out loud and winces . 
 `` sir barra of the red quarter ! '' 
 the trumpeter calls out , as the new winner holds his arms up . 
 gemma 's eyes stay down . 
 get out of there , i suddenly think at her , wishing she could hear me . 
 a million threads hang over the square . 
 suddenly , someone in the crowd hurls a rock at the inquisitor 's head . 
 the inquisitor blocks it with his sword before it can reach him , and it clatters off the metal and falls harmlessly to the ground . 
 his eyes search the crowd for his attacker , but all he sees is a sea of stricken faces , suddenly silent and pale . 
 i tense along with the crowd . 
 in dalia , attacking an inquisitor is punishable by death . 
 the inquisitor nods at his companions . 
 gemma lets out a cry of protest as they force her to her knees . 
 the crowd gasps . 
 even the troublemakers , the ones who had insulted gemma so freely earlier , now look uncertain . 
 to my shame , excitement instead of horror wells up in my chest , and my fingertips tingle . 
 my darkness is a building storm , black as the sky , the threads wound tight with tension and filling every crevice of my mind . 
 the daggers must be preparing to make a move . 
 they must be ready to save her . 
 right ? 
 raffaele said that gemma 's powers scatter when she 's frightened . 
 `` perhaps we need a harsher reminder for this audience , '' the inquisitor snaps , `` on the etiquette of good sport . '' 
 he presses his sword against her neck hard enough to draw blood . 
 where are you , enzo ? 
 i ca n't hold back any longer . 
 i have to do something . 
 before i can stop myself , i reach out with my mind and pull on the strings of energy inside me . 
 the ease hits me with a thrill . 
 there is so much tension to feed on here-so much unease and ugliness , such dark feelings . 
 raffaele 's words flash through my thoughts . 
 i focus , gathering all my concentration on the specific threads i 'm pulling , knowing what i want to make . 
 the threads push back , protesting the change , but i force them to bend to my will . 
 up on the roofs , shadowy silhouettes rise . 
 sweat beads on my forehead , but i force myself to keep my focus . 
 i struggle to hold on to the threads , but there are so many of them . 
 clenching my teeth , i force the shape of the silhouettes to change . 
 and for the first time-they listen to me . 
 the silhouettes take on the shapes of daggers , their dark hoods and silver masks intact , crouching by the dozens on the rooftops like silent sentinels , black against the stormy sky . 
 i hold them all in position there . 
 my breaths turn ragged . 
 i feel like i 've been running for hours . 
 some of the silhouettes quiver , barely able to retain their shape . 
 hold on . 
 they stabilize . 
 i catch my breath at how real they look . 
 the inquisitors glance up at the roofs . 
 the sword falls away from gemma . 
 `` the elites ! '' 
 several in the crowd shriek , pointing up at my illusion . 
 `` they 're here ! '' 
 the crowd bursts into screams . 
 the horses startle . 
 gemma hops to her feet , her eyes wide , and seizes the moment to scamper back into the crowd . 
 the rush of darkness through me is intoxicating and irresistible , and i find myself embracing it , letting it cover my insides like ink . 
 such power over these little masses . 
 i love it . 
 i 'm not strong enough to hold the illusion in place . 
 the silhouettes scatter into nothingness as soon as i pull them back below the roofline . 
 i shove my way frantically out of the square with the others . 
 my sudden burst of bravado is replaced with anger at myself . 
 now enzo will know for certain that i was here-they might find out why i was really in the streets . 
 they might find out about my meeting with teren , and what i told him . 
 nausea churns in me . 
 i have to leave here . 
 all around me , people try to flood out of the square . 
 some inquisitors are blocking the exits , but there are too many of us and not enough of them . 
 i 'm careful to stay close to the walls of the buildings as people shove past me . 
 all around me is a blur of chaos and colors , masked faces and the sensation of others ' fear . 
 threads of energy glitter in the air . 
 then , out of nowhere-an arrow comes flying from the sky and hits an inquisitor in the chest . 
 it hits him so hard that it knocks him off his horse . 
 the people near him shriek , scattering in all directions . 
 another arrow comes flying , and then another . 
 the inquisitors turn their attention to their invisible attackers-and as they do , the people finally break past the blocked paths and free themselves from the square . 
 my heart hammers in my chest at the sight of blood . 
 the daggers . 
 i stumble out of the square , then retrace my steps as i rush along with others . 
 behind me , i hear inquisitors shouting for order-the sounds of scuffles tell me that they 're making arrests as they go . 
 i rush on . 
 energy courses through me in relentless waves , feeding me even as i try to ignore the flood of power in my veins . 
 in spite of everything , i feel a strange sense of glee . 
 all this chaos is of my own creation . 
 by the time i reach the court , i 'm soaked in sweat . 
 my breaths come hard . 
 i round a corner to the side wall of the court facing a narrow street , then climb on the ivy and hoist myself over the low ledge . 
 i collapse inside the courtyard . 
 then i pick myself up , dust off my hands , and pull open a side gate that leads to the inner chambers . 
 finally , i reach the secret wall . 
 i push on it , step through , and rush toward my room . 
 there . 
 i 've made it back before the others . 
 i 'll head to my room and - but someone 's already waiting for me in the hall . 
 it 's enzo . 
 the sudden sight of him catches me by surprise . 
 any hope of being spared his wrath is dashed when i see the expression on his face . 
 his eyes are alight , the scarlet in them brighter than usual . 
 `` you were to stay here , '' he says . 
 his voice is deadly quiet . 
 `` why did you leave ? '' 
 panic rises in my throat . 
 he knows . 
 something stirs behind him . 
 i glance over his shoulder to see windwalker , her mask off . 
 spider lurks farther down the hall , his arms crossed as he leans against the wall . 
 he looks smug , eager to see me punished . 
 `` huh , '' he says . 
 `` little lamb 's in trouble . '' 
 i keep my focus on enzo and try to think of some clever comeback . 
 anything to protect myself . 
 `` i - '' i start to say . 
 `` i wanted to help - '' `` you caused a riot out there , '' spider interrupts me . 
 `` ever stop to think of what might happen if you lost control of your powers ? '' 
 `` i stepped in for gemma , '' i reply , suddenly angry . 
 `` i was n't about to wait around and see her killed . '' 
 spider 's lips curl up . 
 `` maybe it 's time you keep your words locked inside that pretty little mouth , where they belong . '' 
 my voice flattens . 
 `` careful . 
 lest i hurt you . '' 
 i do n't even know where the words come from until they 've already left me . 
 enzo hushes us both with a shake of his head . 
 `` dante , '' he says , without bothering to glance over his shoulder . 
 it takes me a second to realize that enzo has revealed the spider 's real name to me . 
 `` you 're dismissed . '' 
 the boy 's rage changes to disbelief-at the use of his name in front of me , or at his dismissal , maybe both . 
 `` you 'll let this girl have her way ? '' 
 he spits out . 
 `` she could have gotten one of us killed . 
 she could have ruined the entire mission - '' `` the inquisition ruined the mission , '' enzo interrupts . 
 his eyes stay on me , and i feel the familiar shudder pulse through my heart . 
 `` you 're dismissed . 
 do not make me say it again . '' 
 dante hesitates for a moment . 
 then he pushes away from the wall . 
 `` watch your back , little lamb , '' he snaps at me before stalking off down the hall . 
 windwalker watches him go , shrugs , and regards me with a suspicious look . 
 `` now what , reaper ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` a whole new plan for the tournament of storms ? '' 
 `` no need . '' 
 she snorts . 
 `` but they 've disqualified gemma , '' she says . 
 `` she ca n't get close to the royals if she wo n't be able to race . '' 
 enzo studies me with a gaze so intense that it leaves my cheeks red . 
 `` not if someone disguises her , '' he replies . 
 i blink , my mind spinning with the new information they 're feeding me . 
 first , spider 's real name . 
 now , this . 
 is he ... pleased with me ? 
 permitting me to participate in the daggers ' plans ? 
 i could learn to disguise gemma . 
 i could disguise any one of them to ride in the race . 
 enzo steps closer until he 's now barely a foot away from me . 
 the heat emanating from him burns my skin through the fabric of my clothes . 
 he reaches out one hand and touches the clasp that pins my cloak at my neck . 
 the metal turns white hot . 
 when i look down , i see threads fraying on the cloak 's cloth , their ends blackened and singed . 
 my fear rises up into my throat . 
 `` you want to train faster , '' he says . 
 i keep my chin up , refusing to let him see my anxiety . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he 's silent . 
 a second later , he removes his hand from my cloak 's clasp , and the heat is sucked out of the melting metal as if it were never there . 
 i 'm shocked it did n't burn straight through to my skin . 
 when i look back up at enzo , i notice a tiny spark of something else behind his rage . 
 something in his eyes that sends a different kind of warmth tingling through me . 
 `` so be it , '' he replies . 
 my heart jumps . 
 `` but i warn you , adelina . 
 dante is right . 
 there is one line you do not cross with me . '' 
 his eyes narrow as he folds his hands behind his back . 
 `` you do not recklessly endanger my elites . '' 
 his words sting , labeling me as someone separate from them . 
 i am separate from them . 
 i am a spy and a traitor . 
 besides , what if things had gone horribly wrong when i used my powers ? 
 if i had n't been there , the other daggers would surely have made a move to protect her , and they are certainly more skilled than i am . 
 what if gemma had instead been harmed during my antics , because i did n't know what i was doing ? 
 what if the inquisition had chosen to blame her for the false elites on the roofs ? 
 what if teren had seen me out there ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i murmur at the ground , hoping he does n't hear in my voice all the reasons why . 
 enzo makes no indication that he has accepted my apology . 
 his stare feels like it can burn straight through my skin . 
 `` this will be the last time you disobey me . '' 
 he says it without a single hesitation , and i realize , with a horrible shudder , that he means exactly what he says . 
 if he finds out about teren , he really will kill me . 
 `` tomorrow . '' 
 his voice is hard as diamond . 
 `` be at the cavern by dawn . 
 let 's see how fast you can learn . '' 
 then he breaks the stare , steps away from me , and leaves down the hall . 
 windwalker lingers for a moment . 
 she gives me a small nudge and a grudging smile , then extends a hand . 
 `` i 'm lucent , '' she says . 
 i take her hand , unsure what to say in return . 
 another barrier between me and the daggers breaks down . 
 i do n't know whether to feel joy or guilt . 
 `` that 's his way of showing thanks for your help , by the way , '' she says before she turns away . 
 `` congratulations . 
 he 's going to train you himself . '' 
 teren santoro do you have any idea who lady gemma is ? '' 
 teren stays bowed before the king . 
 `` yes , your majesty . '' 
 `` do you realize that baron salvatore is her father ? '' 
 `` i apologize , your majesty . '' 
 `` you 're a damn fool of a lead inquisitor . 
 i can not afford to anger a nobleman like baron salvatore . 
 and he is furious . 
 you do not allow your inquisitors to threaten his daughter in public and make an embarrassment of me . 
 even if she is a malfetto . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` but your decree , your majesty - '' the king makes a disgusted sound . 
 `` carry out my decree discreetly . '' 
 he leans back in his chair . 
 `` and the young elites attacked the qualifying races . 
 you still have n't caught a single one . '' 
 teren clamps down on his rising frustration . 
 `` no , your majesty . '' 
 `` i should throw you in a dungeon cell . '' 
 teren keeps his eyes cast down at the throne room 's marble floor . 
 his teeth are clenched . 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' he says , but furious thoughts swarm in his mind . 
 what a fool of a king . 
 he wants the elites captured , but he 's too cowardly to jeopardize his political relations . 
 he 's too cowardly to wage real war on malfettos . 
 teren does n't mention aloud that his inquisitors threatened lady gemma on purpose . 
 that it had been the queen 's idea . 
 that the game they play is tightening . 
 turn the king 's nobles against the king , and he weakens . 
 and as soon as adelina delivers her information ... beside the king , queen giulietta leans over to whisper something in her husband 's ear . 
 the king just waves her off in annoyance . 
 teren 's temper flares . 
 giulietta glances briefly at him . 
 patience , my teren , her eyes seem to say . 
 everything will fall together . 
 `` the next time you embarrass me , '' the king goes on , `` i will have your head . '' 
 teren bows lower . 
 `` there wo n't be a next time , your majesty , '' he answers loudly . 
 the king looks smug and satisfied . 
 he has not understood the double meaning in teren 's words . 
 i hereby pledge to serve the dagger society , to strike fear into <br/> by the time i get to the cavern , enzo 's already waiting for me . 
 the rest of the space is empty . 
 he 's dressed in a dark doublet , and his dagger hood is down , revealing his scarlet red hair . 
 the anger that burned in his eyes last night is now replaced with cold sternness . 
 i 'm not entirely sure what he expects me to do , so i stop several feet in front of him and bow my head once . 
 here , alone , i suddenly feel small-i had n't realized how much taller he is than i am . 
 `` good morning , '' i say . 
 `` you asked for me , your highness , so here i am . '' 
 enzo watches me . 
 i wonder if he 'll comment on how i 'd controlled my illusions yesterday . 
 the memory makes me puff up a bit with pride . 
 surely he must be proud of that , regardless of the way i did it . 
 `` you want a challenge , '' he replies after a pause . 
 his voice reverberates in the empty space . 
 i lift my chin . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i make sure my answer sounds firm . 
 a faint spark of red shines in his eyes . 
 `` does it excite you , feeling fear ? '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 but the words remind me of the chaos that had surrounded me at the races yesterday , and i ca n't help the rush of power the memory brings . 
 `` what do you want to learn so badly , adelina ? '' 
 enzo asks . 
 i give him a level stare . 
 `` everything , '' i reply , surprised by my calmness . 
 he holds out his gloved hands . 
 tendrils of smoke rise from both of his palms . 
 `` i am not raffaele , '' he warns . 
 `` brace yourself . '' 
 suddenly , two columns of fire explode to either side of me-they roar to the ceiling and rush out in two long lines , imprisoning me in a corridor of fire . 
 i stumble backward a step , then try to focus on enzo . 
 you did this yesterday ; you can do it again now . 
 i pull on the strings of energy i see . 
 a hulking beast of a silhouette begins to rise from the ground . 
 but i have n't concentrated for two seconds when enzo rushes at me . 
 metal shines in both hands-his daggers are drawn . 
 he lunges for me . 
 my concentration breaks-my illusion vanishes . 
 i throw myself to the ground and roll out of his way . 
 the edges of my boots hit the wall of fire . 
 i wince at the heat , then scramble frantically away . 
 enzo 's on me again before i can blink . 
 metal flashes before my eye . 
 i throw up a hand to protect myself , and the blade slashes a thin , shallow line into my palm . 
 pain blooms from the wound . 
 he 's wasting no mercy on me . 
 this is not just an accelerated training session , it 's a lesson . 
 `` wait - '' i call out . 
 `` get up , little wolf , '' he snaps . 
 the heat of the fire reflects off his crimson hair . 
 i struggle to my feet . 
 my hand leaves a bloody imprint on the ground . 
 the pain and terror in me fuses , giving me the fuel i crave so badly . 
 i pull on my energy , and this time i call forth a wolf of black mist , its eyes gold and its mouth pulled back in a snarl . 
 it charges at enzo . 
 enzo rushes right through it , dispelling it and my concentration in a puff of dark smoke . 
 the threads slip out of my hands and back into the world . 
 i make a grab for them again-the puff of dark smoke starts to shift into the shape of a hooded demon . 
 enzo makes a slashing motion at me with his hand . 
 fire erupts before my face . 
 i lose my footing and fall , hitting my back hard on the ground . 
 my lungs struggle for air . 
 enzo 's dark robes stop beside me . 
 i look up to see his cold , ruthless expression . 
 `` again , '' he commands . 
 dante 's words come back to me , but his voice sounds like my father 's . 
 you 'll never master your abilities . 
 is a mess of black silhouettes and shapes resembling creatures all i can conjure ? 
 my anger and fear flood through me again . 
 i drag myself to my feet . 
 i 'm past all pretense now-blindly i reach out for the darkness , then raise my hands over my head . 
 enzo attacks me again before i can focus my powers . 
 his daggers reflect the firelight . 
 another cut , this time a small nick on my arm . 
 the sting of it blossoms against my flesh and sends stars bursting across my vision . 
 i duck down and scramble indignantly out of his path . 
 fear clouds my mind-the threads of energy are all there , glistening strings hovering inside me and all around me-but i ca n't focus long enough to grab on to them . 
 i try again . 
 silhouettes appear in the air . 
 again , my concentration breaks . 
 enzo 's assault is relentless-a blur of motion , knocking me down every single time i struggle to get back up . 
 my hair falls out of its neat bun and strands of it stick against my face . 
 `` again , '' enzo orders each time i fall . 
 again . 
 again . 
 again . 
 i try , i really do . 
 but each time , i fail . 
 finally , i cry out and dart away from his blades , then turn around and run down the corridor of fire . 
 my mind scatters . 
 i give up trying to call my energy . 
 ahead of me , i see the cavern entrance , the doors shut tight . 
 before i can reach them , though , a wall of fire goes up in front of me . 
 i trip , then collapse to the ground . 
 i 'm now blocked off on three sides by flames . 
 i whirl around to see enzo striding toward me , his robes billowing out behind him , his face a portrait of mercilessness . 
 the heat around me burns the edges of my sleeves , blackening them . 
 this time i curl up in a ball , shaking and bewildered . 
 i ca n't focus enough to do anything . 
 he stops me every time . 
 how am i supposed to learn if i do n't get a chance to concentrate ? 
 but of course he 's teaching me a lesson . 
 this is n't a game . 
 this is reality . 
 and when i 'm in the middle of a fight , this is what it 'll be like . 
 i whimper , shut my eye , curl up tighter , and try to shrink away from the columns of fire that roar around me . 
 tears run unbidden down my face . 
 i sense a figure nearby . 
 when i open my eye , i see enzo on one knee before me , studying my tear-streaked face with a look of bitter disappointment . 
 it is this look , more than anything , that pains me . 
 `` broken so easily , '' he says with disdain . 
 `` you 're not ready after all . '' 
 the columns of fire vanish . 
 he gets up and walks past me , his robes brushing over me . 
 i 'm left alone on the cavern floor , crumpled in a heap , unable to control my tears . 
 strands of my hair fall across my face . 
 no . 
 i 'm not broken easily . 
 i will never break . 
 i am going to find a way out of the mess i 've gotten myself into-i will find a way to untangle myself from the inquisition 's grasp and finally be free . 
 i look up at his retreating figure through a veil of teary anger . 
 the anger fills me , seeping its blackness into my chest until i can feel it spilling out of every fiber of my body , every energy string pulled so tight , they might break . 
 my strength begins to build . 
 from the corner of my vision , i see my hair shift to a bright silver . 
 i tremble ; my hands flatten against the ground , then dig against it like claws . 
 pain shoots up my one crooked finger . 
 vicious black lines start to crawl along the cavern floor . 
 they turn into dozens , then hundreds , then millions of lines , until they fill the entire floor and snake up the walls . 
 between the dark lines drips blood , mimicking the red streaks on my injured palm . 
 an enormous shadow blankets me . 
 i do n't need to look up to know what i created-black wings , ones so large that they seem to fill the entire length of the cavern , growing out from my back like a pair of phantoms . 
 a low hiss fills the cavern , echoing off the walls . 
 enzo stops and turns to look at me , his eyes still hard . 
 i smile at him . 
 my giant wings shatter into a million pieces-each piece morphs into a shard of dark glass . 
 i send them hurtling at enzo . 
 they pass straight through him , hit the wall , and break into an explosion of glitter . 
 enzo does n't flinch , but he does blink . 
 the shards had looked real enough to make him react . 
 he folds his hands behind him , then regards me . 
 `` better . '' 
 he walks toward me again . 
 wherever he steps , the black lines on the ground creep upward , turn into skeletal hands , and try to grab at his legs . 
 i drink in the exhilaration of it all , the millions of threads glistening before me , ready for my command . 
 `` weave the threads together , '' enzo commands as he draws closer . 
 flames appear behind him . 
 i pull myself to my feet and step away from him until my back touches the cavern wall . 
 `` go ahead . 
 make something for me that is more than a dark silhouette . 
 make something with color . '' 
 still drowning in my fury and fear , i take the threads i see and cross them , painting what appears in my mind . 
 and just like that-slowly , painfully-a new creation emerges before me . 
 enzo has almost reached me . 
 between us , i paint something red , so crimson red that the color of it blinds me . 
 the red changes into petals , each one layered on top of the other , covered in dark dewdrops . 
 beneath it spiral green stems covered in thorns . 
 enzo stops before the hovering illusion . 
 he observes it for a moment , then reaches out to touch it . 
 i pull on strings in the air . 
 blood blooms on his gloves , dripping from his palms to the ground , mimicking my own real blood on my injured palm . 
 reminding me of the day when i 'd closed my hand around the rose thorns in my father 's garden . 
 i am learning imitation from reality . 
 enzo steps forward . 
 he passes through the rose illusion , then stops a foot away from me . 
 the blood disappears from his gloves . 
 i glare at him defiantly . 
 i keep my heart wide open , relishing the flood of dark emotions that fill me to the brim . 
 the heat of his fire turns my cheeks red . 
 enzo nods once . 
 `` very good , '' he murmurs . 
 for the first time , he looks impressed . 
 `` i am ready , '' i reply angrily . 
 to my dismay , my tears are still wet on my face . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you . 
 and if you give me a chance , i can show you what i 'm capable of . '' 
 enzo simply watches me . 
 i search his eyes , seeing once again the odd expression lurking behind his cold features , something that goes beyond his desire to exploit my power . 
 something that almost looks like ... familiarity . 
 we gaze at each other for a long moment . 
 finally , he reaches up and gently wipes away one of my tears . 
 `` do n't cry , '' he says , his voice firm . 
 `` you are stronger than that . '' 
 when the world was young , the gods and goddesses birthed the angels , joy and greed , beauty and empathy and sorrow , fear and fury , sparks of humanity . 
 to feel emotion , therefore , to be human , <br/> michel 's words echo raffaele 's . 
 i learn to see . 
 i start to notice all the things that were n't there before . 
 with this comes another thought : if i can master my powers , perhaps i can face teren next time with something other than traitorous information . 
 perhaps next time , i can actually attack him . 
 the thought spurs me on with feverish intensity . 
 i spend every waking minute practicing . 
 sometimes i practice alone , and other times i 'll watch as enzo spars with lucent and dante . 
 occasionally gemma takes me aside , working with me while the others duel . 
 gemma is the one who teaches me how to still my mind in order to better sense the minds of those around me . 
 `` why do n't you duel with them ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 today , she has a cat with her , a huge , feral one with a low growl . 
 gemma grins at me , then looks down at the cat . 
 it untangles itself from her legs and comes ambling over to me . 
 i shrink away from its wild face , but it rubs its head against my leg and settles at my feet . 
 `` i 'm no fighter , '' gemma replies , folding her arms . 
 `` father thinks i have beautiful hands , and he does n't want me to ruin them once i find myself a proper suitor . '' 
 she holds up her hands for emphasis , and sure enough , they are indeed fine and delicate . 
 i 'd forgotten for a moment that gemma , unlike lucent and the ex-soldier dante , is a proper-born lady . 
 the only thing that had spared her the inquisition 's wrath after the horse race incident . 
 i also feel a rush of jealousy that her family seems perfectly kind and encouraging . 
 it 'd never occurred to me that some might actually love their malfetto children . 
 the cat wound around my legs hisses at me before returning to gemma . 
 stupid creature , i think grudgingly . 
 i look at gemma . 
 `` why do you always have different animals with you ? '' 
 `` they follow me . 
 sometimes i have an easier time bonding to certain animals , to the point where i 'll do it accidentally . 
 this fellow tailed me all the way from my father 's villa . '' 
 she scratches the animal 's head fondly , and it purrs back . 
 `` he wo n't stay forever . 
 but i 'll enjoy his company in the meantime . '' 
 i turn my attention back to the dueling . 
 we watch the fight for a while , until gemma clears her throat and i look back down at her again . 
 this time , her carefree expression has given way to something more serious . 
 `` i never properly thanked you for what you did in the racing square , '' she says . 
 `` that was reckless , and brave , and breathtaking . 
 my father and i are both grateful . '' 
 her father must be a patron of the daggers , the way she talks about him . 
 her kind words stir warmth in me , and i find myself returning her smile . 
 the darkness in me fades for a moment . 
 `` glad to help , '' i reply . 
 `` you seemed a bit unhappy out there . '' 
 gemma wrinkles her nose . 
 `` not my best moment . '' 
 then she laughs . 
 it is a bright , ringing sound , the laugh of someone who is loved . 
 in spite of everything , i ca n't help laughing along with her . 
 `` you 've grown rather fond of gemma , '' raffaele tells me the next day , as we walk together in the underground catacombs . 
 today , his hair is tied high on his head in an elegant dark knot , exposing his slender neck . 
 he wears a bold blue robe trimmed in silver . 
 i can only see the part of him illuminated by lantern light , and the sight unnerves me , making me feel like the darkness is trying to swallow us whole . 
 `` she 's easy to like , '' i say after a while . 
 i do n't like admitting it . 
 i should n't be getting close to any of the daggers at all . 
 raffaele turns to give me a brief smile , then looks away again . 
 `` the tunnels branch once more here . 
 do you see ? '' 
 he pauses to hold up the lantern , and in the gloom , i see the path before us split into two , the walls lined with endless rows of urns . 
 raffaele chooses the right-hand path . 
 `` we now walk underneath the piazza of twelve deities , the city 's largest marketplace . 
 if you listen close , you can hear some of the bustle . 
 it 's a shallow spot . '' 
 we both pause to listen , and sure enough , eventually i make out the faint shouts of people hawking their goods : stockings and sweets , dental powders and bags of honey-roasted nuts . 
 i nod . 
 all my recent time with raffaele has been spent learning the catacombs . 
 it turns out that the main underground cavern is connected to a wider maze of tunnels . 
 much wider . 
 we continue walking , memorizing one branch after the next , a honeycomb of quiet paths that run parallel to the bustling surface world . 
 i watch the frescos on the walls shift with the ages . 
 the walls feel like they 're closing in on me , ready to entomb me with the ashes of past generations . 
 without raffaele 's help , i know with absolute certainty that i would die down here , lost in the maze . 
 `` this path leads to a hidden door under the temples , '' raffaele says as we pass another branch . 
 `` the opposite path will take you to enzo 's northern villa . '' 
 he nods to the dark tunnel up ahead . 
 `` there was even a path that used to run under the inquisition tower , although it has been sealed for many decades . '' 
 i fall silent at the mention of the tower . 
 raffaele notices my discomfort . 
 we walk in the darkness for a long time without saying anything . 
 finally , we stop before a dead end . 
 raffaele runs his fingers delicately along the edge of the wall . 
 he finds a small groove in the stone , and then gives it a good push . 
 the wall swings slowly to one side , and light streams in . 
 i squint . 
 `` and this , '' raffaele says , taking my hand , `` is my favorite path . '' 
 we step through the open wall and find ourselves standing at the entrance of a tunnel , the ancient stone steps sinking straight into the water of the canals , a quiet , hidden spot that looks out over the main harbor and the beginning of the sun sea . 
 distant gondolas glide by on golden water . 
 `` oh , '' i breathe . 
 for an instant , i forget my troubles . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 raffaele sits on a step right above the water , and i follow his lead . 
 for a while , we say nothing , listening instead to the water lapping gently against the stone . 
 `` do you come here often ? '' 
 i ask him after a while . 
 he nods . 
 his multicolored eyes focus on a faraway pier , where the hazy silhouette of the palace rises . 
 light outlines his long lashes . 
 `` on quiet days . 
 it helps me think . '' 
 we sit in comfortable silence . 
 off in the distance , the songs of gondoliers float toward us . 
 i find myself humming along , the melody of my mother 's lullaby coming instinctively to my lips . 
 raffaele watches me with his small smile , his eyes bright with interest . 
 `` you sing that song often , '' he says after a moment . '' 
 ` the river maiden 's lullaby . ' 
 i know it . 
 it 's a lovely rhyme . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` my mother used to sing it to me when i was very little . '' 
 `` i like it when you sing . 
 it calms your energy . '' 
 i pause , embarrassed . 
 he must be able to sense my heightened sense of unease for the past few days , as my next appointment with teren draws near . 
 `` i 'm not very good . 
 i do n't have her voice . '' 
 i almost tell him about my sister , how violetta 's voice sounds closer to my mother 's - but then i remember where my sister is right now . 
 i swallow the words . 
 raffaele does n't comment on my energy this time . 
 maybe he thinks the thought of my mother saddens me . 
 `` can you sing it for me ? '' 
 i ask him , to distract myself . 
 `` i 've never heard you before . '' 
 he tilts his head at me in the way that makes me blush . 
 my alignment to passion stirs . 
 his eyes go back to the water . 
 he hums a little , then sings the first few verses of the lullaby . 
 my lips part at the sound of his voice , the sweetness of the melody , the way the lyrics hang in the air , light and clear and full of longing . 
 when i sing it , the song comes out as individual notes , but when he sings , the notes change to music . 
 i can hear my mother in the words . 
 a memory comes back to me of a warm afternoon and our sun-drenched garden , when my mother danced with me to the lullaby . 
 when she caught me , i turned around to hug her and buried myself in her dress . 
 mama , mama , i called up to her . 
 will you be very sad when i grow up ? 
 my mother bent down and touched my face . 
 her cheeks were wet . 
 yes , my darling , she answered . 
 i will be very sad . 
 the melody ends , and raffaele lets the last note disappear in the air . 
 he glances at me . 
 i realize that tears are blurring my vision , and reach up to hurriedly wipe them away . 
 `` thank you , '' i murmur . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 he smiles back , and there is genuine affection in his expression . 
 for a moment , i sense something i 've never sensed outside of the dagger society . 
 something i 'm finding only now , surrounded by young strangers that remind me of myself . 
 kindness . 
 with no strings attached . 
 i can see a life for me here , as one of them . 
 it 's a very , very dangerous way to think . 
 how can i be their friend , with what i 'm doing ? 
 the closer i get , the harder it will be the next time teren expects me to deliver what i 've promised him . 
 but the longer he stays away and the stronger i get , the bolder i grow . 
 i return to watching the scenery with raffaele , but my mind spins . 
 i need to find a way out , to find violetta without giving teren his information . 
 and the only way is to work up the courage to tell the daggers the truth . 
 raffaele 's sessions with me evoke gentle passion-but nothing i do with anyone comes close to my training sessions with enzo himself . 
 enzo pushes my emotions hard . 
 he teaches me how to create a convincing illusion of fire , how a flame flickers , how the color of it changes from red to gold to blue to white . 
 i weave and weave until i exhaust myself . 
 `` your strikes are unfocused , '' he snaps one night as he teaches me the basics of sparring with a wooden sword . 
 `` concentrate . '' 
 our clashes echo in the empty cavern . 
 he knocks the weapon out of my hand with one effortless blow , then kicks it up in the air and flings it back at me . 
 i scramble to catch it , but my weak vision means i miss it by a good several inches . 
 the wood hits my wrist . 
 i wince . 
 at this hour , all i want to do is go to bed . 
 `` my apologies , your highness , '' i retort , ignoring the pain . 
 curse him to the underworld-he always attacks on my blind side . 
 i know he tries to anger me on purpose , to strengthen my power , but i do n't care . 
 `` i 'm a merchant 's daughter . 
 i have n't exactly trained for dueling . '' 
 `` you 're not dueling . 
 you 're learning basic defense . 
 young elites have enemies . '' 
 enzo points his sword at me . 
 `` again . '' 
 i strike . 
 i conjure a dark silhouette of a wolf and fling it at him , hoping to throw him off . 
 it does n't . 
 he dodges my blow with ease , then lunges back , clashing with me twice until we 're close to the cavern 's wall . 
 he whirls and yanks a dagger straight out of his boot . 
 this second blade stops a hairsbreadth from my neck . 
 my fury heightens . 
 what 's the point of pitting a lamb against an expert assassin ? 
 i conjure an illusion of smoke that explodes around us . 
 then i do a move he taught me-i grab his dagger and aim for his throat . 
 his hand clamps hard on my wrist before i can make contact . 
 heat rushes through me . 
 something sharp taps against my chest . 
 when i look down , i see a sword point hovering over my ribs . 
 `` do n't forget one weapon just because of another , '' he says . 
 a flicker of approval flashes in his eyes . 
 `` or you 'll find yourself skewered in no time . '' 
 `` then maybe you should know which weapons are real , '' i reply . 
 the dagger i 'm holding near his throat vanishes in a puff of smoke . 
 the real dagger i 'd taken from him is in my other hand , which i now press against his side . 
 enzo studies me with a thoughtful expression . 
 then he smiles-a genuine smile , full of surprise and amusement . 
 it warms his entire face . 
 my fear is abruptly replaced by joy , the satisfaction of finally pleasing him . 
 he carefully drops the wooden sword , pushes my hand away from his side , and fixes my grip on the dagger 's handle . 
 heat rushes through me . 
 his chest presses against my shoulder and side ; his gloved hand covers mine . 
 a surge of passion cuts through my darkness , and the color of the smoke around us changes from black to red . 
 `` like this , '' he murmurs , molding my hand into the correct grip . 
 he says nothing about the shifting color of the smoke . 
 i stay silent and do as he says . 
 the warmth trickling from his fingers to mine feels as delicious as hot water over an aching body . 
 `` create a dagger again , '' he whispers . 
 `` i want a good look at it . '' 
 with my anger still churning and his touch sending shivers through me , i gather my concentration . 
 the pull is easier now . 
 before our eyes , the outline of a dagger appears . 
 it wavers and shimmers , not quite whole , and then i fill it with details , painting in the crimson handle , the grooves on the hilt , the smooth shine of the blade and the blood channel that cuts down its center . 
 solidifying it . 
 the blade 's edge sharpens to a severe point . 
 i rotate it in midair until the point faces us . 
 there 's hardly a difference between the illusion and the reality . 
 i look to my side to see enzo 's gaze fixated on the false dagger . 
 his heart beats through the fabric of his robes , rhythmic against my skin . 
 `` beautiful , '' he murmurs . 
 somehow , i think i hear two meanings behind the word . 
 he releases me , then sheathes his daggers with one flourish . 
 the smile is gone . 
 `` enough for today , '' he says . 
 he does n't bother meeting my gaze , but his voice is different now . 
 softer . 
 `` we 'll continue tomorrow . '' 
 a sudden impulse hits me . 
 teren 's face swims in my thoughts , then shifts to a vision of my sister . 
 i do n't know where this impulse comes from , whether it 's my alignments with passion or ambition , but i reach out to him with my energy before i can stop myself . 
 enzo pauses , then glances back at me with a raised eyebrow . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he says simply . 
 silence . 
 all of my pent-up tension from the past two weeks now comes to a head , and i find myself struggling to get the words out . 
 tell him . 
 this is your chance . 
 tell him the truth . 
 enzo watches me with a patient , piercing look . 
 the words are right there , right on the tip of my tongue . 
 the inquisition has forced me to spy on you . 
 master teren santoro is holding my sister hostage . 
 you have to help me . 
 and then , as i stare into enzo 's eyes , i remember the heat of his power . 
 i try again to speak . 
 again , the words halt . 
 finally , i manage to say something . 
 but what comes out is , `` when do i go on a mission ? '' 
 enzo narrows his eyes at that . 
 he takes several slow steps forward until we are separated by a couple of feet . 
 my heart beats furiously . 
 i 'm a fool . 
 why did i say that ? 
 `` if you have to ask , '' enzo replies , `` then you 're not ready . '' 
 `` i - '' the moment is lost . 
 the truth that had sat so closely on my lips now shrinks away again , buried underneath my fears . 
 my cheeks burn with shame . 
 `` i 'd think you 'd want me to come , '' i manage to finish . 
 `` why would i want you with me on a mission , little wolf ? '' 
 he says quietly . 
 a surge of my passion courses through me , cutting through the tension warring inside my chest . 
 `` because i impress you , '' i reply . 
 enzo stays quiet . 
 then , one of his gloved hands touches my chin , tilting it gently up , while the other rests against the stone wall beside my head . 
 i tremble in his grasp . 
 what is this strange light in his eyes ? 
 he looks at me like he has known me before . 
 i fight my urge to cover up the hideous , scarred side of my face . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 he whispers back . 
 he leans closer , so close that his lips now hover right over mine , suspended in the space before a kiss , taunting me . 
 perhaps he 's testing me again . 
 if i move at all , we will touch . 
 heat rushes through me from his hand , flooding every vein in my body and filling my lungs with fire . 
 my energy roars in my ears . 
 i am in the middle of the ocean , buffeted on all sides by hot currents . 
 at the same time , i feel a rush of something new , something i 've only felt a hint of during my first test with the daggers . 
 the part of me that responded to the roseite gem , to passion and desire , awakens now . 
 the energy from it rushes up into my chest , threatening to burst out of my skin , making my grasp on my powers unstable . 
 random illusions appear around us , flashes of forest and night and dark ocean . 
 i 'm grateful for the wall behind me . 
 if i did n't have that to lean against , i 'm sure i would crumple to my knees . 
 is there something i need to know ? 
 i imagine enzo asking . 
 and for a moment , i 'm so convinced he says this aloud that i nearly confess everything . 
 then enzo steps away . 
 the heat running through me dissipates as he pulls his energy back , leaving me cold and aching . 
 my illusions vanish . 
 for the first time since i 've known him , he 's not the cool , confident , deadly reaper ... there is a flicker of vulnerability in him , even guilt . 
 i stare back with the same confusion . 
 my cheeks are still hot . 
 what happened between us ? 
 he 's the leader of the dagger society , the crown prince , a notorious killer , the potential future king . 
 and yet , i 've somehow managed to unsettle him . 
 he has unsettled me . 
 the unspoken secret sits heavily between us , a dark abyss . 
 then his moment of vulnerability fades , and he resumes the aloofness that i 'm so familiar with . 
 `` we will see about your missions , '' he says , as if nothing has happened . 
 maybe nothing has-perhaps our little moment has been nothing more than an illusion i accidentally conjured , like everything else that popped up around us . 
 like my father 's ghost . 
 my shoulders sag at the close call . 
 i say nothing in return . 
 perhaps i 've narrowly avoided certain death . 
 enzo gives me a courteous nod , then turns his back and exits the cavern , leaving me alone with my pounding heart . 
 when i look to my side , i notice that the wall where he had rested his hand is now blackened and charred with his handprint . 
 raffaele laurent bessette any changes in opinion about her ? '' 
 enzo asks in a low voice . 
 raffaele turns away from the prince . 
 today they both stand at the entrance of the caverns , looking on as several of the daggers train . 
 both of their gazes are focused on the same thing : adelina , who sits in a corner with michel and practices weaving threads of her energy into small , familiar objects . 
 a golden ring . 
 a knife . 
 a piece of lace . 
 with each gesture , raffaele feels her energy shift . 
 watching her learn to create illusions reminds him of the energy he feels when he watches michel at work . 
 trying to imitate life . 
 as she goes , michel critiques her work with a string of halfhearted insults , but raffaele can tell that the young painter is impressed with her . 
 nearby , lucent stops training now and then to shout out challenges for adelina . 
 make a gold talent ! 
 make a bird ! 
 make a statue ! 
 adelina obliges , her illusions growing in complexity . 
 lucent nods in admiration . 
 `` adelina was right , '' raffaele finally replies , noting the growing friendships . 
 perhaps he had misjudged her in the beginning . 
 `` i was training her too slowly for her to work with her powers . '' 
 enzo nods once in agreement . 
 `` she 's learning at a pace i 've never seen . '' 
 the words make raffaele uneasy . 
 he thinks back to the way she reacted to the amber and nightstone , how he warned enzo that night to get rid of her . 
 he thinks of the alarming shifts in her darkness lately , how the new speed of her training is affecting her energy , how frequently she seems anxious , scared , and alone . 
 the emotions seep from her . 
 something about adelina ... there is a frailty underneath the dark shell she has started to build around herself , a small remaining light . 
 a light that wavers precariously from day to day . 
 `` there is a reason i trained her too slowly , you know , '' raffaele says after a moment . 
 enzo looks at him . 
 `` you were holding her back on purpose . '' 
 `` i was holding her back to protect us . '' 
 raffaele chooses his next words carefully . 
 `` it 's true , she may become the most powerful of us all . 
 she can already create illusions that trick the eyes and ears . 
 eventually , she 'll realize that she can also trick one 's taste , smell , and touch . '' 
 he casts enzo a sideways glance . 
 `` you know what that means , do n't you ? '' 
 `` she will be able to fool a thirsty man into drinking liquid metal . 
 she will be able to make someone feel pain that is n't there . '' 
 raffaele shivers at the possibilities . 
 `` make sure the control she learns does n't eclipse her loyalties to you . 
 adelina may have aligned the strongest with fear and hatred , but she also aligned with passion and ambition . 
 the combination drives her to recklessness , makes her unreliable and hungry for power . '' 
 enzo looks on as adelina slowly conjures a detailed illusion of a wolf , so realistic that it looks as if the animal were really standing there on the cavern floor . 
 michel claps his hands in approval . 
 `` she will be magnificent , '' he replies . 
 this time , raffaele feels enzo 's energy shift at the mention of adelina , flickers of an emotion not usually associated with the reaper . 
 not for years . 
 something happened between them , he realizes . 
 something dangerous . 
 `` she 's not daphne , '' raffaele reminds him gently . 
 enzo looks at him , and in that moment , raffaele feels a pang of deep sympathy for the young prince . 
 a memory comes back to him of the afternoon when he 'd accompanied enzo to the apothecary to see the shop 's young assistant . 
 when he 'd witnessed enzo 's proposal . 
 even though quiet rain fell outside the shop , the sun still shone through , painting the world in a glittering haze of light . 
 daphne had laughed at the affection in enzo 's eyes , teased the gentleness in his voice , and he 'd laughed with her . 
 raffaele had glimpsed her touching enzo 's cheek and pulling him close . 
 marry me , enzo had said to her . 
 she 'd kissed him in reply . 
 after she died , raffaele never again sensed that emotion in enzo 's heart . 
 until now . 
 finally , enzo nods a brief farewell and turns to leave . 
 `` prepare her , '' he tells raffaele before he goes . 
 `` she 's coming with us to the spring moons . '' 
 i joined the spring moons festivities for the first time , <br/> the next morning , i lie in bed and anticipate my father coming in again with a smile on his face . 
 today is the day , i tell myself . 
 this time , i am determined to please him , and his kindness will be able to coax something useful out of me . 
 but he does n't come . 
 when i finally get out of bed and find him , he ignores me . 
 he has given up his quest to find me useful . 
 violetta sees me in the hallway . 
 the distance between us feels overwhelming . 
 her eyes are large and dark , pitying . 
 her face , as usual , is perfect . 
 i look away from her in silence . 
 my two weeks have come and gone . 
 throughout it all , i have n't found a single chance to visit teren at the inquisition tower . 
 maybe i 've been avoiding it on purpose . 
 i do n't know . 
 all i know is that my time is now up , and he will be expecting me . 
 i know what will happen if i do n't show my face soon . 
 and tonight is my first official mission with the daggers . 
 their plan for tonight , as far as i understand , goes something like this : the spring moons , kenettra 's annual celebration of the season , is made up of three nights of festivals and parties , one night in honor of each of our three moons . 
 each night , a huge masquerade ball will take place at the water 's edge in estenzia 's largest harbor . 
 at midnight , six ships laden with fireworks will put on a dazzling display of lights over the water . 
 but the daggers are going to set fire to the ships before that can even happen , destroying the fleet in a spectacular explosion of fireworks . 
 it will be a display of power , defiance against the king , to show his weakness . 
 and i 'm going to help them do it . 
 `` the city is quickly turning into a powder keg , '' raffaele explains to me as we head out from his chambers . 
 tonight he 's a vision in green and gold robes , part of his face hidden behind an intricate gold half mask , his cheekbones and brows dusted with glitter . 
 `` if the king wants to burn us at the stake , then the daggers are going to respond . '' 
 he smiles at me . 
 it is an expert expression-secretive , shy , trained . 
 `` the people are tired of a weak king . 
 when enzo seizes the throne , they will be ready for the change . '' 
 i listen , distracted by my own thoughts . 
 for a moment , i fantasize about myself in such a position-instead of being trapped by the whims of others , what would it be like to have others bowing to me , obeying my every command ? 
 what must it feel like to have that kind of power ? 
 it 's the first time i 've stepped out into estenzia at night . 
 soon , gondolas arrive on the canal that the court 's street lines , and the court 's consorts split into groups as we step into our individual boats . 
 i join raffaele and two others in the same boat , the seats creaking as i gently lower myself in . 
 my movement sends ripples across the water . 
 we pull away , gliding off to the harbor . 
 i gape at the city . 
 no nights are as lovely as the nights of the spring moons , and no city is as breathtaking as estenzia , which has transformed into a wonderland of light . 
 lanterns hang along all the bridges , their glow bouncing off the water 's surface in waves of orange and gold . 
 gondolas drift through the waterways , and music and laughter ripple through the masked crowds that have gathered out in the warm evening air . 
 overhead , the three moons hang large and luminous in a near-perfect triangle . 
 baliras glide past them , their glittering , translucent wings illuminated by moonlight . 
 this close view of them is still a startling contrast to the faraway figures i 'd seen before i 'd arrived in estenzia , and the sight of their long , ray-like bodies passing before the moons takes my breath away . 
 farther out at the harbor , the silhouettes of six ships with their fireworks sit on the water . 
 inquisitors , some on horseback and some on foot , patrol the bridges . 
 they are the only ones not adorned with bright , glittering colors and sparkling masks , and their white and gold figures look harsh against the festivities . 
 they are everywhere tonight , adding to a uniform tension in the air . 
 i turn my face carefully away from them . 
 the city is a powder keg , raffaele had said , and we are going to light it tonight . 
 by the time we arrive at the main harbor , the celebrations are in full swing . 
 the statues of the angels and gods that line the square are all covered from head to toe in flowers . 
 a few masked revelers , already drunk this early in the night , have climbed on top of the statues to wave at the cheering crowds . 
 i inhale deeply , catching the scents of ocean , sweet and savory pastries , roasting pig and fish . 
 raffaele waits until the others have left our gondola . 
 then he steps gracefully out and offers me a hand . 
 i join him on land . 
 the other consorts eventually scatter , each of them joining clients waiting for them along the edge of the harbor . 
 raffaele guides me through a section of the crowd . 
 then he squeezes my hand once . 
 `` go , '' he whispers . 
 `` remember the paths back down to the catacombs if you lose yourself during the mission . '' 
 then he 's gone , making his way through the crowd . 
 for a beat , i 'm all alone , lost among swirling colors . 
 i look around ; my heart pounds . 
 i 've grown so dependent on raffaele 's guidance that his absence always leaves me short of breath . 
 a sudden hand on my waist makes me look to my side . 
 it 's enzo . 
 if i did n't know to meet him here , i would n't have recognized him tonight . 
 his hair is covered beneath a mask that transforms him from a young prince into a forest fae with glittering horns twisting up over his head , the structure adorned with dangling silver strings that gleam in the light . 
 all i can see of his face are his lips and , if i look past the shadows the mask casts , his eyes . 
 even through his disguise , i can sense him taking in my new appearance , my elaborate tamouran headwrap and my gold reveler 's silks , the glittering white porcelain hiding the scarred side of my face . 
 his lips part slightly , ready to say something . 
 then he bows to me . 
 `` a lovely evening , '' he says . 
 i return his smile as he kisses me gently on the cheek and offers his arm . 
 i gasp at the brief flush of heat from the touch of his lips to my skin . 
 he leads us through the throngs . 
 he keeps a respectful distance between us , our only contact being my arm looped through his ... but even so , i can feel the warmth radiating from his robes , a soft , pleasing feeling , reaching for me . 
 i force myself to stay calm . 
 through my mask , i focus on the silhouettes of ships at the harbor . 
 we enter an area full of dancers . 
 here and there are other consorts , swirling with their clients and patrons and other onlookers in a sea of glitter , laughing uproariously as they move in time with the beat of drums and serenade of strings . 
 i catch a glimpse of raffaele with a richly dressed noblewoman on his arm , but neither he nor enzo acknowledges each other . 
 inquisitors watch the scene from atop their steeds . 
 enzo gives me a sidelong glance . 
 then he pulls me closer and puts one hand on the small of my back . 
 around us , the world turns into a frenzy of cheering and bright colors . 
 he smiles his warm , genuine smile-it 's a lovely expression he so rarely makes as the reaper . 
 `` dance with me , '' he murmurs . 
 all part of our act . 
 all part of the disguise . 
 i tell myself this repeatedly , but it does n't change the way i lean into his touch , how his words stir the longing in my chest . 
 if he notices , he does n't show it ... but he does seem to stand closer than he needs to , and look at me with an intensity that i do n't remember seeing before . 
 we spin with the others in a large circle . 
 more join in , until we are all a tightly packed whirl of bodies . 
 the minutes fly by . 
 enzo 's movements are flawless , and somehow i find myself moving in sync with him , my steps as accurate as his . 
 enzo releases me as we dance into the arms of new partners , then switch off again and again in a widening circle . 
 the drums keep time with my heartbeat . 
 i spin until i 'm paired once again with enzo . 
 he smiles at me from behind his mask . 
 i want to reach up and touch his face . 
 then i remember that i 'm disguised as his consort , and such a gesture would n't be strange . 
 so i do . 
 i laugh , draw closer to him , and brush his cheek with my hand . 
 it might be my imagination , but his eyes soften at my touch . 
 he does n't stop me . 
 he 's just playing along . 
 i do n't mind . 
 it takes me a moment to realize that the dance has ended . 
 around us , the others all give their dancing partners a quick kiss , the gesture of harmony between love and prosperity . 
 laughter and whistles go up from the crowd . 
 all part of the custom . 
 i glance at enzo , suddenly shy-am i love , or am i prosperity ? 
 he smiles , draws me close , and leans down . 
 the elaborately carved grooves of his mask brush against my skin , and i wonder if it will leave a touch of glitter behind . 
 i close my eye . 
 a moment later , his lips touch my own . 
 only a touch . 
 it must have been brief-probably a second , no more-but to me , it seems like forever , like he let us stay this way for a beat longer than needed . 
 the familiar bubbling of heat courses through me , the luxurious feeling of a hot bath on a cold night ; i return his kiss , leaning into him , savoring his heat . 
 then it 's over . 
 i find myself looking into his eyes , and there i see thin lines of scarlet slashed within his irises , glowing . 
 his lips are still very , very close . 
 he steps away from me and guides us out of the dancing circle as a new song starts . 
 we 're now closer to the harbor than we were before , and a wooden railing separates us from the rocky pier near where the ships are waiting . 
 perfectly in position . 
 i 'm short of breath , still dizzy and giggling , and enzo laughs along , his low , velvet voice mixing with my higher one . 
 i do n't think i 've ever heard him laugh before . 
 it 's a soothing sound , both tender and unsure , reminiscent of someone who used to laugh more . 
 his arm stays wrapped securely around my waist . 
 my lips tingle . 
 even if he 's just trying to continue our disguise , he 's doing an excellent job . 
 the crowds thin as we near the point that overlooks the beach ; only a few scattered figures are out along the rocks and sand , admiring the trio of moons hanging suspended at the horizon . 
 several inquisitors stand guard at each of the piers that lead out to the six ships . 
 long shadows shroud the piers in darkness . 
 my energy stirs restlessly . 
 almost time for my debut . 
 i glance briefly up at the roofs of the closest buildings . 
 i ca n't see anyone there , but i know that several daggers are lying in wait , watching us for the first signal . 
 we head down to the piers . 
 the lights from the festivities make way for the shadows cast by the buildings closest to shore , and i shiver as the cool night air surrounds us . 
 enzo pulls me close to whisper in my ear . 
 i can feel his lips turned up into a small smile . 
 `` the first pier , '' he murmurs . 
 `` watch for me . '' 
 i giggle loudly in return , as if he 'd just whispered some romantic nothings in my ear . 
 one of the inquisitors lounging along the first pier casts us a bored look and then turns away . 
 we edge steadily closer to the pier , continuing our little charade of romance the entire way . 
 at least , it seems to be a charade for enzo . 
 far be it from me to complain-the laughs he coaxes out of me are real , and so is the flush on my cheeks . 
 his hand is hot at my waist , the rivulets of warmth delicious on such a cool night . 
 finally , i stumble over a rock and fall , giggling , into his arms . 
 we 're on the far end of the pier now , and the two inquisitors guarding this pier are barely a few yards away . 
 one of them holds up a gloved hand . 
 `` no one allowed past this point , '' he says , nodding in our direction . 
 enzo gives them a disappointed sigh . 
 he places a hand on the inquisitor 's shoulder . 
 all pretense of lightheartedness vanishes from his face-in the blink of an eye , he has transformed from a smiling boy to a predator . 
 the inquisitor looks at enzo 's hand in surprise . 
 but before he can brush it off , his eyes widen . 
 he shoots enzo a stricken look . 
 beside him , his partner 's stance wavers . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asks the first inquisitor . 
 he draws his sword-but before he can do anything else , the sword unravels right before his horrified eyes . 
 it reappears a dozen yards away , falling uselessly to the sand . 
 michel is here in the darkness . 
 enzo touches his other hand to the second inquisitor 's arm . 
 both of them open their mouths in silent screams . 
 he 's melting them from the inside . 
 even knowing that this was the plan , the sight catches me off guard . 
 i look on in horror as their faces turn red and contort in agony . 
 blood leaks from one 's mouth . 
 they shudder . 
 `` now , '' enzo whispers to me . 
 i reach within and pull on my energy right as the two inquisitors ' knees buckle , sending them collapsing to the pier 's deck . 
 all around us , i conjure a vision of an empty pier-planks of wood appear over where the inquisitors lie-and enzo and i both disappear behind an illusion of waves and night air , rendering both us and the dead men invisible . 
 the darkness and unease in me soars , thrilling my heart , and i embrace the ecstasy . 
 on top of this illusion , i weave an image of two white-cloaked inquisitors standing as if nothing had happened . 
 up close , it 's easy to tell that the two fake inquisitors are nothing more than smoke and air , their faces too simple to be real . 
 but from the point of view of anyone who might look in this direction from afar , it 's a convincing cover . 
 the whole scene looks as if we were never here . 
 as if i 'm not standing in front of two corpses . 
 such power . 
 i swirl in the midst of it all , my jaw clenched , my lips curving into a triumphant smile even as another part of me recoils at what we just did . 
 i feel numb-in control and yet completely helpless . 
 through my invisibility shield , i sense enzo give me a single nod . 
 i nod back , letting him know that i 'm ready . 
 he leaps down from the pier . 
 fire erupts from both of his hands-he holds them out , and in the shadows , i see a masked figure that must be michel lift his arms . 
 he unravels enzo 's flames , then reforms them far down the pier onto the deck of the first ship , near its crates of fireworks . 
 the two vanish into the darkness . 
 seconds later , i hear the sound of startled shouts from the ship . 
 my hands tremble . 
 flashbacks of the night when i killed my father come rushing back to me , clouding my illusions . 
 suddenly my father 's ghost smiles at me in my thoughts . 
 i think i can even see him standing on the pier . 
 you 're a murderer , adelina . 
 nice to see you coming into your own . 
 seeing him disrupts my concentration-the shroud i 'd put over the two dead inquisitors at my feet suddenly vanishes , revealing them to the world . 
 i start running to the second pier . 
 my mind is completely numb ; the image of the dead men is seared into my vision . 
 keep going . 
 you ca n't afford to stop . 
 my attention turns to the buildings lining the harbor , and to the other inquisitors patrolling the other five piers . 
 taking a deep breath , i call forth more of my energy . 
 the threads pull taut in my mind , protesting . 
 i force them to bend , then to weave together . 
 against the walls of the buildings , silhouettes of people run by . 
 illusions of dark blue hoods . 
 suddenly , daggers seem to be everywhere on the piers . 
 inquisitors on the other piers raise the alarm-i conjure daggers all around them , then run toward the second pier . 
 my fear heightens , and as it does , so do the illusions closest to me . 
 inquisitors call for help as they strike out against my phantom daggers . 
 i reach the second pier under cover of invisibility just as flames ignite onboard the second ship . 
 `` they 're all fake ! '' 
 one of the inquisitors cries as his sword slashes straight through one of my illusions . 
 he calls on the other soldiers to stop , but they 're all too distracted , blinded with fear from my apparitions . 
 `` stop-find the culprit who 's - '' he never finishes his sentence . 
 one of the daggers lunges for him with the speed of a striking viper-he twists the man 's arm around and stabs him straight through his chest with his own sword . 
 a real dagger . 
 dante . 
 the other inquisitors turn at his shriek , then attack the spider , but he 's far too quick for them . 
 he cuts them down in quick succession . 
 his movements blur in the night , so that even after i erase the false daggers , it looks as if there were more than one of him . 
 the last inquisitor at this pier tries to run for his life . 
 dante catches him before he can , and runs a dagger across his throat . 
 up at the festivities , some revelers finally notice what 's going on . 
 screams go up-then complete chaos . 
 my mind races . 
 i move on to the third pier , then the fourth . 
 we slaughter the inquisitors as more patrols rush from the festivities in our direction . 
 so much death . 
 my eye goes again to the roofs closest to the piers-and this time , i see figures stir . 
 the other daggers , flesh and blood , their faces hidden behind masks and hooded sapphire robes . 
 one of them rises up from her crouch , carefully notches an arrow to her bow , and aims at the inquisitors . 
 gemma . 
 above her swirls a circle of ravens-when she lets the arrow fly , the ravens plummet down , aiming in unison for the enemy . 
 my illusion of phantom daggers moving along the walls flickers for a moment , but i grit my teeth and sharpen my concentration . 
 the phantom daggers turn solid again . 
 more inquisitors run in their direction . 
 the inquisitors are now within firing range . 
 suddenly , one of them is yanked straight up into the air . 
 he lets out a strangled shriek as he 's thrown up as high as the top of the buildings , then plummets to his death . 
 i wince-my illusions shudder again . 
 that was lucent 's work . 
 up above , more arrows rain down , one piercing the throat of a second inquisitor . 
 hurry , enzo . 
 as the other daggers kill the inquisitors with ruthless efficiency , i clench my teeth in desperation . 
 i want to leave this place . 
 i glance over to the ship docked at the first pier . 
 and there i see him-enzo , this time with his face entirely covered by a hood and silver mask . 
 he flashes through the inky blackness of the night . 
 there one moment , gone the next . 
 my cue to get out of here . 
 dante grabs my arm , then breaks into a sprint . 
 the wind rushes past us . 
 in a matter of seconds , we 've crossed the sand and grass and run into the shadows of the festivities overlooking the harbor . 
 screams everywhere . 
 i drop the illusions i 've been holding . 
 the threads of energy all snap back into place , and i gasp at the sudden emptiness . 
 the first ship explodes . 
 the blast knocks me right off my feet . 
 the earth shudders ; screams burst from everyone around me . 
 i cover my eye from the blinding glow , and when i squint through my hand at the inferno , i see a rainbow of fireworks light up the night sky in a terrifying display of glory . 
 fire and fireworks consume the ship 's deck . 
 i picture enzo setting each of the ships ablaze , his figure a shadow in the night . 
 rough hands yank me up onto my feet . 
 `` get to the messenger , '' dante hisses at me . 
 then he vanishes into the crowd , his eyes fixed on other inquisitors . 
 i fight my way through the crowd , remembering my next step . 
 meet raffaele at the end of the square . 
 he 'll usher you to safety . 
 the energy in the air is like lightning-i can practically smell the terror-the power crackling all around me in a glittering shower of energy threads . 
 the darkness inside me hungers for it , yearning to break free , and i have to force down the irresistible urge to flood this entire square with illusions of underworld monsters . 
 so much power around me , going to waste . 
 for a moment , i attempt to shroud myself in invisibility-but too many people are jostling past me , and every time i start to throw the illusion over myself , i 'm jolted out of it . 
 finally i just give up and continue running . 
 it takes me a moment to realize that some in the crowd are cheering . 
 they raise their fists to the sky at the fireworks and flames . 
 they watch the dazzling display with smiles on their faces . 
 i recall what raffaele had told me earlier . 
 let the inquisition axis see what happens when they force us to humiliate ourselves . 
 the people here are cheering on the young elites . 
 applauding the strike . 
 at the piers , a second ship explodes . 
 then , a third . 
 an unstoppable chain reaction continues along the water 's edge , each ship 's demise causing the next , until flames and exploding fireworks consume the entire harbor , transforming the night into day , orange and yellow everywhere i look , the earth trembling from the sheer energy released into the sky . 
 explosions , the roar of flames , the shouts of thousands of people-it all swirls together into deafening chaos . 
 never could i have imagined panic like this . 
 their fear pools in me , a black and powerful current . 
 i have to find raffaele . 
 i turn a corner into a narrower alley in an attempt to get away from the frenzied crowds . 
 for a moment , i 'm alone . 
 almost there . 
 my slippers hit a puddle , and cold water splashes against my ankles . 
 something white flashes before my face . 
 before i can react , a hand catches me around my neck and shoves me against the wall . 
 i see spots exploding before me . 
 blindly , i strike out . 
 a voice chuckles at my antics . 
 i freeze . 
 i recognize that voice . 
 the white blur that flashed past my eye now stills into the unmistakable look of an inquisitor 's cloak . 
 `` well , well , well , '' the voice says . 
 `` a tamouran girl . '' 
 i stare into teren 's face . 
 no . 
 not here . 
 not tonight . 
 the sight is enough to unleash my energy . 
 i bare my teeth at him as a red-eyed demon lunges out from the wall behind me and throws itself at teren with a shriek . 
 teren flinches for a split second , but his grip never lightens . 
 his eyes widen in surprise . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 he says with a smile . 
 `` have you grown defiant since the last time we talked ? '' 
 he hoists a crossbow . 
 `` any more moves like that , and i might decide to kill off your sister . 
 i gave you your two weeks . '' 
 his smile turns hard . 
 `` and you are late . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say urgently . 
 my mind spins . 
 `` do n't - please do n't hurt her . 
 i could n't find a time to get away and see you . 
 they 've been training me relentlessly . '' 
 i glance at the main square . 
 `` if the elites see me talking to you , they will kill me , and you wo n't get your - '' teren only ignores me and keeps me pinned in place . 
 his grip is unnaturally strong , his face too close . 
 `` in that case , you had better start talking . 
 you owe me some information . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 the daggers ca n't be that far away . 
 they knew i would be heading down this way , and if i do n't show my face soon , they will search for me . 
 and they will see me here . 
 teren 's grip tightens so much that it starts to hurt . 
 my hands fly up to where he holds my neck . 
 he narrows his colorless eyes . 
 `` give me their names . '' 
 `` i - '' what can i tell him , without destroying the daggers ? 
 my mind scrambles frantically for a solution . 
 `` i saw you arrive at the festival with a fortunata court consort , '' teren adds . 
 `` he has been with you before , too . 
 is he one of them ? '' 
 no . 
 i shake my head automatically , letting the lie come . 
 `` he was just my escort . '' 
 teren 's stare wanders across my face . 
 `` just your escort , '' he muses . 
 tears well up in my eye . 
 no . 
 please do n't hurt raffaele . 
 `` yes , just my escort . '' 
 teren makes an annoyed sound in his throat . 
 `` talk . 
 lady gemma-does that name sound familiar to you ? 
 any idea why she was a rider at the qualifying races ? '' 
 i shake my head dumbly . 
 `` who leads them ? '' 
 no , no , i ca n't . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 truly , i do n't ! '' 
 teren narrows his eyes again . 
 he hoists his crossbow with one arm and points it right in front of my good eye . 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not , '' i whisper through his tight grip . 
 `` violetta will pay for this , you know . 
 not you . 
 violetta . '' 
 he leans close , his voice like honey . 
 `` do you want to hear all the things i will do to her ? '' 
 he whispers them into my ear , one by one , and i start to cry in earnest . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 my thoughts are too tangled . 
 violetta . 
 i glance again to the chaotic square . 
 where is he keeping her ? 
 energy lurches through me , feeding on my terror . 
 it begs for release , but i clamp down hard on it . 
 `` i beg you - '' i start to say . 
 my mind spins . 
 `` i 'll tell you what you want . 
 just give me one more week . 
 please . 
 you ca n't be seen here with me , it wo n't help either of us . '' 
 i scan the alley . 
 `` there 's no time . 
 they 're here too . 
 they ca n't - '' before i can utter anything else , teren 's eyes flicker up . 
 i do the same-and see a flash of dark robes high up on the rooftops . 
 a jolt of terror leaps up my spine . 
 the daggers , they 're coming . 
 they 're going to see us . 
 all around us , the other inquisitors are consumed with containing the chaos . 
 he does n't have enough men with him . 
 i can feel him weighing his options , deciding whether or not he has time to force answers out of me right now before the daggers catch up to me . 
 please . 
 please let me go . 
 his instant of hesitation vanishes . 
 he grabs me by my collar and pulls me close . 
 `` you have three days , '' he says in a low voice . 
 `` if you go back on your word again , i will shoot an arrow through your sister 's neck and out the back of her skull . 
 she 'll be lucky if that 's the first thing i do . '' 
 he smiles , his teeth flashing in the night . 
 `` we can be enemies , adelina , or we can be the best of friends . 
 understood ? '' 
 that 's all he has time to say . 
 i look up to the roofs . 
 and i see dante crouched there , arrow nocked , staring at both of us through his mask . 
 a rush of sapphire robes strikes teren , knocking him to the ground and releasing me from his clutches . 
 i stumble against the wall . 
 before me is a tangle of white and blue-teren shoves a dagger off him and rolls up onto his feet . 
 the two face each other . 
 it 's enzo , face hidden behind his silver mask , daggers in hand . 
 `` the reaper ! '' 
 teren exclaims , pointing his crossbow straight at enzo and pulling out his sword . 
 `` always coming to the rescue of malfettos , are n't you ? '' 
 enzo 's blades turn bright red , then white hot . 
 he lunges at teren before he can fire his crossbow , then strikes , seeking out his eyes . 
 teren dodges him with a fluidity that shocks me . 
 he swings his sword in an arc-it almost catches enzo in the chest before he darts out of the way . 
 fire bursts from enzo 's hands and consumes the two of them in a haze of light . 
 through the inferno , i can see teren locked blade on blade with enzo . 
 the flames do n't harm him . 
 his skin seems to burn for an instant , then return back to normal , smooth and untouched . 
 i freeze at the sight . 
 it is not just a trick of the light-the flames do not harm him at all . 
 how is that possible ? 
 unless - `` go ! '' 
 enzo snaps at me . 
 their blades clash with a ring of steel . 
 again and again . 
 overhead , an arrow sails down and strikes teren near his neck . 
 he grunts in pain-but then , to my horror , he reaches up and yanks it out unceremoniously . 
 he tosses it away . 
 his skin stitches itself together , healing in seconds , until i see nothing but a smear of blood on his neck . 
 teren is a young elite . 
 i find my feet and make a run for it . 
 when i glance up , i catch sight of lucent with her bow and arrow locked on teren , trying to find a good shot . 
 a rough hand clamps down on my arm . 
 i turn and stare right into the silver mask of a dagger . 
 dante . 
 `` how about you cloak us in invisibility and get us out of here . '' 
 there is something in his voice that chills me . 
 something in his eyes that tells me he saw more tonight than i wanted him to see . 
 all around us is screaming , panic , people , the roar of a firework-fueled inferno raging at the harbor . 
 i force myself to do as dante says . 
 i cloak us in a hurried illusion of invisibility , and he leads us away in the direction of the closest catacomb entrance . 
 behind us , enzo has already vanished , disappearing as quickly as he 'd come . 
 teren 's voice rings in my ears . 
 three days . 
 they were the best of friends as long as they did not know <br/> how will i ever find a chance to get away ? 
 i pick out enzo 's figure in the midst of the group . 
 raffaele is nowhere to be seen . 
 perhaps he 's not attending this meeting , or perhaps he 's occupied . 
 i try to explain away his absence . 
 `` adelina . '' 
 gemma 's voice cuts through my maelstrom of thoughts . 
 she smiles at me , then leads me over to the group . 
 the strangers cast me curious glances . 
 i look back at them . 
 only one looks familiar-the madam of the fortunata court , dressed tonight in an elaborate silk gown of blue and gold . 
 `` these are our noble patrons , '' gemma whispers as we take a seat on a divan . 
 `` they 're eager to meet you . '' 
 so , these are the people who support enzo 's claim to the throne . 
 gemma introduces me around the circle with her animated chatter , stopping to point out her father in particular . 
 i smile and play along as the patrons each greet me in turn , their eyes lingering . 
 at the other end of the circle , enzo leans back on a divan with a glass of wine in one hand , his boots crossed on a low table and his face partially hidden behind a mask . 
 he glances briefly at me and returns to his conversation . 
 `` i 've heard the king can not cancel the tournament , '' one of the patrons says to enzo . 
 `` it would make him look like a fool and a weakling to the people . 
 he and the queen must appear by tradition . '' 
 `` exactly the corner we wanted him backed into , '' another replies . 
 `` can your illusion worker get us into the palace ? '' 
 says a third . 
 his eyes flicker to me , and i feel a jolt of anxiety . 
 `` the people are ripe for an overthrow now , especially after last night 's display . 
 we could try making a move before the tournament , even tonight . '' 
 enzo shakes his head . 
 `` my sister will not be with the king . 
 their apartments are on opposite ends of the palace . 
 adelina 's skills are not strong enough to hold an illusion for that long , at such close quarters . 
 the tournament is our best chance . '' 
 the others break into frustrated murmurs . 
 michel sits back and holds up a glass of wine in apology to enzo . 
 `` if only i could unravel living things . 
 i 'd happily march into the palace and unravel the royals off a cliff for you . '' 
 scattered laughter . 
 lucent rolls her eyes as she twirls a curly blonde lock of hair around her finger . 
 `` and i still say we all forget about saving this damned country , ship off to beldain , and live like kings . 
 some nations know how to treat malfettos . '' 
 more laughter , while michel affectionately mocks lucent 's beldish accent . 
 i just look on numbly , trying to play along . 
 `` he will , someday , '' gemma whispers to me . 
 i startle at her voice , then realize she must think i 'm confused by the conversation . 
 `` michel , i mean . 
 he 'll figure out how to unravel living creatures . 
 he says the energy of the soul gets in the way . '' 
 the energy of the soul . 
 if michel were to see the energy of my own soul , what would he see ? 
 the conversation filters back to me as i hear myself mentioned again . 
 `` and can she work her illusions well enough for the tournament ? '' 
 one patron asks enzo . 
 `` yes , your highness-can she uphold her end of the mission ? '' 
 `` we want a demonstration . '' 
 `` adelina , '' enzo suddenly says , looking in my direction . 
 the nobles turn to look at me too . 
 i blink , taken off guard . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` create an illusion of a person for us . '' 
 i hesitate , then suck in my breath and concentrate on the darkness in my chest . 
 gradually , i weave in midair a face that resembles enzo , the same eyes and nose and mouth and hair , the thin scar prominent on the cheek . 
 the nobles murmur among themselves . 
 it 's still not quite right-there is a lack of refinement in the details , the glassy-eyed look of something that does n't seem quite human , the amateur texture of the skin . 
 it wavers a little . 
 now and then , it looks translucent . 
 it would not work for us at close quarters . 
 but it will be enough . 
 i hold the illusion there for a moment , then release it . 
 enzo smiles at me . 
 `` when the tournament of storms comes , '' he says , `` the king and queen will announce the horse races , then watch from a close vantage point . 
 if you can disguise gemma , no one will notice her when she 's moving on the back of a horse . 
 can you get her close enough to strike ? '' 
 he 's announcing before all his patrons that i 'm included in their final mission . 
 my heart jumps at the thrill , then squeezes painfully at the memory of teren 's words . 
 `` i can do it , '' i reply . 
 the nobles look thrilled with me . 
 enzo smiles pleasantly with them and clinks glasses-but even here , in the safety of the cavern and surrounded by supporters , he has a wariness about him , the lingering unease of someone preoccupied with other problems . 
 i wonder if he can sense anything suspicious about me . 
 thank the gods that raffaele is n't here to notice the dark shifts in my energy . 
 he must have a client tonight . 
 the spiced wine eases some of the anxiety stirring in me , and i find myself holding my glass out again for the consorts to refill it . 
 `` you seem less cheerful than you should be , '' i say to enzo in a low voice , when there 's a lull in his conversation with the nobles . 
 he glances back at me , seems to think about answering , and then glides around my comment . 
 `` feeling festive , mi adelinetta ? '' 
 he nods as a consort fills my glass for the second time . 
 my heart flutters fiercely at the way he says the affectionate version of my name . 
 `` careful . 
 it 's a strong wine . '' 
 it 's true ; the wine makes me bold , helps me forget . 
 `` i 'm the white wolf , '' i reply . 
 `` surely that deserves a second helping . '' 
 enzo 's lips tilt up in amusement , and i feel the roar of attraction rising in me . 
 how will i tell him about the inquisition ? 
 his eyes wander back to the other daggers . 
 `` so it does . '' 
 he raises his glass in the air , and the nobles join him . 
 `` to the white wolf , '' he says , glancing at me . 
 `` and the beginning of a new era . '' 
 gemma leans over to me as i take a sip of my wine . 
 `` you like him , '' she teases , jabbing me hard in the ribs . 
 i wince and shove her with my elbow . 
 `` quiet , '' i hiss . 
 gemma laughs with mischief at the expression on my face , then pushes away from me and hops up , barefoot , onto the divan . 
 i let my breath out again , but i ca n't help smiling . 
 of course she 's just messing around with me . 
 enzo glances at her . 
 she crosses her arms . 
 `` i 've been practicing , reaper , '' she declares . 
 `` watch this . '' 
 she points at enzo , then narrows her eyes . 
 i watch curiously . 
 `` you ! '' 
 she commands . 
 `` fetch me a slice of melon . '' 
 enzo raises an eyebrow at her . 
 `` no , '' he answers flatly , and the patrons let out a round of laughter . 
 her father smiles indulgently . 
 gemma laughs along , then rolls her eyes and slumps back down on the divan . 
 `` well , just you wait , '' she says . 
 `` men are n't so much more complicated than animals . 
 i 'll figure it out . '' 
 her antics coax an affectionate smile out of enzo , cutting briefly through his tension . 
 `` i do n't doubt it , my star thief , '' he says , and she beams at him in the midst of more chuckles from the daggers and nobles . 
 i look on , trying to fight down my envy as gemma laughs with her father . 
 one of the consorts claps her hands . 
 `` a game ! '' 
 she exclaims . 
 she passes out long golden necklaces to us . 
 i 'm not familiar with this , but apparently the others are-because they let out whoops and whistles . 
 the consort notices my puzzled look . 
 `` loop your necklace around the person you 're most fond of , '' she explains with a smile . 
 `` the one with the most necklaces wins . '' 
 the shouts and laughter fly fast and thick . 
 gemma attempts to steal everyone 's necklaces for herself , only to have lucent toss them up into the air and knock gemma onto a divan with a playful gust of wind . 
 the aristocrats clap , applauding their powers and murmuring about how they will show them off during the tournament . 
 several consorts loop their necklaces over michel 's neck , making his grin as wide as his face . 
 even dante , with his permanent scowl , lets a consort give him a necklace and wraps his arm around her waist . 
 gemma offers me her necklace , as does one of the other male consorts . 
 i blush , laughing along . 
 enzo watches us all with a calm expression . 
 he twines his gold necklace around his fingers , deep in thought . 
 `` come , your highness , '' michel calls out at him , twirling his trio of necklaces around his hand . 
 he grins . 
 `` unless you 're most fond of yourself . '' 
 more carefree laughter . 
 enzo gives him a small smile , then tosses his necklace up in the air . 
 `` for you , then , '' he replies . 
 michel gestures at the necklace , and it vanishes in midair and reappears wrapped around his hand . 
 he throws it around his neck with a triumphant grin . 
 enzo waves off the consorts attempting to give him a necklace and looks on as the others fight over the prizes , each one more enthusiastic than the last . 
 none of them know what 's going through my mind . 
 none of them know that even as they celebrate , i am thinking about what to do with teren , how to get to the inquisition tower to save my sister . 
 how i will betray everyone in here . 
 i sway in my seat . 
 the others do n't notice , but enzo does-he turns to look at me . 
 i put down my glass of wine and take a deep breath , but it 's no use . 
 darkness pools in the pit of my stomach , feeding ravenously on my fear . 
 i ca n't stay here . 
 it takes me a moment to realize that enzo has risen to his feet . 
 he strides over to me , offers me his gloved hand , and helps me up . 
 i lean unsteadily against him . 
 the others pause for a moment to look over at us , and some of the laughter fades . 
 `` are you all right , adelina ? '' 
 gemma calls out . 
 i start to say something , but it 's hard to focus . 
 enzo wraps an arm around me and guides me away from the circle . 
 `` carry on , '' he tells the others . 
 `` i 'll return shortly . '' 
 then he lowers his voice to me and leads me back inside the court . 
 `` you look like you need to rest , '' he murmurs . 
 i do n't argue . 
 as the noise of the others fades away , leaving only the echo of our footsteps up the stone path to the surface , i slowly come back to life . 
 the darkness fades a little , replaced with the pulse of enzo 's heart . 
 his hand is hot against my side . 
 my legs feel weak , but he keeps me steady . 
 my head reaches to his shoulder and i 'm reminded again of how tall he is , how small i am . 
 `` i do n't think i 've quite gotten over last night , '' i murmur as we walk , trying to think of a good excuse . 
 `` do n't apologize , '' enzo replies . 
 `` teren is not an inquisitor to take lightly . '' 
 i look at him . 
 my curiosity rises . 
 `` your fire did n't hurt him , '' i decide to say . 
 `` have you ... always known ? '' 
 enzo hesitates . 
 `` i knew him when we were children . '' 
 there 's something strange about the way he says this , as if he feels a certain sympathy for teren . 
 `` he 's the only elite that raffaele can not sense . '' 
 raffaele . 
 `` where is he tonight ? '' 
 `` the madam informed me that raffaele was called to a client 's home , '' enzo says after a moment . 
 `` i 'm sure all is well . '' 
 but something about his tone tells me that raffaele should have returned by now . 
 i look back down , trying not to think the worst . 
 we reach the wall that opens to the courtyard fountains . 
 a light drizzle has started , chilling the night air . 
 by now , i 'm able to walk on my own again , and i pause here for a moment to savor the quiet dance of rain on my skin . 
 enzo waits patiently . 
 i tilt my face up and close my eye . 
 the drizzle is cold , clearing my senses . 
 the damp grass soaks the hem of my robes . 
 `` i feel better now , '' i say . 
 partly true , at least . 
 he gazes out at the courtyard too , as if taking in the shine that the rain gives to the night scene . 
 there 's a faraway look in his eyes . 
 finally , he turns back to me . 
 he looks like he wants to ask what 's troubling me , as if he knows it extends deeper than what i 'd claimed , but he does n't . 
 can i tell you ? 
 would you turn on me ? 
 enzo watches me silently . 
 the lanterns on the courtyard wall outline his face in a halo of damp , golden light , and the beads of water in his hair glitter in the darkness . 
 he is such a startlingly different beauty from raffaele-dark , intense , wary , perhaps even menacing-but i see a softness in him , a stirring desire . 
 something mysterious flickers in his eyes . 
 the spiced wine from earlier now gives me a sudden rush of courage . 
 on impulse , i take my gold necklace off , then lift my arms and drape it over his neck . 
 my hands brush past his crimson hair , the skin of his neck . 
 i half expect enzo to push me away . 
 but he does n't stop me . 
 his eyes are liquid dark and beautiful , slashed with scarlet , ringed with long lashes , full of an emotion deep and wanting . 
 i swallow , suddenly aware of the attention i 've stirred . 
 then i lean up on my toes , gently tug the necklace toward me , and bring his lips to mine . 
 i hover there for a second , heady with the rush of courage . 
 he does n't move a muscle . 
 to my surprise and dismay , warmth does n't surge through me at the connection between us . 
 not the way it had when he 'd kissed me at the spring moons . 
 there 's fear in his heart . 
 he 's holding back his energy . 
 this thought brings me back to reality , and suddenly i feel stupid . 
 our last kiss had been one of necessity , part of blending into the festivities . 
 that was all . 
 i pull away . 
 rain dances cold against my face . 
 stupid . 
 i 'm in no state to act appropriately right now-there are too many thoughts racing through my mind , and i am so exhausted from them . 
 i 'm too embarrassed to look him in the eyes , so i just start to step away . 
 he places a gloved hand against the small of my back and stops me . 
 i stand still for a moment , trembling in his grasp . 
 rain shines on his lashes . 
 his other hand tilts my chin up . 
 i only have time to glance once at his face before he brings his lips down to mine . 
 then he 's kissing me , really kissing , reaching deep down for more . 
 heat explodes inside me , flooding every vein in my body , a fire so intense that i ca n't catch my breath . 
 my mouth opens , gasping for air until he seizes my kiss back . 
 the hand he uses to lift my chin now runs along the naked line of my jaw , careful and caressing , but even as he restrains his deadly abilities , i can sense the raw power churning under the surface . 
 he pins me to the damp wall so that his body is pressed solidly against mine . 
 in this moment , i ca n't seem to remember anything . 
 i push myself up on my toes and wrap my arms around his neck . 
 i can feel the contour of his chest through his doublet and linen , the body hidden beneath the reaper that makes him human . 
 his kiss goes on and on-i have trouble keeping my thoughts straight now . 
 my hand slides from the back of his neck to the part of his throat exposed by his shirt . 
 i push the linen farther aside , revealing bare skin , then the smooth line of his collarbone , then the curve of his brown shoulder . 
 my fingers run across a scar there . 
 he takes my hand , pulls it away from his skin , and pins it firmly to the wall over my head . 
 his kisses wander down to my neck . 
 heat ripples in rings across my skin each time his lips make contact . 
 my toes curl . 
 i 'm going to fall , i 'm sure of it-but he holds me steady . 
 the edges of my skirts are sliding higher , leaving wet streaks on my legs . 
 his gloved hands . 
 soft leather against my skin . 
 then another wave of liquid fire bubbles through my body , and i can think of nothing else . 
 the tiny raindrops landing on my lips and skin are pinpricks of ice against the heat coursing through me . 
 i delight in the contrast . 
 when i squint into the drizzle , i see the steam of my breath curling up into the night sky . 
 a strange tingle runs through my toes . 
 i can not think-i 'm losing control over my powers . 
 threads of my energy start to snake out of my chest , searching for enzo 's heart , wrapping its strings around his own , clouding them with darkness . 
 this is dangerous . 
 a small light of warning flashes inside me , and with all my strength , i force my illusions back under control . 
 `` stop , '' i whisper , pushing away . 
 he pulls back immediately , taking the heat of his energy with him . 
 my body cools . 
 he looks confused , as if he ca n't quite remember what 's just happened . 
 his eyes search my face . 
 the moment ends , and all of my dark thoughts return in a rush , leaving me weak and nauseous . 
 my skin tingles . 
 what had my energy been trying to do ? 
 i can still feel the remnants of its dark threads , still eager to seek out enzo , to overwhelm him . 
 `` i 'm not seventeen yet , '' i decide to say . 
 `` i can not give myself away . '' 
 enzo nods . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he suddenly seems to recognize me again , the familiarity returning to his eyes , and the expression puzzles me . 
 he gives me a small smile that seems tinged with apology . 
 `` let 's not anger the gods , then . '' 
 he guides us out of the courtyard and back into the hall . 
 we walk in silence , my heartbeat keeping time with our footsteps . 
 finally , we reach my chamber door . 
 enzo does n't linger . 
 instead , he gives me a courteous bow and bids me good night . 
 i watch him go until he turns a corner and disappears . 
 then i enter my chamber . 
 the room is dark , the reflections of rain on the windows painting moving shadows against the walls . 
 i stand against the door for a while , replaying our kiss in my mind . 
 my cheeks stay hot . 
 long minutes drag by , until i have no idea how long i 've been here like this . 
 had i run my hand along the naked skin of his throat , the line of his collarbone , his exposed shoulder ? 
 had my energy surged out of control , seeking to wrap itself around him ? 
 i have to tell him . 
 i 'm an official elite now ; i should be able to tell the daggers everything . 
 enzo had confided in me that he had some sort of history with teren-if i should tell anyone about what teren whispered to me , i should be able to tell him . 
 suddenly , i find myself moving toward the door again . 
 i step out , then follow the corridor the way i 'd come . 
 i will never have another chance like this . 
 the sky is completely dark by the time i make my way back down the corridor , the candles lining the hall are already lit , and the sound of rain beats steadily against the roofs . 
 i head down to the cavern . 
 laughter and conversation drift from the space . 
 everyone must still be down here , and by the sound of it , the wine 's still flowing freely . 
 my hands tremble as i walk . 
 i reach the hall leading into the cavern , then pause behind the final pillar that overlooks the room . 
 here and there , i catch a glimpse of enzo 's crimson hair . 
 the sight of him sends my heart pounding . 
 i 'm one of them now . 
 they are my friends and allies . 
 they deserve to know . 
 i start to step out . 
 then i stop . 
 dante has pulled enzo aside . 
 they exchange a few words , and then dante nods toward my hallway . 
 they walk in my direction , seeking out the corridor for a private chat . 
 i tense . 
 they 'll discover me here . 
 for some reason , fear or curiosity or suspicion , i shrink back into the shadows and conjure a curtain of invisibility around myself . 
 i paint the illusion of an empty hall over me , blending myself in with the shadows of the wall and pillar . 
 then i hold my breath . 
 what are they talking about ? 
 beside me , my father 's ghost appears without warning , his shattered chest heaving , his mouth twisted into a dark smile . 
 he places a skeletal hand on my shoulder and points at their approaching figures . 
 do you see that ? 
 he whispers in my ear , turning my insides to ice . 
 let 's listen to what your enemy has to say to your love . 
 i want to ignore his voice , but when enzo and dante finally reach the hall and come to a stop barely a dozen feet away from me , i catch their conversation . 
 they 're talking about me . 
 and moritas rose out of the underworld with such fury in her eyes that all who saw her fell to their knees , and all wept , <br/> `` he had her pinned against a wall . 
 she tried to attack him . '' 
 dante grits his teeth . 
 `` they talked for longer than that . 
 where is she now ? '' 
 `` she 's resting , '' enzo replies . 
 dante waits for him to say more . 
 when enzo does n't , he continues in a growl . 
 `` you 've killed your own before , when they 've endangered the safety of our entire group . '' 
 enzo stays quiet , as if reminded of something he would rather forget . 
 my hands clench together . 
 `` her presence here now endangers us all , '' dante goes on . 
 `` we still have some days to go before the tournament of storms , and adelina ca n't be recognized again . '' 
 `` she may be the only way for us to get close enough to the king and queen . '' 
 `` she may be the one sabotaging us . 
 is it strange that the inquisition banned malfettos from entering the tournament on the same day adelina left to watch the qualifying races against your wishes ? '' 
 `` if she wanted to turn us in , there would be inquisitors swarming all over us right now . '' 
 enzo folds his arms behind his back . 
 `` it would have happened already . '' 
 dante looks at him sideways . 
 `` is that all , your highness ? '' 
 enzo narrows his eyes . 
 `` what are you suggesting ? '' 
 `` i saw you escorting her away . 
 all the other elites suspect it . 
 i 've known you for years-i can see the truth on your face . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to see . '' 
 `` she reminds you of daphne , does n't she ? 
 that little tamouran face ? '' 
 a cloud of numbness sweeps over me . 
 daphne . 
 who is daphne ? 
 through the fog that envelops me , i sense an overwhelming tide of anger rising in enzo 's heart , pushing and straining to lash out . 
 the energy makes me gasp-i clamp a hand over my mouth to silence it . 
 my heart pounds a frantic warning . 
 `` you 're on dangerous ground , '' enzo says to him in a quiet voice . 
 dante hesitates , wavering for a moment , but then scowls and plunges on . 
 his voice takes on a surprising switch , a transition from his arrogant , bullying condescension to something with genuine concern in it . 
 `` listen . 
 we all liked daphne . 
 best non-malfetto i ever knew . 
 she nursed me back to health-i 'd have died if it was n't for her . 
 you think i did n't notice all the times you abandoned your estates or the fortunata court in order to go find her ? 
 think we did n't know you wanted to marry her ? '' 
 to marry her . 
 dante 's voice stills . 
 `` you think i did n't mourn her too ? 
 that i did n't want to murder every inquisitor in the city for her ? '' 
 enzo listens in silence , his face a portrait of stone . 
 there are walls around his energy now , barring me from his emotions . 
 i fight to concentrate on my illusion of invisibility . 
 why are n't you calling him a liar , enzo ? 
 because it 's all the truth , of course . 
 no wonder enzo sometimes looks at me as if i were someone else . 
 it 's because he is seeing someone else . 
 another girl who once lived , whom he once loved , whom he loves still . 
 dante leans over . 
 the anger in him swells . 
 `` adelina is not her . 
 she 's got the fire , i 'll give her that , and-markings aside-the face . 
 but they are completely different people , reaper . 
 and i can tell you that while everyone trusted daphne , nobody trusts your new girl . 
 we all tolerate her , at best . '' 
 dante pauses to hold up two fingers . 
 `` she 's gone against your orders , and she 's been spotted talking to the enemy . 
 you 've killed for less than that . 
 you 've given her advantages that you do n't give others . 
 you 've softened to her . 
 i do n't like taking orders-but i still take them from you . 
 i have n't taken them for years just to see you fall all over yourself for a girl who reminds you of a dead sweetheart . '' 
 the look that enzo now gives dante is enough to make the latter take a careful step back . 
 `` i 'm quite aware of who adelina is , '' the prince says in a low voice . 
 `` and who she 's not . '' 
 `` not if you think you 're in love with her , your highness . '' 
 `` my affairs are not your business . '' 
 `` they are if she 's a distraction from our goals . '' 
 enzo narrows his eyes . 
 `` she is nothing to me , '' he snaps with a careless gesture of one hand . 
 `` nothing more than a dagger recruit . 
 just part of our plans . '' 
 the ice in his voice hits me hard . 
 nothing more . 
 a rip appears on my heart . 
 dante snorts at his words . 
 `` if that 's the truth , then you should have no trouble taking some advice from another one of your daggers . '' 
 he gestures at himself . 
 `` and you 're suggesting ? '' 
 enzo says . 
 `` on my honor , i will tolerate her so long as you tolerate her . 
 use her as you will . 
 but after you 're on the throne and finished with your fun , you should get rid of her . 
 she wo n't stay loyal to you long . '' 
 i tremble at the darkness awakening in enzo 's heart , a fury that blacks out all the excitement drifting over from the other daggers and patrons , a rage that envelops the cavern . 
 `` i appreciate your concern , '' he says after a moment , emphasizing the words in slow , ominous notes . 
 `` but our conversation here is done . '' 
 `` suit yourself , your highness , '' dante says in disgust . 
 `` you may have sentenced us all . '' 
 he turns away to head back to the group . 
 enzo stays where he is , his expression guarded , his eyes trained on the spider 's back , thinking . 
 it occurs to me , with all the agony of a twisting knife , that he might be considering dante 's words . 
 finally , enzo also returns to the others . 
 i do n't . 
 i stay where i am , crouched in a shuddering heap at the entrance of the chamber , shrouded in invisibility , alone as the gathering continues . 
 the words i prepared to say to the daggers have withered on my tongue . 
 the memory of the kiss i shared with enzo so recently now leaves me cold and shivering . 
 i feel no anger . 
 no jealousy . 
 just ... emptiness . 
 a bone-deep sense of loss . 
 somehow , the echoes of gemma 's wisecracks and the patrons ' laughter sound menacing to me now . 
 gemma has treated you well . 
 raffaele took you under his wing . 
 i hang on to these thoughts in desperation , searching for comfort , trying to convince myself that dante 's lying . 
 i ca n't . 
 they are only good to me because they need me . 
 just like enzo . 
 kindness with strings attached . 
 would they have befriended me if i were worthless ? 
 finally , i rise to my feet and head back to my chamber . 
 my illusion ripples around me . 
 if someone were here in the hall , they would see a current of movement in the air , a strange shadow gliding along the corridor . 
 i reach my chamber , lock my door , release the illusion , and crouch against the foot of my bed . 
 here , i finally unleash my emotions . 
 tears run down my face . 
 so much for thinking that i can tell them everything . 
 time passes . 
 minutes , an hour . 
 who knows ? 
 the moonlight shifts its slant through my windows . 
 i am back again in my childhood bedchamber , running away from my father . 
 i am back against the railings of my old home 's stairway , listening to my father sell me to his guest . 
 or maybe i 'm listening to dante denouncing me before enzo . 
 they 're talking about me . 
 they are always talking about me . 
 i have made a full circle and i have not escaped my fate at all . 
 my father 's ghost appears through the wall beside me . 
 he kneels before me and cups my face in his hands . 
 i can almost feel the whisper of his touch , the cold shiver of death . 
 he smiles . 
 do n't you see , adelina ? 
 he says gently . 
 do n't you see how i have always looked out for you ? 
 everything i 've ever taught you is true . 
 who will ever love a malfetto like you ? 
 i clutch my head and squeeze my eye shut . 
 enzo is not like them . 
 he believed in me . 
 he took me in and stood up for me . 
 i recall the way he had danced with me at the spring moons , the way he protected me from teren . 
 all our days training together , the gentleness in his kiss , his affectionate laugh . 
 i repeat this to myself until the words blur together into something unrecognizable . 
 but did he really do those things for you ? 
 my father whispers . 
 or for himself ? 
 i have no idea how late the night has turned . 
 for all i know , dawn could be arriving soon . 
 or perhaps only a few minutes have passed . 
 all i know is that , as the time drags on , the true part of me is slowly but surely giving way to something bitter . 
 what was once sadness is making way for anger . 
 the darkness creeps in . 
 exhausted , i welcome it . 
 i rise from my crouch . 
 my feet move toward the door . 
 i head out into the hallway again , but this time i do n't go in the direction of the others . 
 my feet point instead toward the opposite path , the one that leads me out of the court , into the streets , and down to the canals . 
 toward the inquisition tower . 
 teren santoro the lights in the palace burn low tonight . 
 teren makes his way down the empty halls , tracing a very familiar path . 
 his boots echo faintly against the floors , but he steps lightly , and the sound is almost imperceptible . 
 at the end of the hall is the king 's private bedchambers . 
 but guards are always posted outside of the doors . 
 teren takes a detour instead , wandering down a narrower hall and pushing through an invisible panel in the wall that will take him directly into the bedroom . 
 the secret door swings open without a sound . 
 teren 's eyes go immediately to the bed . 
 by the light of the moons , he can see the king 's snoring figure rising and falling under the blankets . 
 beside him , queen giulietta sits upright in bed . 
 she so rarely visits the king 's chambers that the sight of her in here feels foreign to teren . 
 she meets his eyes and motions him closer . 
 the smell of wine is a pungent cloud around the king . 
 teren steps closer . 
 he gives the queen a questioning look . 
 she stares at him levelly in return . 
 teren removes a knife tucked at his waist . 
 it is an unusual weapon-so small and thin that it looks like something a doctor would use in surgery . 
 he hoists it in one hand . 
 with his other hand , he produces a heavy wooden mallet from within his cloaks . 
 teren learned this as a child , when his father lay on his deathbed and he stood by , crying , while a doctor put his dying father out of his misery . 
 it had been quick and painless . 
 most important , it had been free of blood or obvious wounds . 
 when the inquisition buried his father , it was as if he simply died in his sleep , his body intact and seemingly untouched . 
 now , teren positions the needlelike knife over the inside corner of the king 's right eye . 
 he hoists the wooden mallet over the end of the knife , then pulls the mallet back . 
 giulietta watches him in silence . 
 giulietta is the rightful ruler of kenettra . 
 the gods ordained it by marking prince enzo , cursing him as a malfetto . 
 the gods gave kenettra this weak king , the duke of estenzia , a nobleman not even of the royal bloodline . 
 but giulietta is pure . 
 she should rule kenettra . 
 with adelina 's help , teren will destroy the young elites . 
 and with giulietta 's support , they will rid the entire country of malfettos . 
 teren smiles at the thought . 
 tonight , giulietta will cry out for her guards and tell them the king has stopped breathing beside her . 
 they will pronounce the king dead of natural causes , of excessive wine or of heart attack . 
 and tonight , teren will begin a true purge of the city 's malfettos . 
 he gathers his strength . 
 then he slams the mallet down on the knife 's handle . 
 the knife strikes true . 
 the body goes rigid , twitching . 
 then , gradually , the movements fade . 
 the king is dead . 
 long live the queen . 
 to love is to be afraid . 
 you are frightened , deathly terrified , that something will happen to those you love . 
 think of the possibilities . 
 does your heart clench with each thought ? 
 that , my friend , is love . 
 and love enslaves us all , for you can not have love without fear . 
 - a private thesis on the romancing of three kings , by baroness sammarco adelina amouteru i have n't been out in estenzia often enough to know , but i would have guessed that at such a late hour , the city would be quieter . 
 no such luck tonight . 
 the streets are teeming with inquisition guards . 
 in fact , i ca n't turn a single corner without seeing a patrol making its way down the street . 
 their presence forces me to slow down . 
 something has happened . 
 what is going on ? 
 i pass through the shadows , my silver mask tucked neatly under my arm . 
 i cloak myself in an illusion of invisibility , but the act exhausts me quickly , allowing me to do it only for a few moments at a time . 
 i pause frequently in dark alleys to gather my strength . 
 invisibility is hard , as hard as disguising myself as another person . 
 with each step , my surroundings change , and i have to shift my illusion to change with it . 
 if i do n't shift quickly or accurately enough , i look like a ripple moving through air . 
 the consequence of invisibility , therefore , is constant concentration , to the point where i can barely remember what my real self looks like . 
 at least it 's nighttime . 
 a more forgiving hour . 
 i hide again as more inquisition patrols hurry past . 
 somewhere distant in the night , a few shouts go up . 
 i listen intently . 
 at first , i ca n't make out what they 're saying . 
 then , moments later , the words become clear . 
 `` the king is dead ! '' 
 the distant cry freezes me in place . 
 the king ... is dead ? 
 a moment later , another voice joins in , repeating the phrase . 
 then another . 
 among them , i hear another phrase . 
 long live the queen ! 
 the king is dead . 
 long live the queen . 
 i steady myself against the wall . 
 did the daggers make their move tonight ? 
 no , they would n't have . 
 they did n't plan for it . 
 the king had died before they could get to him . 
 what happened ? 
 teren , a whisper in my head suggests . 
 but that does n't seem right . 
 why would he want the king dead ? 
 without risking a gondola ride , it takes me a full hour before i can even sight the inquisition axis 's tower looming in the distance . 
 beyond it lies the palace-and if i 'm not mistaken , the clusters of inquisitors seem to be heading in that general direction . 
 by the time i 'm in the same square as the tower , a cold sheen of sweat has broken out on my brow . 
 i stop in the shadows of a nearby shop , then let down my invisibility illusion , remove my mask for a moment , and take a deep breath . 
 this is easily the longest i 've ever held an illusion in place , and the result is a wave of dizziness that leaves me swaying in place . 
 when i was nine , i went into my father 's study and ripped apart a letter he had been writing to a local doctor , asking advice on medicines to subdue my temper . 
 my father found out what i 'd done , of course . 
 he told violetta to lock me in my bedchamber for three days without food or water . 
 when violetta found me nearly unconscious at the end of the second day , she begged him to release me . 
 he did . 
 then he smiled and asked me if i 'd enjoyed the rush of thirst and hunger . 
 if it had woken anything in me . 
 the dizziness i felt back then , leaning against my locked door and shouting myself hoarse for my sister to release me , is not unlike how i feel now . 
 the memory gives me some strength , though . 
 after a few minutes , i swallow and straighten myself . 
 my gaze focuses on the tower . 
 a short walkway leads from the main square up to the tower 's looming doors , and inquisitors line this path . 
 a large , round lantern hangs at the tower 's entrance , illuminating the door 's dark wood . 
 i start to cover myself up again-then stop . 
 why should i drain my energy now ? 
 if i get to the door successfully with an invisibility illusion , i will still need to pull it open in order to enter . 
 no way for me to disguise that . 
 so , instead , i walk up to the guards . 
 the memory of the last time i did this , in a city gone wild with the qualifying races , comes back to me . 
 two of them immediately draw their swords . 
 i force myself to stare straight back at them . 
 `` i 'm here to see master santoro , '' i reply . 
 `` he asked for me personally . '' 
 a flicker of doubt appears on one of the men 's faces at the mention of teren 's name . 
 my energy stirs at the emotion , strengthening . 
 i frown at them . 
 this time , i take advantage of their obvious unease . 
 from my cloak , i produce the silver mask . 
 `` i have information for him on the young elites . '' 
 my voice is surprisingly smooth . 
 `` do you really want to risk turning me away ? '' 
 the guard 's eyes widen in recognition at the sight of the mask , and my energy strengthens again as i feel myself winning control over this soldier , forcing him to do something against his will . 
 finally , the first inquisitor gestures for two of the others to seize me . 
 `` let her in . '' 
 then he growls at me . 
 `` you 'll wait until he returns . '' 
 teren 's not in the tower tonight . 
 their hands on my arms remind me of my execution day in dalia . 
 as they lead me away , i look over my shoulder as more inquisitors run by on the streets . 
 the energy of fear seems high tonight . 
 it pulses through me , stimulating my senses . 
 we step inside the tower . 
 they usher me into a small chamber branching off from the main hall , and here they seat me on the floor . 
 then they surround me in a circle , each of their spears pointed straight at me . 
 outside the door , more wait . 
 i stare back at them , determined not to show them any hint of emotion . 
 the dungeons should be somewhere below us , if this tower is anything like the one i was once kept in . 
 where is teren keeping violetta ... if he has her at all ? 
 i do n't know how long i 'm in here , counting the minutes away . 
 the inquisitors stay unmoving . 
 is this what they go through in training-standing motionless for hours at a time ? 
 i can sense their unease around me , a persistent , underlying emotion that peeks through from the stern , unfeeling shell they try to pull over it . 
 i smile at them . 
 their fear grows . 
 my excitement grows with it . 
 suddenly , from outside the windows comes the sound of shattering glass . 
 then , screams . 
 i turn in the direction of the sound . 
 the guards all hoist their swords at my movement , but i continue to look toward the windows . 
 the sound of running feet , hundreds of them , then more voices , then chaos . 
 a faint glow of yellow and orange flickers against the windows ' dark glass . 
 the king 's death . 
 is this related ? 
 do the daggers know what happened ? 
 does enzo know i 've run away yet ? 
 the door bursts open . 
 a new inquisitor comes hurrying in , then whispers something in the ear of the closest guard . 
 i try in vain to catch what he 's saying . 
 outside , more shouts and shrieks ring out in the night . 
 and then i hear it-a familiar voice from down the hall . 
 my head jerks in its direction . 
 teren has returned . 
 he strides into my room , a swagger in his step , his head held high , and a cold smile on his lips . 
 he pauses at the sight of me . 
 i suck my breath in sharply . 
 suddenly my entire mission-all my powers-seem to pale in his presence . 
 `` you came , '' he finally says , stopping before me . 
 `` it 's about time . 
 i was sure i 'd have to kill you tonight . '' 
 he crosses his arms over his chest . 
 `` you saved me the trouble . '' 
 `` i hear the king has died , '' i whisper . 
 teren bows his head once , but his words are stripped of empathy . 
 `` a sudden illness . 
 we are all in mourning . '' 
 i shiver . 
 are you , teren ? 
 his matter-of-fact answer is confirmation enough that the daggers were n't the ones responsible . 
 but just because the daggers did n't assassinate the king ... does n't mean he was n't assassinated . 
 a sudden illness sounds suspicious . 
 `` you promised me my sister , '' i say , my eye focused on his bloody cloak . 
 `` and her safety . '' 
 for a moment , i consider using my powers on him . 
 but then what ? 
 all i can create are illusions . 
 i ca n't hurt him . 
 not even enzo can hurt him . 
 `` my word is as good as yours , '' he replies , eyeing me pointedly . 
 `` but it may not be good for long . '' 
 whatever it is that teren has ordered done to the city tonight , it has brought with it a cloud of terror . 
 i study him , sensing the swirling darkness in his heart , the madness glinting in his eyes . 
 collect yourself . 
 concentrate . 
 i steel my heart , sharpening my fear into a razor-sharp blade . 
 `` take me to my sister . 
 or i 'll tell you nothing . '' 
 teren tilts his head . 
 `` demanding , are n't we ? '' 
 his eyes narrow . 
 `` something has happened to you since the last time we crossed paths . '' 
 in my chest , my alignment with ambition surges . 
 `` are you interested in capturing the young elites , or not ? '' 
 my answer coaxes a single laugh out of him . 
 his smile wavers for a moment , diminishing his madness , and he gives me a more serious look . 
 `` what made you turn your back on them ? '' 
 i withdraw . 
 i do n't want to revisit what i heard . 
 `` is n't it enough that you threatened my sister 's life ? 
 that you threw me against a wall ? '' 
 his eyes pulse with curiosity . 
 `` there 's more . '' 
 the heat of enzo 's kiss springs unbidden to my mind , the way his eyes had softened at the sight of me , the way he 'd pushed me against the wall ... the conversation between him and dante . 
 i push the emotion away and shake my head at teren . 
 `` let me see my sister first , '' i repeat . 
 `` what if i tell my men to kill her now , unless you give me what i want ? '' 
 my jaw tightens . 
 stay brave . 
 `` then i 'll never talk . '' 
 i meet his stare with my own , refusing to back down . 
 the last time we met , he had taken me by surprise and i cowered before him . 
 this time , i ca n't afford to do the same thing . 
 finally , teren nods at me to follow him . 
 `` come , then , '' he says , gesturing to the inquisitors . 
 `` let 's play your game . '' 
 success . 
 the inquisitors lower their swords and drag me to my feet . 
 gradually , i start to gather energy in my chest . 
 i 'm going to need everything i have , or there is no hope of escaping this place with violetta . 
 he leads us farther down into the dungeons , down , down , until i stop counting the number of stony steps we 've covered . 
 how far does this go ? 
 as we continue , i hear the cries of prisoners ringing from other floors , a chorus of haunted wails . 
 i have to hold my breath down here . 
 never in my life have i felt so much fear and anger concentrated in a single place . 
 the emotions swim around me , hungering for me to do something with them . 
 my own anger and fear threaten to overwhelm my senses . 
 i grit my teeth , hanging on to my powers . 
 i could do so much down here . 
 i could conjure an illusion like none of them have ever seen . 
 but i continue to hold back . 
 not until i see violetta myself . 
 finally , teren guides us down to a floor quieter than the rest . 
 small wooden doors covered with iron bars line the walls . 
 we walk through a narrowly lit corridor until we stand before a lone door at the very end . 
 i nearly stagger , so powerful is my darkness here . 
 i was in a place like this once . 
 `` your sister , '' he says to me , giving me a mock bow . 
 one of the other inquisitors unlocks the door , and it groans open . 
 i blink . 
 behind the heavy door is a tiny , cramped cell . 
 candles burn along small ledges on the wall . 
 a bed of hay is piled in one corner , and on it sits a girl with a sweet , fragile face and a head of dark locks that now look tangled and dull . 
 she is thin and frail , shaking from the cold . 
 her wide eyes find me . 
 i 'm ashamed by my rush of mixed emotions at the sight of her-joy , love , hate , envy . 
 `` adelina ? '' 
 my sister says . 
 and suddenly i remember the night i ran away from home , when she stood in my bedchamber 's doorway and rubbed sleep from her eyes . 
 inquisitors immediately file in and surround her . 
 she shrinks away from them on the bed , tucking her knees up to her chin . 
 as she does , i notice the heavy shackles on her wrists and ankles that keep her chained to the bed . 
 darkness roars inside me . 
 what illusion can i perform that could get us out before they can hurt her ? 
 i gauge the distance between us , the number of steps that separate the inquisitors and me , me and teren . 
 all of raffaele 's and enzo 's lessons run through my mind . 
 teren waits for me to step inside the room , and then closes the door behind him . 
 he strolls closer to violetta . 
 as he does , i feel her fear spike-and with that , mine does too . 
 teren looks her over with a critical gaze , then turns back to me with a sweep of his cloak . 
 he studies me . 
 `` tell me , adelina-what are their names ? '' 
 i open my mouth . 
 tell him about the horrible spider , the little whispers say gleefully in my head . 
 go on . 
 he deserves it . 
 give him enzo , and michel , and lucent . 
 give him gemma . 
 you 're doing so well . 
 in my head , i imagine confessing everything i know to teren . 
 `` where are the young elites ? '' 
 he 'll say . 
 `` the fortunata court , '' i 'll reply . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` it has many secret passages . 
 they use the catacombs underneath the court . 
 you can find the entrance in the smallest garden . '' 
 `` tell me their names . '' 
 i do . 
 the vision in my head vanishes , and i once again see teren standing before me . 
 somehow , the confessions do n't come out . 
 despite my silence , teren seems calm . 
 `` adelina , i 'm impressed . 
 something did happen to you . '' 
 a faint warning buzzes in my head . 
 `` you want their names , '' i say , prolonging the game . 
 teren observes me with an interested stare . 
 his lips twitch . 
 `` still hesitant , are n't you ? '' 
 he walks in a slow circle around me , close enough that i can feel the brush of his cloak against my skin . 
 with a chill , i realize that it reminds me of when raffaele circled me during my test with the gemstones , sizing me up , studying my potential . 
 finally , teren stops before me . 
 he draws his sword and points it at violetta . 
 my heart twists . 
 `` why do you protect them so loyally , adelina ? 
 what did they promise you , once you were part of their circle ? 
 did they make you believe that they 're a band of noble heroes ? 
 that they recruited you for some honorable cause , instead of the murder they actually commit ? 
 do you think their spring moons stunt did n't claim any innocent lives ? '' 
 he fixes his pale , pulsing eyes on me . 
 `` i 've seen what you can do . 
 i know of the darkness in your soul . 
 you were willing to run from them-i 'd wager that you do n't trust them . 
 there 's something ... different about you . 
 they do n't like you , do they ? '' 
 how could he possibly know that ? 
 `` what are you trying to say ? '' 
 i ask through clenched teeth . 
 `` you 're here because you know you do n't belong , '' he replies coolly . 
 `` let me tell you something , adelina . 
 there 's no shame in turning your back on a group of criminals who want nothing more than to burn this entire nation to the ground . 
 do you think they 'd protect you if you were in danger ? '' 
 he turns , his gaze sidelong . 
 i think back to how malfettos have burned at the stake , and how the daggers chose not to save them . 
 because they were n't elites . 
 `` they came for you that day because you had something they wanted , '' teren says , as if he knows what i 'm thinking . 
 `` no one throws away something useful to them-that is , until it 's no longer useful . '' 
 he 's right . 
 `` i 've grown fond of you , in the time we 've spent together , '' he continues . 
 `` do you ever think on the myth of the angel of joy and his brother , the angel of greed ? 
 do you remember the story of denarius casting laetes from the heavens , condemning him to walk the world as a man until his death sent him back among the gods ? 
 curing the angel of joy of his arrogance in thinking that he was the gods ' most beloved child ? '' 
 he leans closer . 
 `` there is an imbalance in the world , just as there was when joy left the heavens-warning signs of demons walking with us , defying the natural order . 
 sometimes , the only way to set things right is to do what is difficult . 
 it is the only way to love them back . '' 
 all pretense of amusement is now gone from his face . 
 `` that 's why i was sent by the gods . 
 and i feel , too , that perhaps you were sent for the same reason . 
 there is a yearning in you to set things right , little malfetto-you are smarter than the others , because you know there is something wrong with you . 
 it tears at your conscience , does n't it ? 
 you have hatred for yourself , and i admire that . 
 it 's why you keep coming back to me . 
 the only way to cure yourself of this guilt is to atone for it by saving your fellow abominations . 
 help them return to the underworld , where they belong . 
 do this with me . 
 you and i can set the world right again , and when we do , the gods will deem us forgiven . '' 
 his voice has taken on a strange , gentle tone . 
 `` it does n't seem right or kind , i know-it seems cruel . 
 but it must be done . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 something about his words makes sense . 
 they twist around my head and my heart until they seem logical . 
 i am an abomination-even to the other daggers . 
 perhaps it really is my duty to set the world right again . 
 i do this because i love you , my father 's ghost whispers . 
 you may not understand it right now , but it is for your own good . 
 you are a monster . 
 i still love you . 
 i will set you right . 
 teren 's serious look shifts to a sympathetic one , an expression i recognize from my execution day . 
 `` if you pledge yourself to the inquisition , to me , and swear to use your powers and your knowledge to send malfettos back to the underworld , i will give you everything you 've ever wanted . 
 i can grant your every desire . 
 money ? 
 power ? 
 respect ? 
 done . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` you can redeem yourself , change from an abomination in the gods ' eyes to a savior . 
 you can help me fix this world . 
 would n't it be nice , not having to run anymore ? '' 
 he pauses , and for a moment , a note of real , painful tragedy enters his voice . 
 `` we are not supposed to exist , adelina . 
 we were never meant to be . '' 
 we are mistakes . 
 `` now , adelina , '' he says , soft and coaxing . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 i want to-oh , how i want to-in this moment . 
 teren can offer violetta and me such an easy life if i only give him what he wants . 
 the daggers ' plans are ruined anyway , are n't they ? 
 the king has died of his own accord . 
 i have no reason to stay loyal to them anymore . 
 i open my mouth . 
 dante 's words are fresh in my mind , and a surge of bitterness rises in me , eager for release . 
 i could destroy them all right now , with just a few choice words . 
 but the words still do n't come . 
 i am thinking instead of enzo 's gentle expression , of gemma 's quick smile . 
 lucent 's casual friendship , michel 's art lessons . 
 i am thinking of raffaele most of all , with his patience and grace , his kind , calm faithfulness that has earned my trust . 
 if he had been at the court tonight , i might have confided in him . 
 he would have helped me . 
 things could have gone differently if he were there . 
 i have something when i 'm with the daggers , something beyond an unwritten business contract to do what they tell me . 
 some spark of clarity emerges through the net teren 's words have cast over me , a trickle of logic that brings me out of the fog . 
 he says the daggers are using me . 
 but he is using me too . 
 this is the real reason why i can not seem to give him what he wants . 
 it is not so much that i am protecting the daggers . 
 it is that i am tired of being used . 
 teren sighs , then shakes his head . 
 he nods at one of his men . 
 the inquisitor draws his sword and moves toward violetta . 
 i glance at my sister . 
 she realizes i 'm about to make a move . 
 i gather my strength . 
 then i reach out and pull . 
 a sheet of invisibility shoots up around me , mimicking the wall behind me and the floor beneath my feet . 
 i weave the same around my sister . 
 to the naked eye , it seems as if my sister had suddenly been replaced by empty space . 
 for the first time , teren looks surprised . 
 `` you 've improved , '' he snaps . 
 he draws his sword , then shouts at the other inquisitors , `` enough of this . 
 find her . '' 
 they start in my general direction , but i 'm already on the move . 
 i pull again , wrapping each one of them in a vision of nightmares-shrieking demons , their piercing wails the sound of metal ripping against metal , their mouths pulled all the way back . 
 several inquisitors fall to their knees , their hands pressed over their faces and ears . 
 their terror makes me gasp . 
 it feels so good . 
 teren and i reach my sister at the same time . 
 he gropes blindly , grabbing at her arm . 
 he yanks her to him and presses his sword against her throat . 
 `` do n't , '' he shouts to the air . 
 even through his anger , he seems to see something in me that fascinates him . 
 i turn my concentration onto him , then seek out his senses , aiming to drown him in illusions with his men . 
 i hit a wall . 
 i 've never felt this in anyone else before-like a block of ice , something hard and impenetrable that shields his energy from my own . 
 i grit my teeth and push harder , but his own energy pushes back . 
 a smile spreads across his face as he senses me struggling . 
 i 'd witnessed how enzo 's fire barely affected him , and heard enzo talk about how teren can not be injured like a normal person . 
 now , for the first time , i 'm feeling it for myself . 
 `` try that again , and i 'll cut her , '' he says . 
 violetta squeezes her eyes shut . 
 she takes a deep breath . 
 and the strangest thing happens . 
 teren stops cold in the middle of his attack . 
 he shudders . 
 i feel the wall of ice shielding his energy from me crack-then shatter . 
 he lets out a terrible gasp , releases violetta , and falls to his knees . 
 suddenly , just like that , i see his energy threads , his fear and his darkness , the threads that tie to his senses that i can now seek out and twist like i did to the others . 
 what happened ? 
 someone tampered with his abilities . 
 i glance at violetta , stunned . 
 she returns my stricken look . 
 that 's when i know . 
 i know it immediately . 
 my sister is an elite . 
 and she just took away teren 's powers . 
 while my illusion holds , i hurry over to him and yank the key from around his neck . 
 then i rush over to my sister and remove her invisibility for a moment . 
 she 's shaking all over , a sheen of sweat on her delicate brow , and her eyes stay fixed on teren as he crouches on the ground . 
 my trembling fingers attempt to position the key at her iron cuffs . 
 i wince as i force my one crooked finger to work with the others . 
 gods help me , but i 'm so exhausted . 
 i had n't even realized how much of my energy i 'd used , but now i feel it weighing me down . 
 my fear is the only thing that keeps me going . 
 finally , violetta 's chains fall away and she springs to her feet . 
 she swings one of my arms over her shoulder , steadying me , and together we make for the door . 
 i strengthen our invisibility . 
 i pause right before the door , then glance at teren over my shoulder . 
 he grins ; the wall of ice around him is gradually piecing itself back together . 
 `` adelina , '' he exclaims . 
 `` you constantly surprise me . '' 
 he laughs again , the sound of a madman . 
 we stagger out into the corridor as teren shouts for more guards . 
 we climb the steps in silence , our breaths turning into hoarse gasps . 
 my energy weakens-even my own fear is n't enough to keep the illusion going . 
 our invisibility flickers in and out . 
 inquisitors dash past us . 
 i try to save my strength for when they near us . 
 but by the time we 've reached the main level of the tower , we appear as ripples moving against the walls . 
 `` hang on , adelina , '' my sister coaxes . 
 we hurry onto the street and into chaos . 
 shattered glass everywhere . 
 screams in the night . 
 more inquisitors than i 've ever seen in my entire life , swarming the streets and dragging malfettos out of their homes-still in their nightgowns-and into the square , beating them senseless , clamping chains on them . 
 i stumble to a halt in a nearby alley . 
 there , i finally release the last of my energy and slide down the wall into a fetal position . 
 violetta collapses beside me . 
 together , we look on in horror at the scene unfolding before us . 
 one inquisitor runs a sword straight through the body of a young malfetto woman with a streak of gold in her black hair . 
 she lets out a broken shriek-her blood spills onto the cobblestones . 
 cries ring out across the square . 
 the king is dead ! 
 the king is dead ! 
 this is all wrong . 
 i watch as the inquisitors kill other malfettos . 
 i am numb . 
 something has gone terribly wrong . 
 i pull violetta close . 
 `` think of something else , '' i whisper into her ear , feeling her trembling uncontrollably against me . 
 i force myself to take in the terror and evil that swirls around us , letting it strengthen the darkness in me so that i can weave an illusion of calm around my sister . 
 i block out the screams for her . 
 i weave a blanket of darkness around her , shielding her from the sight of the crying malfettos gathered in the square . 
 this must be happening all across estenzia-across kenettra , even . 
 as violetta weeps against my shoulder , i stare at the horrific scene in her stead . 
 how ironic , that i should embrace such evil in order to protect my sister from evil . 
 through my fog of terror , i remember the catacombs under the city . 
 i touch my sister 's face . 
 `` we have to go , '' i say firmly . 
 then i take her hand and begin to lead us away - - until we turn the corner and run straight into dante . 
 he stares down at me , his face swathed in shadows . 
 `` well , '' he growls . 
 `` i knew i 'd find you out here . '' 
 he could feel the storm 's energy in the breeze , as if it were <br/> enough . 
 i twine the glittering threads of energy around myself-there is suddenly so much of it that i feel light-headed from the power , as if i 'd left my body . 
 raffaele once showed me how to create illusions of touch . 
 can i do that now ? 
 i bare my teeth . 
 and i unleash my anger . 
 for a single , terrible moment , i can see every single one of the energy threads connecting dante to myself . 
 from myself to his pain senses . 
 on instinct , i reach out and pull hard . 
 dante suddenly scrambles away from me . 
 his hand leaves my neck-i gasp desperately for air . 
 his eyes bulge . 
 then he drops his weapons and lets out a bloodcurdling scream . 
 the sound sends a flood of excitement through me so intense that i tremble from head to toe . 
 the illusion of touch ; the illusion of pain . 
 oh , i 've wanted to do this for so long . 
 i pull harder , twisting , increasing his belief that he is in agony-that his limbs are being ripped off one by one , that someone is peeling the skin off his back . 
 he collapses to the ground and writhes . 
 scream after scream . 
 at first , all i feel from him is rage . 
 he glares at me with murder in his eyes . 
 `` i 'm going to kill you , '' he spits out amid his pain . 
 `` you 've attacked the wrong elite . '' 
 i harden my expression . 
 no , you have . 
 his rage changes to fear . 
 terror pours from him-it only makes me stronger , and i throw all the extra power back into torturing him . 
 a part of me is horrified at what i 'm doing . 
 but the other part of me , the part that is my father 's daughter , delights in it . 
 i 'm heady with pleasure-it washes over me until i feel like i am a completely different person . 
 i walk closer to where he writhes and look on patiently with a curious tilt of my head . 
 i open my mouth to speak , and my father 's words spill out of me . 
 `` show me what you can do , '' i whisper in dante 's ear . 
 somewhere in the midst of swirling darkness , i catch sight of violetta cowering in the corner , her terrified eyes fixed on me . 
 she has the power to stop me , i realize through my haze of exhilaration . 
 but she 's not . 
 stop ? 
 why should i stop ? 
 this is the boy who told enzo to kill me . 
 he has threatened my life from the moment i joined the daggers-he tried to kill me right now . 
 just like everyone else . 
 i have every right to torture him . 
 he deserves to die at my hands , and i will make sure he feels every last moment of it . 
 all the rage and bitterness i 've held in my heart for everything now reaches a peak . 
 my father 's image replaces dante again , his body bent backward in agony . 
 my smile turns dark and i twist harder , harder , harder . 
 i will destroy you . 
 `` stop , please ! '' 
 at first i think it 's violetta screaming this at me , but then i realize that it 's my father . 
 he has resorted to begging . 
 his heartbeat increases to a violent pace . 
 something inside me screams that this is going too far-i can feel the darkness taking over my senses . 
 my father-dante-gasps . 
 his scream cuts off as his face freezes into a trembling picture of shock . 
 harder . 
 i try in vain to shove it away , to regain control . 
 i ca n't . 
 a real trickle of blood runs from his lips . 
 my heart trembles at the sight . 
 that is n't supposed to happen . 
 i am a conjurer of illusions . 
 can even the illusion of pain eventually trigger something real ? 
 again , i reach out to stop myself . 
 but my father 's ghost only laughs , mingling with the gleeful whispers in my head . 
 keep going , adelina , and no one will ever command you again . 
 i feel something snap in dante 's heart , a breaking of strings . 
 he freezes . 
 his mouth stays open in a silent scream ; his lips are stained red . 
 his fingers twitch , but his eyes are glazed . 
 the darkness in me that took over my mind now vanishes in a rush-i collapse to my knees , suddenly unable to catch my breath , and lean against the wall in exhaustion . 
 i feel like i 've returned to my body . 
 my energy shrinks away into nothingness , just like that-my father 's ghostly presence disappears , and his voice melts into the night . 
 violetta stays where she is , staring in stunned silence at dante 's body . 
 i do the same . 
 the chaos out in the streets rings in my ears like an underwater scream . 
 i wanted to hurt him . 
 to defend myself . 
 to get revenge . 
 to escape . 
 but i did n't just hurt him . 
 i made sure that he will never again lift a finger against me . 
 in my fury , i killed him . 
 baliras are violent when provoked . 
 but be silent and still , <br/> `` wait , '' i gasp out to violetta . 
 before she can reply , i lean forward and heave . 
 what little is in my stomach comes spilling out . 
 i cough and retch until i have nothing left . 
 still , the darkness churns in me , relentless , bringing with it tides of both nausea and comfort . 
 i teeter between revulsion and joy . 
 through my dizziness , i feel violetta wrapping her arm around my shoulder . 
 she steadies me . 
 when i look up , i meet her solemn eyes . 
 `` who was he ? '' 
 she whispers . 
 her question sounds like an accusation . 
 it confuses me . 
 `` who ? '' 
 violetta 's eyes turn stricken . 
 `` you mean , you do n't - '' this must be what it feels like to lose your mind . 
 i shake off her arm and turn my attention back to the streets . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it , '' i snap . 
 i wait for violetta to say something in return , but she stays quiet , and we do n't exchange another word until we near the arches of the fortunata court . 
 by the time we arrive , the city is full of the sound of screams , and the faint dawn is broken by bursts of orange . 
 we pause in an alley to catch our breath . 
 all of my strength has been sapped , and i do n't even try to conjure an illusion to protect us . 
 violetta keeps her eyes turned away from me , her expression stricken . 
 `` get back , '' she suddenly whispers . 
 we shrink into the shadows as inquisitors come running past the main street and into a nearby shop . 
 moments later , they drag a malfetto woman out , throwing her down with such force that she falls onto her hands and knees . 
 she 's sobbing . 
 behind her , white cloaks flutter inside her shop , and the first signs of fire flicker at the windows . 
 we watch in silence , hearts in our throats , as the woman begs them for mercy . 
 one of the inquisitors prepares to strike her . 
 up in the windows of nearby homes , neighbors look on . 
 their faces are pictures of horror . 
 but they stay silent , and do not help . 
 suddenly , the inquisitor who is about to strike the woman tilts backward . 
 as if a curtain of wind swept him off his feet . 
 then he 's yanked , shrieking , high into the air , past the roofline of the buildings . 
 my eye widens . 
 windwalker . 
 the elites are here . 
 the inquisitor hovers in the sky for a moment-and then plummets to the street with a sickening crunch . 
 violetta flinches and turns into my shoulder . 
 at the same time , the flames in the shop vanish without a trace , leaving nothing but black smoke curling from the building . 
 other inquisitors shout in alarm . 
 but wherever the daggers were , they 're already gone . 
 i shrink farther into the shadows , suddenly terrified that they will find me . 
 in the distance , we hear several malfettos in the street call out , `` the young elites ! '' 
 the woman on her knees screams , `` they 're here ! 
 save us ! '' 
 others chant the same . 
 the desperation in their voices raises the hairs on my neck . 
 but nothing else happens . 
 the inquisitors sweep the streets , looking for them , but they are nowhere to be found . 
 `` we have to get out of here , '' i whisper . 
 `` follow me . 
 we 're going underground . '' 
 and with that , violetta and i backtrack out of our alley and flee down a quieter path , away from the carnage . 
 by the time the sun finally rises , we arrive at the streets in front of the fortunata court . 
 i freeze , unwilling to believe what i see . 
 the place , once a crown jewel , is now charred and destroyed , ransacked by inquisitors . 
 blood stains the street at its entrance . 
 the daggers must be gone too-all their plans , their mission to assassinate the king , their safe house , destroyed . 
 in one night . 
 there 's nothing left . 
 when the aristans conquered the salans , they took everything <br/> i struggle up to a better sitting position , then firmly fix my gaze on her . 
 she props herself up on her elbow . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 violetta 's silent for a moment . 
 in her eyes , i see the truth . 
 `` you did know , '' i whisper back . 
 `` when ? 
 how long ? '' 
 violetta hesitates and pulls her knees up to her chin . 
 `` i 've known since we were little . '' 
 i 'm numb . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 `` i found out by accident one day . 
 i did n't think it was real , at first , '' she said , meeting my gaze timidly . 
 `` after all , i had no markings . 
 how could i possibly be a malfetto with demonic '' - she pauses - `` with unusual powers ? '' 
 i try to ignore the buzzing in my ears . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` the day father broke your finger . '' 
 her voice turns quieter . 
 `` do you remember when you pulled away from him ? 
 you wanted to hide behind a dark veil , literally . 
 i could feel it . '' 
 only raffaele can do that . 
 `` you could sense me ? '' 
 violetta nods . 
 `` that day , i knew instinctively that i did n't want you to do something to anger father even more . 
 i knew that if you were to do something extraordinary , he 'd have you killed , or sold , or worse . 
 so i reached out ... '' she pauses for a moment , as if trying to figure out a good way of explaining herself . 
 `` and i pushed back on you . 
 i stopped you . '' 
 in a flash , raffaele 's words come back to me . 
 there is something dark and bitter inside you . 
 is this where all of my terrifying thoughts come from ? 
 do they originate from so many years of pent-up energy , yearning to break free ? 
 it all makes sense now . 
 raffaele wondered why my powers did n't surface earlier in life . 
 they did . 
 i just never knew it , because violetta always suppressed them . 
 she came down with a fever the day after that first incident , i recall . 
 and had n't i used my powers for the first time on the one night that we were separated ? 
 had n't i felt like a mantle was lifted from me when i said my good-byes to violetta ? 
 had n't i used my powers during my execution ? 
 and raffaele . 
 i start to shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 no , there must be something you 're not telling me . 
 we-the daggers-had a messenger , someone who could sense other elites . 
 he never sensed you . 
 how could he have missed you ? '' 
 violetta has no answer to this , of course . 
 i 'm not sure why i expect her to give me one . 
 she only stares back helplessly . 
 raffaele could n't sense her , i suddenly think , because she must have unconsciously suppressed his power too . 
 it is the only explanation . 
 to raffaele , violetta 's power is invisible . 
 `` when did you let me go ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 violetta 's voice sounds hollow now . 
 `` when the inquisition first arrested you , i reached out and pushed your powers away . 
 i did n't want to think about you unleashing on the inquisitors while you were in prison . 
 i thought maybe they would pardon you if they could n't prove that you did anything out of the ordinary . 
 but then i heard about your pending execution-i saw them drag you out to the square . 
 i did n't know what else to do ... so i released your power . 
 and you called on it . '' 
 she lowers her eyes . 
 `` i do n't know what else happened to you after the young elites took you away . '' 
 my heart hammers against my ribs . 
 away from my sister , i learned for the first time how to grasp on to that energy after training with the daggers . 
 suddenly , i reach out for her hand and press it to my heart . 
 `` i want to see you do it , '' i say quietly . 
 violetta hesitates . 
 then she takes a deep breath , closes her eyes , and pushes . 
 i gasp . 
 i feel it this time-as if someone were squeezing the air from my lungs , taking my lifeblood and pushing it down until it is invisible . 
 unreachable . 
 i slump against the wall , dizzy . 
 a strange emptiness hollows my chest . 
 odd . 
 i do n't remember ever feeling this in the past . 
 perhaps it 's impossible to miss something you did n't know existed . 
 now i know , though , and now i feel its absence . 
 i reach out tentatively for my energy , searching for the darkness that pools in my chest . 
 a jolt of panic hits me when i ca n't feel it at all . 
 i look back at my sister . 
 `` give it back , '' i whisper . 
 violetta does as i say . 
 i suck in my breath as the air comes rushing back through me , life and darkness , addictive and sweet , and suddenly i can see the threads of energy again , i can feel the hum through my body and i know where to reach out in order to grasp at the strings . 
 i sigh in relief at the feeling , relishing the pleasure it brings me . 
 i test my powers , forming a small rose before our eyes and spinning it in a slow circle . 
 violetta watches me with wide eyes . 
 her shoulders slump a little more , as if using her power has taken all of her strength . 
 she can suppress an elite 's ability , and then release it again . 
 all this time , my little sister has been sitting on a power that might dominate all others . 
 a thousand possibilities rush through my mind . 
 `` you 're a malfetto , just like me , '' i whisper , staring absently at the rose hovering between us . 
 `` an elite malfetto . '' 
 violetta looks away . 
 she 's ashamed , i realize . 
 `` how could you keep that a secret from me ? '' 
 my voice is raspy with anger . 
 `` how could you let me suffer alone ? '' 
 `` because i was afraid too , '' violetta shoots back . 
 `` i did n't want to encourage you , and i knew how things would go for me if father knew about my powers . 
 you had your ways of protecting yourself . 
 i had mine . '' 
 all of a sudden , i understand my sister better . 
 i always thought of her as the sweet , naive one . 
 but perhaps she wore her sweetness and naivety as a shield . 
 perhaps she always knew exactly what she was doing . 
 unlike me , who pushed people away , she protected herself by making people like her . 
 when people like you , they treat you well . 
 so she stayed quiet at my expense . 
 `` i saw how father treated you , '' she says in a small voice . 
 another pause . 
 `` i was afraid , adelina . 
 father seemed to love me ... so how could i tell him ? 
 sometimes i imagined myself saying , ` father , i am a malfetto . 
 i have powers that do n't belong in this world , because i can give and take away adelina 's powers . ' 
 i was a child , and i was terrified . 
 i did n't want to lose him . 
 so i convinced myself that i was n't like that , that my lack of markings made me better . 
 how could i tell you ? 
 you would have wanted to experiment , and father might 've discovered us both . '' 
 `` you left me to fend for myself , '' i whisper . 
 she ca n't look at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , adelina . '' 
 sorry , always sorry . 
 what in the world can you buy with an apology ? 
 i close my eye and bow my head . 
 darkness swirls inside me , washing at the shores of my consciousness , hungry for release . 
 all those years , i 'd suffered alone , looking on as our father lavished attention on the one daughter he thought was pure and untainted , suffering his tantrums by myself , thinking my sister was unlike me , that she was pristine . 
 and she had let it go on . 
 `` i 'm glad you killed him , '' she adds quietly . 
 there is something hard about her expression now . 
 `` father , i mean . 
 i 'm glad you did it . '' 
 i do n't know what to say to that . 
 i never thought i would hear such a thing from my sister 's lips . 
 it is this that softens the tight knot in my chest . 
 i try to remember that she went to teren to beg for my life . 
 that she risked everything . 
 i try to remember the way she used to braid my hair , the way she 'd sleep in my chambers during a thunderstorm . 
 i can only nod . 
 the sound of commotion in the streets above us breaks through my thoughts . 
 the bells at the inquisition tower are tolling . 
 teren must be getting ready to deliver a speech . 
 we both listen for a while , trying to catch words from aboveground , but we ca n't hear anything properly . 
 only the bells and the sounds of hundreds of muffled footsteps . 
 `` something big is happening , '' i say . 
 then i motion for us to get up . 
 we have to get to higher ground if we want to find out what 's going on . 
 `` this way . '' 
 i lead us farther down the catacomb tunnel , until it branches off into three narrow corridors . 
 i pick the left one . 
 when we 've walked fifteen paces , i stop and search for the small door embedded into the stone . 
 my hand finds the rough gem in the wood . 
 my energy activates it , and the door opens . 
 we make our way up a tiny flight of stairs , until finally we find ourselves emerging through the wall that borders a dark alley at the edge of the main market square . 
 we wander until the alley meets a side street , then peer out from the shadows at where the main square begins . 
 the square is crowded with people . 
 inquisitors line the streets , funneling the people down , and in the canals , gondolas sit idle . 
 no water traffic allowed this morning . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 violetta asks . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i reply as i look from the crowd to the inquisitors . 
 we 'll have to wait-with my powers sapped , we ca n't be out in the open with so many people around and risk being recognized by a guard . 
 i hold my breath as a group of inquisitors march past our narrow street . 
 my back is pressed so hard against the wall that i feel like i can melt into it . 
 they pass by without noticing us . 
 i let out my breath again . 
 i grab violetta 's hand and pull us through the shadows . 
 we make our way forward , slowly and laboriously , through winding streets until we finally reach the space where the main square opens up . 
 here , we crouch in the shadows of a canal bridge entrance and look on as more people file into the square . 
 the space is crowded this morning , as if it were a market day , but the people are all eerily quiet , waiting in fearful anticipation for an announcement from the inquisition tower . 
 my eye wanders up to the rooftops , where statues of the gods line the ledges . 
 they are crowded with inquisitors today , but even now-somehow , hidden behind tile and chimney , the daggers must be waiting in silence . 
 i 'm still weak , but the square 's energy crackles with fear , vibrant and dark , and it feeds me . 
 a faint flicker of movement appears on the inquisition tower 's main balcony . 
 a flash of gold robes flanked by white , the glimmer of a leader walking among his men . 
 i tense . 
 moments later , teren appears . 
 he wears formal robes , a shining coat of white armor under a flowing robe of swirling white and gold patterns . 
 a heavy cloak is pinned over his shoulders and drapes behind him in a long train . 
 the slant of morning light hits the balcony just right-a part of the palace 's intentional design-and illuminates him in brightness . 
 then i notice that he brought a prisoner with him . 
 `` oh , '' i breathe , my heart seizing . 
 two inquisitors appear , dragging between them a boy with long dark hair , his slender frame weighed down with chains , his head tilted high as teren now presses a sword against his throat . 
 the boy 's rich scarlet robes are torn and dirty . 
 his face is solemn , but i recognize him immediately . 
 it 's raffaele . 
 it is my fault he 's here . 
 teren raises his free arm . 
 `` citizens of estenzia , '' he calls out . 
 `` it is with a heavy heart that i deliver this news . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` the king is dead . 
 in his place , her majesty , queen giulietta , will rule . 
 tomorrow evening , the king 's funeral will take place at the estenzia arena . 
 you are required to attend . '' 
 he pauses before continuing . 
 `` there will be changes to how we deal with traitors and abominations . 
 her majesty does not tolerate crimes against the crown . '' 
 if enzo had succeeded , he would have killed his sister , the queen , too . 
 his nobles would have made their move , offering their support . 
 he could be making his move now . 
 but he wo n't . 
 not with raffaele held hostage like this . 
 and i realize , suddenly , that this is why teren , not giulietta , is addressing the crowd . 
 she knows she has to protect herself . 
 the king 's death begins to look more and more clear to me . 
 i look on as teren tightens his grip on raffaele . 
 raffaele winces as the sword digs into the flesh of his neck . 
 `` kneel , '' teren commands him . 
 raffaele does as he 's told . 
 his scarlet robes spill around him in a circle . 
 the energy in my chest lurches painfully . 
 teren nods at the crowd . 
 `` from this day forth , '' he says , `` all malfettos are banned from the city . 
 they will be moved to the city 's outskirts and separated from society . '' 
 the crowd 's silence breaks . 
 gasps . 
 mumbles . 
 then , shouts . 
 violetta and i just look on , our hands joined in fear . 
 what will the inquisition do to them , once they 're banished to the outskirts ? 
 teren raises his voice over the chaos . 
 `` anyone who turns in defiant malfettos to the inquisition will be rewarded with gold . 
 anyone resisting this order , or found sheltering malfettos , will be executed . '' 
 can i reach raffaele ? 
 can any of us ? 
 i study the square . 
 it 's impossible to get close enough without drawing attention , and with teren holding raffaele 's life by the throat , we ca n't afford to slip up . 
 too many inquisitors surround the square for me to get anywhere close , especially in my weakened state . 
 we ca n't save him here . 
 violetta turns her head . 
 a strange , thoughtful expression appears on her face . 
 `` there are other elites out there , '' she whispers . 
 it takes me a moment to remember that her power means she can also do what raffaele does-she can tell when another elite is nearby . 
 i glance abruptly at her . 
 `` aside from teren ? '' 
 she nods . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 violetta concentrates for a moment , counting . 
 finally , she replies , `` four . '' 
 four . 
 the others are here . 
 enzo is watching . 
 teren scans the crowd as his voice continues to ring out across the square . 
 `` malfettos are a scourge upon our population . 
 they are lower than dogs . 
 unworthy . '' 
 teren bends down to grab raffaele by his hair , yanks him back up on his feet , and presses his sword harder against raffaele 's throat . 
 `` people like this are a curse on our country . 
 they are the reason why your lives are miserable . 
 the more malfettos we get rid of , the better off our country will be . 
 the better off you 'll be . '' 
 his voice rises . 
 `` do you see this , reaper ? '' 
 he 's trying to lure us out . 
 the crowd shifts , uneasy and on edge . 
 people look up to the roofs and down the alleys . 
 just as they did at my burning . 
 teren narrows his eyes . 
 `` i know you 're watching . 
 i 've heard that this worthless boy is precious to you . 
 so i will make you a deal . 
 turn yourself in . 
 if you do n't , you will see me gut this boy right here on this balcony . '' 
 enzo wo n't take the bait . 
 we are completely trapped . 
 i look desperately from raffaele to the roofs where i think enzo might be lying in wait , watching . 
 there is no way to save him . 
 none . 
 we are going to watch him die . 
 just as i think it is all over , a shout rises from someone in the crowd . 
 then , another . 
 and up on the roofs , a shadowy figure stands up in front of the entire square . 
 it 's enzo . 
 his face is hidden behind his silver mask , but his words ring out clear and sharp . 
 cold with fury . 
 i look on with my heart in my throat . 
 `` let me make you a deal , lead inquisitor , '' he calls out . 
 `` and let us swear it here , on the gods . 
 i challenge you to a duel . 
 on the morning of the king 's funeral , i shall meet you in open combat in the estenzia arena . 
 i shall fight you alone . '' 
 the crowd has gone completely still . 
 they hang on his every word . 
 inquisitors on the roofs hurry toward enzo , but i know he can disappear in the blink of an eye if any of them get too close . 
 teren must know it too , because he holds up one hand and signals for them to stop . 
 `` if i win , lead inquisitor , '' enzo continues , `` then the inquisition will release the boy you hold hostage . 
 he will be pardoned of any accusations of wrongdoing and allowed to walk free , unharmed . '' 
 there is a long pause . 
 `` if you win , then i will be dead . '' 
 it is going to be a fight to the death . 
 teren and enzo stay facing each other for a long time . 
 neither speaks . 
 finally , a slow smile spreads on teren 's face . 
 he sends a single nod in enzo 's direction . 
 `` very well , reaper . 
 with the gods as our witness , let us duel . '' 
 once upon a time , a prince fell madly in love with a demon from <br/> he would probably sense the lies i 'm weaving around myself . 
 my gaze wanders back to enzo , who stays silent for a long time . 
 he does n't speak for me , but he does n't speak against me either . 
 finally , he straightens in his chair and regards all of us . 
 `` teren is not going to keep his word , '' he says . 
 `` make no mistake . 
 when we duel tomorrow , he will use it as a chance to kill not only me , but the rest of us . 
 he is not going to release raffaele . 
 he knows we will all be in the crowds at the arena , and he wants it to be the last standoff . 
 he wants an all-out battle tomorrow . '' 
 enzo is including me in the plans . 
 i am still one of them . 
 `` what exactly is the plan then , reaper ? '' 
 lucent says . 
 `` the king is dead , and your sister has teren under her thumb . 
 the inquisitors are rounding up every malfetto in sight . 
 how do we take on giulietta ? '' 
 `` giulietta will never show her face at the arena tomorrow , '' enzo replies . 
 `` she 'll be hiding somewhere , protected by her guards . 
 tomorrow morning , our remaining patrons will send their supporters to attack the arena . 
 we 'll rescue raffaele , and i will kill teren . '' 
 his jaw tightens . 
 `` we are going to wage war . '' 
 he glances at me . 
 `` i need your help . '' 
 when we kissed in the courtyard , i say to myself , surrounded by rain and lanterns , did you mean it ? 
 what do you really want with me ? 
 finally , i give him a small nod . 
 beside me , violetta stirs . 
 everyone 's eyes shift to her . 
 when she does n't speak , i do it for her . 
 `` i brought my sister here not just to protect her , '' i say , `` but because she can help us . 
 she has something that can turn the tide . '' 
 michel gives her a skeptical look . 
 `` are you a malfetto ? '' 
 he glances over her , searching in vain for a marking . 
 `` she 's an elite , '' i answer . 
 `` i think she lacks markings because of what she can do . '' 
 my gaze returns to enzo . 
 `` she has the ability to take others ' powers away . '' 
 silence follows . 
 and attention . 
 enzo leans forward in his chair , regards both of us thoughtfully , and then tightens his lips . 
 i know that everyone is thinking the exact same thing . 
 violetta can help us kill teren . 
 `` well , '' he says . 
 `` let 's see what she can do . '' 
 violetta 's fever continues that night , a low burn that leaves her in a strange state of half consciousness . 
 she murmurs for me now and then . 
 i hold her hand until the whispers stop and her breathing evens out . 
 it 's quiet in the university 's temple hall . 
 the others must have all retired to their chambers by now , although i doubt anyone is completely asleep . 
 i want to venture outside , to get away from my sister for a moment and let the cool night air clear my senses . 
 but the daggers have locked us in our chamber . 
 lucent says it 's for my safety , but i can sense the subtle hint of fear lingering behind her words . 
 walls are slowly rising between us . 
 the sound of steel ringing out in the hall catches my attention . 
 i sit up , more alert now . 
 for an instant , i think it might be inquisitors . 
 they 've discovered our hideout here and are coming after us . 
 but the more i listen , the more i realize that the sound is coming from one sword , its lonely sound echoing every few seconds from some distant chamber . 
 i rise from the bed and press my ear to the door . 
 it sounds like swordplay . 
 i listen for a while , until it finally dies down . 
 footsteps approach in the hall outside . 
 i lean away from the door . 
 seconds later , a soft knock sounds out . 
 it takes me a moment to answer . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` it 's me . '' 
 enzo 's voice . 
 i stay quiet , and a moment later i hear the lock click . 
 the door opens a sliver to reveal part of enzo 's face . 
 he returns my stare for a moment before his gaze falls on violetta 's fragile form . 
 `` how is she ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` she just needs rest , '' i reply . 
 `` i 've seen her like this enough times . 
 it seems to happen after she uses her powers . '' 
 `` come with me , '' he says after a moment . 
 then he leaves the door ajar and motions for me to follow him . 
 i hesitate , and for an instant i 'm afraid that this will be the moment when enzo finally gets rid of me once and for all . 
 but he waits patiently , and after a while , i get up and follow him out of the chamber . 
 one look at him sends a warm flush through me . 
 he 's clad in simple clothes tonight , his linen shirt hanging loose over his torso , its undone lacings revealing skin underneath . 
 his hair is untamed and untied , a dark red mane falling slightly past his shoulders . 
 one hand holds a sword . 
 that 's what the ringing sound had been in the hallway . 
 enzo must be practicing for the duel tomorrow . 
 i follow him down the hall with soft steps until we reach the door of his chamber . 
 we enter without a sound . 
 in here , enzo 's figure is barely illuminated by soft candlelight . 
 my heart hammers in my chest . 
 i stand near the door while he wanders over to the tiny desk at his bedside and uses his energy to strengthen the candle 's glow . 
 his loose shirt reveals the skin of his lower neck . 
 the silence sits heavily between us . 
 he gestures to the desk 's chair . 
 `` sit , please . '' 
 then he leans against the edge of his bed . 
 i sit . 
 a long silence passes between us . 
 now that we 're alone , his eyes are gentle-not the hard , dark vision i 'm so accustomed to-the same softness i 'd seen when we kissed in the courtyard . 
 he studies me . 
 there 's a cloud of fear hovering around him tonight , subtle but significant . 
 is he afraid of me ? 
 `` tell me . 
 why did you really run away ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` there was another reason , other than your sister . 
 was n't there ? '' 
 he knows . 
 a sudden fear floods through me . 
 he does n't know about dante-how could he ? 
 he 's digging for something else . 
 slowly , i let myself revisit the night when i covered the floor of my bedchamber with visions of blood , when i scrawled words of fury onto my wall . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 i finally reply . 
 `` what dante said to you in the hallway that night ? 
 about ... getting rid of me ? '' 
 enzo does n't look surprised . 
 he suspected my reason all along . 
 `` you were there in the hall , '' he says . 
 i nod wordlessly . 
 after a while , he clears his throat . 
 `` dante 's opinions were his own . '' 
 then , he adds in a softer tone , `` i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 were . 
 i shiver . 
 suddenly the room seems colder . 
 `` what happened to dante ? '' 
 i say . 
 enzo pauses for a while , considering . 
 then he looks at me again . 
 he tells me how they all scouted the city that night after seeing inquisitors flooding the streets . 
 how they split up . 
 how all of them came back except one . 
 how lucent was the one to discover dante 's body in an alley . 
 the story stirs the whispers in my mind , calling them back to the surface so that for a moment i can barely hear enzo through the hisses of my thoughts . 
 dante deserved it , the whispers say . 
 i murmur my condolences through a fog , and enzo takes it all with a composed face . 
 how long can i keep up this lie ? 
 we fall into a long silence . 
 as the seconds drag by , i sense a new energy coming from enzo , something all too familiar to me but foreign from him . 
 i watch him for a while before i 'm sure of what i 'm feeling . 
 he 's afraid . 
 `` are you ready for tomorrow ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 enzo hesitates . 
 it 's so unlike him to have this aura of fear . 
 it sends an ache through my chest , and i rise from the chair to move closer to him . 
 dante was wrong . 
 i must mean something to him . 
 he must care . 
 enzo watches me drawing near . 
 he does n't move away . 
 when i come to sit beside him , some of his tension seems to ease , and his expression softens , letting me in . 
 `` teren 's father taught me how to fight . '' 
 he says it in a matter-of-fact way . 
 `` i am good . 
 but teren is better . '' 
 i think back to how the two confronted each other before-first at my burning , and then at the spring moons . 
 each time , their clashes lasted for mere seconds . 
 what will happen tomorrow morning , when they face each other in a fight to the death ? 
 `` has he always hated us so much ? '' 
 i murmur . 
 enzo gives me a wry smile . 
 `` no . 
 not always . '' 
 i wait for a moment , and soon enzo begins talking again . 
 he unveils the story of them as children , sparring together , and as i listen , the world around me fades until i feel as if i were standing in the palace courtyard from years ago , looking on as a young prince and a lead inquisitor 's son faced each other on a sunny afternoon . 
 they were very young ; enzo was eight , teren nine , both of them still unmarked . 
 the blood fever had not yet hit estenzia . 
 teren 's eyes were a deeper blue back then , but lit with the same intensity . 
 beside them , the old lead inquisitor looked on and called out instructions as the boys dueled . 
 he was careful not to criticize the crown prince , but his words landed harshly on his own son , hardening him . 
 enzo shouted at the man sometimes , defending teren 's skills . 
 teren would bow to enzo after every match , complimenting him . 
 as i listen , i picture the difference between the two boys . 
 enzo himself must have still fought like a young boy , but teren ... his intensity sounded unlike a child 's , even frightening . 
 `` he struck as if to kill , '' enzo says . 
 `` i liked training with him , because he was so much better than me . 
 but he was not cruel . 
 he was just a boy . '' 
 enzo pauses , and the scene fades . 
 `` years later , the fever swept through , '' he continues . 
 `` we both emerged marked . 
 teren 's father died . 
 after , i would wander into the courtyard and teren would no longer be there , eager for afternoon sparring sessions . 
 instead , he spent his days muttering in the temples , mourning his father , building his self-loathing , taking in the inquisition 's doctrine that malfettos were cursed demons . 
 i do n't think he hated us , not yet , because neither of us knew yet about our powers . 
 but i saw the shift in him , and so did my sister . '' 
 his jaw tightens . 
 `` ever since he became lead inquisitor , he 's hunted elites , as well as those who help elites . '' 
 something in the way he says it sparks a memory . 
 it takes all my strength to ask . 
 `` daphne ? '' 
 i say hesitantly . 
 enzo looks up at me . 
 a hint of something familiar dances in his eyes-and i wish i did n't know what it meant . 
 the pain that comes from him , an emotion of darkness and anger and guilt and grief , glitters in the air as countless threads of energy . 
 `` her name was daphne chouryana , '' he says . 
 `` tamouran girl , as you can tell . 
 she was an apprentice at a local apothecary . '' 
 his words pick away at my heart , piece by piece , reminding me that the things he loved about me might not have been me at all . 
 he must have seen her in my face , in the olive of my skin . 
 he must have seen her every time he looked at me . 
 `` she would sneak illegal herbs and powders from the apothecary to help malfettos hide their markings , '' he goes on . 
 `` dyes that temporarily changed hair color , creams that temporarily erased dark markings on skin . 
 she was a friend to us . 
 when we first discovered dante , still wounded from battle , she nursed him back to health . '' 
 `` you loved her , '' i say gently , sad for his loss and bitter for mine . 
 enzo does n't acknowledge this directly . 
 he does n't need to . 
 `` a malfetto prince is still a prince . 
 i could n't marry her . 
 she was n't from a noble family . 
 it did n't matter , in the end . '' 
 i do n't want to ask the details of what happened to her . 
 instead , i bow my head in respect . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 enzo nods back , accepting my condolence . 
 `` so it may go for all of us . 
 we must move forward . '' 
 he seems weary , and i wonder whether it has to do with thoughts of daphne or grief over teren . 
 perhaps both . 
 in the silence that follows , he leans toward me until we are separated only by inches . 
 the glow in his eyes beckons me . 
 there is a heaviness about them , a dark depth that i might never understand . 
 he touches my chin . 
 his heat flows through me again , and i realize how much i 've missed it right as he bends toward me . 
 `` i know who you are , '' enzo whispers , as if he can sense the thought in my head . 
 do you care for me only because of daphne ? 
 no . 
 he knows me . 
 he cares for me because of who i am . 
 the thought floods me with exhilarating speed , awakening all of my senses . 
 his kisses are gentle this time , one after another , patient and exploring . 
 his hands brush against mine , running up my arms , drawing me in . 
 nothing separates us except the thin fabric of my nightgown and his linen shirt , and when he pulls me into his embrace , his heat sparks against my skin . 
 my alignment to passion roars , sending my energy hurtling through me , desperate to weave its dark threads into enzo 's own , ensnaring him . 
 it makes me dizzy , the same way i felt the night in the alley , the night i am forcing myself not to remember . 
 it is out of control . 
 i ca n't stop it . 
 he pulls away . 
 then he leans his head against mine and sighs . 
 `` stay , '' he whispers . 
 and i know that the aura of fear around him is fear of tomorrow , of what might happen to all of us , that perhaps he can not save raffaele 's life , he can not win against teren , that in the morning he may step out of this place and never return . 
 he is afraid , and it leaves him vulnerable tonight . 
 i try to forget my own fears by putting my hands on his face , then running them down to clasp his neck . 
 after a moment , i nod without a word . 
 he settles down beside me as i curl up on one side of the bed , and then he brushes my silver hair away from my forehead . 
 instinctively , i shrink away when his eyes settle on the broken side of my face , but he does n't react . 
 his fingers trail gently across my scars . 
 they leave a path of warmth in their wake . 
 it soothes me , leaving me drowsy . 
 his eyes close eventually , and his breathing turns even . 
 i find myself sinking into the comfort of early sleep too . 
 i concentrate on the sensation until i feel nothing anymore , until i fall into a restless nightmare of demons , sisters , fathers , and words from a young inquisitor with pale blue eyes . 
 i heard my sisters wailing through the night . 
 they knew <br/> i heard my sisters wailing through the night . 
 they knew <br/> teren stops in the middle of the arena , then holds up his hands to the crowd . 
 `` my fellow citizens ! '' 
 his voice echoes around the central structure . 
 `` it is with a heavy heart that we gather here today , not in celebration , but in mourning of our king 's death . '' 
 not far from him , inquisitors force raffaele to his knees , draw their swords , and press the blades against his neck . 
 `` your queen leads you now , kenettrans . 
 and with this new era , you will witness a historic moment , when our great and glorious nation is cleansed of the demons that have haunted us . 
 that have tried to bring terror down on us . '' 
 beside me , violetta grips my hand tighter . 
 i look down and see that her knuckles have turned white . 
 teren turns in a grand circle , his white cloak trailing , and smiles at the quiet audience . 
 `` reaper ! '' 
 he shouts . 
 `` a deal is a deal . 
 i have your little consort-friend here '' - he pauses to bow tauntingly in raffaele 's direction - `` and we are both waiting for you . 
 come out , demon . '' 
 his smile fades , replaced with a chilling blankness . 
 `` come out , so we can play . '' 
 i hold my breath . 
 for a moment , nothing but silence blankets the crowd . 
 the people shift uneasily , their eyes roaming for a sign of enzo . 
 my attention shifts to the long row of inquisitors lining either side of the stone path over the water . 
 one of the inquisitors near teren breaks from the formation , then walks forward until the two stand barely ten feet apart . 
 some of the inquisitors draw their swords-but most hesitate , thinking that the man is still one of them . 
 i grit my teeth and release the illusion of disguise on the newcomer . 
 a sense of relief glides through me . 
 before everyone 's eyes , the inquisitor gradually transforms from a white-cloaked figure to a tall boy in dark robes , his face hidden behind a silver mask and his hood pulled low over his face . 
 enzo . 
 inquisitors lining the platform draw their swords , but teren holds up a hand . 
 he turns toward where enzo now stands up . 
 the crowd ripples with shouts , and i close my eye , savoring the wave of their fear . 
 my strength builds . 
 the two face each other for a moment , neither speaking . 
 finally , teren tilts his chin up . 
 `` how do i know this is your true self ? '' 
 he shouts . 
 `` is your little illusion worker hiding the other elites here too ? '' 
 behind him , the inquisitors press their swords tighter against raffaele 's throat . 
 `` you know who i am , '' enzo replies in a clear voice . 
 `` why should i believe you ? '' 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 enzo 's tone turns mocking . 
 then , teren reaches up and removes his helmet , revealing his wheat-blond hair . 
 he tosses the helmet away . 
 `` show me who you really are , reaper , '' he calls out , nodding at enzo 's silver mask . 
 `` or your friend dies . '' 
 enzo does n't hesitate . 
 he reaches up and pulls the dark hood of his cloak from his face , exposing his bloodred hair . 
 then he puts his hand on his mask , pulls it away , and unveils his identity to the crowd . 
 he , too , tosses the mask aside . 
 `` a deal is a deal , '' enzo calls back . 
 teren stares at him with a stony face . 
 the crowd looks on . 
 everyone around us is stunned into silence . 
 i sway , dizzy from the building tension . 
 our illusion of disguise shimmers at the edges of my vision . 
 `` it 's the prince ! '' 
 someone shouts from the arena . 
 others take up the cry , and the revelation rips through the audience . 
 even though i can feel the overwhelming fear darkening the people , i can also sense the crackle of excitement , the emotions from malfetto supporters in the crowd and our own patrons ' fighters . 
 through the confusion , teren nods at enzo . 
 `` no one will interfere , '' he shouts . 
 `` i will face you alone , as long as you are bold enough to do the same . '' 
 enzo bows his head once in response . 
 teren is lying . 
 but so are we . 
 this is a battle poised to erupt . 
 `` it 's been a long time , your highness , '' teren says , pointing his sword at enzo . 
 i would have expected his tone to be mocking , but instead he 's serious . 
 not a hint of amusement is in his voice . 
 to my surprise , he bows his head at enzo in genuine respect . 
 `` let 's see if you 've gotten any better . '' 
 enzo pulls long , gleaming daggers from the sheaths on his back . 
 the metal of each weapon turns red , then white hot . 
 fire explodes from enzo 's hands and wraps both of them in a large ring , separating them from everyone else . 
 the audience screams . 
 teren lunges forward . 
 enzo strikes out with his daggers , aiming for the eyes , but teren puts up his shoulder and shields his face-the blow deflects harmlessly off his hard skin . 
 enzo rolls away , hops back to his feet , and whirls on his enemy again . 
 they circle each other in a slow arc . 
 enzo twirls a dagger in one of his gloved hands . 
 `` you seem hesitant this morning , '' teren calls out . 
 he strikes at enzo with unnerving speed . 
 enzo dances out of the way , spins , and lashes out as hard as he can with both daggers . 
 one of them manages to make impact , striking teren somewhere on his side-but it looks as if someone were trying to stab through soft wood . 
 teren grunts , but the instant the blade leaves his side , he grins . 
 `` use your fire , reaper , '' he taunts . 
 `` give me a challenge . '' 
 enzo attacks again . 
 this time , his blades burst into flames , carving streaks of fire in the air as he lunges for teren . 
 he feints left , then twists in midair and slashes out at teren 's face . 
 sure enough , teren jerks his head away from the blow-but enzo moves along with him , twin blades burning , anticipating where he 'll turn , and brings his second dagger viciously up toward teren 's eyes . 
 the inquisitor darts away barely in the nick of time . 
 enzo 's blade scrapes against the side of teren 's cheek , leaving a gash that closes right up . 
 teren smiles . 
 `` better . '' 
 my turn . 
 with a deep breath , i drop the disguises on violetta and myself , then immediately cloak us in invisibility . 
 around us , people gasp in shock-but we are already on the move . 
 i hurry to the small gate at the edge of the row , which leads into the lake 's pathway . 
 we cross over . 
 inquisitors line the pathway , poised to attack if given the command . 
 i carefully make our way forward . 
 `` tell me , '' enzo calls out over the roar of the flames . 
 `` why do you turn your back on others like yourself ? '' 
 teren does n't reply right away . 
 instead , he draws his sword and strikes out at enzo . 
 enzo leaps to the side , but not before the sword 's blade nicks a line in his arm . 
 he conjures a burst of fire that swallows teren whole-but teren does n't show any sign of pain . 
 he steps out of the flames with a wicked smile , his skin crisping , darkening , and then returning to normal . 
 the edges of his cloak fray and burn from the heat , but the clothes in contact with his skin stay untouched , as if behind some shield of protection . 
 `` i never turned my back , '' teren calls out . 
 `` i am the only one willing to help . 
 look at what we 're doing right now , reaper-our powers are curses from the underworld , and we use them to destroy everything we touch . '' 
 `` destruction is a choice . '' 
 enzo raises one hand , calling the flames hotter , brighter , until the fire turns blinding white and engulfs teren entirely . 
 if teren ca n't see , he ca n't attack . 
 enzo hefts a dagger . 
 the fire suddenly vanishes-and in the abrupt absence , enzo flings the dagger at teren 's eyes . 
 teren deflects the dagger with his sword , then catches the dagger in midair and throws it back . 
 enzo ducks to the ground in a graceful sweep . 
 `` i am cursed , just as you are . 
 yet , while you continue to defend those born from the leftovers of the blood fever , i 'm doing what the gods always intended . '' 
 teren 's pale eyes seem to soak in the flames that surround them , shading them a terrifying color . 
 his lips curl into a snarl . 
 enzo pushes against teren 's blade . 
 his muscles bulge under his sleeves . 
 teren is simply too strong-i can see enzo 's strength slowly ebbing away . 
 still , i can hear enzo 's voice ringing out over the melee . 
 `` perhaps you do it because you love your powers , '' he shouts , mocking , `` and you want to be the only one with such a gift . '' 
 teren 's smile vanishes . 
 `` how little you know about me , your highness , '' he replies . 
 `` even after all these years . '' 
 enzo lunges forward and slashes at teren 's eyes . 
 this time , his blade manages to cut the edge of teren 's eyelid before he darts away . 
 when he looks at enzo again , blood smears the film over his left eye , turning the pale iris bright red . 
 teren launches himself at enzo . 
 he sidesteps with him , then plunges a dagger deep into enzo 's shoulder . 
 i gasp . 
 the flames around them falter . 
 he shudders-but still manages to yank himself away . 
 the blade tears out of his shoulder . 
 violetta and i are now so close that i can feel the heat from the fire . 
 we are in position . 
 is everyone else too ? 
 teren 's eyes burn . 
 enzo steps in front of raffaele and turns to face teren again , ready for another attack . 
 blood drips from his shoulder . 
 then-he raises a dagger high in the air and waves it once . 
 our signal . 
 several things happen at once . 
 arrows hit the two inquisitors holding raffaele down . 
 a curtain of wind smashes into the other inquisitors nearest raffaele-it flings them all into the water in a chorus of shrieks . 
 from deep within the lake , two baliras explode from the surface , translucent bodies arcing over the path where violetta and i are crouching . 
 i flatten against the stone . 
 my sister follows . 
 the baliras send tides crashing against the platform , and rain down glittering water across the entire arena . 
 their eyes are black with fury , their calls thundering . 
 one of them flips in midair , its enormous fleshy wings coming down on a line of inquisitors at the end of the stone path . 
 they are swept into the water . 
 another enormous wing sweeps right over our heads , flinging away the inquisitors closest to us . 
 the other balira has a rider on board . 
 gemma . 
 i look on as her creature turns , allowing her to reach down and clasp raffaele 's arm . 
 she pulls him to safety on board the balira 's back . 
 our turn . 
 violetta reaches out with her energy at the same time i reach out with mine . 
 she pulls teren 's powers away from him . 
 out on the platform , teren 's eyes bulge-he stumbles backward a step , then crouches down on one knee as if someone had struck a violent blow . 
 violetta sucks her breath in sharply . 
 she wo n't be able to hold his powers back for long . 
 i drop our invisibility . 
 for the first time , we are exposed in the arena . 
 i focus all my concentration and reach out for enzo 's energy . 
 in a flash , he transforms from himself into an exact copy of teren . 
 the arena bursts into a scene of chaos . 
 all across the stands , patrons and their fighters leap into combat , attacking inquisitors wherever they stand , sending the people into a panic . 
 some of the inquisitors still on the stone pathway in the arena 's center look poised to join the duel between teren and enzo-but with the two now identical , they ca n't seem to tell which one is which . 
 enzo does n't wait . 
 he leaps forward , dagger raised . 
 teren manages to hold up his sword just in time to meet enzo 's blade , but in his sudden weakness , he ca n't deflect it . 
 the two tumble backward onto the ground-teren shrieks as enzo 's blade finally makes contact , white hot and sharp , slicing deep into teren 's shoulder and burning his flesh . 
 enzo 's second blade seeks out his heart . 
 in a rage , teren slashes out at enzo . 
 even now , he still manages to force the prince to dance away . 
 he staggers to his feet . 
 it takes me a moment to realize that he 's laughing . 
 he notices violetta and me crouched at the edge of the platform . 
 he scowls . 
 `` about time you made your move , '' he shouts through the chaos . 
 the words have scarcely left his mouth when i notice that inquisitors , hundreds-thousands-of them , are flooding into the arena . 
 we were ready for him-but he was ready for us too . 
 the people around us leap to their feet , screaming , and scramble for the nearest exit , but inquisitors fence everyone in . 
 it will be a bloodbath in here , whether or not we win . 
 i narrow my eye . 
 the darkness building in me is overwhelming now , feeding on an entire arena 's worth of terror and fury . 
 i reach out , take hold of that energy , find teren , and pull . 
 he freezes in mid-attack , then falls to his knees . 
 he shrieks in pain as i conjure the most agonizing illusion i can muster . 
 enzo engulfs him in flames , then lunges forward , aiming at his eyes . 
 this is it . 
 my heart leaps in anticipation . 
 he 's going to kill teren . 
 something cold pushes violently back against my energy . 
 i gasp . 
 teren 's fighting me . 
 my illusion on him wavers , then breaks . 
 violetta puts a hand on her forehead and stumbles backward . 
 `` i ca n't hold on , '' she says hoarsely to me , before collapsing to her knees . 
 out in the arena , teren sucks in a deep breath of relief as his burned skin starts to heal over . 
 he starts fighting back . 
 the window to fatally injure him is closing . 
 i look at my sister . 
 her eyes roll back , and , exhausted , she faints on the path . 
 my concentration flickers . 
 `` violetta , '' i shout , grabbing her arm . 
 then i glance to where enzo is fighting teren . 
 my illusion over enzo has vanished too , and his dark-robed figure contrasts starkly against teren 's white uniform . 
 `` leave her ! '' 
 when i look up , i see michel standing over us , his eyes wild . 
 he has joined us on the platform . 
 he hoists violetta up against him . 
 `` we 've broken through one of the entrances-i 'll get her out . 
 go ! '' 
 i hesitate for a split second before nodding . 
 then michel spirits her away , and i turn back to the arena . 
 never in my life have i seen so many inquisitors . 
 their figures swarm the stands , clashing with enzo 's fighters . 
 in the chaos , i climb over the short wall separating the seats from the arena 's center , land on the stone path dividing the water , veil myself in invisibility , and rush toward where enzo and teren are fighting . 
 my concentration snaps back into place , fueled by the panic , and enzo again turns into a mirror image of teren . 
 but i 'm getting tired too . 
 my powers are starting to slip out of my control . 
 i stop a short distance from them . 
 then i press my hands together , reach out , and weave a circle of energy threads around teren . 
 i conjure a dozen versions of himself , identical in every way , each of them lunging at the real teren with daggers drawn . 
 the illusion is brief , but it works . 
 teren hesitates for a moment , suddenly unsure of where to look . 
 his enemy is everywhere all at once . 
 enzo-the real enzo-grabs teren around his neck . 
 he tries to stab at his eyes , but teren manages to twist his face away at the last second . 
 enzo 's blade slices across his neck , leaving a deep gash . 
 immediately , it starts to heal . 
 teren lets out a gurgling growl and slams his head backward , forcing enzo off him , then staggers forward and spits blood from his mouth . 
 i ca n't hold the dozen illusions anymore . 
 the figures disappear , once again leaving enzo alone with teren . 
 teren is breathing heavily . 
 even he has his limits . 
 his eyes lock on to me again . 
 i realize that i 'm too tired to hold my own invisibility illusion . 
 `` there you are , '' he says , his voice low and raspy , his chiseled face turned into a frightening snarl . 
 his attention flickers away from enzo as he dashes for me . 
 `` little illusion worker . '' 
 then it happens . 
 teren lunges for me . 
 his sword slashes me deep across my chest , slicing through my robes and into my skin . 
 pain hits me everywhere . 
 i fall . 
 my head hits the ground hard enough to send the world spinning . 
 suddenly , everything slows . 
 i lift my hand and see it stained with my own blood . 
 i try to reach for my energy , but everything moves too slowly , and my thoughts form in disjointed pieces . 
 broken illusions flash around me , my powers gone unsteady and uncontrolled . 
 through it , enzo rushes forward to step between the two of us . 
 i have ... hit my head ... teren rushes at me with his sword . 
 all i see are his pale , furious eyes . 
 a nightmare . 
 i strike blindly out with my illusions . 
 teren 's there , blurred before me . 
 i try to scream at him-but i can not form the thought . 
 my powers spark wildly out of control . 
 teren 's face changes into dante 's , then back again . 
 a memory clicks into place . 
 i suddenly see before me a million glittering threads . 
 i killed him in that dark alley , on the night the king died . 
 i killed with an illusion of extreme pain . 
 i reach down into my chest , find the last of my strength , and pull on teren 's energy . 
 let him feel agony like he 's never known . 
 let him suffer . 
 i put everything i have into this , letting my hatred of him go unchecked . 
 teren lets out a wrenching cry of pain . 
 he falls to his knees . 
 wait . 
 this is n't right . 
 i blink , confused , trying to clear my hazy thoughts . 
 my illusions continue to work on him , wild and uncontrolled and untethered , blind . 
 blind . 
 then i realize-why am i able to affect teren ? 
 he can not be injured . 
 and violetta is n't here to stop him . 
 and that 's when i realize , in horror , that i have attacked enzo instead . 
 enzo was the one who had blurred toward me-he had moved toward me in an attempt to protect me . 
 enzo is the one that i sent staggering to his knees . 
 i yank my powers back instantly , but it is too late . 
 teren-the real teren-seizes the moment . 
 he takes his sword . 
 he plunges it deep into enzo 's chest . 
 it runs all the way through , the bloody point emerging from enzo 's back right between his shoulder blades . 
 no . 
 enzo lets out a terrible gasp . 
 teren 's mouth tightens in triumph . 
 he clutches enzo 's robes in one fist , then yanks him closer , shoving the sword in deeper . 
 i can not move . 
 i can not think . 
 i ca n't even scream . 
 my shaking hand reaches out for him , but i am too weak to do anything else . 
 all my powers-undone in the one moment when they would have mattered the most . 
 i struggle to regain control , but it makes no difference now . 
 enzo trembles on the blade . 
 teren pulls him close and bends toward his ear . 
 somehow , in the midst of the arena 's chaos , the lead inquisitor 's words sound clear . 
 `` i win , '' he says . 
 for a moment , their eyes lock-teren 's , pale , pulsing , mad ; enzo 's , dark , scarlet , dying . 
 then he pulls his blade out . 
 enzo collapses to the ground . 
 i run to his fallen figure , as if this might just be an illusion-but he stays still and unmoving . 
 somewhere , teren 's voice reaches me . 
 `` thank you for your help , '' he says . 
 i put my hands on enzo 's face . 
 his name falls from my lips , hoarse with pain . 
 i had lashed out at him with all of my fury-but was it rage meant for teren , or was it really my internalized anger at enzo , for using me , for leading me on ? 
 maybe there 's still a chance . 
 he fights , with the last of his strength , to return my gaze . 
 what do i see there ? 
 is it betrayal ? 
 i 'm sobbing now-tears fill my vision and spill down my cheek . 
 there is nothing to be done . 
 enzo looks at me . 
 he blinks rapidly as he tries to say something , but blood froths at the edges of his mouth . 
 he coughs . 
 red speckles land on my arm . 
 i look on in disbelief as his eyes meet mine one last time . 
 then his life fades away . 
 just like that . 
 my mind goes blank . 
 the world turns silent . 
 the sky above us flickers , then turns a furious shade of scarlet , a vision of blood , deep and dark . 
 i crouch , my hands ripping at the ground , my emotions unwinding , my energy surging to a level i 've never felt before . 
 my gaze fixes on teren . 
 i hurl myself helplessly against his invincible power , trying desperately to grasp on to him in some way , to hurt him , hurt him , hurt him . 
 but i ca n't . 
 i 'm useless . 
 he could slay me right now , if he wanted to . 
 but he no longer wears his eerie smile or his cold amusement . 
 he looks serious , grave , and thoughtful . 
 `` you do n't belong with them , adelina amouteru , '' he says . 
 `` you belong with me . '' 
 somehow , somewhere-a curtain of wind lifts me up into the air . 
 i struggle against it , wanting to stay in the arena . 
 i want to destroy teren . 
 but i feel lucent 's arms wrap around me , then her pulling me up onto the back of a balira . 
 below us lies the wreckage of the arena , the dead and dying , the smoke and carnage , the white cloaks littered in clusters , the bodies of the dead who had fought for enzo . 
 none of that matters now . 
 the prince is dead . 
 teren santoro teren looks up at the fleeing elites as they spirit away the prince 's body . 
 behind them are inquisitors on the backs of baliras , chasing them down . 
 teren watches a moment longer , picturing enzo 's dead face as they go . 
 the young prince 's face was gray and lifeless , eyes shuttered , heart still . 
 blood stains the ground of the arena 's platform . 
 teren stays quiet . 
 he does not smile . 
 enzo , whom he remembered from childhood , the boy who always defended him in front of his father . 
 what a shame that he was the reaper , all along . 
 it had to be done . 
 dirty malfetto . 
 now the world is a better place , and giulietta can rule . 
 teren 's face remains a portrait carved from stone , but deep in his chest , he feels a twinge of loss . 
 what a shame . 
 trust is when we plummet into the depths of an abyss and <br/> my voice falters here . 
 the retelling leaves my heart so pained that i can barely breathe , and in my sorrow i see a ghost of enzo flickering in and out of the room , his dark eyes turned toward me , his expression haunting . 
 i can feel the suspicion emanating from everyone , their unspoken thought that i am responsible for what had happened . 
 that i am a monster . 
 i am so sorry . 
 so very sorry . 
 perhaps teren had always known that i would do something like this . 
 when i finish , they are quiet . 
 lucent stares at me with an expression both disgusted and frightened . 
 gemma has retreated behind her , and michel looks ready to stop me in case i try to hurt them here . 
 i know what they 're thinking , even though they do n't say it out loud . 
 they want me dead . 
 it would make them all feel much better . 
 a thick , dark anger begins to build inside me . 
 i claw for it . 
 more fog lifts from my mind . 
 i feel sparks of strength growing in me , pushing past the weakness of my blood loss and grief . 
 finally , raffaele speaks . 
 there is a certain reverence the group gives him-with his words , the others quiet immediately , turning to him as if hoping he has the power to set everything right again . 
 his voice is weak , but steady . 
 `` when i first tested you , '' he begins , taking one of my hands , `` you aligned with fear and fury , passion and curiosity . 
 do you remember ? '' 
 he is using his energy on me . 
 i can feel his soothing pull on my heartstrings , the gentle tug that warms me to him , calming me . 
 i find myself leaning into his touch , squeezing his hand harder . 
 that afternoon when we 'd first met does n't seem like so long ago . 
 `` i remember , '' i reply . 
 raffaele goes on . 
 a certain sadness enters his voice . 
 `` your reaction to the nightstone and amber , to darkness , frightened me . 
 it frightened me very much . 
 still , i wanted to believe that , somehow , you would be able to tame it to your will . 
 do you know how powerful you could be , if you mastered these two emotions and learned how to use them both in yourself and in others ? 
 i believed . 
 i thought ... '' he hesitates for a moment . 
 `` i thought your alignment to passion would save you . 
 passion 's energy is bright and warm , just like the color of its gemstone . 
 it is a light in the darkness , a fire in the night . 
 i thought at first it would make you safer , that if you were around those whom you loved , you would be able to use your darkness to your advantage . 
 i thought it would help tame you , and subsequently , that it would help you . '' 
 tears prickle the corner of my eye . 
 i know what path raffaele 's words are going down . 
 raffaele lowers his jewel-toned eyes . 
 `` i was wrong . 
 passion is bright and warm ... but passion has a dark side too . 
 it links with fear . 
 our hearts fill with terror at the thought of harm coming to our loved ones , do n't they ? 
 you can not have love without fear . 
 the two coexist . 
 in you , your alignment with passion instead fed your fear and fury . 
 it made you darker . 
 the more you love someone , the more unsteady your powers become . 
 your growing passion for enzo made you volatile . 
 it led to you losing control over your powers , powers that had grown to dangerous strengths . 
 that , coupled with your anger and bitterness , has made you incredibly unpredictable . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 i whisper through my tears . 
 raffaele continues to pull on my energy , and his gentle touch sends waves of sadness washing over me . 
 he feels guilty , i realize . 
 `` adelina , '' he murmurs . 
 oh . 
 i gasp in sudden pain . 
 i 'm surprised that this is what finally breaks my heart . 
 he has never , ever called me just adelina before , not even when we first met . 
 he is breaking his affectionate ties with me . 
 `` i advised enzo from the very beginning to kill you . 
 he refused . '' 
 i begin to cry . 
 a memory comes to me of my afternoon with raffaele , when we sat together along the golden waters of estenzia 's canals and watched the gondolas go by , when he sang me my mother 's lullaby . 
 dante was right . 
 raffaele , kind , beautiful , sensual raffaele , whom i cared about with all my heart , the only person in the world i thought i could trust entirely , the person i returned to the daggers to help save , had never trusted me in return . 
 kindness with strings attached . 
 he was the last thread suspending me in the light . 
 without him , i can feel myself spiraling downward , falling to a place where i can no longer pull myself back up . 
 `` even you , '' i whisper through my tears . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 i do n't need to ask to know that raffaele must have also suggested that enzo kill the boy who could n't control the rains . 
 in some ways , raffaele had always been the daggers ' leader . 
 `` were we ever friends ? '' 
 i say in a small voice . 
 `` did you ever care about me ? '' 
 raffaele winces . 
 i can tell it pains him to tell me this truth , that even as he yearns to give me some comfort , he holds back and hardens his heart . 
 `` i stand by my advice to him . 
 i trained you slowly because i did n't want you to embrace your full powers . 
 i knew , early on , that it could bring all of us suffering-including you . '' 
 who will ever want you , adelina ? 
 did you honestly think you could escape who you are ? 
 you will never fit in anywhere . 
 my father 's ghost materializes beside me , his breath heavy and cold against my skin , his familiar voice hissing in my ear . 
 no one else reacts to his presence , though . 
 he is an illusion that tortures only me . 
 `` we can fix it , '' i say . 
 my hand clenches harder around raffaele 's . 
 one last , frantic attempt . 
 `` you told me once that there were rumors of an elite who could bring the dead back to life . 
 right ? '' 
 raffaele shakes his head . 
 `` you 're deluding yourself , adelina , '' he says gently , and i know that he is n't talking about the impossibility of bringing enzo back . 
 he 's talking about enzo 's love for me . 
 he cared . 
 he risked his life for me . 
 in desperation , i reach out with my energy and conjure an illusion of emotions around raffaele , trying to convince him that enzo loved me , if even briefly , if even in a moment of weakness-trying to convince him that he cares for me . 
 my words come faster . 
 `` i 'll learn how to rein in my powers-i promise , i can do it next time . 
 just give me one more chance . '' 
 raffaele closes his eyes . 
 i feel him resisting the illusion being woven around him . 
 `` do n't , '' he whispers . 
 `` please , '' i whisper back in a breaking voice . 
 `` you 've always been kind to me . 
 do n't leave me behind , i beg you . 
 i will be lost without you . 
 what will i do ? 
 how will i learn ? '' 
 when raffaele opens his eyes again , they look glossy with unshed tears . 
 he reaches out to smooth hair away from the ruined side of my face . 
 `` you have goodness in your heart , '' he says . 
 `` but your darkness overwhelms it all ; your desire to hurt , destroy , and avenge is more powerful than your desire to love , help , and light the way . 
 i have reached the limits of my knowledge . 
 i do n't know how to train you . '' 
 beauty and pain go hand in hand , my father always said . 
 for an instant , i fantasize about making raffaele feel the pain that he 's giving to me , forcing him to cower before me in agony . 
 how satisfying that would be . 
 my energy swells in anticipation . 
 then i recoil in horror at the spark of joy i felt at such a depraved act . 
 he 's right about me . 
 he 's always been right . 
 raffaele tightens his lips . 
 tears no longer shine in his eyes . 
 maybe i imagined them all along . 
 `` you can stay the night here , '' he says . 
 `` but in the morning , you and your sister need to leave . 
 it is my job to protect the daggers , and i no longer feel that we can be safe with you among us . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he 's casting me out . 
 i 'm no longer one of them . 
 darkness swirls within me , washing at the shores of my consciousness . 
 i see all the times i trained with enzo , how he saved my life and took me in , how we kissed , the glow of his silhouette in the darkness , the way his hair would fall , loose and unruly , over his shoulders , his gentle expression . 
 then i see the stormy night when my father made a deal to sell me , the first time i called on my illusions in the middle of pouring rain , the real reason why enzo chose to save me on my execution day , all the times i was hurt and abused , left behind and abandoned , the iron stake and the fire and the people chanting below , wishing me dead and gone , teren 's pale eyes staring back at me , the daggers , my training , dante 's sneering face , raffaele 's betrayal . 
 the ambition churning in me reaches its peak , displacing my sorrow , fusing with my anger and hate and fear , my passion and curiosity . 
 the whispers that lurk in the back of my mind now claw their way out into the open , their fingers long and bony , gleeful for the freedom i 'm giving them . 
 are the daggers any different from your father , who wanted to sell you to settle his debts ? 
 they hiss at me . 
 from teren , who wanted to use you to get to the daggers ? 
 even the training cavern , hidden underground , was not a far stretch from the inquisition 's dungeons . 
 perhaps i 'd simply switched one dark prison cell for another . 
 no one ever gives me their kindness without hoping for something in exchange . 
 are they any different ? 
 are they all the same ? 
 they all want to use you , use you , use you until they get what they want , and then they will toss you aside . 
 everything raffaele saw in me on my testing day is true . 
 together , my alignments with energy swirl inside me , shifting and powerful . 
 i am shaking . 
 raffaele feels the rising power in me , because a note of fear hovers over him . 
 still , he does n't move . 
 he faces me with grim determination , refusing to back down . 
 do n't . 
 concentrate . 
 control it . 
 the only way to clamp down on my energy is to erase my emotions , and so i fold them each away , one by one . 
 my sorrow turns to anger , then to ice-cold fury . 
 my soul curls in on itself in defense . 
 i am gone . 
 i am truly gone . 
 i am not sorry . 
 `` you have no right to judge me , '' i whisper , looking around at the others . 
 `` you belong to a society that thrives on murder . 
 you 're no better . '' 
 raffaele only returns my look with his level gaze . 
 he nods at the others to leave . 
 lucent starts to protest , then sighs and casts me one last glare before following gemma and michel out the door . 
 raffaele and i are the only ones left in the room . 
 for a moment , however brief , the gentleness on his face fades away to reveal something hard and dark . 
 `` murder is a means to an end , '' he finally says , tilting his head slightly at me . 
 this time , the gesture looks more cunning than flirtatious . 
 `` not an activity of pleasure . '' 
 if you cast me out of the dagger society , then i will form my own . 
 i am tired of losing . 
 i am tired of being used , hurt , and tossed aside . 
 it is my turn to use . 
 my turn to hurt . 
 my turn . 
 `` you 're making a mistake , '' i say . 
 my voice emerges flat and cold . 
 the voice of someone new . 
 `` by not killing me now . '' 
 `` no , '' raffaele replies . 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 he finally stands . 
 his hand separates from mine . 
 he walks toward the door with his signature grace , then stops right before it . 
 `` adelina , '' he says , turning . 
 the look in his eyes threatens to break me . 
 `` i loved him too . '' 
 then he leaves me , and i am truly alone . 
 i pledge myself to the rose society until the end of my days , <br/> i suddenly seize the knife on my table . 
 then i grab a lock of my hair and frantically begin to cut it off . 
 strands glitter across my vision-for a moment , i ca n't tell if they are strands of energy or strands of my hair-and then fall , shining , to the floor . 
 a strange fever seizes me ; my wound twists in protest under my bandages , tearing open again , but i do n't care . 
 i hate everything about my markings , i want them gone , they have brought upon me all of the pain and suffering in my life , they have taken from me everything that matters . 
 in this instant , none of my powers give me joy . 
 i am still alone , broken and small , the butterfly fighting for life in the grass . 
 maybe it will be for the best if teren wins . 
 let him destroy us all . 
 let our markings die out from this world and end our fight . 
 i have to get rid of this marking . 
 again and again i slice away , chopping off locks of my hair and spilling the broken strands all around me . 
 in my frenzy , the blade nips at my fingers and my scalp , leaving cuts as it goes . 
 i sway in my chair , then fall to the floor . 
 red blurs across my vision , mixing with the gray . 
 `` adelina ! '' 
 somewhere in the midst of my frenzy is a small , clear voice . 
 then violetta is here in my room , her smooth hands reaching for mine , her pleas falling on deaf ears . 
 i jerk away from her grasp , jump to my feet , and continue to slash away at my hair . 
 `` let go of me , '' i hiss , tasting salt and water on my lips . 
 someone seizes the blade from my hands , leaving me helpless . 
 in blind fury , i lash out at my sister with my illusions , trying to force her to return the knife to me-but violetta wrenches my power away . 
 the sudden rush of energy leaving my body robs me of my breath . 
 i gasp , then brace myself against my table as my knees crumple . 
 violetta 's arms are around me ; she 's lowering me carefully to the floor . 
 all around us are locks of my hair , painted silver and gray by the moons . 
 violetta pulls me into a tight embrace . 
 i cling desperately to her , terrified . 
 `` i can feel myself losing , '' i whisper , my voice cut by broken sobs . 
 `` the darkness seeps in a little more every day . 
 what have i done ? 
 how can i be like this ? '' 
 `` i can make it stop . 
 i can eventually learn to take it away from you forever . '' 
 her soft words cut through the angry voices poisoning my mind . 
 she hesitates . 
 `` i can save you . '' 
 teren 's exact words come out of my sister 's mouth . 
 i flinch away . 
 `` no , '' i snap . 
 `` give it back . '' 
 violetta 's eyes glow with tears . 
 `` it will destroy you . '' 
 let it . 
 i do n't care . 
 `` give my power back , i beg you . 
 i ca n't live without it . '' 
 violetta studies my face . 
 it is not often that i see our resemblance ... but here , in this pale moonlight , her eyes become mine , my hair becomes hers , and the sadness on her face breaks my heart as surely as mine must break hers . 
 finally , violetta lets go ; my energy comes rushing back to me , giving me life and freedom . 
 i seize the threads and hold them close . 
 this is all i have that is mine . 
 `` just leave me alone , '' i mutter over and over again . 
 `` just leave me alone - '' my words cut off when violetta wraps her arms around me again . 
 `` mi adelinetta , '' she whispers in my ear . 
 `` do you remember how we used to lie in the long grass , counting the stars as they emerged in the evening sky ? '' 
 i nod against her shoulder . 
 `` do you remember how we used to dance in mother 's old bedchamber ? 
 do you remember how we used to hide in the closet and pretend we lived far , far away ? '' 
 her voice starts to tremble . 
 `` do you remember how i sat up with you late into the night , binding your broken finger as best as i could ? 
 do you remember ? '' 
 i nod , biting back my tears . 
 yes . 
 `` you are not alone . '' 
 she tightens her embrace . 
 `` all my life , i have tried to protect you . '' 
 and then i realize that all i ever wanted , kindness with no strings attached , had only ever come from violetta . 
 i do not know why i never saw it . 
 in all this world , only she has done things for me , bad or good , with no thought of her own gain . 
 we are sisters . 
 despite all we 've been through , all that we have held against each other , we are sisters until death comes for us . 
 something breaks inside me , dissipating the ugly whispers that plagued me moments earlier , and the gates holding back my tears break down . 
 i hug violetta fiercely , as if i might die were i to let go . 
 grief envelops me . 
 i begin to weave . 
 i form an illusion all around us , a vision of things that i dream of and things that do n't exist . 
 the room shimmers and then disappears , replaced instead with the sun-drenched gardens of our old family home . 
 my hair and lashes are no longer silver , but dark like my sister 's and mother 's , and my face is unbroken and perfect . 
 violetta giggles at me and tucks a flower behind my ear . 
 our father comes to greet us from inside the house-he is a whole and healthy vision , a fantasy of someone i never knew , with laughter in his voice , the scent of wind and wood on his coat instead of the familiar perfume of wine . 
 beside him is our mother , an amused smile on her lips , a vision of the women we will grow into . 
 i run into their arms . 
 my mother puts her hands on my cheeks and kisses me . 
 my father hugs me and lifts me high in the air . 
 he spins me around in a wide circle . 
 i throw my head back and laugh with him , because i am his daughter and he is my father , and he is not ashamed of me . 
 he loves me wholly , the way it should have been . 
 i hold the vision for as long as i can . 
 i would have held it forever , happy to lose myself in it for the rest of my life . 
 finally , i release the illusion . 
 it slowly fades away around us , the sun and grass replaced with moonlight and wooden floors , my mother and father replaced with violetta , her arms still wrapped tightly around me , her skin warm . 
 i lean against her , weak and exhausted , bleeding , my energy spent . 
 neither of us speaks . 
 tomorrow morning , i will lead us out of estenzia . 
 i will find others like ourselves . 
 i will turn us against teren with such fury that he will beg for forgiveness . 
 tomorrow , i will take on all of these things . 
 i will be unstoppable . 
 but tonight , we stay where we are , holding on , lost in the dark . 
 e p i l o g u e city of hadenbury northern beldain the skylands maeve jacqueline kelly corrigan far north of the island nation of kenettra , on the high skyland plains of the nation of beldain , crown princess maeve dips her hands in holy water in preparation for a prisoner 's execution . 
 she squints up at the clouds covering the sky , then out at the long length of bridge that leads from her and the hadenbury palace gates out into the city . 
 the winds are strong , for a summer day . 
 they whistle against the gates behind her , singing some haunted tune , and the smattering of people who have gathered for the executions huddle closer together on either side of the gates , braving the cold and peering curiously over the heads of soldiers . 
 maeve gathers her furs higher around her neck , bracing herself against the winds in front of the gates , and then turns her attention to the chained man groveling at her feet . 
 tiny ornaments dangling in her hair clink together in the wind . 
 third prisoner today . 
 she sighs . 
 if i 'm going to spend a day killing people , i should at least be on the battlefield . 
 shooting arrows into weak , staggering prisoners is no fun at all . 
 behind her , in a perfect line , stand her six older brothers . 
 at her side , her white beldish tiger sits languidly , staring at the prisoner with lazy golden eyes , her fur long and thick and slashed with gold stripes . 
 they match the fierce lines of gold painted across maeve 's own face . 
 amazing , really , how much a skinny adolescent tiger taken from the forests of the northern skylands can grow in a year . 
 she leans a hand against the hilt of her sword . 
 `` do you have a confession ? '' 
 she says to the prisoner . 
 her voice rings out low , harsh , and grating , just like her mother 's , loud enough for the audience to hear . 
 `` speak , so that i may decide whether you are deserving of a swift death . '' 
 maeve can barely understand the prisoner 's reply through his sobs . 
 he crawls as close to her as he can , until the guards flanking him shove him back . 
 he manages to brush dirty fingers against the edges of her boots . 
 `` your highness , '' he manages to say through his shaking voice . 
 he turns his head up to her , eyes wet and pleading , and wipes at the lines of dirt and blood painting his face . 
 maeve wrinkles her nose in disgust . 
 hard to believe this man was once nobility . 
 `` i have my confession . 
 i-i have shamed this land which holy fortuna has blessed . 
 i do not deserve to live . 
 i-your royal highness , i am your humble - '' `` your confession , sir briadhe , '' she interrupts , her tone bored . 
 she wears her braids high in warrior fashion today , fierce ropes of entwined locks that run along either side of her head , pushing her hair up like the hackles on a wolf 's back . 
 half of her hair is dark blond ; the other half is midnight black . 
 the great goddess fortuna , keeper of beldain , had blessed her with this marking , among other things . 
 the prisoner 's sobbing continues . 
 he confesses through trembling lips , something about adultery and affairs , rage and murder , how he had killed his fleeing wife with a dagger in her back . 
 how he kept stabbing her even after she was dead . 
 the audience murmurs in low voices as he speaks . 
 when he finishes , maeve 's eyes sweep the scene , pondering the appropriate punishment . 
 after a moment , she looks back down at the prisoner . 
 `` sir briadhe , '' she says . 
 she pulls the heavy crossbow from her back . 
 `` i will make you a deal . '' 
 the man glances up at her , a sudden rush of hope lighting his eyes . 
 `` a deal ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 look behind you . 
 do you see this long bridge that we stand on ? 
 how it leads beyond the palace grounds and into the city ? '' 
 maeve nods off into the distance as she starts to notch an arrow to her crossbow . 
 `` make it to the end of the bridge before i count to ten , and i will strip you of your title and let you live in exile . '' 
 the prisoner gasps . 
 then he crawls to maeve again and starts to kiss her boots . 
 `` i will , '' he says in a rush . 
 `` i will , thank you , princess , thank you , your highness . '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 maeve says as the man 's guards haul him up onto his feet . 
 she tightens her grip on the crossbow . 
 the guards step aside , leaving the man to sway on his own . 
 `` you had better get going . '' 
 she hefts the crossbow to her shoulder and begins to count . 
 `` one . 
 two . '' 
 the prisoner panics . 
 he whirls around , picks up his chains , and starts to run as quickly as he can . 
 he stumbles over his chains in his haste , but manages to catch himself in time . 
 the crowd starts to chant , then shout . 
 maeve squints down the line of her crossbow . 
 she continues to count . 
 `` seven . 
 eight . 
 nine . '' 
 the prisoner is too slow . 
 maeve lets her arrow fly . 
 equal crime , her mother always said , equal punishment . 
 it hits him squarely in his calf . 
 he screams , then collapses in a heap . 
 frantically he pushes himself back onto his feet , then staggers onward . 
 maeve calmly notches another arrow , then lifts it and shoots again . 
 this time , she aims for his other leg . 
 it strikes true . 
 the man falls hard . 
 his sobbing pierces the air . 
 the crowds cheer . 
 the prisoner is a few yards from the last post-he starts to drag himself on his elbows . 
 prisoners are always so damn desperate when they stare death in the face . 
 maeve watches him crawl for a moment . 
 then she kneels down to her tiger . 
 `` go , '' she commands . 
 the tiger pounces from her side . 
 moments later , the prisoner 's wails change into high-pitched screams . 
 maeve looks on as the audience cheers . 
 the sight brings her no joy . 
 she holds up her hands for silence , and the shouts cut off sharply . 
 `` this is no occasion for applause , '' she calls out in disapproval . 
 `` the queen does not tolerate cold-blooded murder in the great nation of beldain . 
 let this be a lesson to you all . '' 
 one of her brothers straightens from his casual stance and taps her on her shoulder . 
 augustine . 
 he hands her a parchment . 
 `` news from estenzia , little jac , '' he says over the noise . 
 `` the dove arrived this morning . '' 
 the nickname lifts maeve 's heart for an instant . 
 it always reminded her of her childhood with her band of brothers , trailing after them in her furs and dresses , mimicking their swagger and hunting stances . 
 then her heart tenses . 
 lately , augustine has only called her little jac when troubling news arrived , like when their mother first fell ill . 
 maeve reads the letter in silence . 
 it 's from lucent , and addressed not to the palace but directly to maeve herself . 
 she stays quiet for a long moment . 
 then she sighs in frustration . 
 `` kenettra has a new ruler , it seems , '' she finally replies . 
 she clicks her tongue in disapproval , then whistles for her tiger to return . 
 her brother leans closer . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` the king was assassinated , '' maeve replies . 
 `` not by the crown prince , but by kenettra 's lead inquisitor . 
 and the prince is dead . '' 
 augustine leans back and rests his hand on his sword 's hilt . 
 `` that changes our plans , does n't it ? '' 
 maeve nods without answering , her lips tight . 
 she had hoped that being one of the daggers ' biggest patrons would mean that after enzo took the throne , he would carry out his promise of reigniting trade between kenettra and beldain . 
 if i 'm to gradually win control of kenettra , i 'd rather do it without sacrificing thousands of soldiers . 
 besides , she preferred to see someone who supported malfettos on the island nation 's throne . 
 but now the crown prince is dead . 
 `` it 's a complication , '' she finally says . 
 `` still , perhaps it will be easier this way . '' 
 `` and what 's this mention of a white wolf ? '' 
 `` some new elite , '' maeve mutters , distracted , as she rereads the letter . 
 killing off fortuna 's chosen ones ? 
 those kenettrans get more barbaric every year . 
 she turns around and hands the parchment back to her brother . 
 `` give this to the queen . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` and gather the others , '' she adds . 
 time to call her elites into action . 
 `` if we still want to make a move , we 'll need to do it soon . '' 
 augustine folds his arms across his chest and smiles . 
 `` with pleasure , your highness . '' 
 maeve watches him go . 
 lucent . 
 she misses lucent desperately , their intimate conversations and their friendly duels and their wild forest adventures . 
 lucent would track the deer ; maeve would deliver the killing shots . 
 lucent would scowl ; maeve would tease . 
 lucent would kneel to pledge her loyalty to the crown ; maeve would help her to her feet . 
 lucent would shy away from her kisses ; maeve would pull her back . 
 lucent fled to kenettra after the queen banished her ; maeve grew quiet and cold in her absence . 
 as the guards clean up after the execution , maeve heads back into the hadenbury palace . 
 her brothers continue on to their mother 's bedchamber , their voices excited as they talk about the news , but maeve takes a different route that steers her away from the palace 's apartments , out across the courtyards , and toward a small , separate manor . 
 her mother married two husbands and birthed seven sons before finally getting a daughter . 
 maeve has waited her whole life to step into her birthright ... but becoming the queen of beldain means that her mother will first have to pass away . 
 she winces at the thought . 
 still , she chooses to avoid visiting the dying queen with her brothers . 
 maeve was not in the mood for another lecture on choosing a husband so she could start birthing an heir . 
 two soldiers standing guard at the manor house bow low to her . 
 they escort her up the familiar halls until they finally reach a quiet floor . 
 here , maeve takes the lead while the nervous guards stay several feet behind her . 
 she approaches a narrow door with iron bars stretching across its wood , then pulls out a key strung around her neck . 
 on the other side of the door , she hears someone stir . 
 the keepers back away . 
 even her pet tiger refuses to get closer . 
 the lock clicks open . 
 maeve pushes aside the iron gratings and swings the door open with a faint screech . 
 she enters alone , closing the door securely behind her . 
 the room is dark ; shafts of blue light beam in from between the windows ' iron gratings . 
 in the chamber 's bed , a figure stirs at her entrance and sits upright . 
 he looks tall and thin , his hair rumpled . 
 her youngest brother . 
 `` it 's me , '' maeve calls out gently . 
 the young man in bed squints sleepily at her . 
 in the light , his eyes shine like two glowing disks , the color not quite of this world . 
 he does n't reply . 
 maeve stops a few feet before the end of the bed . 
 they stare at each other . 
 she knows that if she opened his chamber door and gave a command , his eyes would turn black and he could very well kill everyone in the palace yard . 
 but she does n't , and so he remains quiet . 
 `` sleep well , tristan ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` well enough , '' the young man finally replies . 
 `` do you know what i heard today ? 
 kenettra has a new ruler , and the country 's young elites are at war . '' 
 `` tragic , '' tristan replies . 
 somehow , over the last few months , his conversations had finally faded away into brief sentences . 
 every day , the light in his eyes grew more distant . 
 she swallows , trying to ignore the way his silence twists her heart . 
 they were only a year apart , she and tristan , and he used to be so talkative , to the point where she 'd shout at him to leave her alone . 
 they spent such long days in the forest with lucent . 
 she closes her eyes and thinks back five years . 
 the accident . 
 tristan 's death . 
 lucent 's banishment . 
 maeve 's discovery . 
 she still remembers how she visited the underworld in her nightmares , shortly after tristan was killed . 
 she 'd had dreams of the realm of the dead before , but that night 's was different . 
 she was there , physically there , swimming through the dark waters in an attempt to find her brother . 
 she 'd found him . 
 and she pulled him back to the surface . 
 a miracle , a power from the gods . 
 magic , people would call it now , the gift of the young elites . 
 but she never told anyone what she did-everyone simply assumed that tristan had never truly died in the first place . 
 she kept her power a secret , even to her mother , even in her rare letters to lucent . 
 only her society of elites knew . 
 if word got out , the palace gates would swarm with people from all over the world , begging her to revive their loved ones . 
 better to keep a low profile . 
 for the first few years after he returned , tristan was himself again . 
 alive . 
 normal . 
 then , slowly , he began to change . 
 maeve smiles sadly at her brother 's silence , then touches his cheek . 
 she can feel his strength even now , a strange , unnatural power coursing through his body that she alone , who chose to bring him back , has the power to unleash on the enemy of her choice . 
 `` come , '' she says . 
 `` i need to pay kenettra a visit . '' 
