 i 'm twelve years old . 
 i live in the republic of america . 
 my name is day . 
 my name used to be daniel altan wing , younger brother to john , older brother to eden , son to a mom and dad who lived in los angeles 's slum sectors . 
 when you 've been poor all your life , you never really think it could be any other way . 
 and sometimes you 're even happy , because at least you 've got your family and your health and your arms and legs and a roof over your head . 
 but now i 'm without most of those things . 
 my mother and brothers think i 'm dead . 
 i have an injured knee that might never heal . 
 i live on the streets of lake sector , a slum sitting along the shore of los angeles 's giant lake , and every day i manage to do just enough to survive . 
 but things could always be worse , yeah ? 
 at least i 'm alive ; at least my mom and brothers are alive . 
 there 's still hope . 
 this morning i 'm perched on the balcony of a three-story , torn-up apartment complex that has all its windows boarded up . 
 my bad leg dangles over the edge while i lean casually on my good one . 
 my eyes are fixed on one of the piers lining the lakeshore , its waters glittering through the haze of morning smog . 
 all around me , jumbotrons on the sides of buildings broadcast the latest republic news above the steady , never-ending stream of lake sector 's factory workers . 
 several streets over , i can see a crowd of boys and girls heading off to the local high school . 
 they seem like they 're around my age-if i had n't failed my trial , i 'd probably be walking with them . 
 i look up and squint at the sun . 
 pledge is about to start any second . 
 i hate that goddy pledge . 
 the newsreel running on the jumbotrons pauses for a second , and then a familiar voice rings out across the city from every building 's speakers . 
 along the streets , people stop whatever they 're doing , turn to face the direction of the capital , and then raise their arms in salutes . 
 they chant along with the speaker 's voice . 
 i pledge allegiance to the flag of the great republic of america , to our elector primo , to our glorious states , to unity against the colonies , to our impending victory ! 
 when i was really little , i 'd say this pledge like everyone else , and for a while i even thought it was pretty cool , declaring my undying love for our country or whatever . 
 now i just stay silent throughout the whole thing , even though all the people on the streets recite the lines obediently . 
 why bother playing along to something i do n't believe in ? 
 it 's not like anyone can see me up here , anyway . 
 when it 's over and the streets ' bustle returns , the jumbotrons switch in sync back to a newsreel . 
 i read the headlines as they roll : twelve-year-old trial prodigy june iparis becomes youngest student ever admitted to drake university , to be officially inducted next week . 
 `` ugh , '' i snort in disgust . 
 no doubt that girl 's some goddy rich trot living the sweet life farther inland , in one of la 's upper-class sectors . 
 who cares what she scored on her trial ? 
 the whole test is rigged in favor of the wealthy kids , anyway , and she 's probably just someone with average smarts who bought her high score . 
 i turn away as the headline goes on , listing the girl 's gaggle of achievements . 
 the whole thing gives me a headache . 
 my attention wanders back to the pier . 
 one of the boats has workers bustling along its deck . 
 they 're unloading a bunch of crates that probably have canned food inside , stacks of beef hash and potatoes and spaghetti , sausage and pygmy pig hot dogs . 
 my stomach rumbles . 
 first things first : stealing breakfast . 
 i have n't eaten in almost two days , and the sight of the crates makes me light-headed . 
 i inch along the side of the apartment complex , careful to stay inside the building 's early-morning shadows . 
 a few street police are patrolling the pier , but most of them look bored , already exhausted by the day 's humid heat . 
 they usually do n't pay attention to the street orphans that sit on practically every corner of the lake sector , and on a good day , they 're too lazy to catch all the ones that attempt to steal food . 
 i reach the edge of the building . 
 a drainage pipe runs along the side , shakily bolted to the wall . 
 still , it seems strong enough to support my weight . 
 i test it first by tentatively putting one foot against it and giving it a good push . 
 when it does n't budge , i grab the pipe and slide all the way down into the building 's narrow alley . 
 my bad leg hits the pavement wrong-i lose my balance , then fall backward onto the ground . 
 one of these days , this stupid knee will get better . 
 i hope . 
 and then i 'll finally get to shimmy up and down these buildings the way i want to . 
 it 's a warm day . 
 the smells of smoke , street food , grease , and ocean salt linger in the air . 
 i can feel the heat of the pavement through my threadbare shoes . 
 hardly anyone notices me as i limp toward the pier-i 'm just another slum sector boy , after all-but then a girl heading off to school meets my gaze . 
 she blushes when i look back , then quickly glances away . 
 i pause at the water 's edge to adjust the cap on my head , making sure all my hair is tucked underneath it . 
 the orange and gold light reflecting off the water makes me squint . 
 out along the pier , workers are stacking the food crates right next to a little office where an inspector is typing up notes about the shipment . 
 now and then he looks away and talks into an earpiece . 
 i stay where i am for a while , watching the pattern of the workers and the inspector . 
 then i glance down the street that runs along the shore . 
 no street police in sight . 
 perfect . 
 when i 'm sure no one 's looking , i hop down the edge of the bank and limp into the shadows beneath the pier . 
 beams crisscross the pier 's underbelly , supporting it as it juts out into the water . 
 i grab some rocks from the mud near the water and shove them into my pockets . 
 then i pull myself up into the maze of beams and start climbing through them toward the crates . 
 salt water sprays me . 
 the sound of waves lapping against the pier mixes with the voices above . 
 `` you hear about that girl too , yeah ? '' 
 `` what girl ? '' 
 `` you know . 
 the girl , the one that got into drake at , what , twelve - '' `` oh yeah , that one . 
 she must have parents with a deep wallet . 
 hey , where 'd you get sent to again ? '' 
 some laughter . 
 `` shut up . 
 at least i got some schooling . '' 
 the waves drown out their conversation again . 
 several muffled thuds sound out from the planks over my head . 
 they must be stacking crates here . 
 i 've reached the spot right under the little office and the shipment of goods . 
 i pause to readjust my footing . 
 then i climb up several beams , grab the edge of the pier 's walkway , pull myself up , and peek around . 
 the office is right over my head . 
 the inspector stands on its far side , his back turned to me . 
 i scramble quietly up onto the walkway and huddle in the shadows of the office 's wall . 
 the rocks in my pocket clack against each other . 
 i take one of them out while keeping my eyes turned toward the workers . 
 then i fling the rock toward the boat as hard as i can . 
 it hits the side of the boat with a loud thud , loud enough to get the attention of the boat workers . 
 several of them turn toward the sound-others head over to it . 
 i take the chance and dart out from my hiding place , then make for the stack of crates . 
 i manage to skid right behind it before anyone catches sight of me . 
 my heart thuds frantically in my chest . 
 every time i steal republic supplies , i imagine myself getting captured and dragged off to the local police headquarters . 
 getting my legs snapped , like what happened to dad . 
 or maybe i would n't get taken to the headquarters at all . 
 maybe they 'd just shoot me dead right on the spot . 
 i ca n't make up my mind which would be worse . 
 time 's running out . 
 i pull my pocketknife from where it 's tucked neatly against my shoe , and then jam it into the side of one of the wooden crates until it breaks through . 
 i hack away in silence , careful to keep an eye on which direction the guards are looking . 
 most of them have wandered away by now , thankfully . 
 only two still remain , and even they stand a good distance away from the crates , lost in mindless chatter . 
 this shipment 's definitely stuffed with canned goodies . 
 my mouth waters as i fantasize again about what i might find inside . 
 hot dogs and sardines . 
 meats of all kinds . 
 corn , pickled eggs , beans . 
 maybe even peaches or pear slices . 
 i 'd once managed to steal a fresh peach , and it was the best thing i 'd ever eaten in my life . 
 my stomach lets out a loud rumble . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i jump . 
 my eyes dart up to see a teenage girl leaning against the crates , chewing on a toothpick and watching me work with an amused grin on her face . 
 all my food fantasies vanish . 
 instantly i yank my knife out of the crate and make a run for it . 
 the other men on the pier see me , shout something , and give chase . 
 i run as fast as i can down the pier . 
 my bad knee burns from the sudden movement , but i ignore it . 
 bad knee wo n't matter if i 'm dead . 
 i brace myself , waiting for the searing agony of a bullet in my back . 
 `` charlie ! '' 
 one of them yells . 
 `` get that little con ! '' 
 the girl replies with something i ca n't hear . 
 i stumble through a pair of bewildered port workers , reach the pier 's end and the beginning of lake 's streets , and run toward the closest alley i can see . 
 behind me , i can still hear the sounds of my pursuers . 
 stupid , so stupid . 
 i should 've been quieter , or waited until nightfall . 
 but i 'm so hungry . 
 now i just hope i can lose them in the maze of lake 's alleys . 
 my cap flips off my head , but i 'm too scared to stop and go get it . 
 my white-blond hair tumbles down past my shoulders in a wild mess . 
 someone tackles me from behind . 
 i squirm right out of his grasp , then try to make a leap for the wall and get a grip on the second-floor ledge . 
 but my bad knee-already weak from my hurried escape-finally gives way , and i collapse to the ground in the shadows of the alley . 
 all the breath in my lungs gets knocked out in one whoosh , but i still twist around and bare my teeth , ready to sink them into whoever 's grabbing me . 
 `` hey , chill out ! '' 
 it 's the girl who had first spotted me . 
 she has a nonthreatening face , but she pins me firmly to the ground . 
 `` it 's just me . 
 i told my dad 's crew that i 'd track you down . 
 they 're all still back at the pier . '' 
 i keep struggling . 
 `` look , we could do this all day . '' 
 the girl tilts her head at me and gives me a frown . 
 i keep expecting her to slide a knife against my throat . 
 but she does n't . 
 after a few long seconds , i calm down . 
 she nods at me when i do . 
 `` what were you trying to steal from my father 's shipment ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` just some food , '' i reply . 
 i 'm still having trouble catching my breath , and the pain in my knee is n't helping any . 
 `` i have n't eaten in two days . '' 
 `` you from the lake sector , cousin ? '' 
 i give her a smile . 
 i hope she ca n't see how nervous i am . 
 `` as much as you , '' i say , noting her slang . 
 `` you 're probably even from the same neighborhood as me . '' 
 she studies me for a moment . 
 now that i finally get a good look at her , i can see that she 's kind of pretty , with brown skin and frizzy black hair pulled back into two haphazard braids . 
 she has a light smattering of freckles on her nose , and her eyes are golden brown . 
 her eyebrows look permanently set at an amused angle . 
 she 's probably somewhere in her mid or late teens , although she looks small . 
 a grin spreads on her face as she notices the way i 'm checking her out . 
 she carefully lets me sit up , but she does n't release my arm . 
 `` you gon na let me go anytime soon ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` or are you gon na drag me back to your dad and his pals ? '' 
 `` that depends . '' 
 she clicks her tongue against the inside of her cheek in an unconscious gesture . 
 `` you were out to steal food from our shipment . 
 if you 'd succeeded , my father would have to explain to republic port authorities why he did n't meet quota . 
 you think we like paying extra fines ? 
 or getting arrested ? '' 
 `` well , i 'm sorry . 
 you think i like going hungry ? '' 
 the girl laughs at me . 
 `` listen to you , tough boy . 
 you 're so adorable , i could pinch your cheek right off . '' 
 i blush at her taunt , but i do n't want to give her the satisfaction of knowing she got to me . 
 so i glare at her without blinking . 
 she stops laughing , chews thoughtfully on her toothpick , and then says , `` so what if you 're hungry ? 
 what if i just drag you back to my dad right now ? 
 i could tell them to toss you into the lake . 
 or i could tell them to take you to the police station . 
 my dad 's crew loves me . 
 they 'll probably agree to whatever i tell them . '' 
 i swallow hard at the thought , then put on a brave face . 
 `` oh , come on , cousin . '' 
 i hold my palms up to her and give her as innocent of a look as i can . 
 `` you 're really gon na do that to a starving street boy ? 
 just pretend i escaped . 
 i wo n't come back , i promise . 
 you can even take my pocketknife , if you want something in return . 
 it 's all i got . '' 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 `` almost thirteen . '' 
 `` aw , you 're just a baby . '' 
 she grins at me , and then hesitates for a good minute . 
 `` look . 
 i know how you feel , '' she finally says , `` and believe me , there 's nothing worse than the pain of an empty stomach . '' 
 `` you still thinking about turning me in , then ? '' 
 i let my hopes rise . 
 `` anything i can do for you to keep myself out of a republic jail ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what are you willing to do ? '' 
 she replies . 
 i give her a practiced smile . 
 `` whatever you want me to do , sweetheart . '' 
 the girl 's eyebrows lift in surprise-then she throws her head back and laughs . 
 i ca n't decide if i 'm flattered or insulted . 
 i thought i sounded pretty cool . 
 another moment passes before the girl finally calms down , stands up , and hauls me to my feet . 
 now that we 're both up , i can tell that she 's only a few inches taller and just as lean . 
 she nods in the direction of the pier . 
 `` tell you what . 
 you 're going to work for my dad for three days , and in exchange , i 'll give you three cans of food . 
 you can pick any three cans-no fruits , though . '' 
 she shakes her head when she sees my disappointment . 
 `` sorry . 
 three days of work wo n't earn anyone a can of fruit . '' 
 working in one spot for three days . 
 the thought makes me a little anxious-i do n't like staying anywhere for that long . 
 there are republic eyes all over the place . 
 but i do n't really have a choice , and it 's about as good of an offer as i 'll get . 
 i give the girl a hesitant nod . 
 `` all right . 
 fine . 
 you got yourself a deal . '' 
 i reach my free hand out to shake hers . 
 she does n't take it . 
 instead , she tilts her head a little , spits out her toothpick , and grins at me . 
 `` i 'm not finished , '' she says . 
 my hand wavers . 
 `` what else do you want ? '' 
 `` you 're a bold one in front of ladies , are n't you ? 
 ever kiss a girl before ? '' 
 kiss a girl ? 
 what does that have to do with anything ? 
 for all my flirting , i 've never gotten that close . 
 well , i 've kissed a couple of girls on the cheek , and vice versa-but right on the lips ? 
 i was trying to work my way up to that . 
 my eyes wander to her mouth , now dark and smiling , and i feel my face growing even hotter than it already was . 
 `` i 'll take that as a no . '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` well , give it a shot , kid . 
 let 's see if you can back up your smooth talk . '' 
 when i still do n't make a move , the girl leans toward me , closes her eyes , and presses her lips against mine . 
 i stiffen . 
 they 're much softer than i expected-i do n't know what i expected , actually . 
 of course they would be soft . 
 a tingly feeling shoots down my spine . 
 what should i do ? 
 should i move ? 
 eyes open or closed ? 
 for a while , i just stay completely still and keep my lips frozen . 
 maybe i 'm supposed to follow her lead . 
 so i try that instead . 
 gradually , i start kissing her back . 
 it does n't seem so hard after a while ... i even relax into it , letting my mind wrap around the fact that i 'm lip-locked with an older girl . 
 my hands are numb . 
 i ca n't feel my legs . 
 she pulls away . 
 although she does n't take her hand off my arm , her grip is less ironclad . 
 i 'm still trying to catch my breath . 
 `` not too bad for your first try , '' she says cheerfully . 
 her nose brushes against mine . 
 `` are you trembling ? '' 
 i cringe . 
 i 'd hoped she would n't notice . 
 to my relief , she laughs before i can say anything embarrassing . 
 `` boy , you are just cute as a goddy button . '' 
 she taps my nose and leans away from me . 
 `` all right , we got a deal . 
 back to the pier . 
 if you behave yourself the whole time , i might even give you another kiss . '' 
 for the next three days , i work alongside her on her father 's republic-assigned boat . 
 her name is charlie , i learn , and she just turned sixteen . 
 she tells me about her life working the piers as we load and unload shipments from dawn until dusk . 
 her mother had died a few years ago in a factory accident . 
 she has a sister who actually got a trial score high enough to get her assigned to a college . 
 she loves the lake area , even if it means she smells like the ocean all the time . 
 she 's happy that the republic at least assigned her to work the piers with her father , instead of sending her off to the warfront to clean up after the troops . 
 i do n't bother telling her that that 's what my father does-did , i mean-before he stopped coming home . 
 my hands get splinters from dragging crates back and forth , and by the second day , my back feels like it 's going to break into pieces . 
 charlie 's dad-an enormous , bearded , pale-skinned man-ignores me completely , although sometimes he 'll nod in approval if i 'm working really hard . 
 i like the job . 
 the girl gives me two cans a day instead of just one , which means every day i get to eat a can as well as save one for future meals . 
 i also get a chance to stash trinkets that might be useful later on-sharp splinters of wood i could use as weapons , a couple of abandoned burlap sacks , a round tin good for carrying water . 
 charlie catches me as i walk along the pier , snatching up stray nails and stuffing them in my pockets . 
 `` what are you doing , preparing for battle ? '' 
 she asks with a grin . 
 i shrug . 
 `` i have n't survived this long without some self-defense . '' 
 charlie laughs , but she lets me carry on . 
 in the evenings she sits with me while her father 's crew gathers farther down the pier . 
 i watch , with a little jealousy , the way she flirts with the workers whenever her dad 's not around . 
 she was right about one thing-she 's their darling , and if she ever told them to throw me overboard , they 'd probably do it without hesitating . 
 slowly i grow used to the sound of the lake lapping against cement pillars and the unusual comfort of sleeping out in the open , knowing that in the morning i 'd have a can of food waiting for me . 
 what a luxury . 
 sometimes i 'll glance over at charlie when she 's not looking , and i 'll try to replay our kiss in my head . 
 i wonder if it meant anything to her . 
 and whether or not she was serious about giving me another . 
 on our last night together , charlie leans back and regards me over the glow of our dim lamp . 
 we 're sitting together at the far end of the pier , watching the skyscrapers of downtown light up one by one . 
 pretty nice evening . 
 even the humidity does n't seem as bad as usual , and now and then i can feel a cool breeze . 
 `` so , you paid off your debt . 
 what are you going to do tomorrow ? '' 
 she asks me . 
 i shrug . 
 `` do n't know yet . 
 i usually take things one day at a time . '' 
 we eat in silence for a few more minutes before she speaks up again . 
 `` you have n't told me much about yourself , '' she says . 
 `` i do n't even know your name . '' 
 i put down my half-eaten can of sausage and beans , then lean back on my elbows . 
 `` ed , '' i reply , blurting out the first name i can think of . 
 `` what else do you want to know ? '' 
 she studies me . 
 in the flickering lamplight , her eyes take on a honey-colored tint . 
 `` how long have you lived in lake ? '' 
 she takes another bite of food and then tosses her can aside . 
 `` what happened to your family ? 
 and how 'd your knee get that way ? 
 you always lived on the streets , or what ? '' 
 i 'm quiet throughout her questions . 
 it 's only fair that she 's asking , of course , since she 's told me so much about herself . 
 but if there 's one thing i 've learned from living on the streets , it 's to keep details about myself secret . 
 where would i even start ? 
 my name 's day . 
 my family lives about thirty blocks northeast of here . 
 i have a mother , an older brother , and a younger brother . 
 all of them think i 'm dead . 
 republic doctors sliced open my knee while experimenting on my body . 
 i was shipped to them after failing my trial , and they 'd left me for dead in a hospital basement . 
 i stumbled around , bleeding , for weeks afterward . 
 i always travel alone , because if the republic ever finds me , they 'll snuff me out like a candle . 
 i keep my head turned away as the memories fill me up and threaten to burst out of my chest . 
 so many stories to tell . 
 but i fold them away one by one . 
 charlie sobers at my silence . 
 `` well , '' she starts , looking a little awkward for the first time since she 's known me . 
 she fiddles with one of her braids . 
 `` all in good time , whenever you 're ready . '' 
 i smile at her over the lamplight . 
 `` if you want , you know , you can stay for a few more days , '' she says . 
 `` my dad says you 're a good worker and proved your worth ... he 'd be happy to keep you around a little longer . 
 he might even give you some wages under the table . 
 and , well , you 're a nice kid . 
 the streets are a harsh place to live-i dunno how long you 'll make it out there on your own . '' 
 her offer 's tempting . 
 my heart warms , and there are unspoken words of gratitude on the tip of my tongue . 
 i soak in her freckled face and rumpled braids , and in this moment i 'm completely ready to say yes . 
 i can see myself working here beside her and making some sort of life for myself . 
 i ache to belong to a family again , to become friends with this girl . 
 would n't that be something , yeah ? 
 i close my eyes and lose myself to the fantasy . 
 `` i 'll think about it , '' i finally reply . 
 it 's a good enough answer for now . 
 charlie shrugs , and we both go back to finishing our dinners . 
 we sleep side by side out on her boat 's deck that night , close enough that our shoulders touch and i can feel the warmth coming from her body . 
 i spend most of the night looking up at the sky . 
 it 's clear enough for me to make out about a dozen stars . 
 i count them over and over again until they lull me into a light sleep . 
 a shriek jolts me awake . 
 i instinctively hop to my feet , then wince as my bad knee twists and forces me to sit back down . 
 my pouch of random trinkets pokes me uncomfortably in my side . 
 what 's going on ? 
 what happened ? 
 is it morning ? 
 all i notice in my confusion is the dim light of dawn that paints everything bluish gray . 
 `` no ! 
 you ca n't ! '' 
 another shriek . 
 this time i hear it come from farther down the pier , where the crew 's crowded around something . 
 curious passersby have started accumulating along the street . 
 do n't get close . 
 stay away . 
 my instincts flare up , and instead of joining them , i hurry over to a nearby stack of crates and crouch in the shadows . 
 at first i ca n't tell what 's going on . 
 then , as i squint closer at the scene , i realize what 's happening . 
 a few republic soldiers dressed in the attire of a city patrol-not street police , an actual city patrol-are shouting questions at a large man . 
 charlie 's dad . 
 the shrieks come from charlie , whom several of the crew members are holding back . 
 one city patrol soldier punches her father squarely in the jaw . 
 he falls to his knees . 
 `` you damn dogs ! '' 
 charlie shouts at the patrol . 
 `` you liars ! 
 we 're not behind on shipments-we 're not even in charge of that ! 
 you ca n't - '' `` calm down , '' one of the soldiers snaps at her . 
 `` or you 'll feel the bite of a bullet . 
 got that ? '' 
 then he nods to his companions . 
 `` confiscate their shipment . '' 
 charlie screams something i ca n't make out , but her father shakes his head at her , giving her a firm warning . 
 a trail of blood leaks from the edge of his mouth . 
 `` it 'll be okay , '' he calls out to her even as the soldiers hurry along the end of the pier and load crates onto their truck . 
 i wait quietly in the dark as they fill their truck . 
 if they take charlie 's whole shipment , then that means they wo n't get paid for at least two weeks . 
 some of them would go hungry for sure . 
 a memory rushes back to me of when the city patrols had once taken my dad away for questioning , how they 'd brought him back bloodied and broken . 
 anger and recklessness rush through my mind . 
 i narrow my eyes at the soldiers , then dart quietly from the shadows to the edge of the water . 
 as the chaos continues to unfold at the end of the pier , no one notices as i slip soundlessly into the water and make my way off along the shore . 
 my bad knee protests as i paddle , but i grit my teeth and ignore it . 
 when i 've swum far enough to reach the next set of piers , i make my way up to the banks , crawl up to street level , and melt into the early-morning crowds . 
 water drips down my chin ; my soggy boots squish with each step i take . 
 the soldiers will probably take another few minutes to finish loading everything up and checking off the crates-by the time they head back out this way to lake 's police station , i 'll be ready for them . 
 as i limp through the crowds , i reach down to my belt and tug open the pouch of trinkets . 
 i 've got a good stash of nails . 
 i scatter them all across the street until i 'm confident that i 've covered a large swath of the road . 
 then i turn a corner , dart into a narrow alley , and crouch behind a large trash bin . 
 my knee throbs in protest . 
 i rub wet strands of hair impatiently away from my face . 
 i gingerly stretch out my leg , wince , and rub at the old scar that runs across my knee . 
 got ta move fast if i want this to work . 
 i check to make sure my pocketknife 's tucked securely against my boot , then settle in to wait . 
 a few minutes later , i hear what i 've been hoping for-the sound of a city patrol truck approaching from farther ahead , its recognizable beeping alarm ringing out down the street . 
 my body tenses . 
 the truck draws nearer . 
 people clear to either side as it honks its way through the morning rush . 
 then - pop ! 
 one of the truck 's tires bursts-it skids , then careens haphazardly to one side , sending up some shrieks from the crowd . 
 it crashes to a halt several feet from where my alley is . 
 i struggle to my feet . 
 the back of the truck has popped open in all the chaos , and a dozen or so crates lie open and spilled on the streets . 
 two soldiers hop out from the truck right as crowds of people gather around the truck , some already eagerly picking up cans of meat that have rolled out of the broken crates . 
 `` back up ! '' 
 one soldier shouts in vain at the crowd . 
 the other soldier pushes people back with his rifle . 
 i rush in with the pack . 
 if i could grab even one of the crates and bring it back to charlie , i 'd call that a win . 
 the people tower over me , jostling me back and forth as everyone tries to snatch a small portion of the food . 
 i duck my head , fold myself down as small as i can , and push doggedly on . 
 finally , i see the truck before me-and the spilled contents all over the ground . 
 i reach down and shove two tins of meat right into my pockets . 
 then i grab the edge of one crate , pull back with all my might , and start dragging it along the ground . 
 several other soldiers have arrived to back up the original two ; i try to work faster as they begin pushing people back from the scene . 
 i clench my jaw and pull harder . 
 `` hey-get away from that ! '' 
 a soldier catches sight of me , grabs me by the collar of my shirt , and tosses me unceremoniously back against the throngs . 
 my bad knee buckles-i cry out in pain and land in a weird position . 
 the soldier grabs the crate i was dragging and shoots me a furious glare . 
 `` damn baby street cons , '' he spits at me . 
 `` go back to your alley . 
 keep your hands off republic property . '' 
 that 's mine , i scream silently . 
 that 's for charlie . 
 to my surprise , an urge to cry surges up from a deeper part of me . 
 that 's for my family . 
 for people i care about . 
 but there 's not much i can do now . 
 i 'm too late , i 'm too small , and i 'm too weak . 
 the scene i 've caused is useless to me now-enough soldiers have arrived that the people no longer have the guts to grab for the crates ' contents . 
 i scramble to my feet , then shove my way through the people as the soldiers gather to inspect the burst tire of their truck . 
 at least i banged up one of their precious vehicles , i think darkly . 
 i make my way back to the pier where charlie 's crew works . 
 by the time i get there , my knee 's sore . 
 i 'm sweaty and exhausted . 
 charlie sees me from a distance , jumps down from the stack of crates she 's sitting on , and rushes over . 
 `` there you are , '' she says . 
 she seems to have composed herself since her earlier outburst . 
 her eyes run over my damp clothes . 
 `` where 'd you go ? '' 
 i just shrug . 
 i pull the two tins of meat out of my pockets . 
 `` there was some sort of commotion down the street , '' i reply , handing her the tins . 
 `` truck overturned . 
 i grabbed these . 
 sorry-they would n't let us get any closer . 
 how 's your dad ? '' 
 `` he 's okay . 
 he 's taken harder hits before . '' 
 charlie gives me a wry smile of thanks , but hands the tins back to me . 
 `` you keep these . 
 two tins wo n't do us much good . '' 
 she looks over her shoulder at the crew . 
 then she bends down , leans toward my ear , and whispers , `` that was you , was n't it ? 
 you saw the whole thing this morning . 
 you found some way to mess that truck up , did n't you ? '' 
 i blink at her . 
 `` i - '' charlie grins when she sees my guilty expression . 
 `` yeah , we were out there too . 
 your little stunt let some of my dad 's crew get in there and grab a few of our crates back . '' 
 the weight on my chest lifts a little . 
 i look at her in surprise , and then break into a small smile . 
 `` you guys were there ? 
 you saw the truck ? '' 
 charlie 's eyes study mine . 
 for a moment , it 's as if she can see right into my heart . 
 `` you got a death wish or something ? '' 
 she finally says . 
 she reaches up to ruffle my hair . 
 `` i 'll hand it to you-you 've got some nerves of steel , running off like that and messing up a city patrol 's truck . '' 
 i blush , then look down at my feet . 
 `` just got lucky , '' i mutter . 
 but deep down , i ca n't help feeling a spark of pride . 
 they 'd gotten some of their supplies back . 
 maybe my stunt had n't been useless after all . 
 charlie 's expression softens . 
 her hand lifts my chin so that i meet her stare . 
 she leans down and gives me an affectionate peck on the lips . 
 `` thank you , '' she says . 
 `` you 're a good kid . 
 i bet the republic has n't seen the last of you . '' 
 i sleep on the boat 's deck with the crew that night . 
 but early the next morning , when dawn has barely reached the water 's edge and charlie 's eyes are still closed , i get up and sneak quietly away . 
 i take nothing with me except my few trinkets and tins of food . 
 i do n't look at her one last time , and i do n't leave her any notes or say good-bye . 
 the air is cool , nipping at my cheeks and lips , a reminder of the empty space around me . 
 i keep my hands in my pockets and my head held high . 
 my hair is loose . 
 i ca n't stay here . 
 if anything , yesterday 's events reminded me very clearly of why i wander the streets alone , why i do n't dare let myself get tangled up in relationships with anyone else out here in lake . 
 soldiers had attacked charlie 's dad just for falling short on a shipment-what would happen to them if the soldiers found out that they were harboring a boy who 'd escaped from the republic 's labs ? 
 a boy who 's supposed to be dead ? 
 dad had always told me to move forward , never backward . 
 so i keep my toes pointed away from the pier and inland toward the slums . 
 best to be alone out here . 
 i 'm a floating soul , a phantom ... i belong nowhere . 
 charlie 's words echo in my mind . 
 i bet the republic has n't seen the last of you . 
 i smile . 
 no , i sincerely hope that they have n't . 
 my feet feel heavy , but they do n't make a sound . 
