 chapter one the most soothing voice i 'd ever heard was whispering to me . 
 i could n't real y understand what it was saying , but it did n't matter . 
 it was the tone , the familiar rumbly hoarseness of it that was pushing back the icy fingers of panic . 
 as the vise grip of terror loosened its hold on me , rational thought flitted through the dead space of my mind . 
 it came in the form of memories , a cascade of random recol ections that dropped in and out of my head like tiny bouncing rubber bal s . 
 in and out . 
 in and out . 
 the first time i saw bo . 
 bounce . 
 the first time he kissed me . 
 bounce . 
 mmm . 
 you taste like candy , like strawberries and sugar . 
 bounce . 
 the night i saw bo covered in blood . 
 bounce . 
 the night i found out he was a vampire . 
 the night i found out he was dying . 
 the heartache of losing him . 
 the elation of having him back . 
 bo , the boy who ca n't be kil ed . 
 bo , the son of the angels . 
 constantine , the first vampire . 
 constantine , a fal en angel . 
 constantine masquerading as sebastian . 
 sebastian , bo 's father . 
 sebastian , kidnapper of my dead sister 's baby . 
 sebastian , lover of heather , the vampire who infected me . 
 bounce , bounce , bounce . 
 one by one , they fel into my consciousness , only to be quickly replaced by another memory until one final thought dropped in like a bomb and exploded inside my head , erasing everything else . 
 it was the same thought that had sent me spiraling into a panic attack . 
 i 'm a vampire . 
 i could feel it starting al over again , the panic-the breath coming too fast , the fear clutching at my chest , the tears stinging my eyes , the strange sensation that i was doomed . 
 but then i heard the voice again , cutting through the darkness , slicing through the fright like a smooth blade of light . 
 it was bo . 
 `` just take deep breaths , '' he whispered , his breath cooling the damp hair at my temples . 
 `` listen to my heart beat . 
 focus on me , baby . 
 focus on me . '' 
 slowly , my muscles began to relax . 
 it was surprisingly easy to do as he instructed . 
 as always , my world and everything in it seemed to center around bo , to revolve around his very existence . 
 thump thump . 
 thump thump . 
 i listened to the reassuring sound and felt myself calming more and more as the seconds ticked by . 
 `` that 's it , ridley . 
 you 're ok . 
 you 're alright . 
 i 've got you , '' he breathed , his voice a throaty croak . 
 i felt as wel as heard the feathery brush of his fingertips against the skin of my cheek . 
 it made a fine rasping sound and my stomach twisted into a knot of pleasure . 
 thump thump swish . 
 thump thump swish . 
 behind the steady beat i could hear a faint rushing sound , like water through a pipe . 
 it waxed and waned with each squeeze of bo 's heart . 
 without opening my eyes , i raised my hand to the warm chest against which i rested . 
 i could feel the vibrations of the throbbing tempo against my sensitive palm . 
 in silent wonder , i tracked each pulse as it rippled up my arm and into my chest , where it pounded as if it were inside me , too . 
 at first i was flooded with peace , the peace that came only from bo-from his presence , from his love . 
 i inhaled deeply , ready to sigh in relief . 
 but with the intake of breath another of my senses came online . 
 scents from al around me penetrated the fuzz of my addled brain and the lights of recognition blinked on like a computer screen flickering to life . 
 an oh-so-familiar tangy scent-clean and citrusy-bombarded my body with a gush of desire . 
 my sigh of relief became a quiet gasp as my bones melted in the heat of what was between us . 
 i knew bo felt it , too . 
 i could hear it in the quickening of his breath . 
 i could feel it in the stil ness of his lips against my temple . 
 i could smel it in the musky sweetness that rushed to the surface of his skin and permeated the air around me . 
 my nerves thrummed with excitement . 
 i 'd never smel ed desire before , but somehow , instinctively , i knew that 's what it was . 
 it was there in the tightening of my stomach . 
 it was there in the heaviness of my br ** sts . 
 it was there in the way my flesh seemed to ache for bo 's touch . 
 i squirmed in his arms until , blindly , my lips found his . 
 there was urgency in our kiss . 
 with teeth and tongues , we devoured each other , both possessed of a hunger that defied logic and description . 
 it was desperate , it was powerful . 
 it was al - consuming . 
 in my greed for bo , in my eagerness to taste him and bring some smal part of him into myself , i nicked his lip with my teeth . 
 one tiny drop of blood oozed onto my tongue . 
 i felt it like a hot crimson tear just before it burst into a shower of taste and sensation , igniting my already-fiery blood . 
 bo 's fingers worked their way into my hair and fisted , tugging on my scalp and sending a fine spray of chil s down my back . 
 i could n't stop the purr of pure pleasure that hummed in the back of my throat . 
 i would n't have wanted to anyway . 
 it seemed to push bo into a frenzy . 
 his hands left my hair to wander down my body until they were clutching my hips tightly , squeezing them as he clung fiercely to his control . 
 wrenching his lips from mine , bo pul ed back , his breathing heavy and labored . 
 reluctantly , i raised my eyelids and met his smoldering gaze . 
 it was like a silky pool of dark chocolate that threatened to suck me into sweet oblivion . 
 i watched him for several minutes , both of us panting , both of us trying to rein in our tempestuous passions before we lost ourselves to the moment . 
 as the raging inferno of our desire gave way to the cool calm of reality , other sensations began to creep in-new sensations , strange sensations . 
 painful sensations . 
 the fires of sensual hunger became a blazing heat of a different kind . 
 it burned in my chest and in my stomach , hotter than lava and moving twice as fast . 
 every inch of my skin seemed to be scalded with an icy heat that made no sense at al . 
 it was like being so cold i was on fire . 
 and my throat-i 'd never been so thirsty , so painful y thirsty in al my life . 
 i knew that only one thing would quench it , a taste that stil lingered in the dark recesses of my mouth . 
 blood . 
 bo 's blood . 
 my eyes drifted to the tiny tick of the pulse in bo 's neck and the rest of the world turned off . 
 my entire being zeroed in on him , but not in the usual way . 
 i was surrounded by the beat of his heart and the swish of his blood . 
 i felt it tickle my lips and tease my fingertips . 
 i felt it swal ow my mind and swirl in my gut-a need so beautiful , yet so dangerous . 
 razors of agony slashed at me , scraped at my brain and my nerves like something dark and beastly trying to claw its way out . 
 i felt violence swel within me , a craving so intense that i knew i had to have what i wanted , even if i had to kil for it . 
 `` ridley , calm down , '' bo commanded . 
 his voice was low and steely , deadly serious . 
 when i looked back at his face , it was bathed in a red haze that made my mouth water with delicious anticipation . 
 i licked my lips and felt the sting of something sharp slicing into my tongue . 
 gently , i ran the tip over my extended and lethal y-pointed canines . 
 as i suspected , there were four - two on the top , two on the bottom . 
 though i knew my tongue was cut , i tasted no blood . 
 somewhere in the back of my mind it registered that there was likely none in my body . 
 it had been quickly consumed during my transformation , leaving me invisible . 
 reflexively , i glanced down at my legs . 
 i could see the fabric of my jeans , but the place where my ankles should 've been showed no skin , only the hardwood floors beneath me . 
 i could see my t-shirt , but below the cuff of the sleeve was nothing . 
 my arms were no longer visible to the naked eye . 
 when i moved , there was a slight shimmer , a wavy disruptive pattern to the air , but i could see no flesh . 
 i could feel , though . 
 every fiber , every cel , every nerve was alight with sensation-a potent cocktail of desire and need , passion and hunger , thirst and desperation . 
 `` ridley , stay with me . 
 do n't let it control you . '' 
 between bo 's words and the sobering alarm of seeing that i had no body , i felt the wave of frenzy subside a bit . 
 the realization of how badly i wanted his blood , of how violently i needed it covered me like a black cloth of mourning - mourning for the humanity that i did n't feel rising up to stop me , mourning for the loss of some integral part of myself that tied me to the rest of the world . 
 i felt no guilt at wanting to drink him dry , very little hesitation because he was the person i loved most in the world . 
 but at least there was some part of me-no matter how smal and how hidden-that responded to him just enough to give me pause . 
 maybe that meant i was n't total y lost to the changes that would now rule my life . 
 bitter tears wel ed in my eyes and burned my icy hot cheeks as they fel . 
 `` bo , help me . 
 it hurts . '' 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and wrapped my arms around myself , comforted somehow by the fact that , though i could n't see my body , it was stil there . 
 i could feel it . 
 a finger at the corner of my eye wiped a tear . 
 somehow he 'd known they were fal ing . 
 he did n't have to see them to know they were there . 
 `` i know , baby . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 there was an odd , helpless quality to his voice that shook me to my core . 
 when i opened my eyes to his , i could see that it was kil ing him to watch me go through this . 
 `` i ca n't live like this , bo . 
 i ' l hurt somebody , '' i managed to force out between sobs that silently wracked my body . 
 `` no , you wo n't . 
 i wo n't let you , '' he said softly , gathering me into his arms . 
 `` i ' l be with you . 
 i ' l help you . '' 
 though his promises soothed me somewhat , his nearness was only aggravating that whirlwind of unbearable sensation that felt like it was ripping me apart . 
 i pushed at his chest . 
 `` get away from me , bo . 
 being so close to you only makes it worse . '' 
 just uttering those words was like purposely tearing a hole in my heart . 
 his love , his closeness was the thing i wanted most in life . 
 until now . 
 `` ridley , i ' l help you , but you have to listen very closely and do exactly as i say . 
 okay ? '' 
 i looked into his eyes . 
 he was earnest . 
 that much was clear . 
 he was also confident , so confident , in fact , that a glimmer of hope began to shine in my heart . 
 it shone through like a single blessed ray of sunlight peeking through a crack in the blinds . 
 i nodded . 
 bo rose to his feet and held out one hand . 
 it was a silent plea to trust him , to go where he wanted me to go without question . 
 of course , i slipped my hand into his and stood . 
 i would always fol ow bo-wherever he went and forever without question . 
 bo led me across the dusty floor in the long , hidden room of sebastian 's house to the cot where lil y had slept only a short time ago . 
 it was nothing more than a thin mattress covered with a single white sheet that rested on a support of bare springs . 
 it was pushed up against the wal in a corner . 
 bo released my hand and lowered himself onto the bed . 
 it creaked and squeaked under his weight . 
 my stomach twitched with anticipation , my body stil alive with al sorts of sensual stimulation . 
 he slid into the corner where his back was against the wal and his legs were straight out in front of him . 
 he spread them just enough to pat the mattress between his knees . 
 `` come here and sit down . 
 put your back to my chest . '' 
 my heart was pounding loudly in my ears . 
 my breathing was coming in quick bursts . 
 excitement was buzzing inside my head as i knelt on the mattress facing bo . 
 as he suggested , i crawled between his legs and turned , settling my back against his chest . 
 `` the first thing i want you to do is think of something that bores you . 
 school , a bad movie , a particularly tedious person , anything you have very little feeling about . 
 i want you to clear your mind of as much emotion as you can . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 at the moment , i was finding it hard to concentrate on anything but the feel of bo 's naked chest at my back , his hard muscular legs lying against my hips and thighs . 
 `` ridley , can you do that ? '' 
 i could feel the rumble of his words reverberating through my own chest as he spoke . 
 the vibrations further excited the tiny jumping beans of desire that danced in my core . 
 they clamored for attention . 
 they screamed for satisfaction . 
 mercilessly , i pushed them down deep , smothering them as best i could , determined to do as he instructed . 
 as my mind flipped through the internal catalog of my memories , it came to rest on a teacher i 'd once had . 
 mr. hearst . 
 he taught geometry and i was convinced he was the most boring individual i 'd ever met . 
 he far exceeded the put-me-to-sleep factor of even mr. dole , my chemistry teacher . 
 i pictured the man-his sandy comb-over , his nerdy glasses , his coffee-stained teeth and yel ow armpit rings - then i conjured his voice . 
 i was almost able to hear the nasal quality of it in the quiet of the room . 
 `` good , ridley . 
 you 're doing great , '' bo encouraged . 
 he could n't see my face . 
 he had n't asked me any questions as i 'd searched my mind . 
 i do n't know how he could 've known i 'd found something to concentrate on , but he did . 
 `` how can you tel ? '' 
 bo chuckled . 
 `` i can just tel that you 're not thinking about me anymore . 
 you ' l just have to trust me on that . '' 
 though a little thril went through me , i kept my focus trained on mr. hearst . 
 `` who 'd you pick ? '' 
 `` my ninth grade geometry teacher , mr. hearst . '' 
 `` perfect . 
 now , '' bo said as he leaned forward , `` i 'm gon na hold you so that you do n't get hurt , okay ? '' 
 even as he spoke , bo wrapped one arm around me , across my waist until he had both my arms pinned to my body . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` i 'm going to feed you from my wrist until you can learn to control your emotions , your hunger . 
 i want you to concentrate as hard as you can on mr. hearst . 
 al your focus , ridley , okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i could feel excited anticipation rushing through me , but rather than give it one inch and then get carried away by it , i closed my eyes and pictured mr. hearst with as much detail as i could manage . 
 a snapping , squishing sound penetrated my vision of mr. hearst , but my hearing was n't the sense that threatened to undo me . 
 it was my sense of smel . 
 i gasped when one of the most delectable aromas i 'd ever experienced flooded my nasal passages . 
 i inhaled , pul ing the scent deep into my lungs , the perfume so fragrant and so potent i could nearly taste it . 
 my mouth watered profusely and i felt something sharp rubbing my bottom lip . 
 my canines were stretched long with intent again . 
 `` ridley , '' bo cautioned . 
 `` focus . 
 do n't think about how it smel s. think about mr. hearst . 
 only mr. hearst . '' 
 pul ing my attention away from the smel of blood in the air felt like pure torture , like one of the hardest things i 'd ever had to do . 
 but , after what felt like an eternity , i did it . 
 i final y did it . 
 although my eyes remained closed , i stil knew the instant that bo brought his wrist around to my face . 
 the scent was so strong that it stung my nostrils and burned my lungs . 
 without thinking , i tried to lunge toward it , as if my body would happily defy my wil in order to get what it needed . 
 luckily , bo 's hold on me was so tight i barely moved . 
 `` focus , '' he said , his voice right at my ear . 
 i could hear the hiss of the s. i had n't considered how hard it must be for bo . 
 `` mr. hearst . '' 
 with teeth clamped tightly shut , i struggled for another eternity to resist my most basic urge . 
 i fought it until the smel of the blood was no longer quite so painful , quite so powerful . 
 i fought it until i could concentrate on mr. hearst rather than the crimson heaven so close to my tongue . 
 `` open your mouth , '' he said softly . 
 my trembling lips parted . 
 for a moment , mr. hearst was lost beneath the consuming anticipation of what i was about to taste . 
 but bo must have known that because he paused . 
 `` mr. hearst , '' he repeated . 
 when i was once again adequately distracted , bo brought his wrist to my mouth . 
 slowly , purposeful y , i wrapped my lips around the warm flesh and drank my first sip of blood as a vampire . 
 chapter two the taste of bo 's blood was indescribable , a thousand times better than it had tasted as a human . 
 it was like sunshine and summer , midnight and silk , sex and chocolate al flowing over my tongue in thick waves . 
 it exploded in my throat like a blast of intense heat . 
 i could feel it spreading through my body , working its way into my tissues , bringing them back to life , back to being . 
 after the first few gulps of liquid bliss , the excruciating thirst ceased to be the dominant sensation . 
 another element in the tornado of feeling rose to supremacy . 
 it was desire . 
 i 'd fought my overwhelming craving for bo practical y since we 'd first met , but it was nothing like this . 
 now it seemed magnified a thousand times . 
 as bo 's blood bathed my flesh from the inside , his skin scalded it from the outside . 
 it seemed i was enveloped in bo , surrounded by his flesh , fil ed with his tangy scent , a scent that now seemed to overpower even that of his blood . 
 i was hyper aware of his body at my back and i could feel the tension in his muscles as he wrestled with his own demons . 
 yearning poured through me , a physical desire stronger than anything i 'd ever felt . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut tighter and fought the groan that lurked in the back of my throat . 
 i could n't stop my body from squirming against him as my skin tingled with awareness and the need to be touched . 
 as i moved , i became aware of just how much this was affecting bo . 
 i could feel his hardness pressed against the smal of my back . 
 with that knowledge , warmth gushed through me and set my core on fire . 
 i throbbed with want of him , with a carnal need so intense i tore my mouth away from bo 's wrist just so i could breathe . 
 i panted and fought for control , leaning my head back against bo 's shoulder where he was folded around behind me . 
 i searched my surroundings for anything , anything at al that i could focus on to take my mind off the feeling that i needed bo inside me more than i needed to live . 
 i inhaled deeply , straining to maintain control of myself , but that was the biggest mistake of al . 
 there was something delightful y forbidden permeating the air . 
 it brought to mind images of damp skin and tangled limbs , of arched backs and open mouths . 
 it was desire i smel ed . 
 bo 's desire . 
 his blood was hot with it . 
 it scented the air like a musky bouquet that made my skin feel sticky and warm . 
 `` ridley , please , '' bo groaned from behind me , his voice thick with a passion that matched mine . 
 `` think of something else . '' 
 my head stil rested on bo 's shoulder . 
 i opened my eyes and turned my head just enough so that i could press my lips to his jaw . 
 i saw bo close his eyes as he struggled to bridle his need . 
 `` ridley , '' he repeated , his voice breathless and tortured . 
 i knew bo was fighting and it was a testament to his control when he turned his face toward mine and pressed one gentle kiss to the corner of my mouth . 
 i wanted to dive into him , but he pul ed back . 
 after several tense seconds , i felt his tongue . 
 bo licked at the blood that was smeared around my mouth and then he breathed my name . 
 i could smel the heavenly scent on his breath . 
 and then he kissed me . 
 bo drove his tongue deep , swirling the residue of his blood inside my mouth . 
 i felt a stab of something primal in two places at once-somewhere in my soul and somewhere south of my bel ybutton . 
 when bo pul ed back , i could 've cried . 
 i ached for him , but i knew before he spoke that we could n't let things get out of hand . 
 i was in deep and turbulent waters , and i knew that adding a new dimension to our relationship would not be wise . 
 there was too much at stake to make any mistakes . 
 we had to proceed with caution . 
 though my thirst for blood was somewhat less , i felt frustrated in another way . 
 but despite that unfulfil ed feeling , my head was clear enough to be grateful for and appreciative of bo 's restraint . 
 `` sit up , '' bo gently commanded . 
 obediently , i did as he asked . 
 bo slid around me and off the bed . 
 when he offered me his hand , i saw that his form was looking weaker than it had before he 'd fed me . 
 when i put my fingers in his palm , i saw that i was in virtual y the same state-somewhere just shy of completely visible . 
 `` it 's dark and we need to feed . 
 we both need more blood . '' 
 i was immediately uneasy . 
 `` where are we going to get it ? '' 
 `` the woods . '' 
 at bo 's words , vivid imagery flashed through my mind . 
 i thought of kil ing sweet , innocent animals just for their blood and saliva gushed into my mouth . 
 but it was n't from thirst ; it was from nausea . 
 `` wil they die ? 
 wil we have to kil them or can we just take a little bit and let them live , like humans ? '' 
 bo 's expression said he hated his answer , but that he had to give it . 
 `` we have to kil them , ridley . 
 for one thing , it takes much more animal blood to satisfy our bodies and keep our form . 
 also , they 're life force is n't as hearty as a humans , so ones left alive turn mad after only one feeding . 
 we ca n't let them live . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 it was so distasteful , i dared not consider it . 
 `` i do n't think i can do that , bo . 
 i just - i ca n't ... '' `` yes , you can . 
 you just have to try . '' 
 bo tugged on my hand , swiftly putting an end to the conversation . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i let him lead me from the hidden room back into the main house , down the stairs and out to my car . 
 bo opened the passenger side and helped me in before he rounded the hood to slide in behind the wheel . 
 `` we could run , but there 's no reason to waste any energy until we can get you built up , '' he explained , very matter of fact . 
 we rode in silence to the edge of woods . 
 bo parked in the same spot we 'd used several times , right beneath the no littering sign that had been tagged with obscenities . 
 he cut the engine and got out to come around to my side . 
 i let him help me out and we walked , hand in hand , into the woods . 
 though the forest was n't as brightly lit as , say , noon , i could stil see as clearly as i could if the sun had been setting . 
 i could plainly make out branches , leaves , roots and fal en trees , as wel as the shift of tiny bugs and things darting and scuttling about on the forest floor . 
 when we 'd gone far enough that we could no longer see the car , bo stopped . 
 `` what are we - '' `` shh , '' he whispered . 
 `` listen . '' 
 at first , al i could hear was bo 's breathing , his heartbeat and the loud sounds of woodland creatures scurrying about through the underbrush . 
 but then i heard a heavier rustling and i listened closely , trying to block out al the other sounds so that i could hear more clearly . 
 twigs snapped , leaves crackled and bracken broke beneath the weight of a much larger creature , a creature with footsteps that sounded nearly human . 
 i could tel they were deliberate as whatever it was picked its way through the forest . 
 when the movement stopped , i heard a blowing sound . 
 `` smel , '' bo whispered . 
 tipping my chin up , i stuck my nose into the air and inhaled deeply . 
 a strong and offensive animal scent assailed me . 
 my first instinct was to grimace , but beneath that smel was another aroma , one that made my mouth water a tiny bit . 
 it was n't even in the same league as the smel of bo 's blood , but i could identify the sweet coppery notes of something similar in the air . 
 `` why can i smel blood ? 
 is it wounded ? '' 
 `` no , '' bo murmured in response . 
 `` you can smel things now that scent the blood , like pheromones and other hormones . 
 blood has a very distinctive smel that seeps through the skin . 
 you could n't smel it before . '' 
 briefly , i wondered about bo 's delicious scent and how it had always seemed so strongly identifiable to me . 
 however , my tangent was curtailed , as bo 's next words brought me sharply back to the present . 
 `` i want you to chase it , okay ? 
 pay attention to the sound of it . 
 that wil tel you which direction it 's running . 
 pay attention to the smel , too . 
 you can track things that way . 
 i 'm going to run around and flank it . 
 i ' l meet back up with you in a few minutes . '' 
 `` you just want me to chase it ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 that 's al . 
 just chase it . '' 
 i had to admit that i felt a tremendous amount of relief that he did n't expect me to hunt the poor thing and kil it . 
 i knew i did n't have the stomach for it . 
 at least not yet . 
 `` this is a good way to get you used to moving so quickly , too . 
 you need to know what it feels like so that you do n't do it in front of anyone else . '' 
 `` okay , so you just want me to start running toward it ? 
 do i need to make some sort of noise or something to spook it ? '' 
 `` when you get close enough for it to hear or smel you , you wo n't have to spook it . '' 
 `` how far away is it now ? '' 
 `` probably a couple hundred yards . '' 
 in my head , i stretched two footbal fields out , end to end , and imagined myself looking al the way out across that distance . 
 that simple exercise added some perspective to the true sensitivity of my heightened senses and i was duly amazed . 
 `` i can smel something and hear it moving from that far away ? '' 
 `` pretty cool , huh ? '' 
 bo grinned . 
 the action accentuated his handsomeness and my stomach flipped over . 
 i could n't help but smile in return . 
 he was positively captivating . 
 `` you ready to give your new body a whirl ? '' 
 not really i felt like saying , but instead , i nodded . 
 `` take off , '' he said , pointing straight ahead . 
 reluctantly , i turned to walk away . 
 when i 'd moved several feet , bo cal ed out in a hushed voice , `` run ! '' 
 with a start , i pushed my feet into a faster pace until i was moving smoothly over the forest floor . 
 i looked down and could stil see every leaf with crystal ine clarity . 
 my eyes darted left and right , taking in the passing scenery , and i increased my speed , careful to mind my footing . 
 i edged myself on , faster and faster , until i felt like i was moving at the speed of light . 
 no matter how fast i went , though , my surroundings never blurred . 
 they simply passed by in quick-yet-clear images , like i was seeing them in high-speed snapshots . 
 i weaved in and out of the trees , my body reacting to every command quickly and with an amazing agility . 
 it was as if the response time of my muscles had dwindled to the point that it seemed to coincide with the thought . 
 by the time i quit playing and remembered what bo had said , i had no idea where i was . 
 i stopped and sniffed , realizing that the scent of the animal was very faint and very far behind me . 
 quickly , i turned to head back the way i 'd come , letting loose and running as fast as i could . 
 it seemed like only seconds had elapsed when the smel of the animal began to saturate the air again . 
 i tuned out the sounds of my own feet passing over the leaf-strewn terrain and focused on the sounds of the creature , waiting for it to move . 
 and then it did . 
 i heard that blowing sound again right before it took off , crashing through the thick underbrush . 
 in my mind 's eye , i imagined that it was a deer , running through the trees with a head ful of antlers that tangled in every bush and short tree that it passed . 
 i scanned the woods in front of me , making a semicircular pass from left to right and back again . 
 final y , i caught sight of a flash of white bobbing between the trees . 
 it was the raised tail of a deer as it darted frantical y through the forest , away from me . 
 keeping my eyes on it , i matched its speed and moved when it moved . 
 i zigged when it zigged and i zagged when it zagged . 
 it seemed as though my body could almost anticipate the actions of the deer , as if the instant the deer decided to go in one direction or the other , the information was relayed directly to my muscles . 
 with the heavy scent in my nostrils , the sounds of its flight in my ears and the beautiful white tail in my sights , i let go and began to enjoy the delicate dance the deer and i had engaged in . 
 but then bo darted out from the right and the deer disappeared from my sight . 
 my heart leapt up into my throat and i ran to the deer as hard and as fast as i could . 
 when i reached it , the deer was on the ground and bo was half-lying across its upper body with his mouth at its neck . 
 the deer was n't struggling , but i could see its one visible eye rol ing around in terror . 
 and i could smel its blood , nothing like the sweet scent of human blood . 
 my stomach clenched in revulsion . 
 i stood motionless-thoroughly horrified and repulsed-as bo kil ed that poor deer . 
 i tried to concentrate on the logic of the whole thing , on how we needed it to survive , no different than kil ing a chicken or a cow for meat . 
 but somehow , that did n't console me . 
 my chin trembled , belying the indifference that i was trying to portray as i stood watching . 
 when bo final y raised himself up off the deer and looked at me , i kept my eyes trained tightly on his . 
 i refused to let them stray to the red stains around his mouth . 
 the nearly-black brown of bo 's eyes had given way to the washed out , pale green of thirst . 
 but beyond his need was a sadness , like he 'd witnessed the death of something other than the deer . 
 and i knew what that death was . 
 in a way , that moment marked the death of my innocence . 
 i could no longer look on vampirism through the rose-tinted glasses that i 'd apparently been wearing . 
 at times , our curse was a nasty business and there would come a day when i would have no choice but to act as bo had . 
 but tonight was not that night . 
 `` ridley , we have to do this to survive . 
 you know why we ca n't randomly feed on humans . '' 
 i could n't speak past the lump in my throat so i nodded . 
 i understood it perfectly . 
 i just did n't like it . 
 bo held out his hand and i shook my head . 
 `` ridley , you need to feed . '' 
 i knew that , but i could n't bring myself to take that final step and drink from the deer . 
 although it was already dead and would know no difference , i just could n't do it . 
 `` ridley , '' bo said again , motioning me toward him with his fingers . 
 again , i shook my head . 
 bo stood as if to come toward me and , before i could even give it a second thought , i bolted . 
 my chest burned as i ran , but not with hunger . 
 it burned with a hopeless sadness that felt like acid , eating away at my heart . 
 this was going to be my life for al eternity . 
 and the only good thing about that eternity was no longer a certainty . 
 it was a very real possibility that i would end up spending the rest of my long , long life alone , without bo . 
 the wind blew across my cheeks , drying the wet tracks of bitter tears . 
 why was it that we just could n't seem to get a break , bo and i ? 
 one day it seemed that fate was on our side , the next it seemed she was playing hardbal against us . 
 i had no idea where i was going , but apparently my nose and my legs had taken control of the situation and guided me back to the car . 
 fishing out the keys bo had handed back to me upon our arrival , i slid quickly behind the wheel and started the engine . 
 i spared only a moment 's hesitation before i shifted into drive and steered the car onto the road , leaving bo in the woods behind me . 
 chapter three as i drove , i pondered the best course of action . 
 of al the bad ideas that were my choices , i felt like going home and locking myself in my room was probably the only viable one . 
 i told myself that if i started to feel extreme thirst coming on , i would just leave . 
 get the heck out of dodge . 
 but at least with that option , i could make an appearance at home , so as not to arouse any undue suspicion . 
 besides , i might not even run into mom . 
 she might stil be drinking , but even if she was n't , she 'd likely be passed out in bed . 
 al in al , i felt pretty good about my chances . 
 when i pul ed into the driveway , i sat in the car for a few minutes , reassessing the situation . 
 i did n't want to make a mistake . 
 blunders at that point could be very costly , if not outright deadly . 
 no other car in the drive meant that mom was n't home , which was good in a way . 
 i could get into my room and lock myself away before she got there . 
 then maybe when she came in , she 'd bypass me completely as she so often did . 
 i could only hope . 
 after letting myself into the house , i closed the door behind me and stopped in the foyer . 
 it was as if i was observing my home for the first time . 
 the unique smel that had always made the structure feel like a sanctuary was there . 
 it was strong and soothing in a way i 'd never noticed . 
 but beyond that was a plethora of other scents that i 'd never been able to pick up on before . 
 i could plainly smel alcohol . 
 very plainly . 
 i could also smel a sour odor , reminding me that the trash probably needed to be taken out . 
 i smel ed hints of dad 's cologne and mom 's perfume , but there was another fragrance . 
 this one i could detect much more strongly now that i was a vampire . 
 it was the smel of my dead sister 's perfume . 
 over the more than three years since her death , izzy 's scent had al but faded from her room and her belongings . 
 but now i could smel it as if she 'd been gone only days rather than years . 
 with a smile , i closed my eyes and inhaled deeply . 
 maybe there real y were a few upsides to this whole vampire thing . 
 as i made my way back to my room , i began to feel a strange weariness come over me . 
 i assumed that since i would no longer feel fatigue in the same way that this was how i 'd experience being tired or emotional y drained . 
 more than sleep , however , i felt like i needed a shower . 
 i headed straight to the bathroom . 
 i turned on the shower to let the water warm while i gathered clean clothes . 
 i thought it best to stay ful y clothed rather than put on pajamas , just in case i needed to flee . 
 i closed and locked my bedroom door and opened the window so that i could smel the fresh night air rather than the myriad bothersome scents saturating the air of the house . 
 after shedding my blood-splattered clothes and burying them in the bottom of the hamper , i grateful y stepped beneath the hot spray of the shower . 
 bathing turned out to be yet another new experience . 
 i 'd never noticed the way the jets of water stimulated different nerve bundles beneath my skin . 
 i 'd never noticed the way the smel of chlorine hung in the air . 
 i 'd never noticed the different berry notes in my shampoo . 
 i 'd never been able to see each tiny water droplet that drifted in the steam . 
 i do n't know exactly how long i marveled over the spray of the water and the feel of it on my skin before i actual y began to bathe . 
 long enough that i knew my body was impervious to scalding temperatures . 
 long enough that i knew that time no longer meant the same thing as it had that morning . 
 long enough that i knew i could not wash or rinse away the events of the day . 
 final y-reluctantly-i made myself turn off the water and get out of the shower . 
 i tried not to get too wrapped up in the phenomenon of toweling off , but it was n't easy . 
 it seemed as though the rasp of the towel could be heard in the next room and felt al the way to my bones . 
 it was a very perplexing and absorbing experience . 
 i did n't understand how sensation could be so dramatical y heightened yet pain be so dramatical y dul ed . 
 it was a paradox for sure , but one about which i would not complain . 
 i would simply be grateful . 
 i 'd gotten dressed and was running a comb through my tangled hair when an amazing scent fil ed my nostrils . 
 it seemed as though , for a moment , it held me completely captive . 
 i stood in the bathroom with my feet glued to the floor . 
 but for the deep breathing-my body 's instinctive efforts to pul the delicious aroma into my mouth and lungs-i did n't move a muscle . 
 as if i 'd touched the tip of my tongue to something decadent , my mouth was fil ed with the barest hint of ambrosia . 
 that trace , however , was al it took for my senses to converge on the source with an al - consuming , pin-point focus . 
 with a mind-blowing speed and a frightening intensity , hunger stole over me . 
 it was so powerful i was unable to fight it . 
 i could think of nothing else , nothing but sinking my teeth into whatever carried that scent and draining it until there was n't a drop left . 
 i did n't care that it would inevitably mean death for the human or that there might be fear or tears or pain on the other person 's behalf . 
 i only cared about quenching the thirst , the overwhelming , painful y potent need . 
 before i could identify what it was or even give it a second thought , i was on my way out of the bathroom and headed toward my bedroom door . 
 a voice gave me pause . 
 it lasted for only a fraction of a second , but that was al it took to save her life . 
 it was my mother . 
 `` ridley , i 'm home . 
 how did it go at sebastian 's ? '' 
 in the deepest part of my brain , i recognized her and it registered that i did n't want to hurt her . 
 that 's the thought that stopped my feet from moving forward . 
 my only truly coherent notion was that her blood was not saturated with alcohol . 
 on some level , i was both surprised and confused . 
 unfortunately , those emotions were n't strong enough to dul the intense yearning i had for her unpol uted blood . 
 my body did n't care that she was my mother . 
 my body did n't care that my heart did n't want to hurt her . 
 my body only felt , and at that time , one feeling ruled al - thirst . 
 as i was reaching for the door knob , ready to remove the only obstacle between me and my prey , another scent caught my attention and dragged it away from the door . 
 i whirled around to find bo standing inside my room , right in front of the window . 
 in a movement that would be too fast for human eyes to track , bo crossed the room to me and took me in his arms . 
 quickly , he whisked me back into the bathroom and slammed the door shut . 
 never taking his eyes off me , bo reached behind him and turned on the shower spray . 
 my mind was spinning with vague thoughts and hazy sensations , but none of them could compete with my need . 
 they were slave to that one thing that was infinitely more control ing and dominant than al else . 
 thirst . 
 bo stepped closer to me , his eyes bubbling black pools of excited anticipation . 
 `` mr. hearst , '' he whispered and then he gave me his throat . 
 without hesitation , i drove my fingers into his hair and my teeth into his neck . 
 with the slight pop of penetration , blood began to gush from his artery into my mouth , bathing my tongue in the thick luscious liquid . 
 bo panted in my ear as he wrapped his arms around me , his hands roving my body from shoulder to hip and back again . 
 as his fingers teased my skin , his blood satiated my thirst . 
 but as one fire waned , another was kindled . 
 it gathered into a storm of white hot flames that licked their way along my veins and burned inside my core . 
 as if sensing the new direction my body was taking , bo slid his palms down the backs of my thighs and he lifted until my legs were wrapped securely around his waist . 
 in three long steps , he had my back pressed against the cool wood of the door . 
 bo leaned into me , his hips grinding into mine . 
 when i tore my mouth from his throat , our lips col ided with a passion that i feared would incinerate us both . 
 his tongue lapped up the residue of his own blood where it coated the inside of my mouth and i felt an explosive heat rising inside me , pouring through me to pool where our bodies met between my legs . 
 knock , knock , knock . 
 `` ridley , i 'm home , '' my mother 's voice cal ed from behind the door across the room , the door that led to izzy 's bedroom . 
 bo stil ed against me , turning his head away from mine so that i could quietly draw a huge gulp of air into my burning lungs . 
 it was saturated with the scent of my mother 's blood , but it no longer affected me like it had only minutes before . 
 bo had seen to that . 
 once again , he 'd swept in to save the day . 
 bo leaned back to look at me , desire stil burning in his eyes , hot and smoky . 
 he released his hold on me and let my legs fal slowly down the outsides of his thighs until my feet touched the floor . 
 i could tel that he was as shaken as i was . 
 it was becoming apparent that we were going to have a difficult time keeping our hands off each other , even more so now that i was a vampire . 
 bo had never told me that there were other pleasures associated with drinking blood . 
 `` ridley ? 
 can you hear me ? '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` yeah , mom , i can hear you . '' 
 `` how did it go at sebastian 's ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` did he ask you back again ? 
 to sit for him , i mean ? '' 
 `` um , we did n't real y talk about it , but i 'm sure i ' l end up going back over there . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'd hate for you to mess up an opportunity like that . '' 
 his face stil inches from mine , bo grinned . 
 my knees turned to mush and i smiled in return . 
 oh , how i loved him ! 
 `` i wo n't mess it up , mom . '' 
 `` alright . 
 i 'm going to bed . '' 
 `` g'night . '' 
 `` night . '' 
 i listened as she walked through izzy 's room toward the door that led out into the hal . 
 a little pang of sadness stabbed at my heart when i heard her pause . 
 i imagined that she was looking around the room , painful y remembering her other daughter for the mil ionth time . 
 final y , she moved on , her footsteps fading as she made her way down the hal to her own bedroom . 
 that needle of reality punctured the bal oon of passion bo and i had occupied , leaving me feeling morose and deflated . 
 i was stil staring at the other bathroom door when bo raised his fingers to my forehead . 
 he rubbed them soothingly across the deep frown i could feel crouching between my brows . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we ' l figure this out , '' he whispered , as if he could somehow sense what was plaguing me . 
 in his eyes was love and assurance . 
 `` she ca n't lose another daughter . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` but obviously my being here is out of the question , at least for a while . '' 
 `` maybe you could ` house sit ' for sebastian . 
 skip school the next couple of days and see how the weekend goes . 
 it will get easier . 
 i promise . '' 
 i tried to smile , but i knew that it was a weak attempt . 
 truthful y , his idea did seem like a stroke of genius and i did appreciate it , but i think we both knew my enthusiasm was sub-par at the moment . 
 bo drew me gently into his arms and held me-held me until the bathroom was ful of steam , held me until the tremors i had n't even been aware of had stopped , held me until some smal amount of peace had made its way back into my heart . 
 when it seemed a respectable amount of time had passed , he released me and stepped back to turn off the shower . 
 `` why do n't you pack a bag and we ' l take it over to sebastian 's tonight . 
 we can come back for your car later , after you cal your mom and tel her that you ' l be staying at sebastian 's . 
 sound good ? '' 
 i nodded and we exited the bathroom . 
 bo sat on the bed while i rifled through my closet . 
 my head was clear enough of the dark cloud of thirst to al ow the thousands of worries that beleaguered me to swarm my mind al at once . 
 as i packed my things , it seemed one concern kept floating to the top , much more often than the others . 
 `` bo , can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` anything , '' he said without a second 's hesitation . 
 `` i assume we ' l be staying at sebastian 's together , right ? '' 
 i busied myself with folding jeans into my bag , but i knew my cheeks were probably bright red . 
 if a vampire could blush , that is . 
 that 's something i 'd have to investigate later . 
 `` of course . 
 i 'm not leaving your side . '' 
 i fought off the urge to go throw myself into his arms for that comment . 
 i knew i needed to keep a safe distance when addressing this subject . 
 `` you know i love you , right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and you make me feel ... wel ... i real y want ... '' `` i know , '' bo supplied , saving me from further embarrassment . 
 `` i do n't want you to think that i do n't want - but we ca n't - '' `` ridley , '' bo said as he slid off the bed and crossed the room to me . 
 when i did n't raise my head , he put a finger beneath my chin and lifted . 
 `` we should wait . 
 you have other things to worry about . 
 do n't give it a second thought . '' 
 his eyes said so much as they absorbed me into their depths . 
 he knew that i was concerned about our physical relationship getting out of hand and he understood . 
 i should 've known he would , but it was a relief to me nonetheless . 
 bo brushed his lips across mine , causing my body to react instantly . 
 i 'm sure he could smel my heated blood . 
 he smiled widely , almost as if he 'd done it on purpose . 
 `` i never said it would be easy , though . '' 
 that devil . 
 chapter four i laughed nervously , excitedly . 
 `` no , it wo n't be easy . '' 
 i felt a little more comfortable after that tension-breaking laugh . 
 i finished packing my bag and closed the window , and then we both crept to the door to listen closely for signs of mom stirring around . 
 when the sounds of her soft snoring drifted through the house to our ears , bo and i made our hasty and silent exit through the front door , locking it safely behind us . 
 i did n't want anybody sneaking in on mom , after al . 
 as we crossed the yard , bo slipped the strap of my bag off my shoulder and i saw his lips twitch with the barest hint of a grin . 
 `` i ' l carry the bag and give you a head start . 
 first one to the house wins , '' he taunted . 
 `` wins what ? '' 
 `` you do n't need to worry about that since you 're not gon na win . '' 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 before he could even answer , i took off like a shot , opening up to the power i could feel simmering just beneath the surface in my altered body . 
 i darted across yards and streets , dodging trees and dogs as easily as if it was broad daylight . 
 i leapt over fences and flew around swimming pools as graceful y as if i had wings . 
 i moved between shadows as if i 'd suddenly become part of them . 
 in a way , i guess i had . 
 i was a creature of the night now . 
 darkness was my new comfort zone . 
 as i ran swiftly and effortlessly down the long street that led to sebastian 's , i reveled in the feel of the wind whipping my hair and kissing my cheeks . 
 in that moment , i 'd never felt more free , never felt more carefree . 
 i was barely even aware of the squeal of delight that erupted from my bursting chest until a tiny sound teased my ears . 
 it was an answering chuckle , one that i recognized . 
 it was bo and he was gaining on me . 
 i pushed my legs as hard as i could , but it was no use . 
 bo was fast ! 
 i felt the brush of something against my cheek . 
 somehow , bo managed to give me a feather-light kiss as he whizzed past me . 
 it was as if i was hardly moving . 
 when i reached the front steps at sebastian 's , bo was standing on the stoop , leaning up against the house beside the front door , arms and ankles crossed . 
 `` not bad for your first time , '' he said cockily . 
 `` i think you cheat , '' i announced , mounting the steps . 
 `` how did i cheat ? 
 you left before me , remember ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but i 'm pretty sure you did . '' 
 `` you 're just a sore loser , '' he kidded with a grin , reaching out to wind one arm around my waist . 
 `` maybe you put a spel on me . 
 maybe you 're a vampire and a warlock . '' 
 `` a spel ? 
 what kind of spel ? '' 
 bo 's voice dropped to a silky purr and his eyes dropped to my lips . 
 `` some kind of love spel . '' 
 `` why ? 
 were you thinking about things other than running ? '' 
 the air felt suddenly thicker and sweeter . 
 much sweeter . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` maybe ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 maybe . '' 
 `` wel then maybe i need to do a better job with my potion next time . '' 
 `` potion ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's a delicious cocktail that i brew up just for you . '' 
 bo leaned in , his lips only a couple of inches from mine . 
 `` delicious ? '' 
 i was mesmerized , tantalized . 
 `` mmm , '' he murmured as he traced my bottom lip with his tongue . 
 `` want a taste ? '' 
 al i could manage was a tiny nod . 
 slowly , excruciatingly slowly , bo lowered his mouth to mine . 
 he teased my lips apart by rubbing his gently back and forth across them . 
 i was breathless with anticipation as i waited for him to deepen the kiss . 
 but he did n't . 
 instead , bo straightened . 
 `` maybe i ' l just save that for another time . 
 i think you 've had enough potions for one day , '' he said cheerful y. despite his casual attitude , i could sense the desire in him . 
 he 'd reacted to me as intensely and as immediately as i had to him . 
 i could smel it . 
 i could feel it . 
 `` you suck , '' i muttered , stil in the throes of his attentions . 
 bo laughed , a deep rich sound that sent a shiver racing through me . 
 `` maybe later . '' 
 with that , he took my hand in his and we walked through sebastian 's unlocked front door . 
 even though we 'd only left there a short time ago , walking into sebastian 's house was like participating in an exercise of suspended disbelief . 
 it was surreal to think of the events that had transpired there and the truths that had been uncovered inside the four wal s of the structure . 
 i stopped in the foyer to look around . 
 though i 'd been inside the house more than once and walked its hal s for hours , it stil felt as though i was stepping into it for the first time . 
 maybe it was because i had n't real y known sebastian at al . 
 maybe it was because so much had happened in the rooms above my head . 
 maybe it was the nearly-imperceptible ghost of darkness and malice that greeted me at the door . 
 whatever the reason , i was immediately uncomfortable . 
 `` are you sure this is a good idea ? '' 
 bo was tugging me slowly forward , taking in the gorgeous details of the house as he went , seemingly unconcerned . 
 `` he wo n't be back . 
 he showed his hand earlier . 
 right now , he 's got nothing , which puts us on equal footing . 
 we just have to be the ones to find a way first . '' 
 `` a way to what ? '' 
 `` to kil him before he kil s one of us . '' 
 `` but you 're the boy who ca n't be kil ed . 
 it 's impossible for him to kil you , right ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 maybe not . '' 
 `` but i thought - '' `` i know that 's supposed to be the case , but something makes me think that he 's found some sort of loophole . '' 
 i thought of lucius talking about the letter iofiel , constantine/sebastian 's wife , had supposedly sent him . 
 it was suggested that she 'd found some way for sebastian to kil bo if he could manage to stay alive long enough . 
 the problem was , even if that were true , we had no idea what was involved in such a feat . 
 therefore , we had no way to defend against an attack . 
 `` since al this legendary stuff is obviously true , that means that you should be able to read something important on my skin , right ? '' 
 bo 's eyes slid to me for a fraction of a second before darting away again . 
 `` supposedly . '' 
 `` wel , have you been able to see anything on me ? 
 ever ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' he answered without looking at me . 
 though i had no reason to think he would lie to me , no reason for him to even try , i got the unshakable feeling that he was n't being entirely truthful . 
 `` bo , if you know something , tel me . '' 
 `` i do n't know that i do . 
 it 's just something i. . . 
 suspect . '' 
 `` and ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 bo paused in his perusal of sebastian 's house to look at me . 
 `` those couple of times that you got upset , you know when i was fighting lars and when sebastian was staking me ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` wel , i thought i could almost see something , but it 's like your body just was n't capable of ... handling it i guess . 
 like it literal y cracked under the pressure of it . '' 
 `` what do you think that means ? '' 
 bo shrugged , resuming our walk down the hal . 
 `` just makes me wonder if it wil be different now that you 're a vampire . 
 that 's al . '' 
 that one postulation gave me so much to think about , i had to abandon the theory entirely just to concentrate on what bo was saying . 
 i 'd have to pick it back up later . 
 `` who 's room was this ? '' 
 we had reached the end of the long hal that held both lil y and sebastian 's rooms , a hal which , at first glance , appeared to dead end . 
 however , that was not the case . 
 the hal extended a ways past sebastian 's room , at which point it looked as if it stopped . 
 i 'd never explored it that far , never realized there was anything down there . 
 but there was . 
 there was a darkness on the left side of the hal , against the wal , that looked like a shadow upon casual inspection . 
 but it was n't . 
 it was a short hal way that jutted to the left , just off the main hal . 
 at the end of it was a bedroom . 
 bo stopped in front of the open door . 
 at first glance , it appeared to be a fairly dark and sterile entrance to a tiny bedroom . 
 only that was just as deceptive as the way the architecture concealed the smal hal way . 
 once bo and i stepped four or five feet into the gloomy interior , the room spread out before us in a suite that was easily discernible as the master quarters . 
 though i 'd never been inside sebastian 's room , i did n't think it was possible that his space could be as large and grandiose as this one , not with it being situated between this room and lil y 's . 
 the ceilings were high , as they were in the rest of the house , and the floors were covered in rich wood planks polished to a gleaming shine . 
 centered atop an enormous , plush oriental rug was an oversized bed with two ornately-carved posts at each of its four corners . 
 a deep red velvet duvet covered the thick mattress and dozens of decorative pil ows were piled at its head . 
 there were no windows in the room , a fact that i found very peculiar , yet there were matching velvet curtains hanging on the wal as if they were framing two openings . 
 only they were n't . 
 although the room was richly appointed , by most standards i think it would 've been described as creepy . 
 for some reason , though , it did n't bother me . 
 in fact , as i walked around the large space , trailing my fingertips along the top of the dresser and tracing the carved footboard of the bed , i felt oddly comforted . 
 it made no sense and i would 've felt sil y trying to explain it to someone , but it was true nonetheless . 
 `` hel-lo ? 
 ridley ? '' 
 bo 's voice penetrated my otherwise-engaged mind and i jerked around . 
 he was stil standing at the door and , by the look on his face , he 'd been speaking to me for some time and getting no response . 
 `` what did you say ? 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i was asking you about who al lived here . 
 whose room was this ? '' 
 `` oh , um , i do n't know . 
 sebastian 's was beside lil y 's . 
 i did n't even know that this room was down here . '' 
 `` and it was just the two of them ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah , '' i answered , but then caught myself . 
 `` i mean , no . 
 there was a housekeeper , but i 'm sure she did n't have a room this nice . 
 this looks like the master , does n't it ? '' 
 `` why would n't sebastian stay in this room then ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said distractedly , now wondering the same thing . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's get - '' `` i think i ' l keep my stuff in this room , '' i announced . 
 bo frowned , but did n't argue . 
 `` alright . 
 i ' l take ... one of the others . '' 
 `` i 've always wondered , '' i began , crossing the room to take my bag from bo 's shoulder , `` where you 've been keeping your clothes . '' 
 `` i final y got some of my stuff from mo-from my old place . 
 lucius let me keep a few things at his cabin . '' 
 i sat my bag on the bed and went back to wrap my arms around bo 's neck , feeling a burst of empathy for how displaced he must feel . 
 `` wel , since sebastian wo n't be needing this place anymore , you can take it over . '' 
 bo 's lips stretched into a thin smile that did n't reach his eyes . 
 `` we ' l see , '' he said , placing a quick kiss on my lips and taking my hand . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's go do something fun . '' 
 `` i do n't want to rain on your parade , but it 's been kind of the day from hel . 
 would you mind if we just stayed here and relaxed for a while ? '' 
 bo tilted his head as he considered me , a lopsided grin bringing out the dimple in his left cheek . 
 `` of course not , '' he said , raising my hand to his lips . 
 `` anything for you . 
 you know that . '' 
 with that , bo led me from the back bedroom . 
 for our period of relaxation , we settled on watching a comedy on sebastian 's huge television . 
 we sat on the couch-bo 's arm draped around my shoulder , my head on his chest-just like any other teenage couple in the world might . 
 only we were anything but normal . 
 we were vampires and we had a job to do . 
 somehow , in the coming days , we had to find a way to kil an angel . 
 and that was no simple task . 
 despite our terrible circumstance , we were able to laugh at the outrageous comedy in the movie . 
 it felt good to share something so mundane , something so normal with bo . 
 most of the time it felt as though our relationship had seen nothing but struggle and strife , and it appeared that the immediate future would be no different . 
 it was during that peaceful time that i decided we had better take our fun , take our `` normal '' wherever we could get it . 
 when the credits of the second movie rol ed up over the screen , i saw that the sky was lightening to a bright royal blue in preparation for the appearance of the sun . 
 `` what time does your mom leave for work ? '' 
 `` usual y about 7:30 . 
 why ? '' 
 `` wel , i 'm thinking maybe we ought to go get your car and you can cal her in a while and tel her about housesitting . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` on the way , we can swing by and see lucius , pick up my stuff . '' 
 `` sounds like a plan . '' 
 `` alright , let 's go . '' 
 with that , bo got up , pul ed me to my feet and we took off like two blurs through the pre-dawn streets of harker . 
 we made our trip to the forest a game . 
 this time , however , rather than a contest to see who was fastest , bo showed me a little more about my new body through tests of strength and agility . 
 as we made our way through town , bo took me jumping from rooftop to rooftop , leaping over cars and vans , darting past a group of drunks outside a club and , final y , barreling through trees in the forest . 
 when we were almost half way to lucius 's cabin , bo slowed down . 
 `` there 's something else i want to show you , something about your strength , '' he said , coming to a stop about a foot from me . 
 `` hit me . '' 
 `` what ? 
 i wil not . '' 
 `` seriously . 
 hit me . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what if i - '' `` do n't think , ridley . 
 just hit me . '' 
 i bal ed up my fist and punched at bo 's arm . 
 he did n't even flinch , did n't budge . 
 `` see how that feels ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it feels just like it always has , not that i 've punched many people . '' 
 `` that 's because your strength is the one thing you have to be purposeful about . 
 jumping high , running fast , hearing better , seeing better-those al come a little more effortlessly , but with strength , you have to focus . '' 
 i nodded , not real y understanding a word he was saying . 
 `` hit me again , but this time , think about moving me . 
 think about pushing al your energy through your arm to your fist . '' 
 `` what is this ` learning vampire , zen style ' ? '' 
 bo rol ed his eyes . 
 `` just do it . '' 
 this time , i did as bo asked and actual y felt myself going through the motion of punching him and , this time , it moved him . 
 not much , but it did at least move him . 
 `` better . 
 now again , but real y feel it . '' 
 i repeated the process , concentrating on the feel of the muscles in my hand clenching as i curled my fingers into a fist , on the feel of power rippling from my shoulder , down my arm and out through my knuckles . 
 and this time when i struck bo , it staggered him . 
 `` good , '' he said . 
 `` of course , that was with me not resisting at al , but stil , you get the point . 
 now i want you to try to throw me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` pick me up and throw me . '' 
 `` how ? 
 i mean - '' `` just imagine i 'm real y light , light as air , and feel that strength flowing through you . 
 then just pick me up and toss me , like it 's no big deal . '' 
 i found that i was n't particularly fond of this exercise . 
 i knew that bo was trying to teach me things that i would undoubtedly need to know , but i stil did n't like practicing to fight and hurt people . 
 bo must have sensed my hesitation . 
 `` let 's try this . 
 how about you imagine that heather is the only thing that 's standing between you and lil y and you have to move her or lil y dies . '' 
 my heart stuttered at the thought . 
 `` bo , that 's not funny . '' 
 his face was straight and sober . 
 `` i was n't trying to be funny . 
 ridley , this is serious . 
 you have to learn how to protect yourself . 
 if something happens to me - '' `` do n't even say that ! '' 
 i interrupted sharply . 
 `` ridley , we have to be realistic about al this . 
 sebastian is not some average joe that 's holding a grudge . 
 he 's extremely powerful and extremely deadly . 
 he obviously thinks he knows something that we do n't , and we have to acknowledge the fact that he just might . 
 i want to know that if something happens you can get away and , if you ca n't , that you can defend yourself . '' 
 `` bo , if that - '' `` just humor me . 
 please . 
 just for a little while . '' 
 there was something in his voice that gave me pause , something that said this was very important to him , important yet painful , and that i was only exacerbating matters . 
 `` okay , '' i agreed after a couple more seconds of consideration . 
 `` i ' l try . '' 
 `` alright , so give it your best shot . '' 
 halfheartedly , i approached bo and grabbed him by his upper arms . 
 when i bent my knees and lifted as if to throw him , i found that it was like trying to move a boulder or a hundred-foot tree-impossible . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` yes , you can . '' 
 `` but you 're resisting . '' 
 `` yes , but only a little . 
 you should be able to move me easily . 
 now try again , but focus , ridley . 
 focus . '' 
 taking a step back , i looked at bo . 
 i reminded myself that i was a vampire now . 
 strong by nature , strong by wil . 
 i also reminded myself that bo was very resilient , very difficult to hurt , just like i was now . 
 he just wanted to know that i could do it . 
 he was worried and the least i could do was put his mind at ease . 
 i felt like there was so little i could do to help him , i was wil ing to latch onto this with both hands . 
 plus , showing him that i could do it would probably eliminate the need for any more of these exercises . 
 sucking in a quick breath through my pursed lips , i stepped into bo and brought my hands to his muscular arms in one smooth motion . 
 then , with al the strength i knew i possessed , i pitched him high into the air . 
 the loud snap of breaking branches pierced the night air , bo 's body taking out several tree limbs as he passed . 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 although i would never want to hurt bo , under control ed circumstances throwing him around like a ragdol was somehow very satisfying . 
 i felt like a super woman final y coming into her powers . 
 my sensitive ears picked up on the tiniest disturbance in the acoustics to my left , but by the time it registered , it was too late . 
 arms like steel bands wrapped around me from behind and then i was being carried away . 
 chapter five before any real alarm could set in -lrb- past the initial shock of being grabbed , that is -rrb- , a honeysuckle scent teased my nose and i knew immediately who held me . 
 i had no doubts the bold irishman would think a prank like this was funny , but i had no intention of letting lucius have the last laugh . 
 as he quickly made off with me , weaving between trees , i let my body go completely limp . 
 as i suspected he would , lucius came to a rapid stop and loosed his hold on me . 
 his mistake , however , was in shifting my body to the ground to see if i was alright . 
 the last thing i saw in his worried green eyes was surprise when i jumped up and planted both feet right in the center of his chest and kicked off . 
 i pushed out through my legs as if i was kicking at a train . 
 even without seeing lucius soaring through the air , i knew that i had tapped into my new strength . 
 i felt it in my legs , in my gut . 
 i felt that power surge through me and flow from me like a concussion grenade , flattening and devastating everything in its path . 
 i 'd caught lucius off guard by my impromptu attack . 
 i heard the air leave his lungs in a whoosh as i sent him flying backward to land hard against the thick trunk of a huge maple tree . 
 of course he was fine . 
 he landed on his feet and was standing in front of the tree smiling at me within a fraction of a second . 
 i heard a chuckle at my back and i could n't help but grin . 
 `` she 's a quick learner , huh , lucius ? '' 
 lucius snorted . 
 `` i ' l say . 
 you surprised the shite outta me , lass . '' 
 `` and what do you think you did to me ? '' 
 `` wel , i thought at first to play with young bo , but as it turns out , you 've seen some changes since our last meeting . 
 looks like i ended up on the receiving end of that . '' 
 lucius turned his attention to bo , who 'd come to stand at my side . 
 `` this one 's got claws , does n't she ? '' 
 the light of pride shone in bo 's smile . 
 `` yes , she does . '' 
 i felt as if i was beaming like the noonday sun over his appreciation . 
 `` so , to what do i owe this pleasure ? 
 might you have been in search of me ? '' 
 `` as a matter of fact we were , '' bo admitted . 
 `` wel then , let 's go back to the cabin for a drink , shal we ? '' 
 lucius led us back to his deceptively smal home in the woods . 
 he moved quickly and graceful y , his dark red ponytail barely even bobbing as he ran . 
 once there , he led us through the smal interior to a door i 'd been through on several occasions . 
 descending the long , narrow staircase on the other side of the door was like going down the rabbit hole and emerging in another world , in another time . 
 beneath the unassuming surface floor of the cabin was an opulent hideaway that looked more like an english drawing room than a basement , which is technical y what it was . 
 i suppose people in need of a luxurious fal - out shelter would be jealous . 
 bo and i took a seat on one of the couches that faced the fireplace as lucius puttered around behind us , appearing a few seconds later with two glasses fil ed with thick red liquid . 
 he went back for his own then returned to join us , sliding into an armchair across from us . 
 when he was settled , lucius held up his glass in a silent cheers ! 
 gesture and he and bo both took a sip of their blood . 
 although the thoughts of blood made me thirsty to the point of discomfort , the smel of the animal fluid turned my stomach for some reason . 
 i recognized the scent , knew that it came from a deer , and that was al it took to ruin my `` appetite . '' 
 i held my glass , turning the tumbler nervously against my palm . 
 `` is something wrong , lass ? '' 
 whether or not my cheeks actual y got red , i stil did n't know , but they burned as if i was blushing . 
 `` uh , i , uh ... '' i looked helplessly to bo , who jumped in to save me . 
 `` she has n't yet become accustomed to drinking animal blood . 
 she 's not even been turned a ful day yet , so we 're just taking it slow . '' 
 lucius 's brow wrinkled in a frown and he looked meaningful y at bo . 
 they seemed to share a moment of understanding , understanding that eluded me , but it passed quickly . 
 bo 's eyes returned to me and he smiled a mischievous grin that made my stomach feel twitchy . 
 `` she drinks it from me just fine , though . '' 
 lucius threw back his head and roared , evidently finding bo 's admission extremely amusing . 
 `` and i 'm sure you hate every minute of that . '' 
 bo 's smile widened , revealing his row of perfect white teeth . 
 even as i watched , his canines dropped a few mil imeters before receding once more . 
 a little zing of electricity arced between us , making me feel uncomfortably warm in places i 'd rather not feel warm in the presence of company . 
 quickly , i turned my attention back to lucius . 
 `` we 're going to stay at sebastian 's house for a few days until i can get ... this , '' i said , indicating my body , `` under control . '' 
 `` ah , '' lucius said , winking at bo . 
 `` that sounds cozy . '' 
 `` i dropped by to pick up a few things . '' 
 `` right , right . 
 everything you left is stil upstairs in that closet . '' 
 `` thanks , '' bo said . 
 `` so , tel me how it al worked out that our fair ridley here is now one of us , '' lucius asked casual y , conversational y. `` wel , there 's not much to tel . 
 you were right . 
 i 'm the boy who ca n't be kil ed . 
 turns out constantine is my father and he 's very much alive . 
 heather is the mother of a friend of ours , savannah . 
 the two of them pretty much stole ridley 's niece from the womb when her sister died and there 's some kind of plot to kil me . '' 
 lucius quietly digested what bo had said for a long minute before he responded in typical lucius style . 
 `` wel , now you know . 
 what do you plan to do about it ? '' 
 `` actual y , i could probably use your help with that . 
 sebast-uh , i mean constantine mentioned that iofiel had found out some very valuable information . 
 i think it might have something to do with her finding a loophole , with her discovering a way to kil me . '' 
 `` ah , '' lucius exclaimed . 
 `` so the letter does exist . '' 
 `` the letter ? '' 
 `` supposedly , iofiel wrote a letter to her love , a letter that detailed a method she 'd learned of or overheard in heaven . 
 no one seems to know for sure , but legend says that she wrote her findings in a love letter and went to great lengths to have it delivered to her mate . '' 
 `` and what , exactly , did the letter say ? '' 
 lucius shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm not sure anyone does . 
 to be honest , i 'd never real y put much stock in al this , thinking it was nothing more than legend and myth . 
 but now ... '' `` so if we could find this letter , or find out what 's in it , we might be able to put a kink in his plans . '' 
 `` i would imagine that 's entirely possible . 
 the question is : how do you get your hands on that letter ? '' 
 bo 's brow puckered as he considered his dilemma . 
 he said nothing for several long seconds . 
 `` that , my friend , is the mil ion dol ar question . '' 
 after another thoughtful silence , bo and lucius chatted a bit more , bo drank my deer blood down and then made our excuses to leave . 
 `` we 're on our way to ridley 's house . 
 i 'm just going to pick up a few things if you do n't mind . '' 
 `` of course not , lad . 
 they 're your things , after al . '' 
 we al ascended the steps that brought us back up to ground level . 
 bo took a left and walked into the tiny bedroom area that sat off the back of the modest living room . 
 when he returned , he carried a smal duffel bag . 
 `` thanks for everything , lucius , '' bo said , extending his hand to his friend . 
 `` think nothing of it . 
 a little excitement keeps a vampire young , '' lucius said , sending a wink of his jewel green eye in my direction . 
 `` let me know if i can help . '' 
 `` wil do , man . '' 
 `` and sweet ridley , '' lucius cooed , taking my hand and pressing his lips to the backs of my fingers . 
 `` now you ' l be beautiful for al eternity . 
 i look forward to a long , long friendship . '' 
 i said nothing , just simply smiled . 
 there was such blatant appreciation in his eyes , i felt my cheeks warm again . 
 i was real y going to have to look into the blushing ability of vampires . 
 `` hands off , old man . 
 she 's taken , '' bo said playful y as he slung a possessive arm over my shoulders . 
 lucius grinned widely , his eyes twinkling with mischief . 
 `` be happy you got to her first , young bo . 
 i might 've had to turn on the charm for this one . '' 
 i had to grin . 
 i could n't imagine how lucius could be any more charming . 
 i 'm sure if it was possible , though , he 'd be absolutely devastating . 
 bo just smiled at lucius , but i thought it seemed a bit of a forced gesture . 
 i could n't help but wonder if he was no longer enjoying lucius 's ribbing . 
 the thought of bo feeling jealous over me warmed me through and through . 
 `` see you around , lucius , '' bo said casual y , if a bit sharply , as we left . 
 lucius , ever the devilish one , must 've felt the need to get one more rub in . 
 `` who knows ? 
 maybe i ' l come to town for a visit , check in on our newest member . '' 
 bo said nothing as we walked away , so lucius shouted out , `` bye , ridley . '' 
 i could n't help but smile at his brashness . 
 i turned back to lucius , threw my arm up in farewel and then let bo lead me deep into the woods . 
 we walked back toward the road in silence . 
 i was pretty sure bo was pouting and i had to smother my grin . 
 it did n't take me long , however , to forget about his pique and become quickly absorbed in my surroundings . 
 the forest was awakening . 
 branches creaked in their early morning yawns . 
 narrow pink and orange rays of sun cut through the canopy and shed their colorful light on the forest floor . 
 tiny winged insects danced in the bright shafts , anxious to be a part of the beauty . 
 smal creatures scurried about on the ground , rustling in the scattered debris . 
 dew drops glistened like diamonds on fal en leaves and the heat of the dawning sun warmed the soil , releasing its earthy aroma into the air . 
 i was certain i 'd never seen anything more lovely . 
 unwittingly , i had stopped to look around . 
 i raised my face to the fiery sunrise , closing my sensitive eyes and letting the warmth bathe my skin . 
 after a ful , wonderful minute had passed , i lowered my head and opened my eyes . 
 bo was watching me . 
 i smiled . 
 `` i 've never seen anything more beautiful , '' i declared . 
 `` i was just thinking the same thing . '' 
 again , it felt as though blood flooded my cheeks , spreading across my face and down my neck and chest . 
 an uncomfortable laugh swel ed in my throat , but it died when i fel into bo 's velvety eyes . 
 `` you 're like a fire in my soul , '' bo said softly , his voice as quiet and reverent as the forest to the sun . 
 `` i love you so much it almost hurts . '' 
 `` it 's no more than my love for you , '' i replied in a whisper , barely able to find my voice . 
 bo reached toward my face , trailing the backs of his fingers from my cheekbone to my chin . 
 `` there 's nothing i would n't do for you , ridley . 
 absolutely nothing , '' he vowed , the sincerity in his eyes driving the truth of his words into my heart like a hammer . 
 `` i know . '' 
 bo bent his head and pressed the sweetest of kisses to my lips before he took my hand and urged me forward . 
 `` come on . 
 we need to get going . '' 
 it seemed as though my feet did n't touch the ground for the rest of our walk through the woods . 
 i glided on the cloud of bo 's confession , his heartfelt admission enough to nearly give me wings . 
 we darted and flitted our way through town to my house , making sure to stay in the lingering shadows as much as possible to avoid detection . 
 i doubted human eyes could 've tracked us , but i knew we were better safe than sorry . 
 i unlocked my car and shifted into neutral so that bo and i could push it down the road a bit before i started the engine . 
 bo drove us back to sebastian 's and i waited for another hour before i cal ed mom 's cel phone . 
 `` hey , i forgot to tel you last night that i had to leave early this morning . 
 we 're working on some stuff for the fal formal . '' 
 i felt bad lying to her , but i knew it was better than hanging around and putting her life in danger every night . 
 `` oh , are you already gone ? '' 
 i could n't help but sigh . 
 i knew i could always count on me to be virtual y clueless about anything pertaining to me . 
 `` yeah , i 'm gone , mom . 
 another thing . 
 sebastian had to go out of town for a few days , maybe a week . 
 he wants me to housesit , starting tonight . 
 that 's alright , is n't it ? 
 i mean , it is sebastian . '' 
 i added that last , knowing it would be the nail in the coffin . 
 `` i do n't know , ridley . 
 i 'm not sure that would be safe . 
 maybe we should talk to your dad . '' 
 of al the times for her to start taking parenting seriously , she could n't have picked a worse one . 
 `` mom , i ' l be fine . 
 sebastian 's house has great security . 
 he just wants me to water the plants and stuff , keep an eye on things . 
 it 's not a big deal . '' 
 `` ridley , maybe you should - '' `` mom , i am almost eighteen . 
 i ' l be going away to col ege in a few months . 
 might as wel let me start getting used to this kind of thing now , right ? '' 
 `` wel , we ' l have to see what - '' `` look , mom , i got ta go . 
 i ' l cal you tonight . 
 love you . '' 
 i did n't wait for a response . 
 i just hung up , frustrated . 
 it seemed like a wave of irritability washed over me within seconds of hanging up with her . 
 i got up to pace into the kitchen , walking by the windows and looking out at the morning . 
 as i roamed back and forth , i began to feel like a caged animal , unable to go where i wanted , do what i wanted because of a condition that kept me prisoner inside my own body . 
 the longer i paced , the more mom 's obstinacy simmered in my veins like a venomous soup , making me angrier and angrier . 
 i began to feel that uncomfortable icy heat work its way from my chest into my limbs . 
 my throat burned with an increasing thirst and my temper grew touchier by the minute . 
 when bo 's hand touched my shoulder , i whirled around , ready to lash out . 
 the concern and understanding on his handsome face gave me pause , however , bringing me up short . 
 `` you need to feed again , ridley . '' 
 i was so aggravated it took a moment for his words to penetrate the red haze in my mind . 
 when it did , i looked down at my hands . 
 i could stil see them , but they were nowhere near as apparent as they 'd been earlier . 
 i looked up and met bo 's eyes . 
 `` so soon ? '' 
 `` yes , but it wo n't always be like this . 
 your body is stil changing and adjusting . 
 what you 're going through causes a huge amount of stress on your body , using more blood than you normal y would . 
 plus , we 've been very active and now you 're upset . '' 
 his mention of my current irritation only served to bring my attention back to it . 
 `` i could just throttle her ! '' 
 i ground out through my tightly-gritted teeth , bal ing my fingers into angry fists . 
 `` emotions run stronger and hotter the closer you are to needing to feed . 
 then , it just makes it worse . '' 
 as i thought about feeding , my mouth watered in response , but my mind grew more troubled . 
 bo must 've sensed it . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 i do n't like that look . '' 
 out of habit , i worried my lip with my teeth . 
 when something sharp cut into my flesh , it reminded me that deadly teeth went along with thoughts like those . 
 `` bo , do you think i ' l learn to like animal blood ? 
 i mean , what am i going to do if ... '' when i 'd thought of becoming a vampire , i 'd never real y considered feeding or that i might have issues with where the blood came from . 
 my vision of it had been extremely romanticized , much to my detriment . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i 'm sure that wil change with time . 
 and if it does n't , you stil wo n't need to worry . 
 i ' l feed you , baby , '' he said , cupping my cheek with his wide palm . 
 `` what 's mine is yours , even my blood . '' 
 i did n't want to ask what would happen if and when he had to kil his father and he would be mortal again . 
 that would change everything . 
 what if i could n't feed from him anymore ? 
 what if doing so would risk his sanity , risk his life ? 
 plus , even if he could tolerate it , he would n't be with me forever . 
 we 'd only have a single , short lifetime together . 
 i shook off those thoughts as bo took my hand . 
 he tilted his head toward the hal . 
 `` come on . '' 
 anticipation curled in my stomach and washed away rational thought as he led me to the bedroom at the back of the house . 
 at the doorway , he bent and scooped me up , carrying me in to lay me gently on the velvet duvet . 
 at bo 's suggestion , so neither of us would lose control , i sat between his legs again , much as i had that first time , with my back to his chest . 
 when he tore open his wrist for me , i was immediately whisked away by the winds of scent and thirst . 
 it was far too easy to get caught up in the whirlwind of pleasure . 
 apparently i had been feeding for some time before i became aware of bo 's low voice reminding me to focus . 
 at that point , though it was a struggle , i did manage to bring myself under control . 
 by the time bo took his wrist from my mouth , i 'd gotten almost enough to completely quench my thirst . 
 almost . 
 bo pushed away from behind me then slid around to my side where he encouraged me to turn over so he could spoon me . 
 we lay like that for several minutes before i spoke . 
 my head spun lightly and i felt a lethargy fal down over me like a warm , cozy blanket . 
 it was a sensation that i had n't noticed after my last two feedings . 
 `` why am i so tired ? '' 
 i asked bo , my speech sounding slurred even to my own ears . 
 `` probably because you have n't slept any . 
 we do n't need much sleep , but we do require some . '' 
 i did n't turn to look at him , just let the rumble of his voice soothe me until i felt the bliss of a deep rest overtake me . 
 i do n't know how long i 'd been asleep when i heard bo 's voice again . 
 it felt like only seconds , but when i craned my neck around to look at him , i saw that he was asleep as wel . 
 his form had faded a little , probably because i 'd taken so much of his blood , and he was sleeping fitful y. his brow was furrowed and he muttered unintel igible things . 
 some words he uttered more clearly , but they were n't in a language that i understood . 
 i wondered whether or not i should wake him , but that decision was soon taken out of my hands . 
 i was leaning over bo when his eyes popped open . 
 they had already begun to turn that pale , translucent green , but even so , they sucked me in , just like they always did . 
 and then he spoke . 
 one word . 
 a name . 
 and it was n't mine . 
 `` annika ? '' 
 chapter six i could see the confusion in his eyes as he looked at me . 
 `` bo ? '' 
 he visibly struggled to untangle himself from his dream and i knew the instant that he was completely free of its clutches . 
 the light of recognition burned in his eyes , but it did n't ease his frown . 
 `` ridley ? '' 
 `` it 's me , bo . '' 
 he touched my face with his fingertips before he sat up and looked around . 
 `` i guess i needed some sleep , too , '' he said , throwing a sheepish grin over his shoulder at me . 
 `` what were you dreaming about ? '' 
 i knew that , despite my best efforts to sound casual , i sounded anything but . 
 `` i do n't real y know . 
 some vil age in sweden . 
 at least that 's where i think it was . 
 it seemed familiar somehow , like i 've been there before , like i might 've lived there . 
 i was in some sort of school or maybe an orphanage , and there were people there that i knew . 
 it seemed like it was a long , long time ago , though . 
 there were no lights , only candles , and al the furniture seemed real y. . . 
 old . 
 i do n't know . 
 it was very strange . '' 
 as he talked , bo seemed hesitant to meet my eyes . 
 `` bo , who 's annika ? '' 
 his eyes darted to mine . 
 `` where did you hear that name ? '' 
 `` you mentioned her a few minutes ago . 
 who is she ? '' 
 bo did n't answer at first . 
 he simply looked at me . 
 as i waited for his response , however , he began to fade . 
 quickly . 
 it was as if someone was erasing him right before my very eyes . 
 `` bo , you 're fading ! '' 
 bo looked down at his hands , turning them over to look at his palms . 
 his form disappeared a little bit more in the few seconds it took him to examine himself . 
 `` why are you fading so fast ? '' 
 `` i - i do n't know . '' 
 `` does it have something to do with your dreams ? '' 
 again , his pale eyes twitched up to me , but this time they darted away just as quickly . 
 `` maybe . 
 it felt almost like ... like ... '' `` like what ? '' 
 i prompted when he continued to stammer . 
 `` like memories . '' 
 `` but sebastian - he said - '' my heart sank a little . 
 sebastian had said that bo 's memory was faulty now because it had been tampered with so much . 
 he said that bo would never remember the rest of his life , only this portion . 
 but what if sebastian was wrong ? 
 what if bo could remember ? 
 what if he was remembering ? 
 and if that was the case , should the girl , annika , worry me ? 
 `` i do n't know that they were definitely memories . 
 i just said that they felt a little bit like that . 
 it 's not very clear at al . '' 
 `` why now ? 
 i mean , have you had dreams like this before ? '' 
 bo shrugged . 
 `` not that i can remember , not like this . '' 
 `` then why now ? '' 
 bo shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know , ridley . 
 i just do n't know . '' 
 we sat quietly on the bed , each of us lost in thought , until bo stood abruptly . 
 `` i ' l be invisible soon . 
 i need to feed . 
 since it 's daylight and you should be in school , you 'd better stay here , '' bo suggested . 
 `` it wo n't take me very long anyway . '' 
 though i knew he was right , his words stil hurt for some reason , as if he was shutting me out , purposely excluding me from whatever was going on with him . 
 my rational side reminded me that it was probably nothing and that everyone was due a little privacy . 
 but the ridiculously emotional side of me , the side that found it impossible to think clearly about al things pertaining to bo , felt threatened by his utterance of another girl 's name . 
 it only exacerbated my insecurity when i thought about how we 'd been in bed together when he 'd made the mistake and that i 'd been trying to wake him up . 
 had he awakened to annika before ? 
 i threw my legs over the side of the bed and fol owed bo to the front door . 
 he opened it , already practical y invisible in the morning light , and turned back to me . 
 i could see the shimmer of his face where the sun streamed onto the stoop and made his shape look wavy . 
 `` i ' l be back soon . 
 lock the door . '' 
 with that , he brushed a quick kiss over my lips and then he was gone . 
 i stood in the doorway , looking out over the hil side , unseeing . 
 then , somberly , i turned , closing and locking the door behind me . 
 i stood in the foyer for nearly an hour letting my mind flitter from here to there before i realized that i 'd been standing there that long . 
 i made a mental note to myself that i 'd have to stay on top of the strange stamina that came with being a vampire . 
 standing perfectly stil , lost in thought , for such long periods of time would be a dead giveaway . 
 pun intended . 
 when i final y managed to pul myself from deep inside my own head , i wandered aimlessly through the house , clueless as to how i might occupy my time until bo returned . 
 and where was bo , by the way ? 
 earlier , it had only taken him a few minutes to fel that deer and feed from it . 
 after that , i found it impossible to keep my mind from straying back to his dream . 
 i could n't help wondering if he was avoiding me for some reason . 
 ruthlessly , i pushed those thoughts aside . 
 i had no reason to doubt bo , only a thousand and one reasons to trust him-with my heart and my life . 
 i decided right then that if i had to remind myself of that on an hourly basis , i would n't let myself forget it . 
 relief flooded me when the doorbel rang . 
 though at first i thought it odd that bo would ring the bel , i remembered that i 'd locked the door and that he had no key . 
 rushing back to the foyer , i flipped open the locks and flung wide the door , only to be greeted by two unfamiliar faces . 
 though neither was bo , they were both equal y stunning . 
 the male and female standing on the stoop were a study in beauty and contrast . 
 my enhanced mind cataloged their features and scents in an instant , starting with the girl . 
 short , dark blonde hair framed an oval face dominated by cornflower blue eyes and a mouth to die for . 
 she was petite , but perfectly formed . 
 apparently , she had no qualms about showcasing her body either , as evidenced by her skin tight , low-cut jeans and thread-bare , cap-sleeved t-shirt that drew attention to her ample chest . 
 she smel ed like lavender and her smile was wide . 
 the guy was just as perfect and reminded me a lot of bo , only i had to look way up to meet his eyes . 
 the orbs were so dark a brown they appeared black , just like bo 's . 
 his hair was equal y inky and cut shorter than i usual y liked . 
 one big difference was his skin tone . 
 rather than having bo 's pale complexion , this guy 's skin was the tanned bronze of someone who loved the outdoors . 
 and he smel ed of sandalwood . 
 he was n't smiling like the girl . 
 he was watching me , and not just casual y either . 
 he was staring at me with an intensity that made the hair on my arms stand up . 
 it was neither a good feeling nor a bad one , just intense . 
 very , very intense . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 i murmured politely after i 'd quickly taken in every detail of their appearance . 
 `` we are looking for someone and we were told we might find him here . '' 
 the girl 's voice was clear and musical with just a tiny trace of an accent , one that i could n't readily place . 
 it was faint , yet stil detectable in the clipped cadence of her words . 
 also , her annunciation was careful y perfect in that way that suggested english was not her first language . 
 i assumed they were looking for sebastian , and tension immediately seized the muscles in my neck and shoulders . 
 i knew that if they were associates of his , they were no good . 
 `` and who might that be ? '' 
 `` bjorn dahmen , but he goes by bo . '' 
 my mind spun . 
 could it be my bo ? 
 it had to be , did n't it ? 
 i mean , what are the chances of two people showing up at sebastian 's looking for another guy named bo ? 
 probably like a gazil ion to one . 
 however , a smal , skeptical part of me insisted that i consider another statistic . 
 what were the odds that someone might show up looking for bo and not be somehow evil and in the employ of sebastian ? 
 probably another gazil ion to one . 
 i was immediately on high alert . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 there 's no one here by that name . '' 
 the couple glanced at one another and then back at me , the girl 's smile widening . 
 `` i am sure it seems rather odd that two strangers show up on your doorstep looking for bo , but i can assure you that bo and i have a long history . 
 i have been looking for him for many years . 
 you see , we grew up together . '' 
 `` wel , that 's al fine and good , but i stil do n't know who you 're talking about . 
 there 's no bo here . '' 
 the girl chuckled and resituated the bag that was slung over her shoulder . 
 `` one thing you wil soon learn about me is that i am an excel ent lie detector and i know you are lying . 
 just tel bo i am here . 
 he wil remember me . '' 
 `` i told you , there 's - '' `` please . 
 just tel him annika is here . 
 he wil tel you al about me . '' 
 that gave me pause . 
 and made me a little nauseous . 
 `` annika ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she replied , smiling more widely . 
 `` has he mentioned me ? '' 
 it was at that precise moment , when my heart was final y making its way back up from the toes of my shoes , that bo returned . 
 if there was any question about her identity , he immediately put it to rest . 
 `` annika ? '' 
 he said as he rounded the corner of the garage to the front steps . 
 i 'd been so distracted with annika that i had neither seen nor heard bo 's arrival . 
 i watched him approach the front steps , a look of confused amazement on his face . 
 `` bo ! '' 
 she squealed , charging down the steps and launching herself at him . 
 bo reluctantly raised his arms , patting her back awkwardly as she hung from around his neck . 
 `` oh thank god ! 
 i have looked everywhere for you . '' 
 when she final y released him and stepped back , bo began to smile a little , which only made me feel worse about the whole thing . 
 he was glad to see her . 
 surprised , but glad . 
 `` annika , what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i have been trying to catch up to you for ... a while , '' she explained hesitantly . 
 annika slid a quick glance over her shoulder at me before she leaned in toward bo and whispered , `` is she one of us ? '' 
 bo 's eyes darted from annika to me and back again . 
 a frown flitted across his brow before he nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good , '' she said hurriedly . 
 `` i have been looking for you since you disappeared from lindersberg in 1916 . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 bo and i exclaimed simultaneously . 
 annika laughed . 
 `` why do n't we go inside and talk ? 
 it has been a long journey . '' 
 as she and bo made their way up the steps toward the door , i was jarred from my shock , remembering the tal , dark stranger that had accompanied the beautiful annika . 
 he 'd stood quietly by as the reunion transpired , but now i wondered about him . 
 as if reading my mind , annika introduced him as she reached the top of the steps . 
 `` this is cade by the way . 
 cade this is bo and ... '' she trailed off , looking meaningful y over her shoulder at bo . 
 he moved past her and came to stand by my side , sliding an arm possessively around my waist . 
 `` this is ridley , '' he supplied . 
 annika 's startlingly blue eyes darted from bo to me and back again before she smiled tightly and offered her hand . 
 `` ridley , it is nice to meet you . '' 
 politely , i took her proffered hand and pumped it once , cordial y , and then released it . 
 whether it was rooted in jealousy or something else , i did n't like the fair annika and i suspected that the feeling was mutual . 
 for the first time since their arrival , cade spoke . 
 `` bo , '' he said , nodding once in bo 's direction before his obsidian eyes made their way to me . 
 `` ridley , it 's a pleasure . '' 
 his voice was a deep delight with a thick texan drawl . 
 his lips curved into a smile and , despite bo 's presence at my side , cade made no effort to conceal the blatant appreciation in his eyes . 
 `` and how do you two know each other , annika ? '' 
 bo said , referring to cade . 
 `` we met a few states ago and discovered that we had much in common . 
 we have been traveling together since . 
 we have a common goal . '' 
 bo nodded slowly , his eyes never leaving cade . 
 cade just stared back . 
 annika slapped the back of her hand against cade 's chest . 
 `` stop that ! 
 brothers are not supposed to compete . '' 
 after a moment 's delay , bo and i both gaped first at each other and then we turned our rounded , incredulous eyes on annika . 
 when we final y found our tongues , we both had one question . 
 it came in the form of a word , a single word . 
 `` brothers ? '' 
 chapter seven `` i do n't have a brother , '' bo declared , turning a scowl on annika . 
 `` yes you do . '' 
 truthful y , bo did n't have enough memory of his life to argue with her , which is probably why he chose to demand answers instead . 
 `` then tel me how it is that y o u came across this information , yet i did not . '' 
 `` can we please take this inside ? '' 
 she asked again , making every effort to keep her voice low and calm . 
 bo glared at annika and cade for several long , tense seconds before he acquiesced . 
 with a frustrated growl , he stepped aside , al owing annika and cade to enter . 
 as cade passed , bo eyed him suspiciously , the tension between them nearly palpable . 
 once they were inside , bo closed the door , grabbed my hand and led the way into the den . 
 after annika and cade had deposited their bags on the floor and taken a seat on one of the couches , bo urged me to sit on the one facing them . 
 he remained at my side , though standing , his arms folded over his chest in an intimidating posture that was rife with antagonism . 
 `` alright , we 're inside . 
 i think you need to explain yourself . '' 
 annika snorted . 
 `` i see that the fun-loving bo that i remember has grown up quite a bit , '' she began , her voice teasing . 
 when bo said nothing , annika cleared her throat uncomfortably . 
 `` let me start with how i found you . 
 i - '' `` we can get to that later , '' bo interrupted sharply . 
 `` right now i want to know why you think i have a brother . '' 
 i glanced at cade . 
 he was watching bo closely , as if puzzling over his reaction . 
 `` you are just going to have to be patient , because it al starts with the night you disappeared from lindersberg , '' she said . 
 `` you and i were supposed to go hunting together . 
 you were stil showing me the ropes , showing me techniques and how to avoid infecting people once my fangs matured . 
 showing me the best places to find wil ing humans , al that . 
 anyway - '' `` i was hunting humans ? '' 
 bo interrupted , dismayed and a little disbelieving . 
 `` yes . 
 why would you not hunt humans ? '' 
 `` i do n't drink from humans . 
 the person you 're describing does n't even sound like me . '' 
 `` wel , maybe not the current you , but it certainly describes the you from back then , '' she declared . 
 when bo said nothing , she continued . 
 `` anyway , you did n't show , so i went to a place that we had been to before , thinking you might be there . 
 and you were . 
 you were n't there alone , though . 
 you were with a man , one i did n't recognize . 
 i waited for you to finish and then , when the two of you left , i gave you a few minutes and fol owed . 
 by the time i got outside , however , you were already gone . 
 vanished . 
 without a trace . 
 i looked everywhere for you , but it was as if you just disappeared . 
 `` when you did n't show up for three days , i knew something was wrong . 
 i asked al around about the man you were with , but no one seemed to know who he was . 
 it took me almost a week to final y find someone , a new vampire , who remembered someone named sebastian , someone who fit the description of the man i 'd seen you with . 
 `` after that , the trail went completely cold . 
 i was n't able to pick up on any scent or find anyone who 'd seen you for months , so i eventual y gave up . 
 it was n't until i moved to the states about five years ago that i stumbled across sebastian again . 
 `` i was in a smal town in texas visiting a bar i 'd heard was a good place to feed . 
 that 's where i saw him . 
 he did n't know that i had seen him that night in lindersberg . 
 i struck up a conversation about the local hunting grounds and he was more than happy to chat when i flashed him a smile and showed him a little cle ** age . '' 
 annika paused to show us exactly the smile she 'd used , one i could see being persuasive to nearly any male creature and probably even some females . 
 bo was n't impressed , however , only wanting more details about his father at that point . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 bo asked stiffly . 
 `` er , not much real y . 
 he was very careful , which just made me that much more suspicious . 
 that is why i fol owed him . 
 tracked him to a house . 
 it was an old house , sort of off the beaten path . 
 it did n't take me long to figure out why it was so secluded . 
 he was keeping a woman there . 
 a woman and her son . '' 
 annika 's eyes darted to cade before she continued . 
 `` the woman was beautiful . 
 she had dark hair and eyes , and she looked like an angel . 
 i watched her house until he left and then i went and knocked on the door . 
 it only took me about ten seconds of talking with her to figure out she was under the influence of his blood . 
 i knew i would never get any information from her , so i thought to fol ow sebastian . 
 i kept up with him until he stopped in a town in colorado cal ed buford . 
 `` but just like before , i lost him . 
 he can just vanish . 
 it is incredible , '' annika exclaimed , her voice saturated with admiration . 
 when she saw that no one else shared her fascination , she cleared her throat again and continued . 
 `` luckily , after a few days of sniffing around , i saw your picture in the local paper in an article related to missing persons . 
 that is when i knew without a doubt that sebastian had something to do with your disappearance . 
 `` i have traveled around america for nearly five years , seeing the sights and looking for signs of you . 
 i found nothing so i ended up going back to texas to try to catch up with sebastian again . 
 i had a feeling he would return to visit the woman and the boy eventual y , so i hung around there until he visited them again a couple of months ago . 
 when he left , i fol owed him as far as virginia before i lost him again . 
 that 's where i was when i saw the newspaper article about a rash of missing kids in south carolina . 
 there were a few pictures . 
 two of them were real y blurry , but i stil recognized you . 
 i 'd know your face anywhere . '' 
 the smile that annika aimed toward bo made me distinctly uncomfortable . 
 it hinted at a history that made me feel queasy . 
 bo seemed not to notice . 
 he was too wrapped up in her story . 
 when it became clear that bo was n't going to respond , annika 's smile faded and a ghost-of-a-frown appeared . 
 it looked like a tiny dent between her tawny brows . 
 though it did n't seem that he real y saw me , bo glanced toward me before he turned back to annika and prompted , `` and then ? '' 
 `` wel , the rest is pretty much history . 
 i came down here and asked around until i found out where sebastian lived and ... wel , here we are . '' 
 narrowing his eyes first on annika and then on cade , bo asked sharply , `` and how did he get to be a part in al this ? '' 
 `` uh , i saw him in town a couple of days later and he recognized me from the first time i visited his mother . 
 he 'd heard that i was asking around about a man named sebastian and mentioned that he was looking for him as wel . 
 we sort of hit it off and decided we might make good travel companions . '' 
 something about her vague answer made me suspicious of what she was n't saying , but i thought it best to keep that to myself for the time being . 
 `` this al sounds very ... convenient , but none of it explains how you came to the conclusion that he 's my brother . '' 
 annika snorted . 
 `` look at him ! 
 you two could be twins . '' 
 both bo and i turned to cade . 
 his eyes shifted lazily between us , not the least bit ruffled by our examination . 
 annika was right , though . 
 bo and cade were amazingly similar , right down to the intensity that shrouded them like a thick cloak . 
 bo began to scowl as he inspected cade . 
 i was wondering about their physical characteristics just as annika voiced a thought that explained away the doubts i was having . 
 `` your mothers must have looked a lot alike , because other than your swagger and your smile , neither of you look like sebastian . '' 
 `` swagger ? 
 i do n't have a swagger , '' bo snapped defensively . 
 annika smiled . 
 `` then that is another thing that has changed because you used to dominate any room you walked into . 
 you certainly got my attention . '' 
 although bo ignored her flagrant flirtation , i found that i could not and it was not doing good things for my temperament . 
 i was becoming more and more irritated by her references to their past . 
 it was obvious that they 'd shared a relationship that was more than simple friendship and even though bo did n't remember it , i felt increasingly threatened by it . 
 i reminded myself that bo was a different person now , that he was mine and that we were divinely destined for one another . 
 no old flame could change that . 
 but tiny termites of doubt and insecurity began to eat away at the foundation of my confidence , eroding the faith i had in our union . 
 bo 's voice brought me back to the conversation at hand . 
 `` that stil does n't explain how you know he 's my brother . '' 
 `` he told me that you were his brother . '' 
 al eyes turned back to cade . 
 `` and how do you know you 're my brother ? '' 
 he shrugged offhandedly before he spoke . 
 `` my mother used to talk a lot about my father , sebastian . 
 he was basical y absent for almost my entire life . 
 he would drop in every few years and stay for a day or two and then leave . '' 
 cade 's upper lip curled in bitterness . 
 `` of course she did n't mind . 
 he made sure of that . 
 even though she had no memory of it , i knew what he was doing to her . 
 i saw him do it a couple of times . 
 he would feed her his blood and tel her al sorts of things , things that would erase al that had happened , al that they 'd talked about . 
 but i heard him . 
 i knew . '' 
 `` what did he say ? 
 exactly , '' bo said evenly . 
 `` one night i heard them talking in her bedroom . 
 she was asking questions about his life and he was tel ing her about a son he had with another woman , a boy that he cal ed boaz , and how that boy was trying to kil him . 
 of course , my mother was devastated . 
 but me ? 
 i only wished that i could be the one to kil him . 
 `` i hated him for what he 'd done to her . 
 it 's like he drained more and more of her life away with each visit . 
 she got worse over time , like she was slowly going insane , and i knew it had something to do with what he was doing to her . 
 the last time he came , i heard him tel her that he had hoped that their child ... me ... would give him the blood that he needed , but that i had n't . 
 he said he 'd had to inject an unborn child . 
 said that he 'd found one even better , one that might be linked to the chosen one . 
 he said that he had no further need of us . '' 
 cade 's nostrils flared as he tried to contain his hatred of sebastian . 
 `` she was dead the next morning . 
 that 's when i found annika . '' 
 chapter eight a hush fel over the room , as though we al mourned the death of cade 's mother . 
 annika was the first to break the silence . 
 `` so , now you know our story . 
 your turn . 
 what happened ? '' 
 after a long pause , bo sighed deeply and dropped down onto the couch beside me . 
 tiredly , he rubbed a hand across his face . 
 before i could stop myself , i reached out and pushed a stray piece of sable hair away from his cheek . 
 he leaned back against the cushions and , without glancing in my direction , took my hand and laid it on his thigh , covering it with his own . 
 `` honestly , i have no idea . '' 
 a smile flickered across annika 's face before she realized that he was serious . 
 `` what do you mean you have no idea ? '' 
 `` exactly that . 
 i have no memory of my life before three years ago . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked in disbelief . 
 `` it 's true . '' 
 annika frowned . 
 `` then how did you remember me ? '' 
 a pregnant silence stretched across the room as bo struggled to find an answer . 
 i scanned the faces , taking in cade 's eyes , narrowed in suspicion , and annika 's eyes as they sparked with the light of hope . 
 when bo glanced at me , i saw that his were fil ed with regret . 
 my only question was : regret for what ? 
 when bo answered , his voice was low , uncertain . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 a satisfied grin twitched at the corners of annika 's pouty mouth before she brought it under control , careful y schooling her features into a politely blank mask . 
 it was when her gaze darted to me that i knew my fears were very real . 
 our eyes met for only a fraction of a second , but that 's al it took for me to see that annika had come to find bo for one reason and one reason alone-to get him back . 
 she was in love with him . 
 `` wel , what do you remember ? '' 
 she prompted . 
 `` just my life as it has been since a little over three years ago . 
 other than that , occasional y i have dreams that feel so real they 're like memories , but i have no real memories . '' 
 `` and yet you recognized me , '' she added meaningful y. `` i might remember a lot more if i could see the places i 've been , people i 've known , things i 've seen . 
 where did you say you 're from ? '' 
 `` lindersberg , sweden . '' 
 that 's when i realized the origin of the lilt in her voice . 
 she was swedish . 
 `` sweden . 
 sweden , '' bo said , nodding slowly and repeating the word as if testing the feel of it on his tongue . 
 `` tel me about it . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` where i 'm from . '' 
 it was easy to see that annika relished having al eyes on her , but more than that , she basked in bo 's undivided attention . 
 she reveled in the opportunity to paint the picture of their life together-their life before me . 
 annika spoke in great detail about lindersberg , several times eliciting a response from bo . 
 he was able to recal the orphanage where they met , though not in as much detail as she . 
 `` yes , you walked in like a confident rogue and i thought i must have died and gone to heaven . 
 even after you told me of your thirst , i knew that there was no other life for me . 
 i was so glad when you agreed to turn me . '' 
 shocked , bo sat forward in his seat just as the bottom dropped out of my world . 
 `` turned you ? 
 what ? '' 
 annika smiled widely . 
 `` the day you agreed to make me a vampire was the greatest day of my life . 
 i 'm just sorry you do n't remember it . 
 it was ... '' annika trailed off , casting her eyes toward the floor and glancing up at bo from beneath her lashes . 
 she was so coy i wanted to drop kick her . 
 `` it was what ? '' 
 bo asked in that completely oblivious , masculine way . 
 `` it was incredible , '' she said quietly , her voice a husky whisper . 
 `` oh , '' bo murmured , almost dazed . 
 he slid his fathomless eyes to me , the misery on his face reflected in their endless depths . 
 `` what kind of a person was i ? '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 you 're not that person anymore . 
 you do n't know how much of an influence sebastian had on you back then . '' 
 although bo looked marginal y encouraged by my words , the worry carved into his features was plain to see , much like drawings of great burden etched into ancient stone . 
 `` do you remember scabs ? '' 
 annika asked . 
 she seemed as anxious as everyone else to move past the sudden tension . 
 bo 's head jerked up and a smile drifted slowly into place . 
 it was like a fog lifting gently from the moors . 
 `` ohmigod , yeah ! 
 scabs . 
 whatever happened to him ? '' 
 `` it turns out that he was an english duke . 
 he was kidnapped as a child . 
 his parents final y found him years later . 
 they identified him by a birthmark on his right cheek . '' 
 `` with al those scabs and acne scars , how could they even see a birthmark ? '' 
 `` not that right cheek , '' annika replied . 
 `` ah , '' bo breathed , chuckling . 
 `` so he was royalty ? 
 scabs ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 he ended up marrying the beautiful daughter of some other royal family . '' 
 `` scabs ? '' 
 bo repeated disbelievingly . 
 `` hard to believe , is n't it ? '' 
 bo just shook his head , mystified . 
 `` tel me what happened to everyone else ? '' 
 and so annika launched into an animated history of al the orphaned and vagrant friends they 'd once shared . 
 as they laughed and reminisced , quite a few facts returned to bo . 
 al it took was annika reminding him of certain details . 
 bo tried to include me by explaining little tidbits that he could remember about each person they discussed , but his efforts were for naught . 
 cade and i were outsiders to their reunion and i had a feeling that that was exactly how annika wanted it . 
 it seemed like hours had passed when my phone rang , and , in fact , they had . 
 the day had come and gone , and evening was upon us . 
 the instant i heard the voice on the other end of the line , however , time stood stil . 
 the screen on my phone had identified the cal er as my mother so i excused myself to take the cal in another room . 
 i had just scooted up onto the countertop in the kitchen and settled in for a long argument when the familiar voice froze my muscles like only a sub-zero blast of terror can . 
 the voice , though familiar , did not belong to my mother . 
 `` hey , ridley . 
 long time , no see . '' 
 it was trinity . 
 i was speechless as my mind scrambled to make sense of the incongruity-mom 's phone , trinity 's voice . 
 mom 's phone . 
 trinity 's voice . 
 trinity had my mother 's cel phone . 
 i rocked between fury and terror like a sailboat being tossed to and fro by a hurricane . 
 i was so caught up in the furor of it that i nearly missed her next words . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt her . 
 i just want to talk to you . 
 alone . 
 at your house . 
 if you bring anyone with you , you wo n't like what happens next . '' 
 without hesitation , i hopped off the counter and ran to the door . 
 `` i ' l be there in two minutes . '' 
 flipping the phone shut , i flung open the door , ready to blow through town like the wind . 
 it was bo that stopped me . 
 `` ridley , what are you doing ? '' 
 he was standing just behind me . 
 overwhelmed by emotion and concern for my mother 's safety , i struggled to make sense of his question . 
 it seemed as though my mind could only wrap itself around one crisis at a time . 
 my focus was complete , just as it was when i was hungry . 
 until i met bo 's eyes . 
 as if i 'd been weightless , drifting off into oblivion , bo was like gravity , pul ing me back down to earth , anchoring me . 
 `` bo , she 's got my mother . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 he demanded , gripping my upper arms urgently . 
 `` trinity . '' 
 `` let 's go , '' he said , pushing me out the door and pul ing it shut behind him . 
 `` no , wait . 
 you ca n't come . 
 she wants to see me alone . 
 she ' l hurt her if you come , bo . '' 
 `` she wo n't have to know . '' 
 `` but what if she does ? 
 what if she finds out and does something to my mother ? 
 i ca n't risk that . '' 
 `` surely you do n't expect me to just sit here and wait while you go meet trinity by yourself . '' 
 `` you do n't have a choice , bo , and neither do i. '' we stared at each other for a few more seconds . 
 i could tel that bo was far from convinced that he should let me go alone . 
 `` she 's my mother , bo . '' 
 i poured al the emotion-al the fear , al the love-into my eyes , hoping he 'd see it . 
 and he did . 
 bo sighed . 
 `` i wo n't be far . 
 just cal out if you need me . 
 i ' l hear you . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , stretching up on my toes to touch my lips to his . 
 when i would 've pul ed away , he slipped an arm around my waist . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispered , tucking his face into my neck . 
 i closed my eyes for just a second , savoring the sound of those words . 
 i felt my heart spread wide to take them in like a flower blossoming under the light of the sun . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 `` i ' l give you a minute or two head start and then i ' l fol ow . 
 stick to the backs of buildings and houses , and stay in the trees and shadows whenever you can . 
 remember , you can run as fast as the wind . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 with a tight smile more for bo 's benefit than mine , i turned and took off like a shot , racing down sebastian 's driveway . 
 on any other evening , i might 've enjoyed flitting from yard to yard , through the trees and within the shadows , making dogs bark at the wind and children puzzle over it . 
 it was amazing that they seemed almost to be standing stil as i sped by . 
 i even paused , ever so briefly , to help one little girl . 
 i was darting through her back yard just as she was screwing up her face to cry because her puppy had managed to wrestle a dol from her arms . 
 as i breezed by , i snatched the dol from the puppy 's mouth and tossed it back at the child 's feet . 
 the look on her face was so comical i had to laugh , a sound that i imagined drifted back to her like the rustling of the leaves in the wind . 
 beyond that , however , there was no joy in my quick trip . 
 after leaving the little girl 's back yard , my mind returned its singular focus to trinity and my mother . 
 when i arrived at my house , i was confused to see that mom 's car was n't in the driveway . 
 i could n't decide if that was alarming or comforting . 
 i gave it only a passing thought , though , choosing instead to focus on the girl that lay just beyond the brick wal s of my home . 
 the door was unlocked , which caused a chil to wiggle its way down my spine . 
 i slipped through and closed it snugly behind me . 
 i stopped inside the foyer to smel and to listen . 
 absolute silence greeted me , as did the familiar smel s of home . 
 in a layer of scent just beneath those i 'd always found inside the house , there was the dark , dank aroma of earth . 
 it bounced around in my head like a key without a lock until it slid effortlessly into a memory , releasing a realization that surprised me . 
 i had smel ed that strong scent before . 
 i 'd smel ed it in the woods the night of summer 's pre-hal oween party , right before i 'd been attacked . 
 a voice had whispered `` t '' and i had assumed it was drew . 
 but drew smel ed of pine ; i would always remember that , too . 
 it was etched in my mind along with the terror of him biting into my flesh and the heartbreak of him begging for bo to kil him . 
 i did n't think it was possible for my muscles to hold any more tension , but i felt them squeeze in response to my thoughts , as if preparing for the battle of a lifetime . 
 when my sensitive ears final y picked up on a tiny noise , i sprang into action , moving soundlessly toward my bedroom from whence the muffled thump had come . 
 when i rounded the corner , my bedroom door was open . 
 trinity was sitting on the end of my bed , flipping through an old photo album of a cheer camp we 'd attended together in the ninth grade . 
 she did n't even bother to look up when i stepped into the doorway . 
 `` this was when you started to change . 
 after izzy died . 
 you were never the same after that , '' trinity observed . 
 `` at the time , i hated you for it . 
 i felt like you thought you were better than us , like you were special somehow since your sister died . '' 
 trinity looked up at me , her blue eyes sincere and ful of regret . 
 `` that 's the first day that you were better than us . 
 i just did n't know it . '' 
 i had no idea what to say to that , so i said nothing . 
 i simply watched as trinity looked back down at the album and turned the page . 
 upside down , i could see a picture of summer , smiling widely as she stood beside trinity posing for the photo . 
 trinity gently brushed her fingers over the image . 
 `` summer was good like that before i turned her into a monster . 
 i drained her of compassion . 
 i fed off it like an animal . 
 little by little , i could see her changing , but i just did n't care , '' she said with a bitter laugh . 
 `` my entire life , al i 've ever cared about is myself . 
 and my grandmother . 
 she was the only other person i truly gave a crap about and she died because of it . '' 
 trinity flipped the album 's cover shut . 
 it closed with a thud of finality . 
 she laid it on the bed beside her and then rubbed her palms on her jeans . 
 after a long pause , she raised her eyes to me . 
 `` i wish she 'd kil ed me that night , '' trinity final y said , her voice trembling with emotion . 
 `` i do n't want to live like this anymore , ridley . '' 
 understandably skeptical , i stood motionlessly in the doorway , examining trinity . 
 i looked closely for signs of subterfuge , for signs of the evil i knew her to be capable of . 
 but rather than finding indications of either , i saw a girl i 'd known most of my life trying to come to terms with the consequences of her actions . 
 i saw trinity overwhelmed by guilt . 
 she real y looked terrible , but not in a way that others might recognize . 
 her long blonde hair was freshly brushed and neatly wound at the nape of her neck . 
 her skin was clean , as were her nails . 
 her clothes were spotless and fashionable . 
 in fact , her outfit was something i might 've seen her wear before both of our lives were turned upside down . 
 no , the change was n't something that a stranger could see . 
 but , nonetheless , it was there and i was beginning to think it just might be sincere . 
 `` why are you here , trinity ? '' 
 `` i wanted you to know that i 'm leaving . 
 i just wanted to talk to you first , to apologize . '' 
 she paused to swal ow back tears i could hear in her voice . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , ridley . 
 for everything . '' 
 `` wel , now you 've apologized so i think - '' `` and there 's something else , '' she quickly interrupted . 
 `` i think savannah 's involved in al this somehow . '' 
 for the first time since arriving , i felt like i was seeing a little bit of the old trinity-the grand manipulator , the vicious , spiteful girl i 'd always known . 
 that had to be it , because there was no way savannah was involved . 
 no way . 
 `` do n't even try it , trinity . 
 savannah is n't involved in any of this . 
 you 're just jealous because - '' `` but i 'm not , '' trinity said , coming to her feet and walking to me . 
 when she reached out to put her hands on my arms , i flinched , backing away from her . 
 she jerked her fingers back , her expression crestfal en . 
 `` okay , i deserved that , but i 'm tel ing you the truth , ridley . 
 this has nothing to do with devon . 
 if i stil wanted him , i would n't have let him go . '' 
 `` you let devon go ? '' 
 `` yes , even though i knew he 'd go straight to savannah . 
 i realized that i just could n't go on like this anymore . 
 i ca n't live with myself , with al that i 've done . 
 i thought bringing this to you , helping you in some way , might make it so that you could forgive me . '' 
 she seemed so desperate for me to believe her that it made it hard not to . 
 desperation in any form was so unlike trinity , it was difficult to doubt her sincerity . 
 `` why do you think savannah is involved ? '' 
 `` i actual y found out when i went looking for devon . 
 i knew he 'd be somewhere close to her . 
 he ca n't stay away from her for very long , so i went by her house one night , hoping to find him . 
 i saw the shimmer of a vampire leaving through her window and i thought it was him so i fol owed . 
 `` i trailed him into the woods where he met up with a man and a little girl . 
 the man fed him from his wrist , but when his form started to come back i saw that it was n't devon at al . 
 it was a woman . '' 
 trinity watched me , as if waiting for me to look shocked or surprised . 
 i was neither . 
 `` did she have red hair ? '' 
 trinity frowned . 
 `` yes . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 `` that was heather , savannah 's mother . 
 savannah does n't know that she 's a vampire . 
 she thinks she drowned a few years ago and that she 's seeing her ghost . '' 
 `` how can she see anything ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know , but she can . 
 she can see devon , too . 
 i do n't know what it is about us , but when we 're transparent , she can see us . '' 
 trinity took a step back . 
 `` us ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 heather infected me . '' 
 trinity sniffed . 
 `` i thought you smel ed a little different . '' 
 `` that 's because i am . 
 did you real y think i 'd come here to meet a vampire alone ? 
 do you real y think i 'm that stupid ? '' 
 it was trinity 's turn to shrug . 
 `` i figured because it was your mom that ... '' `` where is she , by the way ? '' 
 `` she 's stil at o'mal ey 's . 
 she 's already three sheets to the wind . 
 it was n't very difficult to get her phone and her keys . 
 at the very least , i thought i might save some innocent person from being run over by your drunk-driving mother . '' 
 relief washed through me , even though my initial fear had already dissipated somewhat since seeing trinity in this condition . 
 `` i knew you 'd come for her , though . 
 that 's why i did it this way . 
 you real y are a good person , ridley . 
 i 've never told you that because i never real y cared . 
 but you are and i hope one day you can forgive me . '' 
 i could feel the emotion of the hallmark moment chiseling away at the ice around my heart , but i was n't quite ready to go al in and say that everything was forgiven . 
 `` where are you planning to go ? '' 
 trinity shook her head . 
 `` i do n't even know . 
 i just know i need to get out of here . 
 everyone already thinks i 'm dead . 
 i figure this is as good a time as any to start over . 
 i 'm learning to control myself better and better , so i thought i might be able to actual y help people somewhere down the line . '' 
 her intention hung between us like a living thing , as if she had spoken the words , anything to make up for what i 've done . 
 i could only imagine how she felt . 
 the guilt i 'd already experienced over my reaction to my mother was just a taste of what trinity must be going through . 
 she 'd actual y hurt people . 
 i wanted to ask her about drew and aisha , but i did n't want to add to her already burning conscience . 
 not that it mattered . 
 one of the answers chose that very moment to come busting through my bedroom window . 
 chapter nine glass shards sprayed in every direction as aisha 's body crashed through the window . 
 when her feet hit my carpeted floor , she paused . 
 in that slight hesitation , i could see that she was no longer the aisha we 'd known . 
 as i 'd feared , she was gradual y succumbing to the life-draining bite of the vampire . 
 now she was consumed with the madness left in its wake . 
 though she was n't quite as dirty and bedraggled as summer had been , i recognized the signs . 
 aisha 's rich chocolate skin was now sal ow and unhealthy looking . 
 her eyes were yel owed and ringed with a darkness that seemed to come from within . 
 her lips twitched as if in readiness to pul back from her teeth in a sneer , and her chin was wet with drool she could no longer control . 
 unfortunately , none of that affected her speed . 
 just like summer , she was fast and she was strong . 
 very , very strong . 
 as if in slow motion , trinity and i watched aisha move toward us . 
 when we glanced at one another , i saw some smal amount of satisfaction in trinity 's eyes , as if she was somehow deserving of the gruesome death that was headed straight for us . 
 i was so shocked by trinity 's reaction that when aisha grabbed her around the waist , turned and leapt through the window , my reaction was delayed by a few very valuable seconds . 
 when my mind regained control and transmitted orders to my legs , i did n't hesitate to pursue the duo . 
 though i might 've paused before lending a hand to trinity the last time she was at my house , things had changed and i could n't let her be kil ed without putting up some kind resistance on her behalf . 
 as my feet hit the ground on the outside of my bedroom window , bo appeared at my side . 
 immediately , he started firing off questions . 
 `` what happened ? 
 where 's your mom ? 
 are you alright ? 
 who was that ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 bo , we need to help trinity , '' i said , tugging his arm in the direction i thought they 'd fled . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 he asked , resisting . 
 `` because she came to apologize and to help us . 
 my mom was never in any danger . 
 now trinity 's in trouble and i ca n't just stand by and let aisha take her . 
 not without a fight . 
 she ' l kil her . '' 
 bo 's lips thinned , a clear indication that he did n't like my reasoning , but it did n't stop him from coming to my aid . 
 i knew he was the one person i could always count on to help me . 
 `` alright , let 's go . 
 but you need to promise me you ' l let me take care of this . 
 i saw the girl as she left . 
 she 's mad and she 's dangerous . '' 
 `` i know , bo . 
 that 's why we have to go now . '' 
 without further hesitation , bo took my hand and we raced away , speeding over the thick grass of my yard . 
 the sun had set and dusk was stretching across the streets and lawns like dark , yawning mouths gobbling up the last bits of light . 
 we flitted from shadow to shadow , clinging to the gloom as we tracked the fetid stench of aisha 's dying flesh . 
 night had al but fal en when we reached an old abandoned barn . 
 it sat on the back property line of a large farm that lay at the outskirts of my subdivision . 
 i 'd crossed the wide field surrounding the rickety structure dozens of times . 
 that summer , drew and i would meet some of our friends to go swimming at the river that ran across the property . 
 we 'd played in the water for hours on warm days - before , in what seemed like a different life . 
 now , i would never see that field in the same way again . 
 i could smel aisha 's horrible stench as we drew closer to the barn . 
 at the front of the structure was a big wooden door that hung crookedly off one hinge . 
 bo and i slipped quietly through the crack , stepping into the deeply shadowed interior . 
 he stopped and scanned the darkness . 
 i did the same . 
 al my senses were wide open and stretched out before me like so many fingers , feeling the air and the ground around me . 
 my eyes stopped on an old , defunct piece of farm equipment . 
 it looked like a big , rusty tractor with sharp metal teeth attached to its front end . 
 there were about ten of them , each tooth easily as thick as my arm . 
 they curved upward like the tines of a pitch fork . 
 a figure stood in front of the old tractor . 
 it swayed gently back and forth , rocking from one foot to the other . 
 it was aisha . 
 i could see that her arms were stretched high over her head . 
 draped across her hands , lying perfectly stil , was trinity . 
 she was conscious . 
 even in the dark , i could see that her eyes were on me . 
 bo and i stood perfectly stil and watched aisha . 
 it appeared that she was looking right through us , but i was n't fooled . 
 i 'd seen that look before-on summer . 
 aisha knew we were there and it would be a grave mistake to assume otherwise . 
 i 'd never wished so much in al my life that i could read another person 's thoughts than i did right then . 
 i desperately needed to know what bo was thinking , how we could work together to see that trinity was n't hurt . 
 but there was no need for that . 
 both aisha and trinity had made up their mind and we were too late to stop them from proceeding . 
 aisha wanted trinity 's life and trinity was wil ing to give it . 
 i knew it the instant trinity opened her mouth . 
 `` do n't , '' she whispered . 
 that single word sent my heart into a panic and my legs into action . 
 simultaneously , bo and i launched ourselves across the room toward the couple . 
 at the first sign of our movement , aisha turned toward the machine behind her . 
 with a cry that brought chil s to the skin al over my body , she threw trinity 's body onto the sharp teeth of the tractor . 
 the echo of air leaving trinity 's punctured chest rang through the stil barn long after the sound of her breaking bones had faded . 
 it hissed inside my head like a cobra of death . 
 within a fraction of a second , bo and i were upon them . 
 i lost al thought of anyone and anything else , however , when i stopped in front of trinity . 
 i bent and gently lifted her broken and bloodied body from the tractor 's tines . 
 it was clear that one sharp point had ravaged her heart . 
 as i turned with trinity in my arms , i saw aisha 's headless body fly across the room and hit the wood-plank wal on the other side of the barn . 
 it barely even registered ; i just knew it was one less thing i had to worry about , one less thing to distract me from my dying friend . 
 as i laid trinity on the dirt floor of the barn , i heard bo 's heavy , labored breathing from somewhere to my left . 
 but it was soon drowned out by the failing beat of trinity 's heart and that 's what i focused al my attention on . 
 i settled her on her back as gently as i could and then i knelt at her side , taking her hand in mine . 
 trinity rol ed her blue eyes toward me and i saw her chin tremble with emotion . 
 though she was trying to be brave , i could plainly see the fear in her eyes . 
 and the regret . 
 `` it 's okay , ridley . 
 i want to go . '' 
 trinity 's face blurred as my eyes wel ed with tears of sadness that spil ed down my cheeks . 
 i knew in that moment that there was only one thing i could give her that would make a difference , one thing that would ease her suffering . 
 i leaned down and whispered into trinity 's ear , `` i forgive you . '' 
 trinity squeezed my hand and when i leaned back she was smiling . 
 the gesture assured me that i 'd done the right thing , that i 'd given her the one thing she needed more than life-forgiveness . 
 then , with the last breath leaving her body like a sigh of relief , trinity 's hand went lax in mine and she was gone . 
 `` omigod , trinity , '' i moaned , bringing her limp hand to my mouth . 
 i bent over her lifeless body and i cried . 
 i cried for trinity . 
 i cried for the loss of a friend i 'd known most of my life . 
 i cried for the tragedy that she 'd brought to so many of those around her . 
 i cried for the forgiveness she 'd never win from the others . 
 i cried for the person she became only a short time before her death . 
 i cried for her violent death and the guilt that caused her to give up so easily . 
 it was for that trinity - the self-less , truly remorseful , honestly sincere trinity-that i grieved . 
 it was the image of her limp yet peaceful body that i would carry with me for the rest of my life , however long that life might be . 
 after some time , bo squatted at my side . 
 `` let me take you home . 
 i ' l come back and take care of them . '' 
 `` what do you mean ` take care of them ' ? '' 
 `` i ' l bury them . 
 they were your friends and they deserve that . 
 besides , there 's no reason for people to know what went on here . 
 it would only cause more hurt and confusion . '' 
 he was so good to me-so considerate of me and of others-that i ached with love for him . 
 `` do you want me to help ? '' 
 `` no , baby . 
 you need to rest . 
 al this stress is burning through your blood . 
 you 're beginning to fade and soon the thirst wil be unbearable . 
 i ' l get you home , come back and take care of them and then go feed so you can drink when you get up . '' 
 i knew without a doubt that bo would take care of everything , including me . 
 i could feel love pouring off him in waves and i closed my eyes for just a moment to bask in it , to let it wash over me and carry away al the sadness , like dirt from a river bank . 
 final y , i nodded and let bo help me to my feet . 
 before he led me from the barn , he pul ed me close to his chest and wrapped his strong arms around me . 
 it seemed as though nothing could hurt me , not even a hurricane , as long as i was in his arms . 
 after a few minutes , he kissed me gently on the forehead and led me from the carnage in the barn . 
 we kept our run to sebastian 's at a leisurely pace , bo ever-aware of my needs . 
 when we arrived , i was reminded of our houseguests . 
 i had forgotten al about them until we passed the den on the way to the back bedroom . 
 we did n't even pause , however , just kept right on going . 
 once we reached the bedroom , bo bent and scooped me up , much as he 'd done the last time , and carried me to the bed . 
 tenderly , he deposited me on top of the duvet , settling my head on the mound of pil ows . 
 `` rest , '' he commanded softly . 
 `` i ' l be back soon . '' 
 i watched him go . 
 when he shut the bedroom door , i tried to put him and everyone else out of my mind . 
 i do n't know how long i lay there before i realized that my attempts at rest were futile . 
 it must 've been quite a while , though . 
 i could feel my thirst gaining ground and clouding my mind . 
 my thoughts rocked between physical need and the reliving of the surreal events of the last few hours , days , and weeks . 
 in many ways , my entire life seemed surreal . 
 wel most of it anyway . 
 some parts felt much more unbelievable than others . 
 unfortunately , it seemed that the painful parts were the ones i remembered most clearly , the ones that felt most real . 
 each time i would try to push away the most bothersome memories in favor of the more pleasant ones , they would claw their way back to the surface of my mind and drag me back down into what felt like the depths of despair . 
 there , they would swirl angrily with my ever-increasing thirst , each feeding on the other , growing more and more dominant of my thoughts . 
 final y , tired of fighting , tired of thinking , tired of being awake , i turned on my side and i let the pain pour out of me in great heaves of agony . 
 tears streamed from my eyes , wetting the pil ow beneath my cheek . 
 eventual y , i cried myself to sleep , relieved to feel the comfort of oblivion carrying me away . 
 almost as soon as i drifted off , something woke me . 
 i was n't sure at first if it was a noise or the delicious scent of sandalwood and human blood . 
 the smel was so intense , i knew the source had to be close . 
 the strength of the heavenly scent in the air coupled with my unpreparedness for it made my thirst increase exponential y. my throat burned like i 'd swal owed acid . 
 my chest ached with want of the sweet blood . 
 my limbs stung with icy heat . 
 the last thing i was aware of was the prickling of my elongated canines against my lips . 
 they were already prepared to penetrate flesh in order to satisfy my incredible yearning . 
 my focus was singular . 
 my need was violent . 
 when the doorknob to the bedroom twisted , it echoed in the silence , drowning out the drum-like thumping of my heart . 
 i watched breathlessly as the wood panel moved toward me , opening just a crack to reveal cade 's handsome face on the other side . 
 then , as if by merely thinking it , i was standing in front of him , taking him into my arms and burying my teeth in the deliciously-scented skin of his neck . 
 somewhere in the back of my mind , it registered that not only did he not resist , but he wrapped his muscular arms around me and held me close as i pul ed long gulps of his thick , warm blood into my mouth and let it pour down my fiery throat . 
 almost immediately , i felt it singing in my veins and saturating my tissues , warming them , revitalizing them . 
 the gift of his blood was bringing me back to life . 
 but then , al too soon , cade was torn from my grasp and i found myself eye to eye with bo . 
 `` get him out of here , '' he cal ed sharply to someone over his shoulder . 
 i did n't see who . 
 i could n't take my eyes from him , from his thunderous expression . 
 he looked angry . 
 but he also looked worried and tired and hungry and delicious al at the same time . 
 without taking his eyes from mine , bo reached behind him and slammed the door shut . 
 i saw the change in him as his pupils widened . 
 the deep , rich brown of his irises did n't fade because his thirst had been satisfied . 
 no , it was hunger that i saw . 
 hunger for me . 
 hunger for my soul , for my love , for my body . 
 desire rippled through me at the look on his face . 
 i almost forgot that i stil needed blood , that i stil ached for something other than bo himself . 
 i could see intent in his eyes as he watched me . 
 he wanted to take me , to satisfy the passionate hunger we 'd felt for what seemed like an eternity already . 
 he was as tired of fighting it as i was . 
 rather than tearing my clothes off and whisking me away on a wave of sensual satisfaction , bo tore open his wrist and held it to my lips . 
 without hesitation , i touched my tongue to the trickle and lapped it up , reveling in the taste . 
 i closed my eyes to savor the flavor . 
 there was no comparison to blood that came from bo . 
 not even cade 's delicious fluid could compete with the sweetness that pumped through bo 's veins . 
 as i suckled greedily at his wrist , bo walked me backward to the bed . 
 when the backs of my knees hit the mattress , i stopped . 
 bo took his wrist from my mouth and covered my lips with his own . 
 he wanted me . 
 badly . 
 i could taste it as plainly as i could taste his blood . 
 and , somehow , it was even more delicious , even more irresistible . 
 when i felt his hands at my waist , i did n't hesitate to lift my arms as he pul ed my shirt up over my head . 
 then his lips were on mine again , devouring me . 
 his hands roamed up and down my back until they stopped once more at my waist , coming around to my bel y. i felt his fingers working loose the button and zipper of my jeans . 
 he leaned back to look at me and then dropped to one knee to pul off my shoes before he eased my pants down my legs . 
 obligingly , i stepped out of them . 
 bo 's eyes never left mine as he stood . 
 bending , he swept me up in his arms and laid me gently back on the bed , my head resting once more on the mountain of pil ows . 
 the stimulating rasp of velvet against my naked skin sent a cascade of chil s skittering across my chest and bel y. backing away , bo reached for the hem of his own shirt and peeled it off , revealing to my starving eyes the pale , smooth skin that covered his muscular chest and stomach . 
 when he reached for the button of his jeans , he paused . 
 my eyes flew to his and i saw the blaze of my own desire reflected there , scorching in its heat and intensity . 
 the grate of metal teeth drew my eyes back down . 
 i was immediately mesmerized by the play of muscles in bo 's arms and abdomen as he unzipped his jeans and bent to remove his shoes . 
 when he straightened , he did n't take off his jeans . 
 instead he crawled up onto the bed and took my foot in his hand , pressing his lips to the arch . 
 his eyes did n't leave mine as he licked and nipped his way up the inside of my leg . 
 when he laid my leg back on the bed , he trailed the fingers of his other hand up the inside of my right thigh , gently spreading my legs so he could stretch out on his bel y between them . 
 heat swept through me as i looked down at bo 's burning eyes where he hovered only inches from the place i needed him most . 
 as i watched , he pul ed his lips back from his razor-sharp teeth and then drove them into the tender skin of my groin . 
 a shower of fire and light exploded inside me and i closed my eyes and let the pleasure consume me . 
 i could barely breathe , the sensation was so incredible . 
 the intimacy of it , the bliss of it was so intense that al thought was washed away by wave after wave of ecstasy . 
 when bo 's mouth moved from my leg , i felt his lips graze my left hand . 
 i opened my eyes a crack and saw a golden band encircling my ring finger . 
 my befuddled mind wondered over it for just a moment before it returned to bo as he kissed his way up my body . 
 stretching out atop me , bo nestled his hips between my thighs as his mouth covered mine . 
 i tasted the delicious flavor of my own blood when he slid his tongue between my teeth to tangle with mine . 
 shifting his weight to one side , bo 's knowing fingers teased a trail from my throat to my shoulder where he eased my bra strap down . 
 his lips fol owed the path with feathery kisses al the way to my breast . 
 i could n't hold back a moan as his skil ed tongue adored every inch of flesh he revealed . 
 a liquid heat began to bubble just below my navel . 
 i knew instinctively that this was our moment . 
 this was our time - the right time . 
 reaching behind me , bo unclasped my bra and quickly dispatched the material . 
 he leaned back , his eyes roving over my bare br ** sts causing a flush to spread across my chest . 
 `` you 're so beautiful , '' he whispered reverently . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 he bent his head and sprinkled hot kisses al the way from my throat to the flat of my stomach and on to my navel , where he dipped his tongue inside . 
 his fingers slipped beneath the band of my panties and he worked the silky material down my legs until he was once again at my feet . 
 tossing my last piece of clothing aside , bo slid from the bed and stood , worshipping me with his eyes as he pushed his jeans down his legs . 
 he straightened and stood perfectly stil as i raised myself onto my elbows to memorize every detail of his flawless naked form . 
 i felt as though i would burst when bo set one knee on the bed and crawled back to me . 
 he eased himself down between my legs , covering my body with his . 
 the feel of his skin shifting against mine sent a gush of steamy desire pouring through me . 
 every nerve in my body was screaming out for his touch . 
 i ached in ways i 'd never ached before , ached in places i 'd never ached before . 
 i was alive with need . 
 when i opened my mouth to beg , to plead with bo to put an end to the unbearable want that flooded my body , he smothered my plea with his lips . 
 his kiss was deep and fiery with passion . 
 it drove me to the brink of a need so desperate , a desire so overwhelming that it stole my breath . 
 bo 's lips left mine as he positioned himself over me . 
 with an intensity that seemed to singe my very soul , he gazed unblinkingly into my eyes , and in that time , a space no longer than a single heartbeat , our thoughts were one . 
 in my head , i heard a word as if we 'd both spoken it aloud . 
 `` forever '' echoed through my mind and through my heart as bo joined his body to mine in one smooth motion . 
 with that one action , in that one moment of the most intense ecstasy i 'd ever experienced , he sealed our fates . 
 he sealed our fates , our bodies , our lives , our love and our future . 
 we delighted in each other 's bodies for what seemed like hours before we rested . 
 it was as my body was floating back down to earth from the clouds that i became aware of bo rubbing my ring finger . 
 slowly , i opened my eyes . 
 there , poised over me with his weight resting on his forearms , was bo . 
 he had my hand in his , brushing his thumb back and forth over the empty space below the knuckle of my left fourth finger . 
 when he raised his eyes to mine , there was stil passion in them , passion i could clearly remember us slaking only moments before . 
 or had we ? 
 bo opened his mouth as if to say something , but then closed it with a snap of his teeth . 
 when i saw the wetness of my blood stil glistening on his lips , i became even more confused , different memories col iding in my mind and wrestling for the truth , for reality . 
 raising my head , i glanced down between our bodies and saw that my bra was stil intact , stil hiding my nakedness from bo 's gaze . 
 i lay my head back down and my eyes met bo 's again . 
 we looked questioningly at one another . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 i asked in a whisper . 
 `` did you see it , too ? '' 
 he inquired , his voice husky with desire . 
 `` yes , i saw it . 
 and - and i felt it , too , '' i confessed , feeling suddenly shy . 
 one side of bo 's mouth pul ed up into a satisfied grin . 
 `` so did i. '' i felt a flush of warmth suffuse the skin of my cheeks and i could n't quel the nervous giggle that bubbled in my throat . 
 `` i - i do n't understand , '' i admitted . 
 bo shrugged , shaking his head in amazement . 
 `` neither do i. '' `` maybe it 's because we drank each other 's blood . '' 
 `` but we 've done that before and never had this happen . '' 
 `` true , '' i said , chewing my lip in thought . 
 `` of course , i was n't a vampire then . '' 
 `` good point . 
 maybe our connection is just getting stronger , '' he said , shifting his weight to one side and brushing a strand of hair from my cheek with one hand . 
 `` we 're destined to be together . 
 that 's just more proof . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i answered agreeably . 
 i knew that my attempt to be casual was a miserable failure . 
 it was undoubtedly belied by the smile that i felt wrinkle the corners of my eyes and beam out at bo from my face . 
 but i could n't help it . 
 to hear bo speaking about our destiny , about our lives as if they were forever joined by divine wil was like pouring sweet , warm honey al over my heart . 
 tracing my lower lip with the tip of one finger , bo asked , `` so how do you feel ? '' 
 i felt the blush again as i answered , `` wonderful . 
 how do you feel ? '' 
 bo chuckled and my stomach clenched in response to the rich , sensual sound . 
 `` that 's not what i meant , but i feel wonderful , too , '' he said , brushing my lips with his . 
 `` i meant , how do you feel thirst-wise ? '' 
 `` oh , '' i said , making a concerted effort to pry my focus away from bo long enough to take inventory of my body . 
 `` it 's under control . 
 why ? '' 
 `` if that 's the case , i 'm thinking we should probably go check on cade . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` oh , crap ! 
 i forgot al about cade and annika . 
 oh my gosh , i - '' `` i 'm just referring to cade and his throat . '' 
 i frowned at bo in confusion for only a fraction of a second before my memories came flooding back . 
 i gasped . 
 `` what have i done ? '' 
 i wondered , slapping a hand over my gaping mouth . 
 `` i 'm sure annika was able to take care of him . 
 what happened ? '' 
 bo asked , watching me careful y. `` what was he doing in here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i was asleep and i think it was the smel of his blood that woke me . 
 i saw the doorknob twist and the next thing i knew , i was drinking from him . '' 
 a vague feeling of nausea over what i 'd done warred with a rising thirst at the remembered pleasure of his slick blood sliding down my throat . 
 i closed my eyes against it . 
 `` mr. hearst , '' bo said flatly . 
 my eyes popped open and bo was looking at me , chagrined . 
 i smiled sheepishly . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 once mr. hearst helped me to bring my wayward body back under control , bo and i dressed in intimate silence . 
 then , taking my hand , he led me from the bedroom . 
 we made our way to the den where annika and cade sat . 
 cade smiled at us as we entered . 
 annika , however , seemed a bit perturbed . 
 spearing cade with his eyes , bo asked without preamble , `` what were you doing in her room ? '' 
 cade looked to annika before turning his attention back to bo . 
 `` maybe you two should sit down . '' 
 his answer was one that seemed to throw open the windows of foreboding and usher in the dark cloud that settled over the room . 
 i thought bo might argue or become antagonistic , but he did n't , probably because he felt the cloud , too . 
 i could sense the tension in him as if it were my own . 
 and maybe , somehow , it was . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that , but it had to be done , '' cade said as we sat . 
 `` you mean you had to go into my girlfriend 's room while she slept and nearly get yourself kil ed ? 
 what were you trying to do ? '' 
 `` she had to drink my blood . 
 that 's why annika was so adamant about going with you to bury the bodies and feed . 
 she knew i wanted to be alone with ridley . '' 
 a surge of jealousy rose up inside me and i heard nothing beyond the part about annika and bo feeding together . 
 `` she went hunting with you ? '' 
 bo had the decency to look guilty for not tel ing me . 
 `` yes . 
 she has to feed , too . '' 
 when i looked back at annika , the corners of her mouth twitched as if she was having trouble containing a smile . 
 i wanted to throttle her . 
 `` and why , exactly , did ridley need to drink from you ? '' 
 bo asked , undeterred by my aggravation . 
 he was like a dog with a bone . 
 `` because i can give her something she desperately needs , '' cade answered calmly . 
 bo shot to his feet . 
 `` i can give her everything she needs , and the next time i find out you 've been near her in my absence , even annika wo n't be able to save you . '' 
 cade stood also , stil calm and unruffled by bo 's ire . 
 `` you ca n't give her my blood and my blood is what she needs . '' 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 bo demanded tightly , his fingers curling into fists at his sides . 
 `` because i can see the future and i know that she needs something that i alone can give her . '' 
 chapter ten `` you can what ? '' 
 bo blurted incredulously . 
 `` i can see glimpses of the future . '' 
 bo snorted derisively . 
 i knew he wanted to scoff , but he did n't . 
 i think we 'd both seen too much by that point to seriously doubt what he was saying . 
 `` alright , so you can see the future . 
 what does that have to do with ridley ? 
 why does she need your blood ? '' 
 `` because she is the key to kil ing our father , '' he explained evenly . 
 `` she did n't have to drink your blood for us to know that . 
 we already knew . '' 
 `` no , but she ' l need it to give you the information you need to kil him . '' 
 that gave bo pause . 
 that gave us al pause , even annika . 
 it made me wonder how much she knew -lrb- or rather how much she did n't know -rrb- about cade 's presence in her life . 
 `` wel , you 've accomplished your mission . 
 she drank your blood , so now you can stay the he - '' `` oh , no . 
 she wil need it until every word of iofiel 's letter is written on her skin . '' 
 bo shook his head angrily . 
 `` absolutely not . 
 we ' l find another way . '' 
 `` there is no other way . 
 this is what must be done if you are serious about ending sebastian . '' 
 `` of course i 'm serious about ending him , but it 's my destiny . 
 it has nothing to do with you . '' 
 `` oh , but that 's where you 're wrong . 
 you ca n't forget that i 'm the son of a fal en angel , too . 
 i have a role in his destruction and it 's to help ridley get you what you need . '' 
 `` she could kil you . 
 she could accidental y turn you . 
 or the loss of life could drive you to madness . 
 you 're wil ing to risk that because you think you can see the future ? 
 because you think you know what ridley needs ? '' 
 `` you know as wel as i that her fangs are too immature to infect me . 
 she wo n't hurt me . 
 she ca n't . '' 
 `` you could n't possibly know that , '' bo said , but i could see that he immediately regretted his hasty words , knowing what cade would say . 
 `` as a matter of fact i can . '' 
 `` wel , this is not up to us to decide . 
 it should be up to ridley , '' bo said , looking back at me . 
 `` of course , '' cade agreed , `` but i can assure you she wo n't mind . '' 
 bo 's head swung back around to cade , his eyes narrowing . 
 `` and neither wil you , is that it ? '' 
 bo 's voice was low and calm . 
 deadly calm . 
 `` i 'm sure you 've been told of the ... sensation that humans can experience with a vampire bite . '' 
 `` only you 're not human . 
 not real y , are you ? '' 
 `` in some ways i 'm very much human . '' 
 i wanted to slap cade . 
 he was n't helping matters at al . 
 annika had been merely an observer up to that point , and of course , she would choose that moment to jump into the fray . 
 `` surely you trust her to drink a little human blood , do n't you , bo ? '' 
 `` i trust h e r completely . '' 
 he did n't need to finish the sentence to get his point across . 
 the words he did n't say hung in the air like a tangible entity , his intent quite clear to everyone . 
 annika snorted . 
 `` as if cade could force her to do anything she did n't want to do . 
 she is a vampire after al . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` annika ! '' 
 bo snapped , turning his displeased gaze on her . 
 `` you 're not helping . '' 
 `` look , bo , '' cade asserted . 
 `` let 's be reasonable about this . 
 i know what kind of ... thing our father is . 
 i know he needs to die and i know that you are the only one who can kil him . 
 i also know that , in order to do that , you need the help of your mate , the mate . 
 the chosen one . 
 what you have to understand is that she needs me . '' 
 silence stretched out between them like a living , breathing thing , grumbling and pulsing with animosity . 
 as i thought about bo 's destiny , the importance of his ultimate mission in life , i felt a surge of panic at the thought of spending eternity walking the earth without him after he regained his mortality . 
 as i 'd done many times in recent days , however , i ruthlessly squashed those thoughts , reminding myself that sebastian was a danger to virtual y every human on the planet . 
 he was like a disease that could easily spread out of control if he was n't stopped . 
 and bo was the only person alive that could stop him . 
 how could i ever stand in the way of that ? 
 it was with that in mind that i came to my feet and spoke into bo 's ear . 
 `` bo , if that 's how i 'm supposed to help you then maybe you ought to trust him . 
 maybe his blood had something to do with what happened between us earlier . '' 
 bo searched my eyes for several seconds before turning back to cade . 
 `` i do n't want you near her when i 'm not around . 
 we can discuss this in more detail later , '' bo said gruffly . 
 cade nodded once . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 cade 's ebony eyes slid to me before they moved on to annika . 
 in that one brief instant , i would 've sworn that i saw anticipation in them . 
 luckily bo did n't see it and i certainly was n't going to mention anything . 
 i was just about to suggest that bo and i go do something to get out of the house for a while when my phone rang . 
 the cal er id showed that it was savannah . 
 `` what 's up , chickie ? '' 
 she asked by way of greeting in her typical savannah way . 
 `` savannah ! '' 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 who were you expecting ? '' 
 `` oh , nobody , it 's just that i , um , i 've been thinking about you . '' 
 `` good stuff i hope . 
 how much you love my hair , how good my perfume smel s , how you wish you had my incredible eyesight . '' 
 i was beginning to get used to her coping mechanisms . 
 since she 'd lost her sight in a skirmish with trinity , savannah had col ected an entire arsenal of blind jokes and flippant remarks related to sight -lrb- or lack thereof -rrb- . 
 at first , i was shocked and a little uncomfortable by her comments , but i 'd come to realize that it was just savannah . 
 her kooky coping method was as much a part of who she was as her flame red hair . 
 `` ha . 
 ha , '' i teased sarcastical y. `` actual y , i was thinking of coming over for a visit tomorrow night . 
 you game ? '' 
 `` sure , but why wait ? 
 is it too late to come over tonight ? 
 is n't your mom passed out by now ? '' 
 at my silence , she leapt to the wrong conclusion . 
 `` sorry . 
 that was in poor taste . '' 
 `` no , do n't worry about that . 
 i 'm just thinking , '' i explained , glancing at bo who had n't moved an inch and was stil giving cade the stink eye . 
 `` can i cal you right back ? 
 i need to check on something . '' 
 `` yep . 
 i promise not to take off in the car until i hear from you . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` good to know the town is safe . '' 
 we hung up and bo final y dragged his attention away from cade . 
 `` that was savannah . 
 she wants me to come over . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 bo shrugged . 
 `` i do n't see any problem with that . '' 
 `` since i 've had some ... some ... '' `` human blood , '' cade provided from across the room . 
 both bo and i sent him a withering look . 
 cade held up his hands as if in surrender and turned his attention back to annika . 
 `` since i 've had that , she should be safe around me , right ? '' 
 `` i think so , but if you do n't feel comfortable , maybe you should wait . '' 
 i flicked my fingers as i pondered . 
 `` wel , i real y need to tel her what 's going on , especial y since trinity said that she 'd seen heather there . 
 i was going to tel her the other night , but sebastian cal ed and i did n't get the chance . '' 
 `` if you 're concerned about your thirst , i could go with you . '' 
 `` would you ? 
 that way if she does n't believe me , maybe she ' l believe you . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` it 's worth a shot . '' 
 i cal ed savannah back and told her i 'd be there in about ten minutes , but that i 'd come to her window . 
 she was curious , of course , so i explained that i wanted to talk to her in private . 
 i think she was stil a little suspicious , but she agreed without further question . 
 rather than take any risks with the car , bo and i jogged the distance and ended up getting there in half the time . 
 speed was one of the greatest upsides to being a vampire . 
 i crept through the grass and approached savannah 's house . 
 bo hurried around to the side of the garage to wait in the shadows . 
 savannah must 've been literal y at the window waiting for me . 
 she slid the glass up just as i was drawing near . 
 i was immediately hit with the tantalizing scent of her blood . 
 even from around the corner , bo must 've sensed or smel ed my reaction because i heard him whisper too faintly for savannah to hear , mr. hearst . 
 between the comical nature of his timely reminder and the reminder itself , i quickly brought my focus -lrb- and my body -rrb- back under my firm control . 
 i also silently thanked cade for his blood donation , the thing that would most effectively keep my friend safe from my wayward appetite . 
 i approached savannah . 
 even in the darkness i could see the flawless texture of her skin as if we were standing in broad daylight . 
 her hair was a more vivid red than i remembered and her eyes sparkled like chocolate diamonds . 
 she real y was a beautiful girl and i hated to be the one to have to bring my sweet friend bad news . 
 `` this is awesome ! 
 i 've had more visitors through my window since i met you than i have my whole life , '' she teased quietly . 
 `` how did you know i was here ? '' 
 `` i could hear you , '' she explained , lest i forget how heightened her sense of hearing had become . 
 she stepped back from the window , presumably so i could climb through . 
 `` i ' l stay out here . '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous . 
 come on in . '' 
 `` no , seriously , it ' l be safer for you if i stay outside . 
 trust me . '' 
 with that , savannah approached the window again , her porcelain brow puckering in worry . 
 `` why would you say that ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` savannah , i 've got to tel you something and i know it 's going to sound crazy , but it 's very important that you keep an open mind and try to give me the benefit of the doubt . '' 
 `` are you an alien ? 
 because i 'm not one of those people that think superman was a freak . 
 i 'm down with al the - '' i chuckled , interrupting her before she real y got going . 
 `` savannah , i 'm not an alien . '' 
 `` are you sure because i - '' `` i 'm positive . 
 but there is something that i have to tel you and it is about me . 
 and devon . 
 and your mother . '' 
 savannah 's frown deepened as she leaned on the window sil . 
 `` what about devon and my mother ? '' 
 i had to wonder briefly if she was already suspicious that something was amiss . 
 something about the way she asked , the way she half-turned her face away , as if she was n't quite sure she wanted the truth . 
 of course , it could 've been my imagination , too ; it was a wel - known fact that it worked overtime on flights of fancy . 
 `` the night we were attacked , did you think it was a little strange that lars was so strong ? 
 and trinity ? '' 
 `` i do n't - '' `` i know you 've started to remember bits and pieces of that night , savannah . 
 and there are other things that do n't add up either . 
 like you being able to see devon and al of a sudden your dead mother starts appearing to you . '' 
 `` but what does that have to do - '' `` we 're vampires , savannah . 
 al of us . 
 bo , too . 
 trinity was , but she 's gone now , '' i said , my throat closing up over the last words . 
 `` vampires . '' 
 savannah said it matter-of-factly , as if she did n't believe a word i said , but her eyes shone with a twinge of fear as she looked blankly past me . 
 `` is that the best you can do ? '' 
 `` i 'm serious , savannah . '' 
 `` so am i . 
 you came al the way over here to visit me and feed me this line of unimaginative crap ? '' 
 `` it 's not a line of crap . 
 it 's the truth . '' 
 `` and you expect me to believe you ? '' 
 `` i was hoping you 'd at least give it some thought . '' 
 `` of course i wo n't give it any thought . 
 it 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` wel , you 're making a huge mistake , because it 's not ridiculous . 
 it 's true . '' 
 at savannah 's pause , i realized her disbelief was not ironclad . 
 `` there 's nothing to support what you 're saying , '' she argued . 
 `` what about al this stuff with the slayer ? 
 have n't you ever wondered what it 's real y been about ? 
 how he was never caught , just sort of disappeared ? 
 and al the people we know that are now missing ? '' 
 she did n't need to answer . 
 her expression said she had puzzled over it , too . 
 `` alright then , say you 're tel ing the truth . 
 you said we . 
 if you are al the same , why ca n't i see you ? 
 why ca n't i see any of the others ? '' 
 `` because i have recently , '' i tripped over the gruesome term , `` fed . '' 
 `` so you 're saying that when a vampire has n't had blood , i can see them for some reason ? '' 
 `` that 's what i think , yes . '' 
 `` so you 're trying to tel me that you think devon is a vampire . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then what about my mother ? 
 she drowned , remember ? 
 she 's dead , '' savannah stated , the hurt stil evident in her voice . 
 `` i happen to know that she 's not . 
 dead , that is . '' 
 savannah 's eyes widened and i could see her struggling to quel the hope that rushed to the surface . 
 `` that 's insane . 
 i mean , how ... '' `` i have n't figured that out yet , but trust me , your mother 's alive . '' 
 `` trust you ? 
 have you - have you seen her or something ? '' 
 here comes the hard part . 
 `` yes . '' 
 savannah leaned out through the window . 
 `` you 've seen my mother ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` ridley , you have to take me to her . '' 
 `` i ca n't do that . 
 i do n't know where she is . '' 
 `` then take me to where you saw her . '' 
 `` she wo n't be going back there . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` how can you even be sure it was my mother that you saw ? 
 i mean , it 's not like you ever got to meet her . '' 
 savannah leaned back inside the window , her mind already working hard to come up with alternatives other than the fact that her mother purposely stayed away and let her loved ones think she was dead . 
 `` i saw her picture in your room . 
 it was heather , savannah . 
 trust me . '' 
 she said nothing for several long , tense seconds and then i watched as her eyes fil ed with glistening tears . 
 savannah put hands to her mouth , like praying hands . 
 `` ridley , are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` my mother is alive ? '' 
 `` she is . '' 
 savannah laughed , closing her eyes to drink in an emotion i could n't fathom . 
 when they popped back open , however , they were fil ed with skeptical confusion . 
 `` so she real y has been staying away from me ? 
 from us ? 
 why did n't she come sooner ? '' 
 `` i told you , she 's a vampire . '' 
 `` ha ha , ridley . 
 be serious . '' 
 `` i am being serious . '' 
 `` ridley , it 's not funny anymore . '' 
 `` i 'm not trying to be funny . '' 
 `` maybe i can help , '' bo said as he came out from around the corner to approach the window as wel . 
 savannah 's mouth dropped open . 
 `` bo ? '' 
 bo smiled . 
 `` in the flesh . '' 
 `` omigod , come here , '' she said leaning out the window with her arms spread , ready for a hug . 
 bo obliged her by stepping in to her arms for a friendly embrace . 
 after they parted , savannah withdrew once more inside her window . 
 `` what is going on here ? '' 
 `` they 're tel ing you the truth , '' a familiar voice spoke from behind us . '' 
 bo and i turned , but saw nothing in the darkness . 
 i smel ed something , though . 
 it was a sweet , musky smel that i could n't readily identify . 
 `` devon , '' savannah whispered . 
 chapter eleven `` devon ? '' 
 i asked , searching the dim light for his shimmer . 
 even though my vision was great , i stil could n't make out his form . 
 it had been far too long since he 'd fed . 
 `` sounds like a lot of things have changed since that last time i saw you , '' he said , his voice getting closer as he approached me . 
 i felt his hand at my shoulder . 
 `` come here . '' 
 devon pul ed me in for a hug and i felt like crying for some reason . 
 in a way , he was like a taste of home , a taste of an existence that had been somewhat `` normal , '' one i 'd never see again . 
 now , there was very little left of the life we 'd shared . 
 many of our friends were dead , our eyes were opened to a world we had n't even known existed and our future was scary in a way that only infinity as a vampire can be . 
 `` who got you ? '' 
 he asked as he leaned back . 
 `` um , wel , that 's another thing i need to tel savannah . '' 
 i turned back to my friend , who was hovering silently in the opening to her bedroom . 
 i felt the weight of what i was about to tel her pressing on my shoulders like an invisible goril a clinging to my back . 
 `` savannah , somehow your mother got mixed up with a very , very bad person . 
 actual y , he was the very first vampire . 
 she ... she 's ... '' i trailed off , struggling to find a way to tel my friend something that would likely crush her . 
 `` just spit it out , ridley . '' 
 `` she 's the one who turned me into a vampire . '' 
 this time savannah did n't hesitate with the vampire thing , throwing aside al common sense to rush to her mother 's aid . 
 `` then she must 've had a good reason . 
 were you in trouble or something ? '' 
 `` no , savannah . 
 she did it for sebastian . '' 
 `` sebastian ? 
 the guy you babysat for ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 he 's actual y. . . 
 wel , he 's a fal en angel and the very first vampire . 
 he 's - '' `` a what ? '' 
 `` a fal en angel . 
 he 's the - '' `` omigod , this just keeps getting better and better , '' she said sardonical y , slapping her palm against the window sil . 
 `` wel , if you think that 's bad , then i suppose you do n't want to know that bo is the son of two angels and that he ca n't be kil ed . 
 god gifted him with true immortality until he can kil his father . 
 apparently i 'm destined to help him to do that , but we have no idea how to go about it . 
 so far , al we know is that sebastian is pretty much like the devil , your mother is his favorite gal pal , she turned me into a vampire , they kidnapped my niece and if bo kil s him , he ' l be mortal and i ' l be stuck like this forever . 
 alone . 
 i think that pretty much sums it up , do n't you , bo ? '' 
 when i turned to look at him , he was watching me with some amount of amusement , obviously having found my outburst humorous . 
 `` oh , yeah , and your mother is helping sebastian to find a way to kil bo . 
 i left that little tidbit out . 
 also , there 's the fact that no one on the planet is safe with those two lunatics running loose . 
 but , you know , no big deal . 
 evidently , i 'm just being ridiculous . '' 
 my tirade ended on a bit of a sharp note , one that was not lost on savannah . 
 she appeared a bit taken aback . 
 `` wel , '' devon began in his typical laid-back way , `` it sounds like things are much worse than i thought they were . 
 and here i thought savannah and i had it tougher than anyone else . 
 listening to you talk makes me glad to be me . '' 
 `` happy to help , '' i snapped sarcastical y. `` so does this mean stanford 's out ? 
 because i was total y gon na visit you there . '' 
 `` you were , huh ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 thought i could pul off haunted dorm room or something like that . 
 you know , anything to pass eternity . '' 
 i could n't help but laugh . 
 leave it to devon to lighten the mood , although i knew it was for savannah 's benefit . 
 she real y was n't looking so good . 
 `` you guys are serious ? '' 
 she breathed incredulously . 
 `` unfortunately , '' i responded . 
 `` so you 're saying that my mother is alive , but that she 's a vampire and she 's ... she 's mean ? '' 
 looking at savannah 's crestfal en expression made me feel like a murderer . 
 it seemed as though i 'd kil ed her mother , taken heather from her al over again . 
 i 'd robbed savannah of the memory of a loving , devoted mother and replaced it with the knowledge that heather was a cold-blooded vampire who 'd just up and abandoned her . 
 `` there 's something else about vampires . 
 their blood has a very powerful effect on humans , and if they share blood with a human , they can exert some amount of mind control . 
 how much depends on the age of the vampire . 
 but that 's just a regular vampire . 
 sebastian is different . 
 his blood is so potent that he has practical y erased hundreds of years of bo 's memories . 
 he could easily have manipulated your mother and may stil be . '' 
 while my words were entirely truthful and it was very possible that such could have been the case with savannah 's mother , i did n't believe that it actual y was . 
 being around heather made me think that there was something not right about her-something that had nothing to do with sebastian and everything to do with something else . 
 but i did n't want to tel savannah that . 
 it would help her to think that al this had been beyond her mother 's control , and that was the least i could do for her-to let her believe that . 
 `` do you think i ' l ever see her again ? 
 i mean , what wil happen now ? '' 
 `` i honestly do n't know , but you have to keep in mind that , if she does show up , she 's very dangerous . 
 even though she 's your mother , it 's hard to tel what sebastian 's blood may have done to her , how it might have changed the way she thinks and feels . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm not worried about that . 
 she 's my mother . 
 she loves me , just like she always did . '' 
 `` but savannah , you ca n't - '' `` trust me , ridley , '' she interrupted abruptly . 
 `` i know my mother . '' 
 realizing there was no point arguing with her , i just nodded and let the issue rest . 
 `` so where are you guys staying ? '' 
 devon asked , providing the perfect tension-breaking change of subject . 
 `` at sebastian 's house for the time being . 
 i 'm stil afraid to be alone at my house with my parents or to go to school until i real y get a handle on al of this , '' i answered . 
 `` what about you ? 
 where have you been staying ? '' 
 `` my house . 
 after a few weeks of watching trinity feed , it got real y easy to deny myself blood , so now i just sneak in and out of my house . 
 it 's easiest that way . 
 besides , i think it makes mom feel better . 
 somehow , i think she can sense me . 
 sometimes she ' l even talk to me like she can see me , like she knows i 'm there . 
 it 's pretty cool . '' 
 the sadness in devon 's voice belied his casual words . 
 i could n't imagine how hard the last weeks had been for him . 
 i saw savannah looking over my shoulder , smiling . 
 at least they had each other , a person to cling to in al this madness . 
 devon provided savannah with something to see in an otherwise dark existence and savannah saw devon when he was al but invisible to the rest of the world . 
 the perfect match . 
 not a bad deal , al things considered . 
 `` so now that the secret 's out and the band is back together again , maybe we can meet up at sebastian 's . 
 savannah , i could come get you and then bring you home later . 
 i 'd just have to make sure and feed right beforehand . '' 
 `` you 'd real y try to eat me ? 
 after al we 've been through ? 
 that 's friendship for you , '' she teased with exaggerated indignation . 
 `` trust me , it 's a lot harder to control than what i ever imagined . 
 i do n't know how devon does it . '' 
 al eyes turned in devon 's general direction and i imagined him shrugging . 
 `` i do n't know how either . 
 i just do , '' he said cryptical y. i did n't want to ask how he was stil alive or how long he could go on like that . 
 i was n't sure anyone wanted that question answered , so i kept my mouth shut . 
 an awkward silence stretched around our little circle until final y savannah broke it with a question that felt more like a bomb going off in my chest again . 
 `` so what happened to trinity ? 
 you said she 's gone , right ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 devon asked . 
 i heard him take a step toward me . 
 `` yeah , she 's gone . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 devon was obviously very interested . 
 `` aisha caught up with her . 
 kil ed her before we could stop her . '' 
 `` why would you want to stop her anyway ? 
 trinity deserved everything she got , '' devon spat bitterly . 
 `` not in the end , she did n't . 
 she was like a total y different person . 
 tragedy can change anybody , devon . 
 anybody . '' 
 `` wel , i find it hard to believe that trinity had a decent bone in her body . 
 if you could 've seen ... '' devon trailed off . 
 in my head , i pictured him shivering in revulsion . 
 `` devon , you might be able to control your thirst and that 's both admirable and enviable , but it 's not so easy for everyone else . 
 besides , trinity had a terrible teacher . 
 and she was under the influence of lars 's blood , so we do n't know how much of what she did was real y trinity . '' 
 `` i have to say , i 'm kinda with devon on this . 
 trinity was just a nasty person , '' savannah commented . 
 `` you did n't get to see her die . 
 you did n't get to talk to her and see her and - '' i stopped , my stomach knotting and my chest swel ing painful y with memories of trinity . 
 `` what happened ? 
 exactly . '' 
 `` aisha was crazed . 
 trinity fed on her a few too many times . 
 like summer . 
 i do n't think trinity knew what it could do to humans when you keep feeding on them . '' 
 `` oh , she knew , '' devon assured bitterly . 
 `` wel , regardless , it caught up with her and it cost her both her grandmother 's life as wel as her own . '' 
 `` trinity caused a lot of heartache during her miserable existence . 
 it was only a matter of time until it came back around to bite her . '' 
 `` um , ridley , '' savannah interrupted uncertainly . 
 `` why is it that i can sort of see you ? '' 
 savannah 's question drew everyone 's attention to me . 
 for an instant i was confused , but then her observation brought my increasing thirst to the forefront of my mind . 
 i felt the burn creeping up into my throat and i turned to bo . 
 `` why would i need to feed again so soon ? '' 
 `` you ca n't forget that your body is stil adjusting . 
 it could take weeks for your metabolism to slow down to a more normal rate for a vampire . 
 plus , you 've had a lot of emotional stress today . 
 that 's very taxing , especial y for a woman . '' 
 `` i did n't realize that we had room in our circle for male chauvinists , '' savannah griped . 
 `` i suppose we 're just not smart enough to figure that out . 
 is that it ? '' 
 `` you know that 's not what i meant . 
 she 's under a lot of stress and women feel more . 
 you know that . '' 
 savannah frowned , but said nothing , unable to argue with the truth . 
 `` wel , i guess that means that we 'd better go , '' i said to bo . 
 `` so , what are you going to do ? 
 go find someone to , like , drink their blood ? '' 
 savannah 's question made me feel ashamed of myself . 
 i was like some kind of parasite or criminal that had to take what most people were unwil ing to give freely . 
 my cheeks stung with embarrassment . 
 `` no , she feeds from me , '' bo volunteered . 
 `` she ca n't even stand the thought of feeding from animals . 
 ridley 's proof that becoming a vampire does not make you a monster . '' 
 with that , bo took my hand and tugged as he turned to leave . 
 as far as he was concerned , this visit was over . 
 i looked back at him , squeezing his fingers in silent gratitude for his defense of my character . 
 `` sorry . 
 i did n't mean it like that , ridley . 
 real y. i 'm sorry . '' 
 i smiled at savannah , even though she could n't see it very wel . 
 `` eh , do n't worry about it . 
 it 's new to me , too . '' 
 `` i ' l see you later , though , right ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 just give me a cal when you want to come out and i ' l be sure to be ... wel - fed . '' 
 savannah grinned . 
 `` i have dangerous friends . 
 how cool am i ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 she would see it that way . 
 `` very cool . '' 
 `` devon , come by any time . '' 
 `` where is it that you 're staying again ? '' 
 i gave him the address and explained about the drive being al but hidden . 
 he knew the area and promised to stop by . 
 with that , bo and i made our exit . 
 we had n't gone very far when bo stopped and took my face in his hands . 
 `` are you in very much pain ? 
 do you think you can make it home , or ... ? '' 
 looking into his gorgeous eyes and being surrounded by the scent that turned my stomach to mush , i was sure i 'd never love another person as much as i loved the man standing in front of me . 
 he was so caring , so gal ant , so passionately in love with me that i could al but feel it seeping into my skin through his fingertips . 
 and , truthful y , nothing had ever felt so good . 
 `` i can make it . 
 i 'm okay , '' i assured him , reaching up to lay my hand over his . 
 `` thank you for what you said to savannah . '' 
 bo shrugged . 
 `` why thank me ? 
 it was the truth . '' 
 `` i guess i just did n't realize that you saw me that way . '' 
 `` you 're perfect and that 's exactly how i see you . 
 you 're warm and compassionate , you 're strong and capable . 
 everything about you makes me want to be a better person . '' 
 even as my cheeks flushed with what little blood was left circulating in my body , i felt my heart swel to the point of bursting at his words . 
 `` i can think of a thousand reasons i do n't deserve you and that just makes me love you that much more . '' 
 `` it 's no more than i love you , '' i said quietly , mesmerized by bo , by his touch and his eyes , by the sweet magic of the moment . 
 i was captivated by the sheer pleasure of his words , especial y knowing that , in al likelihood , he 'd be gone from my life one day . 
 `` ridley , i 'm going to find a way to work al this out . 
 i wo n't leave you to spend eternity alone . 
 time can come and go , but i ' l never leave your side . '' 
 i wanted so desperately to believe him , but i just did n't see a way for that to happen . 
 rather than letting facts ruin the moment , though , i simply nodded in agreement . 
 `` there 's nothing i want more . '' 
 his eyes scanned my face , as if he was taking in every fading detail and committing it to memory . 
 `` i love you , ridley hel er . '' 
 he said it with such conviction , such sincerity , i could n't help but smile as my heart fluttered around in my chest . 
 there were no words that i needed to hear more than those . 
 `` i love you , too , jonathan bowman , boaz , bjorn , whoever you are that stole my heart . 
 whenever it is that i final y die and leave this world , i ' l die loving you . '' 
 bo dipped his head and brushed his lips over mine in the most loving , heartfelt kiss we 'd ever shared . 
 it was tender and sad and it said al the things that we both knew deep down , but refused to speak aloud . 
 it said that forever might not come for us . 
 it said that our days were likely numbered and that our ending might not be so happy . 
 it said that we have now-right now-and that 's it . 
 we have no promises for tomorrow , only right now and we had to seize the day , the hour , the moment . 
 when he leaned back and our eyes met again , volumes were spoken , though neither of us said a word . 
 instead , through our silence , we were agreeing to leave it unsaid until later . 
 without a sound , bo reached down and took my hand . 
 he led me back to sebastian 's , back to our room , back to our hiding place . 
 the house was dark and quiet when we returned . 
 i could only assume that cade was sleeping since he was , in fact , mostly human and that annika was either resting or hunting . 
 either way , i did n't care as long as she was n't around . 
 bo led me straight back to the room that i was beginning to think of as `` ours '' and shut the door behind us . 
 when he turned to me , the look on his face clearly indicated his intentions . 
 excitement skittered along my nerves and within seconds i could smel the passion warming his blood . 
 my mouth watered and i felt the subtle shifting in my gums that i was starting to associate with my teeth becoming fang-like . 
 desire slithered through me like a sensuous snake , intertwining with the need for blood in a way that was making it hard to separate one urge from the other . 
 the shril chirp of my cel phone barely penetrated the haze that was overtaking me . 
 bo had no such problem , though . 
 it broke his focus instantly . 
 when i made no move to dig the little square out of my pocket , bo slid his fingers into the snug slit of my jeans and worked it out . 
 i could 've cared less about the phone . 
 heat seemed to shoot out from his fingertips and set my core on fire . 
 `` savannah , '' bo announced softly , holding the phone out to me . 
 i wanted to turn and throw it through the window , but there were no windows in `` our '' room . 
 instead , i sighed and begrudgingly took the phone from him . 
 `` hel o ? '' 
 `` omigod , ridley ! 
 they took devon . 
 they took devon ! '' 
 the sensual fog lifted immediately , my mind honing in on savannah with sharp clarity . 
 `` who ? 
 who took him savannah ? 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 she began to sob . 
 `` i think it was my mother . '' 
 chapter twelve i had no idea what to say to that . 
 i could tel by savannah 's voice that her heart was breaking . 
 `` i could n't see her this time , but i heard a woman whisper and it sounded like her . 
 and i could smel roses , '' she cried miserably . 
 `` savannah , was she alone ? 
 did you hear anything else ? '' 
 i knew i could count on her picking up on any extraneous sounds . 
 since she 'd lost her sight , savannah 's hearing was probably nearly as sharp as a vampire 's . 
 `` i think there might 've been someone with her , '' she sniffled . 
 `` i could see a tal , dark shape , but nothing clear . 
 it sort of looked like the silhouette of a man , but there was something around him , almost like there was something coming out from him , from his back . '' 
 i thought of sebastian flexing his dark angel 's wings that night in the hidden room , the one just above my head , and i wondered if that was what savannah was somehow seeing . 
 `` did you hear him say anything ? '' 
 `` i heard the woman whispering to someone , asking if he was sure ` he ' was the one , i guess referring to devon . '' 
 `` okay , wait . 
 back up and tel me exactly what happened . '' 
 `` you and bo had just left and devon was standing outside my window . 
 he was getting ready to come inside when i saw his head jerk around . 
 i guess he either heard or smel ed them or something . 
 anyway , he backed up and turned around and then everything happened so fast , he was just there one minute and gone the next . '' 
 `` is that when you heard the voices ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 when devon turned around , i saw the shape kind of come over devon , like the darkness sort of swal owed him up , and then the woman asked if he was the one . 
 no one ever answered her , though . 
 the darkness just sort of melted away and they were gone . 
 but i could smel her , ridley . 
 she smel ed like roses . 
 she smel ed like mom . '' 
 i could only imagine how devastating it would be to find out that your mother and your boyfriend were both vampires and that your mother was playing for the wrong team . 
 but to have her kidnap the love of your life ? 
 not a good day by anyone 's standards . 
 `` savannah , maybe - '' `` how could she do that to me , ridley ? 
 how could my own mother take the boy i love like that ? 
 just take him away from me after everything that 's happened ? 
 after everything i 've been through ? '' 
 `` just remember that she 's not the person you remember . 
 she 's probably under the influence of some very powerful , very evil blood . '' 
 `` but i 'm her daughter . 
 how could she ? '' 
 i had no answers for savannah . 
 i simply sat quietly as she sobbed into the phone , heartbreak and betrayal gushing through the connection and fil ing the room in which i stood , several miles away . 
 it was that sympathy for her that prompted my promise , a promise i had no way of keeping but one that i made nonetheless . 
 `` we ' l get him back , savannah . 
 i promise . 
 we ' l get devon back for you . '' 
 `` thank you , ridley . '' 
 she did n't ask how , likely because she knew that my assurances were completely unfounded . 
 but it gave her hope , as i 'd meant for it to , and that was enough for the moment . 
 hope would stave off despair . 
 savannah had experienced far too much of that in recent days and i refused to let her suffer even more . 
 `` i ' l cal you later , okay ? 
 as soon as we can figure out what 's going on . '' 
 `` but how wil you do that ? 
 i mean , do you have any idea where they might have taken him ? '' 
 `` no , but i think i know of a way that i might be able to find out . '' 
 i looked at bo and his expression told me that he knew what i was thinking and he did n't like it one bit . 
 `` cal me as soon as you find out anything . 
 anything , ridley , okay ? 
 promise me . '' 
 `` i promise , '' i said , injecting the word with as much optimism and conviction as i could manage . 
 al things considered , it was n't much . 
 `` we ' l talk soon . '' 
 after we hung up , bo and i said nothing during what ended up being a protracted silence . 
 it hung heavily between us , like an empty black hole surrounded by his disapproval and my desperation . 
 final y , i offered my point of view . 
 `` you know as wel as i do that this might have something to do with sebastian 's plan to kil you . 
 and savannah 's been through enough . 
 she needs our help . 
 so does devon . '' 
 `` you think i do n't know that ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` you know if there was another way , i 'd choose it . 
 but there 's not . 
 you know there 's not . 
 this is the only way . '' 
 bo 's lips thinned , his chiseled mouth straightening into a grim , tight line . 
 he knew i was right . 
 stil , he did n't like it . 
 `` you stay here . 
 i ' l go wake cade . '' 
 bo turned and strode angrily across the room . 
 if there had ever been a doubt about cade 's ability , it was likely put to rest in both our minds when bo opened the door to find cade standing patiently on the other side , thick arms crossed casual y over his wide chest . 
 `` you need me , '' cade stated , his deep voice scratchy . 
 he did n't phrase it as a question because he had no doubts . 
 it was n't real y him rubbing in his ability and his usefulness . 
 it was cade simply stating a fact , stating a conclusion that he 'd come to in his own precognitive way . 
 bo said nothing , simply turned sharply away from the door to come and stand at my side . 
 `` ridley thinks you might be able to help her - '' `` find devon , '' cade interrupted . 
 `` i know . 
 and i can . '' 
 bo and i glanced at one another . 
 cade 's round-about reiteration of his integral role in bo 's destiny only seemed to further aggravate bo . 
 unfortunately , bo 's comfort had to take a backseat in this case . 
 `` how does it work exactly ? '' 
 `` for me , the visions just come unexpectedly . 
 but for you , i 'm not sure . 
 try focusing on what it is that you want to know . 
 i think that might help . '' 
 `` okay , '' i agreed automatical y , already wondering if i could manage to concentrate that ful y , that completely while drinking delicious human blood . 
 `` where would you like to do this ? '' 
 cade asked in a very considerate way . 
 `` it does n't - '' i began , but bo interrupted abruptly . 
 `` not here . 
 anywhere but in here , '' he ground out . 
 `` how about - '' `` and not your room either , '' bo said , not even letting cade finish his suggestion . 
 `` the living room then . 
 is that platonic enough for you ? '' 
 cade 's eyes sparkled with a devilish light , but bo did n't appreciate his teasing . 
 he nearly growled in his displeasure . 
 `` can you heal like we can ? 
 because i 'd be happy to test your resilience . '' 
 cade merely smiled . 
 amazingly , even in the face of bo 's blatant threat , it was an unconcerned smile , almost amused . 
 `` shal we ? '' 
 cade asked , looking at me and tipping his head toward the door . 
 he led the way down the hal to the den area just off the kitchen , what he 'd referred to as the living room . 
 as we trailed him , i could plainly smel his growing desire . 
 it made his blood smel sweet and musky . 
 my body 's response was the burning in my throat and on my tongue and the extension of my fangs . 
 by the time cade had stopped in front of the sofa and stretched out ful length upon it , i was having trouble control ing my urges and my thoughts . 
 as i eyed the heavy pulse in cade 's throat , i was nearly consumed by the remembered taste of his rich blood on my lips . 
 `` ridley ! '' 
 bo cal ed sharply , grabbing my arm to restrain me from going after cade right away . 
 `` focus . 
 remember what you 're trying to find out . 
 focus on devon . '' 
 although his voice penetrated the al - consuming throb of cade 's heartbeat as it rang in my ears , i had to struggle to assimilate what he 'd said and make the necessary adjustments . 
 when i 'd managed to form a couple of coherent thoughts , i turned and nodded to bo . 
 reluctantly , he released my arm , al owing me to approach cade . 
 as i knelt in the floor , crouching in front of him , i glanced up at cade 's face . 
 it was etched with a blatant desire that only exacerbated the trouble i was having concentrating . 
 thus far , feeding had been so thoroughly comingled with sexual passion i was n't quite sure how to separate them now . 
 and though cade was no bo , i felt his desire for me like a tangible thing . 
 `` do it , '' cade croaked , his voice thick with his own kind of need and want . 
 his heartbeat had quickened and his breath came in short huffs as he panted with anticipation . 
 right before i drove my teeth into cade 's throat , i heard the angry hiss of bo 's breath through his teeth . 
 it was fol owed by the frustrated stomp of his feet as he paced behind me , an animal caged by his situational impotence . 
 there was nothing he could do and he knew it . 
 that was my last thought for a few mindlessly satisfying moments . 
 when cade 's blood squirted from his artery and coated my tongue with warm , sticky sweetness , i lost al thought of anything or anyone else . 
 i pul ed the heavenly fluid into my mouth in great gulps , reveling in the feel of it sliding down my throat , putting out the flames of my need . 
 at first , i thought nothing of strong arms coming around me and hauling me up onto a hard chest , of wide hands roaming my back and burying themselves in my hair . 
 but then , a face drifted through my mind . 
 it was bo 's . 
 in my mind 's eye , i could see the hurt on his face , the discomfort of having to watch me so intimately embraced by another man . 
 and enjoying it , no less ! 
 it was that realization , that shocking and painful thought that drew the curtain back from my mind and opened it up to clarity of purpose . 
 shifting atop cade , i let my legs fal until my knees hit the floor again and i focused al my attention on sifting through a fuzzy mountain of images for the familiar face of my friend . 
 final y , i saw sebastian and heather . 
 they were standing in front of a dirt wal , staring at something . 
 there was a lantern hanging from a hook buried in a wooden support beam to the left of sebastian 's head and i could make out the hint of a shimmer in the dim light . 
 there were several stakes emerging from different points in the vague shape , from what would 've been shoulders and thighs i imagined . 
 a horrifying image from my own memory overwhelmed the picture for an instant . 
 it was the picture of bo , staked by sebastian himself , hanging helplessly in just such a position only one floor above where i knelt in the floor . 
 before i could get lost in the demons from my own mind , voices brought my attention back to the scene from cade 's blood . 
 sebastian and heather were walking away . 
 they made their way through what looked like a mine shaft , replete with dirt wal s and floor , and y-shaped support beams spaced evenly along the length of the earthen tube . 
 `` we ' l keep him here until we find the other blood elements that i need , '' sebastian said . 
 `` if you ' l tel me what they are , who they are , i ' l help you find them . '' 
 sebastian stopped , turning to heather in the darkness . 
 he rubbed his thumb in an arc from her temple to the corner of her mouth and he smiled . 
 the gesture was a bewitching curl of his lips that gave me chil s as if someone had just walked over my grave . 
 `` oh , my dear , even your presence here has helped me more than you know . '' 
 heather looked radiant in the face of his compliment , but there was a light in sebastian 's eyes that gave me the impression that he meant something far more than heather understood . 
 hands pul ing gently at my shoulders brought me back to sebastian 's living room . 
 someone was tugging at me , cal ing my name . 
 it was bo . 
 `` ridley , that 's enough . 
 he 's getting faint , '' he was saying . 
 with a start , i withdrew my teeth and leaned up to look into cade 's face . 
 his eyes were closed and he was chalky white beneath his tan . 
 i tapped my fingers lightly on his cheek and softly cal ed his name . 
 `` cade . '' 
 no response . 
 again , i tapped . 
 `` cade . '' 
 stil no answer , so i slapped my palm lightly against his firm cheek . 
 `` cade ! '' 
 drunkenly , cade rol ed his head , turning his face toward the ceiling . 
 he smiled once without opening his eyes and then his head dropped off to the other side . 
 `` he ' l be fine , '' bo said . 
 `` he just needs to rest . '' 
 wrapping his fingers around my upper arm , bo urged me to stand . 
 once on my feet , i turned toward him and he used the backs of his fingers to wipe my mouth . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 `` i saw sebastian and heather . 
 they 're holding devon in some sort of abandoned mine i think . 
 he 's staked to the wal , like you were upstairs . '' 
 i could n't quel the shudder that racked my body . 
 `` did you see them leave ? 
 do you know where it is ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 although bo looked a bit disappointed , he quickly moved past it . 
 `` that 's alright . 
 it just so happens that we have a source who knows the woods like the back of his hand . 
 if there 's a mine shaft out there , lucius wil know where it is . '' 
 one side of bo 's mouth lifted in a lop-sided grin . 
 `` you did good , baby . '' 
 his words ran through me like warm sunshine coursing through my veins . 
 we looked into each other 's eyes for several seconds in one of those great romantic moments before bo started to frown . 
 before i could ask what was bothering him , his frown deepened , instantly bringing al my senses to high alert . 
 slowly , bo raised his hand and traced the skin of my cheek with his fingertips then lightly brushed them over my jaw and down my throat . 
 he pushed my hair back over my shoulder and spread the neckline of my shirt , examining my chest . 
 as he did , i could feel my skin tingle a little , almost prickle . 
 abruptly and wordlessly , bo reached down , took my hand and led me from the room . 
 when i saw that he was leading me to our room , i found my tongue . 
 `` bo what is it ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 stil , he said nothing , merely hurried me through the bedroom door and closed it behind us . 
 final y , he turned to me and spoke . 
 `` i need you to take off your shirt . '' 
 even though the circumstances were alarming , a twitter of excitement fluttered in my stomach . 
 without questioning him again , i reached for the hem of my shirt and pul ed it over my head . 
 bo stepped toward me and leaned in , his face so close that i could feel his warm breath on my skin , caressing me like the delicate wings of a butterfly . 
 once again , he raised his hand and dragged his fingertips over my neck and chest . 
 i looked down to see what had captured his attention so completely , but i saw nothing . 
 at first . 
 it was n't until bo shifted , al owing the low light to play across my skin in a different way that i saw the iridescent sheen . 
 even upside down , i could see that the shapes were familiar to me . 
 cast in pearly , barely-glistening strokes , if bo had n't been looking so pointedly at them , i 'd probably never have seen them . 
 they were that faint . 
 but i had caught a glimpse of them . 
 and i recognized them . 
 they looked like the symbols i 'd seen in the book in sebastian 's office . 
 relief washed through me , relief of the doubts i 'd secretly been harboring about being the one fated for bo . 
 but as i watched bo careful y trace each shape with the tip of his finger , those doubts melted away like ice on hot pavement . 
 i was made for bo , made by god himself to be his mate . 
 i was the one person on earth who could help him fulfil his destiny and , even though his destiny would likely rip from our grasp an eternity together , i could live forever knowing that we 'd had this perfect love for just a little while . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 i final y asked . 
 `` it must be part of the letter . 
 it 's like a laundry list of people - the corrupted child , born into evil ; the reluctant vampire , fol owed by death and yet refusing to succumb ; the bereaved child , grief-stricken and betrayed ; the first fal en one , the only blood given wil ingly ; the one not chosen , turned bitter with envy ; and the doomed key . '' 
 `` but what does it al mean ? '' 
 `` wel , if it is part of the letter , which according to cade it is , then maybe these are people sebastian needs in order to be able to kil me . 
 maybe he needs the blood of these people-or their lives-as a sacrifice . 
 i just do n't know . '' 
 `` how are we ever supposed to make sense of anything like this ? 
 how are we supposed to know what to do with the information i 'm learning ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe it wil appear soon . '' 
 `` do you think this has anything to do with devon since it was him that they took ? '' 
 `` i think we have to assume that it does . '' 
 `` could he be one of the people listed ? '' 
 bo looked thoughtful y at the things only he could decipher from the beautiful markings on my skin . 
 `` i guess he could be the reluctant vampire . 
 he refuses to feed , which means that it should only be a matter of time before he dies . 
 i guess you could say that death fol ows him . '' 
 `` how could sebastian have known that he 'd find just such a person here , in this town where both of us live ? 
 is n't that too much of a coincidence ? '' 
 bo straightened , his eyes burning into mine . 
 `` it 's no coincidence . 
 this is fate , '' he said intensely . 
 `` none of this is an accident . '' 
 `` so what do we do now ? '' 
 bo took the tee shirt that dangled from my fingers , turned it right-side out and held it out to me . 
 `` after you get dressed , we ' l go get lucius and see if we can find devon before morning . '' 
 `` but what if they come looking for him ? '' 
 `` there 's no reason for them to go back there again , unless they have to keep another prisoner down there . 
 besides , he 's invisible . 
 maybe they wo n't know he 's gone if i put al the stakes back where they were . '' 
 although i worried about sebastian coming after devon , i had to trust bo . 
 this was his god-given job to do , his birthright and sole purpose for existence . 
 he had to have a wisdom that no one else could understand . 
 so , after slipping my shirt back over my head , bo and i headed back through the house toward the door . 
 annika emerged from the den just as we were passing . 
 `` i see cade must 've gotten a little taste of our fair ridley , or rather she got a taste of him , '' she said smugly . 
 `` looks like he ' l be sleeping it off for a while . 
 did you find out anything useful ? '' 
 `` ridley saw that they were keeping a friend of ours in a mine shaft . '' 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` we do n't know the exact location , but we know someone who can probably help us . 
 we 're going to go start looking now . '' 
 `` mind if i come ? 
 i 'm going to need to feed before too long and i can help you search . 
 you might need an extra hand . '' 
 she could n't have been more casual , but i could see intent in her eyes that was anything but . 
 as usual , though , bo was oblivious to what i believed were annika 's conniving ways . 
 `` that would be great . 
 we can use al the help we can get . '' 
 `` it ' l be just like the night we had to go find scabs when he tried to run away . '' 
 bo looked confused for a few seconds before his faulty memory gave way to a clear recol ection . 
 `` yeah , i remember that . 
 poor kid did n't expect it to snow so much , did he ? '' 
 annika laughed . 
 it was a dainty , feminine sound that set my teeth on edge . 
 her eyes twinkled merrily as she watched bo . 
 `` poor scabs was almost frozen solid so we had to stop at that old cabin and spend the night . 
 he slept on the floor in front of the fire and we had to share that rickety bed . '' 
 although bo continued to smile in reminiscence , i saw his eyes dart nervously toward me and then back to annika . 
 he looked guilty in a way that left me wondering how he and annika had spent the night . 
 he cleared his throat and tugged my hand . 
 `` we 'd better get going then . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 annika 's smile was vaguely predatory . 
 `` very . '' 
 the three of us made our way through the cooling night toward woods that seemed to hold a lifetime of memories already . 
 i ran on one side of bo , annika on the other . 
 repeatedly , she tried to engage him in conversation , bringing up tantalizing tidbits of their history , tidbits that seemed designed to make him remember her in a more romantic light . 
 i had no idea how wel it was working , but if his evasiveness was any indication , i thought pretty wel . 
 when we arrived at lucius 's cabin , the three of us mounted the steps . 
 before bo 's knuckles could even make contact with the door , it swung open to reveal a smiling lucius standing on the other side , wearing nothing but blue jeans and a big smile . 
 `` wel , wel , wel . 
 to what do i owe this glorious pleasure ? '' 
 he teased in his thick brogue . 
 his jewel-like eyes flitted from me to bo and on to annika who stood at bo 's other side . 
 there , they stopped and immediately began to sparkle with masculine appreciation . 
 `` sweet lord , lad , where do you find 'em ? '' 
 bo smoothly ignored lucius 's question , choosing instead to state the reason for our visit . 
 `` we need your help to find an abandoned mine shaft . '' 
 `` do n't be rude . 
 introductions are in order first . '' 
 lucius stepped toward annika and reached for her hand , bringing it to his lips . 
 his eyes never left hers and i could tel by annika 's expression that she was far from immune to lucius 's considerable charm . 
 `` lucius , annika . 
 annika , lucius , '' bo obliged sharply . 
 `` annika . 
 what a beautiful name . 
 swedish ? '' 
 annika beamed at him . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and the voice of an angel to boot . 
 the pleasure , lovely annika , is al mine . '' 
 annika continued to smile at lucius , clearly flattered and enchanted by him , as most any woman would be . 
 `` now , wil you help us ? '' 
 bo asked . 
 lucius smiled his most winsome smile , reluctantly dragging his eyes away from annika . 
 `` of course i ' l help you . 
 i 'm always , '' he said , sliding his eyes back to annika , `` at your service . '' 
 `` do you want to put some clothes on ? '' 
 bo asked irritably . 
 lucius winked at bo and then returned his gaze to annika . 
 `` nah . 
 i might find a real y tasty bite while i 'm out and this wil just leave me with less to take off . '' 
 he grinned rakishly at annika and she had the good grace to at least blush . 
 as i watched color flood her cheeks becomingly , i thought wryly that at least she was good for something . 
 she 'd answered my question about whether or not a vampire could blush . 
 apparently , we could . 
 chapter thirteen bo and i fol owed lucius through the woods . 
 annika was by his side , as he was determined to entertain her with stories of his long , ful life as a vampire . 
 to her credit , she managed to look as if she was hanging on his every word . 
 i wondered about her , about her motives and her true feelings for bo . 
 was she just an opportunist , a girl who latched on to the nearest man ? 
 that did n't real y make sense because she 'd searched furiously and diligently for bo . 
 was she trying to make bo jealous by showing lucius some attention ? 
 that could be it . 
 as we made our way slowly through the woods , i watched annika to see if she glanced at bo for his reaction , but i did n't see her do it even once . 
 she laughed and responded to lucius in what appeared to be a very genuine manner . 
 it was then that it occurred to me that annika might just have fal en under lucius 's charismatic spel . 
 it was easy to see how that could happen . 
 lucius was something else after al . 
 after what seemed like an eternity of walking , lucius stopped at the foot of a smal hil . 
 he swept his arm out with a flourish and announced that we 'd arrived . 
 `` you stay here , '' bo said , directing his order to me . 
 `` i ' l be back in a few minutes . '' 
 `` but you did n't see what i saw . 
 how wil you know where to find him without light ? '' 
 `` he should answer me if i cal out , right ? '' 
 `` oh , '' i said , feeling foolish . 
 `` i did n't even think of that . '' 
 bo grinned , brushing a quick kiss across my lips . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i did . '' 
 with that , he turned and made his way into the darkened interior of the semi-hidden shaft . 
 lucius and annika continued to chatter , but i paid no attention to what they were saying , their flirting the furthest thing from my mind . 
 with every minute that ticked by , i thought of more reasons why i should n't have let bo go in there alone . 
 in fact , i had al but decided i was going in after him when he final y emerged , brushing cobwebs from his hair and shirt as he walked away from the yawning mouth of the mine . 
 relief flooded me and , on its heels , concern that he seemed to be alone . 
 `` no devon ? '' 
 `` no devon . '' 
 bo turned to lucius . 
 `` are there any more mines that you know of in this area ? '' 
 `` just one , but i know of two more down in southmoore . '' 
 bo sighed . 
 `` wel , let 's start with this one and then we ' l make our way south if we ca n't find him here . '' 
 `` do you have any idea how close this particular mine is ? '' 
 lucius asked . 
 `` no , but they only just took him , so i figure they could n't have gone far , '' bo surmised . 
 `` unless , of course , your vision has yet to happen , '' bo said to me . 
 `` maybe they 're stil traveling . '' 
 a hopeless , helpless feeling overwhelmed me at his words . 
 we real y were flying almost completely blind . 
 cade 's abilities would n't do us much good if we had no way of putting them in context or ascertaining some kind of time line . 
 bo sighed . 
 `` let 's just hope they decided to keep him close . '' 
 bo turned to lucius . 
 `` lead the way to number two . '' 
 lucius nodded and we struck out through the forest again , winding our way around hil s , climbing slight inclines and weaving our way through trees . 
 lucius had been in the midst of a lighthearted account of his adventures in paris over one hundred years ago when he stopped suddenly . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 he asked bo . 
 bo cocked his head and listened , as did i . 
 the soft huff of heavy breathing teased my ears . 
 i tried to locate the sound , but it seemed to be echoing on al sides , as if we were surrounded by it . 
 i scanned the dark forest , but saw no movement , nothing that looked amiss . 
 but then , like a bark in the night , i heard one sharp grunt and then it seemed that al hel broke loose in the woods . 
 the crunch of leaves and the snap of twigs erupted like a firestorm of activity , disturbing the stil ness . 
 then there was thunderous stomping , as if a herd of cattle was stampeding toward us . 
 instinctively , bo and lucius put their backs to one another , pul ing annika and me in close to them so that we had eyes on al sides . 
 it was as i faced the black forest to the west that i saw the red eyes appear as tiny dots racing through the trees . 
 `` bo , '' i whispered . 
 `` something 's coming . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i see it , too . '' 
 i tore my eyes away from the ever-approaching red spots only to find that there were a dozen other pairs coming from al directions . 
 the closer they got , the more i could hear . 
 their hearts beat erratical y , their breathing labored and excited . 
 they growled-slobbering , vicious , mad sounds that made the hair on my arms stand up . 
 `` bo , what are they ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , just be ready to tear their heads off . '' 
 at his words , i felt the rise of fear innervate my muscles . 
 they tensed , readying themselves for action , for a fight . 
 i had no idea what kind of woodland creatures had glowing red eyes , but i felt sure it was n't anything that i should feel sorry about kil ing . 
 `` remember , ridley , they ca n't hurt you if they ca n't get to your heart . '' 
 keep them away from my heart . 
 they ca n't hurt me . 
 keep them away from my heart . 
 they ca n't hurt me , i reminded myself over and over as the stomping grew louder . 
 it echoed through my head like stilettoes in an empty library . 
 it was with those thoughts in mind that i caught the first one as it hurled itself toward me . 
 its mouth closed around my forearm and held on tight . 
 i used that to my advantage and turned to throw it to the ground . 
 it struggled and squealed , gnawing furiously at my flesh , trying to tear its way through my arm . 
 i pul ed my arm to one side , forcing its head in that direction , and i used my suddenly-extended fangs to rip its throat out . 
 when the movements of the creature had al but ceased , i lifted my head and , without a heartbeat of hesitation , grabbed its porcine mandible and twisted with al my might . 
 i could see that i did n't tear the mad bore 's head off , but it was close . 
 as i pushed myself to my feet , a heavy torpedo hit me between my shoulder blades and knocked me to the ground . 
 i managed to catch myself on one elbow and one knee , using my free hand to reach behind me and drag the boar over my shoulder and fling it to the ground . 
 it was on its feet within a fraction of a second , facing off against me with al the fury of something possessed . 
 as we stared at one another for the space of about two heartbeats , i tuned out the grunts and squeals and growls from around me and put al my focus onto the thing in front of me . 
 the huge boar 's tongue hung out of one side of its open mouth and its lips curled back over its tusks threateningly . 
 its barrel-like body heaved and twitched as if the creature was uncomfortable in its own skin . 
 but it was the eyes that gave me pause . 
 the glowing red seemed to seep into the darkness around the pig 's head like blood spreading in a pool of water , and in them was an intel igence that made the hairs at my nape prickle uneasily . 
 there was something ancient and evil about them , assuring me that this was no wild , mindless animal . 
 this creature was very much aware of what it was doing and to whom it was doing it . 
 it was on a mission to kil me and it would let nothing stand in its way . 
 the instant before i moved , i purposely bunched my muscles and reminded them that i could move with lightning speed . 
 and so i did . 
 before the boar could even take its first step toward me , i had reached inside its open mouth and wrapped my fingers around its upper and lower jaw , pul ing sharply and separating the pig 's head and snout from the rest of its body . 
 the lifeless boar 's corpse had only just slipped from my fingertips when something hit me from the left and from behind at the same time . 
 face down in the leaves , i scrambled to get turned over , but it seemed as though there were too many mouths and hooves tearing at me to al ow for me to move . 
 i kicked with my legs and made contact at least once with something firm , but my struggles did n't seem to even slow the ravenous creatures that bit at me . 
 i felt a slobbering mouth at my neck just before two thick tusks penetrated the skin there . 
 as if it were magnified a thousand times , i heard the hungry chomping and slopping as it enjoyed my flesh . 
 and then , as quickly as they 'd come upon me , with a roar , they were gone . 
 dazedly , my blood stil swimming with adrenaline and fear , i rol ed over in time to see bo tearing the boars into pieces , angrily dispatching limbs and heads this way and that . 
 as the deafening throb of my pulse slowed in my ears , i watched with pride and appreciation as he quickly dominated the creatures . 
 making my way to my feet , the four of us stood looking al around for more pigs , but there were none to be found . 
 bo turned to me , taking my face in his hands . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 his eyes searched mine , concern clouding the beauty of his face . 
 `` i-i 'm fine . '' 
 bo released my face and brushed the hair back away from my neck , gingerly checking my wound . 
 i knew it was only one of many , but i was too frazzled to think about the rest , too frazzled to real y think at al . 
 i was stil in survival mode . 
 his gaze final y returned to my face and he smiled , a smal smile , but a smile nonetheless . 
 `` you 're already starting to heal , '' he said in relief . 
 `` i should thank heather for making it harder for anything to take you from me . '' 
 `` touching moment , lad , but i think we real y need to move , '' lucius said , coming to a stop in front of us . 
 `` we 're close to the second mine , are n't we ? '' 
 he asked lucius . 
 `` we are indeed , '' lucius said , turning to lead us on . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 i asked bo as we fol owed lucius as he darted through the trees . 
 `` i 'd bet my life that those were some sort of sentries that sebastian put in the woods to keep us away . '' 
 `` he knew we 'd come , '' i breathed , a sinking feeling dragging at the pit of my stomach . 
 `` so it would seem . '' 
 i saw no reason to voice what i knew we were both thinking . 
 somehow sebastian knew that we 'd find devon , which meant that he knew that we had a way of tracking him . 
 could he know about cade ? 
 how much did he know about what my skin would tel bo ? 
 i had to put my ruminations aside as lucius slowed . 
 i became instantly hyper alert , as did bo and annika . 
 careful y , thoroughly , we scanned the forest around us , watching and listening . 
 when it seemed that there was no herd of wild , possessed boars launching an attack , lucius moved forward to skirt yet another smal hil . 
 on its east-facing side , a huge opening was carved out , but the mouth was boarded up and littered with warning signs . 
 it looked as if it had remained undisturbed for a couple of decades at least . 
 disappointment and frustration burned in my gut . 
 `` obviously he 's not in this one . 
 no one 's been in there in years , '' i ground out through my tightly gritted teeth . 
 bo ran a hand through his hair in a gesture that said he felt as irritated as i. his sigh was a sharp hiss in the eerily quiet woods . 
 `` wel , maybe i should check anyway . 
 maybe sebastian found a way to get in there without disturbing the entrance . '' 
 i wanted to tel him that i seriously doubted that , but i did n't . 
 no extra negativity was needed at this point . 
 as bo approached the mouth of the mine a low rumble sounded . 
 it trembled in the ground beneath my feet and made its way up my legs , tickling the nerves of my calves . 
 bo stopped mid-step , but the rumbling continued . 
 we al watched and listened , and when it appeared that there was no imminent danger , bo moved to resume his approach . 
 there was one spot of exposed earth right in front of the mine 's entrance . 
 it was a fairly large patch of dirt , bare of leaves as if the area had been recently cleared of debris . 
 and very purposeful y , i might add . 
 the instant bo 's foot touched the dirt , two hulking wolf-like animals appeared on the crest of the hil above his head . 
 at least four times as big as the boars , these animals were clearly just as unnatural . 
 their heads , easily the size of a horse 's , were dominated by two eyes that glowed orange with a flame that licked at the air around them . 
 smoke arose from them in thin , curling tendrils and then disappeared above their enormous ears . 
 between their shoulders was an exaggerated hump on which raised hackles stood at attention . 
 their especial y wide mouths were partial y open , baring dozens of razor sharp teeth , much more numerous and deadly than on any dog i 'd ever seen . 
 as i fol owed their hairy , black bodies to the ground , i saw that their legs did n't end in the paws typical of canines . 
 instead , these hybrid creatures stood on cloven feet with two large , grasping talons that held them securely to the earth of the hil . 
 other than paralyzing fear , the only thought in my mind was the question of what these strange animals were . 
 as it turned out , i need n't have bothered asking anyway . 
 lucius unwittingly answered me with two words . 
 they were uttered so quietly his breath barely disturbed the air . 
 `` hel hounds , '' he whispered . 
 i saw bo slowly move his foot to take another step forward . 
 the wolf on the left dipped his head to turn his burning stare on bo . 
 he growled more loudly and the ground beneath us grumbled in agitation . 
 the hound 's long tongue licked hungrily at his wet lips and thick globs of sticky drool dropped from its trembling jowls to splatter on the forest floor . 
 the saliva hissed when it landed , as if searing the earth with acid . 
 bo took one more step forward and the wolf 's flaming eyes blazed hotter , tiny sparks flying from their red-orange centers . 
 as it stared at bo , the putrid smel of burning flesh began to saturate the air and bo began to stagger backward . 
 a sizzling sound crackled and spit into the tense moment and bo fel to his knees with a strangled cry . 
 he raised one hand as if to shield himself from the glare of the dog and it was then that i realized from where both the smel and the sound had arisen . 
 bo 's exposed hand and arm were blistered and blackened , as though they had been burned to a crisp . 
 my breath hitched painful y in my chest when i saw his face turn to the side and it looked no better than his hand . 
 `` bo ! '' 
 i cried lunging forward . 
 i had no idea what my plan was ; i just knew that i had to get to him , had to help him . 
 i knew that i had to save him , like he 'd saved me so many times . 
 i made it several steps before i heard his strained voice . 
 `` ridley , stay back , '' he cautioned , but i did n't listen . 
 i fel at his side just as he toppled over , his head fal ing right into my hands . 
 his face was charred and completely unrecognizable . 
 my heart squeezed inside my chest just before i felt a searing heat scorching the skin of my neck and shoulders . 
 in my mind 's eye , it was n't hard to imagine that the hound 's fiery gaze was now upon me where i knelt with bo 's head in my lap . 
 gritting my teeth against the pain , i hunched forward , covering as much of bo as i could with my own body and bracing myself as the hel hound tried to burn me alive . 
 `` ridley , no ! '' 
 i heard bo croak throatily , his voice dry and rough . 
 at his words , i opened eyes i had n't even been aware of closing and i saw one already healed ebony orb looking up at me . 
 `` i wo n't let you die for me , '' he breathed . 
 i sucked in a gasp as the pain at my neck worked its way up the back of my head , tearing into my scalp like a thousand needles . 
 i would n't let them make me scream . 
 not in front of bo . 
 i 'd be strong to the end . 
 `` it 's better than spending one minute of my life without you , '' i managed . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut again and barely felt the movement of bo in my arms , the pain was so intense . 
 and then i was weightless and my face was on fire . 
 i cracked my eyelids and saw the hounds above me . 
 bo had taken me in his arms and was struggling to his feet . 
 the heat baked my corneas , rendering my vision blurry . 
 bo cried out as he straightened with me in his arms . 
 i do n't know how he managed it . 
 he was burned so badly , even the slightest movement must 've been excruciating . 
 and yet he persisted until he was upright , with me in his arms , trying to make it to the safety of the mine 's entrance . 
 as if warning bo not to make another move , i heard the deep , threatening bark of the two hounds , crying out in unison . 
 but stil , bo moved on , taking another hard-won step forward . 
 the heat on my face dissipated and i cracked my lids again , just in time to see the two huge hel hounds take their eyes from us just long enough to leap from their perch atop the hil and land on the ground behind us . 
 as soon as their attention was focused tightly on us again , i felt the heat rise once more . 
 i knew that we did n't stand a chance against the two animals . 
 they carried hel itself in their fiery eyes . 
 i thought blearily of praying , but i lacked the focus to form any kind of plea . 
 god and angels and destiny swirled lazily inside my head as my flesh melted under the intensity of the hounds ' flaming gaze . 
 then i was sailing through the air . 
 the brief gust of wind felt like heaven on my burning skin , but it was short-lived . 
 next , i felt resistance as the boards that crossed the mine 's entrance gave way beneath my weight . 
 the crunch and splinter of breaking wood blocked out bo 's cry for just a moment before i landed with a thud on the cool dirt of the mine floor . 
 i scrambled to sit up as bo 's cries echoed al around me , bouncing around inside the tube and finding their way back to my ears from a thousand different directions . 
 each cry hit my heart like throwing knives , pelting me with their torturous blades . 
 turning , i looked back for bo , but he was n't in the mine with me . 
 he was barely standing on the outside of it , facing me , the hel hounds now between us . 
 one hound turned to come after me , but when his huge muzzle entered the mine 's mouth , he screamed with an ear-splitting cry that lanced through my head like a hot poker through butter . 
 he stumbled back and tried again , but whined when his cloven foot touched the earth inside the mine . 
 not prepared to endure any pain himself , the huge beast turned his attention back toward the fading bo . 
 my bleeding heart leapt up into my throat when the other hound raised his front leg and pawed at bo , his mighty talons tearing easily through bo 's clothes and flesh . 
 bo crumbled to his knees . 
 across the space between us , bo 's singed eyes met mine and time stopped for us . 
 bo teetered on his knees for what felt like an eternity before he began to fal forward . 
 an invisible fist gripped my heart , squeezing tighter and tighter with every inch of bo 's decent until he fel flat on his stomach with his face buried in the dirt at the hound 's feet . 
 the squeal of a banshee broke through the horror of the moment , lucius and annika sweeping in from out of my field of view , each grabbing one of bo 's arms and then leaping into the mine with him in tow . 
 the trio skidded to a halt not far from where i sat , but i only saw one body come to a stop-bo 's . 
 fighting against the pain of my burns , i crawled to his side and rol ed him onto his back . 
 his face was charred , his lips black and cracked . 
 his eyelids were al but swol en shut now and his singed shirt hung in tatters from his bloody chest and shoulders . 
 although it tore at my guts to see him this way , it was easy for me to look past al that . 
 it was easy for me to see the handsome face of the person i loved most on the planet , the person i loved more than my own life . 
 vicious barking drew three pairs of eyes toward the mine 's entrance . 
 the hel hounds growled and spit and voiced their disapproval , but never once did they attempt to come into the mine . 
 there was something about the dark interior that kept them at bay . 
 at that moment , i did n't care what it was . 
 i was simply thankful for it . 
 again , thoughts of god and angels and destiny drifted through my mind , but this time i was so consumed with bo and the hel hounds , i gave them little thought other than to acknowledge the intense feeling of gratitude that flooded me . 
 of course , annika and lucius were the first to recover . 
 `` in al ma years , i 've ne'er seen anathin ' like it , '' lucius said , his brogue thick in his awe . 
 he stood and brushed the dust from his bare chest and shoulders . 
 `` the question is , lasses , how the devil are we goin ' ta get outta here ? '' 
 chapter fourteen `` what about bo ? '' 
 i asked , reaching out to gently brush a strand of hair from bo 's scorched cheek . 
 `` he should heal fairly quickly , '' lucius said as he walked to the mouth of the mine , inciting more vicious growls from the hounds . 
 even as lucius spoke , i could see the charred tissue around bo 's left eye , the more burned of the two , beginning to give way to healthy pink skin . 
 our situation was stil too precarious for me to relax very much into the relief that i felt over his progress . 
 we were in serious trouble and we al knew it . 
 `` why ca n't they come into this mine ? '' 
 it was annika who asked this question , but i looked to lucius for an answer as wel . 
 lucius paced to the dirt wal of the tube and dragged his fingers along it , bits of dirt and dust flaking off and fal ing silently to the mine floor . 
 he sniffed his fingers and then leaned in to get a better look at the mineral composition of the shaft . 
 straightening , he sniffed his fingers once more and then touched the tip of his tongue to them . 
 `` this is a salt mine , '' he announced . 
 annika glanced back at me and we both shrugged , neither of us having any idea why that would make a difference . 
 lucius must 've figured that out that we were lost when neither of us spoke . 
 `` hel hounds ca n't pass over a salt line . 
 the mouth of the mine must stil have enough salt in the dirt to keep them out . '' 
 `` but why salt ? '' 
 lucius shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 something about the purity of the mineral , of the rock salt . '' 
 `` i guess that means devon is here . 
 i mean , why else would those things be guarding this mine ? '' 
 `` no reason i can think of , '' lucius replied . 
 `` my question is this : why would sebastian put him in a mine like this ? '' 
 `` maybe he was afraid something would be able to get to him elsewhere . '' 
 i looked down at bo . 
 his eyes were closed , but i could see his color improving , lightening from sooty to his normal pale pink . 
 despite the fact that he was on the mend , i stil did n't want to leave him to go search the mine . 
 `` would you two mind walking a little farther in to see if you can locate devon ? '' 
 they both agreed quickly . 
 obviously they did n't mind being in each other 's company , which made me believe that if annika was trying to make bo jealous , it was n't her sole reason for being so attentive to lucius . 
 but , real y , who could blame her ? 
 it was lucius after al . 
 what 's not to like ? 
 as they strol ed off into the inky blackness of the mine shaft , i turned my attention briefly to the hounds pacing at the boarded entrance and then back to bo . 
 his eyes were open and he was watching me . 
 one corner of his mouth lifted and he spoke in a dry , raspy voice . 
 `` hi , beautiful , '' he said , reaching up to brush my cheek with his fingertips . 
 my heart melted right inside my chest . 
 `` hi , handsome , '' i responded , returning his grin . 
 looking into his healing face , hearing his familiar voice , feeling his incredible touch , i felt like al was right with the world and that we could take on anything , any one , and win . 
 as long as bo was near , no odds seemed too high to overcome . 
 `` i 'm sorry about al this , '' he said , regret and the heaviness of responsibility shining in his eyes . 
 `` it 's not your fault . '' 
 `` yes , it is . 
 if i had stayed away from you , none - '' `` i 'd be miserable , '' i interrupted quickly . 
 `` i would n't trade you and the time we 've spent together for anything . 
 anything ! 
 do you hear me ? '' 
 i was adamant and i wanted to make sure he got the point . 
 bo grinned . 
 `` me neither . 
 you 're the best thing that has ever happened to me . '' 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 i would never tire of hearing him say things like that . 
 `` i think we happened to each other . '' 
 bo opened his mouth to say something , but then snapped it shut as if he thought better of it . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i prompted . 
 `` nothing . 
 i. . . '' 
 he trailed off , obviously having changed his mind about tel ing me . 
 unfortunately , that just made me al the more curious to know what it was . 
 `` what , bo ? 
 tel me . '' 
 he raised himself into a sitting position , bringing his face within an inch of mine . 
 even beneath the smoky odor of fire that clung to his hair and clothes , i could smel his clean , citrusy scent and it made my abdominals tighten in response . 
 bo searched my eyes as he deliberated tel ing me . 
 he was so close i could see the golden flecks that made the near-black of his eyes look so warm and chocolaty . 
 his were the most beautiful eyes i 'd ever seen . 
 `` i 've been having dreams for a while now , more than just the one about the orphanage , '' he confessed , holding my gaze . 
 the bottom dropped out of my stomach . 
 the dream about the orphanage is when i 'd first heard him say annika 's name . 
 bo having other dreams could n't possibly be a good thing . 
 `` how long has this been going on ? '' 
 `` on and off for as long as i can remember , which is what ? 
 a little over three years ? '' 
 i nodded , saying nothing as i wil ed panic away . 
 `` at first i thought they were just dreams . 
 mostly anyway . 
 that 's why i was n't completely honest with you when i told you about the night i saw you , the night you and your sister wrecked . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` wel , when i saw you that night , i think i 'd seen you before . 
 several times in fact . '' 
 `` when ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` i think i 've been dreaming about you on and off al my life . '' 
 my chest swel ed with pleasure and relief at his words . 
 `` real y ? '' 
 bo reached out with his hand again , lightly dragging his index finger across my forehead , down my nose , and around my lips to my chin . 
 `` your face was so familiar to me , as if i 'd seen it every day for as long as i could remember , though i knew nothing about you that would suggest that we were acquaintances . 
 but , deep down , i had no doubt that i knew you . 
 real y knew you , like you were the missing piece of my life . 
 when i saw you through the windshield , i was so consumed with final y getting to see you outside my dreams , final y getting to touch you and smel you that i could n't walk away . 
 it was so surreal that you were actual y real . '' 
 i doubted he could 've said anything that would have thril ed me more . 
 `` why did n't you tel me before now ? '' 
 bo shrugged , seemingly absorbed with tracing the details of my face . 
 `` i did n't want to scare you . '' 
 `` scare me ? 
 why would that scare me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it scared me a little when i saw you . 
 i thought maybe you were an angel come to take me away . 
 but i did n't care . 
 i was wil ing to risk it . 
 i knew that i 'd die happy if i could just touch you one time . 
 just one time , '' he repeated quietly . 
 i was struggling for words to adequately describe the wings he 'd given my heart when the intimate scene was ruined by the return of lucius and annika . 
 `` alright you two love birds , break it up . 
 we 've got some planning to do , '' lucius said as he walked around us and came to a stop a few feet from the prowling hel hounds that waited just outside the mine . 
 `` did you find devon ? '' 
 `` present and accounted for , '' devon said from somewhere to my left . 
 i closed my eyes in relief . 
 `` devon , thank god . '' 
 `` thanks for coming for me , ridley . 
 i assume savannah cal ed you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 she was hysterical . '' 
 i could almost hear devon smiling . 
 `` i see this was n't exactly an easy extraction , '' he observed , no doubt referring to bo 's bedraggled appearance . 
 `` are those things what got a hold of bo ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` what are they ? '' 
 `` hel hounds . '' 
 `` hel hounds ? '' 
 `` hel hounds . '' 
 `` dam - '' `` and the worst part is that we stil have to figure out a way to get out of here in one piece . '' 
 `` why did n't they come in after you ? '' 
 `` salt , '' lucius replied in answer . 
 `` rock salt . 
 they ca n't tolerate it . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` so it would appear . '' 
 `` wel , lucky for you , i might just have a solution to your problem , '' devon crowed proudly . 
 `` our problem ? '' 
 annika asked . 
 `` now it 's your problem , too . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 whatever . 
 you know what i mean . '' 
 `` so what 's this big solution then ? '' 
 `` come on , '' devon said . 
 `` i ' l show you . '' 
 his voice echoed back to us as he turned toward the depths of the mine . 
 bo stood without much difficulty and the four of us fol owed devon into the bel y of the mine . 
 despite my sharper eyesight , i stil found it difficult to see and that alone was very disconcerting . 
 we had no sources of light and it was like being swal owed , one step at a time . 
 `` when they brought me in here , we went further down into the mine at first . 
 just around the bend from where they ended up staking me to the wal there 's a big pile of stuff and a bunch of buckets . 
 i had no idea what it was , but now that you mention rock salt ... it 's kind of clear-ish white like that , '' devon explained . 
 as soon as we rounded the corner to which he was referring , it was impossible not to see the enormous mound of white gravel . 
 it looked like a pile of hail . 
 `` so what 's the plan then ? 
 we get a couple buckets and throw the stuff at them as we run ? 
 we 'd have to have a dump truck load to make it al the way back out of the woods , '' i observed in exasperation . 
 in my opinion , this was no solution at al . 
 `` now hold on there , lass . 
 this just might work . 
 we would n't have to make it that far . 
 the hounds are shackled to this area . 
 they ca n't just roam about freely . 
 al we have to do is make it out of their territory and we ' l be home free , '' lucius said encouragingly . 
 his words brought the first bright ray of optimism into the dark interior of the mine . 
 i bent to pick up one of the buckets . 
 it was fairly large and would hold quite a bit of rock salt . 
 if we could each carry two of them ... wordlessly , everyone else bent to pick up a bucket and scoop up as much rock salt as it would hold and then repeat the process with a second bucket . 
 i had to smile at our like-mindedness . 
 when each of us had a pail in both hands , we made our way back out to the mine 's entrance . 
 the hel hounds were no longer pacing , but standing perfectly stil as they watched us , careful y peering between the slats of the boards covering the mouth . 
 we al stopped , forming a semicircle around the hole in the boards that my body had made when bo threw me into the mine . 
 after a few seconds , lucius continued on , approaching one hel hound where he stood just on the other side of the break . 
 he did n't stop until less than a foot of space separated him from the dog . 
 taking both pail handles in one hand , lucius grabbed a single fat rock of salt and tossed it up in the air like a tiny basebal , catching it in his palm . 
 the hound watched him , the hungry fury in his eyes leaping in tal flames that teased the darkness around him . 
 `` open up for me , big boy , '' lucius taunted , tossing the rock up again . 
 he lunged toward the hound , bringing himself up short before he passed the salt-rich soil of the interior of the mine . 
 the hound reacted , bracing himself for attack and opening his mouth wide in a loud bark . 
 lucius took ful advantage of the dog 's open mouth . 
 with perfect aim , he hurled the golf bal - sized mineral al the way into the back of its throat . 
 the hound made no move to react at first . 
 he and lucius simply stood staring at each other , as if waiting to see who would flinch first . 
 but then , with great heaves of his body , he started to sputter and gag , attempting to spit the rock up . 
 when after several seconds he could not , it became apparent that lucius had thrown the salt in too deep and it was already dissolving . 
 the hound shook its head in discomfort and began to drool even more , his saliva liberal y streaked with thick threads of blood . 
 he closed his blazing eyes and made a strangling sound in the back of his throat . 
 we al watched from inside the mine , rapt , as smoke began to arise from the hound 's enormous head . 
 a sickening sulfurous odor washed into the shaft , saturating the air with its stench . 
 the wolf-like creature extended his neck and hacked , blood and spit flying out and splattering the ground with its acidic slime . 
 dirt and leaves hissed under the burn of the saliva then the dog 's front legs col apsed and he al but fel onto his face . 
 the second hel hound skirted his companion , rol ing his eyes suspiciously toward the writhing form . 
 when the first hound moaned in agony and began to shake violently , the second hound stepped back several paces and began to growl . 
 we al watched , partial y stunned by disbelief , as the devilish canine on the ground began to bubble and swel . 
 his tongue lol ed to one side and his ears twitched as if he could hear the sound of his own demise . 
 and then , with an anti-climactic pop , he burst . 
 large pieces of his furry hel hound rocketed into the air , erupting into flame and then raining down in a fine spray of ash . 
 the wind carried a gust of the powder into the mine and we al watched it skitter across the dirt floor , stunned into silent disbelief by what we 'd just witnessed . 
 `` i ca n't believe that just happened . '' 
 `` what the - '' `` you could n't do that again if you tried . '' 
 `` my god , i 'm good ! '' 
 lucius exclaimed . 
 `` and so humble , '' annika teased . 
 lucius threw a cocky grin over his shoulder at her and she seemed to eat it up . 
 i was a bit annoyed at their lighthearted flirtation considering the circumstances we were in , but i had little time to dwel on it . 
 i just wanted to get out of the mine , out of the woods and away from evil creatures . 
 `` alright , tough guy , let 's see you do it again with that one , '' bo joked , pointing to the second , warier hound as he paced cautiously several feet from the mine entrance . 
 `` that 's the smarter one . 
 he 's already caught on to my plan . 
 he wo n't get close enough for me to get something into his mouth . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` ok , so what now then ? 
 are we just going to make a run for it ? '' 
 we al looked at each other , but it was bo that answered . 
 `` there 's only one of him and five of us . 
 i think we should be alright until we can get out of his territory . '' 
 as bo outlined how he thought we could get away from the creature without being burned to a crisp , i listened with half an ear , the larger portion of my mind stil marveling over his healing abilities . 
 when he concluded , i felt satisfied that i 'd stil managed to get the gist of what he 'd said . 
 we al run , each taking turns throwing salt back at the dog to fend him off . 
 that would serve two purposes . 
 one , it would slow him down and hopeful y keep him from lunging at any one of us . 
 two , it would pepper the ground with rock salt , possibly making his chase more painful and difficult . 
 with everyone in agreement and standing at the ready at the mine 's entrance , bo took me aside for a pep talk . 
 `` do n't forget that you can run as fast as the wind , you 're strong and capable and you heal extraordinarily fast , '' he said , cupping my cheek with his palm . 
 i could see in his eyes how hard he was trying to convince me , trying to al ay my fears . 
 i smiled , injecting al the confidence and assurance i could into the gesture . 
 he returned my smile , seemingly more at ease . 
 taking my hand , bo led me back to the mouth , back to the group , where we decided that lucius would exit first , pelting the hound with rock salt as the rest of us emerged from the mine and then we 'd make our way southwest . 
 as far as plans go , that one went off without a hitch , thank god . 
 the hound retreated , albeit unhappily , as lucius hurled wel - aimed chunks of rock salt at him , giving the rest of us plenty of time and space to get away from the mine . 
 as discussed , we started running southwest , each of us taking turns throwing handfuls of rock salt at the hound as he careful y pursued . 
 i noticed after only a couple of minutes that his feet were smoking , presumably where he was treading on the intolerable substance . 
 that was fortuitous , but decidedly unnecessary in the end . 
 as we continued our efforts to escape , we ran up a smal incline and topped a hil . 
 when we began our descent on the other side , it was my turn to lob pieces of rock salt , but the hound never appeared at the top of the hil . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i cal ed to the others . 
 we slowed , looking back the way we 'd come , but stil there was no sign of the devilish dog . 
 `` i guess he reached the end of his leash , '' lucius cackled . 
 `` so it would appear , '' bo agreed , though he did n't look completely convinced . 
 `` alright , let 's get out of here . '' 
 dropping our buckets of salt , we al turned in unison and struck out at a more relaxed pace across the uneven forest floor . 
 we 'd traveled a couple hundred yards from the hil and were rounding a rock formation when the beast leapt out in front of us . 
 although annika squealed in alarm , i was somehow able to stifle my reaction . 
 i imagined that , more than self-control , it was the fact that no sound could make its way past the knot of fear that had leapt up into my throat . 
 we al pul ed to a hasty stop , tightening our group to make a united front against the hound . 
 he seemed not to notice , however , as his attention was riveted on lucius . 
 lucius was to my right , bo to my left . 
 as the animal focused his burning gaze on lucius , i could feel the heat of it washing over my face like rays of black sun . 
 the sickening smel of lucius 's skin melting permeated the air and we al stood helplessly by as the hel hound began to cook him alive . 
 `` push him down , ridley , '' bo whispered , the sound so faint i could barely hear it . 
 i looked to bo to make sure he 'd actual y spoke to me . 
 he confirmed he had by nodding meaningful y at me . 
 at his side , bo waved his hand slightly , holding up three fingers and then lowering one . 
 he was counting down to a plan that began with me pushing lucius to the ground . 
 understanding what bo wanted , i nodded and felt my muscles bunch in preparation for bo 's signal . 
 when bo lowered his third finger , i turned my body and pushed out with my arms in one smooth motion , connecting with lucius 's fiery chest and knocking him to the ground . 
 motion stirred the air to my left and i turned to see bo launch himself at the hel hound . 
 he hit the dog in the side and , with a grunt , the dog succumbed to the force and the two of them went skidding across the ground . 
 for several heart-pounding seconds , they wrestled in the leaves for the upper hand before the dog made his way to his feet . 
 when he did , bo wrapped his arms around the canine 's mighty head , but the hound was too strong . 
 easily , he turned his head enough to sink his enormous teeth into bo 's upper arm . 
 bo cried out but did n't let go . 
 instead , he seemed to tighten his grip , making it more difficult for the hound to move his head and get his deadly jaws anywhere near bo 's flesh . 
 once bo had managed to secure the dog 's head in the crook of one arm , he reached around and grabbed the dog 's muzzle . 
 with one sharp crank , bo snapped the hound 's neck . 
 i heard the wet crack from where i was standing . 
 when the animal kept struggling , it became obvious that breaking its neck was not enough . 
 twisting his body , bo threw the hound to the ground and laid his body across it to hold it in position . 
 i saw him stretch his arm up over his head and i covered my mouth . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i knew what he was going to do-what he had to do-but i stil could n't stop the lurching of my stomach in response to it . 
 for the space of one heartbeat , bo glanced back at me , regret showing clearly in his eyes . 
 in that moment , he communicated to me his sorrow that i had to see what was about to happen , that my life had been reduced to this . 
 determined to show him my courage and to ease his always-troubled mind , i dropped my hands and straightened my spine . 
 this was , after al , a demon creature from the depths of a hel we could only imagine . 
 with that in mind , i nodded to him and , like the strike of a snake , bo shoved his fist through the hound 's ribs and tore out its heart . 
 as dark life bled from the creature , bo rose to his feet and stepped away from its twitching form . 
 we al stood watching for several seconds , each lost in our own thoughts , each trapped in a different level of speechlessness , until final y the creature 's movement ceased entirely . 
 it was almost with a sigh of relief that its body caught fire . 
 flames quickly engulfed it , burning away al evidence of its existence before it disintegrated into a mound of ash that blew away like dust in the wind . 
 chapter fifteen without meeting my eyes , bo took my hand . 
 `` let 's go , '' he announced to the group . 
 i did n't let him lead me away . 
 instead , i held him back until the others had moved a few paces ahead of us . 
 bo stil did n't look at me right away . 
 it was n't until i touched his cheek that he turned his face toward mine . 
 i smiled reassuringly up at him . 
 `` i love you , '' i said quietly . 
 bo closed his eyes briefly , turning his face to brush his lips against my palm . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 `` you had to do that . 
 you had no choice and i know that . '' 
 bo opened his fathomless eyes and did what he did best with them-he took my breath away . 
 for a fraction of a second , i was lost in them , lost in the moment . 
 even after al the fear and horror and unnatural events of the last few hours , bo was able to transport me to another place . 
 with one simple look , he could take me away , to a world al our own . 
 i loved that about him , about us . 
 final y , when the steps of the others had faded into the distance , he tugged my hand and we jogged off after them . 
 as we ran , i began to notice the familiar burn of thirst , setting my throat on fire . 
 the further we went , the more the icy heat of my new metabolism pulsed throughout my body . 
 when we arrived at the edge of the woods , lucius , annika and presumably devon were standing there talking . 
 we came to a stop beside them and when lucius turned toward us , i noticed that he was fading , his eyes that odd milky green . 
 i turned to bo and he looked in a similar condition . 
 i did n't need to look down at my own body to know that i was fading as wel . 
 i imagined that my eyes looked much the same way , though i 'd never observed the strange phenomenon for myself . 
 `` so what 's the plan ? 
 we al going back to sebastian 's or ... ? '' 
 `` i have an idea , '' annika piped up first thing . 
 `` devon , since you do n't feed , why do n't you take ridley back to the house while we hunt ? 
 she does n't like to feed on animals i 'm told and this might be the quickest and easiest way . '' 
 by tacking that on at the end , annika ensured that i 'd sound like a jealous ninny if i argued , primarily because it did make the most sense . 
 that only made it rankle al the more , so i said nothing , leaving the decision in bo 's hands . 
 `` you two go ahead . 
 i ' l hunt later , '' bo said without hesitation . 
 `` but you 're already fading , bo . 
 you need to feed . 
 ridley wil be fine for a little while . 
 besides , you can make sure you feed her when you get back if cade 's not up to it , '' annika asserted quickly . 
 `` i 'm sure she does n't want you to be uncomfortable just to babysit her , do you ridley ? '' 
 this was a little more of what i expected from annika . 
 her flirtation with lucius may have been sincere , but it did n't change the plans she had for bo . 
 that much was clear . 
 smiling coyly , i turned to bo and leaned into his side . 
 `` that might work out even better . 
 i 'd much rather get what i need from you , '' i said , injecting as much insinuation as i could without coming right out with a catty meow . 
 the black of bo 's pupils enlarged at my intimation , nearly eclipsing the pale green of his irises . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked softly , sliding one arm around my waist . 
 `` i 'm positive . 
 it wil be worth the wait . '' 
 he grinned down at me and , despite my original impetus for being so blatantly suggestive , i melted just like i always did when we shared a moment . 
 immediately , i felt guilty for letting annika get under my skin , for letting her trick me into using the incredible magic bo and i shared for such a petty reason . 
 `` alright then , '' bo agreed , squeezing my side . 
 `` devon , make sure cade stays away from her , wil you ? '' 
 insulted , i started to object . 
 `` i 'm perfectly capable - '' `` it 's not that you 're not capable , it 's just that you 're hungry . 
 it 's so easy to get out of control , especial y around humans . 
 cade might try to use that to his advantage . 
 that 's al i 'm saying . '' 
 i nodded , appeased but stil feeling a little rubbed by his dismissive attitude . 
 bo must have sensed my irritation because he bent and whispered into my ear . 
 `` i do n't want anyone satisfying your hunger but me . '' 
 a light dusting of chil s arose on my arms and my stomach flipped over . 
 i refrained from tel ing him that that was an impossibility . 
 he was al i ever wanted , my thirst for him the only one that was truly insatiable . 
 he saved me from having to say anything when he brushed his lips across my cheek and told me he 'd see me soon and to be careful . 
 devon and i struck out in one direction , bo 's trio in another . 
 they were heading back into the woods . 
 devon and i were heading to sebastian 's . 
 we had n't gone very far when a thought occurred to me . 
 `` maybe you should swing by savannah 's before you come to sebastian 's . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` i would come with you , but i 'm afraid that , in this state , i might hurt her . 
 i have n't mastered the whole control thing yet . '' 
 `` but bo wanted - '' my snort interrupted him . 
 `` i ' l be fine . 
 there 's nothing for you or bo to worry about . 
 he 's just a little jealous of the new guy . 
 that 's al , '' i assured him with a rol of my eyes . 
 `` seriously , go by there and let her know you 're alright and then come to sebastian 's . 
 i gave you directions , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , you did , but i do n't know about this , ridley . '' 
 `` devon , it ' l be fine . 
 just tel savannah i ' l see her tomorrow , after i. . . 
 you know . '' 
 devon hesitated , but it did n't take long for his desire to see savannah to win out over any reservations he had . 
 he soon agreed and we parted ways . 
 i let my mind wander the rest of the way to sebastian 's house . 
 i thought of devon and savannah , of bo and of love . 
 i kept my thoughts focused on anything other than the building thirst that was gathering like a vicious storm in my throat and chest . 
 as i approached the front door , the ever-so-slight smel of human blood-cade 's blood-tickled my nose . 
 it was just a hint of sweetness in the air , but it seemed that al my senses zeroed in on it instantly , ravenous as i was . 
 i knew he was probably asleep in one of the bedrooms upstairs . 
 al i had to do was make it inside and get behind the locked door of my bedroom . 
 with my hand on the knob , i closed my eyes and took a deep breath , careful to pul it in through my mouth . 
 i held it , counted to ten and then rushed through the front door . 
 as quietly as i could , i closed it behind me and ran back to my room as fast as my legs would carry me . 
 once i was in the sanctuary of my temporary bedroom , i turned the lock on the knob and leaned back against the cool wood of the door . 
 i was stil holding my breath , determined to resist the demands of my wayward body . 
 i thought of mr. hearst and of bo 's last words until i felt like the burning was n't going to consume my entire being . 
 only then did i feel it was safe to move away from the door . 
 with nothing but time on my hands , i wandered about the room , taking in the details of the furniture , the pictures on the wal s , the draperies that covered no windows . 
 i was in the back corner , the one furthest from the door , when a light knock brought my attention back to the present , back to my struggles . 
 i turned toward the sound and was immediately slapped with the scrumptious scent of blood , familiar blood-cade 's blood . 
 i shrank back into the corner and slid to the floor , pushing with my legs until my back was plastered into the v of the wal . 
 if i could 've melted into the wood paneling , i would have , anything to get further away from that tantalizing smel . 
 `` ridley , you need me , '' cade said quietly from the hal way . 
 `` i can feel it . 
 let me in . '' 
 volcanic flames seared my throat and threatened to burn away al reason and wil power . 
 `` mr. hearst . 
 mr. hearst , '' i whispered aloud , closing my eyes and bringing the odious little man to mind . 
 `` there 's no reason for you to resist me , ridley . 
 you need me and bo needs you . 
 you 're helping us al when you drink from me . '' 
 i began to hum to myself , trying desperately to drown out his voice , his perfectly legitimate reasoning and the excruciating thirst that rode me like a cowboy rides a prize bul . 
 `` go away , '' i pushed out through my tightly gritted teeth . 
 `` why ? 
 ridley , you wo n't hurt me and you need to feed . 
 there 's nothing wrong with giving in to me . '' 
 `` go away ! '' 
 i shouted more forceful y . 
 the image of mr. hearst began to fade , eclipsed by a fiery red haze that was my need , my most basic urge to nourish my body . 
 the smel of cade 's blood permeated the air , as if it was oozing through the door , through the wal s , to envelope me in a painful cloud of want . 
 my breathing picked up , my heart raced , my mind flitted between rational thought and the desire to sink my teeth into cade 's tender flesh , and al the while i struggled to regain some sense of control . 
 desperately , i reached out and grabbed the last thought , the last memory that might give me the strength that i needed to resist , the resolve that i needed to fight . 
 it was the remembered feel of being pressed to bo 's side , his arm wrapped around my waist , his lips at my ear , and his words . 
 i do n't want anyone satisfying your hunger but me . 
 over and over , i let the images , the feelings , the words replay through my mind like a record skipping back to the same spot again and again . 
 my love and devotion to bo flooded in like high tide , fil ing my heart and my mind , soothing the agony that i felt in my throat . 
 my thirst and the pain that went with it was n't completely eradicated , but for the first time since awakening to a world dominated by bloodlust , i felt like i had a modicum of control . 
 slowly , back stil pressed into the corner , i pushed myself to my feet and stood , bravely facing the door and the delicious feast that lay just beyond it . 
 `` cade , go back to bed . 
 i ' l see you in the morning , '' i said with a surprising amount of authority and indifference . 
 `` but you - '' `` cade , go ! 
 i ' l see you in the morning , '' i repeated insistently . 
 i heard him sigh and then take two steps before stopping again . 
 i imagined that he turned back toward the door in indecision . 
 `` go , '' i cal ed , hoping to help him make the right choice . 
 another sigh was fol owed by his receding footsteps . 
 the further he got from the door , the easier i breathed . 
 when i heard the squeak of springs in a room above my head , i relaxed and moved to sit on the edge of the bed . 
 it was in that position-sitting on the end of the bed , marveling at my control and at the anchor that bo represented in my struggles , in my life-that bo found me . 
 i was so distracted that i did n't smel his tangy scent until he was already standing in the doorway watching me . 
 slowly , he stepped inside and closed the door quietly behind him . 
 i stood to my feet , but made no move to approach him . 
 he was ful y visible again , as was the dark of his eyes , eyes that were fil ed with a desire that instantly set my blood on fire . 
 it stirred a passion in me that rivaled his , mirrored it even . 
 it threatened to consume me , but before it could , bo crossed the room and took me in his arms . 
 bo fed me , satisfying my hunger like he 'd promised that he would . 
 secretly , i kept hoping that we would get another glimpse of our life together , a life i could n't be sure we 'd ever have . 
 i found myself holding onto the images of bo making love to me someday , out there in an inconceivable future . 
 i squeezed it tight between my fingers and held it close to my chest , desperately afraid i 'd never see that day . 
 as we lay recovering in each other 's arms , i realized that the tiny peek i 'd already been given might be the only one i 'd ever get , real or imagined . 
 but a smile tugged at my lips despite the little seed of hopelessness that was stil buried deep inside me . 
 if i never got to have bo in that way , never got to experience what loving him without al these other circumstances would be like , i 'd always have that one moment in time . 
 it was as real to me as if it had actual y happened and no one could take that from me . 
 no one . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 bo said , pressing his lips to my temple . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 `` you are perfect , '' he whispered against my hair . 
 i smiled again . 
 he always knew just what to say . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 `` as long as you 're in my arms , i 've got no complaints . '' 
 unbidden , an image of annika flitted through my mind . 
 it aggravated me that she was able to ruin such an intimate moment even when she was n't in the room . 
 reluctantly , i pushed myself up onto one elbow , staring down into bo 's handsome face . 
 `` i guess now i can drink from cade without having to worry about kil ing him , '' i teased , only partial y in jest . 
 that would always be a very real concern for me . 
 i was loathe to see a cloud of displeasure push the peaceful tranquility from bo 's face . 
 `` is there something else about me drinking from cade that you do n't like ? 
 something you 're not tel ing me ? '' 
 for a fraction of a second , i thought i saw evidence that i 'd struck a nerve , but it was gone so quickly it made me doubt that i 'd seen it at al . 
 `` i just do n't like it . 
 that 's al . '' 
 i nodded , studying his face . 
 it gave away nothing . 
 `` wel , if we have any hope of stopping sebastian , it has to be done . '' 
 `` i 'm stil not convinced that it 's the only way . '' 
 `` wel , as soon as you think of another option , just let me know , '' i said sitting up . 
 `` until then , this is the best source of information we 've got . '' 
 i knew bo could n't argue . 
 we 'd found devon hidden in an abandoned mine because of what i 'd seen with cade 's blood . 
 there was no doubt in my mind that cade was right about this being the way to stop sebastian . 
 if bo stil had reservations , i had a feeling they were rooted in something else , maybe something he just was n't wil ing to tel me . 
 i slid off the side of the bed . 
 `` come on , '' i said , holding my hand out to him . 
 `` let 's change clothes and get this over with . '' 
 with a put-upon sigh , bo took wrapped his fingers around mine and we set about changing into less burned and tattered attire . 
 once that was taken care of , we went out to the living room together . 
 only it was empty . 
 `` did annika come back with you ? '' 
 bo 's smooth brow puckered the tiniest bit . 
 `` yeah . 
 i guess she went to get some rest , '' he said a little too nonchalantly . 
 `` did something happen ? '' 
 bo shrugged his wide shoulders and shook his head , again leading me to believe there was something he was n't tel ing me . 
 i debated the wisdom of continuing to pry , but that little green monster poked his ugly head up and the words were out before i could stop them . 
 `` she wants you back , does n't she ? 
 you two had a thing before and she wants you back . '' 
 `` ridley , do n't - '' `` bo , i 'm not saying that you feel the same way , but at least be honest with me about it . '' 
 bo tipped his head to the side , his lips thinning . 
 he obviously did n't want to talk about it , but i was n't letting him off the hook . 
 when i raised my eyebrows in question , bo ran a hand through his hair like i 'd seen him do a hundred times . 
 `` yes , i think we were involved in some sort of ... relationship , but it 's over and there 's nothing for you to worry about . '' 
 `` but you ' l agree that it seems that she wants you back , right ? '' 
 bo rol ed his eyes , hating that i was forcing him to admit something he 'd rather just ignore . 
 `` she knows that we 're together , '' he hedged . 
 `` but she wants you back regardless . '' 
 bo sighed . 
 `` ridley - '' `` just admit it , bo . 
 she 's trying her best to get you back . 
 excluding me , talking about the good old days , it 's a classic female maneuver . '' 
 bo smiled at that , reaching out and winding his arm around my waist . 
 `` it is ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i snapped . 
 `` have you done things like that before ? '' 
 he taunted . 
 `` no , '' i said imperiously . 
 `` i 've never had to . '' 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 bo threw back his head and laughed at that , a sound that flooded my body with a warmth that seemed to radiate from my heart . 
 `` i love you . 
 did you know that ? '' 
 and just like that , my pique was gone , washed away by the reminder of the love we shared . 
 it was moments like those that made me realize i had nothing to fear from annika , despite her conniving ways . 
 nothing could touch our love . 
 nothing could hurt it , kil it , change it . 
 al that was happening around us seemed only to make it stronger and i felt sil y for thinking otherwise . 
 `` no more than i love you , '' i countered . 
 `` ah , i would n't be too sure about that , '' he said , brushing his lips over my cheekbone and the tip of my nose before kissing me lightly . 
 just as he drew me into his arms for a deeper kiss , a low drawl interrupted the moment . 
 `` are you ready now ? '' 
 it was cade . 
 he stood at the edge of the living room , looking sleepy and tousled . 
 he also looked very much like a model in his sleep pants and nothing else . 
 he had to know that coming to me bare-chested in front of bo was not a good idea . 
 `` you could n't get dressed before you came downstairs ? '' 
 bo snapped . 
 `` i tried to get her to feed earlier , but she refused . 
 she told me to go to bed so i did . 
 she woke me up . 
 not my fault she 's stubborn . '' 
 yawning , cade ambled into the living room , stopping in front of the sofa to stretch . 
 i could n't help but admire the way the muscles moved beneath al his tanned skin , but stil , he was n't bo . 
 to my right , bo made a growling sound . 
 `` what do you mean she woke you up ? '' 
 cade shrugged , casual as ever . 
 `` she needs my blood . 
 i do n't know how i know . 
 i just do . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 glancing at bo , i could see that he liked that answer even less . 
 cade moved to come around the couch and sit down , but bo stopped him . 
 `` there 's no reason for you to get too comfortable . 
 this wo n't take long . 
 she only needs information , not feeding , '' bo smirked . 
 `` she can get that from you standing right where you 're at . '' 
 i resisted the urge to rol my eyes , although i could n't deny that it thril ed me just a little for bo to act so blatantly jealous . 
 instead , i schooled my features to be careful y blank and unaffected as i approached cade . 
 he gave me a lop-sided grin and held out his arms . 
 i knew he did it just to needle bo and it worked . 
 i heard another growl sound from behind me , low and threatening . 
 i stopped just out of reach of cade 's arms and i breathed in . 
 i did it before i even realized what i was doing , but that one smal lapse was al that it took . 
 my eyes found the tick at the side of his neck and i felt the rise of my thirst in response . 
 my throat began to burn in that painful y familiar way , prickling like it was squeezing tight around a bal of thumb tacks . 
 i felt the tingling in my gums and knew that my fangs were making their way out for chow time . 
 i also knew that if i looked at myself in the mirror , i 'd see pale skin and light , milky green eyes , eyes that spoke of a thirst that would never be completely quenched . 
 al i heard above the heavy , rapid thud of cade 's heartbeat was his sharp inhalation when i stepped into his arms and stretched up onto my tiptoes to reach his neck . 
 the last thing i felt before my teeth broke his skin was his arms fold around me and pul me in close . 
 and then there was nothing but the taste of him and the soothing feel of his warm , sweet blood coating my throat . 
 after i took several gulps and the initial thral wore off , i reduced my suckling and , slowly , i became more aware of my surroundings . 
 i could feel cade 's fingers rhythmical y tensing against my back . 
 i could feel his warm chest brushing against mine as he panted . 
 i could also feel something rigid pressing against my bel y. i knew al too wel the pleasure of a vampire bite . 
 i knew , too , that cade was attracted to me . 
 i could smel it in his blood , feel it in the way he held me . 
 i could only imagine how hard it was for bo to watch , but i was determined to feed until i got more information . 
 cade and i were probably the best chance we had of beating sebastian . 
 bo was the ultimate weapon , but he needed ammunition that only i could provide , and that through cade . 
 final y , the visions in cade 's blood swept me away , much as they had the time before , and i let them . 
 at first i had trouble making sense of them , but there was nothing i could do to control where they went . 
 i had to hope that what i was seeing would be somehow end up being translated to something written on my skin , something that bo could understand and use . 
 but then , familiar faces began to slowly drift through my mind . 
 i nearly lost my bite-hold on cade when i gasped against his throat . 
 one beautiful face frozen in terror burned onto the backs of my eyes . 
 it was savannah . 
 chapter sixteen i focused al my attention on savannah 's horrified face , but nothing else came . 
 no clues as to what she was so afraid of , where she might be , or when it was to take place , only that she was afraid . 
 the next picture almost completely eclipsed my fear for savannah 's safety . 
 the image was of bo and sebastian . 
 they were standing across the room from one another , although i could n't tel exactly where they were . 
 they were both shirtless and bo 's mouth was open as if he was screaming . 
 they each held long , sharply-pointed , odd-looking stakes . 
 bo 's was white , sebastian 's black . 
 it was easy to see by the looks on their faces that they were both out for total annihilation . 
 i watched the scene unfold , as real as if it were happening al around me at that very moment . 
 my heart , my mouth , the entire world went completely stil as i watched bo and sebastian run toward one another , their bodies col iding with a loud crack as each placed his weapon through the other 's heart with perfect aim . 
 they stood locked in a deadly embrace for what seemed like an eternity before one fel , before one began to disintegrate right before my eyes . 
 but it was the wrong one . 
 it was bo . 
 my throat ceased to work . 
 i was physical y unable to swal ow even the tiniest drop from cade 's artery . 
 nothing could get past the lump of terror and heartbreak that was lodged in my throat . 
 i watched in horror until bo was nothing more than a smoky film in the air . 
 i held on tight to cade 's neck , waiting for more from the vision , waiting for bo to rise and take the day . 
 but he did n't . 
 it was just before my legs gave out that i saw the scene begin to replay from the point where the two men faced off against one another . 
 this time , however , there was one difference . 
 as if i was seeing it in slow motion , i watched the men move toward each other . 
 but then my vantage point changed . 
 i was suddenly moving , moving across the room to slide my body in between the two men as they struck out at each other . 
 though i felt the stakes ram through my chest , one on either side , i felt no pain . 
 i felt only relief that i was facing bo and that he was n't dissolving into thin air as he had previously . 
 he backed away from me , a look of complete shock on his face . 
 i could see a bloody spot on his chest where sebastian 's stake had barely pierced him as it made its way through my body . 
 i wanted to step toward him , but something held me . 
 from behind , i felt hands at my shoulders . 
 they pushed me away and then i was fal ing into bo 's arms . 
 he caught me and cradled me against his chest , lowering me gently to the ground . 
 though he said nothing , his eyes never stopped screaming at me . 
 they were begging me to tel him this was some kind of mistake , begging me to tel him he was only dreaming . 
 but they were also tel ing me of his undying love , his wild desperation , his indestructible devotion . 
 movement to my left caught my eye and i glanced over in time to see the bloody hole in sebastian 's chest . 
 bo 's stake had gone through me as wel , penetrating sebastian as his had penetrated bo . 
 but there was a difference in this scenario . 
 this time , it was sebastian who was dying . 
 i could see his golden skin turning black with decay and drying up like crumpled paper . 
 and then , just as bo had , sebastian began to disintegrate , to simply dissolve into the air around him in a hazy cloud of dark smoke . 
 as i turned my attention back to bo and saw the panic and heartbreak in his eyes , i realized what had made the difference in this version . 
 the difference was me . 
 the whole point of this vision suddenly became clear to me . 
 in order for bo to live , i had to die . 
 as i was digesting this new revelation , something suddenly and without warning jerked me out of the vision . 
 it was like being sucked out of a moving car . 
 i was instantly gone from the vision and back in sebastian 's living room , tucked securely in cade 's arms . 
 my cheeks were wet with tears and my forehead rested against his chin . 
 when i leaned back and raised my eyes to cade 's , i did n't have to ask if he saw it , too . 
 i knew he did . 
 `` ridley , does that mean what i think it means ? '' 
 `` that savannah 's next ? '' 
 i offered quickly , giving cade a stern and meaningful look . 
 he frowned in disapproval , but said nothing to give me away . 
 `` i can only assume so . '' 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 bo asked , appearing at my side to extricate me from cade 's grasp . 
 i shot cade one more warning look before i schooled my features and turned to bo . 
 `` i saw savannah and she was terrified . 
 i do n't know exactly what happens , but somehow i know she 's next , '' i said . 
 `` it 's not as clear as it was with devon , but maybe we should act as though it was . 
 maybe this is a warning that we need to get to savannah . 
 now . '' 
 `` wel , devon should be with her right now , '' bo observed , always rational . 
 `` yeah , but what about later ? '' 
 `` so you have no idea when this happens ? 
 or where ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 bo watched me thoughtful y for several tense seconds . 
 `` are you sure that 's it ? 
 that 's al you saw ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` honestly , i did n't see anything else , like where she was , who she was afraid of , where they took her , anything . '' 
 and that was absolutely true . 
 about savannah , that is . 
 his eyes narrowed on me suspiciously , so i quickly took control of the conversation , afraid he might somehow pin me down . 
 `` so i 'm thinking that since i 'm al juiced up on human blood , i can be around savannah without having to worry , right ? '' 
 `` eh , '' bo said as he did a kind of back and forth thing with his head that was n't real y agreement or disagreement . 
 `` wel , at any rate , you ' l be here . 
 and devon . 
 i say that , tomorrow morning , i go get her and bring her here . 
 she can tel her dad she 's housesitting with me . '' 
 `` babe , it is tomorrow morning , '' bo said , cocking his head toward the wal of windows that was flooded with the pastel-hued sunrise . 
 `` oh , right , '' i said , smiling sheepishly . 
 `` time sure does fly when you 're battling hel hounds , does n't it ? '' 
 bo grinned . 
 `` why do n't we wait for devon to get back , see what he says and then we ' l go from there ? '' 
 i wanted to argue , but i could n't . 
 that sounded far too reasonable to dispute . 
 `` maybe i should at least cal her , make sure she 's alright and tel her what i want to do . '' 
 bo chuckled . 
 `` alright then . 
 cal her if you must , '' he granted in an exasperated voice . 
 i dug my phone out of my pocket and dialed savannah . 
 it was answered on the first ring , but not by the voice i expected to hear . 
 `` hey , ridley , '' devon whispered into the phone . 
 `` how - `` i paused for a moment , wondering , but then answered the question i had n't asked-cal er id . 
 `` where 's savannah ? 
 why are you answering her phone ? 
 and why are you whispering ? '' 
 i whispered in return . 
 `` she 's asleep . 
 why are you whispering ? '' 
 i thought about that for a second and then we both laughed . 
 `` good question , '' i replied at a more normal level . 
 `` devon , i 've got a favor . '' 
 i explained to him what i 'd seen and what i wanted to do with regard to savannah . 
 of course , devon wanted to spend as much time with savannah as possible , as wel as ensure her safety , so he was completely in favor of the plan . 
 `` so then you ' l stay with her until she wakes up , tel her about the plan and then cal me so i can come get her , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` do n't tel her it has anything to do with her mother . 
 just tel her it 's sebastian . '' 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i do n't want to upset her . '' 
 `` good . 
 neither do i. '' `` wel , i guess i ' l be waiting to hear from you then . '' 
 `` and you do n't think her dad wil have a problem with her skipping time with the tutor today ? 
 or that he ' l wonder why you 're out of school on a friday , too ? '' 
 devon asked . 
 `` savannah 's creative . 
 she ' l think of something , '' i responded , never in doubt of savannah 's ingenuity . 
 `` good point , '' devon said . 
 `` okay , i ' l cal you when it 's time to come and get her . '' 
 we hung up and i turned to bo . 
 `` done deal . '' 
 i was inordinately pleased , feeling for just a moment as if we 'd somehow thwarted sebastian . 
 i knew that there was so much more involved than just managing to hide savannah , but i felt it was best to celebrate the smal victories . 
 i might not be around to celebrate the big one . 
 pushing that thought away , i smiled my smile of great accomplishment , at which bo grinned . 
 `` now you can rest easy , '' he stated . 
 `` shal we go see what new developments your skin has to show ? '' 
 bo taking off my clothes to rub his hands al over my skin ? 
 yes , please ! 
 i simply smiled and bo took my hand , leading me back to the one smal sanctuary we had in al this mess . 
 once inside my room , bo removed my shirt to look for new writing . 
 there was none on my chest this time , but he found some on my bel y and my side . 
 after he scrutinized them , bo turned me around . 
 he ran his fingers gently over the skin of my back , but it was n't until he 'd reached my waist that i could tel that he 'd found something . 
 once again , he leaned in so closely i could feel his breath fanning my skin . 
 i heard a soft shuffling and looked over my shoulder to see that bo had gotten down on his knees behind me . 
 he looked up at me and my stomach fluttered . 
 `` turn around , '' he said quietly . 
 without question , i did as he asked . 
 his eyes dropped to my navel and he reached forward , pushing the button of my jeans through the hole to release it . 
 after he slid the zipper down , bo ran his thumb under my waist band and began to shimmy my jeans over my hips and down my legs . 
 i watched his face as he uncovered my body , inch by inch . 
 i could tel by the increasing blackness of his eyes that his desire was on the rise as my jeans fel to the floor and pooled around my ankles . 
 without being told , i kicked off my shoes and stepped out of my pants . 
 bo pushed them aside and , with one hand to my hip , urged me back in front of him . 
 excruciatingly slowly , bo ran his hands up and down my legs and then placed one kiss just below my navel . 
 chil s spread across my stomach and i sucked in my breath . 
 when he looked up at me , it felt as though his eyes-eyes so ful of love and desire and something dark and ravenous - seared me to my soul . 
 final y , he spoke . 
 `` turn around . '' 
 shivering with excitement , i did as he asked and let him examine my back side . 
 i felt his fingers again , skating over my skin like a warm breeze . 
 he traced shapes at my waist and down to my left hip , beneath the material of my panties . 
 when he spoke again , i had al but forgotten that there was a reason for my dishabil e. `` he needs the blood of corruption , death , betrayal , hatred , envy and doom to destroy me . 
 he wil use it somehow to invade and vaporize my angelic form . 
 only one element can protect me and weaken him , but it does n't say which one yet . '' 
 i looked over my shoulder again at bo . 
 his revelation was very sobering . 
 he stood and i turned toward him . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i do n't know how i understand what it means , but i do . '' 
 `` and you think devon and savannah are two of the people he needs ? '' 
 he nodded again . 
 i thought as much , too . 
 `` you know , '' bo said , sliding his fingers around my neck and into my hair . 
 `` we do n't have to do this . 
 we could just run away together . 
 we could forget about sebastian , get married and spend eternity making love on a beach somewhere in a third world country . '' 
 i wound my fingers around his wrist . 
 `` you know we ca n't do that . 
 he ' l always be looking for you , trying to find you and destroy the only person on the planet that could take his miserable life . 
 this has to be done . '' 
 `` what if i do n't care ? 
 what if i 'd rather risk it and spend as many years as i can with you ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` you 're not that guy , bo . 
 it 's one of the thousands of reasons i love you . '' 
 bo took a step forward , bringing his body into contact with my scantily clad one until he was touching me from nipple to thigh . 
 he wrapped the fingers of his other hand around my neck , rubbing his thumbs soothingly over my jawline . 
 `` once he 's gone , would you do that ? '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` run away with me , '' he answered , then added softly , `` marry me . '' 
 my heart sped up , thudding wildly against my ribs . 
 i must be misunderstanding him , i thought . 
 `` what do you - i mean , what are you saying ? '' 
 bo 's eyes bored hot holes into mine . 
 `` i 'm asking if you ' l marry me , '' he whispered earnestly . 
 i caught and held my breath . 
 a dozen random thoughts raced through my head , but beneath them al , a tril of pure euphoria rang . 
 i was so happy at the thought of pledging my life to bo that i was speechless . 
 but in my silence , bo read a different meaning . 
 `` i know you 're young , ridley , and that you 've got a lot of life ahead of you , but we would n't have to do it right away . 
 we could wait a little while . 
 i just would n't want to wait too long , because if i 'm mortal and you 're - '' `` yes , '' i interrupted quietly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 bo asked careful y , one corner of his mouth curling up hesitantly . 
 `` i said ` yes ' , '' i repeated , feeling a radiant smile curve my own lips . 
 `` real y ? '' 
 `` yes , real y. '' bo 's faced relaxed into a boyish expression of sheer delight that warmed me to my toes . 
 he 'd actual y considered that i might say no and the thought of his insecurity made my consent feel al the sweeter . 
 with one sharp bark of laughter , bo took his fingers out of my hair and grabbed me around the waist . 
 crushing my body to his , bo lifted me off my feet and swung me around . 
 i tucked my face into his neck to smother the giggle of elation that bubbled in my throat . 
 i noticed that bo 's scent was stronger than usual and i realized that his blood was warm with happiness , saturating his skin with his unique aroma as it seeped through his pores . 
 maybe that 's why i always smel ed it so strongly . 
 maybe i made him happy . 
 bo set me on my feet only to scoop me up and carry me to the bed . 
 as he moved , a vision of me dying in his arms crept in to mar our sublime moment . 
 i felt my smile falter for a fraction of a second , but bo did n't see it . 
 when he laid me down and stood at the side of the bed , looking down at me with al the love in the world shining in his eyes , i forced my lips up into my brightest smile . 
 i 'd be the best actress earth had ever seen if it meant keeping my troubles from bo . 
 there were some things he did n't need to know , some things he did n't need to be bothered with , and my impending demise was definitely one of them . 
 for the next few hours , bo was like a total y different person . 
 he kissed and stroked nearly every inch of my skin , worshipping my body as if it were made of gold and glass . 
 he whispered the most wonderful words in my ear , sweet nothings that made my heart swel unbearably in my chest . 
 he tickled my feet until i could n't catch my breath , chasing me al over the bed to continue his torment . 
 i could n't help notice that his laugh was more carefree than i 'd ever heard it , his face was more relaxed than i 'd ever seen it and his heart seemed happier than i 'd ever known it to be . 
 for those few hours , the world outside the four wal s of that bedroom did n't exist and neither did a future that held anything but optimistic sunrises and blissful sunsets . 
 we were laying on the bed , talking about that future , the one i was almost certain that i 'd never see , when my phone rang . 
 i knew before i picked it up who it would be . 
 it was savannah and she was ready for me to come get her . 
 `` what did you tel your dad ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i told him that you were out of school for half the day and that we were going shopping and renting some movies for our girl 's weekend . '' 
 `` quick thinking , '' i stated appreciatively . 
 `` but half a day ? 
 what do you - '' i stopped myself before i could finish the question , pul ing the phone away from my ear to check the little blue numbers at the top of the screen . 
 sure enough , it was already almost lunch time . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 savannah prompted . 
 `` oh , nothing . 
 so , he completely trusts you to come over here and spend the weekend in a house without adult supervision ? '' 
 `` ridley , i 'm a blind girl . 
 how much trouble can i real y get into ? '' 
 i snickered . 
 `` he obviously has no idea . '' 
 she chuckled , too . 
 `` obviously ! 
 i ' l see you in a few minutes then ? '' 
 `` i 'm on my way . '' 
 we hung up and i looked over at bo . 
 he was on his side , lounging casual y on the velvet duvet , watching me with eyes that turned my guts inside out . 
 i was very sad to see our playful , enchanting morning come to an end . 
 i had no doubts , though , that i would treasure the memory of it for as long as i lived , however many days , years or decades that might end up being . 
 bo watched me dress . 
 it made me feel warm and sexy and shy al at the same time , a very heady combination . 
 when i was straightening my shirt , he slid off the bed and walked to me . 
 tenderly , he pushed my hair over my shoulder and bent his head to kiss my throat . 
 chil s spread over my chest . 
 when he straightened , he looked down into my face and smiled . 
 `` i love you , '' he said . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 he took my hand . 
 `` now , let 's go get savannah . '' 
 `` wait , '' i said , putting a hand to his chest . 
 `` you ca n't go . 
 what if someone sees you ? '' 
 `` oh , '' he said , `` i did n't think of that . '' 
 `` i do n't blame you , '' i said , planting a quick kiss on his chin . 
 `` you 've been distracted . '' 
 with a growl , bo pul ed me in close and whispered to me just before his lips covered mine . 
 `` tease . '' 
 after what had to be a ful minute of steamy kissing , bo leaned back and looked at me questioningly . 
 `` how do you feel , thirst-wise ? '' 
 i paused , giving careful consideration to the sensation in my chest and throat and then thought of savannah . 
 i paid particular attention to how envisioning her and the smel of her blood affected me . 
 `` i think i 'm okay , '' i answered . 
 `` but devon wil be with us regardless , so ... '' bo nodded and we final y made our way from the bedroom down the hal toward the front door . 
 as we passed the living room , i saw the cade and annika were sitting in the floor around the large , rectangular coffee table with a board game spread out between them . 
 the fireplace behind them was ablaze and both seemed utterly engrossed in what they were doing . 
 i paused in the doorway to look at the letters on the board . 
 i had to smile when i saw that the game they were playing was chutes and ladders . 
 `` what ? '' 
 bo asked when he saw my grin . 
 `` i guess the only games they could find here were some of lil y 's . '' 
 bo walked me to my car and i drove to savannah 's house . 
 when i pul ed up to the curb , i sat in the car for a few extra seconds , reassuring myself that my thirst was very much under control and that i would never hurt my friend . 
 in my head , i was formulating a plan that would best ensure savannah 's safety when i heard the front door creak open . 
 i looked up and saw savannah making her way careful y down the sidewalk using a walking stick like i 'd seen other blind people use . 
 i 'd never seen savannah use something like that and it made my heart wrench in sympathy for my friend . 
 savannah had an overnight bag slung over her shoulder and she was shuffling her feet uncertainly . 
 i hurried out of the car to go and help her . 
 it was n't until i got closer to her that i realized why she was shuffling . 
 i had n't been looking around her or i would 've noticed devon 's wavy shimmer glinting in the partial y sunny afternoon light . 
 he was hovering at her back , helping her as she made her way to the car . 
 `` sorry , devon , '' i said quietly . 
 `` i did n't see you . '' 
 `` see , '' he whispered to savannah . 
 `` i told you . '' 
 `` shh , '' she hissed , shushing him . 
 `` wait until we get in the car . '' 
 i took savannah 's bag and let her use my arm rather than the long stick to help guide her to the car . 
 she walked much faster that way . 
 once she was safely in the car , i opened the back door wide , ostensibly to throw her bag into the floorboard . 
 `` hurry , '' i said softly , trying not to move my lips . 
 i saw devon 's shimmer disappear into the back seat just before i threw savannah 's bag in behind him and slammed the door shut . 
 when i slid behind the driver 's seat , i could n't help but laugh . 
 `` that was crazy , '' i exclaimed to savannah as i started the engine . 
 `` he was afraid for you to come in the house , but he did n't want me to fal going down the sidewalk either , '' she griped . 
 `` i just knew someone would see him . '' 
 `` i told you no one would pay any attention as long as i stayed close to you . 
 the sun 's not that bright today and i 'm harder to see , '' he explained sensibly . 
 i listened quietly to their exchange , trying my best to hold back the smile that threatened . 
 `` what ? '' 
 devon said . 
 i said nothing . 
 i did n't know who he was talking to until savannah clarified . 
 `` he 's talking to you , ridley . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said grinning sheepishly . 
 `` sorry . 
 i ca n't see you , remember ? '' 
 `` now you know how i feel , '' savannah mumbled . 
 `` what were you trying not to laugh at ? '' 
 devon specified . 
 `` oh nothing , '' i said as i pul ed away from the curb . 
 `` what , ridley ? '' 
 devon snapped . 
 `` you two . 
 you 're like an old married couple , the way you argue . 
 i just think it 's funny , that 's al . '' 
 savannah turned in her seat to face devon , throwing her most winsome smile in his direction . 
 `` do you feel like an old married couple ? 
 because , if that 's the case , i think we 've missed out on a couple of the finer points of being married , '' she teased . 
 i could almost hear devon smile at her innuendo . 
 `` maybe we are like an old married couple , '' he returned , referring to their apparent lack of physical intimacy . 
 `` oh , '' savannah said , laughing good-naturedly . 
 `` that 's just wrong ! 
 not al wives are frigid like that . '' 
 `` i know , '' he conceded . 
 `` and i doubt you 'd be that way anyhow . 
 there 's nothing wrong with your , ahem , urges . '' 
 i had to glance at savannah to see if her cheeks would flood with color . 
 and they did . 
 she stil laughed , though , slapping devon on the knee . 
 it made a smacking sound so i knew her aim was spot-on . 
 it was stil so strange to me that she could see him perfectly . 
 `` you 're so bad , '' she added coyly , beaming at him . 
 `` geez , get a room , '' i suggested . 
 they both laughed and it seemed that their spat was over . 
 we chatted about inconsequential things on the short drive to sebastian 's . 
 it was n't until i 'd parked in front of the garage that i realized i 'd made it the whole drive without thinking of ripping savannah 's throat open one time . 
 i was inordinately pleased with my progress . 
 devon helped savannah out of the car and i reached for her bag . 
 `` devon , did you tel her about annika and cade ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` alright then , let 's go . '' 
 we walked in and , after dropping her bag at the door , i led savannah and devon to the living room where annika and cade had been before i 'd left . 
 they were stil there , stil deeply engrossed in chutes and ladders . 
 `` annika , cade , i 'd like you to meet my friend savannah . '' 
 `` it 's so nice to meet you , savannah , '' annika said brightly , getting up and coming to shake her hand . 
 i was a bit puzzled by her warmth . 
 she 'd never shown that much affection for me . 
 of course , she probably wanted to throw me off a bridge so she could have bo al to herself , so ... cade got up and slowly approached savannah , but his eyes kept straying to me . 
 `` savannah , '' he said in his deep rumbly drawl . 
 `` cade , i do n't suppose you 've met devon yet . 
 he 's savannah 's boyfriend . '' 
 i heard the clap of devon 's hand on cade 's shoulder , drawing cade 's eye to the now completely invisible space that devon occupied . 
 `` nice to meet you , man , '' devon said , pumping cade 's hand . 
 it was comical to watch . 
 it looked as if cade was just shaking his hand up and down in midair . 
 `` you guys can pick whatever room you want except - '' `` who 's that ? '' 
 savannah asked in a hushed voice . 
 `` who 's who ? '' 
 i asked . 
 savannah pointed down the hal and al eyes turned toward bo as he made his way toward us . 
 `` who , bo ? '' 
 `` that 's bo ? '' 
 savannah asked . 
 `` yes , but how can you see him ? '' 
 i was confused . 
 i could see bo clearly , as could everyone else . 
 but so could savannah and she was only supposed to be able to see vampires when they were invisible . 
 she 'd never been able to see bo before ... `` i ca n't real y see him . 
 i can only see a blurry white silhouette . 
 it 's kind of like that dark shape i saw grab devon , only white . '' 
 no one said a word . 
 bo had stopped dead in his tracks and was staring at savannah , open-mouthed . 
 slowly , careful y , cautiously , savannah made her way to bo . 
 as she walked , she held one hand out in front of her as if to ensure she did n't run into anything . 
 when she was directly in front of him , she stopped . 
 raising her hand to his shoulder , she swiped at the air behind bo , but her fingers met with nothing but empty space . 
 bo was the first to speak , his voice barely a croak . 
 `` what is it ? 
 what do you see ? '' 
 `` it looks like - like - like wings . '' 
 chapter seventeen it was so quiet a pin dropping across the street could 've been heard . 
 i do n't think any of us knew quite what to say , what to make of savannah 's strange observation . 
 but then cade spoke , adding another layer of bizarre mystery to the situation . 
 `` it 's beginning . '' 
 al eyes then turned to him . 
 `` what 's beginning ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the battle , '' cade answered enigmatical y. `` what battle ? 
 cade , what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` sebastian must have located al the necessary components . 
 he 's preparing to carry out iofiel 's letter . '' 
 `` what does that even mean ? '' 
 even as i asked this , i was afraid that i knew . 
 `` it means that he 's found a way to kil bo . '' 
 my heart stuttered like a faulty airplane engine , stopping for just a second before it dropped through the floor . 
 even though i knew that 's what sebastian was planning , knew that was his goal , the worst part was finding out that it was imminent . 
 it was nerve-racking to have someone like cade confirm that we were , in fact , running out of time . 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 it was bo who asked this time . 
 `` i 've seen it . 
 your true nature is emerging , preparing to fight . 
 preparing for the fight . '' 
 `` but that ca n't be right . 
 i do n't know how to defeat him yet . 
 al of the letter has n't appeared on ridley 's skin yet . '' 
 one side of cade 's mouth turned up in a smirk . 
 `` then i guess you 'd better start letting her feed more often . '' 
 bo 's lips thinned . 
 aggravation was clear in every hard line of his face and in the tick at the corner of his clenched jaw . 
 i knew he wanted to lash out at cade , but bo was smart enough to realize that we needed him . 
 with great effort , bo brought his anger under control and asked , `` do you know anything more about these sources that sebastian needs ? '' 
 his words were tense and purposeful . 
 `` i know that this place , this town is a nexus for the elements that sebastian must use against you . 
 al that he needs , he wil find here . '' 
 `` so we need to find the rest of the people and make sure that he ca n't get to them , '' bo concluded . 
 `` yes , but you ' l have to hurry . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because the visions i 've seen show your wings coming very near the end . 
 the changes have already begun . '' 
 al eyes turned toward bo , but his eyes were locked with mine . 
 in his gaze , i read a thousand things . 
 some scared me , some reassured me . 
 some turned my bones to butter , but al of them pierced my heart with tiny needles of mad desperation . 
 underlying the myriad things in his eyes was a coolness , a bravado that was meant to be reassuring . 
 i tried to return some of that confidence , but it was difficult . 
 after al , i had seen what could happen if i did n't make it in between him and sebastian in time . 
 i had seen what was at stake . 
 `` then what are you people waiting for ? '' 
 savannah chimed in , throwing her hands up in question . 
 everyone glanced at me , as if i was supposed to just walk right over and sink my teeth into cade . 
 `` um , you can just forget it if you think i 'm gon na be putting on a show for everybody . '' 
 `` you 've done it in front of others before , '' cade added with a sly little grin . 
 `` wel , this is different . 
 the three of us can just go somewhere else and y ' al , '' i said , sweeping my hand to include everyone else , `` can go get to know each other or something . 
 talk . 
 laugh . 
 plot . 
 do whatever . '' 
 `` we could use my room , '' cade suggested . 
 `` no . '' 
 bo was quick to shoot down that idea . 
 `` no bedrooms . '' 
 cade shrugged , not surprised by bo 's reaction . 
 i was beginning to think he liked provoking bo . 
 `` wel that leaves bathrooms , the kitchen , the dining room - which would be very appropriate in my opinion-the garage , the hidden room or the study . '' 
 bo scowled at cade , in no way amused by his flippant attitude . 
 `` the study sounds good , '' bo said . 
 `` and that wil no doubt work out best for you . 
 there are fewer weapons i might be tempted to use against you in there . '' 
 cade arched one ebony brow at bo and inclined his head in silent agreement , not the least intimidated by the blatant threat . 
 bo shifted to the right side of the hal , indicating with one hand that cade should precede him . 
 with a snort , cade moved past bo and made his way the short distance to the study . 
 when he 'd disappeared through the door , i moved to bo 's side . 
 `` i know you do n't like this , '' i said softly , `` and i 'm sorry you have to watch . '' 
 `` i do n't have to watch . 
 i just do n't trust him , that 's al . '' 
 `` but you trust me . '' 
 the corner of bo 's mouth twitched as he tried to grin . 
 `` yes , i trust you . '' 
 `` good , '' i said with a smile , hoping to lessen the tension . 
 `` because i 'd break both his hands if he tried anything . '' 
 bo actual y smiled at that . 
 `` now that 's something i 'd like to see . '' 
 `` do n't doubt it , mister , '' i said with teasing bluster . 
 `` there 's a part of me that 's ninja vampire . 
 you just have n't seen it yet . '' 
 with a chuckle , bo slid his arm around my waist and drew me in close to his body . 
 `` then you must keep her wel - hidden , because i 've seen most of your parts and i do n't remember that . '' 
 i smacked bo 's chest playful y , a blush stinging my cheeks . 
 i could n't help but look over my shoulder to see if anyone else heard his softly-spoken suggestive comment . 
 though al eyes were politely turned in another direction , i got the distinct impression that they 'd heard him . 
 turning back to bo , i reached behind me and took his hand , tugging him down the hal . 
 `` let 's go before you get us into trouble . '' 
 bo grinned , the gleam in his eye making him look adorably mischievous . 
 i loved every second of it . 
 with doom knocking at my door , i wanted to grab hold of every pleasant moment i could find and hold on until the bitter end . 
 i led bo into sebastian 's study and closed the door behind us . 
 cade was seated in the plush executive chair behind the desk and he 'd swiveled it toward the door . 
 audaciously , he patted his lap . 
 `` come hop on . '' 
 shocked at his insensitivity , my eyes flew to bo . 
 i was surprised that there was n't steam coming out of his ears . 
 he did look positively livid , though . 
 cade chuckled , pushing his large body out of the chair and coming to his feet . 
 `` i 'm kidding . 
 come here , '' he said , opening his arms much as he 'd done earlier . 
 i glanced back at bo and he nodded once , sharply . 
 i imagined that , at that moment , he could n't have squeezed a single sound between his teeth , they were gritted so tightly . 
 he looked as if he was about to explode . 
 i turned and walked quickly to cade , determined to get the necessary feeding over with , for bo 's sake if for no other reason . 
 as i stepped into the circle of cade 's arms , however , it became less of a drudgery to feed from him . 
 his delicious smel enveloped me , as did his body when he hugged me to him . 
 reaching up , i grabbed the back of his neck and pul ed myself up on tiptoe to sink my very-ready fangs into his throat . 
 right before i did , i could n't stop the pang of guilt i felt at the four angry-looking marks on his neck . 
 but then everything faded into the background , overcome by that first heady mouthful of sweet , human blood . 
 as with previous times , i was lost to the sensation of it for a time before my head cleared enough to take in any information . 
 absently , i wondered if cade felt the same way-swept away for a few minutes on a tide of glorious feeling . 
 final y , the visions came , this one alarming in a way far different than the others . 
 this one was of lil y. my heart lurched when i saw her playing with her dol s in the center of a dirt floor . 
 now that i knew who she was , it was impossible not to see the incredible similarities between her and her mother , my dead sister . 
 after what felt like an eternity of taking in her beauty , i managed to look past the izzy in her and real y look at lil y herself . 
 she was wearing royal blue leggings and a print top . 
 the top had ruffles along the hem and it was filthy . 
 anger rose up in me when that registered , but then , on closer inspection , i realized that her hair looked clean and she looked happy . 
 it was mostly her clothes that were soiled , no doubt from playing in the dirt . 
 a smal wave of relief washed over me when it became apparent that they were stil taking care of her , but i had to wonder how long that would last . 
 if she was the focus of my vision then i could only assume that she was in danger . 
 i looked around where she sat , taking in as much detail as i could . 
 there was something about the structure that looked vaguely familiar , but i could n't put my finger on where i 'd seen it . 
 the wal s seemed to be made of poorly-spaced wooden planks and the ceiling was n't even visible in my field of view . 
 it was n't until i saw the vicious teeth on the front of the tractor that sat in the background to lil y 's right that i put two and two together . 
 sebastian was keeping her in the barn where trinity had died . 
 i tore my teeth from cade 's neck in a gasp . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked , searching his eyes for answers . 
 `` why there ? 
 why would he keep her there ? '' 
 cade shrugged . 
 `` i do n't have the answer to that . '' 
 i turned to bo . 
 `` i saw lil y. sebastian 's holding her in the barn , you know the one where trinity and aisha , uh , fought . '' 
 bo frowned . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` positive , '' i said emphatical y. i 'd never forget that building . 
 never . 
 `` but why ? 
 why would he keep her there , bo ? '' 
 bo made a noise , one that fel somewhere between sigh and growl . 
 `` it sounds like a trap . '' 
 as soon as he verbalized it , i felt the truth of his words resonate somewhere deep in my soul . 
 `` it is . 
 it 's a trap , but what do we do ? 
 how can we help lil y then ? '' 
 `` was she alone ? '' 
 `` i did n't see anyone else , but that does n't mean that no one else was there . '' 
 `` true . 
 if they 're not feeding , we 'd never be able to see them in the dark . '' 
 i paused , my next thought both encouraging and dreadful . 
 `` no , but we know someone who could . '' 
 bo and i said the name simultaneously . 
 `` savannah . '' 
 the instant her name left my lips , i was fil ed with misgivings . 
 `` bo , we could never ask savannah to be a part of this . 
 it 's too dangerous and she 's too breakable . '' 
 bo stepped toward me , looking pointedly at cade . 
 `` could you give us a minute ? '' 
 cade , stil dazed from my bite , nodded absently and made his way to the door . 
 his steps were slow and lethargic . 
 for a second , i almost laughed . 
 i could remember with perfect clarity what that felt like . 
 when cade had exited and closed the door firmly behind him , bo turned back to me and spoke . 
 `` i know we 've already talked about this , but i just want to remind you that we do n't have to do this , '' he reiterated . 
 `` we can just run away . 
 we could be together , both of us vampires , and live forever . 
 none of these people would get hurt then . '' 
 `` you ca n't know that . '' 
 `` there would be no reason . 
 if i 'm not around , there 's no reason for him to hurt them . '' 
 `` so , what ? 
 we 'd live forever looking over our shoulders ? '' 
 bo sighed in frustration . 
 `` it would n't be like - '' `` yes , it would and you know it . 
 besides , sebastian has to be kil ed . 
 it 's what you were born to do , bo . 
 you ca n't just ignore something like that just because it 's inconvenient . '' 
 `` i know that , but i ca n't stand the thought of bringing al this into your life and then leaving you to live for eternity with it , alone . 
 without me . '' 
 that thought used to bother me as wel , but now i had information that he did not . 
 it was pretty clear to me that , in order that bo would live and sebastian would die , i would likely not see christmas . 
 heck , i might not even see monday for al i knew . 
 `` bo , i have every confidence that i wo n't be watching you die . '' 
 and i meant that , just probably not in the way that bo thought i did . 
 `` wel , if you 're determined to go through with this then savannah could be a big help . '' 
 `` i know , but ... '' `` devon can watch out for her . 
 i have a feeling he 'd rather die himself than let anything happen to her . '' 
 i had to smile . 
 `` i think you 're probably right . '' 
 `` look , i know you 're worried about it . 
 let 's just tel them what 's going on and let them decide , okay ? 
 savannah 's a big girl . '' 
 with that , bo wiped some blood from my bottom lip , gave me a quick kiss and then led me to the door . 
 back outside the study , it seemed that savannah and devon were getting along beautiful y with annika , much to my chagrin . 
 when bo and i appeared in the hal at the living room , i could n't help but notice that annika 's eyes went straight to bo and stayed there . 
 `` what did you find out ? '' 
 she asked . 
 bo explained about my vision of lil y , where they were keeping her , and that we suspected it might be a trap . 
 he also explained the possibility that both sebastian and heather might be abstaining from blood in order to remain visual y undetectable . 
 without having to go any further , savannah spoke up . 
 `` i can help with that , '' she asserted . 
 `` if you guys ca n't see them , it means that i can , right ? '' 
 bo and i glanced at one another . 
 `` yes , technical y , but - '' `` no buts . 
 if i can help , i want to . '' 
 `` no , '' devon stated definitively . 
 `` it 's too dangerous . '' 
 savannah looked to her left , toward what looked like the empty space beside her , and arched one brow . 
 if you did n't look real y closely and the light did n't hit him just right , devon was completely imperceptible . 
 `` just because it 's dangerous does n't mean that i wo n't help my friends . 
 if you want to sit this one out , be my guest . '' 
 `` savannah - '' `` i 'm going , '' she declared stubbornly . 
 plainly , i heard devon 's breath hiss through his teeth in frustration . 
 he said nothing for several seconds , but then agreed , albeit grudgingly . 
 `` like i 'd let them go take this a-hole out without me . 
 besides , they ' l need me to help keep you in line , '' he teased . 
 `` think you 're man enough for that job ? '' 
 she returned , her grin taking on a hint of intimacy that made me feel a little like i was watching them through a bedroom window . 
 `` alright , you two . 
 seriously , if you 're gon na keep this up , you have to get a room ! '' 
 everyone laughed , but beneath the placid surface of the jovial moment , a current of dread , uncertainty and a healthy stream of fear flowed . 
 `` what did you learn from the letter this time , bo ? '' 
 cade asked when the laughter had died down . 
 `` i have n't looked yet , '' he admitted stiffly . 
 `` do n't you think you 'd better do that before we go any further with making plans ? '' 
 `` i wanted to let you al know what we found out before we excused ourselves to look for more writing . 
 we might be a while , '' bo said , injecting as much venom and innuendo as he could into his statement . 
 i knew then that he was aware of cade 's attraction to me and he was very subtly reminding him that we were together , that i was taken . 
 a look of satisfaction settled over bo 's face when cade 's expression grew dark . 
 he knew he 'd struck a nerve , which was his intention . 
 i had the overwhelming urge to rol my eyes . 
 bo brought my hand , which he stil held firmly in his grasp , to his lips . 
 `` shal we ? '' 
 i nodded and let bo lead me back to the bedroom . 
 when we were both inside , i walked across the room while he closed the door . 
 when he turned to me , i was already shedding my clothes . 
 we 'd been through this before . 
 bo smiled and leaned back against the door , crossing his arms over his wide chest . 
 with every piece of clothing i removed , his eyes bathed my skin in a warmth that traveled al the way to my core and simmered there like hot liquid . 
 no one had ever made me feel so sexy . 
 when i stood before him in nothing more than my bra and panties , bo uncrossed his arms and walked slowly toward me , his eyes never leaving mine . 
 he stopped within inches of me and raised a hand to brush the hair away from my face . 
 his eyes scanned the contours of my brow , making their way down over my temple to my cheek . 
 the soft appreciative light in his eyes turned stone cold and he reached up to take my chin in his hands , turning my face this way and that in the low light . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i said , understandably worried . 
 bo said nothing . 
 he simply examined my face thoroughly and then looked over the entire front of my body until he found the newest writings . 
 he stopped to study the skin of my thighs and as he moved , the light behind him glimmered over the iridescent markings there . 
 i said nothing else until bo had studied the markings and checked my back for more . 
 i did n't ask what he 'd found until he came back around in front of me and stopped . 
 `` what ? 
 what does it say ? '' 
 `` we were right . 
 sebastian needs the blood of al those people , the ones on this list , in order to kil me . 
 he must draw their blood with a single point from his wings , a single feather . '' 
 `` a feather ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` and then do what ? '' 
 `` pierce my heart with it . '' 
 chapter eighteen bo 's face swam in front of my eyes for a moment as i thought back to my vision , to the strange stakes that bo and sebastian used to stab each other . 
 bo 's was white and sebastian 's was black , which was , according to savannah , just like their wings . 
 it 's real , i thought . 
 it 's all real and it 's actually going to happen . 
 i opened and closed my eyes several times to clear bo 's blurry image . 
 `` so what you 're saying is that his wings are deadly ? '' 
 `` so it would seem . '' 
 `` then yours must be , too . 
 i mean , you are an angel after al . '' 
 `` that might be the case if i could actual y see them or feel them . '' 
 bo patted his back and snatched at the air behind him like he was grabbing for an imaginary arrow from an imaginary quiver . 
 `` see ? 
 nothing . '' 
 i frowned . 
 that could n't be right . 
 `` maybe they 're just not completely developed yet . 
 that night upstairs , when sebastian showed me his wings , they were n't real y real . 
 they were more like a shadow or something . 
 maybe they ' l get more pronounced as you get closer to figuring out how to stop him . '' 
 bo shrugged . 
 `` if they 're some sort of weapon then i would hope so . 
 the one thing we know for sure is that we need to get lil y , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` wel then , let 's start there and see how the puzzle pieces fit together afterward . '' 
 again , i nodded . 
 a look of concern settled over bo 's face as he watched me . 
 i was n't even going to attempt a smile to ease his mind . 
 i knew my failure to produce a convincing one would only serve to further alert him to my turmoil . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i managed . 
 i had to work to steady my hand as i reached for my discarded clothes . 
 i could n't let bo know that something was wrong . 
 he 'd dig it out of me one way or the other and then al would be lost . 
 he would never let me go through with it . 
 he 'd die first and i could n't let that happen . 
 `` i guess we 'd better go get some kind of plan worked out with the others , right ? '' 
 `` we 've got time , '' bo assured me as i slipped my shirt over my head . 
 i avoided his eyes as i stepped into my jeans . 
 `` yeah , but there 's no sense waiting until the last minute , right ? '' 
 i had to get bo back out in front of the others so that his focus would n't be concentrated on me . 
 i 'd fold like a house of cards if he pressed me very hard . 
 bo was not only nearly impossible for me to resist , but i had a very difficult time misleading him . 
 i knew the best thing i could do was to keep his attention divided between me and something or someone else . 
 `` besides , much as i 'd like to spend the entire day in here with you al to myself , i ca n't ignore savannah , '' i said , pressing a quick kiss to his lips . 
 taking his hand , i pul ed him toward the door . 
 `` come on , my angel . '' 
 bo smiled , as did i. genuinely . 
 he was my angel in many different ways . 
 now i could say that he was literal y my angel . 
 back out with the others , bo and i fil ed them in on the rough details and we set about formulating a plan for nightfal . 
 when we were al in agreement , everyone clear on their role , we fel into easy , inconsequential conversation and wiled the day away with friendly chat and surprisingly natural laughter , al things considered . 
 one thing i was learning was that , as a vampire , time had a total y different feel and meaning . 
 it seemed that only an hour or so had passed when i looked up and saw the fiery sun making its final appearance on the horizon . 
 it bid us al goodnight with one final kiss of red and gold . 
 it burned through the wal of windows in the living room like a sky-wide fire . 
 i was watching nature 's gorgeous display when savannah 's voice broke into my musing . 
 `` i know you al do n't need to eat , but what about us humans ? '' 
 cade , who 'd come back to join us after his nap , chimed in . 
 `` i could use something , too . 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 `` i guess we should feed before we go , too , just for added strength , '' annika proposed , directing her comment to bo . 
 `` i 'm sure that would n't hurt , '' bo agreed . 
 `` since ridley 's pretty juiced up , you and i could run into that smal patch of woods to the north and see what we can scrounge up . '' 
 i gritted my teeth and kept my expression as blank as possible . 
 bo looked at me , the tiniest bit of hesitation on his face . 
 `` i 'm sure you do n't want to go . 
 wil you be alright here for half hour or so without me ? '' 
 i wanted to growl , but i did n't . 
 i wanted to cross the room and slap annika , but i did n't . 
 i wanted to taunt bo and say that if i got hungry while he was gone that cade would take care of me . 
 but i did n't . 
 instead , i plastered my brightest smile on and said the only thing i could . 
 `` i ' l be fine . 
 you go and have fun . '' 
 a frown flickered across bo 's smooth brow , but it was gone nearly as quickly as it had appeared . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 `` positive . '' 
 `` she can supervise meal preparation for the human and the visual y impaired people in the house because , i assure you , devon ca n't cook , '' savannah chirped . 
 `` provided that there is some sort of food here , of course , '' she added . 
 she raised her eyebrows in question , her blank eyes staring straight ahead . 
 `` i 'm sure there 's something . 
 sebastian did have to feed lil y after al . 
 and he kept up pretenses for a while , so ... '' `` it 's settled then . 
 you can tel a poor blind girl what 's for dinner . '' 
 i stood and grasped the hand that savannah held out expectantly . 
 bo stood as wel , walking behind us as i guided her toward the kitchen . 
 when we stopped in front of the huge pantry , bo whispered in my ear . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay with this ? '' 
 i turned back to look at him . 
 i looked at the face that haunted my world day and night . 
 i looked at the unease that was written there , plain for al to see , and i could n't bear it . 
 what began as a smile for bo 's sake quickly became sincere . 
 i felt it melt my icy disgruntlement like the sun melts fresh snow and , with it , bo 's reservations . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 just come back soon . '' 
 bo was so sensitive to me-to my moods , to my feelings , to my needs-that he knew this time i was truly earnest . 
 i should have known that he could n't be fooled by my earlier acquiescence . 
 i should have known that he would quickly surmise that it was feigned . 
 `` you know i wo n't stay away one second longer than i have to . '' 
 `` i know . 
 promise me you ' l be careful , '' i said , an image of a hel hound popping , unbidden , into my head . 
 `` i promise , '' he pledged . 
 he planted a tiny kiss on the tip of my nose and then he was gone . 
 with annika . 
 pushing that irritating thought aside , i focused on my friend and on enjoying her company while i could . 
 my gut told me that a storm was coming and the only one i could think of would likely mean the end of ... wel , me . 
 pickings were slim so cade and savannah were just finishing up some macaroni and cheese when bo and annika returned . 
 we went over the game plan one more time before we left sebastian 's house and set off across town . 
 we made our way toward my house and then beyond , toward the barn where i 'd watched trinity take her last breath and aisha lose her head . 
 literal y. devon carried savannah the whole way . 
 he said he 'd prefer to do that than risk the car . 
 i could only assume he was having bad flashbacks of the four of us being attacked in his car not so long ago . 
 when we arrived at the edge of the field in which the barn sat , we watched the area for at least fifteen minutes and did n't see a single thing . 
 `` the door 's fixed , '' bo observed after it seemed that there was no activity in the vicinity . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the door . 
 to the barn . 
 remember , it was hanging off its hinges when we were here last . '' 
 i looked again and , sure enough , the door was no longer resting , skewed , in the door frame . 
 it hung straight and secure . 
 `` wel , now we know someone 's been here . '' 
 we al watched the barn silently for several more minutes before beginning step two . 
 the next phase of bo 's plan involved bo setting off to skirt the property from one direction , annika the other , while devon , savannah and i continued to watch the barn for any signs of life , be it vampire , hel hound or some other guardian-type of creature . 
 several minutes later , they both returned with an al - clear , neither having seen any sign that the barn was being guarded or even monitored . 
 i found that particularly odd considering who was supposed to be inside the barn , and when i looked at bo and saw his frown , i realized that he felt that something was amiss , too . 
 `` maybe they have n't put her in the barn yet , '' i said quietly to bo . 
 `` i mean , it 's not like i can real y tel anything about time or date in those visions . 
 and you did n't get close enough to smel anything , did you ? '' 
 `` no , i stuck to the tree line around the field . '' 
 he turned to annika . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 `` i stuck to the tree line , too . 
 that was the plan after al , right ? 
 do n't get too close and alert anyone to our presence until we secure the perimeter ? '' 
 `` yes , it was . '' 
 `` could we have been wrong ? 
 maybe it 's not a trap . '' 
 bo 's frown deepened . 
 `` no , i stil think it 's a trap . 
 i 'm just thinking now that there 's something or someone waiting for us inside . '' 
 i could see the wheels turning as bo studied the barn . 
 `` alright , let 's go ahead with the plan and check around the barn . '' 
 bo , annika and i darted across the dark field to the barn . 
 annika went around one side of the building , bo and i the other , and we met on the back side . 
 annika shook her head , indicating that she saw nothing amiss . 
 bo did the same . 
 she went back around the way she 'd come , as did we , and we met back where devon and savannah were waiting , near a smal stand of white pines that hovered at the field 's border . 
 we col ected them in order to complete the next scouting portion of the plan . 
 al five of us quietly circled the barn , hoping that if there was someone around that we could n't see , that savannah might . 
 when we 'd made our way around the entire barn and savannah saw nothing , annika circled to the front of the building as we rounded the barn to a smal door in the back , effectively covering both entrances . 
 stopping in front of the aged panel , i brought savannah around in front of me and guided her face to a crack in the door so that she could scan a portion of the interior of the barn with her blind gaze . 
 when she shook her head indicating she saw nothing , i urged her aside and stuck my nose up to the crack , inhaling as deeply and quietly as i could . 
 i let the myriad smel s of the barn wash through my sensitive nasal passages and i picked the scents apart one by one . 
 the barn smel ed of musty wood , moldy hay , dirt and oil . 
 the odors were so strong that i nearly missed the hints of baby powder , shampoo and strawberry jam in the air . 
 but when i final y recognized them , my heart sped up . 
 lil y was inside after al . 
 turning my ear to the crack , i listened as closely as i could manage . 
 i heard no scuffling sounds , the sounds a child would make playing in the dirt . 
 i heard no trace of her delicate sing-song voice . 
 i heard no shal ow breaths or rapid heartbeats . 
 i heard nothing but an eerie , worrisome silence . 
 two things occurred to me in that moment . 
 one i refused to consider . 
 i absolutely would not-could not-even entertain the notion that sebastian had kil ed lil y , that she was lying inside , cold and dead . 
 the second thought should have been a concern long before this , but i 'd never imagined much past getting rid of sebastian in order to pretty much save the world . 
 i 'd not considered life afterward , primarily because i would likely not be a part of it . 
 but what about lil y ? 
 what would become of her after al this was over ? 
 i would likely be dead , the man she thought was her father would be dead and she 'd be al alone , some sort of hybrid creature in a world that did n't understand her and probably did n't want to . 
 i leaned back and looked at bo , trying my best to keep the panic out of my eyes . 
 `` bo , '' i whispered , barely loud enough for him to hear . 
 `` wil you promise me something ? '' 
 he looked immediately concerned . 
 i could hide nothing from him . 
 `` anything . '' 
 `` if something should happen to me , promise me you ' l take care of lil y. '' bo stepped forward and grabbed my face in both hands , looking deep into my eyes . 
 `` nothing 's going to happen to you . 
 do you hear me ? '' 
 i nodded , trying to smile reassuringly , but i was pretty sure that i failed miserably . 
 `` promise me anyway . '' 
 `` ridley - '' `` please , bo . 
 promise me that you ' l take care of her . '' 
 `` i promise . 
 we ' l take care of her together . '' 
 satisfied that he at least knew my wishes , i turned back to the barn door , took a deep , steadying breath and lifted the old wooden slat that held the panel closed . 
 the barn door creaked as i opened it and we al stopped to listen for sound and movement . 
 we heard nothing , however , so bo , savannah and i filed quickly through the door , devon staying behind to guard the entrance so that no one could sneak up and trap us inside . 
 savannah and i hugged the wal to the left , bo hugged the wal to the right and we al made our way around toward the center of the barn where lil y should 've been playing . 
 only she was n't . 
 when savannah and i moved behind a huge and presumably defunct hay baler and appeared on the other side , i got my first glimpse of lil y . 
 she was wearing the same clothes i 'd seen her in , soiled in exactly the same way , but she was n't playing in the floor like i expected . 
 she was n't even sitting up . 
 she was lying on her back , perfectly stil . 
 her tiny hands were crossed over her motionless chest , her eyes were closed and , as far as i could tel , al signs of life were absent . 
 i gasped , resisting the urge to go to her . 
 instead , i looked to savannah . 
 she was moving her head back and forth in a scanning motion , trying desperately to get a glimpse of anything but her customary blackness . 
 i assumed that her silence meant she saw nothing . 
 when bo appeared on the other side of the barn , directly across from where we stood looking at lil y , he shrugged . 
 i shrugged in return and shook my head . 
 it appeared that the coast was clear . 
 `` savannah , '' i whispered , `` nothing ? '' 
 `` no , '' she answered softly . 
 immediately i rushed to lil y 's side . 
 i fel to my knees and raised my hand to her cheek . 
 it was cool and soft . 
 i pressed my fingertips to her throat , praying for a pulse . 
 much to my dismay , i felt nothing . 
 `` no , no , no , '' i breathed as i leaned over and put my ear to her chest . 
 i saw bo approach and come around to the other side of lil y 's motionless body . 
 at first i heard nothing but the heavy silence around me . 
 it rang through the barn like a death knel that could n't be heard with the ears , but rather with the heart . 
 `` omigod , lil y no ! '' 
 i cried quietly , icy fingers squeezing my chest in a vise grip as my hands raced over her smal body in search of anything that might signal life . 
 it was then that i heard the low , sluggish thump of a single heartbeat . 
 encouraged , i put my ear to her chest again and heard the swish of blood as it poured through her veins in one long pulse . 
 `` she 's alive , '' bo declared . 
 `` but just barely . 
 i do n't know what he 's done to her , but at least she 's stil alive . '' 
 `` we need to get her to the hospital then . '' 
 `` no , they ca n't help her . 
 he 's done something to her that only he can undo . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 `` feel what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 her soul maybe . 
 something . 
 i can feel it hovering around her like it 's separated , but not gone . 
 it 's like something is keeping it from her body . '' 
 in light of al the strange and inexplicable things i 'd seen , i did n't need to ask bo how he knew this . 
 i just wanted to know if he was certain . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 bo looked up and met my eyes . 
 `` i 'm positive , '' he replied confidently . 
 `` come on , let 's get her out of here . '' 
 tenderly , bo slipped his hands beneath lil y 's neck and knees and lifted , scooping her off the ground to cradle her in his arms . 
 a pang of regret lanced through me at the sight of them . 
 i knew to the depths of my soul that bo would have made a wonderful father and i already mourned the fact that i 'd never get to see him holding our child in just that way . 
 i 'd never see him carrying our sleeping daughter to bed or wrestling and roughhousing with our son . 
 we had no future like that . 
 i had no future at al , but i was hoping that he and lil y did . 
 bo was turning to carry lil y to the back door when savannah 's shril scream brought the hair at my nape to attention . 
 `` ridley ! '' 
 she screamed , pointing up toward the rafters . 
 the next several things happened in a flurry of activity that was so quick , so perfectly-orchestrated , we were al caught off guard and stunned into immobility . 
 the instant savannah screamed , we al turned to her , curious to what she was referring . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw devon come rushing in the back door . 
 then al our eyes fol owed savannah 's finger to where she pointed . 
 it was sebastian . 
 he hovered in the air above our heads , like the dark and vengeful fal en angel that he was . 
 chapter nineteen with one sharp flick of sebastian 's hand , the back door slammed shut behind devon . 
 that was immediately fol owed by another scream-also a woman 's scream-that could be heard from outside the barn . 
 it was blood-curdling and quite easily the most frightening sound i 'd ever heard . 
 it grew louder and louder , seeming to come from the sky , and then annika 's body broke through the dilapidated rafters and fel to the ground , landing with a bone-crunching thud right in front of where we stood . 
 a shower of wooden splinters rained down on the barn floor , the residue of which covered annika 's inert body making her look dusty . 
 another crash drew our attention upward again , just in time to see heather burst through the ceiling and land on a huge crossbeam . 
 she crouched there like a flame-haired gargoyle . 
 her eyes were wide and wild , her mouth partial y open in a toothy , hungry grin . 
 although she looked similar to the heather i was familiar with , there was something darker about her . 
 it was as though an inner madness was seeping through her skin and staining it . 
 she was terrifying . 
 `` subdue them , brother , '' sebastian said , speaking to heather . 
 without hesitation , heather turned her black , empty gaze to annika and she raised one bony hand toward her . 
 although annika was plainly unconscious , her body snapped quickly into a standing position as if she were a puppet on strings . 
 she was rigid , from her pointed toes which barely grazed the dirt floor to her tightly-clamped arms . 
 but it was her head that gave her obliviousness away . 
 it lol ed lifelessly atop her neck , dropping back as if she was watching the sky . 
 in rapid succession , heather turned her attention to each of us , trapping us al in invisible restraints and moving us into an inescapable semi-circle , at the center of which was bo . 
 she turned her malignant attention to him last , ripping lil y from his arms and bringing her to stand to my left . 
 bo squared off against sebastian as he glided graceful y to the ground , as if floating down on an invisible elevator . 
 sebastian did n't approach him . 
 he simply planted his feet in the dirt several yards away and watched bo , a smugly wicked smile pul ing at his lips . 
 as i watched them , a single thought penetrated the panic that i was feeling . 
 bo had yet to learn al that he needed from the letter . 
 my skin was not yet covered . 
 i felt sure there was very valuable and probably life-saving information that he had yet to learn . 
 i could 've screamed . 
 if only i 'd fed from cade more often ! 
 just a few more times might have made al the difference in the world . 
 but now it was too late . 
 `` let them go , '' bo spat through gritted teeth . 
 `` this is between you and me . 
 they do n't have any part in this . '' 
 `` my son , you have no idea how wrong you are . 
 these , '' sebastian said , sweeping his arm around the semicircle , `` are the ingredients that i need to put an end to this once and for al . '' 
 when bo said nothing , sebastian clucked his tongue . 
 `` do n't be a spoil sport . 
 did you real y think that god could use you and this puny excuse for a mate to kil me ? '' 
 i could see the muscle twitch in bo 's jaw and i knew he was fuming . 
 `` if you 're so powerful then why do you need humans to get rid of me ? 
 why ca n't you do it yourself , without them ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , god was able to create some ... problems for me , but nothing that me , my wife and my brother here , '' sebastian said , tipping his head toward heather , `` could n't figure a way around . '' 
 `` your brother ? '' 
 bo asked , verbalizing the question i knew we were al thinking . 
 `` yes , sweet heather here was kind enough to host heaven 's most beautiful fal en angel . 
 he 's given her just the right amount of power and hatred for tonight 's performance . '' 
 `` lucifer , '' i whispered when understanding final y dawned . 
 heather 's head snapped toward me , startling me . 
 she looked at me and laughed , a sound that screeched like a thousand souls crying out al at once . 
 it made my skin crawl as it ricocheted off the barn wal s. `` we found her when i was looking for the next place to stash my wayward son . 
 we first thought she would be a good temporary mother for you , boaz , but she failed to mention that she had a family of her own , '' sebastian said , sliding his sinister gaze to savannah where she was held to my right . 
 `` her pliable soul was n't a total waste , however . 
 her ` death ' , '' sebastian said , raising his hands to show air quotes , `` provided me with the very first of my necessary elements , the bereaved child , grief-stricken and betrayed . '' 
 to my right , i heard savannah 's gasp fol owed by a strangled sob as she learned the true fate of her mother . 
 it was as if sebastian had n't felt like her suffering was enough for his purposes . 
 no , he felt the need to twist the knife just a bit more . 
 `` she turned out to be more useful than i could have imagined . 
 during my time away , she functioned as my eyes on you . 
 the fateful night of the wreck , the wreck that forever turned the tables in my favor , she saw your reaction to young ridley here . 
 heather ended up not only leading me to your mate , but she then helped me to turn her as wel , giving me the gift of my second element . '' 
 when he did n't continue , bo asked . 
 `` and which one was that ? '' 
 `` the doomed key of course , '' he said as if bo should 've known that . 
 `` she also introduced me to a fetal lil y , the sweet child that would be the third element . 
 it was n't long after that when al the other pieces began to fal into place . 
 i knew i 'd final y found the place of reckoning , the ideal situation that my lovely iofiel wrote about . 
 i knew it was in this town that i 'd find the only way to thwart our heavenly father in his efforts . '' 
 `` are you real y so arrogant that you think you can outwit god ? '' 
 bo sneered boldly . 
 rather than getting angry , however , sebastian laughed tolerantly . 
 `` dear boy , look around you . 
 i already have . '' 
 sebastian left his post and walked slowly toward the semi-circle , to the person almost directly opposite bo - annika . 
 `` the one not chosen , turned bitter with envy , '' he said , pointing to her . 
 `` she was so in love with you , so taken with your angel 's face , that it was like child 's play getting her to fol ow me to you . 
 the truly sad thing is , she thought she found you on her own . 
 she had no idea that i knew who she was . '' 
 sebastian laughed , a mirthless sound that made me feel cold al over . 
 `` she could n't have been more wrong . 
 i knew she would work just fine once heather saw your reaction to dear ridley . 
 annika would never be the one for you . '' 
 sebastian moved on to devon . 
 `` the reluctant vampire , fol owed by death and yet refusing to succumb . 
 i think that speaks for itself . 
 the bereaved child , grief-stricken and betrayed , '' he said as he moved on to stop in front of savannah . 
 he moved no further , only pointed to me and then to lil y. `` the doomed key and the corrupted child , born into evil . '' 
 as sebastian talked , heather moved slowly to bo 's left and stopped , staring at sebastian with her strangely empty eyes . 
 it was evident just in looking at her that she was now completely under the control of something else , some one else . 
 bo tipped his head toward her . 
 `` and i suppose she ... or he ... wil give his blood wil ingly ? 
 the first fal en one ? '' 
 sebastian smiled . 
 `` now you 're catching on . '' 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 `` and then i shal kil you and there wil not be a force on this earth that can harm me . 
 after al , is n't invincibility , true immortality what we al real y want ? '' 
 `` no , '' he answered honestly . 
 `` i 'd give anything not to be like this , to just be normal and live a normal life . '' 
 `` wel then , welcome to your lucky day . 
 you see , my son , normal people die and i am here to grant you your final wish . 
 if normal is what you want , then it 's normal you shal have . '' 
 with one sharp shake of his wide shoulders , enormous raven wings sprouted from sebastian 's back , ripping his silky shirt into shreds that feel from his body . 
 the appendages first stretched high above his head , as if reveling in their freedom , and then they folded to lie delicately against the smooth skin of his back . 
 i knew without looking that every eye was trained on the shiny feathers , for these were much more than mere shadows . 
 these wings were very real , very tangible , and very intimidating . 
 i glanced at bo when i heard his deep inhalation . 
 his chest swel ed as if in reflection of his mental ral ying . 
 i knew that he was preparing himself for the unknown , for the terrifying , for a truly immortal combat . 
 quickly , his eyes darted to me and away again , only to return as if he 'd seen something shocking . 
 his eyes narrowed as he scanned my face . 
 i felt a tingly sensation , as if silky fingers were stroking my skin . 
 the fingers moved as bo 's eyes moved , as though they were touching every inch of skin that bo gazed upon . 
 i wondered if he was seeing the last of iofiel 's letter . 
 `` i 'm sorry , boaz , '' sebastian said , drawing our attention back to him , `` but today one of us has to die . 
 and it wo n't be me . '' 
 sebastian extended his left arm . 
 the wing on that side arose from his back and spread forward , as if tied to the motion of his arm . 
 with one lightning fast , sweeping motion , sebastian guided his wing around the semi-circle of bodies . 
 none of us could move , as we were al held captive by heather 's wil . 
 i felt the sting of something sharp cutting into the flesh of my throat as the feathery extension passed by . 
 i did n't need to look to know that we 'd al suffered the same fate . 
 sebastian had just drawn our blood . 
 when his wing came to rest at his side , it was dripping with fresh blood . 
 heather stepped toward sebastian , stopping about five feet away . 
 she raised her arms straight out at her sides and let her head fal back , a blatant mockery of hanging on the cross . 
 without hesitation , sebastian swung the razor edge of his deadly wing across her throat as wel . 
 she did n't so much as flinch . 
 after the wing returned to its folded position at sebastian 's back , he reached behind him and pul ed out the short , bloodied feather with one quick yank . 
 he studied it for a fraction of a second before he slid his tongue along the length of it , smacking his lips as he savored the flavor . 
 final y , he turned the feather sword in his hand to wield it like a stake . 
 when sebastian turned to ful y face bo , my heart jumped up into my throat . 
 i recognized this moment . 
 i knew it like an unshakable nightmare . 
 this was the moment , the moment , that i 'd seen in my vision . 
 an indescribable fear , mingled with an overwhelming helplessness , rose up to choke me . 
 the scene was only seconds away from taking place exactly as i 'd seen it , only there was one problem . 
 i was n't free to put myself between bo and sebastian . 
 and if i could n't stand between them then the wrong man would die . 
 i began to fight against my invisible restraints as my eyes darted between the two men . 
 but it was no use ; i could barely move inside heather 's powerful hold . 
 as my mind raced for a solution , i struggled desperately to hold at bay the panic that threatened to suffocate me . 
 but then something amazing happened , something that would forever change the outcome of this ultimate battle between good and evil . 
 it was so divine , it could only have come from one source . 
 the god that sebastian had boasted that he 'd already defeated was pul ing the ace out of his sleeve . 
 raising his chin defiantly , bo flexed his shoulders . 
 from the center of his back arose two enormous white wings . 
 like sebastian , their emergence destroyed his shirt , leaving the tattered remains to fal silently from his shoulders . 
 i could n't quiet the soft gasp at the sight of him . 
 it was as if the angel that he 'd carried inside him al his life had burst forth from him to chal enge and to save the world around him . 
 he was magnificent . 
 bo 's skin turned a golden brown , the sheen of it glistening in the dim moonlight that poured through the hole in the roof . 
 it was as though a river of life had suddenly overtaken the dam that held it at bay . 
 it flowed through him , flowed from him . 
 it rushed over me like a warm breeze , teasing the hair at my temples . 
 bo shook his shoulders and his wings trembled in response , as if they felt the power surging through him . 
 light glistened on the iridescent feathers making them appear as mother of pearl . 
 a confidence , a deadly assurance radiated from bo . 
 it shone from his eyes . 
 even though they were not turned toward me , i could see it . 
 i could see it in the way the darkness itself seemed to recede from his gaze . 
 i smel ed it in the unmistakable scent of triumph in the air . 
 twisting his body , bo reached around and did as sebastian had done . 
 he removed a single feather with one quick yank . 
 as he held it in front of his body , the moonlight glinted off the blade-like edge . 
 without taking his eyes off sebastian , bo waved his hand around the semi-circle and the invisible bonds heather had restrained us with fel away , leaving us al to fal in weak-kneed heaps on the dirt floor . 
 as i watched bo and sebastian circle each other like two primal warriors , i fought to get electrical stimulus to the paralyzed muscles of my legs , stimulus that would al ow me to move . 
 but somehow the connection was broken . 
 it was as if the link between my mind and my lower half had been severed . 
 and then the battle began . 
 in a lunge that happened so quickly even my acute vampire vision could barely track it , sebastian struck out at bo . 
 bo darted left to avoid it , slicing the back of sebastian 's neck as he passed . 
 bo pushed heather aside . 
 she stumbled , but rather than coming back at him , she continued to back away as if to say this is not my fight . 
 i 'm only all in when i know i can win . 
 i thought such an attitude was typical of the prince of darkness . 
 with a single flap of his wings , sebastian leapt into the air and then fel on bo , swinging his weapon in a downward stabbing motion . 
 bo dodged the worst of the hit , but the deadly feather stil grazed the skin of his chest , leaving a bloody streak in its wake . 
 bo recovered quickly , sidestepping sebastian and throwing himself into the air to twirl over sebastian 's head like a graceful bird . 
 sebastian , in an attempt to anticipate bo 's landing , spun on his heel and struck out with his feather in a single quick jab . 
 sebastian overshot his real target , but his deadly weapon made contact with another . 
 i heard annika 's gasp of surprise as the feather tore through her chest and entered her heart like a knife slicing through butter . 
 both bo and sebastian paused for a few seconds , each of them watching annika as she slumped slowly over onto her face . 
 the last gurgling sounds of her body were muffled by the dirt , but they reverberated through the silence of the room . 
 `` another victim whose death can be laid at your feet , '' sebastian taunted . 
 using bo 's shock to his advantage , sebastian turned and swept his feather through the air like a fencing champion , backing bo away , step by step . 
 final y , when bo ran into a wooden support beam for the barn , he raised his own feather and brought it down across sebastian 's and then he danced quickly away . 
 sebastian simply turned toward bo as he moved away , fol owing him with his eyes until he stopped . 
 with a sinking feeling , i recognized the position that the two men were in . 
 bo was on one side of the semi-circle , sebastian on the other and they faced one another across the expanse of earth that lay between them . 
 sebastian took one step toward bo and stopped . 
 bo matched him by doing the same . 
 i knew that the two were literal y steps away from one of their deaths . 
 closing my eyes , i said a quick prayer and i focused with al my might . 
 i visualized my legs moving , coming under me , pushing me to my feet and propel ing me across the short space . 
 i visualized putting my body between the two fighting angels . 
 i felt no movement , so it was with a heavy heart that i opened my eyes . 
 what i saw was that the world seemed to have decelerated into slow motion . 
 i saw bo 's handsome face draw into a mask of determined fury as his mouth opened in a battle cry . 
 i watched the muscles in his shoulders bunch as he hefted the feather in preparation for his final strike against sebastian . 
 it was when i saw him lift one foot to move forward that i felt the burn of my legs coming back online . 
 and just like that , i was on my feet and hurling myself toward the two as they prepared to col ide . 
 they were so focused on one another that neither man turned my way . 
 neither seemed to notice me coming until it was too late . 
 just as they both struck out with their sharp feathers , i turned my body sideways and slipped quickly between them . 
 i was facing bo as the sword-like feathers entered my chest . 
 just as it had happened in my vision , there was no sound and there was no pain . 
 there was simply a heavy pressure as the feathers penetrated my flesh . 
 al other sensation was eclipsed by the relief that i felt . 
 bo would live . 
 of course , it was important that sebastian die . 
 about that , there was no question . 
 but to me , knowing that bo would live made it al worthwhile . 
 i could n't fathom a world where he did n't exist and , this way , i did n't have to . 
 the rest played out like deja vu . 
 bo backed away from me , a look of complete shock on his face . 
 when i looked down , i knew what i 'd see-a bloody spot on his chest where the stake had barely pierced him as it made its way through my body . 
 although i knew i could not yet move , i stil strained to move toward bo . 
 i strained to fal into him , but i made no progress until hands at my shoulders pushed me from behind . 
 and then i was final y in the place i longed to be more than anywhere else on the planet-in bo 's arms . 
 like i knew he would , bo caught me and cradled me against his chest before lowering me gently to the ground . 
 i watched his eyes for the emotions i knew i 'd find-fear , desperation , devotion and , most of al , love . 
 movement to my left caught my eye and i glanced over in time to see the bloody hole in sebastian 's chest . 
 bo had been strong enough to force his feather through me and into sebastian , piercing his heart with the deadly point . 
 i could n't help but smile at the comical look of absolute shock on sebastian 's face . 
 he 'd honestly thought he could beat god . 
 he could n't have been more wrong . 
 `` it ca n't be . 
 the blood of perfect love , '' he whispered as he stumbled back . 
 bo and i watched together , along with every other eye in the room , as sebastian 's golden skin turned black with decay . 
 it seemed he was already tasting the fires of hel . 
 he dried up and wrinkled , his body slowly turning in on itself , just before he began to disintegrate . 
 large , pieces of ash fel away from the form that was sebastian , drifting weightlessly this way and that until they melted into the air like ink stains dissipating in water . 
 i watched the spot where he 'd stood , watched him disappear , until he had completely dissolved into the air around him . 
 within minutes , there was nothing left but a hazy cloud of dark smoke that a slight breeze rushed in and carried away . 
 as the rush of defeating sebastian wore off , i began to feel myself fading . 
 i could feel the life draining from me so i looked back to bo . 
 i wanted his face to be the last thing i saw , not an empty space where evil had once resided . 
 it tore at my guts to see the panic and heartbreak in his eyes . 
 though i heard no sound , i could see his mouth moving as it formed one word over and over again . 
 no . 
 i let my tired eyes drift over the handsome planes of bo 's face until i felt the image was burned into my brain . 
 satisfied that i would leave this world with his picture seared onto my heart like a brand , i let my lids drop , unable to fight the hand of death for a moment longer . 
 little by little , everything faded from my consciousness - thought , feeling , fear . 
 even bo . 
 chapter twenty i opened my eyes to a blinding brightness . 
 it was as if i 'd blinked and found myself in a solid white room that al owed only sound to enter its hazy wal s. immediately , i was overcome with an incredible sense of euphoria and wel being . 
 i had the vague feeling that i was missing something , or someone , but i could n't manage to real y care . 
 i relaxed into the space and , with half an ear , i listened . 
 i heard devon talking to savannah , encouraging her to drink . 
 i assumed that he was trying to save her life and , in my mind , i smiled at the depth of their love . 
 from another side , i could hear heather screaming . 
 she was begging someone not to take her daughter , bargaining with her own life in return . 
 i could hear al of this with crystal clarity , but i saw absolutely nothing until lil y appeared in the room with me . 
 she was smiling and happy and whole . 
 she walked closer to me and i felt her nearness like the warmth of the sun . 
 when she spoke , al i could hear was her voice . 
 everything else was suddenly muted . 
 `` do n't worry about me , ridley . 
 he has explained everything to me . 
 he even gave me a choice . 
 if i want to stay with you , he ' l let me . '' 
 lil y 's face crumpled into a sad expression . 
 `` but ridley , i do n't want to stay . 
 i saw my mother . 
 my real mother . 
 she 's here with him . 
 i do n't want to go back there . 
 i want to be with her . '' 
 my heart could feel no disappointment , no worry , no pain or sorrow . 
 it felt only acceptance . 
 and happiness . 
 `` you do n't have to worry about me anymore , ridley . 
 i ' l be fine . 
 i promise . '' 
 she turned a dazzling smile on me and i could n't help thinking how mature she was for such a young age . 
 lil y turned away , skipping off to the other side of the white room . 
 i saw her reach out with her tiny hand and grasp a larger one . 
 the hand was disembodied , as if someone from another room was reaching in to col ect lil y. just before both the hand and lil y disappeared , however , i saw a face appear . 
 it was barely more than a brief glimpse , like a camera flash of the familiar . 
 but that was al it took . 
 i knew it instantly and my heart leapt . 
 it was my sister . 
 she smiled-a bril iant smile , just like the one with which she 'd gifted her daughter-and then both she and lil y were gone . 
 just like that , i was alone in the room again . 
 there was complete silence for a few seconds before a familiar voice penetrated the sterility of the space . 
 it cried please , god ! 
 please ! 
 over and over and over . 
 the pain in the voice was so raw , so fresh , it tore at my heart . 
 and then i saw bo . 
 he was clad in a short leather skirt cut into strips that reminded me of something a roman soldier of old might wear . 
 his calves were covered in a sheath of protective leather as wel . 
 other than that , he was nude but for his glorious , silver-white wings . 
 he was standing with his legs spread , the bloodied feather stil clutched in his hand , looking straight up at the nothingness above . 
 he did n't seem to even recognize that i was in the room with him . 
 but i could both see him and feel him . 
 his agony touched me like a physical force , reaching me easily from the other side of the white expanse . 
 to me , it felt like a gaping hole in his soul . 
 although it was n't visible to the naked eye , i could perceive it as clearly as if it were . 
 `` please do n't take her from me . 
 i 've done everything you asked . 
 everything ! 
 please do n't take her . '' 
 there was silence as he watched the empty , white sky . 
 he seemed to be listening to someone , someone i could neither see nor hear . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he cried angrily , his voice cracking with emotion . 
 bo fel to his knees , his feathery sword fal ing out of sight . 
 it was as though it dropped through a trap door and disappeared into oblivion . 
 `` please , '' he said again , this time his tone suggesting that he was ready to try being reasonable since nothing else had worked . 
 `` please do n't . 
 you know how i feel about her . 
 you know i ca n't live here without her . 
 god , please ! 
 please do n't take her from me . '' 
 bo 's head slumped forward as his voice dropped to a desperate whisper . 
 `` please . 
 she 's like the air to me . '' 
 he stayed that way for several long , tense seconds before his head snapped up . 
 after a short pause , bo exhaled as if in great relief and i saw his eyes close . 
 `` yes , anything . 
 i ' l do anything . '' 
 he listened for another minute , nodding occasional y . 
 he did n't speak again until he said , `` what ? '' 
 and his head jerked around toward me . 
 bo 's eyes met mine from across the colorless space and i felt them like sweet rain on my dry soul . 
 i 'd honestly believed that i had looked into them for the last time . 
 but now , seeing them once more , made me feel like i could fly . 
 looking away , bo bowed his head and murmured , with a wealth of emotion , `` thank you . 
 thank you . '' 
 when he rose to his feet , he crossed the space between us . 
 stopping in front of me , bo bent to scoop me up into his arms . 
 i felt the skin of my cheek col ide with his chest . 
 i knew then , as i 'd known for some time , that al i ever needed in life was safely stored in that chest , beneath the skin and bone of an angel . 
 little by little , the white faded to black and i felt the shock of landing back in a body that was alive with feeling . 
 i was lying on my back and my heart was being torn apart by an intolerable pain . 
 it was more than enough to take my breath away , a gasp sticking in my chest like bo 's feather sword had . 
 i fought to open my eyes , but i could n't lift my lids . 
 it was as if they were sealed together with a paralyzing glue , as were my lips . 
 inside a body that i could n't control , i was trapped in an airless torment that left me blind , deaf , mute and immobile . 
 but before panic could swal ow me up , an enormous opaque hand descended from the blackness above me . 
 it reached inside my chest , ripping out the pain and the heartache that crouched there , and then vanished without a trace . 
 although i was confused , i relaxed back into a blissful numbness that held me like a cloud . 
 i dipped and swayed as if i were perched atop gently rol ing waves . 
 ambient sounds began to penetrate the haze . 
 one voice in particular was like a ray of sunshine breaking through fog and setting my heart , my soul , and my world on fire . 
 `` ridley , '' it said , the voice so close to my ear that chil s ran down my neck and shoulder . 
 `` ridley , can you hear me ? '' 
 i opened my mouth to speak , but my throat was so dry , so painful y dry , that i could n't move the words past the tongue that was stuck to the roof of my mouth . 
 `` ridley , please wake up , '' it said again . 
 i felt something warm against my forehead . 
 it was hard , like maybe another forehead . 
 `` please , baby . 
 please wake up . '' 
 i tried to shout i 'm here , bo ! 
 but the sound did n't make it out of the confines of my head . 
 hands gently gathered me closer to that bare chest . 
 i inhaled and my nose was pleasantly flooded with the smel that calmed my entire existence . 
 `` how could you do that to me ? 
 how did you think i could live without you ? '' 
 he whispered , his voice a rumbling in his chest that tickled my ear and reverberated through my jaw . 
 i felt his lips brush my hair and i wanted desperately to turn my face up and capture them with my own . 
 putting every ounce of focus i had toward prompting my muscles to obey , i strained until i felt bo 's smooth skin shift against my cheek . 
 his heart literal y skipped a beat when i moved . 
 i heard it in his chest , like a stutter . 
 he pul ed away from me and i could almost feel his gaze sweeping over my face , burning through my skin to reach my soul . 
 lifting with al my might , i pried my lids open and was immediately rewarded with the most gloriously handsome face i 'd ever seen . 
 i looked it over , appreciating the sharp angles and firm planes , the mouth that tortured me in such a sweet way , the eyes that i could never escape and never wanted to . 
 struggling , i lifted my free hand and touched it to his warm cheek . 
 he turned his face into it , closing his eyes as he pressed his lips to my palm . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispered . 
 the words sang through my soul like the sweetest song , the chords dancing across my heart like the delicate feet of a bal erina . 
 i cleared my throat and managed to croak , `` i love you , too . '' 
 the smile that curved bo 's mouth was nothing short of stunning . 
 it lit his whole face as if the windows of heaven had opened up and bathed him in loving , angelic perfection . 
 bo swept his lips across mine and then crushed me to his chest . 
 despite al the stress and activity of the last several hours , i could feel the warmth of his skin beneath my cheek . 
 it should 've been cooling , like mine undoubtedly was . 
 that could only mean one thing . 
 `` mortal ? '' 
 i asked dryly . 
 `` we ' l talk later . 
 we need to get out of here . '' 
 `` wait ! 
 what did you see ? '' 
 bo looked quizzical y at me . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` what did you see on my skin ? 
 is n't that why you looked at me like that ? '' 
 bo pursed his lips . 
 `` do we have to talk about this now ? 
 it just sort of explained how to find my wings and what to do with them . 
 it did n't mention your part , though . '' 
 bo closed his eyes and when he continued , his voice was thick with emotion . 
 `` if i had known - '' `` i know , '' i interrupted . 
 `` that 's why i could n't tel you . '' 
 `` ridley , how could you - '' `` shh , '' i interrupted again , straining to reach up and press my index finger to his lips . 
 `` it 's over . '' 
 bo kissed my fingertip and made his way to his feet with me cradled against him . 
 i reached up to wind my arms around his neck and found that my muscles were already responding to my commands more quickly . 
 i turned my head to survey the room and when i saw the devastation that littered the floor of the barn , i felt guilty for being in bo 's arms . 
 there was much to do . 
 the only conscionable thing to do was to put my thirst for bo on hold . 
 we needed feet on the ground . 
 savannah was on her knees , crouched over her dead mother 's body , weeping quietly . 
 a slight shimmer in the moonlight delineated devon at her back , a silent rock for savannah in her time of need . 
 annika 's dead and bloodied body was face-down in the dirt , exactly where she 'd fal en not so long ago . 
 lil y lay sprawled on the ground , her limbs perfectly arranged and her hair spread out around her head like the halo . 
 i thought that was particularly apropos . 
 looking at her , a pang of loss-the loss of someone i 'd never real y known , the loss of someone i 'd now never get to know-pinched at my heart , but i sternly reminded myself that she was happy and safe and that was al that mattered . 
 there was no reason to mourn her . 
 she was far better off than any of us . 
 `` let me down . 
 i can help , '' i said , swinging my head back around to bo . 
 he opened his mouth to argue , but i preempted him . 
 `` no arguments . 
 we need to bury them . 
 quickly . '' 
 reluctantly and with a frustrated sigh , bo let my legs slide down his body until my feet touched the floor . 
 pressing a quick kiss to the cleft in his strong chin , i turned my attention back to the victims . 
 some were living , some were not . 
 savannah looked up at my words and she tried to give me a watery smile . 
 `` she gave her life to save me , '' she claimed , her voice breaking on the last . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , savannah ! '' 
 making my way to her , i bent to hug her . 
 even as my arms went around her , devon did n't let her go . 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 savannah was hurting now , but she was stil one of the luckiest girls in the world . 
 to know a love like what she and devon shared was priceless . 
 and i could say that with absolute certainty . 
 after al , i knew al about being lucky in love . 
 even when the time came that i had to bury a very mortal bo , i knew i would walk the earth alone for al eternity loving him as if he stil walked beside me . 
 savannah ral ied and , between the four of us , we managed to gather the fal en and make our way into the woods , to a place that bo had obviously been using to bury those deserving of a resting place of peace and respect . 
 he had disguised the graves so perfectly that i doubted a human eye could detect the slight variation in the lay of the land . 
 but i could . 
 as i counted the graves , four in total , i ticked off people i thought to be buried there-trinity , drew , aisha and summer . 
 bo kept a short-handled shovel hidden in the trees , so we silently , tearful y , took turns digging until there were three deep holes in the earth , one of them considerably shorter in length than the others . 
 bo and i , plus savannah with the help of devon , laid the bodies to rest , each of us burying someone that was uniquely important to us . 
 when the bodies were covered and the ground over the plots replaced and disguised , bo said a few words over them . 
 they were some of the most poignant i 'd ever heard , speaking to his truly angelic nature . 
 i knew as long as i lived i 'd probably never attend a more beautiful ceremony , simple as it was . 
 as we stood in front of the nearly invisible graves , i felt the icy hot fingers of thirst clawing at my throat and eating away at my tissues . 
 i did n't have to look to know that i was fading . 
 a little niggle of fear and insecurity gnawed at the back of my mind and i glanced over at savannah . 
 from where i stood , i could smel the tantalizingly sweet scent of her blood . 
 i could plainly pick out her heartbeat from among the others . 
 the delicate vibrations of it tingled across my lips . 
 although those things did make me more aware of my thirst , i felt clear-headed and in control . 
 mental y , i shook my head . 
 control . 
 i final y had control . 
 i just never imagined that it would be so hard-won . 
 the four of us had seen quite a bit of barbarity and bloodshed in recent months . 
 our lives , while forever changed by what we 'd seen , were also forever linked . 
 i could feel it in the air between us like a kinship that was so strong it was nearly tangible . 
 i would sooner take my own life than harm them in any way . 
 `` i know it 's terrible timing , but you need to feed , '' bo said hesitantly . 
 i was n't going to mention cade . 
 he was a sensitive subject that i did n't feel like bo or i either one needed at that moment . 
 `` why do n't you go check on lucius and see if he can spare a bag until we can regroup . 
 i ' l head back to the house with savannah and devon . '' 
 bo grinned . 
 `` you 're so awesome . 
 have i ever told you that ? '' 
 i smiled in return . 
 `` not that i recal , but feel free to repeat yourself as often as you like . '' 
 with a quick kiss , he was gone , leaving devon , savannah and me to make our way back to sebastian 's . 
 about halfway there , devon scooped savannah up and carried her the rest of the way . 
 it was bizarre to behold . 
 it appeared that savannah was floating in midair , her arms wrapped around nothing , her head leaning against nothing . 
 `` shut up , '' she teased when she caught me studying them . 
 `` i did n't say a word . '' 
 `` no , but you were thinking it . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 there was no arguing that . 
 `` so , '' i said , stil uncertain whether i should broach the subject of the future or not . 
 `` what are you two going to do ? 
 i mean , devon , are you going to stay invisible forever ? '' 
 i could almost hear his shrug . 
 `` if we 're ever going to have a life together , i ca n't . 
 i justi 'm afraid that - '' he trailed off because there was no reason to explain . 
 i knew exactly what he was going through , what his fears entailed , what his doubts were . 
 but i also knew what the prize was-savannah . 
 and that was worth any sacrifice , any compromise . 
 `` bo and i can help you . 
 wel , mainly bo . 
 he 's real y - '' i stopped myself . 
 if bo was mortal , would he real y be much help to devon ? 
 the implications of his mortality fel down over me like a blinding haze of dread . 
 ruthlessly , i pushed through it , reminding myself that bo had lived a long , long time as a vampire . 
 he 'd wanted nothing more than to be normal , to be mortal . 
 the least i could do was be happy for him , to put my own selfish thoughts and desires aside for his benefit . 
 it would only make him feel guilty to know how much it bothered me . 
 `` what are you gon na do , ridley ? '' 
 savannah asked quietly . 
 i shrugged . 
 i did n't want to think about it . 
 i was stil too emotional y raw to consider it . 
 `` i ' l figure something out . '' 
 after a short , thoughtful pause , savannah spoke again . 
 `` ridley , there 's something you should know . '' 
 her tone made me instantly wary . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` um , since devon fed me his blood , i can sort of see shapes . '' 
 i came to a dead stop and my mouth dropped open . 
 `` no , you can not ! '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` yes , i can . '' 
 `` ohmigod , savannah , that 's amazing ! '' 
 i squealed , rushing to hug her even though she was in devon 's arms . 
 `` i 'm so happy for you . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i do n't know how long it wil last or whatever , but i wanted you to know . '' 
 her expression held more guilt than pleasure and i knew why . 
 `` i 'm glad that you told me . 
 we could al use some good news , '' i said , trying to assuage her guilt over having something positive to share . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you 're not ... '' `` i 'm thril ed ! 
 i could n't be happier for you . 
 real y. '' savannah nodded , but i did n't think she was completely convinced . 
 i kissed her on the cheek and we resumed our walk home . 
 we fel into a pensive silence after that , each of us lost in thought . 
 when we arrived at sebastian 's , i opened the door and held it for devon and savannah . 
 without another word , devon carried her to the room that savannah had claimed . 
 i listened until i heard the door shut and then i turned my attention to the house . 
 it was eerily quiet and completely devoid of the smel s that i associated with cade . 
 softly , i padded around , going from room to room and finding no one . 
 i went to cade 's bedroom . 
 the door was open , but the room was empty . 
 and not just of cade . 
 his bag was gone and there was no evidence that he 'd ever been there . 
 i was turning to leave when i saw the note . 
 it was a single piece of white paper lying on the corner of the dresser . 
 i reached for it and read the five short sentences . 
 it 's over . 
 i do n't need to be here anymore . 
 the vision you saw of your future will come to pass . 
 also , there will be a child , a boy . 
 cade is a good , strong name . 
 i had to laugh at the last sentence , but then the implications hit me and i reread the note . 
 twice . 
 my cheeks burned with embarrassment over the intimate moment cade must 've seen . 
 once i felt my cheeks cool , my mind wandered over the part about a child . 
 bo and i would have a child ? 
 a boy ? 
 i perched on the edge of the bed for several minutes , letting that knowledge settle in . 
 it brought to sparkling life a future that had seemed dead , one that had been fil ed with nothing more than thoughts of an eternity without bo . 
 but if there was a child , what would it be ? 
 would it have eternal life , like me ? 
 or would it be mortal , like bo ? 
 in a daze , i shuffled down the steps to the bedroom that i had claimed and i stretched out across the velvet duvet . 
 i closed my eyes and let visions of a bright future fil my mind . 
 i pictured a smal replica of bo laughing in delight at his father 's antics on the playground . 
 i pictured myself wrapped in bo 's arms as we sat in front of a christmas tree while our child opened presents . 
 i pictured bits and pieces of a happy and fulfil ing life that i suddenly looked forward to . 
 i was in the company of those thoughts when bo returned . 
 i was so distracted , i did n't hear him come in until he closed the bedroom door behind him . 
 i pushed myself up on my elbows and watched him approach the bed . 
 as he walked , he kicked off his shoes . 
 he was already shirtless . 
 as my eyes hungrily roved his muscular body , i could n't help but notice that his gleaming , golden skin was now the pale not-quite-human skin that i was so accustomed to . 
 when he climbed onto the bed and crawled toward me , my eyes were drawn to his face . 
 he was smiling , a devilish and wicked smile that made me immediately suspicious . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` are you thirsty ? '' 
 i shrugged , not looking forward to feeding from a bag when i had been quite content to eat from bo , had looked forward to it even . 
 in my mind and to my body , the act of feeding and sexual intimacy were inextricably entwined . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` before you feed , i have something to ask you , '' bo said , stretching out beside me and pushing me flat onto my back . 
 `` wil you go to col ege with me ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 of al the things i might 've thought he 'd ask , that was nowhere on my list at all . 
 `` wil you go to col ege with me ? '' 
 for some reason , his question irritated me . 
 it seemed so trite and sil y in the face of everything else . 
 it was such a normal thing to do , i was almost insulted , as if he was ready to go on with a human existence regardless of my far-from-human life . 
 `` um , col ege is n't real y a priority for me anymore , ya know ? '' 
 `` so you wo n't go to col ege with me ? '' 
 he looked wounded , even though he was trying to hide it , and i felt instantly guilty . 
 i smiled to soften my previous aggravation . 
 `` if that 's what you want to do , of course i ' l go to col ege with you , but what about - '' `` lucius knows a guy that can get me some papers and i can have a legitimate identity , one that 's not associated with a disappearance . '' 
 `` that 's great news , '' i said , striving for enthusiasm . 
 `` i know how much you wanted to go to stanford . '' 
 i wanted to point out al the obstacles and pitfal s to his plan , but i resisted . 
 i would n't take this moment from him . 
 `` so you ' l go to col ege with me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` after that , wil you help me pick out a house somewhere along the coast , near the water ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i said , deciding it was just better to go along with his fantasy and not shoot holes in it . 
 `` and after that , wil you help me decorate it ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` and after that wil you marry me ? '' 
 my mouth went bone dry at his question . 
 i could think of nothing i 'd like more than to marry bo . 
 images of making love with him flitted through my mind and desire flooded my body like molten lava . 
 `` yes , i ' l marry you , '' i answered breathlessly . 
 `` and after that , wil you have a baby with me ? '' 
 thoughts of the dark-haired boy i 'd imagined rol ed through my mind in a wave that eclipsed the other thoughts . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and after that , wil you spend eternity with me ? '' 
 and , just like that , the wind was official y gone from my sails . 
 `` i ' l spend eternity loving you , '' i said , casting my eyes down to his chin , `` and mourning you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked coyly . 
 `` that 's what you do when the person you love most in the world dies . '' 
 `` wel , do you plan on kil ing me off ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 of course not . '' 
 `` then you wo n't be getting rid of me for many , many lives . '' 
 at that , i pushed myself into a sitting position . 
 `` what ? 
 i mean , how ? 
 you 're mortal , are n't you ? '' 
 bo smiled , the kind of smug smile that reminded me of the cat who ate the canary . 
 `` nope . '' 
 despite the knowledge that he 'd wanted to be mortal , wanted to be human more than anything , i thril ed at the idea that he would n't leave me , that i would n't have to watch him die . 
 `` how ? 
 what happened ? 
 i thought ... '' `` i made a deal . '' 
 `` with whom ? '' 
 `` god , of course , '' bo snorted . 
 `` what kind of deal ? '' 
 i asked suspiciously . 
 bo shrugged . 
 `` my mortality for your life . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's not a big deal . '' 
 `` not a big deal ? 
 you wanted to be mortal more than anything ! '' 
 `` i wanted to be mortal until i met you . 
 now , nothing matters except being with you and , as far as that goes , the longer the better . '' 
 `` but bo - '' `` shh , '' he said , pressing his fingertip to my lips this time . 
 `` no buts . 
 i thought you 'd be happy . '' 
 `` i am . 
 i mean ... i am ! 
 i just do n't want you making sacrifices for me . '' 
 `` you mean like throwing myself in front of a bul et or a train or a. . . 
 sword made from a feather ? '' 
 he asked pointedly . 
 `` that was different . 
 i knew that you would die if i did n't . '' 
 bo sat up , too . 
 `` what did you think would happen to me if you had died , huh ? 
 how did you think i would survive without you ? '' 
 i had no answer for that . 
 i had no idea how bo felt , but if it was anything close to what i felt for him , i knew that survival would be nearly impossible , not to mention earth-shatteringly miserable . 
 `` i did what i had to in order to save you . 
 i 'm sorry if it did n't turn out the way that you 'd planned . '' 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 it could n't have turned out more perfectly , but the point is that you did n't know how it would turn out . 
 ridley , you wil ingly gave your life for mine . '' 
 i cast my eyes down , embarrassed by him making such a fuss over it . 
 `` i know , but i could n't stand the thought of a world without you . '' 
 bo put a finger under my chin . 
 `` and i feel the same way , but now we do n't have to worry about that . 
 ridley , we can be together forever . 
 forever , '' he repeated meaningful y . 
 as i looked into his beautiful eyes , i felt al the doubts and insecurities , al the fear and uncertainty melt away like early morning mist . 
 my life was n't going to be ful of misery and grief , of pain and loss . 
 bo and i would be together forever . 
 we would go to col ege and buy a house . 
 we would get married and have a baby . 
 we would live , just like regular people . 
 wel , almost . 
 leaning forward , i pressed a tiny kiss on bo 's lips . 
 `` you make me whole , you know . 
 you are the only thing i need to live , the only thing i need to be happy . '' 
 bo put his palm on my chest and pushed me back onto the bed , rol ing smoothly on top of me . 
 he rested his weight on his forearms as he stared down at me with his fathomless eyes . 
 `` why do n't we concentrate real y hard and see if we can get a glimpse of that future again , like we did last time . '' 
 images of bo 's naked body pressed to mine , the remembered feel of his lips on my skin and his hands bringing me to passionate life , flooded my mind as his kiss brought my blood to an instant boil . 
 with a finger to my chin , he held my face in place as he positioned his throat near my mouth . 
 my fangs slid out in anticipation . 
 `` i love you , ridley , '' he said , his body shifting against me as he awaited my bite . 
 `` my blood is yours . 
 my body is yours . 
 my heart is yours . 
 my life is yours . 
 take it al . '' 
 with a happier , lighter heart than i could ever remember having , i sank my teeth into bo 's artery . 
 as i let the blood of our life , our love and our future pour over my tongue , i realized that this was the first bite of a mil ion more to come . 
 forever is a long , sweet time . 
 the end 
