 prologue it 's funny , vasher thought , how many things begin with my getting thrown into prison . 
 the guards laughed to one another , slamming the cell door shut with a clang . 
 vasher stood and dusted himself off , rolling his shoulder and wincing . 
 while the bottom half of his cell door was solid wood , the top half was barred , and he could see the three guards open his large duffel and riffle through his possessions . 
 one of them noticed him watching . 
 the guard was an oversized beast of a man with a shaved head and a dirty uniform that barely retained the bright yellow and blue coloring of the t'telir city guard . 
 bright colors , vasher thought . 
 i 'll have to get used to those again . 
 in any other nation , the vibrant blues and yellows would have been ridiculous on soldiers . 
 this , however , was hallandren : land of returned gods , lifeless servants , biochromatic research , and-of course-color . 
 the large guard sauntered up to the cell door , leaving his friends to amuse themselves with vasher 's belongings . 
 `` they say you 're pretty tough , '' the man said , sizing up vasher . 
 vasher did not respond . 
 `` the bartender says you beat down some twenty men in the brawl . '' 
 the guard rubbed his chin . 
 `` you do n't look that tough to me . 
 either way , you should have known better than to strike a priest . 
 the others , they 'll spend a night locked up . 
 you , though ... you 'll hang . 
 colorless fool . '' 
 vasher turned away . 
 his cell was functional , if unoriginal . 
 a thin slit at the top of one wall let in light , the stone walls dripped with water and moss , and a pile of dirty straw decomposed in the corner . 
 `` you ignoring me ? '' 
 the guard asked , stepping closer to the door . 
 the colors of his uniform brightened , as if he 'd stepped into a stronger light . 
 the change was slight . 
 vasher did n't have much breath remaining , and so his aura did n't do much to the colors around him . 
 the guard did n't notice the change in color-just as he had n't noticed back in the bar , when he and his buddies had picked vasher up off the floor and thrown him in their cart . 
 of course , the change was so slight to the unaided eye that it would have been nearly impossible to pick out . 
 `` here , now , '' said one of the men looking through vasher 's duffel . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 vasher had always found it interesting that the men who watched dungeons tended to be as bad as , or worse than , the men they guarded . 
 perhaps that was deliberate . 
 society did n't seem to care if such men were outside the cells or in them , so long as they were kept away from more honest men . 
 assuming that such a thing existed . 
 from vasher 's bag , a guard pulled free a long object wrapped in white linen . 
 the man whistled as he unwrapped the cloth , revealing a long , thin-bladed sword in a silver sheath . 
 the hilt was pure black . 
 `` who do you suppose he stole this from ? '' 
 the lead guard eyed vasher , likely wondering if vasher was some kind of nobleman . 
 though hallandren had no aristocracy , many neighboring kingdoms had their lords and ladies . 
 yet what lord would wear a drab brown cloak , ripped in several places ? 
 what lord would sport bruises from a bar fight , a half-grown beard , and boots worn from years of walking ? 
 the guard turned away , apparently convinced that vasher was no lord . 
 he was right . 
 and he was wrong . 
 `` let me see that , '' the lead guard said , taking the sword . 
 he grunted , obviously surprised by its weight . 
 he turned it about , noting the clasp that tied sheath to hilt , keeping the blade from being drawn . 
 he undid the clasp . 
 the colors in the room deepened . 
 they did n't grow brighter-not the way the guard 's vest had when he approached vasher . 
 instead , they grew stronger . 
 darker . 
 reds became maroon . 
 yellows hardened to gold . 
 blues approached navy . 
 `` be careful , friend , '' vasher said softly , `` that sword can be dangerous . '' 
 the guard looked up . 
 all was still . 
 then the guard snorted and walked away from vasher 's cell , still carrying the sword . 
 the other two followed , bearing vasher 's duffel , entering the guard room at the end of the hallway . 
 the door thumped shut . 
 vasher immediately knelt beside the patch of straw , selecting a handful of sturdy lengths . 
 he pulled threads from his cloak-it was beginning to fray at the bottom-and tied the straw into the shape of a small person , perhaps three inches high , with bushy arms and legs . 
 he plucked a hair from one of his eyebrows , set it against the straw figure 's head , then reached into his boot and pulled out a brilliant red scarf . 
 then vasher breathed . 
 it flowed out of him , puffing into the air , translucent yet radiant , like the color of oil on water in the sun . 
 vasher felt it leave : biochromatic breath , scholars called it . 
 most people just called it breath . 
 each person had one . 
 or , at least , that was how it usually went . 
 one person , one breath . 
 vasher had around fifty breaths , just enough to reach the first heightening . 
 having so few made him feel poor compared with what he 'd once held , but many would consider fifty breaths to be a great treasure . 
 unfortunately , even awakening a small figure made from organic material-using a piece of his own body as a focus-drained away some half of his breaths . 
 the little straw figure jerked , sucking in the breath . 
 in vasher 's hand , half of the brilliant red scarf faded to grey . 
 vasher leaned down-imagining what he wanted the figure to do-and completed the final step of the process as he gave the command . 
 `` fetch keys , '' he said . 
 the straw figure stood and raised its single eyebrow toward vasher . 
 vasher pointed toward the guard room . 
 from it , he heard sudden shouts of surprise . 
 not much time , he thought . 
 the straw person ran along the floor , then jumped up , vaulting between the bars . 
 vasher pulled off his cloak and set it on the floor . 
 it was the perfect shape of a person-marked with rips that matched the scars on vasher 's body , its hood cut with holes to match vasher 's eyes . 
 the closer an object was to human shape and form , the fewer breaths it took to awaken . 
 vasher leaned down , trying not to think of the days when he 'd had enough breaths to awaken without regard for shape or focus . 
 that had been a different time . 
 wincing , he pulled a tuft of hair from his head , then sprinkled it across the hood of the cloak . 
 once again , he breathed . 
 it took the rest of his breath . 
 with it gone-the cloak trembling , the scarf losing the rest of its color-vasher felt ... dimmer . 
 losing one 's breath was not fatal . 
 indeed , the extra breaths vasher used had once belonged to other people . 
 vasher did n't know who they were ; he had n't gathered these breaths himself . 
 they had been given to him . 
 but , of course , that was the way it was always supposed to work . 
 one could not take breath by force . 
 being void of breath did change him . 
 colors did n't seem as bright . 
 he could n't feel the bustling people moving about in the city above , a connection he normally took for granted . 
 it was the awareness all men had for others-that thing which whispered a warning , in the drowsiness of sleep , when someone entered the room . 
 in vasher , that sense had been magnified fifty times . 
 and now it was gone . 
 sucked into the cloak and the straw person , giving them power . 
 the cloak jerked . 
 vasher leaned down . 
 `` protect me , '' he commanded , and the cloak grew still . 
 he stood , throwing it back on . 
 the straw figure returned to his window . 
 it carried a large ring of keys . 
 the figure 's straw feet were stained red . 
 the crimson blood seemed so dull to vasher now . 
 he took the keys . 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 he always thanked them . 
 he did n't know why , particularly considering what he did next . 
 `` your breath to mine , '' he commanded , touching the straw person 's chest . 
 the straw person immediately fell backward off the door-life draining from it-and vasher got his breath back . 
 the familiar sense of awareness returned , the knowledge of connectedness , of fitting . 
 he could only take the breath back because he 'd awakened this creature himself-indeed , awakenings of this sort were rarely permanent . 
 he used his breath like a reserve , doling it out , then recovering it . 
 compared with what he had once held , twenty-five breaths was a laughably small number . 
 however , compared with nothing , it seemed infinite . 
 he shivered in satisfaction . 
 the yells from the guard room died out . 
 the dungeon fell still . 
 he had to keep moving . 
 vasher reached through the bars , using the keys to unlock his cell . 
 he pushed the thick door open , rushing out into the hallway , leaving the straw figure discarded on the ground . 
 he did n't walk to the guard room-and the exit beyond it-but instead turned south , penetrating deeper into the dungeon . 
 this was the most uncertain part of his plan . 
 finding a tavern that was frequented by priests of the iridescent tones had been easy enough . 
 getting into a bar fight-then striking one of those same priests-had been equally simple . 
 hallandren took their religious figures very seriously , and vasher had earned himself not the usual imprisonment in a local jail , but a trip to the god king 's dungeons . 
 knowing the kind of men who tended to guard such dungeons , he 'd had a pretty good idea that they would try to draw nightblood . 
 that had given him the diversion he 'd needed to get the keys . 
 but now came the unpredictable part . 
 vasher stopped , awakened cloak rustling . 
 it was easy to locate the cell he wanted , for around it a large patch of stone had been drained of color , leaving both walls and doors a dull grey . 
 it was a place to imprison an awakener , for no color meant no awakening . 
 vasher stepped up to the door , looking through the bars . 
 a man hung by his arms from the ceiling , nak * d and chained . 
 his color was vibrant to vasher 's eyes , his skin a pure tan , his bruises brilliant splashes of blue and violet . 
 the man was gagged . 
 another precaution . 
 in order to awaken , the man would need three things : breath , color , and a command . 
 the harmonics and the hues , some called it . 
 the iridescent tones , the relationship between color and sound . 
 a command had to be spoken clearly and firmly in the awakener 's native language-any stuttering , any mispronunciation , would invalidate the awakening . 
 the breath would be drawn out , but the object would be unable to act . 
 vasher used the prison keys to unlock the cell door , then stepped inside . 
 this man 's aura made colors grow brighter by sharp measure when they got close to him . 
 anyone would be able to notice an aura that strong , though it was much easier for someone who had reached the first heightening . 
 it was n't the strongest biochromatic aura vasher had ever seen-those belonged to the returned , known as gods here in hallandren . 
 still , the prisoner 's biochroma was very impressive and much , much stronger than vasher 's own . 
 the prisoner held a lot of breaths . 
 hundreds upon hundreds of them . 
 the man swung in his bonds , studying vasher , gagged lips bleeding from lack of water . 
 vasher hesitated only briefly , then reached up and pulled the gag free . 
 `` you , '' the prisoner whispered , coughing slightly . 
 `` are you here to free me ? '' 
 `` no , vahr , '' vasher said quietly . 
 `` i 'm here to kill you . '' 
 vahr snorted . 
 captivity had n't been easy on him . 
 when vasher had last seen vahr , he 'd been plump . 
 judging by his emaciated body , he 'd been without food for some time now . 
 the cuts , bruises , and burn marks on his flesh were fresh . 
 both the torture and the haunted look in vahr 's bag-rimmed eyes bespoke a solemn truth . 
 breath could only be transferred by willing , intentional command . 
 that command could , however , be encouraged . 
 `` so , '' vahr croaked , `` you judge me , just like everyone else . '' 
 `` your failed rebellion is not my concern . 
 i just want your breath . '' 
 `` you and the entire hallandren court . '' 
 `` yes . 
 but you 're not going to give it to one of the returned . 
 you 're going to give it to me . 
 in exchange for killing you . '' 
 `` does n't seem like much of a trade . '' 
 there was a hardness-a void of emotion-in vahr that vasher had not seen the last time they had parted , years before . 
 odd , vasher thought , that i should finally , after all of this time , find something in the man that i can identify with . 
 vasher kept a wary distance from vahr . 
 now that the man 's voice was free , he could command . 
 however , he was touching nothing except for the metal chains , and metal was very difficult to awaken . 
 it had never been alive , and it was far from the form of a man . 
 even during the height of his power , vasher himself had only managed to awaken metal on a few , select occasions . 
 of course , some extremely powerful awakeners could bring objects to life that they were n't touching , but that were in the sound of their voice . 
 that , however , required the ninth heightening . 
 even vahr did n't have that much breath . 
 in fact , vasher knew of only one living person who did : the god king himself . 
 that meant vasher was probably safe . 
 vahr contained a great wealth of breath , but had nothing to awaken . 
 vasher walked around the chained man , finding it very difficult to offer any sympathy . 
 vahr had earned his fate . 
 yet the priests would not let him die while he held so much breath ; if he died , it would be wasted . 
 gone . 
 irretrievable . 
 not even the government of hallandren-which had such strict laws about the buying and passing of breath-could let such a treasure slip away . 
 they wanted it badly enough to forestall the execution of even a high-profile criminal like vahr . 
 in retrospect , they would curse themselves for not leaving him better guarded . 
 but , then , vasher had been waiting two years for an opportunity like this one . 
 `` well ? '' 
 vahr asked . 
 `` give me the breath , vahr , '' vasher said , stepping forward . 
 vahr snorted . 
 `` i doubt you have the skill of the god king 's torturers , vasher-and i 've withstood them for two weeks now . '' 
 `` you 'd be surprised . 
 but that does n't matter . 
 you are going to give me your breath . 
 you know you have only two choices . 
 give it to me , or give it to them . '' 
 vahr hung by his wrists , rotating slowly . 
 silent . 
 `` you do n't have much time to consider , '' vasher said . 
 `` any moment now , someone is going to discover the dead guards outside . 
 the alarm will be raised . 
 i 'll leave you , you will be tortured again , and you will eventually break . 
 then all the power you 've gathered will go to the very people you vowed to destroy . '' 
 vahr stared at the floor . 
 vasher let him hang for a few moments , and could see that the reality of the situation was clear to him . 
 finally , vahr looked up at vasher . 
 `` that ... thing you bear . 
 it 's here , in the city ? '' 
 vasher nodded . 
 `` the screams i heard earlier ? 
 it caused them ? '' 
 vasher nodded again . 
 `` how long will you be in t'telir ? '' 
 `` for a time . 
 a year , perhaps . '' 
 `` will you use it against them ? '' 
 `` my goals are my own to know , vahr . 
 will you take my deal or not ? 
 quick death in exchange for those breaths . 
 i promise you this . 
 your enemies will not have them . '' 
 vahr grew quiet . 
 `` it 's yours , '' he finally whispered . 
 vasher reached over , resting his hand on vahr 's forehead-careful not to let any part of his clothing touch the man 's skin , lest vahr draw forth color for awakening . 
 vahr did n't move . 
 he looked numb . 
 then , just as vasher began to worry that the prisoner had changed his mind , vahr breathed . 
 the color drained from him . 
 the beautiful iridescence , the aura that had made him look majestic despite his wounds and chains . 
 it flowed from his mouth , hanging in the air , shimmering like mist . 
 vasher drew it in , closing his eyes . 
 `` my life to yours , '' vahr commanded , a hint of despair in his voice . 
 `` my breath become yours . '' 
 the breath flooded into vasher , and everything became vibrant . 
 his brown cloak now seemed deep and rich in color . 
 the blood on the floor was intensely red , as if aflame . 
 even vahr 's skin seemed a masterpiece of color , the surface marked by deep black hairs , blue bruises , and sharp red cuts . 
 it had been years since vasher had felt such ... life . 
 he gasped , falling to his knees as it overwhelmed him , and he had to drop a hand to the stone floor to keep himself from toppling over . 
 how did i live without this ? 
 he knew that his senses had n't actually improved , yet he felt so much more alert . 
 more aware of the beauty of sensation . 
 when he touched the stone floor , he marveled at its roughness . 
 and the sound of wind passing through the thin dungeon window up above . 
 had it always been that melodic ? 
 how could he not have noticed ? 
 `` keep your part of the bargain , '' vahr said . 
 vasher noted the tones in his voice , the beauty of each one , how close they were to harmonics . 
 vasher had gained perfect pitch . 
 a gift for anyone who reached the second heightening . 
 it would be good to have that again . 
 vasher could , of course , have up to the fifth heightening at any time , if he wished . 
 that would require certain sacrifices he was n't willing to make . 
 and so he forced himself to do it the old-fashioned way , by gathering breaths from people like vahr . 
 vasher stood , then pulled out the colorless scarf he had used earlier . 
 he tossed it over vahr 's shoulder , then breathed . 
 he did n't bother making the scarf have human shape , did n't need to use a bit of his hair or skin for a focus-though he did have to draw the color from his shirt . 
 vasher met vahr 's resigned eyes . 
 `` strangle things , '' vasher commanded , fingers touching the quivering scarf . 
 it twisted immediately , pulling away a large-yet now inconsequential-amount of breath . 
 the scarf quickly wrapped around vahr 's neck , tightening , choking him . 
 vahr did n't struggle or gasp , he simply watched vasher with hatred until his eyes bulged and he died . 
 hatred . 
 vasher had known enough of that in his time . 
 he quietly reached up and recovered his breath from the scarf , then left vahr dangling in his cell . 
 vasher passed quietly though the prison , marveling at the color of the woods and the stones . 
 after a few moments of walking , he noticed a new color in the hallway . 
 red . 
 he stepped around the pool of blood-which was seeping down the inclined dungeon floor-and moved into the guard room . 
 the three guards lay dead . 
 one of them sat in a chair . 
 nightblood , still mostly sheathed , had been rammed through the man 's chest . 
 about an inch of a dark black blade was visible beneath the silver sheath . 
 vasher carefully slid the weapon fully back into its sheath . 
 he did up the clasp . 
 i did very well today , a voice said in his mind . 
 vasher did n't respond to the sword . 
 i killed them all , nightblood continued . 
 are n't you proud of me ? 
 vasher picked up the weapon , accustomed to its unusual weight , and carried it in one hand . 
 he recovered his duffel and slung it over his shoulder . 
 i knew you 'd be impressed , nightblood said , sounding satisfied . 
 1 there were great advantages to being unimportant . 
 true , by many people 's standards , siri was n't `` unimportant . '' 
 she was , after all , the daughter of a king . 
 fortunately , her father had four living children , and siri-at seventeen years of age-was the youngest . 
 fafen , the daughter just older than siri , had done the family duty and become a monk . 
 above fafen was ridger , the eldest son . 
 he would inherit the throne . 
 and then there was vivenna . 
 siri sighed as she walked down the path back to the city . 
 vivenna , the firstborn , was ... well ... vivenna . 
 beautiful , poised , perfect in most every way . 
 it was a good thing , too , considering the fact that she was betrothed to a god . 
 either way , siri-as fourth child-was redundant . 
 vivenna and ridger had to focus on their studies ; fafen had to do her work in the pastures and homes . 
 siri , however , could get away with being unimportant . 
 that meant she could disappear into the wilderness for hours at a time . 
 people would notice , of course , and she would get into trouble . 
 yet even her father would have to admit that her disappearance had n't caused much inconvenience . 
 the city got along just fine without siri-in fact , it tended to do a little better when she was n't around . 
 unimportance . 
 to another , it might have been offensive . 
 to siri it was a blessing . 
 she smiled , walking into the city proper . 
 she drew the inevitable stares . 
 while bevalis was technically the capital of idris , it was n't that big , and everyone knew her by sight . 
 judging by the stories siri had heard from passing ramblemen , her home was hardly even a village compared with the massive metropolises in other nations . 
 she liked it the way it was , even with the muddy streets , the thatched cottages , and the boring-yet sturdy-stone walls . 
 women chasing runaway geese , men pulling donkeys laden with spring seed , and children leading sheep on their way to pasture . 
 a grand city in xaka , hudres , or even terrible hallandren might have exotic sights , but it would be crowded with faceless , shouting , jostling crowds , and haughty noblemen . 
 not siri 's preference ; she generally found even bevalis to be a bit busy for her . 
 still , she thought , looking down at her utilitarian grey dress , i 'll bet those cities have more colors . 
 that 's something i might like to see . 
 her hair would n't stand out so much there . 
 as usual , the long locks had gone blond with joy while she 'd been out in the fields . 
 she concentrated , trying to rein them in , but she was only able to bring the color to a dull brown . 
 as soon as she stopped focusing , her hair just went back to the way it had been . 
 she 'd never been very good at controlling it . 
 not like vivenna . 
 as she continued through the town , a group of small figures began trailing her . 
 she smiled , pretending to ignore the children until one of them was brave enough to run forward and tug on her dress . 
 then she turned , smiling . 
 they regarded her with solemn faces . 
 idris children were trained even at this age to avoid shameful outbursts of emotion . 
 austrin teachings said there was nothing wrong with feelings , but drawing attention to yourself with them was wrong . 
 siri had never been very devout . 
 it was n't her fault , she reasoned , if austre had made her with a distinct inability to obey . 
 the children waited patiently until siri reached into her apron and pulled out a couple of brightly colored flowers . 
 the children 's eyes opened wide , gazing at the vibrant colors . 
 three of the flowers were blue , one yellow . 
 the flowers stood out starkly against the town 's determined drabness . 
 other than what one could find in the skin and eyes of the people , there was n't a drop of color in sight . 
 stones had been whitewashed , clothing bleached grey or tan . 
 all to keep the color away . 
 for without color , there could be no awakeners . 
 the girl who had tugged siri 's skirt finally took the flowers in one hand and dashed away with them , the other children following behind . 
 siri caught a look of disproval in the eyes of several passing villagers . 
 none of them confronted her , though . 
 being a princess-even an unimportant one-did have its perks . 
 she continued on toward the palace . 
 it was a low , single-story building with a large , packed-earth courtyard . 
 siri avoided the crowds of haggling people at the front , rounding to the back and going in the kitchen entrance . 
 mab , the kitchen mistress , stopped singing as the door opened , then eyed siri . 
 `` your father 's been looking for you , child , '' mab said , turning away and humming as she attacked a pile of onions . 
 `` i suspect that he has . '' 
 siri walked over and sniffed at a pot , which bore the calm scent of boiling potatoes . 
 `` went to the hills again , did n't you ? 
 skipped your tutorial sessions , i 'll bet . '' 
 siri smiled , then pulled out another of the bright yellow flowers , spinning it between two fingers . 
 mab rolled her eyes . 
 `` and been corrupting the city youth again , i suspect . 
 honestly , girl , you should be beyond these things at your age . 
 your father will have words with you about shirking your responsibilities . '' 
 `` i like words , '' siri said . 
 `` and i always learn a few new ones when father gets angry . 
 i should n't neglect my education , now should i ? '' 
 mab snorted , dicing some pickled cucumbers into the onions . 
 `` honestly , mab , '' siri said , twirling the flower , feeling her hair shade a little bit red . 
 `` i do n't see what the problem is . 
 austre made the flowers , right ? 
 he put the colors on them , so they ca n't be evil . 
 i mean , we call him god of colors , for heaven 's sake . '' 
 `` flowers ai n't evil , '' mab said , adding something that looked like grass to her concoction , `` assuming they 're left where austre put them . 
 we should n't use austre 's beauty to make ourselves more important . '' 
 `` a flower does n't make me look more important . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 mab asked , adding the grass , cucumber , and onions to one of her boiling pots . 
 she banged the side of the pot with the flat of her knife , listening , then nodded to herself and began fishing under the counter for more vegetables . 
 `` you tell me , '' she continued , voice muffled . 
 `` you really think walking through the city with a flower like that did n't draw attention to yourself ? '' 
 `` that 's only because the city is so drab . 
 if there were a bit of color around , nobody would notice a flower . '' 
 mab reappeared , hefting a box filled with various tubers . 
 `` you 'd have us decorate the place like hallandren ? 
 maybe we should start inviting awakeners into the city ? 
 how 'd you like that ? 
 some devil sucking the souls out of children , strangling people with their own clothing ? 
 bringing men back from the grave , then using their dead bodies for cheap labor ? 
 sacrificing women on their unholy altars ? '' 
 siri felt her hair whiten slightly with anxiety . 
 stop that ! 
 she thought . 
 the hair seemed to have a mind of its own , responding to gut feelings . 
 `` that sacrificing-maidens part is only a story , '' siri said . 
 `` they do n't really do that . '' 
 `` stories come from somewhere . '' 
 `` yes , they come from old women sitting by the hearth in the winter . 
 i do n't think we need to be so frightened . 
 the hallandren will do what they want , which is fine by me , as long as they leave us alone . '' 
 mab chopped tubers , not looking up . 
 `` we 've got the treaty , mab , '' siri said . 
 `` father and vivenna will make sure we 're safe , and that will make the hallandren leave us alone . '' 
 `` and if they do n't ? '' 
 `` they will . 
 you do n't need to worry . '' 
 `` they have better armies , '' mab said , chopping , not looking up , `` better steel , more food , and those ... those things . 
 it makes people worry . 
 maybe not you , but sensible folk . '' 
 the cook 's words were hard to dismiss out of hand . 
 mab had a sense , a wisdom beyond her instinct for spices and broths . 
 however , she also tended to fret . 
 `` you 're worrying about nothing , mab . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 `` i 'm just saying that this is a bad time for a royal princess to be running around with flowers , standin ' out and inviting austre 's dislike . '' 
 siri sighed . 
 `` fine , then , '' she said , tossing her last flower into the stew-pot . 
 `` now we can all stand out together . '' 
 mab froze , then rolled her eyes , chopping a root . 
 `` i assume that was a vanavel flower ? '' 
 `` of course , '' siri said , sniffing at the steaming pot . 
 `` i know better than to ruin a good stew . 
 and i still say you 're overreacting . '' 
 mab sniffed . 
 `` here , '' she said , pulling out another knife . 
 `` make yourself useful . 
 there 's roots that need choppin ' . '' 
 `` should n't i report to my father ? '' 
 siri said , grabbing a gnarled vanavel root and beginning to chop . 
 `` he 'll just send you back here and make you work in the kitchens as a punishment , '' mab said , banging the pot with her knife again . 
 she firmly believed that she could judge when a dish was done by the way the pot rang . 
 `` austre help me if father ever discovers i like it down here . '' 
 `` you just like being close to the food , '' mab said , fishing siri 's flower out of the stew then tossing it aside . 
 `` either way , you ca n't report to him . 
 he 's in conference with yarda . '' 
 siri gave no reaction-she simply continued to chop . 
 her hair , however , grew blond with excitement . 
 father 's conferences with yarda usually last hours , she thought . 
 not much point in simply sitting around , waiting for him to get done ... . 
 mab turned to get something off the table , and by the time she looked back , siri had bolted out the door and was on her way toward the royal stables . 
 bare minutes later , she galloped away from the palace , wearing her favorite brown cloak , feeling an exhilarated thrill that sent her hair into a deep blond . 
 a nice quick ride would be a good way to round out the day . 
 after all , her punishment was likely to be the same either way . 
 <br/> `` sending vivenna is a poor plan , but it 's our only plan , '' yarda said . 
 `` with more time , i know i can bring the tedradel to our cause-they 've hated hallandren since the manywar . 
 and perhaps i can find a way to rile vahr 's broken rebel faction in hallandren itself . 
 at the very least , we can build , gather supplies , live another year . '' 
 yarda turned to him . 
 `` if we do n't send the hallandren their princess , the war will be seen as our fault . 
 who will support us ? 
 they will demand to know why we refused to follow the treaty our own king wrote ! '' 
 `` and if we do send them vivenna , it will introduce the royal blood into their monarchy , and that will have an even more legitimate claim on the highlands ! '' 
 `` perhaps , '' yarda said . 
 `` but if we both know they 're going to attack anyway , then what do we care about their claim ? 
 at least this way , perhaps they will wait until an heir is born before the assault comes . '' 
 more time . 
 the general always asked for more time . 
 but what about when that time came at the cost of dedelin 's own child ? 
 yarda would n't hesitate to send one soldier to die if it would mean time enough to get the rest of his troops into better position to attack , dedelin thought . 
 we are idris . 
 how can i ask anything less of my daughter than i 'd demand of one of my troops ? 
 it was just that thinking of vivenna in the god king 's arms , being forced to bear that creature 's child ... it nearly made his hair bleach with concern . 
 that child would become a stillborn monster who would become the next returned god of the hallandren . 
 there is another way , a part of his mind whispered . 
 you do n't have to send vivenna ... . 
 a knock came at his door . 
 both he and yarda turned , and dedelin called for the visitor to enter . 
 he should have been able to guess whom it would be . 
 vivenna stood in a quiet grey dress , looking so young to him still . 
 yet she was the perfect image of an idris woman-hair kept in a modest knot , no makeup to draw attention to the face . 
 she was not timid or soft , like some noblewomen from the northern kingdoms . 
 she was just composed . 
 composed , simple , hard , and capable . 
 idrian . 
 `` you have been in here for several hours , father , '' vivenna said , bowing her head respectfully to yarda . 
 `` the servants speak of a colorful envelope carried by the general when he entered . 
 i believe i know what it contained . '' 
 dedelin met her eyes , then waved for her to seat herself . 
 she softly closed the door , then took one of the wooden chairs from the side of the room . 
 yarda remained standing , after the masculine fashion . 
 vivenna eyed the letter sitting on the desk . 
 she was calm , her hair controlled and kept a respectful black . 
 she was twice as devout as dedelin , and-unlike her youngest sister-she never drew attention to herself with fits of emotion . 
 `` i assume that i should prepare myself for departure , then , '' vivenna said , hands in her lap . 
 dedelin opened his mouth , but could find no objection . 
 he glanced at yarda , who just shook his head , resigned . 
 `` i have prepared my entire life for this , father , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i am ready . 
 siri , however , will not take this well . 
 she left on a ride an hour ago . 
 i should depart the city before she gets back . 
 that will avoid any potential scene she might make . '' 
 `` too late , '' yarda said , grimacing and nodding toward the window . 
 just outside , people scattered in the courtyard as a figure galloped through the gates . 
 she wore a deep brown cloak that bordered on being too colorful , and-of course-she had her hair down . 
 the hair was yellow . 
 dedelin felt his rage and frustration growing . 
 only siri could make him lose control , and-as if in ironic counterpoint to the source of his anger-he felt his hair change . 
 to those watching , a few locks of hair on his head would have bled from black to red . 
 it was the identifying mark of the royal family , who had fled to the idris highlands at the cli ** x of the manywar . 
 others could hide their emotions . 
 the royals , however , manifested what they felt in the very hair on their heads . 
 vivenna watched him , pristine as always , and her poise gave him strength as he forced his hair to turn black again . 
 it took more willpower than any common man could understand to control the treasonous royal locks . 
 dedelin was n't sure how vivenna managed it so well . 
 poor girl never even had a childhood , he thought . 
 from birth , vivenna 's life had been pointed toward this single event . 
 his firstborn child , the girl who had always seemed like a part of himself . 
 the girl who had always made him proud ; the woman who had already earned the love and respect of her people . 
 in his mind 's eye he saw the queen she could become , stronger even than he . 
 someone who could guide them through the dark days ahead . 
 but only if she survived that long . 
 `` i will prepare myself for the trip , '' vivenna said , rising . 
 `` no , '' dedelin said . 
 yarda and vivenna both turned . 
 `` father , '' vivenna said . 
 `` if we break this treaty , it will mean war . 
 i am prepared to sacrifice for our people . 
 you taught me that . '' 
 `` you will not go , '' dedelin said firmly , turning back toward the window . 
 outside , siri was laughing with one of the stablemen . 
 dedelin could hear her outburst even from a distance ; her hair had turned a flame-colored red . 
 lord god of colors , forgive me , he thought . 
 what a terrible choice for a father to make . 
 the treaty is specific : i must send the hallandren my daughter when vivenna reaches her twenty-second birthday . 
 but it does n't actually say which daughter i am required to send . 
 if he did n't send hallandren one of his daughters , they would attack immediately . 
 if he sent the wrong one , they might be angered , but he knew they would n't attack . 
 they would wait until they had an heir . 
 that would gain idris at least nine months . 
 and ... he thought , if they were to try to use vivenna against me , i know that i would n't be able to stop myself from giving in . 
 it was shameful to admit that fact , but in the end , it was what made the decision for him . 
 dedelin turned back toward the room . 
 `` vivenna , you will not go to wed the tyrant god of our enemies . 
 i 'm sending siri in your place . '' 
 2 siri sat , stunned , in a rattling carriage , her homeland growing more and more distant with each bump and shake . 
 two days had passed , and she still did n't understand . 
 this was supposed to be vivenna 's task . 
 everybody understood that . 
 idris had thrown a celebration on the day of vivenna 's birth . 
 the king had started her classes from the day she could walk , training her in the ways of court life and politics . 
 fafen , the second daughter , had also taken the lessons in case vivenna died before the day of the wedding . 
 but not siri . 
 she 'd been redundant . 
 unimportant . 
 no more . 
 she glanced out the window . 
 her father had sent the kingdom 's nicest carriage-along with an honor guard of twenty soldiers-to bear her southward . 
 that , combined with a steward and several serving boys , made for a procession as grand as siri had ever seen . 
 it bordered on ostentation , which might have thrilled her , had it not been bearing her away from idris . 
 this is n't the way it 's supposed to be , she thought . 
 this is n't the way any of it is supposed to happen ! 
 and yet it had . 
 nothing made sense . 
 the carriage bumped , but she just sat , numb . 
 at the very least , she thought , they could have let me ride horse back , rather than forcing me to sit in this carriage . 
 but that , unfortunately , would n't have been an appropriate way to enter hallandren . 
 hallandren . 
 she felt her hair bleach white with fear . 
 she was being sent to hallandren , a kingdom her people cursed with every second breath . 
 she would n't see her father again for a long while , if ever . 
 she would n't speak with vivenna , or listen to the tutors , or be chided by mab , or ride the royal horses , or go looking for flowers in the wilderness , or work in the kitchens . 
 she 'd ... marry the god king . 
 the terror of hallandren , the monster that had never drawn a living breath . 
 in hallandren , his power was absolute . 
 he could order an execution on a whim . 
 i 'll be safe , though , wo n't i ? 
 she thought . 
 i 'll be his wife . 
 wife . 
 i 'm getting married . 
 oh austre , god of colors ... she thought , feeling sick . 
 she curled up with her legs against her chest-her hair growing so white that it seemed to shine-and lay down on the seat of the carriage , not sure if the shaking she felt was her own trembling or the carriage continuing its inexorable path southward . 
 <br/> `` father , i - '' `` please , vivenna , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i can not speak of this further . 
 go now . 
 we will converse later . '' 
 later . 
 after siri had traveled even farther away , after it would be much more difficult to bring her back . 
 yet vivenna rose . 
 she was obedient ; it was the way she had been trained . 
 that was one of the things that had always separated her from her sister . 
 she left her father 's study , closing the door behind her , then walked through the wooden palace hallways , pretending that she did n't see the stares or hear the whispers . 
 she made her way to her room-which was small and unadorned-and sat down on her bed , hands in her lap . 
 she did n't agree at all with her father 's assessment . 
 she could have done something . 
 she was to have been the god king 's bride . 
 that would have given her influence in the court . 
 everyone knew that the god king himself was distant when it came to the politics of his nation , but surely his wife could have played a role in defending the interests of her people . 
 and her father had thrown that away ? 
 he really must believe that there is nothing that can be done to stop the invasion . 
 that turned sending siri into simply another political maneuver to buy time . 
 just as idris had been doing for decades . 
 either way , if the sacrifice of a royal daughter to the hallandren was that important , then it still should have been vivenna 's place to go . 
 it had always been her duty to prepare for marriage to the god king . 
 not siri 's , not fafen 's . 
 vivenna 's . 
 in being saved , she did n't feel grateful . 
 nor did she feel that she would better serve idris by staying in bevalis . 
 if her father died , yarda would be far better suited to rule during war time than vivenna . 
 besides , ridger-vivenna 's younger brother-had been groomed as heir for years . 
 she had been preserved for no reason . 
 it seemed a punishment , in some ways . 
 she 'd listened , prepared , learned , and practiced . 
 everyone said that she was perfect . 
 why , then , was n't she good enough to serve as intended ? 
 she had no good answer for herself . 
 she could only sit and fret , hands in her lap , and face the awful truth . 
 her purpose in life had been stolen and given to another . 
 she was redundant now . 
 useless . 
 unimportant . 
 <br/> all of this , he thought as he stood , because i could n't figure out how to die . 
 standing made him just a bit dizzy . 
 it was his feast day . 
 he would lack strength until he ate . 
 servants approached carrying brilliant red and gold robes . 
 as they entered his aura , each servant-skin , hair , clothing , and garments-burst with exaggerated color . 
 the saturated hues were far more resplendent than any dye or paint could produce . 
 that was an effect of lightsong 's innate biochroma : he had enough breath to fill thousands of people . 
 he saw little value in it . 
 he could n't use it to animate objects or corpses ; he was a god , not an awakener . 
 he could n't give-or even loan-his deific breath away . 
 well , except once . 
 that would , however , kill him . 
 the servants continued their ministrations , draping him with gorgeous cloth . 
 lightsong was a good head and a half taller than anyone else in the room . 
 he was also broad of shoulders , with a muscular physique that he did n't deserve , considering the amount of time he spent idle . 
 `` did you sleep well , your grace ? '' 
 a voice asked . 
 lightsong turned . 
 llarimar , his high priest , was a tall , portly man with spectacles and a calm demeanor . 
 his hands were nearly hidden by the deep sleeves of his gold and red robe , and he carried a thick tome . 
 both robes and tome burst with color as they entered lightsong 's aura . 
 `` i slept fantastically , scoot , '' lightsong said , yawning . 
 `` a night full of nightmares and obscure dreams , as always . 
 terribly restful . '' 
 the priest raised an eyebrow . 
 `` scoot ? '' 
 `` yes , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i 've decided to give you a new nickname . 
 scoot . 
 seems to fit you , the way you 're always scooting around , poking into things . '' 
 `` i am honored , your grace , '' llarimar said , seating himself on a chair . 
 colors , lightsong thought . 
 does n't he ever get annoyed ? 
 llarimar opened his tome . 
 `` shall we begin ? '' 
 `` if we must , '' lightsong said . 
 the servants finished tying ribbons , doing up clasps , and draping silks . 
 each bowed and retreated to a side of the room . 
 llarimar picked up his quill . 
 `` what , then , do you remember of your dreams ? '' 
 `` oh , you know . '' 
 lightsong flopped back onto one of his couches , lounging . 
 `` nothing really important . '' 
 llarimar pursed his lips in displeasure . 
 other servants began to file in , bearing various dishes of food . 
 mundane , human food . 
 as a returned , lightsong did n't really need to eat such things-they would not give him strength or banish his fatigue . 
 they were just an indulgence . 
 in a short time , he would dine on something far more ... divine . 
 it would give him strength enough to live for another week . 
 `` please try to remember the dreams , your grace , '' llarimar said in his polite , yet firm , way . 
 `` no matter how unremarkable they may seem . '' 
 lightsong sighed , looking up at the ceiling . 
 it was painted with a mural , of course . 
 this one depicted three fields enclosed by stone walls . 
 it was a vision one of his predecessors had seen . 
 lightsong closed his eyes , trying to focus . 
 `` i ... was walking along a beach , '' he said . 
 `` and a ship was leaving without me . 
 i do n't know where it was going . '' 
 llarimar 's pen began to scratch quickly . 
 he was probably finding all kinds of symbolism in the memory . 
 `` were there any colors ? '' 
 the priest asked . 
 `` the ship had a red sail , '' lightsong said . 
 `` the sand was brown , of course , and the trees green . 
 for some reason , i think the ocean water was red , like the ship . '' 
 llarimar scribbled furiously-he always got excited when lightsong remembered colors . 
 lightsong opened his eyes and stared up at the ceiling and its brightly colored fields . 
 he reached over idly , plucking some cherries off a servant 's plate . 
 why should he begrudge the people his dreams ? 
 even if he found divination foolish , he had no right to complain . 
 he was remarkably fortunate . 
 he had a deific biochromatic aura , a physique that any man would envy , and enough luxury for ten kings . 
 of all the people in the world , he had the least right to be difficult . 
 it was just that ... well , he was probably the world 's only god who did n't believe in his own religion . 
 `` was there anything else to the dream , your grace ? '' 
 llarimar asked , looking up from his book . 
 `` you were there , scoot . '' 
 llarimar paused , paling just slightly . 
 `` i ... was ? '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 `` you apologized for bothering me all the time and keeping me from my debauchery . 
 then you brought me a big bottle of wine and did a dance . 
 it was really quite remarkable . '' 
 llarimar regarded him with a flat stare . 
 lightsong sighed . 
 `` no , there was nothing else . 
 just the boat . 
 even that is fading . '' 
 llarimar nodded , rising and shooing back the servants-though , of course , they remained in the room , hovering with their plates of nuts , wine , and fruit , should any of it be wanted . 
 `` shall we get on with it then , your grace ? '' 
 llarimar asked . 
 lightsong sighed , then rose , exhausted . 
 a servant scuttled forward to redo one of the clasps on his robe , which had come undone as he sat . 
 lightsong fell into step beside llarimar , towering at least a foot over the priest . 
 the furniture and doorways , however , were built to fit lightsong 's increased size , so it was the servants and priests who seemed out of place . 
 they passed from room to room , using no hallways . 
 hallways were for servants , and they ran in a square around the outside of the building . 
 lightsong walked on plush rugs from the northern nations , passing the finest pottery from across the inner sea . 
 each room was hung with paintings and gracefully calligraphed poems , created by hallandren 's finest artists . 
 at the center of the palace was a small , square room that deviated from the standard reds and golds of lightsong 's motif . 
 this one was bright with ribbons of darker colors-deep blues , greens , and blood reds . 
 each was a true color , directly on hue , as only a person who had attained the third heightening could distinguish . 
 as lightsong stepped into the room , the colors blazed to life . 
 they became brighter , more intense , yet somehow remained dark . 
 the maroon became a more true maroon , the navy a more powerful navy . 
 dark yet bright , a contrast only breath could inspire . 
 in the center of the room was a child . 
 why does it always have to be a child ? 
 lightsong thought . 
 llarimar and the servants waited . 
 lightsong stepped forward , and the little girl glanced to the side , where a couple of priests stood in red and gold robes . 
 they nodded encouragingly . 
 the girl looked back toward lightsong , obviously nervous . 
 `` here now , '' lightsong said , trying to sound encouraging . 
 `` there 's nothing to fear . '' 
 and yet , the girl trembled . 
 lecture after lecture-delivered by llarimar , who had claimed that they were not lectures , for one did not lecture gods-drifted through lightsong 's head . 
 there was nothing to fear from the returned gods of the hallandren . 
 the gods were a blessing . 
 they provided visions of the future , as well as leadership and wisdom . 
 all they needed to subsist was one thing . 
 breath . 
 lightsong hesitated , but his weakness was coming to a head . 
 he felt dizzy . 
 cursing himself quietly , he knelt down on one knee , taking the girl 's face in his oversized hands . 
 she began to cry , but she said the words , clear and distinct as she had been taught . 
 `` my life to yours . 
 my breath become yours . '' 
 her breath flowed out , puffing in the air . 
 it traveled along lightsong 's arm-the touch was necessary-and he drew it in . 
 his weakness vanished , the dizziness evaporated . 
 both were replaced with crisp clarity . 
 he felt invigorated , revitalized , alive . 
 the girl grew dull . 
 the color of her lips and eyes faded slightly . 
 her brown hair lost some of its luster ; her cheeks became more bland . 
 it 's nothing , he thought . 
 most people say they ca n't even tell that their breath is gone . 
 she 'll live a full life . 
 happy . 
 her family will be well paid for her sacrifice . 
 and lightsong would live for another week . 
 his aura did n't grow stronger from breath upon which he fed ; that was another difference between a returned and an awakener . 
 the latter were sometimes regarded as inferior , man-made approximations of the returned . 
 without a new breath each week , lightsong would die . 
 many returned outside of hallandren lived only eight days . 
 yet with a donated breath a week , a returned could continue to live , never aging , seeing visions at night which would supposedly provide divinations of the future . 
 hence the court of the gods , filled with its palaces , where gods could be nurtured , protected , and-most importantly-fed . 
 priests hustled forward to lead the girl out of the room . 
 it is nothing to her , lightsong told himself again . 
 nothing at all ... . 
 her eyes met his as she left , and he could see that the twinkle was gone from them . 
 she had become a drab . 
 a dull , or a faded one . 
 a person without breath . 
 it would never grow back . 
 the priests took her away . 
 lightsong turned to llarimar , feeling guilty at his sudden energy . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` let 's see the offerings . '' 
 llarimar raised an eyebrow over his bespectacled eyes . 
 `` you 're accommodating all of a sudden . '' 
 i need to give something back , lightsong thought . 
 even if it 's something useless . 
 they passed through several more rooms of red and gold , most of which were perfectly square with doors on all four sides . 
 near the eastern side of the palace , they entered a long , thin room . 
 it was completely white , something very unusual in hallandren . 
 the walls were lined with paintings and poems . 
 the servants stayed outside ; only llarimar joined lightsong as he stepped up to the first painting . 
 `` well ? '' 
 llarimar asked . 
 it was a pastoral painting of the jungle , with drooping palms and colorful flowers . 
 there were some of these plants in the gardens around the court of gods , which was why lightsong recognized them . 
 he 'd never actually been to the jungle-at least , not during this incarnation of his life . 
 `` the painting is all right , '' lightsong said . 
 `` not my favorite . 
 makes me think of the outside . 
 i wish i could visit . '' 
 llarimar looked at him quizzically . 
 `` what ? '' 
 lightsong said . 
 `` the court gets old sometimes . '' 
 `` there is n't much wine in the forest , your grace . '' 
 `` i could make some . 
 ferment ... something . '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' llarimar said , nodding to one of his aides outside the room . 
 the lesser priest scribbled down what lightsong had said about the painting . 
 somewhere , there was a city patron who sought a blessing from lightsong . 
 it probably had to do with bravery-perhaps the patron was planning to propose marriage , or maybe he was a merchant about to sign a risky business deal . 
 the priests would interpret lightsong 's opinion of the painting , then give the person an augury-either for good or for ill-along with the exact words lightsong had said . 
 either way , the act of sending a painting to the god would gain the patron some measure of good fortune . 
 supposedly . 
 lightsong moved away from the painting . 
 a lesser priest rushed forward , removing it . 
 most likely , the patron had n't painted it himself , but had instead commissioned it . 
 the better a painting was , the better a reaction it tended to get from the gods . 
 one 's future , it seemed , could be influenced by how much one could pay one 's artist . 
 i should n't be so cynical , lightsong thought . 
 without this system , i 'd have died five years ago . 
 five years ago he had died , even if he still did n't know what had killed him . 
 had it really been a heroic death ? 
 perhaps nobody was allowed to talk about his former life because they did n't want anyone to know that lightsong the bold had actually died from a stomach cramp . 
 to the side , the lesser priest disappeared with the jungle painting . 
 it would be burned . 
 such offerings were made specifically for the intended god , and only he-besides a few of his priests-was allowed to see them . 
 lightsong moved along to the next work of art on the wall . 
 it was actually a poem , written in the artisan 's script . 
 the dots of color brightened as lightsong approached . 
 the hallandren artisan 's script was a specialized system of writing that was n't based on form , but on color . 
 each colored dot represented a different sound in hallandren 's language . 
 combined with some double dots-one of each color-it created an alphabet that was a nightmare for the colorblind . 
 few people in hallandren would admit to having that particular ailment . 
 at least , that was what lightsong had heard . 
 he wondered if the priests knew just how much their gods gossiped about the outside world . 
 the poem was n't a very good one , obviously composed by a peasant who had then paid someone else to translate it to the artisan 's script . 
 the simple dots were a sign of this . 
 true poets used more elaborate symbols , continuous lines that changed color or colorful glyphs that formed pictures . 
 a lot could be done with symbols that could change shape without losing their meaning . 
 getting the colors right was a delicate art , one that required the third heightening or better to perfect . 
 that was the level of breath at which a person gained the ability to sense perfect hues of color , just as the second heightening gave someone perfect pitch . 
 returned were of the fifth heightening . 
 lightsong did n't know what it was like to live without the ability to instantly recognize exact shades of color and sound . 
 he could tell an ideal red from one that had been mixed with even one drop of white paint . 
 he gave the peasant 's poem as good a review as he could , though he generally felt an impulse to be honest when he looked at offerings . 
 it seemed his duty , and for some reason it was one of the few things he took seriously . 
 they continued down the line , lightsong giving reviews of the various paintings and poems . 
 the wall was remarkably full this day . 
 was there a feast or celebration he had n't heard about ? 
 by the time they neared the end of the line , lightsong was tired of looking at art , though his body-fueled by the child 's breath-continued to feel strong and exhilarated . 
 he stopped before the final painting . 
 it was an abstract work , a style that was growing more and more popular lately-particularly in paintings sent to him , since he 'd given favorable reviews to others in the past . 
 he almost gave this one a poor grade simply because of that . 
 it was good to keep the priests guessing at what would please him , or so some of the gods said . 
 lightsong sensed that many of them were far more calculating in the way that they gave their reviews , intentionally adding cryptic meanings . 
 lightsong did n't have the patience for such tricks , especially since all anyone ever really seemed to want from him was honesty . 
 he gave this last painting the time it deserved . 
 the canvas was thick with paint , every inch colored with large , fat strokes of the brush . 
 the predominant hue was a deep red , almost a crimson , that lightsong immediately knew was a red-blue mixture with a hint of black in it . 
 the lines of color overlapped , one atop another , almost in a progression . 
 kind of like ... waves . 
 lightsong frowned . 
 if he looked at it right , it looked like a sea . 
 and could that be a ship in the center ? 
 vague impressions from his dream returned to him . 
 a red sea . 
 the ship , leaving . 
 i 'm imagining things , he told himself . 
 `` good color , '' he said . 
 `` nice patterns . 
 it puts me at peace , yet has a tension to it as well . 
 i approve . '' 
 llarimar seemed to like this response . 
 he nodded as the lesser priest-who stood a distance away-recorded lightsong 's words . 
 `` so , '' lightsong said . 
 `` that 's it , i assume ? '' 
 `` yes , your grace . '' 
 one duty left , he thought . 
 now that offerings were done , it would be time to move on to the final-and least appealing-of his daily tasks . 
 petitions . 
 he had to get through them before he could get to more important activities , like taking a nap . 
 llarimar did n't lead the way toward the petition hall , however . 
 he simply waved a lesser priest over , then began to flip through some pages on a clipboard . 
 `` well ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` well what , your grace ? '' 
 `` petitions . '' 
 llarimar shook his head . 
 `` you are n't hearing petitions today , your grace . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i have you to remember things like that for me . '' 
 `` well , then , '' llarimar said , flipping a page over , `` consider it officially remembered that you have no petitions today . 
 your priests will be otherwise employed . '' 
 `` they will ? '' 
 lightsong demanded . 
 `` doing what ? '' 
 `` kneeling reverently in the courtyard , your grace . 
 our new queen arrives today . '' 
 lightsong froze . 
 i really need to pay more attention to politics . 
 `` today ? '' 
 `` indeed , your grace . 
 our lord the god king will be married . '' 
 `` so soon ? '' 
 `` as soon as she arrives , your grace . '' 
 interesting , lightsong thought . 
 susebron getting a wife . 
 the god king was the only one of the returned who could marry . 
 returned could n't produce children-save , of course , for the king , who had never drawn a breath as a living man . 
 lightsong had always found the distinction odd . 
 `` your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` we will need a lifeless command in order to arrange our troops on the field outside the city to welcome the queen . '' 
 lightsong raised an eyebrow . 
 `` we plan to attack her ? '' 
 llarimar gave him a stern look . 
 lightsong chuckled . 
 `` fledgling fruit , '' he said , giving up one of the command phrases that would let others control the city 's lifeless . 
 it was n't the core command , of course . 
 the phrase he 'd given to llarimar would allow a person to control the lifeless only in noncombat situations , and it would expire one day after its first use . 
 lightsong often thought that the convoluted system of commands used to control the lifeless was needlessly complex . 
 however , being one of the four gods to hold lifeless commands did make him rather important at times . 
 the priests began to chat quietly about preparations . 
 lightsong waited , still thinking about susebron and the impending wedding . 
 he folded his arms and rested against the side of the doorway . 
 `` scoot ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , your grace ? '' 
 `` did i have a wife ? 
 before i died , i mean . '' 
 llarimar hesitated . 
 `` you know i can not speak of your life before your return , lightsong . 
 knowledge of your past wo n't do anyone any good . '' 
 lightsong leaned his head back , resting it against the wall , looking up at the white ceiling . 
 `` i ... remember a face , sometimes , '' he said softly . 
 `` a beautiful , youthful face . 
 i think it might have been her . '' 
 the priests hushed . 
 `` inviting brown hair , '' lightsong said . 
 `` red lips , three shades shy of the seventh harmonic , with a deep beauty . 
 dark tan skin . '' 
 a priest scuttled forward with the red tome , and llarimar started writing furiously . 
 he did n't prompt lightsong for more information , but simply took down the god 's words as they came . 
 lightsong fell silent , turning away from the men and their scribbling pens . 
 what does it matter ? 
 he thought . 
 that life is gone . 
 instead , i get to be a god . 
 regardless of my belief in the religion itself , the perks are nice . 
 he walked away , trailed by a retinue of servants and lesser priests who would see to his needs . 
 offerings done , dreams recorded , and petitions canceled , lightsong was free to pursue his own activities . 
 he did n't return to his main chambers . 
 instead , he made his way out onto his patio deck and waved for a pavilion to be set up for him . 
 if a new queen was going to arrive today , he wanted to get a good look at her . 
 4 siri 's carriage rolled to a stop outside of t'telir , capital of hallandren . 
 she stared out the window and realized something very , very intimidating : her people had no idea what it meant to be ostentatious . 
 flowers were n't ostentatious . 
 ten soldiers protecting a carriage was not ostentatious . 
 throwing a tantrum in public was n't ostentatious . 
 the field of forty thousand soldiers , dressed in brilliant blue and gold , standing in perfect rows , spears raised high with blue tassels flapping in the wind ... that was ostentatious . 
 the twin line of cavalrymen atop enormous , thick-hoofed horses , both men and beasts draped with golden cloth that shimmered in the sun . 
 that was ostentatious . 
 the massive city , so large it made her mind numb to consider it , domes and spires and painted walls all competing to draw her attention . 
 that was ostentatious . 
 she 'd thought that she was prepared . 
 the carriage had passed through cities as they 'd made their way to t'telir . 
 she 'd seen the painted houses , the bright colors and patterns . 
 she 'd stayed at inns with plush beds . 
 she 'd eaten foods mixed with spices that made her sneeze . 
 she had n't been prepared for her reception at t'telir . 
 not at all . 
 blessed lord of colors ... she thought . 
 her soldiers pulled in tight around the carriage , as if wishing they could climb inside and hide from the overwhelming sight . 
 t'telir was built up against the shore of the bright sea , a large but landlocked body of water . 
 she could see it in the distance , reflecting the sunlight , strikingly true to its name . 
 a figure in blue and silver rode up to her carriage . 
 his deep robes were n't simple , like the monks wore back in idris . 
 these had massive , peaked shoulders that almost made the costume look like armor . 
 he wore a matching headdress . 
 that , combined with the brilliant colors and complex layers of the robes , made siri 's hair pale to an intimidated white . 
 the figure bowed . 
 `` lady sisirinah royal , '' the man said in a deep voice , `` i am treledees , high priest of his immortal majesty , susebron the grand , returned god and king of hallandren . 
 you will accept this token honor guard to guide you to the court of gods . '' 
 token ? 
 siri thought . 
 the priest did n't wait for a response , he just turned his horse and started back down the highway toward the city . 
 her carriage rolled after him , her soldiers marching uncomfortably around the vehicle . 
 the jungle gave way to sporadic bunches of palm trees , and siri was surprised to see how much sand was mixed with the soil . 
 her view of the landscape soon grew obstructed by the vast field of soldiers who stood at attention on either side of the road . 
 `` austre , god of colors ! '' 
 one of siri 's guards whispered . 
 `` they 're lifeless ! '' 
 siri 's hair-which had begun to drift to auburn-snapped back to fearful white . 
 he was right . 
 under their colorful uniforms , the hallandren troops were a dull grey . 
 their eyes , their skin , even their hair : all had been drained completely of color , leaving behind a monochrome . 
 those ca n't be lifeless ! 
 she thought . 
 they look like men ! 
 she 'd imagined lifeless as skeletal creatures , the flesh rotting and falling from the bones . 
 they were , after all , men who had died , then been brought back to life as mindless soldiers . 
 but these that she passed looked so human . 
 there was nothing to distinguish them save for their lack of color and the stiff expressions on their faces . 
 that , and the fact that they stood unnaturally motionless . 
 no shuffling , no breathing , no quivers of muscle or limb . 
 even their eyes were still . 
 they seemed like statues , particularly considering their grey skin . 
 and ... i 'm going to marry one of these things ? 
 siri thought . 
 but no , returned were different from lifeless , and both were different from drabs , which were people who had lost their breath . 
 she could vaguely remember a time when someone back in her village had returned . 
 it had been nearly ten years back , and her father had n't let her visit the man . 
 she did recall that he 'd been able to speak and interact with his family , even if he had n't been able to remember them . 
 he 'd died again a week later . 
 eventually , her carriage passed through the ranks of lifeless . 
 the city walls were next ; they were immense and daunting , yet they almost looked more artistic than functional . 
 the wall 's top was curved in massive half-circles , like rolling hills , and the rim was plated with a golden metal . 
 the gates themselves were in the form of two twisting , lithe sea creatures who curved up in a massive archway . 
 siri passed through them , and the guard of hallandren cavalrymen-who appeared to be living men-accompanied her . 
 she had always thought of hallandren as a place of death . 
 her impressions were based on stories told by passing ramblemen or by old women at the winter hearth . 
 they spoke of city walls built from skulls , then painted with sloppy , ugly streaks of color . 
 she 'd imagined the buildings inside splattered with different clashing hues . 
 obscene . 
 she 'd been wrong . 
 true , there was an arrogance to t'telir . 
 each new wonder seemed as if it wanted to grab her attention and shake her about by her eyes . 
 people lined the street-more people than siri had seen in her entire life-crowding together to watch her carriage . 
 if there were poor among them , siri could n't tell , for they all wore brightly colored clothing . 
 some did have more exaggerated outfits-probably merchants , since hallandren was said to have no nobility beyond its gods-but even the simplest of clothing had a cheerful brightness to it . 
 many of the painted buildings did clash , but none of it was sloppy . 
 there was a sense of craftsmanship and art to everything from the storefronts , to the people , to the statues of mighty soldiers that frequently stood on corners . 
 it was terribly overwhelming . 
 garish . 
 a vibrant , enthusiastic garishness . 
 siri found herself smiling-her hair turning a tentative blond-though she felt a headache coming on . 
 maybe ... maybe this is why father sent me , siri thought . 
 training or no training , vivenna would never have fit in here . 
 but i 've always been far too interested in color . 
 her father was a good king with good instincts . 
 what if-after twenty years of raising and training vivenna-he had come to the conclusion that she was n't the right one to help idris ? 
 was that why , for the first time in their lives , father had chosen siri over vivenna ? 
 but , if that 's true , what am i supposed to do ? 
 she knew that her people feared hallandren would invade idris , but she could n't see her father sending one of his daughters if he believed war was close . 
 perhaps he hoped that she 'd be able to help ease the tensions between the kingdoms ? 
 that possibility only added to her anxiety . 
 duty was something unfamiliar to her , and not a little unsettling . 
 her father trusted her with the very fate and lives of their people . 
 she could n't run , escape , or hide . 
 particularly from her own wedding . 
 as her hair twinged white with fear at what was coming , she diverted her attention to the city again . 
 it was n't hard to let it take her attention . 
 it was enormous , sprawling like a tired beast curled around and over hills . 
 as the carriage climbed the southern section of town , she could see-through gaps in the buildings-that the bright sea broke into a bay before the city . 
 t'telir curved around the bay , running right up to the water , forming a crescent shape . 
 the city wall , then , only had to run in a half-circle , abutting the sea , keeping the city boxed in . 
 it did n't seem cramped . 
 there was a lot of open space in the city-malls and gardens , large swaths of unused land . 
 palms lined many of the streets and other foliage was common . 
 plus , with the cool breeze coming over the sea , the air was a lot more temperate than she had expected . 
 the road led up to a seaside overlook within the city , a small plateau that had an excellent view . 
 except the entire plateau was surrounded by a large , obstructive wall . 
 siri watched with growing apprehension as the gates to this smaller city-within-a-city opened up to let the carriage , soldiers , and priests enter . 
 the common people stayed outside . 
 there was another wall inside , a barrier to keep anyone from seeing in through the gate . 
 the procession turned left and rounded the blinding wall , entering the hallandren court of gods : an enclosed , lawn-covered courtyard . 
 several dozen enormous mansions dominated the enclosure , each one painted a distinct color . 
 at the far end of the court was a massive black structure , much taller than the other buildings . 
 the walled courtyard was quiet and still . 
 siri could see figures sitting on balconies , watching her carriage roll across the grass . 
 in front of each of the palaces , a crew of men and women knelt prostrate on the grass . 
 the color of their clothing matched that of their building , but siri spared little time to study them . 
 instead , she nervously peered at the large , black structure . 
 it was pyramidal , formed of giant steplike blocks . 
 black , she thought . 
 in a city of color . 
 her hair paled even further . 
 she suddenly wished she were more devout . 
 she doubted austre was all that pleased with her outbursts , and most days she even had trouble naming the five visions . 
 but he 'd watch over her for the sake of her people , would n't he ? 
 the procession pulled to a stop at the base of the enormous triangular building . 
 siri looked up through the carriage window at the shelves and knobs at the summit , which made the architecture seem top-heavy . 
 she felt as if the dark blocks would come tumbling down in an avalanche to bury her . 
 the priest rode his horse back up to siri 's window . 
 the cavalrymen waited quietly , the shuffling of their beasts the only sound in the massive , open courtyard . 
 `` we have arrived , vessel , '' the man said . 
 `` as soon as we enter the building , you will be prepared and taken to your husband . '' 
 `` husband ? '' 
 siri asked uncomfortably . 
 `` wo n't there be a wedding ceremony ? '' 
 the priest smirked . 
 `` the god king does not need ceremonial justification . 
 you became his wife the moment he desired it . '' 
 siri shivered . 
 `` i was just hoping that maybe i could see him , before , you know ... '' the priest shot her a harsh look . 
 `` the god king does not perform for your whims , woman . 
 you are blessed above all others , for you will be allowed to touch him-if only at his discretion . 
 do not pretend that you are anything other than you are . 
 you have come because he desires it , and you will obey . 
 otherwise , you will be put aside and another will chosen in your place-which , i think , might bode unfavorably for your rebel friends in the highlands . '' 
 the priest turned his horse , then clopped his way toward a large stone ramp , leading up to the building . 
 the carriage lurched into motion , and siri was drawn toward her fate . 
 5 this will complicate things , vasher thought , standing in the shadows atop the wall that enclosed the court of gods . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 nightblood asked . 
 so the rebels actually sent a princess . 
 does n't change your plans . 
 vasher waited , watching , as the new queen 's carriage crept up the incline and disappeared into the palace 's maw . 
 what ? 
 nightblood demanded . 
 even after all of these years , the sword reacted like a child in many ways . 
 she 'll be used , vasher thought . 
 i doubt we 'll be able to get through this without dealing with her . 
 he had n't believed that the idrians would actually send royal blood back to t'telir . 
 they 'd given up a pawn of terrible value . 
 vasher turned away from the court , wrapping his sandaled foot around one of the banners that ran down the outside of the wall . 
 then he released his breath . 
 `` lower me , '' he commanded . 
 the large tapestry-woven from wool threads-sucked hundreds of breaths from him . 
 it had n't the form of a man , and it was massive in size , but vasher now had enough breath to spend in such extravagant awakenings . 
 the tapestry twisted , a thing alive , and formed a hand , which picked vasher up . 
 as always , the awakening tried to imitate the form of a human-looking closely at the twistings and undulations of the fabric , vasher could see outlines of muscles and even veins . 
 there was no need for them ; the breath animated the fabric , and no muscles were necessary for it to move . 
 the tapestry carefully carried vasher down , pinching him by one shoulder , placing his feet on the street . 
 `` your breath to mine , '' vasher commanded . 
 the large banner-tapestry lost its animate form immediately , life vanishing , and it fluttered back against the wall . 
 some few people paused in the street , yet they were interested , not awed . 
 this was t'telir , home of the gods themselves . 
 men with upward of a thousand breaths were uncommon , but not unheard of . 
 the people gawked-as peasants in other kingdoms might pause to watch the carriage of a passing lord-but then they moved on with their daily activities . 
 the attention was unavoidable . 
 though vasher still dressed in his usual outfit-ragged trousers , well-worn cloak despite the heat , a rope wrapped several times around his waist for a belt-he now caused colors to brighten dramatically when he was near . 
 the change would be noticeable to normal people and blatantly obvious to those of the first heightening . 
 his days of being able to hide and skulk were gone . 
 he 'd have to grow accustomed to being noticed again . 
 that was one of the reasons he was glad to be in t'telir . 
 the city was large enough and filled with enough oddities-from lifeless soldiers to awakened objects serving everyday functions-that he probably would n't stand out too much . 
 of course , that did n't take nightblood into account . 
 vasher moved through the crowds , carrying the overly heavy sword in one hand , sheathed point nearly dragging on the ground behind him . 
 some people shied away from the sword immediately . 
 others watched it , eyes lingering far too long . 
 perhaps it was time to stuff nightblood back in the pack . 
 oh , no you do n't , nightblood said . 
 do n't even start thinking about that . 
 i 've been locked away for too long . 
 what does it matter to you ? 
 vasher thought . 
 i need fresh air , nightblood said . 
 and sunlight . 
 you 're a sword , vasher thought , not a palm tree . 
 nightblood fell silent . 
 he was smart enough to realize that he was not a person , but he did n't like being confronted with that fact . 
 it tended to put him in a sullen mood . 
 that suited vasher just fine . 
 he made his way to a restaurant a few streets down from the court of gods . 
 this was one thing he had missed about t'telir : restaurants . 
 in most cities , there were few dining options . 
 if you intended to stay for a while , you hired a local woman to give you meals at her table . 
 if you stayed a short time , you ate what your innkeeper gave you . 
 in t'telir , however , the population was large enough-and rich enough-to support dedicated food providers . 
 restaurants still had n't caught on in the rest of the world , but in t'telir , they were commonplace . 
 vasher already had a booth reserved , and the waiter nodded him to the spot . 
 vasher settled himself , leaving nightblood up against the wall . 
 the sword was stolen within a minute of his letting go of it . 
 vasher ignored the thievery , thoughtful as the waiter brought him a warm cup of citrus tea . 
 vasher sipped at the sweetened liquid , sucking on the bit of rind , wondering why in the world a people who lived in a tropical lowland preferred heated teas . 
 after a few minutes , his life sense warned him that he was being watched . 
 eventually , that same sense alerted him that someone was approaching . 
 vasher slipped his dagger from his belt with his free hand as he sipped . 
 the priest sat down opposite vasher in the booth . 
 he wore street clothing , rather than religious robes . 
 however-perhaps unconsciously-he had still chosen to wear the white and green of his deity . 
 vasher slipped his dagger back into its sheath , masking the sound by taking a loud sip . 
 the priest , bebid , looked about nervously . 
 he had enough of a breath aura to indicate that he 'd reached the first heightening . 
 it was where most people-those who could afford to buy breath-stopped . 
 that much breath would extend their lifespan by a good decade or so and give them an increased life sense . 
 it would also let them see breath auras and distinguish other awakeners , and-in a pinch-let them do a little awakening themselves . 
 a decent trade for spending enough money to feed a peasant family for fifty years . 
 `` well ? '' 
 vasher asked . 
 bebid actually jumped at the sound . 
 vasher sighed , closing his eyes . 
 the priest was not accustomed to these kinds of clandestine meetings . 
 he would n't have come at all , had vasher not exerted certain ... pressures on him . 
 vasher opened his eyes , staring at the priest as the waiter arrived with two plates of spiced rice . 
 tektees food was the restaurant 's specialty-the hallandren liked foreign spices as much as they liked odd colors . 
 vasher had placed the order earlier , along with a payment that would keep the surrounding booths empty . 
 `` well ? '' 
 vasher repeated . 
 `` i ... '' bebid said . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i have n't been able to find out much . '' 
 vasher regarded the man with a stern stare . 
 `` you have to give me more time . '' 
 `` remember your indiscretions , friend , '' vasher said , drinking the last of his tea , feeling a twinge of annoyance . 
 `` would n't want news of those getting out , would we ? '' 
 do we have to go through this again ? 
 bebid was quiet for a time . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're asking , vasher , '' he said , leaning in . 
 `` i 'm a priest of brightvison the true . 
 i ca n't betray my oaths ! '' 
 `` good thing i 'm not asking you to . '' 
 `` we 're not supposed to release information about court politics . '' 
 `` bah , '' vasher snapped . 
 `` those returned ca n't so much as look at one another without half of the city learning about it within the hour . '' 
 `` surely you 're not implying - '' bebid said . 
 vasher gritted his teeth , bending his spoon with his finger in annoyance . 
 `` enough , bebid ! 
 we both know that your oaths are all just part of the game . '' 
 he leaned in . 
 `` and i really hate games . '' 
 bebid paled and did n't touch his meal . 
 vasher eyed his spoon with annoyance , then bent it back , calming himself . 
 he shoveled in a spoonful of rice , mouth burning from the spices . 
 he 'd did n't believe in letting food sit around uneaten-you never knew when you 'd have to leave in a hurry . 
 `` there have been ... rumors , '' bebid finally said . 
 `` this goes beyond simple court politics , vasher-beyond games played between gods . 
 this is something very real , and very quiet . 
 quiet enough that even observant priests only hear hints of it . '' 
 vasher continued to eat . 
 `` there is a faction of the court pushing to attack idris , '' bebid said . 
 `` though i ca n't fathom why . '' 
 `` do n't be an idiot , '' vasher said , wishing he had more tea to wash down the rice . 
 `` we both know hallandren has sound reasons to slaughter every person up in those highlands . '' 
 `` royals , '' bebid said . 
 vasher nodded . 
 they were called rebels , but those `` rebels '' were the true hallandren royal family . 
 mortal men though they might be , their bloodline was a challenge to the court of gods . 
 any good monarch knew that the first thing you did to stabilize your throne was execute anyone who had a better claim to it than you did . 
 after that , it was usually a good idea to execute everyone who thought they might have claim . 
 `` so , '' vasher said . 
 `` you fight , hallandren wins . 
 what 's the problem ? '' 
 `` it 's a bad idea , that 's the problem , '' bebid said . 
 `` a terrible idea . 
 kalad 's phantoms , man ! 
 idris wo n't go easily , no matter what people in the court say . 
 this wo n't be like squashing that fool vahr . 
 the idrians have allies from across the mountains and the sympathies of dozens of kingdoms . 
 what some are calling a ` simple quelling of rebel factions ' could easily spin into another manywar . 
 do you want that ? 
 thousands upon thousands dead ? 
 kingdoms falling to never rise again ? 
 all so we can grab a little bit of frozen land nobody really wants . '' 
 `` the trade passes are valuable , '' vasher noted . 
 bebid snorted . 
 `` the idrians are n't foolish enough to raise their tariffs too high . 
 this is n't about money . 
 it 's about fear . 
 people in the court talk about what might happen if the idrians cut off the passes or what may happen if the idrians let enemies slip through and besiege t'telir . 
 if this were about money , we 'd never go to war . 
 hallandren thrives on its dye and textiles trade . 
 you think that business would boom in war ? 
 we 'd be lucky not to suffer a full economic collapse . '' 
 `` and you assume that i care about hallandren 's economic well-being ? '' 
 vasher asked . 
 `` ah , yes , '' bebid said dryly . 
 `` i forgot who i was talking to . 
 what do you want , then ? 
 tell me so we can get this over with . '' 
 `` tell me about the rebels , '' vasher said , chewing on rice . 
 `` the idrians ? 
 we just talked - '' `` not them , '' vasher said . 
 `` the ones in the city . '' 
 `` they 're unimportant now that vahr is dead , '' the priest said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` nobody knows who killed him , by the way . 
 probably the rebels themselves . 
 guess they did n't appreciate his getting himself captured , eh ? '' 
 vasher said nothing . 
 `` is that all you want ? '' 
 bebid said impatiently . 
 `` i need to contact the factions you mentioned , '' vasher said . 
 `` the ones who are pushing for war against idris . '' 
 `` i wo n't help you enrage the - '' `` do not presume to tell me what to do , bebid . 
 just give me the information you promised , and you can be free of all this . '' 
 `` vasher , '' bebid said , leaning in even further . 
 `` i ca n't help . 
 my lady is n't interested in these kinds of politics , and i move in the wrong circles . '' 
 vasher ate some more , judging the man 's sincerity . 
 `` all right . 
 who , then ? '' 
 bebid relaxed , using his napkin to wipe his brow . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` maybe one of mercystar 's priests ? 
 you could also try bluefingers , i suppose . '' 
 `` bluefingers ? 
 that 's an odd name for a god . '' 
 `` bluefingers is n't a god , '' bebid said , chuckling . 
 `` that 's just a nickname . 
 he 's the high place steward , head of the scribes . 
 he pretty much keeps the court running ; if anyone knows anything about this faction , it will be him . 
 of course , he 's so stiff and straight , you 'll have a hard time breaking him . '' 
 `` you 'd be surprised , '' vasher said , shoveling the last bit of rice into his mouth . 
 `` i got you , did n't i ? '' 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 vasher stood . 
 `` pay the waiter when you leave , '' he said , grabbing his cloak off its peg and wandering out . 
 he could feel a ... darkness to his right . 
 he walked down the street , then turned down an alley , where he found nightblood-still sheathed-sticking from the chest of the thief who had stolen him . 
 another cutpurse lay dead on the alley floor . 
 vasher pulled the sword free , then snapped the sheath closed-it had only been opened a fraction of an inch-and did up the clasp . 
 you lost your temper in there for a bit , nightblood said with a chastising tone . 
 i thought you were going to work on that . 
 guess i 'm relapsing , vasher thought . 
 nightblood paused . 
 i do n't think you ever really unlapsed in the first place . 
 that 's not a word , vasher said , leaving the alley . 
 so ? 
 nightblood said . 
 you 're too worried about words . 
 that priest-you spent all those words on him , then you just let him go . 
 it 's not really how i would have handled the situation . 
 yes , i know , vasher said . 
 your way would have involved making several more corpses . 
 well , i am a sword , nightblood said with a mental huff . 
 might as well stick to what you 're good at ... . 
 <br/> lightsong shook his head , trying to dispel the phantom memories . 
 the ship he 'd seen in his dream had been burning too , he now remembered . 
 it did n't have to mean anything ; everyone had nightmares . 
 but it made him uncomfortable to know that his nightmares were seen as prophetic omens . 
 llarimar was still standing beside lightsong 's chair , watching the god king 's palace . 
 `` oh , sit down and stop looming over me , '' lightsong said . 
 `` you 're making the buzzards jealous . '' 
 llarimar raised an eyebrow . 
 `` and which buzzards would that be , your grace ? '' 
 `` the ones who keep pushing for us to go to war , '' lightsong said waving a hand . 
 the priest sat down on one of the patio 's wooden recliners and relaxed as he sat , removing the bulky miter from his head . 
 underneath , llarimar 's dark hair was plastered to his head with sweat . 
 he ran his hand through it . 
 during the first few years , llarimar had remained stiff and formal at all the times . 
 eventually , however , lightsong had worn him down . 
 after all , lightsong was the god . 
 in his opinion , if he could lounge on the job , then so could his priests . 
 `` i do n't know , your grace , '' llarimar said slowly , rubbing his chin . 
 `` i do n't like this . '' 
 `` the queen 's arrival ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 llarimar nodded . 
 `` we have n't had a queen in the court for some thirty years . 
 i do n't know how the factions will deal with her . '' 
 lightsong rubbed his forehead . 
 `` politics , llarimar ? 
 you know i frown on such things . '' 
 llarimar eyed him . 
 `` your grace , you are-by default-a politician . '' 
 `` do n't remind me , please . 
 i should very well like to extract myself from the situation . 
 do you think , perhaps , i could bribe one of the other gods to take control of my lifeless commands ? '' 
 `` i doubt that would be wise , '' llarimar said . 
 `` it 's all part of my master plan to insure that i become totally and redundantly useless to this city by the time i die . 
 again . '' 
 llarimar cocked his head . 
 `` redundantly useless ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 regular uselessness would n't be enough-i am , after all , a god . '' 
 he took a handful of grapes from a servant 's tray , still trying to dismiss his dream 's disturbing images . 
 they did n't mean anything . 
 just dreams . 
 even so , he decided he would tell llarimar about them the next morning . 
 perhaps llarimar could use the dreams to help push for peace with idris . 
 if old dedelin had n't sent his firstborn daughter , it would mean more debates in the court . 
 more talk of war . 
 this princess 's arrival should have settled it , but knew that the war hawks among the gods would not let the issue die . 
 `` still , '' llarimar said , as if talking to himself . 
 `` they did send someone . 
 that is a good sign , surely . 
 an outright refusal would have meant war for certain . '' 
 `` and whoever certain is , i doubt we should have a war for him , '' lightsong said idly , inspecting a grape . 
 `` war is , in my divine opinion , even worse than politics . '' 
 `` some say the two are the same , your grace . '' 
 `` nonsense . 
 war is far worse . 
 at least where politics is going on , there are usually nice hors d'oeuvres . '' 
 as usual , llarimar ignored lightsong 's witty remarks . 
 lightsong would have been offended if he had n't known there were three separate lesser priests standing at the back of the patio , recording his words , searching for wisdom and meaning within them . 
 `` what will the idrian rebels do now , do you think ? '' 
 llarimar asked . 
 `` here 's the thing , scoot , '' lightsong said , leaning back , closing his eyes and feeling the sun on his face . 
 `` the idrians do n't consider themselves to be rebels . 
 they 're not sitting up in their hills , waiting for the day when they can return in triumph to hallandren . 
 this is n't their home anymore . '' 
 `` those peaks are hardly a kingdom . '' 
 `` they 're enough of a kingdom to control the area 's best mineral deposits , four vital passes to the north , and the original royal line of the original hallandren dynasty . 
 they do n't need us , my friend . '' 
 `` and the talk of idrian dissidents in the city , ones rousing the people against the court of gods ? '' 
 `` rumors only , '' lightsong said . 
 `` though , when i 'm proven wrong and the underprivileged masses storm my palace and burn me at the stake , i 'll be sure to inform them that you were right all along . 
 you 'll get the last laugh . 
 or ... well , the last scream , since you 'll probably be tied up beside me . '' 
 llarimar sighed , and lightsong opened his eyes to find the priest regarding him with a contemplative expression . 
 the priest did n't chastise lightsong for his levity . 
 llarimar just reached down , putting his headdress back on . 
 he was the priest ; lightsong was the god . 
 there would be no questioning of motives , no rebukes . 
 if lightsong gave an order , they would all do exactly as he said . 
 sometimes , that terrified him . 
 but not this day . 
 he was , instead , annoyed . 
 the queen 's arrival had somehow gotten him talking about politics-and the day had been going so well until then . 
 `` more wine , '' lightsong said , raising his cup . 
 `` you ca n't get drunk , your grace , '' llarimar noted . 
 `` your body is immune to all toxins . '' 
 `` i know , '' lightsong said as a lesser servant filled his cup . 
 `` but trust me-i 'm quite good at pretending . '' 
 6 siri stepped from the carriage . 
 immediately , dozens of servants in blue and silver swarmed around her , pulling her away . 
 siri turned , alarmed , looking back toward her soldiers . 
 the men stepped forward , but treledees held up his hand . 
 `` the vessel will go alone , '' the priest declared . 
 siri felt a stab of fear . 
 this was the time . 
 `` return to idris , '' she said to the men . 
 `` but , my lady - '' the lead soldier said . 
 `` no , '' siri said . 
 `` you can do nothing more for me here . 
 please , return and tell my father that i arrived safely . '' 
 the lead soldier glanced back at his men , uncertain . 
 siri did n't get to see if they obeyed or not , for the servants shuffled her around a corner into a long , black hallway . 
 siri tried not to show her fear . 
 she 'd come to the palace to be wed , and was determined to make a favorable impression on the god king . 
 but she really was just terrified . 
 why had n't she run ? 
 why had n't she wiggled out of this somehow ? 
 why could n't they have all just let her be ? 
 there was no escape now . 
 as the serving women led her down a corridor into the deep black palace , the last remnants of her former life disappeared behind her . 
 she was now alone . 
 lamps with colored glass lined the walls . 
 siri was led through several twists and turns in the dark passages . 
 she tried to remember her way back , but was soon hopelessly lost . 
 the servants surrounded her like an honor guard ; though all were female , they were of different ages . 
 each wore a blue cap , hair loose out the back , and they kept their eyes downcast . 
 their shimmering blue clothing was loose-fitting , even through the bust . 
 siri blushed at the low-cut fronts . 
 in idris , women kept even their necks covered . 
 the black corridor eventually opened into a much larger room . 
 siri hesitated in the doorway . 
 while the stone walls of this room were black , they had been draped in silks of a deep maroon . 
 in fact , everything in the room was maroon , from the carpeting , to the furniture , to the tubs-surrounded by tile-in the center of the room . 
 the servants began to pick at her clothing , undressing her . 
 siri jumped , swatting at a few hands , causing them to pause in surprise . 
 then they attacked with renewed vigor , and siri realized that she did n't have a choice except to grit her teeth and bear the treatment . 
 she raised her arms , letting the servants pull off her dress and underclothing , and felt her hair grow red as she blushed . 
 at least the room was warm . 
 she shivered anyway . 
 she was forced to stand , nak * d , as other servants approached , bearing measuring tapes . 
 they poked and prodded , getting various measurements , including ones around siri 's waist , bust , shoulders , and hips . 
 when that was finished , the women backed away , and the room fell still . 
 the bath continued to steam in the center of the chamber . 
 several of the serving women gestured toward it . 
 guess i 'm allowed to wash myself , siri thought with relief , walking up the tile steps . 
 she stepped carefully into the massive tub , and was pleased at how warm the water was . 
 she lowered herself into the water , letting herself relax just a fraction . 
 soft splashes sounded behind her , and she spun . 
 several other serving women-these wearing brown-were climbing into the tub , fully clothed , holding washcloths and soap . 
 siri sighed , yielding herself to their care as they began to scrub vigorously at her body and hair . 
 she closed her eyes , enduring the treatment with as much dignity as she could manage . 
 that left her time to think , which was not good . 
 it only allowed her to consider just what was happening to her . 
 her anxiety immediately returned . 
 the lifeless were n't as bad as the stories , she thought , trying to reassure herself . 
 and the city colors are far more pleasant than i expected . 
 maybe ... maybe the god king is n't as terrible as everyone says . 
 `` ah , good , '' a voice said . 
 `` we 're right on schedule . 
 perfect . '' 
 siri froze . 
 that was a man 's voice . 
 she snapped her eyes open to find an older man in brown robes standing beside the tub , writing something on a ledger . 
 he was balding and had a round , pleasant face . 
 a young boy stood next to him , bearing extra sheets of paper and a small jar of ink for the man to use in dipping his quill . 
 siri screamed , startling several of her servants as she moved with a sudden splashing motion , covering herself with her arms . 
 the man with the ledger hesitated , looking down . 
 `` is something wrong , vessel ? '' 
 `` i 'm bathing , '' she snapped . 
 `` yes , '' the man said . 
 `` i believe i can tell that . '' 
 `` well , why are you watching ? '' 
 the man cocked his head . 
 `` but i 'm a royal servant , far beneath your station ... '' he said , then trailed off . 
 `` ah , yes . 
 idris sensibilities . 
 i had forgotten . 
 ladies , please splash around , make some more bubbles in the bath . '' 
 the serving women did as asked , churning up an abundance of foam in the soapy water . 
 `` there , '' the man said , turning back to his ledger . 
 `` i ca n't see a thing . 
 now , let us get on with this . 
 it would not do to keep the god king waiting on his wedding day ! '' 
 siri reluctantly allowed the bathing to continue , though she was careful to keep certain bits of anatomy well beneath the water . 
 the women worked furiously , scrubbing so hard that siri was half-afraid they 'd rub her skin right off . 
 `` as you might guess , '' the man said , `` we 're on a very tight schedule . 
 there 's much to do , and i would like this all to go as smoothly as possible . '' 
 siri frowned . 
 `` and ... who exactly are you ? '' 
 the man glanced at her , causing her to duck down beneath the suds a little more . 
 her hair was as bright a red as it had ever been . 
 `` my name is havarseth , but everyone just calls me bluefingers . '' 
 he held up a hand and wiggled the fingers , which were all stained dark with blue ink from writing . 
 `` i am head scribe and steward to his excellent grace susebron , god king of hallandren . 
 in simpler terms , i manage the palace attendants and oversee all servants in the court of gods . '' 
 he paused , eyeing her . 
 `` i also make certain that everyone stays on schedule and does what they are supposed to . '' 
 some of the younger girls-wearing brown , like the ones bathing siri-began bringing pitchers of water to the side of the tub , and the women used these to rinse siri 's hair . 
 she turned about to let them , though she tried to keep a waterlogged eye on bluefingers and his serving boy . 
 `` now , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` the palace tailors are working very quickly on your gown . 
 we had a good estimate of your size , but final measurements were necessary to complete the process . 
 we should have the garment ready for you in a short time . '' 
 the serving women dowsed siri 's head again . 
 `` there are some things we need to discuss , '' bluefingers continued , voice distorted by the water in siri 's ears . 
 `` i presume you have been taught the proper method of treating his immortal majesty ? '' 
 siri glanced at him , then looked away . 
 she probably had been taught , but she did n't remember-and either way , she was n't in a frame of mind to concentrate . 
 `` ah , '' bluefingers said , apparently reading her expression . 
 `` well then , this could be ... interesting . 
 allow me to give you some suggestions . '' 
 siri nodded . 
 `` first , please understand that the god king 's will is law . 
 he needs no reason or justification for what he does . 
 your life , like all of our lives , is in his hands . 
 second , please understand that the god king does not speak with people such as you or me . 
 you will not talk to him when you go to him . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 siri spit out a bit of soapy water . 
 `` you mean i 'm not even to be able to speak to my husband ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid not , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` none of us can . '' 
 `` then how does he make judgments and rulings ? '' 
 she asked , wiping her eyes . 
 `` the council of gods handles the kingdom 's more mundane needs , '' bluefingers explained . 
 `` the god king is above the day-to-day governance . 
 when it is necessary for him to communicate , he gives his judgments to his priests , who then reveal them to the world . '' 
 great , siri thought . 
 `` it is unconventional that you are allowed to touch him , '' bluefingers continued . 
 `` fathering a child is a necessary encumbrance for him . 
 it is our job to present you in as pleasing a way as possible , and to avoid-at all costs-irritating him . '' 
 austre , god of colors , she thought . 
 what kind of creature is this ? 
 bluefingers eyed her . 
 `` i know something of your temperament , vessel , '' he said . 
 `` we have , of course , researched the children of the idrian monarchy . 
 allow me to be a little more personal , and perhaps a little more direct , than i would prefer . 
 if you speak directly to the god king , he will order you executed . 
 unlike your father , he is not a man of patience . 
 `` i can not stress this point enough . 
 i realize that you are accustomed to being a very important person . 
 indeed , you still are that important-if not more so . 
 you are far above myself and these others . 
 however , as far as you are above us , the god king is even farther above you . 
 `` his immortal majesty is ... special . 
 the doctrines teach that the earth itself is too base for him . 
 he is one who achieved transcendence before he was even born , but then returned to bring his people blessings and visions . 
 you are being given a special trust . 
 please , do not betray it-and please , please do not provoke his anger . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 siri nodded slowly , feeling her hair bleach back to white . 
 she tried to steel herself , but what courage she could gather felt like a sham . 
 no , she was n't going to be able to stomach this creature as easily as the lifeless or the city colors . 
 his reputation in idris was n't exaggerated . 
 in a short time , he was going to take her body and do with it as he wished . 
 part of her felt a rage at that-but it was the rage of frustration . 
 the rage that came from knowing that something horrible was coming , and from being unable to do anything at all about it . 
 the serving women backed away from her , leaving her half-floating in the soapy water . 
 one of the servants looked to bluefingers and nodded her head in respect . 
 `` ah , finished are we ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` excellent . 
 you and your ladies are efficient , as always , jlan . 
 let us proceed , then . '' 
 `` ca n't they speak ? '' 
 siri asked quietly . 
 `` of course they can , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` but they are dedicated servants of his immortal majesty . 
 during their hours of service , their duty is to be as useful as possible without being distracting . 
 now , if you 'll continue ... '' siri stayed in the water , even when the silent women tried to pull her out . 
 bluefingers turned around with a sigh , putting his back to her . 
 he reached over and turned the serving boy around as well . 
 siri finally allowed herself to be led out of the bath . 
 the wet women left her , walking into a side room-probably to change-and several others led siri toward a smaller tub for rinsing . 
 she stepped down into the water , which was much colder than the other bath , and gasped . 
 the women motioned for her to dunk , and she cringed , but did so , cleaning off most of the soap . 
 after that , there was a final , third tub . 
 as siri approached , shivering , she could smell strong floral scents coming from it . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 siri asked . 
 `` perfumed bath , '' bluefingers said , still turned away . 
 `` if you prefer , you may have one of the palace masseuses rub perfume onto your body instead . 
 i advise against that , however , considering time restraints ... . '' 
 siri blushed , imagining anyone-male or female-rubbing her body with perfume . 
 `` this will be fine , '' she said , climbing down into the water . 
 it was lukewarm , and the floral scents were so strong that she had to breathe through her mouth . 
 the women motioned downward , and-sighing-siri dunked beneath the scented water . 
 after that , she climbed out , and several women finally approached with fluffy towels . 
 they began to pat siri down , their touch as delicate and soft as the previous scrubbing had been hard . 
 this took away some of the strong scent , for which siri was glad . 
 other women approached with a deep blue robe , and she extended her arms , allowing them to put it on her , then tie it shut . 
 `` you may turn around , '' she told the steward . 
 `` excellent , '' bluefingers said , doing so . 
 he strode toward a door at the side of the room , waving for her . 
 `` quickly , now . 
 we still have much to do . '' 
 siri and the serving women followed , leaving the maroon room for one that was decorated in bright yellows . 
 it held a lot more furniture , no bath , and a large plush chair in the center of the room . 
 `` his majesty is associated with no single hue , '' bluefingers said , waving to the bright colors of the room as the women led siri to the plush chair . 
 `` he represents all colors and each of the iridescent tones . 
 therefore , each room is decorated with a different shade . '' 
 siri sat , and the women began to work on her nails . 
 another tried to brush out the snarls that had come from the hearty washing . 
 siri frowned . 
 `` just cut it off , '' she said . 
 they hesitated . 
 `` vessel ? '' 
 one asked . 
 `` cut off the hair , '' she said . 
 bluefingers gave them permission , and a few snips later , her hair was in a bunch on the floor . 
 then siri closed her eyes and focused . 
 she was n't certain how she did it . 
 the royal locks had always been part of her life ; altering them was like moving any other muscle to her , if more difficult . 
 in a few moments , she was able to get the hair to grow . 
 several women gasped softly as the hair sprouted from siri 's head and moved down to her shoulders . 
 growing it made her feel hungry and tired , but it was better than letting the women fight snarls . 
 finished , she opened her eyes . 
 bluefingers was watching her with an inquisitive expression , his ledger held loosely in his fingers . 
 `` that is ... fascinating , '' he said . 
 `` the royal locks . 
 we have waited quite some time for them to grace the palace again , vessel . 
 you can change the color at will ? '' 
 `` yes , '' siri said . 
 some of the time , at least . 
 `` is it too long ? '' 
 `` long hair is seen as a sign of beauty in hallandren , my lady , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` i know you keep it bound up in idris , but here , flowing hair is favored by many of the women-particularly the goddesses . '' 
 part of her wanted to keep the hair short just out of spite , but she was beginning to realize that such an attitude could get her killed in hallandren . 
 instead , she closed her eyes and focused again . 
 the hair had been shoulder length , but she extended it for several minutes , making it grow until it would reach all the way down her back once she stood . 
 siri opened her eyes . 
 `` beautiful , '' one of the younger serving women whispered , then flushed , immediately returning to her work on siri 's toenails . 
 `` very nice , '' bluefingers agreed . 
 `` i will leave you here-i have a few things to deal with-but will return shortly . '' 
 siri nodded as he left , and several women moved in and began to apply makeup . 
 siri suffered it pensively , others still working on her nails and hair . 
 this was n't how she had imagined her wedding day . 
 marriage had always seemed distant to her , something that would only happen after spouses had been chosen for her siblings . 
 when she 'd been very young , in fact , she 'd always said that she intended to raise horses instead of getting married . 
 she 'd grown out of that , but a part of her felt a longing for such simple times . 
 she did n't want to be married . 
 not yet . 
 she still felt like a child , even if her body had become that of a woman . 
 she wanted to play in the hills and pick flowers and tease her father . 
 she wanted time to experience more of life before she was forced into the responsibilities of childbearing . 
 fate had taken that opportunity away from her . 
 now she was faced by the imminent prospect of going to a man 's bed . 
 a man who would n't speak to her , and who would n't care who she was or what she wanted . 
 she knew the physical requirements of what would be involved-she could thank mab the cook for some candid discussions on that point-but emotionally , she just felt petrified . 
 she wanted to run , hide , flee as far as she could . 
 did all women feel this way , or was it only those who were being washed , primped , and sent to please a deity with the power to destroy nations ? 
 bluefingers eventually returned . 
 another person entered behind him , an elderly man in the blue and silver clothing siri was beginning to associate with those who served the god king . 
 but ... bluefingers wears brown , siri thought , frowning . 
 why is that ? 
 `` ah , i see that my timing is perfect , '' bluefingers said as the women finished . 
 they retreated to the sides of the room , heads bowed . 
 bluefingers nodded to the elderly man . 
 `` vessel , this is one of the palace healers . 
 before you are taken to the god king , you will need to be inspected to determine if you are a maiden and to insure that you do n't have certain diseases . 
 it 's really just a formality , but one that i 'm afraid i must insist upon . 
 in consideration of your bashfulness , i did not bring the young healer i had originally assigned to the job . 
 i assume an older healer will make you more comfortable ? '' 
 siri sighed , but nodded . 
 bluefingers gestured toward a padded table on the side of the room ; then he and his serving boy turned around . 
 siri undid her robe and went to the table , lying down to continue what was proving to be the most embarrassing day of her life . 
 it will only get worse , she thought as the doctor did his examination . 
 susebron , the god king . 
 awesome , terrible , holy , majestic . 
 he had been stillborn , but had returned . 
 what did that do to a man ? 
 would he even be human , or would he be some monster , terrible to behold ? 
 he was said to be eternal , but obviously his reign would end eventually , otherwise he would n't need an heir . 
 she shivered , wishing it could just be over with , but also grateful for anything that delayed matters for just a little longer , even something as humiliating as the doctor 's prodding . 
 that was soon done , however , and siri quickly did up her robe again , standing . 
 `` she is quite healthy , '' the healer said to bluefingers . 
 `` and most likely still a maiden . 
 she also has a very strong breath . '' 
 siri froze . 
 how could he tell ... and then she saw it . 
 she had to look very closely , but the yellow floor around the surgeon looked a tad too bright . 
 she felt herself pale , though the nervousness had already made her hair as white as it went . 
 the doctor is an awakener , she thought . 
 there is an awakener here , in this room . 
 and he touched me . 
 she cringed , skin writhing . 
 it was wrong to take the breath from another person . 
 it was the ultimate in arrogance , the complete opposite of idris philosophy . 
 others in hallandren simply wore bright colors to draw attention to themselves , but awakeners ... they stole the life from human beings , and used that to make themselves stand out . 
 the perverted use of breath was one of the main reasons that the royal line had moved to the highlands in the first place . 
 modern-day hallandren existed on the basis of extorting the breath of its people . 
 siri felt more nak * d now than she had when actually unclothed . 
 what could this awakener tell about her , because of his unnatural life force ? 
 was he tempted to steal siri 's biochroma ? 
 she tried to breathe as shallowly as possible , just in case . 
 eventually , bluefingers and the terrible doctor left the room . 
 the women approached to undo her robe once again , some bearing undergarments . 
 he will be worse , she realized . 
 the king . 
 he 's not just an awakener , he 's returned . 
 he needs to suck the breath from people in order to survive . 
 would he take away her breath ? 
 no , that wo n't happen , she told herself firmly . 
 he needs me to provide him with an heir of the royal line . 
 he wo n't risk the child 's safety . 
 he 'll leave me my breath , if only until then . 
 but ... what would happen to her when she was no longer needed ? 
 her attention was drawn away from such thoughts as several serving women approached with a large bundle of cloth . 
 a dress . 
 no , a gown-a gorgeous gown of blue and silver . 
 focusing on it seemed better than thinking about what the god king would do with her once she bore him a son . 
 siri waited quietly as the women put it on her . 
 the fabric was amazingly soft on her skin , the velvet smooth as petals from a highland flower . 
 as the women adjusted it on her , she noticed that-oddly-it laced up the side instead of the back . 
 it had an extremely long train and sleeves that were so long that if she put her arms down at the sides , the cuffs hung a good foot below her hands . 
 it took several minutes for the women to get the ties done up right , the folds situated correctly , and the train even behind her . 
 all this so that it can be taken off again in a few minutes , siri thought with a detached sense of cold irony as a woman approached with a mirror . 
 siri froze . 
 where had all that color come from ? 
 the delicately red cheeks , the mysteriously dark eyes , the blue on the top of her eyelids ? 
 the deep red lips , the almost glowing skin ? 
 the gown shone silver upon blue , bulky yet beautiful , with ripples of deep , velvet cloth . 
 it was like nothing she 'd seen in idris . 
 it was more amazing , even , than the colors she 'd seen on the people in the city . 
 staring at herself in the mirror , siri was almost able to forget her worries . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered . 
 that must have been the right response , for the serving women smiled , glancing at each other . 
 two took her hands , moving much more respectfully now than when they 'd first rushed her from the carriage . 
 siri strode with them , train rustling behind her , and the other women stayed behind . 
 siri turned , and the women curtsied to her one at a time , heads bowed . 
 the last two-the ones leading her-opened a door , then gently pushed her out into the hallway beyond . 
 they closed the door , leaving her . 
 the hallway was of the deepest black . 
 she 'd almost forgotten how dark the stone walls of the palace were . 
 the hallway was empty , save for bluefingers , who stood waiting for her with his ledger . 
 he smiled , bowing his head in respect . 
 `` the god king will be pleased , vessel , '' he said . 
 `` we are exactly on time-the sun only just set . '' 
 siri turned from bluefingers . 
 directly across from her was a large , imposing door . 
 it was plated entirely with gold . 
 four wall lamps shone without colored glass , and they reflected light off the gilded portal . 
 she had no question as to who lay beyond such an impressive entrance . 
 `` this is the god king 's sleeping chambers , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` rather , one of his sleeping chambers . 
 now , my lady , you must hear this again . 
 do nothing to offend the king . 
 you are here at his sufferance , and are here to see to his needs . 
 not mine , not your own , and not even that of our kingdom . '' 
 `` i understand , '' she said quietly , heart beating faster and faster . 
 `` thank you , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` it is time to present yourself . 
 enter the room , then remove your dress and underclothing . 
 bow yourself to the ground before the king 's bed , touching your head to the floor . 
 when he wishes for you to approach , he will knock on the side post , and you may look up . 
 he will then wave you forward . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` just ... try not to touch him too much . '' 
 siri frowned , clenching and unclenching her increasingly nervous hands . 
 `` how exactly am i going to manage that ? 
 we 're going to have sex , are n't we ? '' 
 bluefingers flushed . 
 `` yes , i guess you are . 
 this is new ground for me too , my lady . 
 the god king ... well , only a group of specially dedicated servants are supposed to touch him . 
 my suggestion would be to avoid kissing him , caressing him , or doing anything else that might offend him . 
 simply let him do to you what he wishes , and you should be safe . '' 
 siri took a deep breath , nodding . 
 `` when you are finished , '' bluefingers said , `` the king will withdraw . 
 take the bed linens and burn them in the hearth . 
 as the vessel , you are the only one allowed to handle such things . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , '' siri said , growing increasingly anxious . 
 `` very well then , '' bluefingers said , looking almost as nervous as she was . 
 `` good luck . '' 
 with that , he reached forward and pushed the door open . 
 oh , austre , god of colors , she thought , heart pounding , hands sweating , growing numb . 
 bluefingers pushed her lightly on the back , and she stepped into the room . 
 7 the door shut behind her . 
 a large fire growled in a hearth to her left , bringing a shifting orange light to the large room . 
 the black walls seemed to draw in and absorb the illumination , making deep shadows at the edges of the room . 
 siri stood quietly in her ornate velvet dress , heart thumping , brow sweating . 
 to her right , she could make out a massive bed , with sheets and covers of black to match the rest of the room . 
 the bed appeared unoccupied . 
 siri peered into the darkness , eyes adjusting . 
 the fire crackled , throwing a flicker of light across a large , thronelike chair sitting beside the bed . 
 it was occupied by a figure wearing black , bathed in darkness . 
 he watched her , eyes twinkling , unblinking in the firelight . 
 siri gasped , casting her eyes downward , her heartbeat surging as she remembered bluefingers 's warnings . 
 vivenna should be here instead of me , siri thought desperately . 
 i ca n't deal with this ! 
 father was wrong to send me ! 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , her breathing coming more quickly . 
 she worked shaking fingers and pulled nervously at the strings on the side of her dress . 
 her hands were slick with sweat . 
 was she taking too long to undress ? 
 would he be angered ? 
 would she be killed before even the first night was out ? 
 would she , perhaps , prefer that ? 
 no , she thought with determination . 
 no . 
 i need to do this . 
 for idris . 
 for the fields and the children who took flowers from me . 
 for my father and mab and everyone else in the palace . 
 she finally got the strings undone , and the gown fell away with surprising ease-she could now see that it had been constructed with that goal in mind . 
 she dropped the dress to the floor , then paused , looking at her undershift . 
 the white fabric was throwing out a spectrum of colors , like light bent by a prism . 
 she regarded this with shock , wondering what was causing the strange effect . 
 it did n't matter . 
 she was too nervous to think about that . 
 gritting her teeth , she forced herself to pull off her undershift , leaving her nak * d . 
 she quickly knelt on the cold stone floor , curling up , heart thudding in her ears as she bowed with her forehead touching the floor . 
 the room fell silent save for the crackling hearth . 
 the fire was n't necessary in the hallandren warmth , but she was glad for it , unclothed as she was . 
 she waited , hair pure white , arrogance and stubbornness discarded , nak * d in more than one way . 
 this was where she ended up-this was where all her `` in de pen dent '' sense of freedom came to an end . 
 no matter what she claimed or how she felt , in the end , she had to bow to authority . 
 just like anyone else . 
 she gritted her teeth , imagining the god king sitting there , watching her be subservient and nak * d before him . 
 she had n't seen much of him , other than to notice his size-he was a good foot taller than most other men she 'd seen , and was wider of shoulders and more powerful of build as well . 
 more significant than other , lesser men . 
 he was returned . 
 in and of itself , being returned was n't a sin . 
 after all , returned came in idris , too . 
 the hallandren people , however , kept the returned alive , feeding them on the souls of peasants , tearing away the breath of hundreds of people each year ... . 
 do n't think of that , siri told herself forcefully . 
 yet as she tried to clear her thoughts , the god king 's eyes returned to her memory . 
 those black eyes , which had seemed to glow in the firelight . 
 she could feel them on her still , watching her , as cold as the stones upon which she knelt . 
 the fire crackled . 
 bluefingers had said that the king would knock for her . 
 what if she missed it ? 
 she did n't dare glance upward . 
 she 'd already met his gaze once , if by accident . 
 she could n't risk upsetting him further . 
 she just continued to kneel in place , elbows on the ground , back beginning to ache . 
 why does n't he do something ? 
 was he displeased with her ? 
 was she not as pretty as he 'd desired , or was he angered that she 'd met his eyes then taken too long to undress ? 
 it would be particularly ironic if she offended him when trying so hard not to be her usual flippant self . 
 or was something else wrong ? 
 he had been promised the eldest daughter of the idrian king , but had instead received siri . 
 would he know the difference ? 
 would he even care ? 
 the minutes passed , the room growing darker as the fire consumed its logs . 
 he 's toying with me , siri thought . 
 forcing me to wait on his whims . 
 making her kneel in such an uncomfortable position was probably a message-one that showed who was in power . 
 he would take her when he willed it , and not before . 
 siri gritted her teeth as the time passed . 
 how long had she been kneeling ? 
 an hour , maybe longer . 
 and still , there was n't a hint of sound-no knock , no cough , not even a shuffle from the god king . 
 perhaps it was a test to see how long she would remain as she was . 
 perhaps she was just reading too much into things . 
 either way , she forced herself to remain in place , shifting only when she absolutely had to . 
 vivenna had the training . 
 vivenna had the poise and the refinement . 
 but siri , she had the stubbornness . 
 one only had to look back at her history of repeatedly ignoring lessons and duties to appreciate that . 
 with time , she 'd even broken down her father . 
 he 'd started letting her do as she pleased , if only to save his own sanity . 
 and so she continued to wait-naked in the light of the coals-as the night wore on . 
 <br/> blushweaver shook her head . 
 `` you confuse me sometimes , lightsong . 
 if it were n't for your reputation , i 'd simply presume you to be shy . 
 how could you have slept with calmseer , but consistently ignore me ? '' 
 calmseer was the last honorable returned this city has known , lightsong thought , sipping his drink . 
 nobody left has a shred of her decency . 
 myself included . 
 blushweaver fell silent , watching the latest display from the firemasters . 
 the show had grown progressively more ornate , and lightsong was considering calling halt , lest they use up all of their fireworks on him and not have any left should another god call upon them . 
 blushweaver did n't make any move to return to her own palace grounds , and lightsong said nothing further . 
 he suspected that she had n't come simply for verbal sparring , or even to try and bed him . 
 blushweaver always had her plans . 
 in lightsong 's experience , there was more depth to the woman than her gaudy surface suggested . 
 eventually , his hunch paid off . 
 she turned from the fireworks , eyeing the dark palace of the god king . 
 `` we have a new queen . '' 
 `` i noticed , '' lightsong said . 
 `` though , admittedly , only because i was reminded several times . '' 
 they fell silent . 
 `` have you no thoughts on the matter ? '' 
 blushweaver finally asked . 
 `` i try to avoid having thoughts . 
 they lead to other thoughts , and-if you 're not careful-those lead to actions . 
 actions make you tired . 
 i have this on rather good authority from someone who once read it in a book . '' 
 blushweaver sighed . 
 `` you avoid thinking , you avoid me , you avoid effort ... is there anything you do n't avoid ? '' 
 `` breakfast . '' 
 blushweaver did n't react to this , which lightsong found disappointing . 
 she was too focused on the king 's palace . 
 lightsong usually tried to ignore the large black building ; he did n't like how it seemed to loom over him . 
 `` perhaps you should make an exception , '' blushweaver said , `` and give some thought to this particular situation . 
 this queen means something . '' 
 lightsong turned his cup around in his fingers . 
 he knew that blushweaver 's priests were among those who called most strongly for war in the court assembly . 
 he had n't forgotten his phantom nightmare from earlier , the vision of t'telir on fire . 
 that image refused to fade from his mind . 
 he never said anything for or against the idea of war . 
 he just did n't want to be involved . 
 `` we 've had queens before , '' he finally said . 
 `` never one of the royal line , '' blushweaver replied . 
 `` at least , there has n't been one since the days of kalad the usurper . '' 
 kalad . 
 the man who had started the manywar , the one who had used his knowledge of biochromatic breath to create a vast army of lifeless and seize power in hallandren . 
 he had protected the kingdom with his armies , yet had shattered the kingdom as well by driving the royals into the highlands . 
 now they were back . 
 or , at least , one of them was . 
 `` this is a dangerous day , lightsong , '' blushweaver said quietly . 
 `` what happens if that woman bears a child who is n't returned ? '' 
 `` impossible , '' lightsong said . 
 `` oh ? 
 you are that confident ? '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 `` of the returned , only the god king can engender children , and they 're always stillborn . '' 
 blushweaver shook her head . 
 `` the only word we have for that is from the palace priests themselves . 
 yet i 've heard of ... discrepancies in the records . 
 even if we do n't worry about those , there are plenty of other considerations . 
 why do we need a royal to ` legitimize ' our throne ? 
 is n't three hundred years of rule by the court of gods sufficient to make the kingdom legitimate ? '' 
 lightsong did n't respond . 
 `` this marriage implies that we still accept royal authority , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` what happens if that king up in the highlands decides to take his lands back ? 
 what happens if that queen of ours in there has a child by another man ? 
 who is the heir ? 
 who rules ? '' 
 `` the god king rules . 
 everyone knows that . '' 
 `` he did n't rule three hundred years ago , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` the royals did . 
 then , after them , kalad did-and after him , peacegiver . 
 change can happen quickly . 
 by inviting that woman into our city , we may have initiated the end of returned rule in hallandren . '' 
 she fell silent , pensive . 
 lightsong studied the beautiful goddess . 
 it had been fifteen years since her return-which made her old , for a returned . 
 old , wise , and incredibly crafty . 
 blushweaver glanced at him . 
 `` i do n't intend to find myself caught , surprised , like the royals were when kalad seized their throne . 
 some of us are planning , lightsong . 
 you can join us , if you wish . '' 
 `` politics , my dear , '' he said with a sigh . 
 `` you know how i loathe it . '' 
 `` you 're the god of bravery . 
 we could use your confidence . '' 
 `` at this point , i 'm only confident that i 'll be of no use to you . '' 
 her face stiffened as she tried not to show her frustration . 
 eventually , she sighed and stood , stretching , showing off her perfect figure once more . 
 `` you 'll have to stand for something eventually , lightsong , '' she said . 
 `` you 're a god to these people . '' 
 `` not by choice , my dear . '' 
 she smiled , then bent down and kissed him softly . 
 `` just consider what i said . 
 you 're a better man than you give yourself credit for being . 
 you think i 'd offer myself to just anyone ? '' 
 he hesitated , then frowned . 
 `` actually ... yes . 
 i do . '' 
 she laughed , turning as her servants picked up her couch . 
 `` oh , come now ! 
 there must be at least three of the other gods i would n't think of letting touch me . 
 enjoy the party , and do try to imagine what our king is doing to our legacy up there in his chambers right now . '' 
 she glanced back at him . 
 `` particularly if that imagining reminds you of what you just missed out on . '' 
 she winked , then glided away . 
 lightsong sat back on his couch , then dismissed the firemasters with words of praise . 
 as the minstrels began to play , he tried to empty his mind of both blushweaver 's ominous words and the visions of war that had plagued his dreams . 
 he failed on both counts . 
 8 siri groaned , rolling over . 
 her back hurt , her arms hurt , and her head hurt . 
 in fact , she was so uncomfortable that she could n't stay asleep , despite her fatigue . 
 she sat up , holding her head . 
 she 'd spent the night on the floor of the god king 's bedchamber-sleeping , kind of . 
 sunlight poured into the room , reflecting off of the marble where the floor was n't covered with rugs . 
 black rugs , she thought , sitting in the middle of the rumpled blue dress , which she 'd used as both blanket and pillow . 
 black rugs on a black floor with black furniture . 
 these hallandren certainly know how to run with a motif . 
 the god king was n't in the room . 
 siri glanced toward the oversized black leather chair where he 'd spent much of the night . 
 she had n't noticed him leave . 
 she yawned , then rose , pulling her shift out of the wadded mound of dress and putting it on over her head . 
 she pulled her hair out , flipping it behind her . 
 keeping it so long was going to take some getting used to . 
 it fell down against her back , a contented blond in color . 
 she 'd somehow survived the night untouched . 
 she walked on bare feet over to the leather chair , running her fingers along its smooth surface . 
 she 'd been less than respectful . 
 she 'd dozed off . 
 she 'd curled up and pulled her dress close . 
 she 'd even glanced over at the chair a few times . 
 not because of defiance or a disobedient heart ; she 'd simply been too drowsy to remember that she was n't supposed to look at the god king . 
 and he had n't ordered her executed . 
 bluefingers had made her worry that the god king was volatile and quick to anger , yet if that was the case , then he had held his temper with her . 
 what else was he going to do ? 
 the hallandren had waited for decades to get a royal princess to marry into their line of god kings . 
 she smiled . 
 i do have some power . 
 he could n't kill her-not until he had what he wanted . 
 it was n't much , but it did give her a bit more confidence . 
 she walked around the chair , noting its size . 
 everything in the room was built to be just a little too large , skewing her perspective , making her feel shorter than she was . 
 she rested her hand on the arm of the chair , and found herself wondering why he had n't decided to take her . 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 was n't she desirable ? 
 foolish girl , she told herself , shaking her head and walking over to the still-undisturbed bed . 
 you spent most of the trip here worrying about what would happen on your wedding night , and then when nothing happens , you complain about that too ? 
 she knew she was n't free . 
 he would take her eventually-that was the point of the entire arrangement . 
 but it had n't happened last night . 
 she smiled , yawning , then she climbed up into the bed and curled up under the covers , drifting off . 
 <br/> being confronted by so many colors and options felt overwhelming . 
 she tried to imagine how each would look on her . 
 many of them were dangerously low-cut , even more so than the shirts the serving women wore-and those were already scandalous by idris standards . 
 finally , hesitantly , siri pointed at one outfit . 
 it was a dress in two pieces , red skirt and matching blouse . 
 as siri pointed , the serving women stood , some putting away the unchosen outfits , others walking over to carefully remove siri 's shift . 
 in a few minutes , siri was dressed . 
 she was embarrassed to find that-while the clothing fit her perfectly-the blouse was designed to reveal her midriff . 
 still , it was n't as low-cut as the others , and the skirt went all the way down to her calves . 
 the silky red material was far lighter than the thick wools and linen she was accustomed to wearing . 
 the skirt flared and ruffled when she turned , and siri could n't be completely certain it was n't sheer . 
 standing in it , she almost felt as nak * d as she 'd been during the night . 
 that appears to be a recurring theme for me here , she thought wryly as the serving women backed away . 
 others approached with a stool , and she sat , waiting as the women cleaned her face and arms with a pleasantly warm cloth . 
 when that was done , they reapplied her makeup , did her hair , then sprayed her with a few puffs of perfume . 
 when she opened her eyes-perfume misting down around her-bluefingers was standing in the room . 
 `` ah , excellent , '' he said , servant boy standing obediently behind with ink , quill , and paper . 
 `` you 're up already . '' 
 already ? 
 siri thought . 
 it has to be well past noon ! 
 bluefingers looked her over , nodded to himself , then glanced at the bed , obviously checking to see that the linens had been destroyed . 
 `` well , '' he said . 
 `` i trust that your servants will see to your needs , vessel . '' 
 with that , he began to walk away with the anxious tread of a man who felt he had far too much to do . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 siri said , standing , jostling several of her serving women . 
 bluefingers hesitated . 
 `` vessel ? '' 
 siri floundered , uncertain how to express what she was feeling . 
 `` do you know ... what i 'm supposed to do ? '' 
 `` do , vessel ? '' 
 the scribe asked . 
 `` you mean , in regards to ... '' he glanced at the bed . 
 siri flushed . 
 `` no , not that . 
 i mean with my time . 
 what are my duties ? 
 what is expected of me ? '' 
 `` to provide an heir . '' 
 `` beyond that . '' 
 bluefingers frowned . 
 `` i ... well , to be honest , vessel , i really do n't know . 
 i must say , your arrival has certainly caused a level of disruption in the court of gods . '' 
 in my life , too , she thought , flushing slightly , hair turning red . 
 `` not that you 're to blame , of course , '' bluefingers said quickly . 
 `` but then ... well , i certainly wish i 'd had more forewarning . '' 
 `` more forewarning ? '' 
 siri asked . 
 `` this marriage was arranged by treaty over twenty years ago ! '' 
 `` yes , well , but nobody thought ... '' he trailed off . 
 `` ahem . 
 well , either way , we shall do our best to accommodate you here in the king 's palace . '' 
 what was that ? 
 siri thought . 
 nobody thought ... that the marriage would really happen ? 
 why not ? 
 did they assume that idris would n't keep its part of the bargain ? 
 regardless , he still had n't answered her question . 
 `` yes , but what am i supposed to do , '' she said , sitting down on the stool again . 
 `` am i to sit here in the palace and stare at the fire all day ? '' 
 bluefingers chuckled . 
 `` oh , colors no ! 
 my lady , this is the court of gods ! 
 you 'll find plenty to occupy you . 
 each day , performers are allowed to enter the court and display their talents for their deities . 
 you may have any of these brought to you for a private performance . '' 
 `` ah , '' siri said . 
 `` can i , maybe , go horseback riding ? '' 
 bluefingers rubbed his chin . 
 `` i suppose we could bring some horses into the court for you . 
 of course , we 'd have to wait until the wedding jubilation is over . '' 
 `` wedding jubilation ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you ... do n't know , then ? 
 were you not prepared for any of this ? '' 
 siri flushed . 
 `` no offense intended , vessel , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` the wedding jubilation is a weeklong period in which we celebrate the god king 's marriage . 
 during that time , you are not to leave this palace . 
 at the end of it , you will officially be presented to the court of gods . '' 
 `` oh , '' she said . 
 `` and after that , i can go out of the city ? '' 
 `` out of the city ! '' 
 bluefingers said . 
 `` vessel , you ca n't leave the court of gods ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you may not be a god yourself , '' bluefingers continued . 
 `` but you 're the wife of the god king . 
 it would be far too dangerous to let you out . 
 but do not fret-anything and everything you might request can be provided for you . '' 
 except freedom , she thought , feeling a bit sick . 
 `` i assure you , once the wedding jubilation is over , you will find little to complain about . 
 everything you could want is here : every type of indulgence , every luxury , every diversion . '' 
 siri nodded numbly , still feeling trapped . 
 `` also , '' bluefingers said , holding up an ink-stained finger . 
 `` if you wish , the court assembly meets to provide decisions to the people . 
 full assembly meets once a week , though daily there are smaller judgments to be made . 
 you are n't to sit on the assembly itself , of course , but you will certainly be allowed to attend , once the jubilation is over . 
 if none of this suits you , you may request an artist of the god king 's priesthood to attend you . 
 his priests include devout and accomplished artists from all genres : music , painting , dance , poetry , sculpture , puppetry , play performance , sandpainting , or any of the lesser genres . '' 
 siri blinked . 
 god of colors ! 
 she thought . 
 even being idle is daunting here . 
 `` but there is n't any of this that i 'm required to attend ? '' 
 `` no , i should n't think so , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` vessel , you look displeased . '' 
 `` i ... '' how could she explain ? 
 her entire life , she 'd been expected to be something-and for most of her life she 'd intentionally avoided being it . 
 now that was gone from her . 
 she could n't disobey lest she get herself killed and get idris into a war . 
 for once , she was willing to serve , to try and be obedient . 
 but , ironically , there did n't seem to be anything for her to do . 
 except , of course , bear a child . 
 `` very well , '' she said with a sigh . 
 `` where are my rooms ? 
 i 'll go there and situate myself . '' 
 `` your rooms , vessel ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i assume i 'm not to reside in this chamber itself . '' 
 `` no , '' bluefingers said , chuckling . 
 `` the conception room ? 
 of course not . '' 
 `` then where ? '' 
 siri asked . 
 `` vessel , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` in a way , this entire palace is yours . 
 i do n't see why you 'd need specific rooms . 
 ask to eat , and your servants will set up a table . 
 if you wish to rest , they will bring you a couch or a chair . 
 seek entertainment , and they will fetch performers for you . '' 
 suddenly , the strange actions of her servants-simply bringing her an array of colors to choose from , then doing her makeup and hair right there-made more sense . 
 `` i see , '' she said , almost to herself . 
 `` and the soldiers i brought with me ? 
 did they do as i commanded ? '' 
 `` yes , vessel , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` they left this morning . 
 it was a wise decision ; they are not dedicated servants of the tones , and would not have been allowed to remain here in the court . 
 they could do you no further service . '' 
 siri nodded . 
 `` vessel , if i might be excused ... ? '' 
 bluefingers asked . 
 siri nodded distractedly , and bluefingers bustled away , leaving her to think about how terribly alone she was . 
 ca n't focus on that , she thought . 
 instead , she turned to one of her serving women-a younger one , about siri 's own age . 
 `` well , that really does n't tell me what to spend my time on , does it ? '' 
 the servant blushed quietly , bowing her head . 
 `` i mean , there seems to be a lot to do , if i want , '' siri said . 
 `` maybe too much . '' 
 the girl bowed again . 
 that 's going to get very annoying very quickly , siri thought , gritting her teeth . 
 part of her wanted to do something shocking to get a reaction out of the servant , but she knew she was just being foolish . 
 in fact , it seemed that many of her natural impulses and reactions would n't work here in hallandren . 
 so , to keep herself from doing something silly , siri stood up , determined to examine her new home . 
 she left the overly black room , poking her head out into the hallway . 
 she turned back to her servants , who stood obediently in a line behind her . 
 `` is there any place i 'm forbidden to go ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the one she was addressing shook her head . 
 fine , then , she thought . 
 i 'd better not end up stumbling upon the god king in the bath . 
 she crossed the hallway , opened the door , then stepped into the yellow room she 'd been in the day before . 
 the chair and bench she 'd used had been removed , replaced by a group of yellow couches . 
 siri raised an eyebrow , then walked through into the tub room beyond . 
 the tub was gone . 
 she started . 
 the room was the one she remembered , with same red colorings . 
 yet , the sloped tile platforms with their inset tubs were gone . 
 the entire contraption must have been portable , brought in for her bath , then removed . 
 they really can transform any room , she thought with amazement . 
 they must have chambers full of furniture , tubs , and drapings , each of a different color , waiting upon the whims of their god . 
 curious , she left the tubless room and moved in a random direction . 
 each room appeared to have four doors , one on each wall . 
 some rooms were larger than others . 
 some had windows to the outside , while others were in the middle of the palace . 
 each was a different color , yet it was still difficult to tell the difference between them . 
 endless rooms , pristine with their decorations following a single color 's theme . 
 soon , she was hopelessly lost-but it did n't seem to matter . 
 every room was , in a way , the same as any other . 
 she turned to her servants . 
 `` i would like breakfast . '' 
 it happened far faster than siri would have thought possible . 
 several of the women ducked out and returned with a stuffed green chair to match her current room . 
 siri sat down , waiting as a table , chairs , and finally food were produced as if out of nowhere . 
 in less than fifteen minutes , she had a hot meal waiting for her . 
 hesitantly , she picked up a fork and tried a bite . 
 it was n't until that moment that she realized how hungry she was . 
 the meal was composed primarily of a group of sausages mixed with vegetables . 
 the flavors were far stronger than she was accustomed to . 
 however , the more she ate the spicy hallandren food , the more she found herself liking it . 
 hungry or not , it was strange to eat in silence . 
 siri was accustomed to either eating in the kitchens with the servants or at the table with her father , his generals , and whatever local people or monks he had invited to his home that evening . 
 it was never a silent affair , yet here in hallandren-land of colors , sounds , and ostentation-she found herself eating alone , quietly , in a room that felt dull despite its bright decorations . 
 her servants watched . 
 none of them spoke to her . 
 their silence was supposed to be respectful , she knew , but siri just found it intimidating . 
 she tried several times to draw them into conversation , but she managed to get only terse replies . 
 she chewed on a spiced caper . 
 is this what my life is to be from now on ? 
 she thought . 
 a night spent feeling halfused , halfignored by my husband , then days spent surrounded by people , yet somehow still alone ? 
 she shivered , her appetite waning . 
 she set down the fork , and her food slowly grew cold on the table before her . 
 she stared at it , a part of her wishing she 'd simply remained in the comfortable , oversized black bed . 
 9 vivenna-firstborn child of dedelin , king of idris-gazed upon the grand city of t'telir . 
 it was the ugliest place she had ever seen . 
 people jostled their way through the streets , draped flagrantly in colors , yelling , and talking , and moving , and stinking , and coughing , and bumping . 
 her hair lightened to grey , she pulled her shawl close as she maintained her imitation-such that it was-of an elderly woman . 
 she had feared that she might stand out . 
 she need n't have worried . 
 who could ever stand out in this confusion ? 
 nevertheless , it was best to be safe . 
 she had come-arriving in t'telir just hours ago-to rescue her sister , not to get herself kidnapped . 
 it was a bold plan . 
 vivenna could hardly believe that she 'd come up with it . 
 still , of the many things her tutors had taught her , one was foremost in her mind : a leader was someone who acted . 
 nobody else was going to help siri , and so it was up to vivenna . 
 she knew that she was inexperienced . 
 she hoped that her awareness of that would keep her from being too foolhardy , but she had the best education and political tutelage her kingdom could provide , and much of her training had focused on life in hallandren . 
 as a devout daughter of austre , she 'd practiced all of her life to avoid standing out . 
 she could hide in a vast , disorganized city like t'telir . 
 and vast it was . 
 she 'd memorized maps , but they had n't prepared her for the sight , sound , scent , and colors of the city on market day . 
 even the livestock wore bright ribbons . 
 vivenna stood at the side of the road , stooped beside a building draped in flapping streamers . 
 in front of her , a herdsman drove a small flock of sheep toward the market square . 
 they had each been dyed a different color . 
 wo n't that ruin the wool ? 
 vivenna thought sourly . 
 the different colors on the animals clashed so terribly that she had to look away . 
 poor siri , she thought . 
 caught up in all of this , locked in the court of gods , probably so overwhelmed that she can barely think . 
 vivenna had been trained to deal with the terrors of hallandren . 
 though the colors sickened her , she had the fortitude to withstand them . 
 how would little siri manage ? 
 vivenna tapped her foot as she stood beside the building in the shadow of a large stone statue . 
 where is that man ? 
 she thought . 
 parlin had yet to return from his scouting . 
 there was nothing to do but wait . 
 she glanced up at the statue beside her ; it was one of the famous d'denir celabrin . 
 most of the statues depicted warriors . 
 they stood in every imaginable pose all across the entire city , armed with weapons and often dressed in colorful clothing . 
 according to her lessons , the people of t'telir found dressing the statues to be an amusing pastime . 
 lore had it that the first ones had been commissioned by peacegiver the blessed , the returned who had taken command of hallandren at the end of the manywar . 
 the number of statues had increased each year as new ones were paid for by the returned-whose money , of course , came from the people themselves . 
 excess and waste , vivenna thought , shaking her head . 
 finally , she noticed parlin coming back down the street . 
 she frowned as she saw that he was wearing some ridiculous frippery on his head-it looked a little like a sock , though much larger . 
 the bright green hat flopped down one side of his square face , and looked very out of place against his dull brown idris travel clothing . 
 tall but not lanky , parlin was only a few years vivenna 's senior . 
 she 'd known him for most of her life ; general yarda 's son had practically grown up in the palace . 
 more recently , he 'd been out in the forests , watching the hallandren border or guarding one of the northern passes . 
 `` parlin ? '' 
 she said as he approached , carefully keeping the annoyance out of her voice and her hair . 
 `` what is that on your head ? '' 
 `` a hat , '' he said , characteristically terse . 
 it was n't that parlin was rude ; it just seemed he rarely felt he had much to say . 
 `` i can see that it 's a hat , parlin . 
 where did you get it ? '' 
 `` the man in the market said they 're very popular . '' 
 vivenna sighed . 
 she 'd hesitated to bring parlin into the city . 
 he was a good man-as solid and reliable as she 'd ever known-but the life he knew was one of living in the wilderness and guarding isolated outposts . 
 the city was probably overwhelming to him . 
 `` the hat is ridiculous , parlin , '' vivenna said , hair controlled to keep the red out of it . 
 `` and makes you stand out . '' 
 parlin removed the hat , tucking it in his pocket . 
 he said nothing further , but did turn , watching the crowds of people pass . 
 they seemed to make him as nervous as they did vivenna . 
 perhaps more so . 
 however , she was glad to have him . 
 he was one of the few people she trusted not to go to her father ; she knew that parlin fancied her . 
 during their youth , he 'd often brought her gifts from the forest . 
 usually , those had taken the form of some animal he 'd killed . 
 to parlin 's mind , nothing showed affection like a hunk of something dead and bleeding on the table . 
 `` this place is strange , '' parlin said . 
 `` people here move like herds . '' 
 his eyes followed a pretty hallandren girl as she walked by . 
 the hussy was-like most of the women in t'telir - wearing practically nothing . 
 blouses that were open well below the neck , skirts well above the knees-some women even wore trousers , just like men . 
 `` what did you discover in the market ? '' 
 she asked , drawing his attention back . 
 `` there are a lot of idrians here , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vivenna said , forgetting herself and showing her shock . 
 `` idrians , '' parlin said . 
 `` in the market . 
 some were trading goods ; many looked like common laborers . 
 i watched them . '' 
 vivenna frowned , folding her arms . 
 `` and the restaurant ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` did you scout it as i asked ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` looks clean . 
 feels strange to me that people eat food made by strangers . '' 
 `` did you see anyone suspicious there ? '' 
 `` what would be ` suspicious ' in this city ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 you 're the one who insisted on scouting ahead . '' 
 `` it 's always a good idea when hunting . 
 less likely to scare away the animals . '' 
 `` unfortunately , parlin , '' vivenna said , `` people are n't like animals . '' 
 `` i am aware of that , '' parlin said . 
 `` animals make sense . '' 
 vivenna sighed . 
 however , she did notice just then that parlin had been right on at least one count . 
 she caught sight of a group of idrians walking along the street nearby , one pulling a cart that had probably once held produce . 
 they were easy to distinguish by their muted dress and the slight accent to their voices . 
 it surprised her that they would come so far to trade . 
 but , admittedly , commerce had n't been particularly robust in idris lately . 
 reluctantly , she closed her eyes and-using the shawl to hide the transformation-changed her hair from gray to brown . 
 if there were other idrians in town , it was unlikely that she would stand out . 
 trying to act like an old woman would be more suspicious . 
 it still felt wrong to be exposed . 
 in bevalis , she 'd have been recognized instantly . 
 of course , bevalis had only a few thousand people in it . 
 the vastly greater scale of t'telir would require a conscious adjustment . 
 she gestured to parlin and-gritting her teeth-joined the crowd and began making her way toward the marketplace . 
 the inland sea made all the difference . 
 t'telir was a prime port , and the dyes it sold-made from the tears of edgli , a local flower-made it a center of trade . 
 she could see the evidence all around her . 
 exotic silks and clothing . 
 brown-skinned traders from tedradel with their long black beards bound with tight leather cords into cylindrical shapes . 
 fresh foodstuffs from cities along the coast . 
 in idris , the population was spread out thinly across the farms and rangelands . 
 in hallandren-a country that controlled a good third of the inland sea 's coast-things were different . 
 they could burgeon . 
 grow . 
 get flamboyant . 
 in the distance , she could see the plateau that held the court of gods , the most profane place beneath austre 's colorful eyes . 
 inside its walls , within the god king 's terrible palace , siri was being held captive , prisoner of susebron himself . 
 logically , vivenna understood her father 's decision . 
 in raw political terms , vivenna was more valuable to idris . 
 if war was certain , it made sense to send the less useful daughter as a stalling tactic . 
 but it was hard for vivenna to think of siri as `` less useful . '' 
 she was gregarious , but she 'd also been the one who smiled when others were down . 
 she was the one who brought gifts when nobody was expecting them . 
 she was infuriating , but also innocent . 
 she was vivenna 's baby sister , and someone had to look out for her . 
 the god king would demand an heir . 
 that was to have been vivenna 's duty-her sacrifice for her people . 
 she had been prepared and willing . 
 it felt wrong for siri to have to do something so terrible . 
 her father had made his decision ; the best one for idris . 
 vivenna had made her own . 
 if there was going to be war , then vivenna wanted to be ready to get her sister out of the city the moment it got dangerous . 
 in fact , vivenna felt there had to be a way to rescue siri before the war came-a way of fooling the hallandrens , making them think that siri had died . 
 something that would save vivenna 's sister , yet not further provoke hostilities . 
 this was n't something her father could condone . 
 so she had n't told him . 
 better for him to be able to deny involvement if things went wrong . 
 vivenna moved down the street , eyes downcast , careful to not draw attention to herself . 
 getting away from idris had been surprisingly easy . 
 who would suspect such a brash move from vivenna-she who had always been perfect ? 
 nobody wondered when she 'd asked for food and supplies , explaining that she wanted to make emergency kits . 
 nobody questioned when she 'd proposed an expedition to the higher reaches to gather important roots , an excuse to disguise the first few weeks of her disappearance . 
 parlin had been easy enough to persuade . 
 he trusted her , perhaps too much , and he had intimate knowledge of the paths and trails leading down to hallandren . 
 he 'd been as far as the city walls on one scouting trip a year back . 
 with his help , she 'd been able to recruit a few of his friends-also woodsmen-to protect her and be part of her `` expedition . '' 
 she 'd sent the rest of them back earlier that morning . 
 they would be of little use in the city , where she had already arranged for other allies to be her protection . 
 parlin 's friends would carry word to her father , who would already have heard of what she 'd done . 
 before leaving , she 'd arranged for her maid to deliver a letter to him . 
 counting off the days , she realized that her letter would be delivered that very evening . 
 she did n't know what her father 's reaction would be . 
 perhaps he would covertly send soldiers to retrieve her . 
 perhaps he 'd leave her be . 
 she 'd warned him that if she saw idris soldiers searching for her , she would simply go to the court of gods , explain that there had been a mistake , and trade herself for her sister . 
 she sincerely hoped she would n't have to do that . 
 the god king was not to be trusted ; he might take vivenna captive and keep siri , thereby gaining two princesses to provide pleasure instead of one . 
 do n't think about that , vivenna told herself , pulling her shawl closer despite the heat . 
 better to find another way . 
 the first step was to find lemex , her father 's chief spy in hallandren . 
 vivenna had corresponded with him on several occasions . 
 her father had wanted her to be familiar with his best intelligence agent in t'telir , and his foresight would work against him . 
 lemex knew vivenna , and had been told to take orders from her . 
 she 'd sent the spy a letter-delivered via a messenger with multiple mounts to allow quick delivery-the day she 'd left idris . 
 assuming the message had arrived safely , the spy would meet her in the appointed restaurant . 
 her plan seemed good . 
 she was prepared . 
 why , then , did she feel so utterly daunted when she entered the market ? 
 she stood quietly , a rock in the stream of human traffic flooding down the street . 
 it was such an enormous expanse , covered in tents , pens , buildings , and people . 
 there were no cobblestones here , only sand and dirt with the occasional patch of grass , and there did n't appear to be much reason or direction to the arrangement of buildings . 
 the arbitrary streets had simply been made where people felt like going . 
 merchants yelled out what they sold , banners waved in the wind , and entertainers vied for attention . 
 it was an orgy of color and motion . 
 `` wow , '' parlin said quietly . 
 vivenna turned , shaking off her stupor . 
 `` were n't you just here ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' parlin said , eyes a little glazed over . 
 `` wow again . '' 
 vivenna shook her head . 
 `` let 's go to the restaurant . '' 
 parlin nodded . 
 `` this way . '' 
 vivenna followed him , annoyed . 
 this was hallandren-she should n't be awed by it . 
 she should be disgusted . 
 yet she was so overwhelmed that it was hard to feel anything beyond a slight sense of sickness . 
 she 'd never realized how much she took idris 's beautiful simplicity for granted . 
 parlin 's familiar presence was welcome as the powerful wave of scents , sounds , and sights tried to drown her . 
 in some places the crowds grew so thick that they had to shove their way through . 
 on occasion , vivenna found herself on the edge of panic , pressed in by dirty , repulsively colored bodies . 
 blessedly , the restaurant was n't too far in , and they arrived just when she thought the sheer excess of the place would make her scream . 
 on its signboard out front , the restaurant had a picture of a boat sailing merrily . 
 if the scents coming from inside were any indication , then the ship represented the restaurant 's cuisine : fish . 
 vivenna barely kept herself from gagging . 
 she 'd eaten fish several times in preparation for her life in hallandren . 
 she 'd never grown to like it . 
 parlin walked in , immediately stepping to the side and crouching , almost like a wolf , as he let his eyes adjust to the dimness . 
 vivenna gave the restaurant keeper the fake name lemex knew to call her by . 
 the restaurant keeper eyed parlin , then shrugged and led the two of them to one of the tables on the far side of the room . 
 vivenna sat down ; despite her training , she was a little uncertain what one did at a restaurant . 
 it seemed significant to her that places like restaurants could exist in hallandren-places meant to feed not travelers , but the locals who could n't be bothered to prepare their own food and dine at their own homes . 
 parlin did n't sit , but remained standing beside her chair , watching the room . 
 he looked as tense as she felt . 
 `` vivenna , '' he said softly , leaning down . 
 `` your hair . '' 
 she started , realizing that her hair had lightened from the trauma of pushing her way through the crowd . 
 it had n't bleached completely white-she was far too well trained for that-but it had grown whiter , as if it had been powdered . 
 feeling a jolt of paranoia , vivenna replaced the shawl on her head , looking away as the restaurant owner approached to take their order . 
 a short list of meals was scratched into the table , and parlin finally sat down , drawing the restaurant owner 's attention away from vivenna . 
 you 're better than this , she told herself sternly . 
 you 've studied hallandren for most of your life . 
 her hair darkened , returning to its brown . 
 the change was subtle enough that if someone had been watching , they would have probably thought it to be a trick of the light . 
 she kept the shawl up , feeling ashamed . 
 one walk through the market , and she lost control ? 
 think of siri , she told herself . 
 that gave her strength . 
 her mission was impromptu , even reckless , but it was important . 
 calm once again , she put the shawl back down and waited while parlin chose a dish-a seafood stew-and the innkeeper walked away . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 parlin asked . 
 `` we wait , '' vivenna said . 
 `` in my letter , i told lemex to check the restaurant each day at noon . 
 we will sit here until he arrives . '' 
 parlin nodded , fidgeting . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 vivenna asked calmly . 
 he glanced toward the door . 
 `` i do n't trust this place , vivenna . 
 i ca n't smell anything but bodies and spices , ca n't hear anything but the chatter of people . 
 there 's no wind , no trees , no rivers , just ... people . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` i want to go back outside , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` if you are n't familiar with a place , '' he said awkwardly , `` you need to become familiar with it . '' 
 he gave no other explanation . 
 vivenna felt a stab of fear at the thought of being left alone . 
 however , it was n't proper to demand parlin stay and attend her . 
 `` do you promise to stay close ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` then go . '' 
 he did , walking from the room . 
 he did n't move like one of the hallandren-his motions were too fluid , too much like a prowling beast . 
 perhaps i should have sent him back with the others . 
 but the thought of being completely alone had been too much . 
 she needed someone to help her find lemex . 
 as it was , she felt that she was probably taking too great a risk at entering the city with only one guard , even one as skilled as parlin . 
 but it was done . 
 no use worrying now . 
 she sat , arms folded on the table , thinking . 
 back in idris , her plan to save siri had seemed simpler . 
 now the true nature of it lay before her . 
 somehow , she had to get into the court of gods and sneak her sister out . 
 how would one accomplish something so audacious ? 
 surely the court of gods would be well guarded . 
 lemex will have ideas , she told herself . 
 we do n't have to do anything yet . 
 i 'm - a man sat down at her table . 
 less colorfully dressed than most hallandren , he wore an outfit made mostly of brown leather , though he did have a token red cloth vest thrown over the top . 
 this was not lemex . 
 the spy was an older man in his fifties . 
 this stranger had a long face and styled hair , and could n't have been older than thirty-five . 
 `` i hate being a mercenary , '' the man said . 
 `` you know why ? '' 
 shocked , vivenna sat frozen , mouth opened slightly . 
 `` the prejudice , '' the man said . 
 `` everyone else , they work , they ask for recompense , and they are respected for it . 
 not mercenaries . 
 we get a bad name just for doing our job . 
 how many minstrels get spat on for accepting payment from the highest bidder ? 
 how many bakers feel guilty for selling more of pastries to one man , then selling those same pastries to the man 's enemies ? '' 
 he eyed her . 
 `` no . 
 only the mercenary . 
 unfair , would n't you say ? '' 
 `` w ... who are you ? '' 
 vivenna finally managed to ask . 
 she jumped as another man sat down on her other side . 
 large of girth , this man had a cudgel strapped to his back . 
 a colorful bird was sitting on the end of it . 
 `` i 'm denth , '' the first man said , taking her hand and shaking it . 
 `` that 's tonk fah . '' 
 `` pleased , '' tonk fah said , taking her hand once denth was through with it . 
 `` unfortunately , princess , '' denth said , `` we 're here to kill you . '' 
 10 vivenna 's hair instantly bleached to a stark white . 
 think ! 
 she told herself . 
 you 've been trained in politics ! 
 you studied hostage negotiation . 
 but ... what do you do when you are the hostage ? 
 suddenly , the two men burst out laughing . 
 the larger man thumped the table several times with his hand , causing his bird to squawk . 
 `` sorry , princess , '' denth-the thinner man-said , shaking his head . 
 `` just a bit of mercenary humor . '' 
 `` we kill sometimes , but we do n't murder , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` that 's assassin work . '' 
 `` assassins , '' denth said , holding up a finger . 
 `` now , they get respect . 
 why do you suppose that is ? 
 they 're really just mercenaries with fancier names . '' 
 vivenna blinked , struggling to get control of her nerves . 
 `` you 're not here to kill me , '' she said , voice stiff . 
 `` so you 're just going to kidnap me ? '' 
 `` gods , no , '' denth said . 
 `` bad business , that . 
 how do you make money at it ? 
 every time you kidnap someone worth the ransom , you upset people a whole lot more powerful than you are . '' 
 `` do n't make important people angry , '' tonk fah said , yawning . 
 `` unless you 're getting paid by people who are even more powerful . '' 
 denth nodded . 
 `` and that is n't even considering the feeding and care of captives , the exchanging of ransom notes , and the arranging of drop-offs . 
 it 's a headache , i tell you . 
 terrible way to make money . '' 
 the table fell silent . 
 vivenna placed her hands flat on its top to keep them from quivering . 
 they know who i am , she thought , forcing herself to think logically . 
 either they recognize me , or ... `` you work for lemex , '' she said . 
 denth smiled widely . 
 `` see , tonk ? 
 he said she was a clever one . '' 
 `` guess that 's why she 's a princess and we 're just mercenaries , '' tonk fah said . 
 vivenna frowned . 
 are they mocking me or not ? 
 `` where is lemex ? 
 why did n't he come himself ? '' 
 denth smiled again , nodding toward the restaurant owner as the man brought a large pot of steaming stew to the table . 
 it smelled of hot spices , and had what appeared to be crab claws floating in it . 
 the owner dropped a group of wooden spoons to the table , then retreated . 
 denth and tonk fah did n't wait for permission to eat her meal . 
 `` your friend , '' denth said , grabbing a spoon , `` lemex-our employer-isn ' t doing so well . '' 
 `` fevers , '' tonk fah said between slurps . 
 `` he requested that we bring you to him , '' denth said . 
 he handed her a folded piece of paper with one hand , while cracking a claw between three fingers of the other . 
 vivenna cringed as he slurped the contents out . 
 princess , the paper read . 
 please trust these men . 
 denth has served me well for some measure now , and he is loyal-if any mercenary can be called loyal . 
 he and his men have been paid , and i am confident he will stay true to us for the duration of his contract . 
 i offer proof of authenticity by virtue of this password : bluemask . 
 the writing was in lemex 's hand . 
 more than that , he had given the proper password . 
 not `` bluemask '' - that was misdirection . 
 the true password was using the word `` measure '' instead of time . 
 she glanced at denth , who slurped out the insides of another claw . 
 `` ah , now , '' he said , tossing aside the shell . 
 `` this is the tricky part ; she has to make a decision . 
 are we telling her the truth , or are we fooling her ? 
 have we fabricated that letter ? 
 or maybe we took the old spy captive and tortured him , forcing him to write the words . '' 
 `` we could bring you his fingers as proof of our good faith , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` would that help ? 
 vivenna raised an eyebrow . 
 `` mercenary humor ? '' 
 `` such that it is , '' denth said with a sigh . 
 `` we 're not generally a clever lot . 
 otherwise , we 'd probably have selected a profession without such a high mortality rate . '' 
 `` like your profession , princess , '' tonks said . 
 `` good lifespans , usually . 
 i 've often wondered if i should apprentice myself to one . '' 
 vivenna frowned as the two men chuckled . 
 lemex would n't have broken under torture , she thought . 
 he 's too well trained . 
 even if he had broken , he would n't have included both the real password and the false one . 
 `` let 's go , '' she said , standing . 
 `` wait , '' tonk fah said , spoon to lips , `` we 're skipping the rest of our meal ? '' 
 vivenna eyed the red-colored soup and its bobbing crustacean limbs . 
 `` definitely . '' 
 <br/> the breath shot toward her . 
 her closed mouth had no effect ; the breath struck , hitting her like a physical force , washing across her body . 
 she gasped , falling to her knees , body quivering with a perverse pleasure . 
 she could suddenly feel the other people in the room . 
 she could sense them watching her . 
 and-as if a light had been lit-everything around her became more vibrant , more real , and more alive . 
 she gasped , shaking in awe . 
 she vaguely heard parlin rushing to her side , speaking her name . 
 but , oddly , the only thing she could think of was the melodic quality of his voice . 
 she could pick out each tone in every word he spoke . 
 she knew them instinctively . 
 austre , god of colors ! 
 she thought , steadying herself with one hand against the wooden floor as the shakes subsided . 
 what have i done ? 
 11 but surely we can bend the rules a little bit , '' siri said , walking quickly beside treledees . 
 treledees eyed her . 
 the priest-high priest of the god king-would have been tall even without the elaborate miter on his head . 
 with it , he seemed to tower over her almost like one of the returned . 
 well , a spindly , obnoxious , disdainful returned . 
 `` an exception ? '' 
 he asked with his leisurely hallandren accent . 
 `` no , i do not think that will be possible , vessel . '' 
 `` i do n't see why not , '' siri said as a servant pulled open the door in front of them , allowing them to leave a green-colored room and pass into a blue one . 
 treledees respectfully let her pass through the doorway first , though she sensed that he was displeased he had to do so . 
 siri ground her teeth , trying to think of another avenue of attack . 
 vivenna would be calm and logical , she thought . 
 she 'd explain why she should be allowed to leave the palace in a way that made sense so that the priest listened to her . 
 siri took a deep breath , trying to ease the red from her hair and the frustration from her attitude . 
 `` look . 
 could n't i , maybe , go on one trip outside ? 
 just into the court itself ? '' 
 `` impossible , '' treledees said . 
 `` if you lack for entertainment , why not have your servants send for minstrels or jugglers ? 
 i 'm sure they could keep you occupied . '' 
 and out of my hair , his tone seemed to imply . 
 could n't he understand ? 
 it was n't lack of something to do that frustrated her . 
 it was that she could n't see the sky . 
 could n't run away from walls and locks and rules . 
 barring that , she would have settled for someone to talk to . 
 `` at least let me meet with one of the gods . 
 i mean , really-what is accomplished by keeping me locked up like this ? '' 
 `` you 're not ` locked up , ' vessel , '' treledees said . 
 `` you are observing a period of isolation in which you can dedicate yourself to contemplating your new place in life . 
 it is an ancient and worthy practice , one that shows respect for the god king and his divine monarchy . '' 
 `` yes , but this is hallandren , '' siri said . 
 `` it 's the land of laxness and frivolity ! 
 surely you can see your way to making an exception . '' 
 treledees stopped short . 
 `` we do not make exceptions in matters of religion , vessel . 
 i must assume that you are testing me in some way , for i find it hard to believe that anyone worthy of touching our god king could harbor such vulgar thoughts . '' 
 siri cringed . 
 less than a week in the city , she thought , and i 've already started letting my tongue get me into trouble . 
 siri did n't dislike people-she loved to talk to them , spend time with them , laugh with them . 
 however , she could n't make them do what she wanted , not in the way that a politician was supposed to be able to do . 
 that was something she should have learned from vivenna . 
 she and treledees continued walking . 
 siri wore a long , flowing brown skirt that covered her feet and had a train that trailed behind her . 
 the priest was wearing golds and maroons-colors matched by the servants . 
 it still amazed her that everyone in the palace had so many costumes , even if they were identical save for color . 
 she knew that she should n't let herself get annoyed with the priests . 
 they already did n't seem to like her , and getting snappish would n't help . 
 it was just that the last few days had been so dull . 
 trapped in the palace , unable to leave , unable to find anyone to talk to , she felt herself nearly going mad . 
 but there would be no exceptions . 
 apparently . 
 `` will that be all , vessel ? '' 
 treledees asked , pausing beside a door . 
 it almost seemed like he found it a chore to remain civil toward her . 
 siri sighed , but nodded . 
 the priest bowed , then opened the door and quickly rushed away . 
 siri watched him go , tapping her foot , arms folded . 
 her servants stood arrayed behind her , silent as always . 
 she considered finding bluefingers , but ... no . 
 he always had so much to do , and she felt bad distracting him . 
 sighing again , she motioned for her servants to prepare the evening meal . 
 two fetched a chair from the side of the room . 
 siri sat , resting as food was gathered . 
 the chair was plush , but it was still difficult to sit in a way that did n't aggravate one of her aches or cramps . 
 each of the last six nights , she had been forced to kneel , nak * d , until she finally grew so drowsy that she drifted off . 
 sleeping on the hard stone had left a dull , per sis tent pain in her back and neck . 
 each morning , once the god king was gone , she moved to the bed . 
 when she awoke the second time , she burned the sheets . 
 after that , she chose her clothing . 
 there was a new array each time , with no repeated outfits . 
 she was n't sure where the servants got such a steady supply of clothing in siri 's size , but it made her hesitant about choosing her daily costume . 
 she knew that she 'd likely never see any of the options again . 
 after dressing , she was free to do as she wished , assuming she did n't leave the palace . 
 when night came , she was bathed , then given a choice of luxurious gowns to wear into the bedchamber . 
 as a matter of comfort , she had started requesting more and more ornate gowns , with more fabric to use in sleeping . 
 she often wondered what the dressmakers would think if they knew that their gowns were only worn for a few brief moments before being discarded to the floor , then eventually used as blankets . 
 she did n't own anything , yet could have whatever she wanted . 
 exotic foods , furniture , entertainers , books , art ... she only needed ask . 
 and yet , when she was finished , it was removed . 
 she had everything and nothing at the same time . 
 she yawned . 
 the interrupted sleep schedule left her bleary-eyed and tired . 
 the completely empty days did n't help either . 
 if only there were someone to talk to . 
 but servants , priests , and scribes were all locked into their formal roles . 
 that accounted for everyone she interacted with . 
 well , except him . 
 could she even call that interacting ? 
 the god king appeared to enjoy looking at her body , but he 'd never given her any indication that he wanted more . 
 he simply let her kneel , those eyes of his watching and dissecting her . 
 that was the sum total of their marriage . 
 the servants finished putting out her dinner then lined up by the wall . 
 it was getting late-almost time for her nightly bathing . 
 i 'll have to eat quickly , she thought , sitting at the table . 
 after all , i would n't want to be late for the evening 's ogling . 
 <br/> her back complained , and she ruefully contemplated another uncomfortable night . 
 the least they could do , she thought , is make certain the fire is large enough . 
 at night in the large stone palace , it got chilly despite the hallandren tropical climate . 
 particularly if one were nak * d. focus on bluefingers , she thought , trying to distract herself . 
 what did he mean ? 
 things are not what they seem in the palace ? 
 was he referring to the god king and his ability to have her killed ? 
 she was well aware of the god king 's power . 
 how could she forget it , with him sitting not fifteen feet away , watching from the shadows ? 
 no , that was n't it . 
 he 'd felt he 'd needed to give this warning quietly , without others hearing . 
 watch yourself ... ... it smelled of politics . 
 she gritted her teeth . 
 if she 'd paid more attention to her tutors , might she have been able to pick out a more subtle meaning in bluefingers 's warning ? 
 as if i needed something else to be confused about , she thought . 
 if bluefingers had something to tell her , why had n't he just said it ? 
 as the minutes passed , his words turned over and over in her mind like a restless sleeper , but she was too uncomfortable and cold to come to any conclusions . 
 that only left her feeling more annoyed . 
 vivenna would have figured it out . 
 vivenna probably would have known instinctively why the god king had n't chosen to sleep with her . 
 she would have fixed it the first night . 
 but siri was incompetent . 
 she tried so hard to do as vivenna would have-to be the best wife she could , to serve idris . 
 to be the woman that everyone expected her to be . 
 but she was n't . 
 she could n't just keep doing this . 
 she felt trapped in the palace . 
 she could n't get the priests to do more than roll their eyes at her . 
 she could n't even tempt the god king to bed her . 
 on top of that , she could very well be in danger , and she could n't even understand why or how . 
 in simpler terms , she was just plain frustrated . 
 groaning at her aching limbs , siri sat up in the dark room and looked at the shadowy form in the corner . 
 `` will you please just get on with it ? '' 
 she blurted out . 
 silence . 
 siri felt her hair bleach a terrible bone white as she realized what she 'd just done . 
 she stiffened , casting her eyes down , weariness fleeing in the face of sudden anxiety . 
 what had she been thinking ? 
 the god king could call servants to execute her . 
 in fact , he did n't even need that . 
 he could bring her own dress to life , awakening it to strangle her . 
 he could make the rug rise up and smother her . 
 he could probably bring the ceiling down on her , all without moving from his chair . 
 siri waited , breathing with shallow anxiety , anticipating the fury and retribution . 
 but ... nothing happened . 
 minutes passed . 
 finally , siri glanced up . 
 the god king had moved , sitting up straighter , regarding her from his darkened chair beside the bed . 
 she could see his eyes reflecting the firelight . 
 she could n't make out much of his face , but he did n't seem angry . 
 he just seemed cold and distant . 
 she almost cast her eyes down again , but hesitated . 
 if snapping at him would n't provoke a reaction , then looking at him was n't likely to either . 
 so she turned her chin up and met his eyes , knowing full well that she was being foolish . 
 vivenna would never have provoked the man . 
 she would have remained quiet and demure , either solving the problem or-if there was no solution-kneeling every night until her patience impressed even the god king of hallandren . 
 but siri was not vivenna . 
 she was just going to have to accept that fact . 
 the god king continued to look at her , and siri found herself blushing . 
 she 'd knelt before him nak * d six nights in a row , but facing him unclothed was more embarrassing . 
 still , she did n't back down . 
 she continued to kneel , watching him , forcing herself to stay awake . 
 it was difficult . 
 she was tired , and the position was actually less comfortable than bowing had been . 
 she watched anyway , waiting , the hours passing . 
 eventually-at about the same time that he left the room every night-the god king stood up . 
 siri stiffened , shocked alert . 
 however , he simply walked to the door . 
 he tapped quietly , and it opened for him , servants waiting on the other side . 
 he stepped out and the door closed . 
 siri waited tensely . 
 no soldiers came to arrest her ; no priests came to chastise her . 
 eventually , she just walked over to the bed and burrowed into its covers , savoring the warmth . 
 the god king 's wrath , she thought drowsily , is decidedly less wrathful than reported . 
 with that , she fell asleep . 
 12 eventually , lightsong had to hear petitions . 
 it was annoying , since the wedding jubilation would n't even be over for another few days . 
 the people , however , needed their gods . 
 he knew he should n't feel annoyed . 
 he 'd gotten most of a week off for the wedding fete-copiously unattended by either the bride or groom-and that was enough . 
 all he had to do was spend a few hours each day looking at art and listening to the woes of the people . 
 it was n't much . 
 even if it did wear away at his sanity . 
 he sighed , sitting back in his throne . 
 he wore an embroidered cap on his head , matched by a loose robe of gold and red . 
 the garment wrapped over both shoulders , twisted about his body , and was hung with golden tassels . 
 like all of his clothing , it was even more complicated to put on than it looked . 
 if my servants were to suddenly leave me , he thought with amusement , i 'd be totally incapable of getting dressed . 
 he leaned his head on one fist , elbow on the throne 's armrest . 
 this room of his palace opened directly out onto the lawn-harsh weather was rare in hallandren , and a cool breeze blew in off of the sea , smelling of brine . 
 he closed his eyes , breathing in . 
 he 'd dreamed of war again last night . 
 llarimar had found that particularly meaningful . 
 lightsong was just disturbed . 
 everyone said that if war did come , hallandren would easily win . 
 but if that were the case , then why did he always dream of t'telir burning ? 
 not some distant idrian city , but his own home . 
 it means nothing , he told himself . 
 just a manifestation of my own worries . 
 `` next petition , your grace , '' llarimar whispered from his side . 
 lightsong sighed , opening his eyes . 
 both edges of the room were lined with priests in their coifs and robes . 
 where had he gotten so many ? 
 did any god need that much attention ? 
 he could see a line of people extending outside onto the lawn . 
 they were a sorry , forlorn lot , several coughing from some malady or another . 
 so many , he thought as a woman was led into the room . 
 he 'd been seeing petitioners for over an hour already . 
 i guess i should have expected this . 
 it 's been almost a week . 
 `` scoot , '' he said , turning to his priest . 
 `` go tell those waiting people to sit down in the grass . 
 there 's no reason for them to all stand there like that . 
 this could take some time . '' 
 llarimar hesitated . 
 standing was , of course , a sign of respect . 
 however , he nodded , waving over a lesser priest to carry the message . 
 such a crowd , waiting to see me , lightsong thought . 
 what will it take to convince the people that i 'm useless ? 
 what would it take to get them to stop coming to him ? 
 after five years of petitions , he honestly was n't certain if he could take another five . 
 the newest petitioner approached his throne . 
 she carried a child in her arms . 
 not a child ... lightsong thought , cringing mentally . 
 `` great one , '' the woman said , falling to her knees on the carpet . 
 `` lord of bravery . '' 
 lightsong did n't speak . 
 `` this is my child , halan , '' the woman said , holding out the baby . 
 as it got close enough to lightsong 's aura , the blanket burst with a sharp blue color two and half steps from pure . 
 he could easily see that the child was suffering from a terrible sickness . 
 it had lost so much weight that its skin was shriveled . 
 the baby 's breath was so weak that it flickered like a candle running out of wick . 
 it would be dead before the day was out . 
 perhaps before the hour was out . 
 `` the healers , they say he has deathfever , '' the woman said . 
 `` i know that he 's going to die . '' 
 the baby made a sound-a kind of half-cough , perhaps the closest it could get to a cry . 
 `` please , great one , '' the woman said . 
 she sniffled , then bowed her head . 
 `` oh , please . 
 he was brave , like you . 
 my breath , it would be yours . 
 the breaths of my entire family . 
 service for a hundred years , anything . 
 please , just heal him . '' 
 lightsong closed his eyes . 
 `` please , '' the woman whispered . 
 `` i can not , '' lightsong said . 
 silence . 
 `` i can not , '' lightsong said . 
 `` thank you , my lord , '' the woman finally whispered . 
 lightsong opened his eyes to see the woman being led away , weeping quietly , child clutched close to her breast . 
 the line of people watched her go , looking miserable yet hopeful at the same time . 
 one more petitioner had failed . 
 that meant they would get a chance . 
 a chance to beg lightsong to kill himself . 
 lightsong stood suddenly , grabbing the cap off his head and tossing it aside . 
 he rushed away , throwing open a door at the back of the room . 
 it slammed against the wall as he stumbled through . 
 servants and priests immediately followed after him . 
 he turned on them . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he said , waving them away . 
 many of them showed looks of surprise , unaccustomed to any kind of forcefulness on their master 's part . 
 `` leave me be ! '' 
 he shouted , towering over them . 
 colors in the room flared brighter in response to his emotion , and the servants backed down , confused , stumbling back out into the petition hall and pulling the door closed . 
 lightsong stood alone . 
 he placed one hand against the wall , breathing in and out , other hand against his forehead . 
 why was he sweating so ? 
 he 'd been through thousands of petitions , and many had been worse than the one he 'd just seen . 
 he 'd sent pregnant women to their deaths , doomed children and parents , consigned the innocent and the faithful to misery . 
 there was no reason to overreact . 
 he could take it . 
 it was a little thing , really . 
 just like absorbing the breath of a new person every week . 
 a small price to pay ... . 
 the door opened and a figure stepped in . 
 lightsong did n't turn . 
 `` what do they want of me , llarimar ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` do they really think i 'll do it ? 
 lightsong , the selfish ? 
 do they really think i 'd give my life for one of them ? '' 
 llarimar was quiet for a few moments . 
 `` you offer hope , your grace , '' he finally said . 
 `` a last , unlikely hope . 
 hope is part of faith-part of the knowledge that someday , one of your followers will receive a miracle . '' 
 `` and if they 're wrong ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` i have no desire to die . 
 i 'm an idle man , fond of luxury . 
 people like me do n't give up their lives , even if they do happen to be gods . '' 
 llarimar did n't reply . 
 `` the good ones are all already dead , scoot , '' lightsong said . 
 `` calmseer , brighthue : those were gods who would give themselves away . 
 the rest of us are selfish . 
 there has n't been a petition granted in what , three years ? '' 
 `` about that , your grace , '' llarimar said quietly . 
 `` and why should it be otherwise ? '' 
 lightsong said , laughing a bit . 
 `` i mean , we have to die to heal one of them . 
 does n't that strike you as ridiculous ? 
 what kind of religion encourages its members to come and petition for their god 's life ? '' 
 lightsong shook his head . 
 `` it 's ironic . 
 we 're gods to them only until they kill us . 
 and i think i might know why the gods give in . 
 it 's those petitions , being forced to sit day after day , knowing that you could save one of them-that you probably should , since your life is n't really worth anything . 
 that 's enough to drive a man mad . 
 enough to drive him to kill himself ! '' 
 he smiled , glancing at his high priest . 
 `` suicide by divine manifestation . 
 very dramatic . '' 
 `` shall i call off the rest of the petitions , your grace ? '' 
 llarimar gave no sign of being annoyed by the outburst . 
 `` sure , why not , '' lightsong said , waving a hand . 
 `` they really need a lesson in theology . 
 they should already know what a useless god i am . 
 send them away , tell them to come back tomorrow-assuming that they are foolish enough to do so . '' 
 `` yes , your grace , '' llarimar said , bowing . 
 does n't that man ever get mad at me ? 
 lightsong thought . 
 he , more than any , should know that i 'm not a person to rely upon ! 
 lightsong turned , walking away as llarimar went back into the petition room . 
 no servants tried to follow him . 
 lightsong pushed his way through red-hued room after red-hued room , eventually finding his way to a stairwell and climbing up to the second story . 
 this floor was open on all sides , really nothing more than a large covered patio . 
 he walked to the far side-the one opposite the line of people . 
 the breeze was strong here . 
 he felt it plucking at his robes , bringing with it scents that had traveled hundreds of miles , crossed the ocean , twisting around palm trees and finally entering the court of gods . 
 he stood there for a long time , looking out over the city , toward the sea beyond . 
 he had no desire , despite what he sometimes said , to leave his comfortable home in the court . 
 he was not a man of jungles ; he was a man of parties . 
 but sometimes he wished that he could at least want to be something else . 
 blushweaver 's words still weighed upon him . 
 you 'll have to stand for something eventually , lightsong . 
 you 're a god to these people ... . 
 he was . 
 whether he wanted to be or not . 
 that was the frustrating part . 
 he 'd tried his best to be useless and vain . 
 and still they came . 
 we could use your confidence ... you 're a better man than you give yourself credit for being . 
 why did it seem that the more he demonstrated himself to be an idiot , the more convinced people became that he had some kind of hidden depths ? 
 by implication , they called him a liar in the same breath that they complimented his presumed inner virtue . 
 did no one understand that a man could be both likable and useless ? 
 not every quick-tongued fool was a hero in disguise . 
 his life sense alerted him of llarimar 's return long before footsteps did . 
 the priest walked up to join lightsong alongside the wall . 
 llarimar rested his arms on the railing-which , being built for a god , was about a foot too high for the priest . 
 `` they 're gone , '' llarimar said . 
 `` ah , very good , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i do believe that we 've accomplished something today . 
 i 've fled from my responsibilities , screamed at my servants , and sat about pouting . 
 undoubtedly , this will convince everyone that i 'm even more noble and honorable than they previously assumed . 
 tomorrow , there will be twice as many petitions , and i shall continue my inexorable march toward utter madness . '' 
 `` you ca n't go mad , '' llarimar said softly . 
 `` it 's impossible . '' 
 `` sure i can , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i just have to concentrate long enough . 
 you see , the great thing about madness is that it 's all in your head . '' 
 llarimar shook his head . 
 `` i see you 've been restored to your normal humor . '' 
 `` scoot , you wound me . 
 my humor is anything but normal . '' 
 they stood silently for a few more minutes , llarimar offering no chastisement or commentary on his god 's actions . 
 just like a good little priest . 
 that made lightsong think of something . 
 `` scoot , you 're my high priest . '' 
 `` yes , your grace . '' 
 lightsong sighed . 
 `` you really need to pay attention to the lines i 'm feeding you , scoot . 
 you really should have said something pithy there . '' 
 `` i apologize , your grace . '' 
 `` just try harder next time . 
 anyway , you know about theology and that sort of thing , correct ? '' 
 `` i 've studied my share , your grace . '' 
 `` well then , what is the point-religiously-of having gods that can only heal one person , then die ? 
 it seems counterproductive to me . 
 easy way to depopulate your pantheon . '' 
 llarimar leaned forward , staring out over the city . 
 `` it 's complicated , your grace . 
 returned are n't just gods-they 're men who died , but who decided to come back and offer blessings and knowledge . 
 after all , only one who has died can have anything useful to say about the other side . '' 
 `` true , i suppose . '' 
 `` the thing is , your grace , returned are n't meant to stay . 
 we extend their lives , giving them extra time to bless us . 
 but they 're really only supposed to remain alive as long as it takes them to do what they need to . '' 
 `` need to ? '' 
 lightsong said . 
 `` that seems rather vague . '' 
 llarimar shrugged . 
 `` returned have ... goals . 
 objectives which are their own . 
 you knew of yours before you decided to come back , but the process of leaping across the iridescent wave leaves the memory fragmented . 
 stay long enough , and you 'll remember what you came to accomplish . 
 the petitions ... they 're a way of helping you to remember . '' 
 `` so i 've come back to save one person 's life ? '' 
 lightsong said , frowning , but feeling embarrassed . 
 in five years , he 'd spent little time studying his own theology . 
 but , well , that was the sort of thing priests were for . 
 `` not necessarily , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` you may have come back to save one person . 
 but , more likely , there is information about the future or the afterlife that you felt you needed to share . 
 or perhaps some great event in which you felt you needed to participate . 
 remember , it was the heroic way in which you died that gave you the power to return in the first place . 
 what you are to do might relate to that , somehow . '' 
 llarimar trailed off slightly , his eyes growing unfocused . 
 `` you saw something , lightsong . 
 on the other side , the future is visible , like a scroll that stretches into the eternal harmonics of the cosmos . 
 something you saw-something about the future-worried you . 
 rather than remaining at peace , you took the opportunity that your brave death afforded you , and you returned to the world . 
 determined to fix a problem , share information , or otherwise help those who continued to live . 
 `` someday , once you feel that you 've accomplished your task , you can use the petitions to find someone who deserves your breath . 
 then you can continue your journey across the iridescent wave . 
 our job , as your followers , is to provide breath for you and keep you alive until you can accomplish your goal , whatever it may be . 
 in the meantime , we pry for auguries and blessings , which can be gleaned only from one who has touched the future as you have . '' 
 lightsong did n't respond immediately . 
 `` and if i do n't believe ? '' 
 `` in what , your grace ? '' 
 `` in any of it , '' lightsong said . 
 `` that returned are gods , that these visions are anything more than random inventions of my brain . 
 what if i do n't believe that i had any purpose or plan in returning ? '' 
 `` then maybe that 's what you came back to discover . '' 
 `` so ... wait . 
 you 're saying that on the other side-where i obviously believed in the other side-i realized that if i returned i would n't believe in the other side , so i came back with the purpose of discovering faith in the other side , which i only lost because i returned in the first place ? '' 
 llarimar paused . 
 then he smiled . 
 `` that last one breaks down a little bit in the face of logic , does n't it ? '' 
 `` yeah , a little bit , '' lightsong said , smiling back . 
 he turned , eyes falling on the god king 's palace , standing like a monument above the other court structures . 
 `` what do you think of her ? '' 
 `` the new queen ? '' 
 llarimar asked . 
 `` i have n't met her , your grace . 
 she wo n't be presented for another few days . '' 
 `` not the person . 
 the implications . '' 
 llarimar glanced at him . 
 `` your grace . 
 that smells of an interest in politics ! '' 
 `` blah blah , yes , i know . 
 lightsong is a hypocrite . 
 i 'll do penance for it later . 
 now answer the blasted question . '' 
 llarimar smiled . 
 `` i do n't know what to think of her , your grace . 
 the court of twenty years ago thought bringing a royal daughter here was a good idea . '' 
 yes , lightsong thought . 
 but that court is gone . 
 the gods had thought melding the royal line back into hallandren would be a good idea . 
 but those gods-the ones who believed they knew how to deal with the idrian girl 's arrival-were now dead . 
 they 'd left inferior replacements . 
 if what llarimar said was true , then there was something important about the things lightsong saw . 
 those visions of war , and the terrible sense of foreboding . 
 for reasons he could n't explain , it felt to him like his people were barely headfirst down a mountain slope , completely ignorant of a bottomless chasm hidden in the cleft of the lands before them . 
 `` the full court assembly meets in judgment tomorrow , does n't it ? '' 
 lightsong said , still looking at the black palace . 
 `` yes , your grace . '' 
 `` contact blushweaver . 
 see if i can share a box with her during the judgments . 
 perhaps she will distract me . 
 you know what a headache politics gives me . '' 
 `` you ca n't get headaches , your grace . '' 
 in the distance , lightsong could see the rejected petitioners trailing out of the gates , returning to the city , leaving their gods behind . 
 `` could have fooled me , '' he said quietly . 
 siri stood in the dark black bedroom , wearing her shift , looking out the window . 
 the god king 's palace was higher than the surrounding wall , and the bedroom faced east . 
 out over the sea . 
 she watched the distant waves , feeling the heat of the afternoon sun . 
 while she was wearing the thin shift , the warmth was actually pleasant , and it was tempered by a cool breeze blowing in off the ocean . 
 the wind teased her long hair , ruffling the fabric of her shift . 
 she should be dead . 
 she had spoken directly to the god king , had sat up and made a demand of him . 
 she 'd waited all morning for punishment . 
 there had been none . 
 she leaned down against the windowsill , arms crossed on the stone , closing her eyes and feeling the sea breeze . 
 a part of her was still aghast at the way she had acted . 
 that part was growing smaller and smaller . 
 i 've been going about things wrong here , she thought . 
 i 've let myself be pushed about by my fears and worries . 
 she did n't usually take time to bother with fears and worries . 
 she just did what seemed right . 
 she was beginning to feel that she should have stood up to the god king days ago . 
 perhaps she was n't being cautious enough . 
 perhaps punishment would still come . 
 however , for the moment , she felt as if she 'd accomplished something . 
 she smiled , opening her eyes , and let her hair change to a determined golden yellow . 
 it was time to stop being afraid . 
 13 i 'll give it away , '' vivenna said firmly . 
 she sat with the mercenaries in lemex 's home . 
 it was the day after the breaths had been forced upon her , and she had spent a restless night , letting the mercenaries and the nurse see to the disposal of lemex 's body . 
 she did n't remember falling asleep from the exhaustion and stress of the day , but she did remember lying down to rest for a short time in the other upstairs bedroom . 
 when she 'd awoken , she 'd been surprised to find that the mercenaries were still there . 
 apparently , they and parlin had slept downstairs . 
 a night 's perspective had n't helped her much with her problems . 
 she still had all of that filthy breath , and she still had no idea what she was going to do in hallandren without lemex . 
 at least with the breath , she had an idea of what to do . 
 it could be given away . 
 they were in lemex 's sitting room . 
 like most places in hallandren , the room was swollen with colors ; the walls were made from thin strips of reedlike wood , stained in bright yellows and greens . 
 vivenna could n't help but notice that she saw each color more vibrantly now . 
 she had a strangely precise sense of color-she could divide its shades and hues , understanding instinctively how close each color was to the ideal . 
 it was like perfect pitch for the eyes . 
 it was very , very difficult not to see beauty in the colors . 
 denth leaned against the far wall . 
 tonk fah lounged on a couch , yawning periodically , his colorful bird perched on his foot . 
 parlin had gone to stand watch outside . 
 `` give it away , princess ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 `` the breath , '' vivenna said . 
 she sat on a kitchen stool instead of one of the overly plush chairs or couches . 
 `` we will go out and find unfortunate people who have been raped by your culture , their breath stolen , and i will give each one a breath . '' 
 denth shot a glace at tonk fah , who simply yawned . 
 `` princess , '' denth said , `` you ca n't give breath away one at a time . 
 you have to give it all away at once . '' 
 `` including your own breath , '' tonk fah said . 
 denth nodded . 
 `` that would leave you as a drab . '' 
 vivenna 's stomach churned at that . 
 the thought of not only losing the new beauty and color , but her own breath , her soul ... well , it was almost enough to turn her hair white . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` that 's not an option , then . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 `` she could awaken stuff , '' tonk fah noted , wiggling his foot , making his bird squawk . 
 `` stick the breath inside of a pair of pants or something . '' 
 `` that 's a good point , '' denth said . 
 `` what ... does that entail ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` you bring something to life , princess , '' denth said . 
 `` an inanimate object . 
 that 'll draw out some of your breath and leave the object kind of alive . 
 most awakeners do it temporarily , but i do n't see why you could n't just leave the breath there . '' 
 awakening . 
 taking the souls of men and using them to create unliving monstrosities . 
 somehow , vivenna felt that austre would find that an even greater sin than simply bearing the breath . 
 she sighed , shaking her head . 
 the problem with the breath was , in a way , just a distraction-one she feared she was using to keep herself from dwelling on the lack of lemex . 
 what was she going to do ? 
 denth sat down in a chair beside her , resting his feet on the sitting table . 
 he kept himself better groomed than tonk fah , his dark hair pulled back into a neat tail , his face clean-shaven . 
 `` i hate being a mercenary , '' he said . 
 `` you know why ? '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` no job security , '' denth said , leaning back in his chair . 
 `` the kinds of things we do , they tend to be dangerous and unpredictable . 
 our employers have a habit of dying off on us . '' 
 `` though usually not from the chills , '' tonk fah noted . 
 `` swords tend to be the method of choice . '' 
 `` take our current predicament , '' denth said . 
 `` no more employer . 
 that leaves us without any real direction . '' 
 vivenna froze . 
 does that mean their contract is over ? 
 they know i 'm a princess of idris . 
 what will they do with that information ? 
 is that why they stayed here last night , rather than leaving ? 
 are they planning to blackmail me ? 
 denth eyed her . 
 `` you see that ? '' 
 he asked , turning to tonk fah . 
 `` yeah , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` she 's thinking it . '' 
 denth leaned back further in his chair . 
 `` this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
 why does everyone assume that when a mercenary 's contract is over , he 'll betray them ? 
 you think we go around stabbing people for the fun of it ? 
 do you think a surgeon has this problem ? 
 do people worry that the moment they 're done paying him , he 'll laugh maniacally and cut off their toes ? '' 
 `` i like cutting off toes , '' tonk fah noted . 
 `` that 's different , '' denth said . 
 `` you would n't do it simply because your contract ran out , would you ? '' 
 `` nah , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` toes is toes . '' 
 vivenna rolled her eyes . 
 `` is there a point to this ? '' 
 `` the point is , princess , '' denth said , `` you were just thinking that we were going to betray you . 
 maybe rob you blind or sell you to slavery or something . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i was thinking nothing of the sort . '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' denth replied . 
 `` mercenary work is very respectable-it 's legal in almost every kingdom i know . 
 we 're just as much a part of the community as the baker or the fishmonger . '' 
 `` not that we pay the tax collectors , '' tonk fah added . 
 `` we tend to stab them for the fun of it . '' 
 vivenna just shook her head . 
 denth leaned forward , speaking in a more serious tone . 
 `` what i 'm trying to say , princess , is that we 're not criminals . 
 we 're employees . 
 your friend lemex was our boss . 
 now he 's dead . 
 i figure that our contract transfers to you now , if you want it . '' 
 vivenna felt a slight glimmer of hope . 
 but could she trust them ? 
 despite denth 's speech , she found it hard to have faith in the motives and altruism of a pair of men who fought for money . 
 however , they had n't taken advantage of lemex 's sickness , and they had stayed around even after they could have robbed the place and left while she was asleep . 
 `` all right , '' she said . 
 `` how much is left on your contract ? '' 
 `` no idea , '' denth said . 
 `` jewels handles that kind of thing . '' 
 `` jewels ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` third member of the group , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` she 's off doing jewels stuff . '' 
 vivenna frowned . 
 `` how many of you are there ? '' 
 `` just three , '' denth said . 
 `` unless you count pets , '' tonk fah said , balancing his bird on his foot . 
 `` she 'll be back in a while , '' denth said . 
 `` she stopped in last night , but you were asleep . 
 anyway , i know we 've got at least a few months left on our contract , and we were paid half up front . 
 even if you decide not to pay the rest , we probably owe you a few more weeks . '' 
 tonk fah nodded . 
 `` so if there 's anyone you want killed , now would be the time . '' 
 vivenna stared , and tonk fah chuckled . 
 `` you 're really going to have to get used to our terrible senses of humor , princess , '' denth said . 
 `` assuming , of course , you 're going to keep us around . '' 
 `` i 've already implied that i 'll keep you , '' vivenna said . 
 `` all right , '' denth replied . 
 `` but what are you going to do with us ? 
 why did you even come to the city ? '' 
 vivenna did n't answer immediately . 
 no point in holding back , she thought . 
 they know the most dangerous secret-my identity-already . 
 `` i 'm here to rescue my sister , '' she said . 
 `` to sneak her out of the god king 's palace and see her returned to idris unharmed . '' 
 the mercenaries fell silent . 
 finally , tonk fah whistled . 
 `` ambitious , '' he noted as his parrot mimicked the whistle . 
 `` she is a princess , '' denth said . 
 `` they tend to be ambitious sorts . '' 
 `` siri is n't ready to deal with hallandren , '' vivenna said , leaning forward . 
 `` my father sent her in my place , but i can not stand the thought of her serving as the god king 's wife . 
 unfortunately , if we simply grab her and go , hallandren will likely attack my homeland . 
 we need to make her disappear in a way that is n't traceable to my people . 
 if necessary , we can substitute me for my sister . '' 
 denth scratched his head . 
 `` well ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` little bit out of our realm of expertise , '' denth said . 
 `` we usually hit things , '' tonk fah said . 
 denth nodded . 
 `` or , at least , keep things from getting hit . 
 lemex kept us on partially just as bodyguards . '' 
 `` why would n't he just send for a couple of idris soldiers to protect him ? '' 
 denth and tonk fah exchanged a look . 
 `` how can i put this delicately ? '' 
 denth said . 
 `` princess , your lemex was embezzling money from the king and spending it on breath . '' 
 `` lemex was a patriot ! '' 
 vivenna said immediately . 
 `` that may have been the case , '' denth said . 
 `` but even a good priest is n't above slipping himself a few coins out of the coffer , so to speak . 
 i think your lemex figured it would be better to have outside muscle , rather than inside loyalists , protecting him . '' 
 vivenna fell silent . 
 it was still hard to imagine the thoughtful , clever , and passionate man represented in lemex 's letters as a thief . 
 yet it was also hard to imagine lemex holding as much breath as he obviously had . 
 but embezzling ? 
 stealing from idris itself ? 
 `` you learn things as a mercenary , '' denth said , resting back with hands behind his head . 
 `` you fight enough people , and you figure you start to understand them . 
 you stay alive by anticipating them . 
 the thing is , people are n't simple . 
 even idrians . '' 
 `` boring , yes , '' tonk fah added . 
 `` but not simple . '' 
 `` your lemex , he was involved in some big plans , '' denth said . 
 `` i honestly think he was a patriot . 
 there are many intrigues going on in this city , princess-some of the projects lemex had us working on had a grand scope , and were for the good of idris , as near as i can tell . 
 i guess he just thought he should be compensated a little for his patriotism . '' 
 `` quite an amiable fellow , actually , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` did n't want to bother your father . 
 so he just did the figures on his own , gave himself a raise , and indicated in his reports that his costs were far greater than they really were . '' 
 vivenna fell silent , letting herself digest the words . 
 how could anyone who stole money from idris also be a patriot ? 
 how could a person faithful to austre end up with several hundred biochromatic breaths ? 
 she shook her head wryly . 
 i saw men who placed themselves above others , and i saw them cast down , she quoted to herself . 
 it was one of the five visions . 
 she should n't judge lemex , particularly now that he was dead . 
 `` wait , '' she said , eyeing the mercenaries . 
 `` you said that you were just bodyguards . 
 what , then , were you doing helping lemex with ` projects ' ? '' 
 the two men shared a look . 
 `` told you she was smart , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` comes from not being a mercenary . '' 
 `` we are bodyguards , princess , '' denth said . 
 `` however , we 're not without certain ... skills . 
 we can make things happen . '' 
 `` things ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 denth shrugged . 
 `` we know people . 
 that 's part of what makes us useful . 
 let me think about this issue with your sister . 
 maybe i 'll be able to come up with some ideas . 
 it 's a little like kidnapping ... . '' 
 `` which , '' tonk fah said , `` we 're not too fond of . 
 did we mention that ? '' 
 `` yes , '' vivenna said . 
 `` bad business . 
 no money . 
 what were these ` projects ' lemex was working on ? '' 
 `` i 'm not exactly sure of the whole of them , '' denth admitted . 
 `` we only saw pieces-running errands , arranging meetings , intimidating people . 
 it had something to do with work for your father . 
 we can find out for you , if you want . '' 
 vivenna nodded . 
 `` i do . '' 
 denth stood . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 he walked past tonk fah 's couch , smacking the larger man 's leg , causing the bird to squawk . 
 `` tonk . 
 come on . 
 time to ransack the house . '' 
 tonk fah yawned and sat up . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 vivenna said . 
 `` ransack the house ? '' 
 `` sure , '' denth said , heading up the stairs . 
 `` break out any hidden safes . 
 search through papers and files . 
 figure out what old lemex was up to . '' 
 `` he wo n't care much , '' tonk fah said , standing . 
 `` being dead and all . '' 
 vivenna shivered . 
 she still wished she 'd been able to see that lemex got a proper idrian burial , rather than sending him off to the hallandren charnel house . 
 having a pair of toughs search his belongings felt unseemly . 
 denth must have noticed her discomfort . 
 `` we do n't have to , if you do n't want us to . '' 
 `` sure , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` we 'll never know what lemex was up to , though . '' 
 `` continue , '' vivenna said . 
 `` but i 'm going to supervise . '' 
 `` actually , i doubt that you will , '' denth said . 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 `` because , '' denth said . 
 `` now , i know nobody ever asks mercenaries for their opinion . 
 you see - '' `` oh , just get on with it , '' vivenna said with annoyance , though she immediately chastised herself for her snappishness . 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 the last few days must be wearing on her . 
 denth just smiled , as if he found her outburst incredibly amusing . 
 `` today 's the day when the returned hold their court assembly , princess . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 vivenna asked with forced calmness . 
 `` so , '' denth replied , `` it 's also the day when your sister will be presented to the gods . 
 i suspect that you 'll want to go get a good look at her , see how she 's holding up . 
 if you 're going to do that , you 'll want to get moving . 
 court assembly will begin pretty soon . '' 
 vivenna folded her arms , not moving . 
 `` i 've been tutored all about these things , denth . 
 regular people ca n't just walk into the court of gods . 
 if you want to watch the judgments at the court assembly , you either have to be favored of one of the gods , be extremely influential , or you have to draw and win the lottery . '' 
 `` true , '' denth said , leaning against the banister . 
 `` if only we knew someone with enough biochromatic breaths to instantly be considered important , and therefore gain entrance to the court without being questioned . '' 
 `` ah , denth , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` someone has to have at least fifty breaths to be considered worthy ! 
 that 's a terribly high number . '' 
 vivenna paused . 
 `` and ... how many breaths do i have ? '' 
 `` oh , around five hundred or so , '' denth said . 
 `` at least , that 's what lemex claimed . 
 i 'm inclined to believe him . 
 you are , after all , making the carpet shine . '' 
 she glanced down , noticing for the first time that she was creating a pocket of enhanced color around her . 
 it was n't very distinct , but it was noticeable . 
 `` you 'd better get going , princess , '' denth said , continuing to clomp up the stairs . 
 `` you 'll be late . '' 
 <br/> taken in , then never released . 
 `` lightsong , dear , '' she said , smiling more deeply as lightsong 's servants scuttled forward , setting up his chair , footrest , and snack table . 
 `` blushweaver , '' lightsong replied . 
 `` my high priest tells me that you 're to blame for this dreary weather . '' 
 blushweaver raised an eyebrow , and to the side-standing with the other priests-llarimar flushed . 
 `` i like the rain , '' blushweaver finally said , lounging back on her couch . 
 `` it 's ... different . 
 i like things that are different . '' 
 `` then you should be thoroughly bored by me , my dear , '' lightsong said , seating himself and taking a handful of grapes-already peeled-from the bowl on his snack table . 
 `` bored ? '' 
 blushweaver asked . 
 `` i strive for nothing if not mediocrity , and mediocrity is hardly different . 
 in fact , i should say that it 's highly in fashion in court these days . '' 
 `` you should n't say such things , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` the people might start to believe you . '' 
 `` you mistake me . 
 that 's why i say them . 
 i figure if i ca n't do properly deific miracles like control the weather , then i might as well settle for the lesser miracle of being the one who tells the truth . '' 
 `` hum , '' she replied , stretching back , the tips of her fingers wiggling as she sighed in contentment . 
 `` our priests say that the purpose of the gods is not to play with weather or prevent disasters , but to provide visions and service to the people . 
 perhaps this attitude of yours is not the best way to see to their interests . '' 
 `` you 're right , of course , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i 've just had a revelation . 
 mediocrity is n't the best way to serve our people . '' 
 `` what is , then ? '' 
 `` medium rare on a bed of sweet-potato medallions , '' he said , popping a grape in his mouth . 
 `` with a slight garnish of garlic and a light white wine sauce . '' 
 `` you 're incorrigible , '' she said , finishing her stretch . 
 `` i am what the universe made me to be , my dear . '' 
 `` you bow before the whims of the universe , then ? '' 
 `` what else would i do ? '' 
 `` fight it , '' blushweaver said . 
 she narrowed her eyes , absently reaching to take one of the grapes from lightsong 's hand . 
 `` fight with everything , force the universe to bow to you instead . '' 
 `` that 's a charming concept , blushweaver . 
 but i believe that universe and i are in slightly different weight categories . '' 
 `` i think you 're wrong . '' 
 `` are you saying i 'm fat ? '' 
 she regarded him with a flat glance . 
 `` i 'm saying that you need n't be so humble , lightsong . 
 you 're a god . '' 
 `` a god who ca n't even make it stop raining . '' 
 `` i want it to storm and tempest . 
 maybe this drizzle is the compromise between us . '' 
 lightsong popped another grape in his mouth , squishing it between his teeth , feeling the sweet juice leak onto his palate . 
 he thought for a moment , chewing . 
 `` blushweaver , dear , '' he finally said . 
 `` is there some kind of subtext to our current conversation ? 
 because , as you might know , i am absolutely terrible with subtext . 
 it gives me a headache . '' 
 `` you ca n't get headaches , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` well i ca n't get subtext either . 
 far too subtle for me . 
 it takes effort to understand , and effort is-unfortunately-against my religion . '' 
 blushweaver raised an eyebrow . 
 `` a new tenet for those who worship you ? '' 
 `` oh , not that religion , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i 'm secretly a worshipper of austre . 
 his is such a delightfully blunt theology-black , white , no bothering with complications . 
 faith without any bothersome thinking . '' 
 blushweaver stole another grape . 
 `` you just do n't know austrism well enough . 
 it 's complex . 
 if you 're looking for something really simple , you should try the pahn kahl faith . '' 
 lightsong frowned . 
 `` do n't they just worship the returned , like the rest of us ? '' 
 `` no . 
 they have their own religion . '' 
 `` but everyone knows the pahn kahl are practically hallandren . '' 
 blushweaver shrugged , watching the stadium floor below . 
 `` and how exactly did we get onto this tangent , anyway ? '' 
 lightsong said . 
 `` i swear , my dear . 
 sometimes our conversations remind me of a broken sword . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` sharp as hell , '' lightsong said , `` but lacking a point . '' 
 blushweaver snorted quietly . 
 `` you 're the one who asked to meet with me , lightsong . '' 
 `` yes , but we both know that you wanted me to . 
 what are you planning , blushweaver ? '' 
 blushweaver rolled her grape between her fingers . 
 `` wait , '' she said . 
 lightsong sighed , waving for a servant to bring him some nuts . 
 one placed a bowl on the table ; then another came forward and began to crack them for him . 
 `` first you imply that i should join with you , now you wo n't tell me what you want me to do ? 
 i swear , woman . 
 someday , your ridiculous sense of drama is going to cause cataclysmic problems-like , for instance , boredom in your companions . '' 
 `` it 's not drama , '' she said . 
 `` it 's respect . '' 
 she nodded directly across the arena , where the god king 's box still stood empty , golden throne sitting on a pedestal above the box itself . 
 `` ah . 
 feeling patriotic today , are we ? '' 
 `` it 's more that i 'm curious . '' 
 `` about ? '' 
 `` her . '' 
 `` the queen ? '' 
 blushweaver gave him a flat stare . 
 `` of course , her . 
 who else would i be speaking about ? '' 
 lightsong counted off the days . 
 it had been a week . 
 `` huh , '' he said to himself . 
 `` her period of isolation is over , then ? '' 
 `` you really should pay more attention , lightsong . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` time tends to pass you by more quickly when you take no notice of it , my dear . 
 in that , it 's remarkably similar to most women i know . '' 
 with that , he accepted a handful of nuts , then settled back to wait . 
 <br/> she sat back in her chair , shaking her head as one of the servants offered her food . 
 there were still four or five gods left to arrive . 
 apparently , the hallandren deities were n't as punctual as bluefingers 's schedule-keeping had led her to believe . 
 <br/> she sat back in her chair , shaking her head as one of the servants offered her food . 
 there were still four or five gods left to arrive . 
 apparently , the hallandren deities were n't as punctual as bluefingers 's schedule-keeping had led her to believe . 
 <br/> he regarded her , expression blank and unreadable , face so controlled that he reminded siri of vivenna . 
 vivenna . 
 she would n't have been so belligerent . 
 she would have deserved marriage to such a majestic creature . 
 the serving woman hissed quietly , tugging again at siri 's dress . 
 belatedly , siri dropped to her knees on the stone , the long train of her dress flapping slightly in the wind behind her . 
 <br/> that 's it , she thought . 
 i 've seen siri , and i know what they 've done with her . 
 it 's time to go . 
 turning , she stood . 
 and froze . 
 a man was standing two rows back , and he was staring directly at vivenna . 
 she normally would n't have paid him any attention . 
 he was wearing ragged brown clothing , ripped in places , his loose trousers tied at the waist by a simple rope . 
 his facial hair was halfway between being a beard and just scruff . 
 his hair was unkempt and came down to his shoulders . 
 and he created a bubble of color around him so bright that he had to be of the fifth heightening . 
 he stared at her , meeting her eyes , and she had a sudden and awful panicked sense that he knew exactly who she was . 
 she stumbled back . 
 the strange man did n't take his eyes off of her . 
 he shifted , pushing back his cloak and exposing a large , black-hilted sword at his belt . 
 few people in hallandren wore weapons . 
 this man did n't seem to care . 
 how had he gotten that thing into the court ? 
 the people to the sides gave him a wide berth , and vivenna swore she could sense something about that sword . 
 it seemed to darken colors . 
 deepen them . 
 make tans into browns , reds into maroons , blues into navies . 
 as if it had its own biochroma ... `` parlin , '' she said , more sharply than she 'd intended . 
 `` we 're leaving . '' 
 `` but - '' `` now , '' vivenna said , turning and rushing away . 
 her newfound biochromatic senses informed her that the man 's eyes were still on her . 
 now that she realized it , she understood that his eyes on her were probably what had made her so uncomfortable in the first place . 
 the tutors spoke of this , she thought as she and parlin made their way to one of the stone exit passages . 
 life sense , the ability to tell when there are people nearby , and to tell when they 're watching you . 
 everyone has it to a small degree . 
 biochroma enhances that . 
 as soon as they entered the passage , the sense of being watched vanished , and vivenna let out a relieved breath . 
 `` i do n't see why you wanted to leave , '' parlin said . 
 `` we 've seen what we needed to , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i guess , '' parlin said . 
 `` i thought you might want to listen to what the priests were saying about idris . '' 
 vivenna froze . 
 `` what ? '' 
 parlin frowned , looking distraught . 
 `` i think they might be declaring war . 
 do n't we have a treaty ? '' 
 lord god of colors ! 
 vivenna thought , turning and scrambling back up into the open arena . 
 16 '' ... still say that we can not possibly justify military action against idris ! '' 
 a priest shouted . 
 the man wore blue and gold . 
 it was stillmark 's high priest-lightsong could n't quite remember the man 's name . 
 nanrovah ? 
 the argument was not unexpected . 
 lightsong leaned forward . 
 nanrovah and his master , stillmark , were both staunch traditionalists . 
 they tended to argue against pretty much every proposal , but were well respected . 
 stillmark was nearly as old as blushweaver , and was considered wise . 
 lightsong rubbed his chin . 
 opposing nanrovah was blushweaver 's own high priestess , inhanna . 
 `` oh , come now , '' the woman said from the sands down below . 
 `` do we really need to have this argument again ? 
 idris is nothing more than a rebel enclave set up inside the borders of our own kingdom ! '' 
 `` they keep to themselves , '' nanrovah said . 
 `` holding lands we do n't want anyway . '' 
 `` lands we do n't want ? '' 
 blushweaver 's priestess said , sputtering . 
 `` they hold every single pass to the northern kingdoms ! 
 every workable copper mine ! 
 they have military garrisons within striking distance of t'telir ! 
 and they still claim to be ruled by the rightful kings of hallandren ! '' 
 nanrovah fell silent , and there was a surprisingly large rumble of assent from the watching priests . 
 lightsong eyed them . 
 `` you 've seeded the group with people sympathetic to your cause ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` of course , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` so did the others . 
 i just did a better job . '' 
 the debate continued , other priests stepping up to argue for and against an assault on idris . 
 the priests spoke the concerns of the people of the nation ; part of their duty was to listen to the people and study issues of national import , then discuss them here so that the gods-who did n't have the opportunity to go out among the people-could be kept informed . 
 if an issue came to a head , the gods would make their judgments . 
 they were divided into subgroups , each having responsibility for a certain area . 
 some gods were in charge of civic issues ; others governed agreements and treaties . 
 idris was not a new topic for the assembly . 
 however , lightsong had never seen the discussion become so explicit and extreme . 
 sanctions had been discussed . 
 blockades . 
 even some military pressure . 
 but war ? 
 nobody had said the word yet , but they all knew what the priests were discussing . 
 he could not dispel the images from his dreams-visions of death and pain . 
 he did not accept them as prophetic , but he did acknowledge that they must have something to do with the worries inside his subconscious . 
 he feared what war would do to them . 
 perhaps he was just a coward . 
 it did seem that suppressing idris would solve so much . 
 `` you 're behind this debate , are n't you , '' he said , turning to blushweaver . 
 `` behind it ? '' 
 blushweaver said sweetly . 
 `` dear lightsong , the priests decide the issues to be discussed . 
 gods do n't bother with such mundanity . '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' lightsong said , reclining . 
 `` you want my lifeless commands . '' 
 `` i would n't say that , '' blushweaver said , `` i just want you to be informed should you ... '' she trailed off as lightsong gave her a flat look . 
 `` aw , colors , '' she swore . 
 `` of course i need your commands , lightsong . 
 why else would i go to all the trouble to get you up here ? 
 you 're a very difficult person to manipulate , you know . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' he said . 
 `` you just have to promise me that i wo n't have to do a thing , and then i 'll do anything you want . '' 
 `` anything ? '' 
 `` anything that does n't require doing anything . '' 
 `` that 's nothing , then . '' 
 `` is it ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` well , that 's something ! '' 
 blushweaver rolled her eyes . 
 lightsong was more troubled than he let on . 
 the arguments for attack had never been so strong . 
 there was proof of a military buildup in idris and the highlanders had been particularly stingy with the northern passes lately . 
 beyond that , there was a growing belief that the returned were weaker than they 'd been in previous generations . 
 not less powerful in biochroma , just less ... divine . 
 less benevolent , less wise . 
 lightsong happened to agree . 
 it had been three years since a returned had given up his or her life to heal someone . 
 the people were growing impatient with their gods . 
 `` there 's more , is n't there ? '' 
 he said , glancing at blushweaver , who was still lounging back , delicately eating cherries . 
 `` what are n't they saying ? '' 
 `` lightsong , dear , '' she said . 
 `` you were right . 
 bring you to government proceedings , and it absolutely corrupts you . '' 
 `` i just do n't like secrets , '' he said . 
 `` they make my brain itch , keep me awake at nights . 
 engaging in politics is like pulling off a bandage-best to get the pain over with quickly . '' 
 blushweaver pursed her lips . 
 `` forced simile , dear . '' 
 `` best i can do at the moment , i 'm afraid . 
 nothing dulls the wit more quickly than politics . 
 now , you were saying ... '' she snorted . 
 `` i 've told you already . 
 the focus of all this is that woman . '' 
 `` the queen , '' he said , glancing at the god king 's box . 
 `` they sent the wrong one , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` the younger instead of the elder . '' 
 `` i know , '' lightsong said . 
 `` clever of them . '' 
 `` clever ? '' 
 blushweaver said . 
 `` it 's downright brilliant . 
 do you know what a fortune we paid these last twenty years to spy upon , study , and learn about the eldest daughter ? 
 those of us who thought to be careful even studied the second daughter , the one they 've made a monk . 
 but the youngest ? 
 nobody gave her half a thought . '' 
 and so the idrians send a random element into court , lightsong thought . 
 one that upsets plans and conniving that our politicians have been working on for decades . 
 it was brilliant . 
 `` nobody knows anything about her , '' blushweaver said , frowning deeply . 
 she obviously did not like being taken by surprise . 
 `` my spies in idris insist the girl is of little consequence-which makes me worry that she is even more dangerous than i 'd feared . '' 
 lightsong raised an eyebrow . 
 `` and you do n't think , maybe , that you might be overreacting a tad ? '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 blushweaver asked . 
 `` and tell me , what would you do if you wanted to inject an agent into the court ? 
 would you , perhaps , set up a decoy that you could display , drawing attention away from the real agent , whom you could train secretly with a clandestine agenda ? '' 
 lightsong rubbed his chin . 
 she has a point . 
 maybe . 
 living among so many scheming people tended to make one see plots everywhere . 
 however , the plot that blushweaver suggested had a very serious chance of being dangerous . 
 what better way to get an assassin close to the god king than to send someone to marry him ? 
 no , that would n't be it . 
 killing the god king would just cause hallandren to go on the rampage . 
 but if they 'd sent a woman skilled in the art of manipulation-a woman who could secretly poison the mind of the god king ... `` we need to be ready to act , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` i wo n't sit and let my kingdom be pulled out from under me-i wo n't idly be cast out as the royals once were . 
 you control a fourth of our lifeless . 
 that 's ten thousand soldiers who do n't need to eat , who can march tirelessly . 
 if we convince the other three with commands to join us ... '' lightsong thought for a moment , then nodded and stood . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 blushweaver asked , sitting up . 
 `` i think i 'll go for a stroll , '' lightsong said . 
 `` where ? '' 
 lightsong glanced over at the queen . 
 `` oh , blessed colors , '' blushweaver said with a sigh . 
 `` lightsong , do not ruin this . 
 we walk a very delicate line , here . '' 
 `` i 'll do my best . '' 
 `` i do n't suppose i can talk you out of interacting with her ? '' 
 `` my dear , '' lightsong said , glancing backward . 
 `` i at least have to chat with her . 
 nothing would be more intolerable than being overthrown by a person with whom i 'd never even had a nice conversation . '' 
 <br/> the woman shuffled uncomfortably , then glanced at one of her companions . 
 that woman rushed away . 
 a few moments later , the servant returned with treledees . 
 siri frowned slightly . 
 she did not like speaking with the man . 
 `` yes , vessel ? '' 
 the tall man said , eyeing her with his usual air of disdain . 
 she swallowed , refusing to be intimidated . 
 `` the priests , '' she said . 
 `` what were they just discussing ? '' 
 `` your homeland of idris , vessel . '' 
 `` i know that much , '' siri said . 
 `` what do they want with idris ? '' 
 `` it seemed to me , vessel , that they were arguing about whether or not to attack the rebel province and bring it back under proper royal control . '' 
 `` rebel province ? '' 
 `` yes , vessel . 
 your people are in a state of rebellion against the rest of the kingdom . '' 
 `` but you rebelled against us ! '' 
 treledees raised an eyebrow . 
 different viewpoints on history indeed , siri thought . 
 `` i can see how somebody might think as you do , '' she said . 
 `` but ... you would n't really attack us , would you ? 
 we sent you a queen , just as you demanded . 
 because of that , the next god king will have royal blood . '' 
 assuming the current god king ever decides to consummate our marriage ... . 
 treledees simply shrugged . 
 `` it is likely nothing , vessel . 
 the gods simply needed to be apprised of the current political climate of t'telir . '' 
 his words did n't offer siri much comfort . 
 she shivered . 
 should she be doing something ? 
 trying to politic in idris 's defense ? 
 `` vessel , '' treledees said . 
 she glanced at him . 
 his peaked hat was so tall it brushed the top of the canopy . 
 in a city full of colors and beauty , for some reason treledees 's long face seemed even bleaker for the contrast . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` there is a matter of some delicacy i fear that i must discuss with you . '' 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` you are familiar with monarchies , '' he said . 
 `` indeed , you are the daughter of a king . 
 i assume that you know how important it is to a government that there be a secure , stable plan for succession . '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` therefore , '' treledees said , `` you realize that it is of no small importance that an heir be provided as quickly as possible . '' 
 siri blushed . 
 `` we 're working on that . '' 
 `` with all due respect , vessel , '' treledees said . 
 `` there is some degree of disagreement upon whether or not you actually are . '' 
 siri blushed further , hair reddening as she glanced away from those callous eyes . 
 `` such arguments , of course , are limited to those inside the palace , '' treledees said . 
 `` you can trust in the discretion of our staff and priests . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 siri said , looking up . 
 `` i mean , about us . 
 maybe we are ... working on it . 
 maybe you 'll have your heir before you know it . '' 
 treledees blinked once , slowly , regarding her as if she were a ledger to be added up and accounted . 
 `` vessel , '' he said . 
 `` do you honestly think that we would take an unfamiliar , foreign woman and place her in close proximity to our most holy of gods without keeping watch ? '' 
 siri felt her breath catch , and she had a moment of horror . 
 of course ! 
 she thought . 
 of course they were watching . 
 to make sure i did n't hurt the god king , to make certain things went according to plan . 
 being nak * d before her husband was bad enough . 
 to be so exposed before men like treledees-men who saw her not as a woman , but as an annoyance-felt even worse , somehow . 
 she found herself slouching , arms wrapping around her chest and its revealing neckline . 
 `` now , '' treledees said , leaning in . 
 `` we understand that the god king may not be what you expected . 
 he may even be ... difficult to work with . 
 you are a woman , however , and should know how to use your charms to motivate . '' 
 `` how can i ` motivate ' if i ca n't talk to him or look at him ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll find a way , '' treledees said . 
 `` you only have one task in this palace . 
 you want to make certain idris is protected ? 
 well , give the god king 's priesthood what we desire , and your rebels will earn our appreciation . 
 my colleagues and i have no small influence in the court , and we can do much to safeguard your homeland . 
 all we ask is that you perform this single duty . 
 give us an heir . 
 give the kingdom stability . 
 not everything in hallandren is as ... cohesive as it may appear to you at first . '' 
 siri remained slouched down , not looking at treledees . 
 `` i see that you understand , '' he said . 
 `` i feel that ... '' he trailed off , turning to the side . 
 a procession was approaching siri 's box . 
 its members wore gold and red , and a tall figure at the front caused them to shine with vibrant color . 
 treledees frowned , then glanced at her . 
 `` we will speak further , if it becomes necessary . 
 do your duty , vessel . 
 or there will be consequences . '' 
 with that , the priest withdrew . 
 <br/> `` i do n't understand you , '' she said . 
 `` it appears there 's a lot i do n't understand in this city . '' 
 this woman is no fake , lightsong thought , staring into her youthful , confused eyes . 
 or , if she is , then she 's best actress i 've ever met . 
 that meant something . 
 something important . 
 it was possible there were mundane reasons this girl had been sent instead of her sister . 
 sickness on the part of the elder daughter , perhaps . 
 but lightsong did n't buy that . 
 she was part of something . 
 a plot , or perhaps several . 
 and whatever those plots were , she did n't know about them . 
 kalad 's phantoms ! 
 lightsong cursed mentally . 
 this child is going to get ripped apart and fed to the wolves ! 
 but what could he really do about it ? 
 he sighed , standing , causing his priests to begin packing his things . 
 the girl watched with confusion as he nodded to her , giving her a wan smile of farewell . 
 she stood and curtsied slightly , though she probably did n't need to . 
 she was his queen , even if she was n't herself returned . 
 lightsong turned to go , then stopped , recalling his own first few months in the court , and the confusion he 'd known . 
 he reached over , laying a gentle hand on her shoulder . 
 `` do n't let them get to you , child , '' he whispered . 
 and with that , he withdrew . 
 17 vivenna walked back toward lemex 's house , dissecting the argument she 'd heard at the court of gods . 
 her tutors had instructed her that discussions in the court assembly did n't always lead to action ; just because they talked of war did n't mean it would happen . 
 this discussion , however , seemed to mean more . 
 it was too passionate , with too many voices for one side . 
 it indicated that her father was right , and that war was inevitable . 
 she walked with her head down on a nearly deserted street . 
 she was beginning to learn that she could avoid the roiling masses by walking through more residential sections of the city . 
 it appeared that people in t'telir liked to be where everybody else was . 
 the street was in a wealthy neighborhood , had a slate stone sidewalk running along the side of it . 
 it made for pleasant walking . 
 parlin walked beside her , occasionally pausing to study ferns or palm trees . 
 the hallandren liked plants ; most of the homes were shaded by trees , vines , and exotic blooming shrubs . 
 in idris , each of the large homes along the street would have been considered a mansion , but here they were only of average size-probably the homes of merchants . 
 i need to stay focused , she thought . 
 is hallandren going to attack soon ? 
 or is this just a prelude to something still months , perhaps years , away ? 
 real action would n't occur until the gods voted , and vivenna was n't sure what it would take to get them to that point . 
 she shook her head . 
 only one day in t'telir , and already she knew that her training and tutorials had n't prepared her half as well as she 'd assumed . 
 she felt as if she knew nothing . 
 and that left her feeling very lost . 
 she was not the confident , competent woman she 'd assumed herself to be . 
 the frightening truth was , should she have been sent to become the god king 's bride , she would have been nearly as in effective and confused as poor siri undoubtedly was . 
 they turned a corner , vivenna trusting in parlin 's amazing sense of direction to get them back to lemex 's house , and they passed under the gaze of one of the silent d'denir statues . 
 the proud warrior stood with sword raised above his stone head , his armor-carved into the statue-augmented by a red scarf tied and flapping around his neck . 
 he looked dramatic , as if he were going gloriously to war . 
 it was n't long before they approached the steps to lemex 's house . 
 vivenna froze , however , when she saw that the door was hanging from one hinge . 
 the lower part was cracked , as if it had been kicked very hard . 
 parlin pulled up beside her , then hissed , holding up a hand for her to be silent . 
 his hand went to the long hunting knife at his belt and he glanced around . 
 vivenna stepped back , nerves itching to flee . 
 and yet , where would she go ? 
 the mercenaries were her only connection in the city . 
 denth and tonk fah could have handled an attack , right ? 
 someone approached from the other side of the door . 
 her biochromatic senses warned her of the proximity . 
 she laid a hand on parlin 's arm , preparing to bolt . 
 denth pushed the broken door open , sticking his head out . 
 `` oh , '' he said . 
 `` it 's you . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` were you attacked ? '' 
 denth glanced at the door and chuckled to himself . 
 `` nah , '' he said , pushing the door open and waving her in . 
 through the broken door she could see that furniture had been ripped apart , there were holes in the walls , and pictures were slashed and broken . 
 denth wandered back inside , kicking aside some stuffing from a cushion , making his way toward the stairs . 
 several of the steps had been broken . 
 he glanced back , noting her confusion . 
 `` well , we did say we were going to search the house , princess . 
 figured we might as well do a good job of it . '' 
 <br/> do n't draw attention to yourself . 
 do n't set yourself above others . 
 he who makes himself high will be cast down low . 
 but what of the man who murders one of his daughters to save the other ? 
 what of the man who claims-to your face-that the switch was for other reasons ? 
 that it was for the good of idris ? 
 that it was n't about favoritism at all ? 
 what of the king who betrayed the highest tenets of his religion by purchasing breath for one of his spies ? 
 vivenna blinked at a tear in her eye , then gritted her teeth , angry at herself and the world . 
 her father was supposed to be a good man . 
 the perfect king . 
 wise and knowing , always sure of himself and always right . 
 the man she saw in these letters was far more human . 
 why should she be so shocked to learn that ? 
 it does n't matter , she told herself . 
 none of that matters . 
 factions in the hallandren government were rallying the nation for war . 
 reading her father 's candid words , she finally believed him completely . 
 hallandren troops would likely march on her homeland before the year was out . 
 and then , the hallandren-so colorful yet so deceptive-would hold siri hostage and threaten to kill her unless dedelin surrendered . 
 her father would not give up his kingdom . 
 siri would be executed . 
 and that is what i 'm here to stop , vivenna thought . 
 her hands grew tighter , gripping the edges of the desktop , jaw set . 
 she brushed away the traitorous tear . 
 she had been trained to be strong even when surrounded by an unfamiliar city and its people . 
 she had work to do . 
 she rose , leaving the letters on the table with the bag of coins and lemex 's journal . 
 she made her way down the stairs , avoiding the broken steps , to where the mercenaries were teaching parlin how to play a game with wooden cards . 
 the three men looked up as vivenna approached . 
 she settled herself carefully on the floor , sitting with her legs beneath her in an unassuming posture . 
 she met their eyes as she spoke . 
 `` i know where some of lemex 's money came from , '' she said . 
 `` idris and hallandren will soon go to war . 
 because of this threat , my father gave much greater resources to lemex than i 'd realized . 
 he sent enough money for lemex to buy fifty breaths , allowing him to enter the court and report on its proceedings . 
 obviously , my father did n't know that lemex already had a sizable amount of breath . '' 
 the three men were silent . 
 tonk fah shot a glance at denth , who sat back , resting against an overturned , broken chair . 
 `` i believe that lemex was still loyal to idris , '' she said . 
 `` his personal writings make that relatively clear . 
 he was not a traitor ; he was simply greedy . 
 he wanted as much breath as possible because he had heard that it extended a person 's life . 
 lemex and my father had planned to hinder the war preparations from inside hallandren . 
 lemex promised he would find a way to sabotage the lifeless armies , damage the city 's supplies , and generally undermine their ability to wage war . 
 for him to accomplish this , my father sent him a large sum of money . '' 
 `` about five thousand marks ' worth ? '' 
 denth asked , rubbing his chin . 
 `` less than that , '' vivenna said . 
 `` but a large chunk nonetheless . 
 i believe that you are right about lemex , denth-he has been stealing from the crown for some time . '' 
 she fell silent . 
 parlin looked confused . 
 that was n't uncommon . 
 the mercenaries , however , did n't look surprised . 
 `` i do n't know if lemex intended to do as my father asked , '' vivenna said , keeping her voice even . 
 `` the way he hid the money , some of the things he wrote ... well , maybe he was finally planning to turn traitor and run . 
 we ca n't know what he would eventually have decided . 
 we do , however , have a vague list of things he planned to accomplish . 
 those plans were convincing enough to persuade my father , and the urgency of his letters has convinced me . 
 we are going to continue lemex 's work and undermine hallandren 's ability to wage war . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 `` and ... your sister ? '' 
 parlin finally asked . 
 `` we will get her out , '' vivenna said firmly . 
 `` her rescue and safety is our first priority . '' 
 `` that is all easier discussed than accomplished , princess , '' denth said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 the mercenaries shared a look . 
 `` well , '' denth finally said , standing up . 
 `` better get back to work , then . '' 
 he nodded at tonk fah , who sighed and grumbled , standing . 
 `` wait , '' vivenna said , frowning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i figured once you saw those papers that you 'd want to continue , '' denth said , stretching . 
 `` now that i 've seen what he was up to , i can piece together why he had us do some of the things we were involved in . 
 one of those was to contact and support some rebellious factions here in the city , including one that was stamped out just a few weeks back . 
 cult of disaffection centered on a guy named vahr . '' 
 `` always wondered why lemex gave him support , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` that faction 's dead , '' denth said , `` along with vahr himself . 
 but a lot of his followers are still around . 
 waiting for trouble to come their way . 
 we can contact them . 
 there are a few other leads i think we can look into , things lemex did n't explain completely , but which i might be able to figure out . '' 
 `` and ... you can handle something like this ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` you just said it would n't be easy . '' 
 denth shrugged . 
 `` wo n't be . 
 but if you have n't realized it yet , this kind of thing is why lemex hired us . 
 a team of three high-priced , specialist mercenaries is n't exactly the type of thing you keep around to serve your tea . '' 
 `` unless you want the tea rammed up someplace uncomfortable , '' tonk fah noted . 
 three mercenaries ? 
 vivenna thought . 
 that 's right . 
 there 's another one . 
 a woman . 
 `` where 's the other member of your team ? '' 
 `` jewels ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 `` you 'll meet her soon enough . '' 
 `` unfortunately , '' tonk fah said under his breath . 
 denth elbowed his friend . 
 `` for now , let us go back out and see how things stand on our projects . 
 gather what you want from this house . 
 we 'll move out tomorrow . '' 
 `` move out ? '' 
 vivenna said . 
 `` unless you want to sleep on a mattress tonk fah ripped into five pieces , '' denth noted . 
 `` he has a thing about mattresses . '' 
 `` and chairs , '' tonk fah said cheerfully , `` and tables , and doors , and walls , actually . 
 oh , and people . '' 
 `` either way , princess , '' denth said , `` this building was well known to people who worked with lemex . 
 as you 've discovered , he was n't exactly the most honest fellow around . 
 i doubt you want the baggage that comes with being associated with him . '' 
 `` best to move to another house , '' tonk fah agreed . 
 `` we 'll try not to break up the next one quite so badly , '' denth said . 
 `` no promises though , '' tonk fah said with a wink . 
 and then the two left . 
 18 siri stood before the door to her husband 's bedchamber , shuffling nervously . 
 as usual , bluefingers stood beside her , and he was the only other one in the hallway . 
 he scribbled on his pad , giving no indication of how he always knew when it was time for her to enter . 
 for once , she did n't mind the delay , nervous though she was . 
 it gave her more time to think about what she was going to do . 
 the day 's events still buzzed about in her head : treledees , telling her that she needed to provide an heir . 
 lightsong the bold , talking in circles , then leaving her with what had seemed like a heartfelt farewell . 
 her king and husband , sitting on his tower above , bending light around him . 
 the priests below , arguing about whether or not to invade her homeland . 
 a lot of people wanted to push her in different directions , yet none of them were really willing to tell her how to do what they wanted-and some did n't even bother to tell her what they wanted . 
 the only thing they were accomplishing was annoying her . 
 she was not a seductress . 
 she had no idea how to make the god king desire her-particularly since she was terrified of him doing just that . 
 high priest treledees had given her a command . 
 therefore , she intended to show him how she responded to commands , particularly when they had threats attached to them . 
 tonight , she would go into the king 's bedchamber , sit down on the floor , and refuse to strip . 
 she 'd confront the god king . 
 he did n't want her . 
 well , she was tired of being ogled every night . 
 she intended to explain all this to him in no uncertain terms . 
 if he wanted to see her nak * d again , he 'd have to order servants to strip her . 
 she doubted that he 'd do that . 
 he 'd made no move toward her , and when he presided over the arena debates , he 'd actually done no more than sit and watch . 
 she was getting a new impression of this god king . 
 he was a man with so much power , he had grown lazy . 
 he was a man who had everything , and so he bothered with nothing . 
 he was a man who expected others to do everything for him . 
 people like him annoyed her . 
 she was reminded of a guard captain in idris who had insisted on making his men work hard , while he spent his afternoons playing cards . 
 it was time the god king was defied . 
 more than that , it was time that his priests learned that they could n't bully her . 
 she was tired of being used . 
 tonight , she would react . 
 that was her decision . 
 and it made her nervous as all colors . 
 she glanced at bluefingers . 
 eventually , she caught his eye . 
 `` do they really watch me each night ? '' 
 she asked , leaning in and whispering . 
 he paused , paling slightly . 
 he glanced to either side , then shook his head . 
 she frowned . 
 but treledees knew that i had n't been bedded by the god king . 
 bluefingers raised a finger , pointing to his eyes , then shook his head . 
 then he pointed to his ears and nodded . 
 he pointed to a doorway down the hall . 
 they listen , siri thought . 
 bluefingers leaned in closer . 
 `` they would never watch , vessel , '' he whispered . 
 `` remember , the god king is their holiest of deities . 
 seeing him nude , watching him with his wife ... no , they would n't dare . 
 however , they are n't above listening . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` they are very concerned about an heir . '' 
 bluefingers glanced about nervously . 
 `` am i really in danger from them ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he met her eyes , then nodded sharply . 
 `` more danger than you know , vessel . '' 
 then he backed away , gesturing at the doorway . 
 you have to help me ! 
 she mouthed at him . 
 he shook his head , holding up his hands . 
 i can not . 
 not now . 
 with that , he pushed open the door , bowed , and scuttled away , glancing nervously over his shoulder . 
 siri glared at him . 
 the time was swiftly approaching when she 'd need to corner him and find out what he really knew . 
 until then , she had other people to annoy . 
 she turned and glanced into the dark room . 
 her nervousness returned . 
 is this wise ? 
 being belligerent had never bothered her before . 
 and yet ... her life was n't like it had been before . 
 bluefingers 's fear had left her even more on edge . 
 defiance . 
 it had always been her way to get attention . 
 she had n't been obstinate out of spite . 
 she 'd simply been unable to measure up to vivenna , so she 'd just done the opposite of what was expected of her . 
 her defiance had worked in the past . 
 or had it ? 
 her father had been perpetually angry at her , and vivenna had always treated her like a child . 
 the city 's people had loved her , but sufferingly . 
 no , siri thought suddenly . 
 no , i ca n't go back to that . 
 the people in this palace-this court-they are n't the types you can defy just because you 're annoyed . 
 spurn the palace priests , and they would n't grumble at her like her father had . 
 they 'd show her what it really meant to be in their power . 
 but what to do then ? 
 she could n't keep throwing off her clothing and kneeling on the floor , nak * d , could she ? 
 feeling confused , and a little angry at herself , she stepped into the dark room and pulled the door closed . 
 the god king waited in his corner , shadowed as always . 
 siri looked at him , staring at that too-calm face . 
 she knew that she should disrobe and kneel , but she did n't . 
 not because she felt defiant . 
 not even because she felt angry or petulant . 
 because she was tired of wondering . 
 who was this man who could rule gods and bend light with the force of his biochroma ? 
 was he really just spoiled and indolent ? 
 he stared back at her . 
 as before , he did n't grow angry at her insolence . 
 watching him , siri pulled at the strings on her dress , dropping the bulky garment to the floor . 
 she reached for the shoulders of her shift , but hesitated . 
 no , she thought . 
 this is n't right either . 
 she glanced down at the shift ; the edges of the white garment fuzzed , the white bending into color . 
 she looked up at the god king 's impassive face . 
 then-gritting her teeth against her nervousness-siri took a step forward . 
 he tensed . 
 she could see it in the edges of his eyes and around his lips . 
 she took another step forward , the white of her garment bending further into prismatic colors . 
 the god king did n't do anything . 
 he just watched as she drew closer and closer . 
 she stopped right in front of him . 
 then she turned from him and climbed up onto the bed , feeling the deep softness beneath her as she crawled to the middle of its mattress . 
 she sat up on her knees , regarding the black marble wall with its obsidian sheen . 
 the god king 's priests waited just beyond , listening carefully to hear things that were really none of their business . 
 this , she thought , taking a deep breath , is going to be exceptionally embarrassing . 
 but she 'd been forced to lie prostrate , nak * d , before the god king for over a week . 
 was now really the time to start feeling self-conscious ? 
 she began to bounce up and down on the bed , making its springs creak . 
 then , cringing slightly , she started to moan . 
 she hoped it was convincing . 
 she did n't really know what it was supposed to sound like . 
 and how long did it usually continue ? 
 she tried to make her moans get louder and louder , her bouncing more furious , for what she assumed was a proper amount of time . 
 then she stopped sharply , let out a final moan , and fell back onto the bed . 
 all was still . 
 she glanced up , eyeing the god king . 
 some of his emotional mask had softened , and he displayed a very human look of confusion . 
 she almost laughed out loud at how perplexed he seemed . 
 she just met his eyes and shook her head . 
 then-her heart beating , her skin a bit sweaty-she lay back on the bed to rest . 
 tired from the day 's events and intrigues , it was n't long after that she found herself rolled up in the luxurious comforter and relaxing . 
 the god king left her alone . 
 in fact , he 'd grown tense at her approach , almost as if he were worried . 
 even frightened of her . 
 that could n't be . 
 he was the god and king of hallandren , and she was just a silly girl , swimming in waters that were far over her head . 
 no , he was n't frightened . 
 the concept was enough to again make her feel like laughing . 
 she restrained herself , maintaining the illusion for the listening priests as she drifted off in the luxurious comfort of the bed . 
 <br/> `` yeah , '' tonk fah added , peeking into a closet . 
 `` and it has plenty of storage . 
 bet we could fit a good half-dozen bodies in here alone . '' 
 vivenna shot the two mercenaries a look , causing them to chuckle to themselves . 
 the house was n't as nice as lemex 's had been ; she did n't want to be ostentatious . 
 it was one of many that were built in a row along a well-maintained street . 
 deeper than it was wide , the building was bordered on either side with large palm trees , obscuring the view should someone try to spy from the neighboring buildings . 
 she was pleased . 
 part of her balked at living in a home that was-despite being modest by hallandren standards-nearly as large as the king 's palace back in idris . 
 however , she and parlin had looked at and rejected cheaper sections of town . 
 she did n't want to live in a place where she was afraid to go out at night , particularly since she worried that her breath might make her a target . 
 she trailed down the stairs , the mercenaries following . 
 the house had three stories-a small upper story with sleeping chambers , the main floor with a kitchen and sitting room , and a cellar for storage . 
 the building was sparsely furnished , and parlin had gone to the market to shop for more . 
 she had n't wanted to spend the money , but denth had pointed out that they must at least try to keep up appearances , lest they end up drawing even more attention . 
 `` old lemex 's house will be taken care of soon , '' denth said . 
 `` we left some hints in the underground , mentioning that the old man was dead . 
 whatever we did n't ransack , a gang of burglars will take care of tonight . 
 by tomorrow , the city guard will be there , and they 'll assume that the place was burgled . 
 the nurse has been paid off , and she never knew who lemex really was anyway . 
 when nobody comes to pay for the funeral services , the authorities will take the house in forfeit and have the body burned with other debtors . '' 
 vivenna stopped at the bottom of the stairs , paling . 
 `` that does n't sound very respectful . '' 
 denth shrugged . 
 `` what do you want to do ? 
 go claim him at the charnel house yourself ? 
 give him an idrian ceremony ? '' 
 `` good way to get people asking questions , that , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` better to just let others deal with it , '' denth said . 
 `` i suppose , '' vivenna said , turning away from the stairs and walking into the sitting room . 
 `` it just bothers me , letting his body be cared for by ... '' `` by what ? '' 
 denth said , amused . 
 `` pagans ? '' 
 vivenna did n't look at him . 
 `` the old man did n't seem to care much about heathen ways , '' tonk fah noted . 
 `` not with the number of breaths he held . 
 of course , did n't your daddy give him the money to buy them ? '' 
 vivenna closed her eyes . 
 you hold those same breaths , she told herself . 
 you 're not innocent in all of this . 
 she had n't been given a choice . 
 she could only hope and assume that her father had felt he was in a similar position-no choice but to do what seemed wrong . 
 lacking furniture , vivenna arranged her dress and knelt on the wooden floor , hands in her lap . 
 denth and tonk fah sat back against the wall , looking just as comfortable sitting on a hardwood floor as they were when lounging in plush chairs . 
 `` all right , princess , '' denth said , unfolding a paper from his pocket . 
 `` we 've got some plans for you . '' 
 `` please continue , then . '' 
 `` first , '' denth said , `` we can get you a meeting with some of vahr 's allies . '' 
 `` who exactly was this man ? '' 
 vivenna said , frowning . 
 she did n't like the idea of working with revolutionaries . 
 `` vahr was a worker in the dye fields , '' denth said . 
 `` things can get bad out in those fields-long hours , little more than food for pay . 
 about five years back , vahr got the bright idea that if he could convince enough of the other workers to give him their breath , he might be able to use the power to start a revolt against the overseers . 
 became enough of a hero to the people in the outer flower plantations that he actually drew the attention of the court of gods . '' 
 `` never truly had a chance of starting a real rebellion , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` so what good are his men to us ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` if they never had a chance of succeeding . '' 
 `` well , '' denth said , `` you did n't say anything about a rebellion or anything like that . 
 you just want to make it tough for the hallandren when they go to war . '' 
 `` revolts in the fields would sure be a pain during war , '' tonk fah added . 
 vivenna nodded . 
 `` all right , '' she said . 
 `` let 's meet with them . '' 
 `` just so you know , princess , '' denth said . 
 `` these are n't particularly ... sophisticated kinds of folks . '' 
 `` i am not offended by poverty or people of small means . 
 austre regards all people equally . '' 
 `` i did n't mean that , '' denth said , rubbing his chin . 
 `` it 's not that they 're peasants , it 's that ... well , when vahr 's little insurrection went bad , these are the people who were smart enough to get out quickly . 
 that means they were n't all that committed to him in the first place . '' 
 `` in other words , '' tonk fah said , `` they were really just a bunch of thugs and crime lords who thought vahr might be the source of some easy influence or money . '' 
 great , vivenna thought . 
 `` and do we want to associate with people like that ? '' 
 denth shrugged . 
 `` we have to start somewhere . '' 
 `` the other things on the list are a bit more fun , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` and they are ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` raid the lifeless storage ware house , for one , '' denth said , smiling . 
 `` we wo n't be able to kill the things-not without drawing the rest of them down on us . 
 but we might be able to muck up the way the creatures work . '' 
 `` that sounds dangerous , '' vivenna said . 
 denth glanced at tonk fah , who opened his eyes . 
 they shared a smile . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` hazard pay , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` we may not steal your money , but we have nothing against overcharging you for extremely dangerous stunts ! '' 
 vivenna rolled her eyes . 
 `` beyond that , '' denth added , `` from what i can tell , lemex wanted to undermine the city 's food supply . 
 it 's a good idea , i suppose . 
 lifeless do n't need to eat , but the humans who form the support structure of the army do . 
 disrupt supply , and perhaps people here will begin to worry if they can afford a long-term war . '' 
 `` that sounds more reasonable , '' vivenna said . 
 `` what did you come up with ? '' 
 `` we raid merchant caravans , '' denth said . 
 `` burn things up , cost them a bunch . 
 we make it look like bandits or maybe even remnants of vahr 's supporters . 
 that ought to confuse people in t'telir and maybe make it more difficult for the priests to go to war . '' 
 `` priests run a lot of the trade in the city , '' tonk fah added . 
 `` they have all the money so they tend to own the supplies . 
 burn away the stuff they intended to use for the war , and they 'll be more hesitant to attack . 
 it 'll buy your people more time . '' 
 vivenna swallowed . 
 `` your plans are a bit more ... violent than i had anticipated . '' 
 the mercenaries shared a look . 
 `` you see , '' denth said . 
 `` this is where we get our bad reputation . 
 people hire us to do difficult things-like undermine a country 's ability to wage war-then complain that we 're too violent . '' 
 `` very unfair , '' tonk fah agreed . 
 `` perhaps she 'd rather we buy puppies for all of her enemies , then send them with nice apologetic notes , asking them to stop being so mean . '' 
 `` and then , '' tonk fah said , `` when they do n't stop , we could kill the puppies ! '' 
 `` all right , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i understand that we 'll have to use a firm hand , but ... really . 
 i do n't want the hallandrens to starve because of what we do . '' 
 `` princess , '' denth said , sounding more serious . 
 `` these people want to attack your homeland . 
 they see your family as the greatest existing threat to their power-and they 're going to make certain that nobody of the royal blood lives to challenge them . '' 
 `` they get a child by your sister to be the next god king , '' tonk fah said , `` then they kill every other person of royal blood . 
 they never have to worry about you again . '' 
 denth nodded . 
 `` your father and lemex were right . 
 the hallandren have everything to lose by not attacking you . 
 and , from what i can see , your people are going to need every bit of help you can give them . 
 that means doing everything we can-scaring the priests , breaking their supply reserves , weakening their armies-to help out . '' 
 `` we ca n't stop the war , '' tonk fah added . 
 `` we can just make the fight a little more fair . '' 
 vivenna took a deep breath , then nodded . 
 `` all right , then , we 'll - '' at that moment , the door to the building flew open , slamming against the other side of the wall . 
 vivenna looked up . 
 a figure stood in the doorway-a tall , bulky man with unusually large muscles and flat features . 
 it took her a moment to register the other oddity about him . 
 his skin was grey . 
 his eyes too . 
 there was no color to him at all , and her heightenings told her that he did n't have a single breath . 
 a lifeless soldier . 
 vivenna scrambled to her feet , barely keeping in a cry of distress . 
 she backed away from the large soldier . 
 it just stood there , immobile , not even breathing . 
 its eyes tracked her-they did n't just stare ahead like those of a dead man . 
 for some reason , she found that the most unnerving . 
 `` denth ! '' 
 vivenna said . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 attack ! '' 
 the mercenaries remained where they were , lounging on the floor . 
 tonk fah barely cracked an eye open . 
 `` ah well , '' denth said . 
 `` looks like we 've been discovered by the city watch . '' 
 `` pity , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` this was looking like it would be a fun job . '' 
 `` nothing but execution for us now , '' denth said . 
 `` attack ! '' 
 vivenna cried . 
 `` you 're my bodyguards , you 're ... '' she trailed off , noticing as the two men began to chuckle . 
 oh , colors , not again , she thought . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` some kind of joke ? 
 did you paint that man grey ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` move it , you rock on legs , '' a voice said from behind the lifeless . 
 the creature walked into the room , carrying a couple of canvas bags over its shoulders . 
 as it entered , it revealed a shorter woman standing behind . 
 thick through the thighs and through the bust , she had light brown hair that came down to her shoulders . 
 she stood with hands on hips , looking upset . 
 `` denth , '' she snapped , `` he 's here . 
 in the city . '' 
 `` good , '' denth said , lounging back . 
 `` i owe that man a sword through the gut . '' 
 the woman snorted . 
 `` he killed arsteel . 
 what makes you think you can beat him ? '' 
 `` i 've always been the better swordsman , '' denth said calmly . 
 `` arsteel was good too . 
 now he 's dead . 
 who 's the woman ? '' 
 `` new employer . '' 
 `` hope she lives longer than the last one , '' the woman grumbled . 
 `` clod , put those down and go get the other bag . '' 
 the lifeless responded , setting down its bags then walking back out . 
 vivenna watched , by now having figured out that the short woman must be jewels , the third member of denth 's team . 
 what was she doing with a lifeless ? 
 and how had she found the new house ? 
 denth must have sent her a message . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 jewels said , glancing at vivenna . 
 `` some awakener come by and steal your colors ? '' 
 vivenna paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she means , '' denth said , `` why do you look so surprised ? '' 
 `` that , and her hair is white , '' jewels said , walking over to the canvas bags . 
 vivenna flushed , realizing that her shock had gotten the better of her . 
 she returned her hair to its proper dark color . 
 the lifeless was returning , carrying another bag . 
 `` where did that creature come from ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jewels asked . 
 `` clod ? 
 made him from a dead body , obviously . 
 i did n't do it myself-i just paid money for someone else to . '' 
 `` too much money , '' tonk fah added . 
 the creature clomped back into the room . 
 it was n't unnaturally tall-not like a returned . 
 it could have been a normal , if well-muscled , man . 
 only the skin coloring , mixed with the emotionless face , was different . 
 `` she bought him ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` when ? 
 just now ? '' 
 `` nah , '' tonk fah said , `` we 've had clod for months . '' 
 `` it 's useful to have a lifeless around , '' denth said . 
 `` and you did n't tell me about this ? '' 
 vivenna asked , trying to keep the hysteria out of her voice . 
 first she 'd had to deal with the city and all of its colors and people . 
 then she was given a dose of unwanted breath . 
 now she was confronted by the most unholy of abominations . 
 `` the topic did n't come up , '' denth said , shrugging . 
 `` they 're pretty common in t'telir . '' 
 `` we were just talking about defeating these things , '' vivenna said . 
 `` not embracing them ! '' 
 `` we talked about defeating some of them , '' denth said . 
 `` princess , lifeless are like swords . 
 they 're tools . 
 we ca n't destroy all of them in the city , nor would we want to . 
 just the ones being used by your enemies . '' 
 vivenna slid down , sitting on the wooden floor . 
 the lifeless set down its final bag , then jewels pointed toward the corner . 
 it walked over and stood there , patiently waiting for further orders . 
 `` here , '' jewels said to the other two , untying the final large bag . 
 `` you wanted these . '' 
 she turned it on its side , exposing glittering metal shining within . 
 denth smiled , rising . 
 he kicked tonk fah back awake-the large man had an uncanny ability to fall asleep at a moment 's notice-and walked over to the bag . 
 he pulled out several swords , shiny and new-looking with long , thin blades . 
 denth made a few practice swings while tonk fah wandered over , pulling out wicked-looking daggers , some shorter swords , and then some leather jerkins . 
 vivenna sat , back against the wall , using her breathing to calm herself . 
 she tried not to feel threatened by the lifeless in the corner . 
 how could they just go about , ignoring it like that ? 
 it was so unnatural that it made her itch and squirm . 
 eventually , denth noticed her . 
 he told tonk fah to oil the blades , then walked over and sat down in front of vivenna , leaning back with hands against the floor behind him . 
 `` that lifeless is going to be a problem , princess ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , '' she said curtly . 
 `` then we 'll need to work it out , '' he said , meeting her eyes . 
 `` my team ca n't function if you tie our hands . 
 jewels has invested a lot of effort into learning the proper commands to use a lifeless , not to mention learning to maintain the thing . '' 
 `` we do n't need her . '' 
 `` yes , '' denth said . 
 `` yes we do . 
 princess , you 've brought a lot of biases into this city . 
 it 's not my place to tell you what to do with them . 
 i 'm just your employee . 
 but i will tell you that you do n't know half the things you think you do . '' 
 `` it 's not about what i ` think i know , ' denth , '' vivenna said . 
 `` it 's what i believe . 
 a person 's body should n't be abused by making it come back to life and serve you . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` your own theology says a soul leaves when the body dies . 
 the corpse is just recycled dirt . 
 why not use it ? '' 
 `` it 's wrong , '' vivenna said . 
 `` the family of the corpse was well paid for the body . '' 
 `` does n't matter , '' vivenna said . 
 denth leaned forward . 
 `` well , fine then . 
 but if you order jewels away , you order us all away . 
 i 'll give your money back , then we 'll go hire you another team of bodyguards . 
 you can use them instead . '' 
 `` i thought you were my employee , '' vivenna snapped . 
 `` i am , '' denth said . 
 `` but i can quit whenever i want . '' 
 she sat quietly , stomach unsettled . 
 `` your father was willing to use means that he did n't agree with , '' denth said . 
 `` judge him if you must , but tell me this . 
 if using a lifeless could save your kingdom , who are you to ignore the opportunity ? '' 
 `` why do you care ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` i just do n't like leaving things unfinished . '' 
 vivenna glanced away . 
 `` look at it this way , princess , '' he said . 
 `` you can work with us-which will give you chances to explain your views , maybe change our minds on things like lifeless and biochroma . 
 or you can send us away . 
 but if you reject us because of our sins , are n't you being ostentatious ? 
 do n't the five visions say something about that ? '' 
 vivenna frowned . 
 how does he know so much about austrism ? 
 `` i 'll think about it , '' she said . 
 `` why did jewels bring all those swords ? '' 
 `` we 'll need weapons , '' denth said . 
 `` you know , has to do with that violence thing we mentioned earlier . '' 
 `` you do n't have any already ? '' 
 denth shrugged . 
 `` tonk usually has a cudgel or knife on him , but a full sword draws attention in t'telir . 
 it 's best not to stand out , sometimes . 
 your people have some interesting wisdom in that area . '' 
 `` but now ... '' `` now we do n't really have a choice , '' he said . 
 `` if we keep moving forward with lemex 's plans , things are going to get dangerous . '' 
 he eyed her . 
 `` which reminds me . 
 i have something else for you to think about . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` those breaths you hold , '' denth said . 
 `` they 're a tool . 
 just like the lifeless . 
 now , i know you do n't agree with how they were obtained . 
 but the fact is , you have them . 
 if a dozen slaves die to forge a sword , does it do any good to melt down the sword and refuse to use it ? 
 or is it better to use that sword and try to stop the men who did such evil in the first place ? '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 vivenna said , feeling that she probably already knew . 
 `` you should learn to use the breaths , '' denth said . 
 `` tonks and i could sure use an awakener backing us up . '' 
 vivenna closed her eyes . 
 did he have to hit her with that now , right after twisting around her concerns about the lifeless ? 
 she had expected to find uncertainties and obstacles in t'telir . 
 she just had n't expected so many difficult decisions . 
 and she had n't expected them to endanger her soul . 
 `` i 'm not going to become an awakener , denth , '' vivenna said quietly . 
 `` i might turn a blind eye toward that lifeless , for now . 
 but i will not awaken . 
 i expect to take these breaths to my death so that nobody else can benefit from harvesting them . 
 no matter what you say , if you buy that sword forged by overworked slaves , then you 'll just encourage the evil merchants . '' 
 denth fell silent . 
 then he nodded , standing . 
 `` you 're the boss , and it 's your kingdom . 
 if we fail , the only thing i lose is an employer . '' 
 `` denth , '' jewels said , approaching . 
 she barely gave vivenna a glance . 
 `` i do n't like this . 
 i do n't like the fact that he got here first . 
 he has breath-reports say he looked to have reached at least the fourth heightening . 
 maybe the fifth . 
 i 'll bet he got it from that rebel , vahr . '' 
 `` how do you even know it 's him ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 jewels snorted . 
 `` word 's all over . 
 people being found slaughtered in alleyways , the wounds corrupt and black . 
 sightings of a new , powerful awakener roaming the city carrying a black-handled sword in a silver sheath . 
 it 's tax , all right . 
 goes by a different name now . '' 
 denth nodded . 
 `` vasher . 
 he 's used it for a while . 
 it 's a joke on his part . '' 
 vivenna frowned . 
 black-handled sword . 
 silver sheath . 
 the man at the arena ? 
 `` who are we talking about ? '' 
 jewels shot her an annoyed look , but denth just shrugged . 
 `` old ... friend of ours . '' 
 `` he 's bad trouble , '' tonk fah said , walking up . 
 `` tax tends to leave a lot of bodies in his wake . 
 has strange motivations-doesn ' t think like other people . '' 
 `` he 's interested in the war for some reason , denth , '' jewels said . 
 `` let him be , '' denth snapped . 
 `` that will just bring him across my path all the sooner . '' 
 he turned away , waving a hand indifferently . 
 vivenna watched him go , noting the frustration in his step , the curtness of his motions . 
 `` what is wrong with him ? '' 
 she asked tonk fah . 
 `` tax-or , i guess , vasher - '' tonk fah said . 
 `` he killed a good friend of ours over in yarn dred a couple months back . 
 denth used to have four people in this team . '' 
 `` it should n't have happened , '' jewels said . 
 `` arsteel was a brilliant duelist-almost as good as denth . 
 vasher 's never been able to beat either of them . '' 
 `` he used that ... sword of his , '' tonk fah grumbled . 
 `` there was no blackness around the wound , '' jewels said . 
 `` then he cut the blackness out , '' tonk fah snapped , watching denth belt a sword to his waist . 
 `` there 's no way vasher beat arsteel in a fair duel . 
 no way . '' 
 `` this vasher , '' vivenna found herself saying . 
 `` i saw him . '' 
 jewels and tonk fah turned sharply . 
 `` he was at the court yesterday , '' vivenna said . 
 `` tall man , carrying a sword when nobody else did . 
 it had a black hilt and a silver sheath . 
 he looked ragged . 
 hair unkempt , beard scraggly , clothing ripped in places . 
 only a rope for a belt . 
 he was watching me from behind . 
 he looked ... dangerous . '' 
 tonk fah cursed quietly . 
 `` that 's him , '' jewels said . 
 `` denth ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 jewels gestured at vivenna . 
 `` he 's a step ahead of us . 
 been tailing your princess here . 
 she saw him watching her at the court . '' 
 `` colors ! '' 
 denth swore , snapping a dueling blade into the sheath at his waist . 
 `` colors , colors , colors ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 vivenna asked , paling . 
 `` maybe it was just a coincidence . 
 he could have just come to watch the court . '' 
 denth shook his head . 
 `` there are no coincidences where that man is concerned , princess . 
 if he was watching you , then you can bet on the colors that he knows exactly who you are and where you came from . '' 
 he met her eyes . 
 `` and he 's probably planning to kill you . '' 
 vivenna fell silent . 
 tonk fah laid a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` ah , do n't worry , vivenna . 
 he wants to kill us too . 
 at least you 're in good company . '' 
 20 for the first time in her several weeks at the palace , siri stood before the god king 's door and felt neither worried nor tired . 
 bluefingers , oddly , was n't scribbling on his pad . 
 he watched her silently , expression unreadable . 
 siri almost smiled to herself . 
 gone were the days when she 'd had to lie on the floor , awkwardly trying to kneel while her back complained . 
 gone were the days when she had to fall asleep on the marble , her discarded dress her only comfort . 
 ever since she 'd grown daring enough to climb into the bed the previous week , she 'd slept well each night , comfortable and warm . 
 and not once had she been touched by the god king . 
 it was a nice arrangement . 
 the priests-apparently satisfied that she was doing her wifely duty-left her alone . 
 she did n't have to be nak * d in front of anyone , and she was beginning to learn the social dynamic of the palace . 
 she 'd even gone to a few more sessions of the court assembly , though she had n't mingled with the returned . 
 `` vessel , '' bluefingers said quietly . 
 she turned toward him , raising an eyebrow . 
 he shuffled uncomfortably . 
 `` you ... have found a way to make the king respond to your advances , then ? '' 
 `` that got out , did it ? '' 
 she asked , looking back at the door . 
 inside , her smile deepened . 
 `` indeed it did , vessel , '' bluefingers said , tapping his ledger from beneath . 
 `` only those in the palace know about any of this , of course . '' 
 good , siri thought . 
 she glanced to the side . 
 bluefingers did not look pleased . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm out of danger . 
 the priests can stop worrying about an heir . '' 
 for a few months , at least . 
 they 'll get suspicious eventually . 
 `` vessel , '' bluefingers said with a harsh whisper . 
 `` doing your duty as the vessel was the danger ! '' 
 she frowned , looking at bluefingers as the little scribe tapped his board . 
 `` oh gods , oh gods , oh gods ... '' he whispered to himself . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i should n't say . '' 
 `` then what is the point of bringing it up in the first place ! 
 honestly , bluefingers , you 're getting frustrating . 
 leave me too confused , and i might just start asking questions - '' `` no ! '' 
 bluefingers said sharply , then immediately glanced behind him , cringing slightly . 
 `` vessel , you must not speak to others of my fears . 
 they 're silly , really , nothing to bother anyone else with . 
 just ... '' `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you must not bear him a child , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` that is the danger , both to yourself and to the god king himself . 
 this all ... everything here in the palace ... it is not what it appears to be . '' 
 `` that 's what everyone says , '' she snapped . 
 `` if it 's not what it seems , then tell me what it is . '' 
 `` there is no need , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` and i will not speak of this again . 
 after tonight , you will conduct yourself to the bedchamber-you obviously have the pattern down well enough . 
 just wait a hundred heartbeats or so after the women let you out of the dressing room . '' 
 `` you have to tell me something ! '' 
 siri said . 
 `` vessel , '' bluefingers said , leaning in . 
 `` i advise you to please keep your voice down . 
 you do n't know how many factions shift and move inside the palace . 
 i am a member of many of them , and a stray word on your part could ... no , would ... mean my death . 
 do you understand that ? 
 can you understand that ? '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` i should not be putting my life in danger because of you , '' he said . 
 `` but there are things about this arrangement with which i do not agree . 
 and so , i give my warning . 
 avoid giving the god king a child . 
 if you want to know more than that , read your histories . 
 honestly , i would think that you 'd have come to all this a little more prepared . '' 
 and with that , the little man left . 
 siri shook her head , then sighed and pushed open the door and entered the god king 's chamber . 
 she closed the door , then eyed the god king-who watched her , as always-and pulled off her dress , leaving her shift on . 
 she went to the bed and sat down , waiting a few minutes before climbing up on her knees to do her bouncing , moaning act . 
 she varied it sometimes , doing several different rhythms , getting creative . 
 once she was done , she snuggled down in the blankets and lay back in the pillows to think . 
 could bluefingers have been any more obscure ? 
 she thought with frustration . 
 what little siri knew of political intrigue told her that people preferred to be subtle-obscure , even-to protect themselves from implication . 
 read your histories ... . 
 it seemed an odd suggestion . 
 if the secrets were that visible , then why would they be dangerous ? 
 still , as she thought , she did find herself feeling grateful for bluefingers . 
 she could n't really blame him for his hesitation . 
 he 'd probably already endangered himself far more than he should have . 
 without him , she would n't have known she was in danger . 
 in a way , he was the only friend she had in the city-a person like herself , a person drawn in from another country . 
 a country that was overshadowed by beautiful , bold hallandren . 
 a man who ... her thoughts trailed off ; she felt something odd . 
 she opened her eyes . 
 someone loomed over her in the darkness . 
 despite herself , siri screamed in surprise . 
 the god king jumped back , stumbling . 
 heart thumping , siri shuffled backward on the bed , pulling the covers up over her chest-though , of course , he had seen her unclothed so often that it was a ridiculous gesture . 
 the god king stood in his dark black clothing , looking uncertain in the hearth 's wavering light . 
 she 'd never asked her servants why he wore black . 
 one would think that he would prefer white , which he could affect so dramatically with his biochroma . 
 for a few moments , siri sat with the blankets clutched before her , then forced herself to relax . 
 stop being so silly , she told herself . 
 he 's never so much as threatened you . 
 `` it 's all right , '' she said softly . 
 `` you just startled me . '' 
 he glanced at her . 
 and-with a jolt of surprise-she realized this was the first time she 'd addressed him since her outburst the previous week . 
 now that he stood , she could see even better how ... heroic he looked . 
 tall , broad-shouldered , like a statue . 
 human , but of more dramatic proportions . 
 carefully , showing more uncertainty than she 'd ever expected from a man who had the title of god king , he moved back to the bed . 
 he sat down on its edge . 
 then he reached to his shirt , pulling it up . 
 oh , austre , she thought with sudden shock . 
 oh , god , lord of colors ! 
 this is it ! 
 he 's finally coming for me ! 
 she could n't fight off the trembles . 
 she 'd convinced herself that she was safe , comfortable . 
 she should n't have to go through this . 
 not again ! 
 i ca n't do it ! 
 i ca n't ! 
 i - the god king pulled something out from underneath his shirt , then let the garment drape back down . 
 siri sat , breath coming in gasps , slowly realizing that he was making no further moves toward her . 
 she calmed herself , forcing the color back into her hair . 
 the god king laid the object on the bed , and the firelight revealed it to be ... a book . 
 siri immediately thought of the histories bluefingers had mentioned , but she quickly discarded the idea . 
 this book , from the title on the spine , was a book of stories for children . 
 the god king let his fingers rest on it , then he delicately opened to the first page . 
 the white parchment bent in the force of his biochroma , shooting out prismatic colors . 
 this did n't distort the text , and siri carefully inched forward , looking at the words . 
 she looked up at the god king . 
 his face seemed less stiff than usual . 
 he nodded down at the page , then pointed at the first word . 
 `` you want me to read this ? '' 
 siri asked in a low whisper , mindful of the priests who might be listening . 
 the god king nodded . 
 `` it says ` stories for children , ' '' siri said , confused . 
 he turned the book around , looking at it himself . 
 he rubbed his chin in thought . 
 what 's going on ? 
 she thought . 
 it did n't seem like he was going to bed her . 
 did he , instead , expect her to read a story to him ? 
 she could n't imagine him asking for something that childish . 
 she looked up at him again . 
 he turned the book around , pointing at the first word . 
 he nodded toward it . 
 `` stories ? '' 
 siri asked . 
 he pointed at the word . 
 she looked closely , trying to discern some hidden meaning or mysterious text . 
 she sighed , looking up at him . 
 `` why do n't you just tell me ? '' 
 he paused , cocking his head . 
 then he opened his mouth . 
 by the waning light of the hearth 's fire , siri saw something shocking . 
 the god king of hallandren had no tongue . 
 there was a scar . 
 she could just barely see it if she squinted closely . 
 something had happened to him , some terrible accident had ripped it free . 
 or ... had it been taken purposefully ? 
 why would anyone remove the tongue of the king himself ? 
 the answer came to her almost immediately . 
 biochromatic breath , she realized , thinking back to a half-remembered lesson from her childhood . 
 to awaken objects , a person must give a command . 
 words spoken in a crisp , clear voice . 
 no slurring or mumbling allowed , or the breath will not function . 
 the god king looked away , suddenly , seeming ashamed . 
 he picked up the book , holding it to his chest , and moved to stand . 
 `` no , please , '' siri said , edging forward . 
 she reached her hand forward and touched his arm . 
 the god king froze . 
 she immediately pulled her hand back . 
 `` i did n't mean to look so disgusted , '' siri said in her whispered voice . 
 `` that was n't because of ... your mouth . 
 it was because i was realizing why it must have been done to you . '' 
 the god king studied her , then slowly seated himself again . 
 he held himself back far enough that they were not touching , and she did not reach for him again . 
 however , he did carefully-almost reverently-put his book back down on the bed . 
 he opened to the first page again , then looked at her , his eyes pleading . 
 `` you ca n't read , can you ? '' 
 siri asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` that 's the secret , '' she whispered . 
 `` the thing that scares bluefingers so much . 
 you 're not king , you 're a puppet ! 
 a figurehead . 
 you 're paraded around by your priests , given a biochromatic aura so strong that it makes people fall to their knees in wonder . 
 yet they took your tongue so that you could n't ever use it , and they never taught you to read , lest you learn too much or manage to communicate with others . '' 
 he sat and looked away . 
 `` all so that they could control you . '' 
 no wonder bluefingers is so scared . 
 if they would do that to their own god ... then the rest of us are nothing to them . 
 it made sense , now , why they had been so adamant about her not talking to-or even kissing-the king . 
 it made sense why they would dislike her so much . 
 they were worried about someone spending time alone with the god king . 
 someone who might discover the truth . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 he shook his head , then met her eyes . 
 there was a strength in them she would n't have expected of a man who had been sheltered and isolated as he must have been . 
 finally , he looked down , pointing back at the words on the page . 
 the first word . 
 the first letter , actually . 
 `` that is the letter ` shash , ' '' siri said , smiling . 
 `` i can teach you them all , if you wish . '' 
 the priests were right to be worried . 
 21 vasher stood atop the palace of the god king , watching the sun drop above the western rain forest . 
 the sunset was vibrant amidst the clouds , colors flaring , beautiful reds and oranges painting the trees . 
 then the sun disappeared and the colors faded . 
 some said that before a man died , his biochromatic aura flared with sudden brightness . 
 like a heart giving its last beat , like the final surge of a wave before the tide retreats . 
 vasher had seen it happen , but not with every death . 
 the event was rare , much like a perfect sunset . 
 dramatic , nightblood noted . 
 the sunset ? 
 vasher asked . 
 yes . 
 you ca n't see it , he said to the sword . 
 but i can feel you seeing it . 
 crimson . 
 like blood in the air . 
 vasher did n't respond . 
 the sword could n't see . 
 but with its powerful , twisted biochroma , it could sense life and people . 
 both were things nightblood had been created to protect . 
 it was strange , how easily and quickly protection could cause destruction . 
 sometimes , vasher wondered if the two were n't really the same thing . 
 protect a flower , destroy the pests who wanted to feed on it . 
 protect a building , destroy the plants that could have grown in the soil . 
 protect a man . 
 live with the destruction he creates . 
 although it was dark , vasher 's life sense was strong . 
 he could just faintly feel the grass growing below and knew how far away it was . 
 with more breath , he might even have been able to sense the lichen growing on the palace stones . 
 he knelt down , laying one hand on his trouser leg and one on the stone of the palace . 
 `` strengthen me , '' he commanded , breathing . 
 his trouser legs stiffened , and a patch of color bled from the black stone beside him . 
 black was a color . 
 he 'd never considered that before he 'd become an awakener . 
 tassels hanging at his cuffs stiffened , wrapping around his ankle . 
 with him kneeling as he was , they could also twist around the bottoms of his feet . 
 vasher placed a hand on the shoulder of his shirt , touching another patch of marble as he formed an image in his mind . 
 `` upon call , become my fingers and grip , '' he commanded . 
 the shirt quivered and a group of tassels curled up around his hand . 
 five of them , like fingers . 
 it was a difficult command . 
 it required far more breath to awaken than he would have liked-his remaining breath barely allowed him the second heightening-and the visualization of the command had taken practice to perfect . 
 the finger tassels were worth it ; they had proven very useful , and he was loath to engage in the night 's activities without them . 
 he stood up straight , noting the scar of grey marble on the otherwise perfectly black palace surface . 
 he smiled to think of the indignation the priests would feel when they discovered it . 
 he tested the strength in his legs , gripping nightblood , then took a careful step off the side of the palace . 
 he fell some ten feet ; the palace was constructed from massive stone blocks in a steep pyramidal shape . 
 he landed hard on the next block , but his awakened clothing absorbed some of the shock , acting like a second , external set of bones . 
 he stood up , nodding to himself , then jumped down the other pyramid steps . 
 eventually , he landed on the soft grass north of the palace , close to the wall that surrounded the entire plateau . 
 he crouched , watching quietly . 
 sneaking , vasher ? 
 nightblood said . 
 you 're terrible at sneaking . 
 vasher did n't respond . 
 you should attack , nightblood said . 
 you 're good at that . 
 you just want to prove how strong you are , vasher thought . 
 well , yes , the sword replied . 
 but you do have to admit that you 're bad at sneaking . 
 vasher ignored the sword . 
 a lone man in ragged clothing carrying a sword across the grounds would be conspicuous . 
 so he surveyed . 
 he had picked a night when the gods had n't planned any grand celebrations out in the courtyard , but there were still small groups of priests , minstrels , or servants moving between palaces . 
 how sure are you about this information of yours ? 
 nightblood said . 
 because , honestly , i do n't trust priests . 
 he is n't a priest , vasher thought . 
 he moved carefully , creeping through the dark starlit shadow of the wall 's overhang . 
 his contact had warned him to stay away from the palaces of influential gods like blushweaver and stillmark . 
 but he had also said that the palace of a lesser god-like giftbeacon or peaceyearning-wouldn ' t work for vasher 's purpose . 
 instead , vasher sought out the home of mercystar , a returned known for her involvement in politics , yet who was n't all that influential . 
 her palace looked relatively dark this evening , but there would still be guards . 
 hallandren returned all had servants to spare . 
 sure enough , vasher located two men watching the door he wanted . 
 they wore the extravagant costumes of court servants , colored yellow and gold after the pattern of their mistress . 
 the men were n't armed . 
 who would attack the home of a returned ? 
 they were simply there to keep anyone from wandering in and bothering their lady while she slept . 
 they stood by their lanterns , alert and attentive , but more for the sake of appearances than anything else . 
 vasher obscured nightblood beneath his cloak , then walked out of the darkness , looking from side to side anxiously , mumbling to himself . 
 he hunched his body to help hide the oversized hidden sword . 
 oh , please , nightblood said flatly . 
 the crazy disguise ? 
 you 're cleverer than that . 
 it 'll work , vasher thought . 
 this is the court of gods . 
 nothing attracts the unbalanced more than the prospect of meeting deities . 
 the two guards looked up when they saw him approaching , but they did n't seem surprised . 
 they had probably dealt with marginally insane people every day of their professional careers . 
 vasher had seen the types who ended up in the lines for returned petitions . 
 `` here now , '' one of the men said as vasher approached . 
 `` how 'd you get in here ? '' 
 vasher stepped up to them , mumbling to himself about talking to the goddess . 
 the second man put a hand on vasher 's shoulder . 
 `` come on , friend . 
 let 's get you back to the gates and see if there 's a shelter that 's still taking people in for the night . '' 
 vasher hesitated . 
 kindness . 
 he had n't expected that , for some reason . 
 the emotion made him feel a tad guilty for what he had to do next . 
 he snapped his arm to the side , twitching his thumb twice to make the long finger tassels on his shirt sleeve begin mimicking the motions of his real fingers . 
 he formed a fist . 
 the tassels snapped forward , wrapping around the first guard 's neck . 
 the man choked out a soft gasp of surprise . 
 before the second guard could react , vasher brought nightblood up , ramming the hilt into the guard 's stomach . 
 the man stumbled , and vasher swept his feet out from beneath him . 
 vasher 's boot followed , coming down slowly but firmly on the man 's neck . 
 he wiggled , but vasher 's legs bore awakened strength . 
 vasher stood for a long moment , both men struggling , neither managing to escape their strangulation . 
 a short time later , vasher stepped off the second guard 's neck , then lowered the first guard to the grass , twitching his thumb twice and releasing the finger tassels . 
 you did n't use me much , nightblood said , sounding hurt . 
 you could have used me . 
 i 'm better than a shirt . 
 i 'm a sword . 
 vasher ignored the comments , scanning the darkness to see if he had been spotted . 
 i really am better than a shirt . 
 i would have killed them . 
 look , they 're still breathing . 
 stupid shirt . 
 that was the point , vasher thought . 
 corpses cause more trouble than men who get knocked out . 
 i could knock people out , nightblood said immediately . 
 vasher shook his head , ducking into the building . 
 returned palaces-this one included-were generally just collections of open rooms with colorful sheets on the doorways . 
 the weather was so temperate in hallandren that the building could be open to the air at all times . 
 he did n't go through the central rooms , but instead stayed in the peripheral servant hallway . 
 if vasher 's in for mant had been truthful , then what he wanted could be found on the northeast side of the building . 
 as he walked , he unraveled the rope from his waist . 
 belts are stupid too , nightblood said . 
 they - at that moment , a group of four servants rounded the corner directly ahead of vasher . 
 vasher looked up , startled but not really surprised . 
 the servants ' shock lasted a second longer than his own . 
 within a heartbeat , vasher snapped the rope forward . 
 `` hold things , '' he commanded , giving up most of his remaining breath . 
 the rope rapped around the arm of one of the servants , though vasher had been aiming for the neck . 
 vasher cursed , yanking the person forward . 
 the man cried out as vasher knocked him against the angle of the corner . 
 the others moved to run . 
 vasher whipped out nightblood with his other hand . 
 yes ! 
 the sword thought . 
 vasher did n't draw the sword . 
 he simply tossed it forward . 
 the blade skidded against the floor , then came to rest before the three men . 
 one of the group froze , looking down at the sword , transfixed . 
 he reached out tentatively , eyes awed . 
 the other two took off running , yelling about an intruder . 
 blast ! 
 vasher thought . 
 he yanked the rope , knocking the entangled servant off of his feet again . 
 as the servant tried to stumble to his feet , vasher dashed forward and wrapped the rope around the man 's hands and body . 
 to his side , the remaining servant ignored both vasher and his friend . 
 this man picked up nightblood , eyes alight . 
 he undid the snap on the hilt , moving to pull the sword . 
 when he had barely gotten a thin sliver of blade free , a dark , fluidlike smoke began to stream out . 
 some dripped to the ground ; other tendrils of it snaked out and wrapped around the man 's arm , drawing the color from his skin . 
 vasher kicked out with an awakened leg , knocking the man down , forcing him to drop nightblood . 
 vasher left the first man squirming , tied up , then grabbed the man who had held the sword and rammed his head against the wall . 
 breathing hard , vasher grabbed nightblood , closed the sheath , and did up the clasp . 
 then he reached over , touching the rope that tied the dazed servant . 
 `` your breath to mine , '' he said , recovering the breath from the rope , leaving the man bound . 
 you did n't let me kill him , nightblood said , annoyed . 
 no , vasher said . 
 corpses , remember ? 
 and ... two ran away from me . 
 that 's not right . 
 you can not tempt the hearts of men who are pure , nightblood . 
 no matter how much he explained that concept , it seemed beyond the sword 's ability to comprehend . 
 vasher moved quickly , dashing down the hallway . 
 he had only a little farther to go , but there were already cries of alarm and calls for help . 
 he had no desire to fight an army of servants and soldiers . 
 he stopped , uncertain , in the unadorned hallway . 
 he noticed , idly , that awakening the rope had inadvertently stolen the color from his boots and cloak-the only pieces of clothing he wore that were n't themselves awakened . 
 the grey clothing would instantly brand him for what he was . 
 but the thought of backing down made him cringe . 
 he gritted his teeth in frustration , punching the wall . 
 this was supposed to have gone a lot more smoothly . 
 i told you , you are n't sneaky , nightblood said . 
 shut up , vasher thought , determined not to run . 
 he reached into a pouch at his belt , pulling out the object within : a dead squirrel . 
 yuck , nightblood said with a sniff . 
 vasher knelt , putting a hand on the creature . 
 `` awaken to my breath , '' he commanded , `` serve my needs , live at my command and my word . 
 fallen rope . '' 
 those last words , `` fallen rope , '' formed the security phrase . 
 vasher could have chosen anything , but he picked the first thing that came to mind . 
 one breath was leached from his body , going down into the small rodent 's corpse . 
 the thing began to twitch . 
 that was a breath vasher would never be able to recover , for creating a lifeless was a permanent act . 
 the squirrel lost all color , bleeding to grey , the awakening feeding off the body 's own colors to help fuel the transformation . 
 the squirrel had been grey in the first place , so the difference was tough to see . 
 that 's why vasher liked to use them . 
 `` fallen rope , '' he said to the creature , its grey eyes looking up at him . 
 the security phrase pronounced , vasher could now imprint the creature with an order , much as he did when performing a standard awakening . 
 `` make noise . 
 run around . 
 bite people who are not me . 
 fallen rope . '' 
 the second use of the words closed its impressionability , so it could no longer be commanded . 
 the squirrel hopped up to its feet then scampered down the hallway , heading for the open doorway the fleeing servants had disappeared into . 
 vasher stood and began to run again , hoping that this distraction would earn him time . 
 indeed , a few moments later he heard cries coming from the doorway . 
 clangs and screams followed . 
 lifeless could be difficult to stop , particularly a fresh one with orders to bite . 
 vasher smiled . 
 we could have taken them , nightblood said . 
 vasher rushed to the place his information had indicated . 
 the location was marked by a splintered board in the wall , ostensibly just normal wear of the building . 
 vasher crouched , hoping that his in for mant had not lied . 
 he searched around on the floor , then froze as he found the hidden latch . 
 he pulled it open , revealing a trapdoor . 
 returned palaces were only supposed to be one story . 
 he smiled . 
 what if this tunnel does n't have another way out ? 
 nightblood asked as vasher dropped into the hole , trusting his awakened clothing to absorb the fall . 
 then you 'll probably get to kill a lot of people , vasher thought . 
 however , his information had been good so far . 
 he suspected that the rest was good as well . 
 the priests of the iridescent tones , it appeared , were hiding things from the rest of the kingdom . 
 and from their gods . 
 22 weatherlove , god of storms , selected one of the wooden spheres from the rack , then hefted it in his hand . 
 it had been built to fill the palm of a god , and was weighted in the middle with lead . 
 carved with rings across the surface , it was painted a deep blue . 
 `` a doubling sphere ? '' 
 asked lifeblesser . 
 `` a bold move . '' 
 weatherlove eyed the small group of gods behind him . 
 lightsong was among them , sipping on a sweet orange fruited drink with some kind of alcohol enhancement . 
 it had been several days since he 'd allowed llarimar to talk him out of bed , but he still had come to no conclusion on how to proceed . 
 `` a bold move indeed , '' weatherlove said , tossing the sphere up into the air , then catching it . 
 `` tell me , lightsong the bold . 
 do you favor this throw ? '' 
 the other gods chuckled . 
 there were four of them playing . 
 as usual , weatherlove wore a green and gold robe that hung from only one shoulder with a wrap around his waist that came down to mid-thigh . 
 the outfit-patterned after the ancient dress of the returned from paintings centuries past-revealed his sculpted muscles and divine figure . 
 he stood at the edge of the balcony , as it was his turn to throw . 
 seated behind him were the three others . 
 lightsong on the left and lifeblesser-god of healing-in the middle . 
 truthcall , god of nature , sat on the far right , wearing his ornate cloak and uniform of maroon and white . 
 the three gods were variations on a theme . 
 if lightsong had n't known them well , he would have had trouble telling them apart . 
 each stood almost exactly seven feet tall , with bulging muscles that any mortal would have envied . 
 true , lifeblesser had brown hair , while weatherlove had blond and truthcall had black . 
 but all three had that same set of square-jawed features , perfect coiffure , and innate seamless grace that marked them as returned divinities . 
 only their costumes really offered any variety . 
 lightsong sipped his drink . 
 `` do i bless your throw , weatherlove ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` are we not in competition against one another ? '' 
 `` i suppose , '' the god said , tossing the wooden ball up and down . 
 `` then why would i bless you when you throw against me ? '' 
 weatherlove just smirked , then pulled back his arm and launched the ball out across the pitch . 
 it bounced , then rolled over the grass , eventually coming to rest . 
 this section of the courtyard had been divided into an expansive game board with ropes and stakes . 
 priests and servants scurried about on the sides , making notations and keeping track of the score so that the gods would n't have to . 
 tarachin was a complex game , played only by the wealthy . 
 lightsong had never bothered to learn the rules . 
 he found it more amusing to play when he had no idea what he was doing . 
 it was his throw next . 
 he stood up , selecting one of the wooden spheres from the rack because it matched the color of his drink . 
 he tossed the orange sphere up and down ; then-not paying attention to where he was throwing-he tossed it out onto the field . 
 the sphere flew much farther than it probably should have ; he had the strength of a perfect body . 
 that was part of the reason the field was so vast ; it had to be built to the scale of gods , and so when they played , they required the elevated perspective of a balcony to view their game . 
 tarachin was supposed to be one of the most difficult games in the world ; it required strength to throw the spheres correctly , keen wit to understand where to place them , coordination to do so with the necessary precision , and a great understanding of strategy to pick the proper sphere and dominate the game field . 
 `` four hundred and thirteen points , '' a servant announced after being fed the number by scribes working below . 
 `` another magnificent throw , '' truthcall said , perking up in his wooden lounging chair . 
 `` how do you do it ? 
 i 'd never have thought to use a reversal sphere for that throw . '' 
 is that what the orange ones are called ? 
 lightsong thought , returning to his seat . 
 `` you just have to understand the playing field , '' he said , `` and learn to get inside the mind of the sphere . 
 think like it does , reason as it might . '' 
 `` reason like a sphere ? '' 
 lifeblesser said , standing up . 
 he wore flowing robes of his colors , blue and silver . 
 he selected a green sphere off the rack , then stared at it . 
 `` what type of reasoning does a wooden sphere do ? '' 
 `` the circular type , i should think , '' lightsong said lightly . 
 `` and , by coincidence , it is my favorite type as well . 
 perhaps that 's why i 'm so good at the game . '' 
 lifeblesser frowned , opening his mouth to reply . 
 he finally shut it , looking confused by lightsong 's comment . 
 becoming a god did not , unfortunately , increase one 's mental capacity along with one 's physical attributes . 
 lightsong did n't mind . 
 for him , the real sport of a game of tarachin never involved where the spheres landed . 
 lifeblesser made his throw , then sat down . 
 `` i do say , lightsong , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` i mean this as a compliment , but having you around can be draining ! '' 
 `` yes , '' lightsong said , sipping his drink , `` i 'm remarkably like a mosquito in that regard . 
 truthcall , is n't it your throw ? '' 
 `` actually , it 's yours again , '' weatherlove said . 
 `` you achieved the crown pairing during your last toss , remember ? '' 
 `` ah yes , how could i forget , '' lightsong said , rising . 
 he took another sphere , tossed it over his shoulder out onto the green , then sat down . 
 `` five hundred and seven points , '' the priest announced . 
 `` now you 're just showing off , '' truthcall said . 
 lightsong said nothing . 
 in his opinion , it revealed an inherent flaw in the game that the one who knew least about it tended to do the best . 
 he doubted , however , that the others would take it that way . 
 all three were very dedicated to their sport , and they played every week . 
 there was blessed little else for them to do with their time . 
 lightsong suspected that they kept inviting him only because they wanted to prove , at last , that they could defeat him . 
 if he 'd fathomed the rules , he 'd have tried to lose on purpose to keep them from insisting that he come play with them . 
 still , he liked the way his victories annoyed them-though , of course , they never showed him anything other than perfect decorum . 
 either way , under the circumstances , he suspected that he could n't lose if he wanted to . 
 it was rather difficult to throw a game when you had no idea what you were doing to win it in the first place . 
 truthcall finally stepped up to throw . 
 he always wore clothing of a martial style , and the colors maroon and white were very handsome on him . 
 lightsong suspected that he 'd always been jealous that instead of being given lifeless commands as his duty to the court , he 'd been given a vote over issues of trade with other kingdoms . 
 `` i hear that you spoke with the queen a few days back , lightsong , '' truthcall said as he threw . 
 `` yes , indeed , '' lightsong said , sipping his drink . 
 `` she was extraordinarily pleasant , i must say . '' 
 weatherlove gave a quiet laugh , obviously thinking that last comment to be sarcasm-which was a little annoying , since lightsong had meant it sincerely . 
 `` the entire court is abuzz , '' truthcall said , turning and flipping back his cape , then leaning against the balcony railing as he waited for the points from his throw to be tabulated . 
 `` the idrians betrayed the treaty , one could say . '' 
 `` the wrong princess , '' weatherlove agreed . 
 `` it gives us an opening . '' 
 `` yes , '' truthcall said musingly , `` but an opening for what ? '' 
 `` to attack ! '' 
 lifeblesser said in his usual , dense way . 
 the other two regarded him wincingly . 
 `` there is so much more to be gained than that , lifeblesser . '' 
 `` yes , '' weatherlove said , idly spinning the last bit of wine in his cup . 
 `` my plans are already in motion , of course . '' 
 `` and what plans would those be , divine brother ? '' 
 truthcall said . 
 weatherlove smiled . 
 `` i would n't want to spoil the surprise , now , would i ? '' 
 `` that depends , '' truthcall said evenly . 
 `` will it keep me from demanding the idrians give us more access to the passes ? 
 i 'm willing to bet that some ... pressures could be placed on the new queen could to gain her favor for such a proposal . 
 she 's said to be rather naive . '' 
 lightsong felt a slight nausea as they spoke . 
 he knew how they plotted , always scheming . 
 they played their game with spheres , but just as much of their reason for seeing one another at these events was to posture and make deals . 
 `` her ignorance must be an act , '' lifeblesser said in a rare moment of thoughtfulness . 
 `` they would n't have sent her if she was really that inexperienced . '' 
 `` she 's idrian , '' truthcall said dismissively . 
 `` their most important city has fewer people than a small t'telir neighborhood . 
 they barely understand the concept of politics , i 'll warrant . 
 they are more used to talking to sheep than humans . '' 
 weatherlove nodded . 
 `` even if she 's ` well trained ' by their standards , she 'll be easy to manipulate here . 
 the real trick is going to be to make certain others do n't get to her first . 
 lightsong , what was your impression ? 
 will she be quick to do as the gods tell her ? '' 
 `` i really would n't know , '' he said , waving for more juice . 
 `` as you know , i 'm not much interested in political games . '' 
 weatherlove and truthcall shared a smirking look ; like most in the court , they considered lightsong hopeless when it came to practical matters . 
 and by their definition , `` practical '' meant `` taking advantage of others . '' 
 `` lightsong , '' lifeblesser said with his tactlessly honest voice . 
 `` you really need to take more of an interest in politics . 
 it can be very diverting . 
 why , if you only knew the secrets to which i 'm privy ! '' 
 `` my dear lifeblesser , '' lightsong replied , `` please trust me when i say that i have no desire to know any secrets which involve you and a privy . '' 
 lifeblesser frowned , obviously trying to work through that one . 
 the other two began to discuss the queen again as the priests reported the score from the last throw . 
 oddly , lightsong found himself increasingly troubled . 
 as lifeblesser stood up to take his next toss , lightsong found himself rising as well . 
 `` my divine brothers , '' he said , `` i suddenly feel quite weary . 
 perhaps it was something i ingested . '' 
 `` not something i served , i hope ? '' 
 truthcall said . 
 it was his palace . 
 `` food , no , '' lightsong said . 
 `` the other things you 're serving today , perhaps . 
 i really must be on my way . '' 
 `` but you 're in the lead ! '' 
 truthcall said . 
 `` if you leave now , we 'll have to play again next week ! '' 
 `` your threats roll off of me like water , my divine brother , '' lightsong said , nodding respectfully to each in turn . 
 `` i bid you farewell until such time as you drag me up here again to play this tragic game of yours . '' 
 they laughed . 
 he was n't sure whether to be amused or insulted that they so often confused his jokes for serious statements and the other way around . 
 he collected his priests-llarimar included-from the room just inside the balcony , but did n't feel like speaking with any of them . 
 he just made his way through the palace of deep reds and whites , still troubled . 
 the men on the balcony were rank amateurs compared to the real political masters , like blushweaver . 
 they were so blunt and obvious with their plans . 
 but even men who were blunt and obvious could be dangerous , particularly to a woman like the queen , who obviously had little experience with such things . 
 i 've already determined that i ca n't help her , lightsong thought , leaving the palace and entering the green outside . 
 to the right , a complex network of rope squares and patterns marked the tarachin pitch . 
 a sphere bounced with a distant thud in the grass . 
 lightsong walked the other direction on the springy lawn , not even waiting for his priests to erect a canopy to shade him from the afternoon sun . 
 he still worried that if he tried to help , he 'd just make things worse . 
 but then there were the dreams . 
 war and violence . 
 over and over again , he saw the fall of t'telir itself , the destruction of his homeland . 
 he could n't continue to ignore the dreams , even if he did n't accept them as prophetic . 
 blushweaver thought that war was important . 
 or , at least , that it was important to prepare for . 
 he trusted her more than any other god or goddess , but he also worried about how aggressive she was . 
 she had come to him , asking him to be a part of her plans . 
 had she done it , perhaps , because she knew he would be more temperate than she ? 
 was she intentionally balancing herself ? 
 he heard petitions , even though he did n't intend to ever give up his breath and die . 
 he interpreted paintings , even though he did n't think he was seeing anything prophetic in them . 
 could n't he help secure power in the court in order to be prepared when he did n't believe that his visions meant anything ? 
 particularly if those preparations helped protect a young woman who , undoubtedly , would have no other allies ? 
 llarimar had told him to do his best . 
 that sounded like an awful lot of work . 
 unfortunately , doing nothing was beginning to seem like even more work . 
 sometimes , when you stepped in something foul , the only thing to do was to stop walking and make the effort to clean it off . 
 he sighed , shaking his head . 
 `` i 'm probably going to regret this , '' he muttered to himself . 
 then he went looking for blushweaver . 
 <br/> vivenna frowned . 
 `` security phrase ? '' 
 denth eyed her . 
 `` this is a rather heretical discussion we 're getting into . 
 you sure you want to continue ? '' 
 vivenna ignored the amusement in his tone . 
 `` i still do not like the idea of that thing being with us , particularly if i do n't have any way to control it . '' 
 `` all awakening works by way of the command , princess , '' denth said . 
 `` you infuse something with life , then give it an order . 
 lifeless are valuable because you can give them commands after you create them , unlike regular awakened objects , which you can only command once in advance . 
 plus , lifeless can remember a long list of complicated orders and are generally good about not misunderstanding them . 
 they retain a bit of their humanity , i guess . '' 
 vivenna shivered . 
 that made them seem far too sentient for her liking . 
 `` however , that means pretty much anyone can control a lifeless , '' denth said . 
 `` not just the person who created them . 
 so we give them security phrases . 
 a couple words you can say that will let you imprint the creature with new commands . '' 
 `` so what 's the security phrase for clod ? '' 
 `` i 'll have to ask jewels if you can have it . '' 
 vivenna opened her mouth to complain , but thought better of it . 
 denth obviously did n't like interfering with jewels or her work . 
 vivenna would simply have to make a point of it later , once they were in a more private location . 
 instead , she just eyed clod . 
 he was dressed in simple clothing . 
 grey trousers and grey shirt , with a leather jerkin that had been drained of color . 
 he carried a large blade at his waist . 
 not a dueling sword-a more brutal , broad-bladed weapon . 
 all in grey , vivenna thought . 
 is that because they want everyone to recognize clod for a lifeless ? 
 despite what denth said about lifeless being common , many people gave the thing a wide berth . 
 snakes might be common in the jungle , she thought , but that does n't mean that people are pleased to see them . 
 jewels chatted quietly at the lifeless , though it never responded . 
 it simply walked , face forward , inhuman in the steady rhythm of its steps . 
 `` does she always ... talk to it like that ? '' 
 vivenna asked , shivering . 
 `` yeah , '' denth said . 
 `` that does n't seem very healthy . '' 
 denth looked troubled , though he said nothing . 
 a few moments later , tonk fah and parlin returned . 
 tonk fah , vivenna was displeased to see , had a small monkey on his shoulder . 
 it chittered a bit , then ran behind tonk fah 's neck , moving to the other shoulder . 
 `` a new pet ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` what happened to that parrot of yours , anyway ? '' 
 tonk fah looked ashamed , and denth just shook his head . 
 `` tonks is n't very good with pets . '' 
 `` that parrot was boring anyway , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` monkeys are much more interesting . '' 
 vivenna shook her head . 
 it was n't long before they arrived at the next restaurant , one far less lavish than the previous one . 
 jewels , parlin , and the lifeless took up places outside , as usual , and vivenna and the two male mercenaries walked in . 
 the meetings were becoming routine . 
 during the last couple of weeks , they 'd met with at least a dozen people of varying usefulness . 
 some were underground leaders denth thought might be capable of making a ruckus . 
 others were merchants , like fob . 
 all in all , vivenna was impressed with the variety of covert ways denth had come up with to disrupt things in t'telir . 
 most of the schemes did , however , require a display of vivenna 's royal locks as a clincher . 
 most people instantly grasped the importance of a royal daughter being in the city , and she was left wondering just how lemex had intended to achieve results without such convincing proof . 
 denth led them to a table in the corner , and vivenna frowned at how dirty the restaurant was . 
 the only light came in the form of slim slatlike windows shining beams of sunlight through the ceiling , but even that was enough to show the grime . 
 despite her hunger , she quickly determined that she would not be eating anything at this establishment . 
 `` why do we keep switching restaurants , anyway ? '' 
 she said , sitting down-but only after wiping off the stool with her handkerchief . 
 `` harder to spy on us that way , '' denth said . 
 `` i keep warning you , princess . 
 this is more dangerous than it seems . 
 do n't let the simple meetings over food throw you off . 
 in any other city , we 'd be meeting in lairs , gambling parlors , or alleyways . 
 best to keep moving . '' 
 they settled down , and as if they had n't just come from their second lunch of the day , denth and tonk fah ordered food . 
 vivenna sat quietly in her chair , preparing for the meeting . 
 gods feast was something of a holy day in hallandren-though , from what she 'd seen , the people of the pagan city had no real concept of what a `` holy day '' should be . 
 instead of helping the monks in their fields or caring for the needy , the people took the evening off and splurged on meals-as if the gods wanted them to be extravagant . 
 and perhaps they did . 
 from what she 'd heard , the returned were prolifigate beings . 
 it made sense for their followers to spend their `` holy day '' being idle and gluttonous . 
 their contact arrived before the food did . 
 he walked in with two bodyguards of his own . 
 he wore nice clothing-which meant bright clothing , in t'telir - but his beard was long and greasy , and he appeared to be short several teeth . 
 he pointed , and his bodyguards pulled a second table over next to vivenna 's , then arranged three chairs by it . 
 the man took a seat , careful to keep his distance from denth and tonk fah . 
 `` a little paranoid , are n't we ? '' 
 denth said . 
 the man raised his hands . 
 `` caution never hurt a man . '' 
 `` more food for us , then , '' tonk fah said as the plate arrived . 
 it was covered with bits of ... something that had been battered and fried . 
 the monkey immediately scrambled down tonk fah 's arm and snatched a few pieces . 
 `` so , '' the man said , `` you 're the infamous denth . '' 
 `` i am . 
 i assume you 're grable ? '' 
 the man nodded . 
 one of the city 's less reputable thieving lords , vivenna thought . 
 a strong ally of vahr 's rebellion . 
 they had been waiting weeks to set up this meeting . 
 `` good , '' denth said . 
 `` we have some interest in making certain supply carts disappear on the way to the city . '' 
 he said it so openly . 
 vivenna glanced about , making certain no other tables were close . 
 `` grable owns this restaurant , princess , '' tonk fah whispered . 
 `` every second man in this room is probably a bodyguard . '' 
 great , she thought , annoyed they had n't told her before they entered . 
 she glanced around again , feeling far more jumpy this time . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 grable asked , bringing vivenna 's attention back to the conversation . 
 `` you want to make things disappear ? 
 caravans of food ? '' 
 `` it 's a difficult job we 're asking for , '' denth said grimly . 
 `` these are n't long-distance caravans . 
 most of them will simply be coming into the city from the outlying farms . '' 
 he nodded to vivenna , and she pulled out a small pouch of coins . 
 she handed them to him , and he tossed them to a nearby table . 
 one of the bodyguards investigated . 
 `` for your trouble in coming today , '' denth said . 
 vivenna watched the money go with a crimp in her stomach . 
 it felt downright wrong to be using royal funds to bribe men like grable . 
 what she had just given away was n't even a real bribe-it was simply `` grease money , '' as denth put it . 
 `` now , '' denth said , `` the carts we 're talking about - '' `` wait , '' grable said . 
 `` let 's see the hair first . '' 
 vivenna sighed , moving to put up the shawl . 
 `` no shawl , '' grable said . 
 `` no tricks . 
 the men in this room are loyal . '' 
 vivenna shot a glance at denth , and he nodded . 
 so she shifted colors a couple of times . 
 grable watched intently , scratching at his beard . 
 `` nice , '' he finally said . 
 `` nice indeed . 
 where 'd you find her ? '' 
 denth frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` a person with enough royal blood to imitate one of the princesses . '' 
 `` she 's no impostor , '' denth said as tonk fah continued to work on the plate of fried somethings . 
 `` come now , '' grable said , smiling with a wide , uneven smile . 
 `` you can tell me . '' 
 `` it 's true , '' vivenna said . 
 `` being royal is about more than just blood . 
 it 's about lineage and the holy calling of austre . 
 my children will not have the royal locks unless i become queen of idris . 
 only potential heirs have the ability to change their hair color . '' 
 `` superstitious nonsense , '' grable said . 
 he leaned forward , ignoring her and focusing on denth . 
 `` i do n't care about your caravans , denth . 
 i want to buy the girl from you . 
 how much ? '' 
 denth was silent . 
 `` word of her is spreading about town , '' grable said . 
 `` i see what you 're doing . 
 you could move a lot of people , make a lot of noise , with a person who seemed to be of the royal family . 
 i do n't know where you found her , or how you trained her so well , but i want her . '' 
 denth stood up slowly . 
 `` we 're leaving , '' he said . 
 grable 's bodyguards stood up too . 
 denth moved . 
 there were flashes-reflections of sunlight , and bodies moving too fast for vivenna 's shocked mind to follow . 
 then the motion stopped . 
 grable remained in his chair . 
 denth stood poised , his dueling blade sticking through the neck of one of the bodyguards . 
 the bodyguard looked surprised , his hand still on his sword . 
 vivenna had n't even seen denth draw his weapon . 
 the other bodyguard stumbled , blood staining the front of his jerkin from where-shockingly-denth seemed to have managed to stab him as well . 
 he slipped to the ground , bumping grable 's table in his death throes . 
 lord of colors ... vivenna thought . 
 so fast ! 
 `` so , you are as good as they say , '' grable said , still looking unconcerned . 
 around the room , other men had stood . 
 some twenty of them . 
 tonk fah grabbed another handful of fried things , then nudged vivenna . 
 `` we might want to get up , '' he whispered . 
 denth pulled his sword free of the bodyguard 's neck , and the man joined his friend , bleeding and dying on the floor . 
 denth slammed his sword into its sheath without wiping it , never breaking grable 's gaze . 
 `` people speak of you , '' grable said . 
 `` say you appeared out of nowhere a decade or so back . 
 gathered yourself a team of the best-stole them from important men . 
 or important prisons . 
 nobody knows much about you , other than the fact that you 're fast . 
 some say inhumanly so . '' 
 denth nodded toward the doorway . 
 vivenna stood nervously , then let tonk fah pull her through the room . 
 the guards stood with their hands on their swords , but nobody attacked . 
 `` it 's a pity we could n't do business , '' grable said , sighing . 
 `` i hope you 'll think of me for future dealings . '' 
 denth finally turned away , joining vivenna and tonk fah as they left the restaurant and moved out onto the sunny street . 
 parlin and jewels hurried to catch up . 
 `` he 's letting us go ? '' 
 vivenna asked , heart thumping . 
 `` he just wanted to see my blade , '' denth said . 
 he still seemed tense . 
 `` it happens sometimes . '' 
 `` barring that , he wanted to steal himself a princess , '' tonk fah added . 
 `` he either got to verify denth 's skill or he got you . '' 
 `` but ... you could have killed him ! '' 
 vivenna said . 
 tonk fah snorted . 
 `` and bring down the wrath of half the thieves , assassins , and burglars in the city ? 
 no , grable knew he was n't ever in any danger from us . '' 
 denth looked back at her . 
 `` i 'm sorry for wasting your time-i thought he 'd be more useful . '' 
 she frowned , noting for the first time the careful mask that denth kept on his emotions . 
 she 'd always thought of him as carefree , like tonk fah , but now she saw hints of something else . 
 control . 
 control that was , for the first time since they 'd met , in danger of cracking . 
 `` well , no harm done , '' she said . 
 `` except for those slobs that denth poked , '' tonk fah added , happily feeding another morsel to his monkey . 
 `` we need to - '' `` princess ? '' 
 a voice asked from the crowd . 
 denth and tonk fah both spun . 
 once again , denth 's sword was out before vivenna could track . 
 this time , however , he did n't strike . 
 the man behind them did n't seem much of a threat . 
 he wore ragged brown clothing , and had a leathery suntanned face . 
 he had the look of a farmer . 
 `` oh , princess , '' the man said , hurrying forward , ignoring the blades . 
 `` it is you . 
 i heard rumors , but ... oh , you 're here ! '' 
 denth shot a look at tonk fah , and the larger mercenary reached out , putting a hand in front of the newcomer before he got too close to vivenna . 
 she would have thought the caution unnecessary had she just not seen denth kill two men in an eyeblink . 
 the danger denth always talked about was slowly seeping into her mind . 
 if this man had a hidden weapon and a little skill , he could kill her before she knew what was happening . 
 it was a chilling realization . 
 `` princess , '' the man said , falling to his knees . 
 `` i am your servant . '' 
 `` please , '' she said . 
 `` do not put me above others . '' 
 `` oh , '' the man said , looking up . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it 's been so long since i left idris ! 
 but , it is you ! '' 
 `` how did you know i was here ? '' 
 `` the idrians in t'telir , '' the man said . 
 `` they say you 've come to take the throne back . 
 we 've been oppressed here for so long that i thought people were just making up stories . 
 but it 's true ! 
 you 're here ! '' 
 denth glanced at her , then at grable 's restaurant , which was still close behind them . 
 he nodded to tonk fah . 
 `` grab him , search him , and we 'll talk somewhere else . '' 
 <br/> `` jewels , '' denth said . 
 `` follow him . '' 
 she nodded and was gone . 
 vivenna glanced back at the two mercenaries , expecting to find them angry at her . 
 `` aw , did you have to let him go so fast ? '' 
 tonk fah said , sitting down on the floor , looking morose . 
 whatever he 'd done to look dangerous was gone , evaporating faster than water on metal in the sun . 
 `` now you 've done it , '' denth said . 
 `` he 'll be sullen for the rest of the day . '' 
 `` i never get to be the bad guy anymore , '' tonk fah said , falling back and staring up at the ceiling . 
 his monkey wandered over and sat atop his ample stomach . 
 `` you 'll get over it , '' vivenna said , rolling her eyes . 
 `` why were you so hard on him , anyway ? '' 
 denth shrugged . 
 `` you know what i like least about being a mercenary ? '' 
 `` i suspect that you 're going to tell me , '' vivenna said , folding her arms . 
 `` people are always trying to fool you , '' he said , sitting down on the floor beside tonk fah . 
 `` they all think that because you 're hired muscle , you 're an idiot . '' 
 he paused , as if expecting tonk fah to give his usual counterpoint . 
 instead , however , the bulky mercenary just continued to stare at the ceiling . 
 `` arsteel always got to be the mean one , '' he said . 
 denth sighed , giving vivenna a `` this is your fault '' look . 
 `` anyway , '' he continued . 
 `` i could n't be sure that our friend there was n't a plant arranged by grable . 
 he could have pretended to be a loyal subject , gotten inside our defenses , then knifed you in the back . 
 best to be safe . '' 
 she sat down on the stool , and was tempted to say that he was overreacting , but ... well , she had just seen him kill two men in her defense . 
 i 'm paying them , she thought . 
 i should probably just let them do their job . 
 `` tonk fah , '' she said . 
 `` you can be the mean one next time . '' 
 he looked up . 
 `` you promise ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` can i yell at the person we are interrogating ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she said . 
 `` can i growl at him ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i guess , '' she said . 
 `` can i break his fingers ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` not even the unimportant ones ? '' 
 tonk fah asked . 
 `` i mean , people have five after all . 
 the little ones do n't even do that much . '' 
 vivenna paused , then tonk fah and denth started laughing . 
 `` oh , honestly , '' she said , turning away . 
 `` i can never tell when you shift from being serious to being ridiculous . '' 
 `` that 's what makes it so funny , '' tonk fah said , still chuckling . 
 `` are we leaving , then ? '' 
 vivenna said , rising . 
 `` nah , '' denth said . 
 `` let 's wait a bit . 
 i 'm still not sure that grable is n't looking for us . 
 best to lay low for a few hours . '' 
 she frowned , glancing at denth . 
 tonk fah , amazingly , was already snoring softly . 
 `` i thought you said that grable would let us go , '' she said . 
 `` that he was just testing us-that he wanted to see how good you were . '' 
 `` it 's likely , '' denth said . 
 `` but i 've been known to be wrong . 
 he might have let us go because he was worried about my sword being so close to him . 
 he could be having second thoughts . 
 we 'll give it a few hours , then head back and ask my watchers if anyone has been poking around the house . '' 
 `` watchers ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` you have people watching our house ? '' 
 `` of course , '' denth said . 
 `` kids work cheap in the city . 
 worth the coin , even when you 're not protecting a princess from a rival kingdom . '' 
 she folded her arms , standing . 
 she did n't feel like sitting , so she began to pace . 
 `` i would n't worry too much about grable , '' denth said , eyes closed as he sat back , leaning against the wall . 
 `` this is just a precaution . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` it makes sense that he 'd want revenge , denth , '' she said . 
 `` you killed two of his men . '' 
 `` men can be cheap in this city too , princess . '' 
 `` you say he was testing you , '' vivenna said . 
 `` but what would be the point of that ? 
 provoking you to action just to let you go ? '' 
 `` to see how much of a threat i was , '' denth said , shrugging , eyes still closed . 
 `` or , more likely , to see if i was worth the pay i usually demand . 
 again , i would n't worry so much . '' 
 she sighed , then wandered over to the window so she could watch the street . 
 `` you should probably stay away from the window , '' denth said . 
 `` just to be safe . '' 
 first he tells me not to worry , then he tells me not to let myself be seen , she thought with frustration , walking toward the back of the room , moving toward the door down to the cellar . 
 `` i would n't do that , either , '' denth noted . 
 `` stairs are broken in a few places . 
 not much to see , anyway . 
 dirt floor . 
 dirt walls . 
 dirt ceiling . '' 
 she sighed again , turning away from the door . 
 `` what is with you , anyway ? '' 
 he asked , still not opening his eyes . 
 `` you 're not usually this nervous . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said . 
 `` being locked in like this makes me anxious . '' 
 `` i thought princesses were taught to be patient , '' denth noted . 
 he 's right , she realized . 
 that sounded like something siri would say . 
 what is wrong with me lately ? 
 she forced herself to sit down on the stool , folding her hands in her lap , reasserting control of her hair , which had rebelliously started to lighten to a brown . 
 `` please , '' she said , forcing herself to sound patient , `` tell me of this place . 
 why did you select this building ? '' 
 denth cracked an eyelid . 
 `` we rent it , '' he finally said . 
 `` it 's nice to have safe houses around the city . 
 since we do n't use them very often , we find the cheapest ones we can . '' 
 i noticed , vivenna thought , but fell silent , recognizing how stilted her attempt at conversation had sounded . 
 she sat quietly , looking down at her hands , trying to figure out just what had set her on edge . 
 it was more than the fight . 
 the truth was , she was worried about how long things in t'telir were taking . 
 her father would have received her letter two weeks before and would know that two of his daughters were in hallandren . 
 she could only hope that the logic of her letter , mixed with her threats , would keep him from doing anything foolish . 
 she was glad denth had made her abandon lemex 's house . 
 if her father did send agents to retrieve her , they would naturally try to find lemex first-just as she had . 
 however , a cowardly part of her wished that denth had n't shown such foresight . 
 if they were still living in lemex 's home , she might have been discovered already . 
 and be on her way back to idris . 
 she acted so determined . 
 indeed , sometimes she felt quite determined . 
 those were the times when she thought about siri or her kingdom 's needs . 
 however , those times-the royal times-were actually rather rare . 
 the rest of the time , she wondered . 
 what was she doing ? 
 she did n't know about subterfuge or warfare . 
 denth was really behind everything she was `` doing '' to help idris . 
 what she had suspected on that first day had proved true . 
 her preparation and study amounted to little . 
 she did n't know how to go about saving siri . 
 she did n't know what to do about the breath she held within her . 
 she did n't even know , really , if she wanted to stay in this insane , overcrowded , overcolored city . 
 in short , she was useless . 
 and that was the one thing , above all else , that her training had never prepared her to deal with . 
 `` you really want to meet with the idrians ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 vivenna looked up . 
 outside , it was growing darker as evening approached . 
 do i ? 
 she thought . 
 if my father has agents in the city , they might be there . 
 but , if there 's something i can do for those people ... `` i 'd like to , '' she said . 
 he fell silent . 
 `` you do n't like it , '' she said . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it will be hard to arrange , hard to keep quiet , and will make you hard to protect . 
 these meetings we 've been having-they 've all been in controlled areas . 
 if you meet with the common folk , that wo n't be possible . '' 
 she nodded quietly . 
 `` i want to do it anyway . 
 i have to do something , denth . 
 something useful . 
 being paraded before these contacts of yours is helping . 
 but i need to do more . 
 if war is coming , we need to prepare these people . 
 help them , somehow . '' 
 she looked up , staring out toward the windows . 
 clod the lifeless stood in the corner where jewels had left him . 
 vivenna shivered , looking away . 
 `` i want to help my sister , '' she said . 
 `` and i want to be useful to my people . 
 but i ca n't help feeling that i 'm not doing much for idris by staying in the city . '' 
 `` better than leaving , '' denth said . 
 `` why ? 
 `` because if you left , there would n't be anyone to pay me . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` i was n't joking , '' denth noted . 
 `` i really do like getting paid . 
 however , there are better reasons to stay . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` depends , i guess . 
 look , princess , i 'm not the type to give brilliant advice or deep counsel . 
 i 'm a mercenary . 
 you pay me , you point me , and i go stab things . 
 but i figure that if you think about it , you 'll find that running back to idris is about the least useful thing you could do . 
 you wo n't be able to do anything there other than sit about and knit doilies . 
 your father has other heirs . 
 here , you might be largely ineffective-but there you 're completely redundant . '' 
 he fell silent , stretching , leaning back a little more . 
 tough man to have a conversation with , sometimes , vivenna thought to herself , shaking her head . 
 still , she found his words comforting . 
 she smiled , turning . 
 and found clod standing right beside her stool . 
 she yelped , half-scrambling , half-falling backward . 
 denth was on his feet in a heartbeat , sword drawn , and tonk fah was n't far behind . 
 vivenna stumbled to her feet , her skirts getting in the way , and placed a hand against her chest , as if to still her heartbeat . 
 the lifeless stood , watching her . 
 `` he does that sometimes , '' denth said , chuckling , though it sounded false to vivenna . 
 `` just walks up to people . '' 
 `` like he was curious about them , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` they ca n't be curious , '' denth said . 
 `` no emotion at all . 
 clod . 
 go back to your corner . '' 
 the lifeless turned and began to walk . 
 `` no , '' vivenna said , shivering . 
 `` put it in the basement . '' 
 `` but , the stairs - '' denth said . 
 `` now ! '' 
 vivenna snapped , hair tingeing red at the tips . 
 denth sighed . 
 `` clod , to the cellar . '' 
 the lifeless turned and walked to the door at the back . 
 as he went down the steps , vivenna heard one crack slightly , but the creature made it safely , judging by the sound of his footsteps . 
 she sat back down , trying to calm her breathing . 
 `` sorry about that , '' denth said . 
 `` i ca n't feel him , '' vivenna said . 
 `` it 's unnerving . 
 i forget that he 's there , and do n't notice when he approaches . '' 
 denth nodded . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` jewels , too , '' she said , glancing at him . 
 `` she is a drab . '' 
 `` yeah , '' denth said , settling back down . 
 `` has been since she was a child . 
 her parents sold her breath to one of the gods . '' 
 `` they each need a breath a week to survive , '' tonk fah added . 
 `` how horrible , '' vivenna said . 
 i really need to show her more kindness . 
 `` it 's really not so bad , '' denth said . 
 `` i 've been without breath myself . '' 
 `` you have ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` everyone goes through times when they 're short of coin . 
 the nice thing about breath is that you can always buy one off someone else . '' 
 `` somebody is always selling , '' tonk fah said . 
 vivenna shook her head , shivering . 
 `` but you have to live without it for a time . 
 have no soul . '' 
 denth laughed-and this time it was definitely genuine . 
 `` oh , that 's just superstition , princess . 
 lacking breath does n't change you that much . '' 
 `` it makes you less kind , '' vivenna said . 
 `` more irritable . 
 like ... '' `` jewels ? '' 
 denth asked , amused . 
 `` nah , she 'd be like that anyway . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 either way , when i 've sold my breath , i did n't feel much different . 
 you really have to pay attention to even notice it 's missing . '' 
 vivenna turned away . 
 she did n't expect him to understand . 
 it was easy to call her beliefs superstition , but she could just as easily turn the words back on denth . 
 people saw what they wanted to see . 
 if he believed he felt the same without breath , that was just an easy way to rationalize the selling of it-and then purchase of another breath from an innocent person . 
 besides , why even bother buying one back if it did n't matter ? 
 the conversation died off until jewels returned . 
 she walked in and , once again , vivenna barely noticed her . 
 i 'm starting to rely on that life sense far too much , she thought with annoyance , standing as jewels nodded to denth . 
 `` he is who he says he is , '' jewels said . 
 `` i asked around , got three confirmations from people i kind of trust . '' 
 `` all right , then , '' denth said , stretching and climbing to his feet . 
 he kicked tonk fah awake . 
 `` let 's carefully head back to the house . '' 
 23 lightsong found blushweaver in the grassy portion of the courtyard behind her palace . 
 she was enjoying the art of one of the city 's master gardeners . 
 lightsong strolled through the grass , his entourage hovering around him , holding up a large parasol to shield him from the sun , and generally seeing that he was suitably pampered . 
 he passed hundreds of planters , pots , and vases filled with various kinds of growing things , all arranged into elaborate formal patterns and rows . 
 temporary flower beds . 
 the gods were too godly to leave the court and visit the city gardens , so the gardens had to be brought to them . 
 such an enormous undertaking required dozens of workers and carts full of plants . 
 nothing was too good for the gods . 
 except , of course , freedom . 
 blushweaver stood admiring one of the patterns of vases . 
 she noticed lightsong as he approached , his moving biochroma successively making the flowers shine more vibrantly in the afternoon sunlight . 
 she was wearing a surprisingly modest dress . 
 it had no sleeves and appeared to be made entirely of a single wrapping of green silk , but it covered up the essential bits and then some . 
 `` lightsong , dear , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` visiting a lady in her home ? 
 how charmingly forward . 
 well , enough of this small talk . 
 let us retire to the bedroom . '' 
 he smiled , holding up a sheet of paper as he approached her . 
 she paused , then accepted it . 
 the front was covered with colored dots-the artisans ' script . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i figured i knew how our conversation would begin , '' he said . 
 `` and so i saved us the trouble of having to go through it . 
 i had it written out beforehand . '' 
 blushweaver raised an eyebrow , then read . '' 
 ` to start , blushweaver says something that is mildly suggestive . ' '' 
 she glanced at him . 
 `` mildly ? 
 i invited you to the bedroom . 
 i 'd call that blatant . '' 
 `` i underestimated you , '' lightsong said . 
 `` please continue . '' '' 
 ` then lightsong says something to deflect her , ' '' blushweaver read . '' 
 ` it is so incredibly charming and clever that she is left stunned by his brilliance and can not speak for several minutes ... ' oh , honestly , lightsong . 
 do i have to read this ? '' 
 `` it 's a masterpiece , '' he said . 
 `` best work i 've ever done . 
 please , the next part is important . '' 
 she sighed . '' 
 ` blushweaver says something about politics which is dreadfully boring but she offsets it by wiggling her chest . 
 after that , lightsong apologizes for being so distant lately . 
 he explains that he had some things to work out . ' '' 
 she paused , eyeing him . 
 `` does this mean that you 're finally ready to be part of my plans ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 to the side , a group of gardeners removed the flowers . 
 they returned in waves , building a pattern of small blossoming trees in large pots around blushweaver and lightsong , a living kaleidoscope with the two returned gods at its center . 
 `` i do n't think that the queen is involved in a plot to take the throne , '' lightsong said . 
 `` although i 've spoken with her only briefly , i am convinced . '' 
 `` then why agree to join with me ? '' 
 he stood quietly for a moment , enjoying the blossoms . 
 `` because , '' he said . 
 `` i intend to see that you do n't crush her . 
 or the rest of us . '' 
 `` my dear lightsong , '' blushweaver said , pursing bright red lips . 
 `` i assure you that i 'm harmless . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 `` now , now , '' she said , `` you should never point out a lady 's departure from strict truth . 
 anyway , i 'm glad you came . 
 we have work to do . '' 
 `` work ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` that sounds like ... work . '' 
 `` of course , dear , '' she said , walking away . 
 gardeners immediately ran forward , pulling aside the small trees to clear a path for them . 
 the master gardener himself stood by directing the evolving composition like the conductor of a botanical orchestra . 
 lightsong hurried and caught up . 
 `` work , '' he said . 
 `` do you know what my philosophy on that word is ? '' 
 `` i have somehow gotten the subtle impression that you do not approve of it , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` oh , i would n't say that . 
 work , my dear blushweaver , is like fertilizer . '' 
 `` it smells ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` no , i was thinking that work is like fertilizer in that i 'm glad it exists ; i just do n't ever want to get stuck in it . '' 
 `` that 's unfortunate , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` because you just agreed to do so . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i thought i smelled something . '' 
 `` do n't be tedious , '' she said , smiling to some workers as they lined her path with vases of flowers . 
 `` this is going to be fun . '' 
 she turned back to him , eyes twinkling . 
 `` mercystar got attacked last night . '' 
 <br/> `` and you think it 's just coincidence ? 
 someone sneaks into one of our palaces now , with the war approaching ? '' 
 `` coincidence . '' 
 `` and the intruder just happened to pick one of the four returned who hold lifeless access commands ? 
 if i were going to go to war with hallandren , the first thing i 'd do would be try to search out those commands . 
 maybe see if they were written down anywhere , or perhaps try to kill the gods who held them . '' 
 lightsong glanced back at the palace . 
 blushweaver 's arguments held some merit , but they were n't enough . 
 he had an odd impulse to look into this more deeply . 
 however , that sounded like work . 
 he really could n't afford to make an exception to his usual habits , particularly without a lot of complaining first . 
 it set a poor precedent . 
 so he just nodded his head , and blushweaver led them back to the pavilion . 
 `` dear , '' blushweaver said , quickly sitting back beside mercystar and looking a little bit more anxious . 
 she leaned in . 
 `` we 've talked it over and decided to trust you . '' 
 mercystar sat up . 
 `` trust me ? 
 with what ? '' 
 `` knowledge , '' blushweaver whispered . 
 `` there are those of us who fear that the idrians are n't content with their mountains and are determined to control the lowlands as well . '' 
 `` but we 'll be joined by blood , '' mercystar said . 
 `` there will be a hallandren god king with royal blood on our throne . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 blushweaver said . 
 `` and could that not also be interpreted as an idrian king with hallandren blood on the throne ? '' 
 mercystar wavered . 
 then , oddly , she glanced at lightsong . 
 `` do you believe this ? '' 
 why did people look toward him ? 
 he did everything to discourage such behavior , but they still tended to act like he was some kind of moral authority . 
 `` i think that some ... preparation would be wise , '' he said . 
 `` though , of course , the same can be said for dinner . '' 
 blushweaver gave him an annoyed look , though by the time she looked back at mercystar , she had her consoling face on again . 
 `` we understand that you 've had a difficult day , '' she said . 
 `` but please , consider our offer . 
 we would like you to join with us in our precautions . '' 
 `` what kind of precautions are you talking about ? '' 
 mercystar asked . 
 `` simple ones , '' blushweaver said quickly . 
 `` thinking , talking , planning . 
 eventually , if we think we have enough evidence , we will bring what we know to the god king . '' 
 this seemed to ease mercystar 's mind . 
 she nodded . 
 `` yes , i can see . 
 preparation . 
 it would be wise . '' 
 `` rest now , dear , '' blushweaver said , rising and leading lightsong away from the pavilion . 
 they walked leisurely across the perfect lawn back toward blushweaver 's own palace . 
 he felt a reluctance to go , however . 
 something about the meeting bothered him . 
 `` she 's a dear , '' blushweaver said , smiling . 
 `` you just say that because she 's so easy to manipulate . '' 
 `` of course , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` i positively love people who do as they should . 
 ` should ' being defined as whatever i think is best . '' 
 `` at least you 're open about it , '' lightsong said . 
 `` to you , my dear , i 'm as easy to read as a book . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` maybe one that has n't been translated to hallandren yet . '' 
 `` you just say that because you 've never really tried reading me , '' she said , smiling at him . 
 `` though , i must say that there is one thing about dear mercystar that positively annoys me . '' 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 `` her armies , '' blushweaver said , folding her arms . 
 `` why did she , goddess of kindness , get command of ten thousand lifeless ? 
 it 's obviously a dire error in judgment . 
 particularly since i do n't have command of any troops . '' 
 `` blushweaver , '' he said with amusement , `` you 're the goddess of honesty , communication , and interpersonal relationships . 
 why in the world would you be given stewardship of armies ? '' 
 `` there are many interpersonal relationships related to armies , '' she said . 
 `` after all , what do you call one man hitting another with a sword ? 
 that 's interpersonal . '' 
 `` quite so , '' lightsong said , glancing back at mercystar 's pavilion . 
 `` now , '' blushweaver said , `` i should think that you 'd appreciate my arguments , since relationships are , in fact , war . 
 as is clear in our relationship , dear lightsong . 
 we ... '' she trailed off , then poked him in the shoulder . 
 `` lightsong ? 
 pay attention to me ! '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she folded her arms petulantly . 
 `` i must say , your banter has been decidedly off today . 
 i may just have to find someone else to play with . '' 
 `` hum , yes , '' he said , studying mercystar 's palace . 
 `` tragic . 
 now , the break-in at mercystar 's . 
 it was just one person ? '' 
 `` supposedly , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` it 's not important . '' 
 `` was anyone injured ? '' 
 `` a couple of servants , '' blushweaver said with a wave of the hand . 
 `` one was found dead , i believe . 
 you should be paying attention to me , not that - '' lightsong froze . 
 `` someone was killed ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` so they say . '' 
 he turned around . 
 `` i 'm going to go back and talk to her some more . '' 
 `` fine , '' blushweaver snapped . 
 `` but you 'll do it without me . 
 i have gardens to enjoy . '' 
 `` all right , '' lightsong said , already turning away . 
 `` i 'll talk to you later . '' 
 blushweaver let out a huff of indignation , her hands on her hips , watching him go . 
 lightsong ignored her irritation , however , more focused on ... what ? 
 so some servants had been hurt . 
 it was n't his place to be involved in criminal disturbances . 
 and yet , he walked straight to mercystar 's pavilion again , his servants and priests trailing behind , as ever . 
 she was still reclining on her couch . 
 `` lightsong ? '' 
 she asked with a frown . 
 `` i returned because i just heard that one of your servants was killed in the attack . '' 
 `` ah , yes , '' she said . 
 `` the poor man . 
 what a terrible occurrence . 
 i 'm sure he 's found his blessings in heaven . '' 
 `` funny , how they 're always in the last place you consider looking , '' lightsong said . 
 `` tell me , how did the murder happen ? '' 
 `` it 's very odd , actually , '' she said . 
 `` the two guards at the door were knocked unconscious . 
 the intruder was discovered by four of my servants who were walking through the service hallway . 
 he fought them , knocked out one , killed another , and two escaped . '' 
 `` how was the man killed ? '' 
 mercystar sighed . 
 `` i really do n't know , '' she said with a wave of the hand . 
 `` my priests can tell you . 
 i fear i was too traumatized to take in the details . '' 
 `` it would be all right if i talked to them ? '' 
 `` if you must , '' mercystar said . 
 `` have i mentioned exactly how thoroughly out of sorts i am ? 
 one would think that you 'd prefer to stay and comfort me . '' 
 `` my dear mercystar , '' he said . 
 `` if you know anything of me , then you will realize that leaving you alone is by far the best comfort i can offer . '' 
 she frowned , looking up . 
 `` it was a joke , my dear , '' he said . 
 `` i am , unfortunately , quite bad at them . 
 scoot , you coming ? '' 
 llarimar , who stood-as always-with the rest of the priests , looked toward him . 
 `` your grace ? '' 
 `` no need to upset the others any further , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i think that you and i alone will be sufficient for this exercise . '' 
 `` as you command , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 once again , lightsong 's servants found themselves separated from their god . 
 they clustered uncertainly on the grass-like a group of children abandoned by their parents . 
 `` what is this about , your grace ? '' 
 llarimar asked quietly as they walked up to the palace . 
 `` i honestly have no idea , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i just feel that there 's something odd going on here . 
 the break-in . 
 the death of that man . 
 something is wrong . '' 
 llarimar looked at him , a strange expression on his face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` it is nothing , your grace , '' llarimar finally said . 
 `` this is just a very uncharacteristic of you . '' 
 `` i know , '' lightsong said , feeling confident about the decision nonetheless . 
 `` i honestly ca n't say what prompted it . 
 curiosity , i guess . '' 
 `` curiosity that outweighs your desire to avoid doing ... well , anything at all ? '' 
 lightsong shrugged . 
 he felt energized as he walked into the palace . 
 his normal lethargy retreated , and instead he felt excitement . 
 it was almost familiar . 
 he found a group of priests chatting inside the servants ' corridor . 
 lightsong walked right up to them , and they turned to regard him with shock . 
 `` ah , good , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i assume you can tell me more of this break-in ? '' 
 `` your grace , '' one said as all three bowed their heads . 
 `` i assure you , we have everything under control . 
 there is no danger to you or your people . '' 
 `` yes , yes , '' lightsong said , looking over the corridor . 
 `` is this where the man was killed , then ? '' 
 they glanced at one another . 
 `` over there , '' one of them said reluctantly , pointing to a turn in the hallway . 
 `` wonderful . 
 accompany me , if you please . '' 
 lightsong walked up to the indicated section . 
 a group of workers were removing the boards from the floor , probably to be replaced . 
 bloodstained wood , no matter how well cleaned , would not do for a goddess 's home . 
 `` hum , '' lightsong said . 
 `` looks messy . 
 how did it happen ? '' 
 `` we are n't sure , your grace , '' said one of the priests . 
 `` the intruder knocked the men at the doorway unconscious , but did not otherwise harm them . '' 
 `` yes , mercystar mentioned that , '' lightsong said . 
 `` but then he fought with four of the servants ? '' 
 `` well , ` fought ' is n't quite the right word , '' the priest said , sighing . 
 though lightsong was n't their god , he was a god . 
 they were bound by oath to answer his questions . 
 `` he immobilized one of them with an awakened rope , '' the priest continued . 
 `` then , while one remained behind to delay the intruder , the other two ran for aid . 
 the intruder quickly knocked the remaining man unconscious . 
 at that time , the one who had been tied up was still alive . '' 
 the priest glanced at his colleagues . 
 `` when help finally came-delayed by a lifeless animal that was causing confusion-they found the second man still unconscious . 
 the first , still tied up , was dead . 
 stabbed through the heart with a dueling blade . '' 
 lightsong nodded , kneeling beside the broken boards . 
 the servants who had been working there bowed their heads and retreated . 
 he was n't certain what he expected to find . 
 the floor had been scrubbed clean , then torn apart . 
 however , there was a strange patch a short distance away . 
 he walked over and knelt , inspecting it more closely . 
 completely devoid of color , he thought . 
 he looked up , focusing on the priests . 
 `` an awakener , you say ? '' 
 `` undoubtedly , your grace . '' 
 he looked back down at the grey patch . 
 there 's no chance an idrian did this , he realized . 
 not if he used awakening . 
 `` what was this lifeless creature you mentioned ? '' 
 `` a lifeless squirrel , your grace , '' one of the men said . 
 `` the intruder used it as a diversion . '' 
 `` well made ? '' 
 he asked . 
 they nodded . 
 `` using modern command words , if its actions were any judge , '' one said . 
 `` it even had ichor-alcohol instead of blood . 
 took us the better part of the night to catch the thing ! '' 
 `` i see , '' lightsong said , standing . 
 `` but the intruder escaped ? '' 
 `` yes , your grace , '' one of them said . 
 `` what do you suppose he was after ? '' 
 the priests wavered . 
 `` we do n't know for sure , your grace , '' one of them said . 
 `` we scared him away before he could reach his goal-one of our men saw him fleeing back out the way he had come . 
 perhaps the resistance was too much for him . '' 
 `` we think that he may have been a common burglar , your grace , '' one said . 
 `` here to sneak into the gallery and steal the art . '' 
 `` sounds likely enough to me , '' lightsong said , standing . 
 `` good work with this , and all that . '' 
 he turned , walking back down the hallway toward the entrance . 
 he felt strangely surreal . 
 the priests were lying to him . 
 he did n't know how he could tell . 
 yet he did-he knew it deep inside , with some instincts he had n't realized he possessed . 
 instead of disturbing him , for some reason the lies excited him . 
 `` your grace , '' llarimar said , hurrying up . 
 `` did you find what you wanted ? '' 
 `` that was no idrian who broke in , '' lightsong said quietly as they walked into the sunlight . 
 llarimar raised an eyebrow . 
 `` there have been cases of idrians coming to hallandren and buying themselves breath , your grace . '' 
 `` and have you ever heard of one using a lifeless ? '' 
 llarimar fell quiet . 
 `` no , your grace , '' he finally admitted . 
 `` idrians hate lifeless . 
 consider them abominations , or some such nonsense . 
 either way , it would n't make sense for an idrian to try and get in like that . 
 what would be the point ? 
 assassinating a single one of the returned ? 
 he or she would only be replaced , and the protocols in place would be certain that even the lifeless armies were n't without someone to direct them for long . 
 the possibility for retaliation would far outweigh the benefit . '' 
 `` so you believe that it was a thief ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' lightsong said . 
 `` a ` common burglar ' with enough money or breath that he can waste a lifeless , just for a diversion ? 
 whoever broke in , he was already rich . 
 besides , why sneak through the servants ' hallway ? 
 there are no valuables there . 
 the interior of the palace holds far more wealth . '' 
 llarimar fell quiet again . 
 he looked over at lightsong , the same curious expression as before on his face . 
 `` that 's some very solid reasoning , your grace . '' 
 `` i know , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i feel positively unlike myself . 
 perhaps i need to go get drunk . '' 
 `` you ca n't get drunk . '' 
 `` ah , but i certainly enjoy trying . '' 
 they walked back toward his palace , picking up his servants on the way . 
 llarimar seemed unsettled . 
 lightsong , however , simply felt excited . 
 murder in the court of gods , he thought . 
 true , it was only a servant-but i 'm supposed to be a god for all people , not just important ones . 
 i wonder how long it 's been since someone was killed in the court ? 
 has n't happened in my lifetime , certainly . 
 mercystar 's priests were hiding something . 
 why had the intruder released a diversion-particularly such an expensive one-if he were simply going to run away ? 
 the servants of the returned were not formidable soldiers or warriors . 
 so why had he given up so easily ? 
 all good questions . 
 good questions that he , of all people , should n't have bothered to wonder about . 
 and yet , he did . 
 all the way back to the palace , through a nice meal , and even into the night . 
 24 siri 's servants clustered around her uncertainly as she walked into the chaotic room . 
 she wore a blue and white gown with a ten-foot train . 
 as she entered , scribes and priests looked up in shock ; some immediately scrambled to their feet , bowing . 
 others just stared as she passed , her serving women doing their best to hold her train with dignity . 
 determined , siri continued through the chamber-which was more like a hallway than a proper room . 
 long tables lined the walls , stacks of paper cluttered those tables , and scribes-pahn kahl men in brown , hallandren men in the day 's colors-worked on the papers . 
 the walls were , of course , black . 
 colored rooms were only found in the center of the palace , where the god king and siri spent most of their time . 
 separately , of course . 
 though , things are a little different at night , she thought , smiling . 
 it felt very conspiratorial of her to be teaching him letters . 
 she had a secret that she was keeping from the rest of the kingdom , a secret that involved one of the most powerful men in the entire world . 
 that gave her a thrill . 
 she supposed she should have been more worried . 
 indeed , in her more thoughtful moments , the reality behind bluefingers 's warnings did worry her . 
 that 's why she had come to the scribes ' quarters . 
 i wonder why the bedchamber is out here , she thought . 
 outside the main body of the palace , in the black part . 
 either way , the servants ' section of the palace-god king 's bedchamber excluded-was the last place the scribes expected to be disturbed by their queen . 
 siri noticed that some of her serving women looked apologetically at the men in the room as siri arrived at the doors on the far side . 
 a servant opened the door for her , and she entered the room beyond . 
 a relaxed group of priests stood leafing through books in the medium sized chamber . 
 they looked over at her . 
 one dropped his book to the floor in shock . 
 `` i , '' siri proclaimed , `` want some books ! '' 
 the priests stared at her . 
 `` books ? '' 
 one finally asked . 
 `` yes , '' siri said , hands on hips . 
 `` this is the palace library , is it not ? '' 
 `` well , yes , vessel , '' the priest said , glancing at his companions . 
 all wore the robes of their office , and this day 's colors were violet and silver . 
 `` well , then , '' siri said . 
 `` i 'd like to borrow some of the books . 
 i am tired of common entertainment and shall be reading to myself in my spare time . '' 
 `` surely you do n't want these books , vessel , '' another priest said . 
 `` they are about boring topics like religion or city finances . 
 surely a book of stories would be more appropriate . '' 
 siri raised an eyebrow . 
 `` and where might i find such a ` more appropriate ' volume ? '' 
 `` we could have a reader bring the book from the city collection , '' the priest said , stepping forward smoothly . 
 `` he 'd be here shortly . '' 
 siri hesitated . 
 `` no . 
 i do not like that option . 
 i shall take some of these books here . '' 
 `` no , you shall not , '' a new voice said from behind . 
 siri turned . 
 treledees , high priest of the god king , stood behind her , fingers laced , miter on his head , frown on his face . 
 `` you can not refuse me , '' siri said . 
 `` i am your queen . '' 
 `` i can and will refuse you , vessel , '' treledees said . 
 `` you see , these books are quite valuable , and should something happen to them , the kingdom would suffer grave consequences . 
 even our priests are not allowed to bear them out of the room . '' 
 `` what could happen to them in the palace , of all places ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` it is the principle , vessel . 
 these are the property of a god . 
 susebron has made it clear that he wishes the books to stay here . '' 
 oh he has , has he ? 
 for treledees and the priests , having a tongueless god was very convenient . 
 the priests could claim that he 'd told them whatever served the purposes of the moment , and he could never correct them . 
 `` if you absolutely must read these volumes , '' treledees said , `` you can stay here to do it . '' 
 she glanced at the room and thought of the stuffy priests standing in a flock around her , listening to her sound out words , making a fool of herself . 
 if anything in these volumes was sensitive , they 'd probably find a way to distract her and keep her from finding it . 
 `` no , '' siri said , retreating from the crowded room . 
 `` perhaps another time . '' 
 <br/> he frowned at her , then furiously erased his board and began writing again . 
 this thing makes no sense . 
 why not say what you mean ? 
 `` because , '' siri said . 
 `` it 's just like ... oh , i do n't know . 
 it 's a way to be clever when you make fun of people . '' 
 make fun of people ? 
 he wrote . 
 god of colors ! 
 siri thought , trying to think of how to explain . 
 it seemed ridiculous to her that he would know nothing of mockery . 
 and yet , he had lived his entire life as a revered deity and monarch . 
 `` mockery is when you say things to tease , '' siri said . 
 `` things that might be hurtful to someone if said in anger , but you say them in an affectionate or in a playful way . 
 sometimes you do just say them to be mean . 
 sarcasm is one of the ways we mock-we say the opposite , but in an exaggerated way . '' 
 how do you know if the person is affekshonate , playful , or mean ? 
 `` i do n't know , '' siri said . 
 `` it 's the way they say it , i guess . '' 
 the god king sat , looking confused but thoughtful . 
 you are very normal , he finally wrote . 
 siri frowned . 
 `` um . 
 thank you ? '' 
 was that good sarcasm ? 
 he wrote . 
 because in reality , you are quite strange . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i try my best . '' 
 he looked up . 
 `` that was sarcasm again , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't ` try ' to be strange . 
 it just happens . '' 
 he looked at her . 
 how had she ever been frightened of this man ? 
 how had she misunderstood ? 
 the look in his eyes , it was n't arrogance or emotionlessness . 
 it was the look of a man who was trying very hard to understand the world around him . 
 it was innocence . 
 earnestness . 
 however , he was not simple . 
 the speed at which he 'd learned to write proved that . 
 true , he 'd already understood the spoken version of the language-and he 'd memorized all of the letters in the book years before meeting her . 
 she 'd only needed to explain the rules of spelling and sound for him to make the final jump . 
 she still found it amazing how quickly he picked things up . 
 she smiled at him , and he hesitantly smiled back . 
 `` why do you say that i 'm strange ? '' 
 she asked . 
 you do not do things like other people , he wrote . 
 everyone else bows before me all of the time . 
 nobody talks to me . 
 even the prests , they only okashonally give me instrukshons-and they have n't done that in years . 
 `` does it offend you that i do n't bow , and that i talk to you like a friend ? '' 
 he erased his board . 
 offend me ? 
 why would it offend me ? 
 do you do it in sarcasm ? 
 `` no , '' she said quickly . 
 `` i really like talking to you . '' 
 then i do not understand . 
 `` everyone else is afraid of you , '' siri said . 
 `` because of how powerful you are . '' 
 but they took away my tongue to make me safe . 
 `` it 's not your breath that scares them , '' siri said . 
 `` it 's your power over armies and people . 
 you 're the god king . 
 you could order anyone in the kingdom killed . '' 
 but why would i do that ? 
 he wrote . 
 i would not kill a good person . 
 they must know that . 
 siri sat back , resting on the plush bed , the fire crackling in the hearth behind them . 
 `` i know that , now , '' she said . 
 `` but nobody else does . 
 they do n't know you , they know only how powerful you are . 
 so they fear you . 
 and so they show their respect for you . '' 
 he paused . 
 and so , you do not respect me ? 
 `` of course i do , '' she said , sighing . 
 `` i 've just never been very good at following rules . 
 in fact , if someone tells me what to do , i usually want to do the opposite . '' 
 that is very strange , he wrote . 
 i thought all people did what they were told . 
 `` i think you 'll find that most do not , '' she said , smiling . 
 that will get you into trouble . 
 `` is that what the priests taught you ? '' 
 he shook his head ; then he reached over and took out his book . 
 the book of stories for children . 
 he brought it with him always , and she could see from his reverent touch that he valued it greatly . 
 it 's probably his only real possession , she thought . 
 everything else is taken from him every day , then replaced the next morning . 
 this book , he wrote . 
 my mother read the stories to me when i was a child . 
 i memorized them all , before she was taken away . 
 it speaks of many children who do not do as they are told . 
 they are often eaten by monsters . 
 `` oh are they ? '' 
 siri said , smiling . 
 do not be afraid , he wrote . 
 my mother taught me that the monsters are not real . 
 but i remember the lessons the stories taught . 
 obediance is good . 
 you shud treat people well . 
 do not go into the jungle by yourself . 
 do not lie . 
 do not hurt others . 
 siri 's smile deepened . 
 everything he 'd learned in his life , he 'd either gotten from moralistic folktales or from priests who were teaching him to be a figurehead . 
 once she realized that , the simple , honest man that he had become was not so difficult to understand . 
 yet what had prompted him to defy that learning and ask her to teach him ? 
 why was he willing to keep his learning secret from the men he had been taught all his life to obey and trust ? 
 he was not quite so innocent as he appeared . 
 `` these stories , '' she said . 
 `` your desire to treat people well . 
 is that what kept you from ... taking me on any of those nights when i first came into the room ? '' 
 from taking you ? 
 i do not understand . 
 siri blushed , hair turning red to match . 
 `` i mean , why did you just sit there ? '' 
 because i did not know what else to do , he said . 
 i knew that we need to have a child . 
 so i sat and waited for it to happen . 
 we must be doing something wrong , for no child has come . 
 siri paused , then blinked . 
 he could n't possibly ... `` you do n't know how to have children ? '' 
 in the stories , he wrote , a man and a woman spend the night together . 
 then they have a child . 
 we spent many nights together , and there were no children . 
 `` and nobody-none of your priests-explained the process to you ? '' 
 no . 
 what process do you mean ? 
 she sat for a moment . 
 no , she thought , feeling her blush deepen . 
 i am not going to have that conversation with him . 
 `` i think we 'll talk about it another time . '' 
 it was a very strange experiance when you came into the room that first night , he wrote . 
 i must admit , i was very scared of you . 
 siri smiled as she remembered her own terror . 
 it had n't even occurred to her that he would be frightened . 
 why would it have ? 
 he was the god king . 
 `` so , '' she said , tapping the bedspread with one finger , `` you were never taken to other women ? '' 
 no , he wrote . 
 i did find it very interesting to see you nak * d . 
 she flushed again , though her hair had apparently decided to just stay red . 
 `` that 's not what we 're talking about right now , '' she said . 
 `` i want to know about other women . 
 no mistresses ? 
 no concubines ? '' 
 no . 
 `` they really are scared of you having a child . '' 
 why say that ? 
 he wrote . 
 they sent you to me . 
 `` only after fifty years of rule , '' she said . 
 `` and only under very controlled circumstances , with the proper lineage to produce a child with the right bloodline . 
 bluefingers thinks that child might be a danger to us . '' 
 i do not understand why , he wrote . 
 this is what everyone wants . 
 there must be an heir . 
 `` why ? '' 
 siri said . 
 `` you still look like you 're barely two decades old . 
 your aging is slowed by your biochroma . '' 
 without an heir , the kingdom is in danger . 
 should i be killed , there will be nobody to rule . 
 `` and that was n't a danger for the last fifty years ? '' 
 he paused , frowning , then slowly erased his board . 
 `` they must think that you 're in danger now , '' she said slowly . 
 `` but not from sickness-even i know that returned do n't suffer from diseases . 
 in fact , do they even age at all ? '' 
 i do n't think so , the god king wrote . 
 `` how did the previous god kings die ? '' 
 there have been only four , he wrote . 
 i do not know how they died for certain . 
 `` only four kings in several hundred years , all dead of mysterious circumstances ... . '' 
 my father died before i was old enough to remember him , susebron wrote . 
 i was told he gave his life for the kingdom-that he released his biochromatic breath , as all returned can , to cure a terrible disease . 
 the other returned can only cure one person . 
 a god king , however , can cure many . 
 that is what i was told . 
 `` there must be a record of that then , '' she said . 
 `` somewhere in those books the priests have guarded so tightly . '' 
 i am sorry that they would not let you read them , he wrote . 
 she waved an indifferent hand . 
 `` there was n't much chance of it working . 
 i 'll need to find another way to get at those histories . '' 
 having a child is the danger , she thought . 
 that 's what bluefingers said . 
 so whatever threat there is to my life , it will only come after there is an heir . 
 bluefingers mentioned a threat to the god king too . 
 that almost makes it sound like the danger comes from the priests themselves . 
 why would they want to harm their own god ? 
 she glanced at susebron , who was flipping intently through his book of stories . 
 she smiled at the look of concentration on his face as he deciphered the text . 
 well , she thought , considering what he knows of sex , i 'd say that we do n't have to worry much about having a child in the near future . 
 of course , she was also worried that the lack of a child would prove just as dangerous as the presence of one . 
 25 vivenna went among the people of t'telir and could n't help feeling that every one of them recognized her . 
 she fought the feeling down . 
 it was actually a miracle that thame-who came from her own home city-had been able to pick her out . 
 the people around her would have no way of connecting vivenna to the rumors they might have heard , especially considering her clothing . 
 immodest reds and yellows layered one atop the other on her dress . 
 the garment had been the only one that parlin and tonk fah had been able to find that met her stringent requirements for modesty . 
 the tubelike dress was made after a foreign cut , from tedradel , across the inner sea . 
 it came down almost to her ankles , and though its snugness emphasized her bust , at least the garment covered her almost up to the neck , and had full-length sleeves . 
 rebelliously , she did find herself stealing glances at the other women in their loose , short skirts and sleeveless tops . 
 that much exposed skin was scandalous , but with the blazing sun and the cursed coastal humidity , she could see why they did it . 
 after a month in the city , she was also beginning to get the hang of moving with the flow of traffic . 
 she still was n't sure she wanted to be out , but denth had been persuasive . 
 you know the worst thing that can happen to a bodyguard ? 
 he had asked . 
 letting your charge get killed when you are n't even there . 
 we have a small team , princess . 
 we can either divide and leave you behind with one guard or you can come with us . 
 personally , i 'd like to have you along where i can keep an eye on you . 
 and so she 'd come . 
 dressed in one of her new gowns , her hair turned an uncomfortable-yet un-idrian-yellow and left loose , blowing behind her . 
 she walked around the garden square , as if out on a stroll , moving so that she would n't look nervous . 
 the people of t'telir liked gardens-they had all kinds all over the city . 
 in fact , from what vivenna had seen , most of the city practically was a garden . 
 palms and ferns grew on every street , and exotic flowers bloomed everywhere year-round . 
 four streets crossed in the square , with four plots of cultivated ground forming a checkerboard pattern . 
 each sprouted a dozen different palms . 
 the buildings surrounding the gardens were more rich than the ones in the market up the way . 
 and while there was plenty of foot traffic , people made certain to stick to the slate sidewalks , for carriages were common . 
 this was a wealthy shopping district . 
 no tents . 
 fewer performers . 
 higher quality-and more expensive-shops . 
 vivenna strolled along the perimeter of the northwestern garden block . 
 there were ferns and grass to her right . 
 shops of a quaint , rich , and-of course-colorful variety lay across the street to her left . 
 tonk fah and parlin lounged between two of these . 
 parlin had the monkey on his shoulder , and had taken to wearing a colorful red vest with his green hat . 
 she could n't help thinking that the woodsman was even more out of place in t'telir than she was , but he did n't seem to attract any attention . 
 vivenna kept walking . 
 jewels trailed her somewhere in the crowd . 
 the woman was good-vivenna only rarely caught a glimpse of her , and that was because she 'd been told where to look . 
 she never saw denth . 
 he was there somewhere , far too stealthy for her to spot . 
 as she reached the end of the street and turned around to walk back , she did catch sight of clod . 
 the lifeless stood as still as one of the d'denir statues that lined the gardens , impassively watching the crowds pass . 
 most of the people ignored him . 
 denth was right . 
 lifeless were n't plentiful , but they also were n't uncommon . 
 several walked through the market carrying packages for their owners . 
 none of these were as muscular or as tall as clod-lifeless came in as many shapes and sizes as people . 
 they were put to work guarding shops . 
 acting as packmen . 
 sweeping the walkway . 
 all around her . 
 she continued to walk , and she caught a brief glimpse of jewels in the crowd as she passed . 
 how does she manage to look so relaxed ? 
 vivenna thought . 
 each of the mercenaries looked as calm as if they were at a leisurely picnic . 
 do n't think about the danger , vivenna thought , clinching her fists . 
 she focused on the gardens . 
 the truth was , she was a little jealous of the t'telirites . 
 people lounged , sitting on the grass , lying in the shade of trees , their children playing and laughing . 
 d'denir statues stood in a solemn line , arms upraised , weapons at the ready , as if in defense of the people . 
 trees climbed high into the sky , spreading branches that grew strange flowerlike bundles . 
 wide-petaled flowers bloomed in planters ; some of them were actually tears of edgli . 
 austre had placed the flowers where he wanted them . 
 to cut and bring them back , to use them to adorn a room or house , was ostentation . 
 yet was it ostentatious to plant them in the middle of the city , where all were free to enjoy them ? 
 she turned away . 
 her biochroma continued to sense the beauty . 
 the density of life in one area made a sort of buzz inside her chest . 
 no wonder they like to live so close together , she thought , noticing how a group of flowers scaled in color , fanning toward the inside of their planter . 
 and if you 're going to live this compactly , the only way to see nature would be to bring it in . 
 `` help ! 
 fire ! '' 
 vivenna spun , as did most of the other people on the street . 
 the building tonk fah and parlin had been standing next to was burning . 
 vivenna did n't continue to gawk , but turned and looked toward the center of the gardens . 
 most of the people in the garden itself were stunned , looking toward the smoke billowing into the air . 
 distraction one . 
 people ran to help , crossing the street , causing carriages to pull up abruptly . 
 at that moment , clod stepped forward-surging with the crowd-and swung a club at the leg of a horse . 
 vivenna could n't hear the leg break , but she did see the beast scream and fall , upsetting the carriage it had been pulling . 
 a trunk fell from the top of the vehicle , plunging to the street . 
 the carriage belonged to one nanrovah , high priest of the god stillmark . 
 denth 's intelligence said the carriage would be carrying valuables . 
 even if it were n't , a high priest in danger would draw a lot of attention . 
 the trunk hit the street . 
 and , in a twist of good fortune , it shattered , spraying out gold coins . 
 distraction two . 
 vivenna caught a glimpse of jewels standing on the other side of the carriage . 
 she looked at vivenna and nodded . 
 time to go . 
 as people ran toward either gold or fire , vivenna walked away . 
 nearby , denth would be raiding one of the shops with a gang of thieves . 
 the thieves got to keep the goods . 
 vivenna just wanted to make certain those goods disappeared . 
 vivenna was joined by jewels and parlin on the way out . 
 she was surprised to feel how quickly her heart was thumping . 
 almost nothing had happened . 
 no real danger . 
 no threat to herself . 
 just a couple of `` accidents . '' 
 but , then , that was the idea . 
 <br/> `` i know , '' she said , looking out over the city and its specks of light . 
 `` i felt you enter the building a little while ago . '' 
 he chuckled , joining her . 
 `` i forget that you have so much breath , princess . 
 you never use it . '' 
 except to feel when people are nearby , she thought . 
 but i ca n't help that , can i ? 
 `` i recognize that look of frustration , '' denth noted . 
 `` still worried that the plan is n't working fast enough ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` other things entirely , denth . '' 
 `` probably should n't have left you alone so long with jewels . 
 i hope she did n't take too many bites out of you . '' 
 vivenna did n't respond . 
 finally , she sighed , then turned toward him . 
 `` how did the job go ? '' 
 `` perfectly , '' denth said . 
 `` by the time we hit the shop , nobody was looking . 
 considering the guards they put there every night , they must be feeling pretty stupid to have been robbed in broad daylight . '' 
 `` i still do n't understand what good it will do , '' she said . 
 `` a spice merchant 's shop ? '' 
 `` not his shop , '' denth said . 
 `` his stores . 
 we ruined or carted off every barrel of salt in that cellar . 
 he 's one of only three men who store salt in any great amount ; most of the other spice merchants buy from him . '' 
 `` yes , but salt , '' vivenna said . 
 `` what 's the point ? '' 
 `` how hot was it today ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 vivenna shrugged . 
 `` too hot . '' 
 `` what happens to meat when it 's hot ? '' 
 `` it rots , '' vivenna said . 
 `` but they do n't have to use salt to preserve meat . 
 they can use ... '' `` ice ? '' 
 denth asked , chuckling . 
 `` no , not down here , princess . 
 you want to preserve meat , you salt it . 
 and if you want an army to carry fish with them from the inner sea to attack a place as far away as idris ... '' vivenna smiled . 
 `` the thieves we worked with will ship the salt away , '' denth said . 
 `` smuggle it to the distant kingdoms where it can be sold openly . 
 by the time this war comes , the crown will have some real trouble keeping its men supplied with meat . 
 just another small strike , but those should add up . '' 
 `` thank you , '' vivenna said . 
 `` do n't thank us , '' denth said . 
 `` just pay us . '' 
 vivenna nodded . 
 they fell silent for a time , looking out over the city . 
 `` does jewels really believe in the iridescent tones ? '' 
 vivenna finally asked . 
 `` as passionately as tonk fah likes to nap , '' denth said . 
 he eyed her . 
 `` you did n't challenge her , did you ? '' 
 `` kind of . '' 
 denth whistled . 
 `` and you 're still standing ? 
 i 'll have to thank her for her restraint . '' 
 `` how can she believe ? '' 
 vivenna said . 
 denth shrugged . 
 `` seems like a good enough religion to me . 
 i mean , you can go and see her gods . 
 talk to them , watch them shine . 
 it is n't all that tough to understand . '' 
 `` but she 's working for an idrian , '' vivenna said . 
 `` working to undermine her own gods ' ability to wage war . 
 that was a priest 's carriage we knocked over today . '' 
 `` and a fairly important one , actually , '' denth said with a chuckle . 
 `` ah , princess . 
 it 's a little difficult to understand . 
 mind-set of a mercenary . 
 we 're paid to do things-but we 're not the ones doing them . 
 it 's you who do these things . 
 we 're just your tools . '' 
 `` tools that work against the hallandren gods . '' 
 `` that is n't a reason to stop believing , '' denth said . 
 `` we get pretty good at separating ourselves from the things we have to do . 
 maybe that 's what makes people hate us so much . 
 they ca n't see that if we kill a friend on a battlefield , it does n't mean that we 're callous or untrustworthy . 
 we do what we 're paid to do . 
 just like anyone else . '' 
 `` it 's different , '' vivenna said . 
 denth shrugged . 
 `` do you think the refiner ever considers that the iron he purifies could end up in a sword that kills a friend of his ? '' 
 vivenna stared out over the lights of the city and all of the people they represented , with all their different beliefs , different ways of thinking , different contradictions . 
 perhaps she was n't the only one who struggled to believe two seemingly opposing things at the same time . 
 `` what about you , denth ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` are you hallandren ? '' 
 `` gods , no , '' he said . 
 `` then what do you believe ? '' 
 `` have n't believed much , '' he said . 
 `` not in a long time . '' 
 `` what about your family ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` what did they believe ? '' 
 `` family 's all dead . 
 they believed faiths that most everybody has forgotten by now . 
 i never joined them . '' 
 vivenna frowned . 
 `` you have to believe in something . 
 if not a religion , then somebody . 
 a way of living . '' 
 `` i did once . '' 
 `` do you always have to answer so vaguely ? '' 
 he glanced at her . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` except , perhaps , for that question . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 he leaned against the banister . 
 `` the things i believed , '' he said , `` i do n't know that they 'd make sense , or that you 'd even hear me out if i told you about them . '' 
 `` you claim to seek money , '' she said . 
 `` but you do n't . 
 i 've seen lemex 's ledgers . 
 he was n't paying you that much . 
 not as much as i 'd assumed by far . 
 and , if you 'd wanted , you could have hit that priest 's carriage and taken the money . 
 you could have stolen it twice as easily as you did the salt . '' 
 he did n't respond . 
 `` you do n't serve any kingdom or king that i can figure out , '' she continued . 
 `` you 're a better swordsman than any simple bodyguard-i suspect better than almost anyone , if you can impress a crime boss with your skill so easily . 
 you could have fame , students , and prizes if you decided to become a sport duelist . 
 you claim to obey your employer , but you give the orders more often than take them-and besides , since you do n't care about money , that whole employee thing is probably just a front . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` in fact , '' she said , `` the only thing i 've ever seen you express even a spark of emotion about is that man , vasher . 
 the one with the sword . '' 
 even as she said the name , denth grew more tense . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he turned toward her , eyes hard , showing her-once again-that the jovial man he showed the world was a mask . 
 a charade . 
 a softness to cover the stone within . 
 `` i 'm a mercenary , '' he said . 
 `` all right , '' she said , `` then who were you ? '' 
 `` you do n't want to know the answer to that , '' he said . 
 and then he left , stomping away through the door and leaving her alone on the dark wooden balcony . 
 26 lightsong awoke and immediately climbed from bed . 
 he stood up , stretched , and smiled . 
 `` beautiful day , '' he said . 
 his servants stood at the edges of the room , watching uncertainly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 lightsong asked , holding out his arms . 
 `` come on , let 's get dressed . '' 
 they rushed forward . 
 llarimar entered shortly after . 
 lightsong often wondered how early he got up , since each morning when lightsong rose , llarimar was always there . 
 llarimar watched him with a raised eyebrow . 
 `` you 're chipper this morning , your grace . '' 
 lightsong shrugged . 
 `` it just felt like it was time to get up . '' 
 `` a full hour earlier than usual . '' 
 lightsong cocked his head as the servants tied off his robes . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yes , your grace . '' 
 `` fancy that , '' lightsong said , nodding to his servants as they stepped back , leaving him dressed . 
 `` shall we go over your dreams , then ? '' 
 llarimar asked . 
 lightsong paused , an image flashing in his head . 
 rain . 
 tempest . 
 storms . 
 and a brilliant red panther . 
 `` nope , '' lightsong said , walking toward the doorway . 
 `` your grace ... '' `` we 'll talk about the dreams another time , scoot , '' lightsong said . 
 `` we have more important work . '' 
 `` more important work ? '' 
 lightsong smiled , reaching the doorway and turning back . 
 `` i want to go back to mercystar 's palace . '' 
 `` what ever for ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' lightsong said happily . 
 llarimar sighed . 
 `` very well , your grace . 
 but can we at least look over some art , first ? 
 there are people who paid good money to get your opinion , and some are waiting quite eagerly to hear what you think of their pieces . '' 
 `` all right , '' lightsong said . 
 `` but let 's be quick about it . '' 
 <br/> i should n't have spoken , he thought . 
 and yet , reacting to the art seemed like the only truly important thing he did . 
 he stared at the sharp smears of paint , each figure a just a couple of triangular strokes . 
 it was beautiful . 
 could war be beautiful ? 
 how could he find beauty in those grey faces confronting flesh , the lifeless killing men ? 
 this battle had n't even meant anything . 
 it had n't decided the outcome of the war , even though the leader of the pahn unity-the kingdoms united against hallandren-had been killed in the battle . 
 diplomacy had finally ended the manywar , not bloodshed . 
 are we thinking of starting this up again ? 
 lightsong thought , still transfixed by the beauty . 
 is what i do going to lead to war ? 
 no , he thought to himself . 
 no , i 'm just being careful . 
 helping blushweaver secure a political faction . 
 better that than letting things just pass me by . 
 the manywar started because the royal family was n't careful . 
 the painting continued to call to him . 
 `` what 's that sword ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` sword ? '' 
 `` the black one , '' lightsong said . 
 `` in the woman 's hand . '' 
 `` i ... i do n't see a sword , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` to tell you the truth , i do n't see a woman , either . 
 it 's all just wild strokes of paint , to me . '' 
 `` you called it the battle of twilight falls . '' 
 `` the title of the piece , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` i assumed that you were as confused by it as i was , so i told you what the artist had named it . '' 
 the two fell silent . 
 finally , lightsong turned , walking away from the painting . 
 `` i 'm done reviewing art for the day . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` do n't burn that painting . 
 keep it for my collection . '' 
 llarimar acknowledge the command with a nod . 
 as lightsong made his way out of the palace , he tried to regain some of his eagerness , and he succeeded-though memory of the terrible , beautiful scene stayed with him . 
 mixing with his memories of last night 's dream , with its clashing tempest of winds . 
 not even that could dampen his mood . 
 something was different . 
 something excited him . 
 there had been a murder in the court of gods . 
 he did n't know why he should find that so intriguing . 
 if anything , he should find it tragic or upsetting . 
 and yet for as long as he had lived , everything had been provided for him . 
 answers to his questions , entertainment to sate his whims . 
 almost by accident , he had become a glutton . 
 only two things had been withheld from him : knowledge of his past and freedom to leave the court . 
 neither of those restrictions was going to change soon . 
 but here , inside the court-the place of too much safety and comfort-something had gone wrong . 
 a little thing . 
 a thing most returned would ignore . 
 nobody cared . 
 nobody wanted to care . 
 who , therefore , would object to lightsong 's questions ? 
 `` you 're acting very oddly , your grace , '' llarimar said , catching up to him as they crossed the grass , servants following behind in a chaotic cluster as they worked to get a large red parasol open . 
 `` i know , '' lightsong said . 
 `` however , i believe we can agree that i have always been rather odd , for a god . '' 
 `` i must admit that is true . '' 
 `` then i 'm actually being very like myself , '' lightsong said . 
 `` and all is right in the universe . '' 
 `` are we really going back to mercystar 's palace ? '' 
 `` indeed we are . 
 do you suppose she 'll be annoyed at us ? 
 that might prove interesting . '' 
 llarimar just sighed . 
 `` are you ready to talk about your dreams yet ? '' 
 lightsong did not immediately reply . 
 the servants finally got the parasol up and held it over him . 
 `` i dreamed of a storm , '' lightsong finally said . 
 `` i was standing in it , without anything to brace myself . 
 it was raining and blowing against me , forcing me backward . 
 in fact , it was so strong that even the ground beneath me seemed to undulate . '' 
 llarimar looked disturbed . 
 more signs of war , lightsong thought . 
 or , at least , that 's how he 'll see it . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` yes , '' lightsong said . 
 `` a red panther . 
 it seemed to shine , reflective , like it was made of glass or something like that . 
 it was waiting in the storm . '' 
 llarimar eyed him . 
 `` are you making things up , your grace ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no ! 
 that 's really what i dreamed . '' 
 llarimar sighed , but nodded to a lesser priest , who rushed up to take his dictation . 
 it was n't long before they reached mercystar 's palace of yellow and gold . 
 lightsong paused before the building , realizing that he 'd never before visited another god 's palace without first sending a messenger . 
 `` do you want me to send in someone to announce you , your grace ? '' 
 llarimar asked . 
 lightsong hesitated . 
 `` no , '' he finally said , noticing a pair of guards standing at the main doorway . 
 the two men looked far more muscular than the average servant and they wore swords . 
 dueling blades , lightsong assumed-though he 'd never actually seen one . 
 he walked up to the men . 
 `` is your mistress here ? '' 
 `` i am afraid not , your grace , '' one of them said . 
 `` she went to visit allmother for the afternoon . '' 
 allmother , lightsong thought . 
 another with lifeless commands . 
 blushweaver 's doing ? 
 perhaps he would drop by later-he missed chatting with allmother . 
 she , unfortunately , hated him violently . 
 `` ah , '' lightsong said to the guard . 
 `` well , regardless , i need to inspect the corridor just inside here , where the attack happened the other night . '' 
 the guards glanced at each other . 
 `` i ... do n't know if we can let you do that , your grace . '' 
 `` scoot ! '' 
 lightsong said . 
 `` can they forbid me ? '' 
 `` only if they have a direct command to do so from mercystar . '' 
 lightsong looked back at the men . 
 reluctantly , they stepped aside . 
 `` it 's perfectly all right , '' he told them . 
 `` she asked me to take care of things . 
 kind of . 
 coming , scoot ? '' 
 llarimar followed him into the corridors . 
 once again , lightsong felt an odd satisfaction . 
 instincts he had n't know he had drove him to seek out the place where the servant had died . 
 the wood had been replaced-his heightened eyes could easily tell the difference between the new wood and the old . 
 he walked a little farther . 
 the patch where the wood had turned grey was gone as well , seamlessly replaced with new material . 
 interesting , he thought . 
 but not unexpected . 
 i wonder ... are there any other patches ? 
 he walked a little further and was rewarded by another patch of new wood . 
 it formed an exact square . 
 `` your grace ? '' 
 a new voice asked . 
 lightsong looked up to see the curt young priest he had spoken with the day before . 
 lightsong smiled . 
 `` ah , good . 
 i was hoping that you would come . '' 
 `` this is most irregular , your grace , '' the man said . 
 `` i hear that eating a lot of figs can cure you of that , '' lightsong said . 
 `` now , i need to speak with the guards who saw the intruder the other night . '' 
 `` but why , your grace ? '' 
 the priest said . 
 `` because i 'm eccentric , '' lightsong said . 
 `` send for them . 
 i need to speak to all of the servants or guards who saw the man who committed the murder . '' 
 `` your grace , '' the priest said uncomfortably . 
 `` the city authorities have already dealt with this . 
 they have determined that the intruder was a thief after mercystar 's art , and they have committed to - '' `` scoot , '' lightsong said , turning . 
 `` can this man ignore my demand ? '' 
 `` only at great peril to his soul , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 the priest eyed them both angrily , then turned and sent a servant to do as lightsong asked . 
 lightsong knelt down , causing several servants to whisper in alarm . 
 they obviously thought it improper for a god to stoop . 
 lightsong ignored them , looking at the square of new wood . 
 it was larger than the other two that had been ripped up , and the colors matched far better . 
 it was just a square patch of wood that was just a slightly different color than its neighbors . 
 without breath-and a lot of it-he would n't even have noticed the distinction . 
 a trapdoor , he thought with sudden shock . 
 the priest was watching him closely . 
 this patch is n't as new as the other ones back there . 
 it 's only new in relation to the other boards . 
 lightsong crawled along the floor , deliberately ignoring the door in the floor . 
 once again , unexpected instincts warned him not to reveal what he 'd discovered . 
 why was he so wary all of a sudden ? 
 was it the influence of his violent dreams and imagery from the painting earlier ? 
 or was it something more ? 
 he felt as if he were dredging deep within himself , pulling forth an awareness he had never before needed . 
 either way , he moved on from the patch , pretending that he had n't noticed the trapdoor , and was instead searching for threads that might have been caught on the wood . 
 he picked up one that had obviously come from a servant 's robe and held it up . 
 the priest seemed to relax slightly . 
 so he knows about the trapdoor , lightsong thought . 
 and ... perhaps the intruder did as well ? 
 lightsong crawled some more , discomforting the servants until the men he had requested were assembled . 
 he stood-letting a couple of his servants dust off his robes-then walked over to the newcomers . 
 the hallway was growing quite crowded , so he shooed them back out into the sunlight . 
 outside , he regarded the group of six men . 
 `` identify yourselves . 
 you on the left , who are you ? '' 
 `` my name is gagaril , '' the man said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' lightsong said . 
 the man flushed . 
 `` i was named after my father , your grace . '' 
 `` after he what ? 
 spent an unusual amount of time at the local tavern ? 
 anyway , how are you involved in this mess ? '' 
 `` i was one of the guards at the door when the intruder broke in . '' 
 `` were you alone ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` no , '' said another of the men . 
 `` i was with him . '' 
 `` good , '' lightsong said . 
 `` you two , go over there somewhere . '' 
 he waved his hand at the lawn . 
 the men looked at each other , then walked away as indicated . 
 `` far enough that you ca n't hear us ! '' 
 lightsong called at them . 
 the men nodded and continued . 
 `` all right , '' lightsong said , looking back at the others . 
 `` who are you four ? '' 
 `` we were attacked by the man in the hallway , '' one of the servants said . 
 he pointed at two of the others . 
 `` all three of us . 
 and ... one other . 
 the man who was killed . '' 
 `` terribly unfortunate , that , '' lightsong said , pointing at another section of the lawn . 
 `` off you go . 
 walk until you ca n't hear me anymore , then wait . '' 
 the three men trudged off . 
 `` and now you , '' lightsong said , hands on hips , regarding the last man-a shorter priest . 
 `` i saw the intruder flee , your grace , '' the priest said . 
 `` i was watching out a window . '' 
 `` very timely of you , '' lightsong said , pointing at a third spot on the lawn , far enough from the others to be sequestered . 
 the man walked away . 
 lightsong turned back to the priest who was obviously in charge . 
 `` you said that the intruder released a lifeless animal ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` a squirrel , your grace , '' the priest said . 
 `` we captured it . '' 
 `` go and fetch it for me . '' 
 `` your grace , it 's quite wild and - '' he stopped , recognizing the look in lightsong 's eyes , then waved for a servant . 
 `` no , '' lightsong said . 
 `` not a servant . 
 you go and get it personally . '' 
 the priest looked incredulous . 
 `` yes , yes , '' lightsong said , waving him away . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's an offense to your dignity . 
 perhaps you should think about converting to austrism . 
 for now , get going . '' 
 the priest left , grumbling . 
 `` the rest of you , '' lightsong said , addressing his own servants and priests . 
 `` you wait here . '' 
 they looked resigned . 
 perhaps they were growing accustomed to him dismissing them . 
 `` come on , scoot , '' lightsong said , walking toward the first group he had sent off onto the lawn-the two guards . 
 llarimar scurried forward to keep up as lightsong took long strides over to the two men . 
 `` now , '' lightsong said to the two , out of earshot of the others , `` tell me what you saw . '' 
 `` he came to us pretending to be a madman , your grace , '' one of the guards said . 
 `` he sauntered out of the shadows , mumbling to himself . 
 it was just an act , though , and when he got close enough , he knocked us both out . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` he grabbed me around the neck with tassels from his awakened coat , '' one of the men said . 
 he nodded to his companion . 
 `` knocked him in the stomach with the hilt of a sword . '' 
 the second guard raised his shirt to show a large bruise on his stomach , then cocked his head to the side , showing another one on his neck . 
 `` choked us both , '' the first guard said . 
 `` me with those tassels , fran with a boot on his neck . 
 that 's the last thing we knew . 
 by the time we awoke , he was gone . '' 
 `` he choked you , '' lightsong said , `` but did n't kill you . 
 just enough to knock you out ? '' 
 `` that 's right , your grace , '' the guard said . 
 `` please describe this man , '' lightsong said . 
 `` he was big , '' the guard said . 
 `` had a scraggly beard . 
 not too long , but not trimmed either . '' 
 `` he was n't smelly or dirty , '' the other said . 
 `` he just did n't seem to take much care for how he looked . 
 his hair was long-came down to his neck-and had n't seen a brush in a long while . '' 
 `` wore ragged clothing , '' the first said . 
 `` patched in places , nothing bright , but not really dark either . 
 just kind of ... bland . 
 rather un-hallandren , now that i think on it . '' 
 `` and he was armed ? '' 
 lightsong said . 
 `` with the sword that hit me , '' the second guard said . 
 `` big thing . 
 not a dueling blade , more like an easterner sword . 
 straight and really long . 
 had it hidden under his cloak , and we would have seen it , if he had n't covered it up by walking so oddly . '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 `` thank you . 
 stay here . '' 
 with that , he turned and walked toward the second group . 
 `` this is very interesting , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` but i really do n't see the point . '' 
 `` i 'm just curious , '' lightsong said . 
 `` excuse me , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` but you 're not really the curious type . '' 
 lightsong continued walking . 
 the things he was doing , he did mostly without thinking . 
 they just felt natural . 
 he approached the next group . 
 `` you were the ones who saw the intruder in the hallway , right ? '' 
 lightsong said to them . 
 the men nodded . 
 one shot a glance back at mercystar 's palace . 
 the lawn in front of it was now crowded with a colorful assortment of priests and servants , both mercystar 's and lightsong 's own . 
 `` tell me what happened , '' lightsong said . 
 `` we were walking through the servants ' hallway , '' one said . 
 `` we 'd been released for the evening , and were going to go out into the city to a nearby tavern . '' 
 `` then we saw someone in the hallway , '' another said . 
 `` he did n't belong there . '' 
 `` describe him , '' lightsong said . 
 `` big man , '' one said . 
 the others nodded . 
 `` had ragged clothing and a beard . 
 kind of dirty-looking . '' 
 `` no , '' another said . 
 `` the clothing was old , but the man was n't dirty . 
 just slovenly . '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 `` continue . '' 
 `` well , there is n't much to say , '' one of the men said . 
 `` he attacked us . 
 threw an awakened rope at poor taff , who got tied up immediately . 
 rariv and i ran for help . 
 lolan stayed behind . '' 
 lightsong looked at the third man . 
 `` you stayed back ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` to help taff , of course , '' the man said . 
 lying , lightsong thought . 
 looks too nervous . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he said , stepping closer . 
 the man looked down . 
 `` well , mostly . 
 i mean , there was the sword , too ... '' `` oh , right , '' another said . 
 `` he threw a sword at us . 
 strangest thing . '' 
 `` he did n't draw it ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` he threw it ? '' 
 the men shook their heads . 
 `` he threw it at us , sheath and all . 
 lolan picked it up . '' 
 `` i thought i 'd fight him , '' lolan said . 
 `` interesting , '' lightsong said . 
 `` so you two left ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' one of the men said . 
 `` when we came back with the others-after getting around that blasted squirrel-we found lolan on the ground , unconscious , and poor taff ... well , he was still tied up , though the rope was n't awakened anymore . 
 he 'd been stabbed straight through . '' 
 `` you saw him die ? '' 
 `` no , '' lolan said , bringing his hands up in denial . 
 he had-lightsong noticed-a ban dage on one hand . 
 `` the intruder knocked me out with a fist to the head . '' 
 `` but you had the sword , '' lightsong said . 
 `` it was too big to use , '' the man said , looking down . 
 `` so he threw the sword at you , then ran up and punched you ? '' 
 lightsong said . 
 the man nodded . 
 `` and your hand ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 the man paused , unconsciously retracting his hand . 
 `` it got twisted . 
 nothing important . '' 
 `` and you need a ban dage for a twisted wrist ? '' 
 lightsong said , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` show me . '' 
 the man hesitated . 
 `` show me , or lose your soul , my son , '' lightsong said in what he hoped was a suitably divine voice . 
 the man slowly extended his hand . 
 llarimar stepped forward and removed the bandage . 
 the hand was completely grey , drained of color . 
 impossible , lightsong thought with shock . 
 awakening does n't do that to living flesh . 
 it ca n't draw color from someone alive , only objects . 
 floor boards , clothing , furniture . 
 the man withdrew his hand . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' the man said . 
 `` i woke up , and it was like that . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 lightsong said flatly . 
 `` and i 'm to believe that you had nothing else to do with this ? 
 that you were n't working with the intruder ? '' 
 the man fell to his knees suddenly , beginning to cry . 
 `` please , my lord ! 
 do n't take my soul . 
 i 'm not the best of men . 
 i go to the brothels . 
 i cheat when we gamble . '' 
 the other two looked startled at this . 
 `` but i did n't know anything about this intruder , '' lolan continued . 
 `` please , you have to believe me . 
 i just wanted that sword . 
 that beautiful , black sword ! 
 i wanted to draw it , swing it , attack the man with it . 
 i reached for it and while i was distracted , he attacked me . 
 but i did n't see him kill taff ! 
 i promise , i had n't ever seen this intruder before ! 
 you have to believe me ! '' 
 lightsong paused . 
 `` i do , '' he finally said . 
 `` let this be a warning . 
 be good . 
 stop cheating . '' 
 `` yes , my lord . '' 
 lightsong nodded to the men , then he and llarimar left them behind . 
 `` i actually kind of feel like a god , '' lightsong said . 
 `` did you see me make that man repent ? '' 
 `` amazing , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` so what do you think about their testimonies ? '' 
 lightsong said . 
 `` something strange is going on , is n't it ? '' 
 `` i 'm still wondering why you think you should be the one to investigate it , your grace . '' 
 `` it 's not like i have anything else to do . '' 
 `` besides be a god . '' 
 `` overrated , '' lightsong said , walking up to the final man . 
 `` it has nice perks , but the hours are awful . '' 
 llarimar snorted quietly as lightsong turned to address the final witness , the short priest who stood in his robes of yellow and gold . 
 he was distinctly younger than the other priest . 
 was he chosen to tell me lies with the hopes that he 'd seem innocent ? 
 lightsong wondered idly . 
 or am i just making assumptions ? 
 `` what is your story ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 the young priest bowed . 
 `` i was going about my duties , carrying to the records sanctuary several prophecies we had inscribed from the lady 's mouth . 
 i heard a distant disturbance in the building . 
 i looked out the window toward the sound , but i saw nothing . '' 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 the young man pointed toward a window . 
 `` there , your grace . '' 
 lightsong frowned . 
 the priest been on the opposite side of the palace from where the killing had occurred . 
 however , that was the side of the building where the intruder had first entered . 
 `` you could see the doorway where the intruder disabled the two guards ? '' 
 `` yes , your grace , '' the man said . 
 `` though i did n't see them at first . 
 i almost left the window to search for the source of the noise . 
 however , at that point i did see something odd in the lantern light of the entryway : a figure moving . 
 it was then that i noticed the guards on the ground . 
 i thought they were dead bodies , and i was frightened by the shadowy figure moving between them . 
 i yelled , and ran for help . 
 by the time anyone paid attention to me , the figure was gone . '' 
 `` you went down to look for him ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 the man nodded . 
 `` and how long did it take you ? '' 
 `` several minutes , your grace . '' 
 lightsong nodded slowly . 
 `` very well , then . 
 thank you . '' 
 the young priest began to walk over to the main group of his colleagues . 
 `` oh , wait , '' lightsong said . 
 `` did you , by any chance , get a clean look at the intruder ? '' 
 `` not really , your grace , '' the priest said . 
 `` he was in dark clothing , kind of nondescript . 
 it was too far away to see well . '' 
 lightsong waved the man away . 
 he rubbed his chin thoughtfully for a moment , then eyed llarimar . 
 `` well ? '' 
 the priest raised an eyebrow . 
 `` well what , your grace ? '' 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 llarimar shook his head . 
 `` i ... honestly do n't know , your grace . 
 this is obviously important , however . '' 
 lightsong paused . 
 `` it is ? '' 
 llarimar nodded . 
 `` yes , your grace . 
 because of what that man said-the one who was wounded in the hand . 
 he mentioned a black sword . 
 you predicted it , remember ? 
 in the painting this morning ? '' 
 `` that was n't a prediction , '' lightsong said . 
 `` that was really there , in the painting . '' 
 `` that 's the way prophecy works , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 you look at a painting and an entire image appears to your eyes . 
 all i see is random strokes of red . 
 the scene you describe-the things you see-are prophetic . 
 you are a god . '' 
 `` but i saw exactly what the painting was said to depict ! '' 
 lightsong said . 
 `` before you even told me what the title was ! '' 
 llarimar nodded knowingly , as if that proved his point . 
 `` oh , never mind . 
 priests ! 
 insufferable fanatics , every one of you . 
 either way , you agree with me that there is something strange here . '' 
 `` definitely , your grace . '' 
 `` good , '' lightsong said . 
 `` then you 'll kindly stop complaining when i investigate it . '' 
 `` actually , your grace , '' llarimar said , `` it 's even more imperative that you not get involved . 
 you predicted this would occur , but you are an oracle . 
 you must not interact with the subject of your predictions . 
 if you get involved , you could unbalance a great many things . '' 
 `` i like being unbalanced , '' lightsong said . 
 `` besides , this is far too much fun . '' 
 as usual , llarimar did n't react to having his advice ignored . 
 as they began to walk back toward the main group , however , the priest did ask a question . 
 `` your grace . 
 just to sate my own curiosity , what do you think about the murder ? '' 
 `` it 's obvious , '' lightsong said idly . 
 `` there were two intruders . 
 the first is the large man with the sword-he knocked out the guards , attacked those servants , released the lifeless , then disappeared . 
 the second man-the one the young priest saw-came in after the first intruder . 
 that second man is the murderer . '' 
 llarimar frowned . 
 `` why do you suppose that ? '' 
 `` the first man took care not to kill , '' lightsong said . 
 `` he left the guards alive at risk to himself , since they could have regained consciousness at any moment to raise the alarm . 
 he did n't draw his sword against the servants but simply tried to subdue them . 
 there was no reason for him to kill a bound captive-particularly since he 'd already left witnesses . 
 if there were a second man , however ... well , that would make sense . 
 the servant who was killed , he was the one who was conscious when this second intruder came through . 
 that servant was the only one who saw the second intruder . '' 
 `` so , you think someone else followed the man with the sword , killed the only witness , and then ... '' `` both of them vanished , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i found a trapdoor . 
 i 'm thinking there must be passages beneath the palace . 
 it all seems fairly obvious to me . 
 one thing , however , is not obvious . '' 
 he glanced at llarimar , slowing before they reached the main group of priests and servants . 
 `` and what is that , your grace ? '' 
 llarimar asked . 
 `` how in the name of the colors i figured all of this out ! '' 
 `` i 'm trying to grasp that myself , your grace . '' 
 lightsong shook his head . 
 `` this comes from before , scoot . 
 everything i 'm doing , it feels natural . 
 who was i before i died ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what you mean , your grace , '' llarimar said , turning away . 
 `` oh , come now , scoot . 
 i 've spent most of my returned life just lounging about , but then the moment someone is killed , i leap out of bed and ca n't resist poking around . 
 does n't that sound suspicious to you ? '' 
 llarimar did n't look at him . 
 `` colors ! '' 
 lightsong swore . 
 `` i was someone useful ? 
 i was just beginning to convince myself that i 'd died in a reasonable way-such as falling off a stump when i was drunk . '' 
 `` you know you died in a brave way , your grace . '' 
 `` it could have been a really high stump . '' 
 llarimar just shook his head . 
 `` either way , your grace , you know i ca n't say anything about who you were before . '' 
 `` well , these instincts came from somewhere , '' lightsong said as they walked over to the main group of watching priests and servants . 
 the head priest had returned with a small wooden box . 
 wild scratching came from inside . 
 `` thank you , '' lightsong snapped , grabbing the box and passing by without even breaking stride . 
 `` i 'm telling you , scoot , i am not pleased . '' 
 `` you seemed rather happy this morning , your grace , '' llarimar noted as they walked away from mercystar 's palace . 
 her priest was left behind , a complaint dying on his lips , lightsong 's entourage trailing after their god . 
 `` i was happy , '' lightsong said , `` because i did n't know what was going on . 
 how am i going to be properly indolent if i keep itching to investigate things ? 
 honestly , this murder will completely destroy my hard-won reputation . '' 
 `` my sympathies , your grace , that you have been inconvenienced by a semblance of motivation . '' 
 `` quite right , '' lightsong said , sighing . 
 he handed over the box with its furious lifeless rodent . 
 `` here . 
 you think my awakeners can break its security phrase ? '' 
 `` eventually , '' llarimar said . 
 `` though it 's an animal , your grace . 
 it wo n't be able to tell us anything directly . '' 
 `` have them do it anyway , '' lightsong said . 
 `` meanwhile , i need to think about this case some more . '' 
 they walked back to his palace . 
 however , the thing that now struck lightsong was the fact that he 'd used the word `` case '' in reference to the murder . 
 it was a word he 'd never heard used in that particular context . 
 yet he knew that it fit . 
 instinctively , automatically . 
 i did n't have to learn to speak again when i returned , he thought . 
 i did n't have to learn to walk again , or read again , or anything like that . 
 only my personal memory was lost . 
 but not all of it , apparently . 
 and that left him wondering what else he could do , if he tried . 
 27 something happened to those previous god kings , siri thought , striding through the endless rooms of the god king 's palace , her servants scurrying behind . 
 something that bluefingers fears will happen to susebron . 
 it will be dangerous to both the god king and myself . 
 she continued to walk , trailing a train made from countless tassels of translucent green silk behind her . 
 the day 's gown was nearly gossamer thin-she 'd chosen it , then had asked her servants to fetch an opaque slip for her . 
 it was funny how quickly she 'd stopped worrying about what was `` ostentatious '' and what was not . 
 there were many much more important problems to worry about . 
 the priests do fear that something will happen to susebron , she thought firmly . 
 they are so eager for me to produce an heir . 
 they claim it 's about the succession , but they went fifty years without bothering . 
 they were willing to wait twenty years to get their bride from idris . 
 whatever the danger is , it 's not urgent . 
 and yet the priests act like it is . 
 perhaps they 'd wanted a bride of the royal line so badly that they 'd been willing to risk the danger . 
 surely they need n't have waited twenty years , though . 
 vivenna could have borne children years ago . 
 though perhaps the treaty specified a time and not an age . 
 maybe it just said that the king of idris had twenty years to provide a bride for the god king . 
 that would explain why her father had been able to send siri instead . 
 siri cursed herself for ignoring her lessons about the treaty . 
 she did n't really know what it said . 
 for all she knew , the danger could be spelled out in the document itself . 
 she needed more information . 
 unfortunately , the priests were obstructive , the servants silent , and bluefingers , well ... she finally caught sight of him moving through one of the rooms , writing on his ledger . 
 siri hurried up , train rustling . 
 he turned , glimpsing her . 
 his eyes opened wide , and he increased his speed , ducking through the open doorway into another room . 
 siri called after him , moving as quickly as the dress would allow , but when she arrived , the room was empty . 
 `` colors ! '' 
 she swore , feeling her hair grow a deep red in annoyance . 
 `` you still think he is n't avoiding me ? '' 
 she demanded , turning to the most senior of her servants . 
 the woman lowered her gaze . 
 `` it would be improper for a servant of the palace to avoid his queen , vessel . 
 he must not have seen you . '' 
 right , siri thought , just like every other time . 
 when she sent for him , he always arrived after she 'd given up and left . 
 when she had a letter scribed to him , he responded so vaguely that it only frustrated her even further . 
 she could n't take books from the palace library , and the priests were disruptively distracting if she tried to read inside the library chamber itself . 
 she 'd requested books from the city , but the priests had insisted that they be brought by a priest , then read to her , so as to not `` strain her eyes . '' 
 she was pretty sure that if there was anything in the book that the priests did n't want her to know , the reader would simply skip it . 
 she depended so much upon the priests and scribes for everything , including information . 
 except ... she thought , still standing in the bright red room . 
 there was another source of information . 
 she turned to her head servant . 
 `` what activities are going on today in the courtyard ? '' 
 `` many , vessel , '' the woman said . 
 `` some artists have come and are doing paintings and sketches . 
 there are some animal handlers showing exotic creatures from the south-i believe they have both elephants and zebras on display . 
 there are also several dye merchants showing off their newest color combinations . 
 and-of course-there are minstrels . '' 
 `` what about at that building we went to before ? '' 
 `` the arena , vessel ? 
 i believe there will be games there later in the evening . 
 contests of physical prowess . '' 
 siri nodded . 
 `` prepare a box . 
 i want to attend . '' 
 <br/> in that respect , these contests were almost in line with idris sensibilities-yet , at the same time , they were ironically opposite . 
 the beauty of the games kept her distracted for much longer than she 'd intended , her hair permanently locked into a deep maroon blush , even after she got used to the idea of men competing in so little clothing . 
 eventually , she forced herself to stand and turn away from the performance . 
 she had work to do . 
 her servants perked up . 
 they had brought all kinds of luxuries . 
 full couches and cushions , fruits and wines , even a few men with fans to keep her cool . 
 after only a few weeks in the palace , such comfort was beginning to seem commonplace to her . 
 `` there was a god who came and spoke to me before , '' siri said , scanning the amphitheater , where many of the stone boxes were decorated with colorful canopies . 
 `` which one was it ? '' 
 `` lightsong the bold , vessel , '' one of the serving women said . 
 `` god of bravery . '' 
 siri nodded . 
 `` and his colors are ? '' 
 `` gold and red , vessel . '' 
 siri smiled . 
 his canopy showed that he was there . 
 he was n't the only god to have introduced himself to her during her weeks in the palace , but he was the only one who had spent any amount of time chatting with her . 
 he 'd been confusing , but at least he 'd been willing to talk . 
 she left her box , beautiful dress trailing on the stone . 
 she 'd had to force herself to stop feeling guilty for ruining them , since apparently each dress was burned the day after she wore it . 
 her servants burst into frantic motion , gathering up furniture and foods , following behind siri . 
 as before , there were people on the benches below-merchants rich enough to buy entrance to the court or peasants who had won a special lottery . 
 many turned and looked up as she passed , whispering among themselves . 
 it 's the only way they get to see me , she realized . 
 their queen . 
 that was one thing that idris certainly handled better than hallandren . 
 the idrians had easy access to their king and their government , while in hallandren the leaders were kept aloof-and therefore made remote , even mysterious . 
 she approached the red and gold pavilion . 
 the god she had seen before lounged inside , relaxing on a couch , sipping from a large , beautifully engraved glass cup filled with an icy red liquid . 
 he looked much as he had before-the chiseled masculine features that she was already coming to associate with godhood , perfectly styled black hair , golden tan skin , and a distinctly blase attitude . 
 that 's something else idris was right about , she thought . 
 my people may be too stern , but it also is n't good to become as self-indulgent as some of these returned . 
 the god , lightsong , eyed her and nodded in deference . 
 `` my queen . '' 
 `` lightsong the bold , '' she said as one of her servants brought her chair . 
 `` i trust your day has been pleasant ? '' 
 `` so far this day i have discovered several disturbing and redefining elements of my soul which are slowly restructuring the very nature of my existence . '' 
 he took a sip from his drink . 
 `` other than that , it was uneventful . 
 you ? '' 
 `` fewer revelations , '' siri said , sitting . 
 `` more confusion . 
 i 'm still inexperienced in the way things work here . 
 i was hoping you could answer some of my questions , give me some information , perhaps ... '' `` afraid not , '' lightsong said . 
 siri paused , then flushed , embarrassed . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 did i do something wrong . 
 i - '' `` no , nothing wrong , child , '' lightsong said , his smile deepening . 
 `` the reason i can not help you is because i , unfortunately , know nothing . 
 i 'm useless . 
 have n't you heard ? '' 
 `` um ... i 'm afraid i have n't . '' 
 `` you should pay better attention , '' he said , raising his cup toward her . 
 `` shame on you , '' he said , smilingly . 
 siri frowned , growing more embarrassed . 
 lightsong 's high priest-distinguished by his oversized headgear-looked on disapprovingly , and that only caused her to be more self-conscious . 
 why should i be the ashamed one ? 
 she thought , growing annoyed . 
 lightsong is the one who is making veiled insults against me-and making overt ones against himself ! 
 it 's like he enjoys self-deprecation . 
 `` actually , '' siri said , looking over at him , lifting her chin , `` i have heard of your reputation , lightsong the bold . 
 ` useless ' was n't the word i heard used , however . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` no . 
 i was told you were harmless , though i can see that is not true-for in speaking to you , my sense of reason has certainly been harmed . 
 not to mention my head , which is beginning to ache . '' 
 `` both common symptoms of dealing with me , i 'm afraid , '' he said with an exaggerated sigh . 
 `` that could be solved , '' siri said . 
 `` perhaps it would help if you refrained from speaking when others are present . 
 i think i should find you quite amiable in those circumstances . '' 
 lightsong laughed . 
 not a belly laugh , like her father or some of the men back in idris , but a more refined laugh . 
 still , it seemed genuine . 
 `` i knew i liked you , girl , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not sure if i should feel complimented or not . '' 
 `` depends upon how seriously you take yourself , '' lightsong said . 
 `` come , abandon that silly chair and recline on one of these couches . 
 enjoy the evening . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure that would be proper , '' siri said . 
 `` i 'm a god , '' lightsong said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` i define propriety . '' 
 `` i think i 'll sit anyway , '' siri said , smiling , though she did stand and have her servants bring the chair farther under the canopy so that she did n't have to speak so loudly . 
 she also tried not to pay too much attention to the contests , lest she be drawn in by them again . 
 lightsong smiled . 
 he seemed to enjoy making others uncomfortable . 
 but , then , he also seemed to have no concern for how he himself appeared . 
 `` i meant what i said before , lightsong , '' she said . 
 `` i need information . '' 
 `` and i , my dear , was quite honest as well . 
 i am useless , mostly . 
 however , i 'll try my best to answer your questions-assuming , of course , you will provide answers to mine . '' 
 `` and if i do n't know the answers to your questions ? '' 
 `` then make something up , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll never know the difference . 
 unknowing ignorance is preferable to informed stupidity . '' 
 `` i 'll try to remember that . '' 
 `` do so and you defeat the point . 
 now , your questions ? '' 
 `` what happened to the previous god kings ? '' 
 `` died , '' lightsong said . 
 `` oh , do n't look so surprised . 
 it happens to people sometimes , even gods . 
 we make , if you have n't noticed , laughable immortals . 
 we keep forgetting about that ` live forever ' part and instead find ourselves unexpectedly dead . 
 and for the second time at that . 
 you might say that we 're twice as bad at staying alive as regular folk . '' 
 `` how do the god kings die ? '' 
 `` gave away their breath , '' lightsong said . 
 `` is n't that right , scoot ? '' 
 lightsong 's high priest nodded . 
 `` it is , your grace . 
 his divine majesty susebron the fourth died to cure the plague of distrentia that struck t'telir fifty years ago . '' 
 `` wait , '' lightsong said . 
 `` is n't distrentia a disease of the bowels ? '' 
 `` indeed , '' the high priest said . 
 lightsong frowned . 
 `` you mean to tell me that our god king-the most holy and divine personage in our pantheon-died to cure a few tummy aches ? '' 
 `` i would n't exactly put it that way , your grace . '' 
 lightsong leaned over to siri . 
 `` i 'm expected to do that someday , you know . 
 kill myself so that some old lady will be able to stop messing herself in public . 
 no wonder i 'm such an embarrassing god . 
 must have to do with subconscious self-worth issues . '' 
 the high priest looked apologetically at siri . 
 for the first time , she realized that the overweight priest 's disapproval was n't directed at her , but at his god . 
 to her , he smiled . 
 maybe they 're not all like treledees , she thought , smiling back . 
 `` the god king 's sacrifice was not an empty gesture , vessel , '' the priest said . 
 `` true , diarrhea may not be a great danger to most , but to the elderly and the young it can be quite deadly . 
 plus , the epidemic conditions were spreading other diseases , and the city 's commerce-and therefore the kingdom 's - had slowed to a crawl . 
 people in outlying villages went months without necessary supplies . '' 
 `` i wonder how those who were cured felt , '' lightsong said musingly , `` waking to find their god king dead . '' 
 `` one would think they 'd be honored , your grace . '' 
 `` i think they 'd be annoyed . 
 the king came all that way , and they were too sick to notice . 
 anyway , my queen , there you go . 
 that was actually helpful information . 
 you now have me worried that i 've broken my promise to you about being useless . '' 
 `` if it 's any consolation , '' she said , `` you were n't all that helpful yourself . 
 it 's your priest who actually seems useful . '' 
 `` yes , i know . 
 i 've tried for years to corrupt him . 
 never seems to work . 
 i ca n't even get him to acknowledge the theological paradox it causes when i try to tempt him to do evil . '' 
 siri paused , then found herself smiling even more broadly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 lightsong asked , then finished off the last of his drink . 
 it was immediately replaced by another , this one blue . 
 `` talking to you is like swimming in a river , '' she said . 
 `` i keep getting pulled along with the current and i 'm never sure when i 'll be able to take another breath . '' 
 `` watch out for the rocks , vessel , '' the high priest noted . 
 `` they look rather insignificant , but have sharp edges under the surface . '' 
 `` bah , '' lightsong said . 
 `` it 's the crocodiles you have to watch for . 
 they can bite . 
 and ... what exactly were we talking about , anyway ? '' 
 `` the god kings , '' siri said . 
 `` when the last one died , an heir had already been produced ? '' 
 `` indeed , '' the high priest said . 
 `` in fact , he had just been married the year before . 
 the child was born only weeks before he died . '' 
 siri sat back in her chair , thoughtful . 
 `` and the god king before him ? '' 
 `` died to heal the children of a village which had been attacked by bandits , '' lightsong said . 
 `` the commoners love the story . 
 the king was so moved by their suffering that he gave himself up for the simple people . '' 
 `` and had he been married the year before ? '' 
 `` no , vessel , '' the high priest said . 
 `` it was several years after his marriage . 
 though , he did die only a month after his second child was born . '' 
 siri looked up . 
 `` was the first child a daughter ? '' 
 `` yes , '' the priest said . 
 `` a woman of no divine powers . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 colors ! 
 siri thought . 
 both times , right after the heir was born . 
 did having a child somehow make the god kings wish to give their lives away ? 
 or was it something more sinister ? 
 a cured plague or healed village were both things that , with a little creative propaganda , could be invented to cover up some other cause of death . 
 `` i 'm not truly an expert on these things , i 'm afraid , vessel , '' the high priest continued . 
 `` and , i 'm afraid that lord lightsong is not either . 
 if you press him , he could very well just start making things up . '' 
 `` scoot ! '' 
 lightsong said indignantly . 
 `` that 's slanderous . 
 oh , and by the way , your hat is on fire . '' 
 `` thank you , '' siri said . 
 `` both of you . 
 this has actually been rather helpful . '' 
 `` if i might suggest ... '' the high priest said . 
 `` please , '' she replied . 
 `` try a professional storyteller , vessel , '' the priest said . 
 `` you can order one in from the city , and he can recite both histories and tales of imagination to you . 
 they will provide much better information than we can . '' 
 siri nodded . 
 why ca n't the priests in our palace be this helpful ? 
 of course , if they really were covering up the true reason their god kings died , they had good reason to avoid helping her . 
 in fact , it was likely that if she asked for a storyteller , they would just provide one who would tell her what they wanted her to hear . 
 she frowned . 
 `` could ... you do that for me , lightsong ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` order in a storyteller , '' she said . 
 `` i should like you to be there , in case i have any questions . '' 
 lightsong shrugged . 
 `` i guess i could . 
 have n't heard a storyteller in some time . 
 just let me know when . '' 
 it was n't a perfect plan . 
 her servants were listening and they might report to the priests . 
 however , if the storyteller came to lightsong 's palace , there was at least some chance of siri hearing the truth . 
 `` thank you , '' she said , rising . 
 `` ah , ah , ah ! 
 not so fast , '' lightsong said , raising a finger . 
 she stopped . 
 he drank from his cup . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 he held up the finger again as he continued to drink , tipping his head back , getting the last bits of slushy ice from the bottom of the cup . 
 he set it aside , mouth blue . 
 `` how refreshing . 
 idris . 
 wonderful place . 
 lots of ice . 
 costs quite a bit to bring it here , so i 've heard . 
 good thing i do n't ever have to pay for anything , eh ? '' 
 siri raised an eyebrow . 
 `` and i 'm standing here waiting because ... '' `` you promised to answer some of my questions . '' 
 `` oh , '' she said , sitting back down . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` now , then , '' he said . 
 `` did you know any city guards back in your home ? '' 
 she cocked her head . 
 `` city guards ? '' 
 `` you know , fellows who enforce the law . 
 police . 
 sheriffs . 
 the men who catch crooks and guard dungeons . 
 that sort . '' 
 `` i knew a couple , i guess , '' she said . 
 `` my home city was n't large but it was the capital . 
 it did attract people who could be difficult sometimes . '' 
 `` ah , good , '' lightsong said . 
 `` kindly describe them for me . 
 not the difficult fellows . 
 the city watch . '' 
 siri shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they tended to be careful . 
 they 'd interview newcomers to the village , walk the streets looking for wrongdoing , that sort of thing . '' 
 `` would you call them inquisitive types ? '' 
 `` yes , '' siri said . 
 `` i guess . 
 i mean , as much as anybody . 
 maybe more . '' 
 `` were there ever any murders in your village ? '' 
 `` a couple , '' siri said , glancing down . 
 `` there should n't have been-my father always said things like that should n't happen in idris . 
 said murder was a thing of ... well , hallandren . '' 
 lightsong chuckled . 
 `` yes , we do it all the time . 
 quite the party trick . 
 now , did these policemen investigate the murders ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` without having to be asked to do so ? '' 
 siri nodded . 
 `` how 'd they go about it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' siri said . 
 `` they asked questions , talked to witnesses , looked for clues . 
 i was n't involved . '' 
 `` no , no , '' lightsong said . 
 `` of course you were n't . 
 why , if you 'd been a murderer , they would have done something terrible to you , yes ? 
 like exile you to another country ? '' 
 siri felt herself pale , hair growing lighter . 
 lightsong just laughed . 
 `` do n't go taking me so seriously , your majesty . 
 honestly , i gave up wondering if you were an assassin days ago . 
 now , if your servants and mine will stay behind for a second , i think i may have something important to tell you . '' 
 siri started as lightsong stood up . 
 he began to walk from the pavilion , and his servants remained where they were . 
 confused but excited , siri rose from her own seat and hurried after him . 
 she caught up with him a short distance away , on the stone walkway that ran between the various boxes in the arena . 
 down below , the athletes continued their display . 
 lightsong looked down at her , smiling . 
 they really are tall , she thought , craning a bit . 
 a single foot of extra height made such a difference . 
 standing next to a man like lightsong-and not really being that tall herself-she felt dwarfed . 
 maybe he 'll tell me the thing i 've been looking for , siri thought . 
 the secret ! 
 `` you are playing a dangerous game , my queen , '' lightsong said , leaning against the stone railing . 
 it was built for returned proportions , so it was too high for her to rest against comfortably . 
 `` game ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` politics , '' he said , watching the athletes . 
 `` i do n't want to play politics . '' 
 `` if you do n't , it will play you , i 'm afraid . 
 i always get sucked in , regardless of what i do . 
 complaining does n't stop that-though it does annoy people , which is satisfying in its own right . '' 
 siri frowned . 
 `` so you pulled me aside to give me a warning ? '' 
 `` colors , no , '' lightsong said , chuckling . 
 `` if you have n't already figured out that this is dangerous , then you 're far too dense to appreciate a warning . 
 i just wanted to give some advice . 
 the first is about your persona . '' 
 `` my persona ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` it needs work . 
 choosing the persona of an innocent newcomer was a good instinct . 
 it suits you . 
 but you need to refine it . 
 work on it . '' 
 `` it 's not a persona , '' she said sincerely . 
 `` i am confused and new to all this . '' 
 lightsong raised a finger . 
 `` that 's the trick to politics , child . 
 sometimes , although you ca n't disguise who you are and how you really feel , you can make use of who you are . 
 people distrust that which they ca n't understand and predict . 
 as long as you feel like an unpredictable element in court , you will appear to be a threat . 
 if you can skillfully-and honestly-portray yourself as someone they understand , then you 'll begin to fit in . '' 
 siri frowned . 
 `` take me as an example , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i 'm a useless fool . 
 i always have been , as long as i can remember-which actually is n't all that long . 
 anyway , i know how people regard me . 
 i enhance it . 
 play with it . '' 
 `` so it 's a lie ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 this is who i am . 
 however , i make certain that people never forget it . 
 you ca n't control everything . 
 but if you can control how people regard you , then you can find a place in this mess . 
 and once you have that , you can begin to influence factions . 
 should you want to . 
 i rarely do because it 's such a bother . '' 
 siri cocked her head . 
 then she smiled . 
 `` you 're a good man , lightsong , '' she said . 
 `` i knew it , even when you were insulting me . 
 you mean no harm . 
 is that part of your persona ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` but i 'm not sure what it is that convinces people to trust me . 
 i 'd get rid of it if i could . 
 it only serves to make people expect too much . 
 just give what i said some practice . 
 the best thing about being locked in this beautiful prison is that you can do some good , you can change things . 
 i 've seen others do it . 
 people i respected . 
 even if there have n't been many of those around the court lately . '' 
 `` all right , '' she said . 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` you 're digging for something-i can sense it . 
 and it has to do with the priests . 
 do n't make too many waves until you 're ready to strike . 
 sudden and surprising , that 's how you want to be . 
 you do n't want to appear too nonthreatening-people are always suspicious of the innocent . 
 the trick is to appear average . 
 just as crafty as everyone else . 
 that way , everyone else will assume that they can beat you with just a little advantage . '' 
 siri nodded . 
 `` kind of an idrian philosophy . '' 
 `` you came from us , '' lightsong said . 
 `` or , perhaps , we came from you . 
 either way , we 're more similar than our outward trappings make us seem . 
 what is that idrian philosophy of extreme plainness except a means of contrasting with hallandren ? 
 all those whites you people use ? 
 that makes you stand out on a national scale . 
 you act like us , we act like you , we just do the same things in opposite ways . '' 
 she nodded slowly . 
 he smiled . 
 `` oh , and one thing . 
 please , please do n't depend on me too much . 
 i mean that . 
 i 'm not going to be of much help . 
 if your plots come to a head-if things go wrong at the last moment and you 're in danger or distress-don ' t think of me . 
 i will fail you . 
 that i promise from my heart with absolute sincerity . '' 
 `` you 're a very strange man . '' 
 `` product of my society , '' he said . 
 `` and since most of the time , my society consists pretty much only of myself , i blame god . 
 good day , my queen . '' 
 with that , he sauntered off back to his box and waved for her servants-who had been watching with concern-to finally rejoin her . 
 28 the meeting is set , my lady , '' thame said . 
 `` the men are eager . 
 your work in t'telir is gaining more and more notoriety . '' 
 vivenna was n't sure what she thought of that . 
 she sipped her juice . 
 the lukewarm liquid was addictively flavorful , although she wished for some idrian ice . 
 thame looked at her eagerly . 
 the short idrian was , according to denth 's investigations , trustworthy enough . 
 his story of being `` forced '' into a life of crime was a tad overstated . 
 he filled a niche in hallandren society-he acted as a liaison between the idrian workers and the various criminal elements . 
 he was also , apparently , a staunch patriot . 
 despite the fact that he tended to exploit his own people , particularly newcomers to the city . 
 `` how many will be at the meeting ? '' 
 vivenna asked , watching traffic pass on the street out beyond the restaurant 's patio gate . 
 `` over a hundred , my lady , '' thame said . 
 `` loyal to our king , i promise . 
 and , they 're influential men , all of them-for idrians in t'telir , that is . '' 
 which , according to denth , meant that they were men who wielded power in the city because they could provide cheap idrian workers and could sway the opinion of the underprivileged idrian masses . 
 they were men who , like thame , thrived because of the idrian expatriates . 
 a strange duality . 
 these men had stature among an oppressed minority , and without the oppression , they would be powerless . 
 like lemex , she thought , who served my father-even seemed to respect and love him-all the while stealing every bit of gold he could lay his hands on . 
 she leaned back , wearing a white dress with a long pleated skirt that rippled and blew in the wind . 
 she tapped the side of her cup , which caused a serving man to refill her juice . 
 thame smiled , taking more juice as well , though he looked out of place in the fine restaurant . 
 `` how many are there , you suppose ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` idrians in the city , i mean . '' 
 `` perhaps as many as ten thousand . '' 
 `` that many ? '' 
 `` trouble on the lower farms , '' thame said , shrugging . 
 `` it 's hard , sometimes , living up in those mountains . 
 crops fail , and what do you have ? 
 the king owns your land , so you ca n't sell . 
 you need to pay your levies ... '' `` yes , but one can petition in the case of disaster , '' vivenna said . 
 `` ah , my lady , but most of these men are several weeks ' travel from the king . 
 should they leave their families to make a petition , when they fear their loved ones will starve during the weeks it will take to bring food from the king 's store house if they are successful ? 
 or do they travel the much shorter distance down to t'telir ? 
 take work there , loading on the docks or harvesting flowers in the jungle plantations ? 
 it 's hard work , but steady . '' 
 and , in doing so , they betray their people . 
 but who was she to judge ? 
 the fifth vision would define it as haughtiness . 
 here she sat in the cool shade of a canopy , enjoying a nice breeze and expensive juice while other men slaved to provide for their families . 
 she had no right to sneer at their motivations . 
 idrians should n't have to seek for work in hallandren . 
 she did n't like to admit fault in her father , yet his was not a bureaucratically efficient kingdom . 
 it consisted of dozens of scattered villages with poor highways that were often blocked by snows or rockslides . 
 in addition , he was forced to expend a lot of resources keeping his army strong in case of a hallandren assault . 
 he had a difficult job . 
 was that a good enough excuse for the poverty of her people who had been forced to flee their homeland ? 
 the more she listened and learned , the more she realized that many idrians had never known anything like the idyllic life she 'd lived in her lovely mountain valley . 
 `` meeting is three days hence , my lady , '' thame said . 
 `` some of these men are hesitant after vahr and his failure , but they will listen to you . '' 
 `` i will be there . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 thame rose-bowed , despite the fact that she 'd asked him not to draw attention to her-and withdrew . 
 vivenna sat and sipped her juice . 
 she felt denth before he arrived . 
 `` you know what interests me ? '' 
 he said , taking the seat thame had been using . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` people , '' he said , tapping an empty cup , drawing the serving man back over . 
 `` people interest me . 
 particularly people who do n't act like they 're supposed to . 
 people who surprise me . '' 
 `` i hope you are n't talking about thame , '' vivenna asked , raising an eyebrow . 
 denth shook his head . 
 `` i 'm talking about you , princess . 
 was n't too long ago that-no matter what or who you looked at-you had a look of quiet displeasure in your eyes . 
 you 've lost it . 
 you 're starting to fit in . '' 
 `` then that 's a problem , denth , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i do n't want to fit in . 
 i hate hallandren . '' 
 `` you seem to like that juice all right . '' 
 vivenna set it aside . 
 `` you 're right , of course . 
 i should n't be drinking it . '' 
 `` if you say so , '' denth said , shrugging . 
 `` now , if you were to ask the mercenary-which , of course , nobody ever does-he might mention that it 's good for you to start acting like a hallandren . 
 the less you stand out , the less likely people are to connect you to that idrian princess hiding in the city . 
 take your friend parlin . '' 
 `` he looks like a fool in those bright colors , '' she said , glancing across the street toward where he and jewels were chatting as they watched the escape route . 
 `` does he ? '' 
 denth said . 
 `` or does he just look like a hallandren ? 
 would you hesitate at all if you were in the jungle and saw him put on the fur of a beast , or perhaps shroud himself in a cloak colored like fallen leaves ? '' 
 she looked again . 
 parlin lounged against the side of a building much like street toughs his age she 'd seen elsewhere in the city . 
 `` you both fit better here than you once did , '' denth said . 
 `` you 're learning . '' 
 vivenna looked down . 
 some things in her new life were actually starting to feel natural . 
 the raids , for instance , were becoming surprisingly easy . 
 she was also growing used to moving with the crowds and being part of an underground element . 
 two months earlier , she would have been indignantly opposed to dealing with a man like denth , simply because of his profession . 
 she found it very difficult to reconcile herself to some of these changes . 
 it was growing harder and harder to understand herself , and to decide what she believed . 
 `` though , '' denth said , eyeing vivenna 's dress , `` you might want to think about switching to trousers . '' 
 vivenna frowned , looking up . 
 `` just a suggestion , '' denth said , then gulped down some juice . 
 `` you do n't like the short hallandren skirts , but the only decent clothing we can buy you that are ` modest ' are of foreign make-and that makes them expensive . 
 that means we have to use expensive restaurants , lest we stand out . 
 that means you have to deal with all of this terrible lavishness . 
 trousers , however , are modest and cheap . '' 
 `` trousers are not modest . '' 
 `` do n't show knees , '' he said . 
 `` does n't matter . '' 
 denth shrugged . 
 `` just giving my opinion . '' 
 vivenna looked away , then sighed quietly . 
 `` i appreciate the advice , denth . 
 really . 
 i just ... i 'm confused by a lot of my life lately . '' 
 `` world 's a confusing place , '' denth said . 
 `` that 's what makes it fun . '' 
 `` the men we 're working with , '' vivenna said . 
 `` they lead the idrians in the city but exploit them at the same time . 
 lemex stole from my father but still worked for the interests of my country . 
 and here i am , wearing an over-priced dress and sipping expensive juice while my sister is being abused by an awful dictator and while this wonderful , terrible city prepares to launch a war on my homeland . '' 
 denth leaned back in his chair , looking out over the short railing toward the street , watching the crowds with their colors both beautiful and terrible . 
 `` the motivations of men . 
 they never make sense . 
 and they always make sense . '' 
 `` right now , you do n't make sense . '' 
 denth smiled . 
 `` what i 'm trying to say is that you do n't understand a man until you understand what makes him do what he does . 
 every man is a hero in his own story , princess . 
 murderers do n't believe that they 're to blame for what they do . 
 thieves , they think they deserve the money they take . 
 dictators , they believe they have the right-for the safety of their people and the good of the nation-to do whatever they wish . '' 
 he stared off , shaking his head . 
 `` i think even vasher sees himself as a hero . 
 the truth is , most people who do what you 'd call ` wrong ' do it for what they call ` right ' reasons . 
 only mercenaries make any sense . 
 we do what we 're paid to do . 
 that 's it . 
 perhaps that 's why people look down on us so . 
 we 're the only ones who do n't pretend to have higher motives . '' 
 he paused , then met her eyes . 
 `` in a way , we 're the most honest men you 'll ever meet . '' 
 the two of them fell silent , the crowd passing by just a short distance away , a river of flashing colors . 
 another figure approached the table . 
 `` that 's right , '' tonk fah said , `` but , you forgot to mention that in addition to being honest , we 're also clever . 
 and handsome . '' 
 `` those both go without saying , '' denth said . 
 vivenna turned . 
 tonk fah had been watching from nearby , ready to provide backup . 
 they were letting her start to take the lead in some of the meetings . 
 `` honest , perhaps , '' vivenna said . 
 `` but i certainly hope that you 're not the most handsome men i 'll ever meet . 
 are we ready to go ? '' 
 `` assuming you 're finished with your juice , '' denth said , smirking at her . 
 vivenna glanced at her cup . 
 it was very good . 
 feeling guilty , she drained the juice . 
 it would be a sin to waste it , she thought . 
 then she rose and swished her way from the building , leaving denth-who now handled most of the coins-to settle the bill . 
 outside on the street , they were joined by clod , who 'd been given orders to come if she screamed for help . 
 she turned , looking back at tonk fah and denth . 
 `` tonks , '' she said . 
 `` where 's your monkey ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` monkeys are boring anyway . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` you lost another one ? '' 
 denth chuckled . 
 `` get used to it , princess . 
 of all the happy miracles in the universe , one of the greatest is that tonks has never fathered a child . 
 he 'd probably lose it before the week was out . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you may be right , '' she said . 
 `` next appointment . 
 d'denir garden , right ? '' 
 denth nodded . 
 `` let 's go , '' she said , walking down the street . 
 the others trailed behind , picking up parlin and jewels on the way . 
 vivenna did n't wait for clod to force a way through the crowd . 
 the less she depended on that lifeless , the better . 
 moving through the streets really was n't that difficult . 
 there was an art to it-one moved with a crowd , rather than trying to swim against its flow . 
 it was n't long before , vivenna at the front , the group turned off into the wide grassy field that was the d'denir garden . 
 like the crossroads square , this place was an open space of green life set among the buildings and colors . 
 yet , here no flowers or trees broke the landscape , nor did people bustle about . 
 this was a more reverent place . 
 and it was filled with statues . 
 hundreds of them . 
 they looked much like the other d'denir in the city-with their oversized bodies and heroic poses , many tied with colorful cloths or garments . 
 these were some of the oldest statues she had seen , their stone weathered from years spent enduring the frequent t'telir rainfalls . 
 this group was the final gift from peacegiver the blessed . 
 the statues had been made as a memorial to those who had died in the manywar . 
 a monument and a warning . 
 so the legends said . 
 vivenna could n't help thinking that if the people really did honor those that had fallen , they would n't dress the statues up in such ridiculous costumes . 
 still , the place was far more serene than most in t'telir , and she could appreciate that . 
 she walked down the steps onto the lawn , wandering between the silent stone figures . 
 denth moved up beside her . 
 `` remember who we 're meeting ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` forgers . '' 
 denth eyed her . 
 `` you all right with this ? '' 
 `` denth , during our months together i 've met with thief lords , murderers , and-most frighteningly-mercenaries . 
 i think i can deal with a couple of spindly scribes . '' 
 denth shook his head . 
 `` these are the men who sell the documents , not the scribes who do the work . 
 you wo n't meet more dangerous men than forgers . 
 within the hallandren bureaucracy , they can make anything seem legal by putting the right documents in the right places . '' 
 vivenna nodded slowly . 
 `` you remember what to have them make ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 `` of course i do , '' she said . 
 `` this particular plan was my idea , remember ? '' 
 `` just checking , '' he said . 
 `` you 're worried that i 'll mess things up , are n't you ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you 're the leader in this little dance , princess . 
 i 'm just the guy who mops the floor afterward . '' 
 he eyed her . 
 `` i hate mopping up blood . '' 
 `` oh , please , '' she said , rolling her eyes , walking faster and leaving him behind . 
 as he fell back , she could hear him talking to tonk fah . 
 `` bad metaphor ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 `` nah , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` it had blood in it . 
 that makes it a good meta phor . '' 
 `` i think it lacked poetic style . '' 
 `` find something that rhymes with ` blood ' then , '' tonk fah suggested . 
 he paused . 
 `` mud ? 
 thud ? 
 uh ... tastebud ? '' 
 they sure are literate , for a bunch of thugs , she thought . 
 she did n't have to go far before she spotted the men . 
 they waited beside the agreed meeting place-a large d'denir with a weathered axe . 
 the group of people were having a picnic and chatting among themselves , a picture of harmless innocence . 
 vivenna slowed . 
 `` that 's them , '' denth whispered . 
 `` let 's go sit beside the d'denir across from them . '' 
 jewels , clod , and parlin hung back while tonk fah strolled away to watch the perimeter . 
 vivenna and denth approached the statue near the forgers . 
 denth spread out a blanket for her , then stood to the side , as if he were a manservant . 
 one of the men beside the other statue looked across as vivenna sat down ; then he nodded . 
 the others continued to eat . 
 the hallandren underground 's penchant for working in broad daylight still unnerved vivenna , but she supposed it had advantages over skulking about at night . 
 `` you want some work commissioned ? '' 
 the forger closest to her asked , just loudly enough that vivenna could hear . 
 it almost seemed part of his conversation with his friends . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` it costs . '' 
 `` i can pay . '' 
 `` you 're the princess everyone is talking about ? '' 
 she paused , noticing denth 's hand leisurely going to his sword hilt . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` good , '' the forger said . 
 `` royalty always seems to know how to handle itself . 
 what is it you desire ? '' 
 `` letters , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i want them to appear as if they were between certain members of the hallandren priesthood and the king of idris . 
 they need to have official seals and convincing signatures . '' 
 `` difficult , '' the man said . 
 vivenna pulled something from her dress pocket . 
 `` i have a letter written in king dedelin 's hand . 
 it has his seal on the wax , his signature at the bottom . '' 
 the man seemed intrigued , though she could only see the side of his face . 
 `` that makes it possible . 
 still hard . 
 what do you want these documents to prove ? '' 
 `` that these particular priests are corrupt , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i have a list on this sheet . 
 i want you to make it look like they 've been extorting idris for years , forcing our king to pay outrageous sums and make extreme promises in order to prevent war . 
 i want you to show that idris does n't want war and that the priests are hypocrites . '' 
 the man nodded . 
 `` is that everything ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` it can be done . 
 we 'll be in touch . 
 instructions and explanations are on the back of the paper ? '' 
 `` as requested , '' vivenna said . 
 the group of men stood , a servant moving forward to pack up their lunch . 
 as he did so , he let a napkin blow in the wind , then rushed over and picked it up , grabbing vivenna 's paper too . 
 soon , all of them were gone . 
 `` well ? '' 
 vivenna asked , looking up . 
 `` good , '' denth said , nodding to himself . 
 `` you 're becoming an expert . '' 
 vivenna smiled , settling back on her blanket to wait . 
 the next appointment consisted of a group of thieves who had stolen-at vivenna and denth 's request-various goods from the war offices in the hallandren bureaucratic building . 
 the documents were of relatively little import themselves , but their absence would cause confusion and frustration . 
 that appointment was n't for a few hours , which meant she could enjoy some time relaxing on the lawn , away from the unnatural colors of the city . 
 denth seemed to sense her inclination , and he sat down , leaning back against the side of the statue 's bare pedestal . 
 as vivenna waited , she saw that parlin was over talking to jewels again . 
 denth was right ; though his clothing looked ridiculous to her , that was because she knew him as an idrian . 
 looking at him more objectively , she saw that he fit in remarkably well with other young men in the city . 
 that 's well and good for him , vivenna thought with annoyance , looking away . 
 he can dress as he wishes-he does n't have to worry about his neckline or hemline . 
 jewels laughed . 
 it was almost a snort of derision , but there was some mirth in it . 
 vivenna looked back immediately , watching jewels roll her eyes at parlin , a self-effacing smirk on his face . 
 he knew he 'd said something wrong . 
 he did n't know what . 
 vivenna knew him well enough to read the expression and to know that he 'd just smile and go along with it . 
 jewels saw his face , then laughed again . 
 vivenna gritted her teeth . 
 `` i should send him back to idris , '' she said . 
 denth turned , looking down at her . 
 `` hum ? '' 
 `` parlin , '' she said . 
 `` i sent my other guides back . 
 i should have sent him too . 
 he serves no function . '' 
 `` he 's quick at adapting to situations , '' denth said . 
 `` and he 's trustworthy . 
 that 's good enough reason to keep him . '' 
 `` he 's a fool , '' vivenna said . 
 `` has trouble understanding half of what goes on around him . '' 
 `` he 's not got the wit of a scholar , true , but he seems to instinctively know how to blend in . 
 besides , we ca n't all be geniuses like you . '' 
 she glanced at denth . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means , '' denth said , `` that you should n't let your hair change colors in public , princess . '' 
 vivenna started , noticing that her hair had shifted from a still , calm black to the red of frustration . 
 lord of colors ! 
 she thought . 
 i used to be so good at controlling that . 
 what is happening to me ? 
 `` do n't worry , '' denth said , settling back . 
 `` jewels has no interest in your friend . 
 i promise you . '' 
 vivenna snorted . 
 `` parlin ? 
 why should i care ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' denth said . 
 `` maybe because you and he have been practically engaged since you were children ? '' 
 `` that 's completely untrue , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i 've been engaged to the god king since before my birth ! '' 
 `` and your father always wished you could marry the son of his best friend instead , '' denth said . 
 `` at least , that 's what parlin says . '' 
 he eyed her with a smirk . 
 `` that boy talks too much . '' 
 `` actually , he 's usually rather quiet , '' denth said . 
 `` you have to pry to get him to talk about himself . 
 either way , jewels has other ties . 
 so stop your worrying . '' 
 `` i 'm not worried , '' vivenna said . 
 `` and i 'm not interested in parlin . '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 vivenna opened her mouth to object , but she noticed tonk fah wandering over , and did n't want him to join this discussion as well . 
 she snapped her jaw shut as the hefty mercenary arrived . 
 `` flood , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` hum ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 `` rhymes with blood , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` now you can be poetic . 
 flood of blood . 
 it is a nice visual image . 
 far better than tastebud . '' 
 `` ah , i see , '' denth said flatly . 
 `` tonk fah ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` you 're an idiot . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 vivenna stood up and began to walk through the statues , studying them-if only to escape having to watch parlin and jewels . 
 tonk fah and denth trailed along behind at a comfortable distance , keeping a watchful eye . 
 there was a beauty to the statues . 
 they were n't like the other kinds of art in t'telir - flashy paintings , colorful buildings , exaggerated clothing . 
 the d'denir were solid blocks which had aged with dignity . 
 the hallandrens , of course , did their best to destroy this with the scarves , hats , or other colorful bits they tied on the stone memorials . 
 fortunately , there were too many in this garden for all to be decorated . 
 they stood , as if on guard , somehow more solid than much of the city . 
 most stared up into the sky or looked straight ahead . 
 each one was different , each pose distinct , each face unique . 
 it must have taken decades to create all of these , she thought . 
 perhaps that 's where the hallandren got their penchant for art . 
 hallandren was such a place of contradictions . 
 warriors to represent peace . 
 idrians who exploited and protected each other at the same time . 
 mercenaries who seemed to be among the best men she had ever known . 
 bright colors that created a kind of uniformity . 
 and , over it all , biochromatic breath . 
 it was exploitive , yet people like jewels saw giving up their breath as a privilege . 
 contradictions . 
 the question was , could vivenna afford to become another contradiction ? 
 a person who bent her beliefs in order to see that they were preserved ? 
 the breaths were wonderful . 
 it was more than just the beauty or the ability to hear changes in sound and sense intrinsically the distinct hues of color . 
 it was more even than the ability to sense life around her . 
 more than the sounds of the wind and the tones of people talking , or her ability to feel her way through a group of people and move easily with the motions of a crowd . 
 it was a connection . 
 the world around her felt close . 
 even inanimate things like her clothing or fallen twigs felt near to her . 
 they were dead , yet seemed to yearn for life again . 
 she could give it to them . 
 they remembered life and she could awaken those memories . 
 but what good would it do to save her people if she lost herself ? 
 denth does n't seem lost , she thought . 
 he and the other mercenaries can separate what they believe from what they are forced to do . 
 in her opinion , that was why people regarded mercenaries as they did . 
 if you divorced belief from action , then you were on dangerous ground . 
 no , she thought . 
 no awakening for me . 
 the breath would remain untapped . 
 if it tempted her too much further , she would give the lot away to somebody who had none . 
 and become a drab herself . 
 29 tell me about the mountains , susebron wrote . 
 siri smiled . 
 `` mountains ? '' 
 please , he wrote , sitting in his chair beside the bed . 
 siri lay on one side ; her bulky dress had been too hot for this evening , so she sat in her shift with a sheet over her , resting on one elbow so she could see what he wrote . 
 the fire crackled . 
 `` i do n't know what to tell you , '' she said . 
 `` i mean , the mountains are n't amazing like the wonders you have in t'telir . 
 you have so many colors , so much variety . '' 
 i think that rocks sticking from the ground and rising thousands of feet into the air count as a wonder , he wrote . 
 `` i guess , '' she said . 
 `` i liked it in idris-i did n't want to know anything else . 
 for someone like you , though , it would probably be boring . '' 
 more boring than sitting in the same palace every day , not allowed to leave , not allowed to speak , being dressed and pampered ? 
 `` okay , you win . '' 
 tell me of them , please . 
 his handwriting was getting very good . 
 plus , the more he wrote , the more he seemed to understand . 
 she wished so much that she could find him books to read-she suspected that he 'd absorb them quickly , becoming as learned as any of the scholars who had tried to tutor her . 
 and yet , all he had was siri . 
 he seemed to appreciate what she gave him-but that was probably only because he did n't know just how ignorant she was . 
 i suspect , she thought , that my tutors would laugh themselves silly if they knew how much i 'd come to regret ignoring them . 
 `` the mountains are vast , '' she said . 
 `` you ca n't really get a sense of it here , in the lowlands . 
 it 's by seeing them that you know just how insignificant people really are . 
 i mean , no matter how long we worked and built , we could never pile up anything as high as one of the mountains . 
 `` they 're rocks , like you said , but they 're not lifeless . 
 they 're green-as green as your jungles . 
 but it 's a different green . 
 i heard some of the traveling merchants complain that the mountains cut off their view , but i think you can see more . 
 they let you see the surface of the land as it extends upward , toward austre 's domain in the sky . '' 
 he paused . 
 austre ? 
 siri flushed , hair blushing as well . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i probably should n't talk about other gods in front of you . '' 
 other gods ? 
 he wrote . 
 like those in the court ? 
 `` no , '' siri said . 
 `` austre is the idrian god . '' 
 i understand , susebron wrote . 
 is he very handsome ? 
 siri laughed . 
 `` no , you do n't understand . 
 he 's not a returned , like you or lightsong . 
 he 's ... well , i do n't know . 
 did n't the priests mention other religions to you ? '' 
 other religions ? 
 he wrote . 
 `` sure , '' she said . 
 `` i mean , not everybody worships the returned . 
 the idrians like me worship austre , and the pahn kahl people-like bluefingers ... well , i do n't actually know what they worship , but it 's not you . '' 
 that is very strange to consider , he wrote . 
 if your gods are not returned , then what are they ? 
 `` not they , '' siri said . 
 `` just one . 
 we call him austre . 
 the hallandren used to worship him too before ... '' she almost said before they became heretics . 
 `` before peacegiver arrived , and they decided to worship the returned instead . '' 
 but who is this austre ? 
 he wrote . 
 `` he 's not a person , '' siri said . 
 `` he 's more of a force . 
 you know , the thing that watches over all people , who punishes those who do n't do what is right and who blesses those who are worthy . '' 
 have you met this creature ? 
 siri laughed . 
 `` of course not . 
 you ca n't see austre . '' 
 susebron frowned , looking at her . 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 `` it must seem silly to you . 
 but , well , we know he 's there . 
 when i see something beautiful in nature-when i look at the mountains , with their wildflowers growing in patterns that are somehow more right than a man could have planted-i know . 
 beauty is real . 
 that 's what reminds me of austre . 
 plus , we 've got the returned-including the first returned , vo . 
 he had the five visions before he died , and they must have come from somewhere . '' 
 but you do n't believe in worshiping the returned ? 
 siri shrugged . 
 `` i have n't decided yet . 
 my people teach strongly against it . 
 they 're not fond of the way that hallandren understand religion . '' 
 he sat quietly for a long moment . 
 so ... you do not like those such as me ? 
 `` what ? 
 of course i like you ! 
 you 're sweet ! '' 
 he frowned , writing . 
 i do n't think god kings are supposed to be `` sweet . '' 
 `` fine , then , '' she said , rolling her eyes . 
 `` you 're terrible and mighty . 
 awesome and deific . 
 and sweet . '' 
 much better , he wrote , smiling . 
 i should very much like to meet this austre . 
 `` i 'll introduce you to some monks sometime , '' siri said . 
 `` they should be able to help you with that . '' 
 now you are mocking me . 
 siri smiled as he looked up at her . 
 there was no hurt in his eyes . 
 he did n't appear to mind being mocked ; indeed , he seemed to find it very interesting . 
 he particularly liked trying to pick out when she was being serious and when she was n't . 
 he looked down again . 
 more than meeting with this god , however , i should like to see the mountains . 
 you seem to love them very much . 
 `` i do , '' siri said . 
 it had been a long time since she 'd thought of idris . 
 but as he mentioned it , she remembered the cool , open feeling of the meadows she had run through not so long ago . 
 the crispness of the chilly air-something that she suspected one could never find in hallandren . 
 plants in the court of gods were kept perfectly clipped , cultivated , and arranged . 
 they were beautiful , but the wild fields of her homeland had their own special feel . 
 susebron was writing again . 
 i suspect that the mountains are beautiful , as you have said . 
 however , i believe the most beautiful thing in them has already come down to me . 
 siri started , then flushed . 
 he seemed so open , not even a little embarrassed or shy about the bold compliment . 
 `` susebron ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` you have the heart of a charmer . '' 
 charmer ? 
 he wrote . 
 i must only speak what i see . 
 there is nothing so wonderful as you , even in my entire court . 
 the mountains must be special indeed , to produce such beauty . 
 `` see , now you 've gone too far , '' she said . 
 `` i 've seen the goddesses of your court . 
 they 're far more beautiful than i am . '' 
 beauty is not about how a person looks , susebron wrote . 
 my mother taught me this . 
 the travelers in my storybook must not judge the old woman ugly , for she might be a beautiful goddess inside . 
 `` this is n't a story , susebron . '' 
 yes it is , he wrote . 
 all of those stories are just tales told by people who lived lives before ours . 
 what they say about humankind is true . 
 i have watched and seen how people act . 
 he erased , then continued . 
 it is strange , for me , to interpret these things , for i do not see as normal men do . 
 i am the god king . 
 everything , to my eyes , has the same beauty . 
 siri frowned . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 i have thousands of breaths , he wrote . 
 it is hard to see as other people do-only through the stories of my mother can i understand their ways . 
 all colors are beauty in my eyes . 
 when others look at something-a person-one may sometimes seem more beautiful than another . 
 this is not so for me . 
 i see only the color . 
 the rich , wondrous colors that make up all things and gives them life . 
 i can not focus only on the face , as so many do . 
 i see the sparkle of the eyes , the blush of the cheeks , the tones of skin-even each blemish is a distinct pattern . 
 all people are wonderful . 
 he erased . 
 and so , when i speak of beauty , i must speak of things other than these colors . 
 and you are different . 
 i do not know how to describe it . 
 he looked up , and suddenly siri was aware of just how close they were to each other . 
 she , only in her shift , with the thin sheet covering her . 
 he , tall and broad , shining with a soul that made the colors of the sheets bend out like light through a prism . 
 he smiled in the firelight . 
 oh , dear ... she thought . 
 this is dangerous . 
 she cleared her throat , sitting up , flushing yet again . 
 `` well . 
 um , yes . 
 very nice . 
 thank you . '' 
 he looked back down . 
 i wish i could let you go home , to see your mountains again . 
 perhaps i could explain this to the priests . 
 she paled . 
 `` i do n't think it would be good to let them know that you can read . '' 
 i could use the artisan 's script . 
 it is very difficult to write , but they taught it to me so i could communicate with them , if i needed to . 
 `` still , '' she said . 
 `` telling them you want to send me home could hint that you 've been talking to me . '' 
 he stopped writing for a few moments . 
 maybe that would be a good thing , he wrote . 
 `` susebron , they 're planning to kill you . '' 
 you have no proof of that . 
 `` well , it 's suspicious , at least , '' she said . 
 `` the last two god kings died within months of producing an heir . '' 
 you 're too untrusting , susebron wrote . 
 i keep telling you . 
 my priests are good people . 
 she regarded him flatly , catching his eyes . 
 except for removing my tongue , he admitted . 
 `` and keeping you locked up , and not telling you anything . 
 look , even if they are n't planning to kill you , they know things they 're not telling you . 
 perhaps it 's something to do with biochroma-something that makes you die once your heir arrives . '' 
 she frowned , leaning back . 
 could that be it ? 
 she wondered suddenly . 
 `` susebron , how do you pass on your breaths ? '' 
 he paused . 
 i do n't know , he wrote . 
 i ... do n't know a lot about it . 
 `` i do n't either , '' she said . 
 `` can they take them from you ? 
 give them to your son ? 
 what if that kills you ? '' 
 they would n't do that , he wrote . 
 `` but maybe it 's possible , '' she said . 
 `` and maybe that 's what happens . 
 that 's why having a child is so dangerous ! 
 they have to make a new god king and it kills you to do so . '' 
 he sat with his board in his lap , then shook his head , writing . 
 i am a god . 
 i am not given breaths , i am born with them . 
 `` no , '' siri said . 
 `` bluefingers told me you 'd been collecting them for centuries . 
 that each god king gets two breaths a week , instead of one , building up his reserves . '' 
 actually , he admitted , some weeks i get three or four . 
 `` but you only need one a week to survive . '' 
 yes . 
 `` and they ca n't let that wealth die with you ! 
 they 're too afraid of it to let you use it , but they also ca n't let themselves lose it . 
 so , when a new child is born , they take the breath from the old king-killing him-and give it to the new one . '' 
 but returned can not use their breath for awakening , he wrote . 
 so my treasure of breaths is useless . 
 this gave her pause . 
 she had heard that . 
 `` does that mean only the breath you 're born with , or does it include the extra breaths that have been added on top ? '' 
 i do not know , he wrote . 
 `` i 'll bet you could use those extra breaths if you wanted , '' she said . 
 `` otherwise , why remove your tongue ? 
 you may not be able to access and use that breath that makes you returned in the first place , but you have thousands and thousands of breaths above that . '' 
 susebron sat for a few moments , and then finally he rose , walking across to the window . 
 he stared out at the darkness beyond . 
 siri frowned , then picked up his board and crossed the room . 
 she got off the bed and approached hesitantly , wearing only her shift . 
 `` susebron ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he continued to stare out the window . 
 she joined him , careful not to touch him , looking out . 
 colorful lights sparkled amidst the city beyond the wall of the court of gods . 
 beyond that was darkness . 
 the still sea . 
 `` please , '' she said , pushing the board into his hands . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he paused , then took it . 
 i am sorry , he wrote . 
 i do not wish to appear petulant . 
 `` is it because i keep challenging your priests ? '' 
 no , he wrote . 
 you have interesting theories , but i think they are just guesses . 
 you do not know that the priests plan what you claim . 
 that does n't bother me . 
 `` what is it , then ? '' 
 he hesitated , then erased with the sleeve of his robe . 
 you do not believe that the returned are divine . 
 `` i thought we already talked about this . '' 
 we did . 
 however , i realized now that this is the reason why you treat me as you do . 
 you are different because you do not believe in my godhood . 
 is that the only reason i find you interesting ? 
 and , if you do not believe , it makes me sad . 
 because a god is who i am , it is what i am , and if you do not believe in it , it makes me think you do not understand me . 
 he paused . 
 yes . 
 it does sound petulant . 
 i am sorry . 
 she smiled , then tentatively touched his arm . 
 he froze , looking down , but did n't pull back as he had times before . 
 so she moved up beside him , resting against his arm . 
 `` i do n't have to believe in you to understand you , '' she said . 
 `` i 'd say that those people who worship you are the ones who do n't understand . 
 they ca n't get close to you , see who you really are . 
 they 're too focused on the aura and the divinity . '' 
 he did n't respond . 
 `` and , '' she said , `` i 'm not different just because i do n't believe in you . 
 there are a lot of people in the palace who do n't believe . 
 bluefingers , some of the serving girls who wear brown , other scribes . 
 they serve you just as reverently as the priests . 
 i 'm just ... well , i 'm an irreverent type . 
 i did n't really listen to my father or the monks back home , either . 
 maybe that 's what you need . 
 someone who would be willing to look beyond your godhood and just get to know you . '' 
 he nodded slowly . 
 that is comforting , he wrote . 
 though , it is very strange to be a god whose wife does not believe in him . 
 wife , she thought . 
 sometimes that was tough to remember . 
 `` well , '' she said , `` i should think it would do every man good to have a wife who is n't as in awe of him as everyone else is . 
 somebody has to keep you humble . '' 
 humility is , i believe , somewhat opposite to godhood . 
 `` like sweetness ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he chuckled . 
 yes , just like that . 
 he put the board down . 
 then , hesitantly-a little frightened-he put his arm around her shoulders , pulling her closer as they looked out the window at the lights of a city that remained colorful , even at night . 
 <br/> blushweaver watched him for a second . 
 he looked at her , letting the lemons drop but snatching the guava out of the air . 
 he tossed it to a servant , who began peeling it for him . 
 `` my previous life , blushweaver . 
 these are skills that i-lightsong-have no right to know . 
 whomever i was before i died , he could juggle . 
 he knew about sailing . 
 and he could sketch . '' 
 `` we 're not supposed to worry about the people we were before , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` i 'm a god , '' lightsong said , taking back a plate containing the peeled and sliced guava , then offering a piece to blushweaver . 
 `` and , by kalad 's phantoms , i 'll worry about whatever i please . '' 
 she paused , then smiled and took a slice . 
 `` just when i thought i had you figured out ... '' `` you did n't have me figured out , '' he said lightly . 
 `` and neither did i . 
 that 's the point . 
 shall we go ? '' 
 she nodded , joining him as they began to cross the lawn , their servants bringing parasols to shade them . 
 `` you ca n't tell me that you 've never wondered , '' lightsong said . 
 `` my dear , '' she replied , sucking on a guava piece , `` i was boring before . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` because i was an ordinary person ! 
 i would have been ... well , have you seen regular women ? '' 
 `` their proportions are n't quite up to your standards , i know , '' he said . 
 `` but many are quite attractive . '' 
 blushweaver shivered . 
 `` please . 
 why would you want to know about your normal life ? 
 what if you were a murderer or a rapist ? 
 worse , what if you had bad fashion sense ? '' 
 he snorted at the twinkle in her eye . 
 `` you act so shallow . 
 but i see the curiosity . 
 you should try some of these things , let them tell you a little of who you were . 
 there must have been something special about you for you to have returned . '' 
 `` hum , '' she said , smiling and siding up to him . 
 he stopped as she ran her finger down the front of his chest . 
 `` well , if you 're trying new things today , maybe there 's something else you ought to think about ... . '' 
 `` do n't try to change the subject . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' she said . 
 `` but , how will you know who you were if you do n't try ? 
 it would be an ... experiment . '' 
 lightsong laughed , pushing her hand away . 
 `` my dear , i fear you would find me less than satisfactory . '' 
 `` i think you overestimate me . '' 
 `` that 's impossible . '' 
 she paused , flushing slightly . 
 `` uh ... '' lightsong said . 
 `` hum . 
 i did n't exactly mean ... '' `` oh , bother , '' she said . 
 `` now you 've spoiled the moment . 
 i was about to say something very clever , i just know it . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` both of us , at a loss for words in one afternoon . 
 i do believe we 're losing our touch . '' 
 `` my touch is perfectly fine , which you 'd discover if you 'd just let me show you . '' 
 he rolled his eyes and continued to walk . 
 `` you 're hopeless . '' 
 `` when all else fails , use sexual innuendo , '' she said lightly , joining him . 
 `` it always brings the focus back to where it belongs . 
 on me . '' 
 `` hopeless , '' he said again . 
 `` but , i doubt we have time for me to chastise you again . 
 we 've arrived . '' 
 indeed , hopefinder 's palace was before them . 
 lavender and silver , it had a pavilion out front prepared with three tables and food . 
 naturally , blushweaver and lightsong had arranged for the meeting ahead of time . 
 hopefinder the just , god of innocence and beauty , stood up as they approached . 
 he appeared to be about thirteen years old . 
 by apparent physical age , he was the youngest of the gods in the court . 
 but they were n't supposed to acknowledge such discrepancies . 
 after all , he 'd returned when his body had been two , which made him-in god years-lightsong 's senior by six years . 
 in a place where most gods did n't last twenty years , and the average age was probably closer to ten , six years difference was very significant . 
 `` lightsong , blushweaver , '' hopefinder said , stiff and formal . 
 `` welcome . '' 
 `` thank you , dear , '' blushweaver said , smiling at him . 
 hopefinder nodded , then gestured toward the tables . 
 the three small tables were separate , but set close enough together for the meal to remain intimate while giving each god his or her own space . 
 `` how have you been , hopefinder ? '' 
 lightsong asked , sitting . 
 `` very well , '' hopefinder said . 
 his voice always seemed a little too mature for his body . 
 like a boy trying to imitate his father . 
 `` there was a particularly difficult case during petitions this morning . 
 a mother with a child who was dying of the fevers . 
 she 'd already lost her other three , as well as her husband . 
 all in the space of a year . 
 tragic . '' 
 `` my dear , '' blushweaver said with concern . 
 `` you 're not actually considering ... passing your breath , are you ? '' 
 hopefinder sat . 
 `` i do n't know , blushweaver . 
 i am old . 
 i feel old . 
 perhaps it is time for me to go . 
 i 'm fifth most aged , you know . '' 
 `` yes , but with the times growing so exciting ! '' 
 `` exciting ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` why , they 're calming down . 
 the new queen is here , and my sources in the palace say that she 's pursuing her duties to produce an heir with great vigor . 
 stability will soon arrive . '' 
 `` stability ? '' 
 blushweaver asked as the servants bought them each a chilled soup . 
 `` hopefinder , i find it hard to believe that you 're so uninformed . '' 
 `` you think the idrians plan to use the new queen in a play for the throne , '' hopefinder said . 
 `` i know what you 've been doing , blushweaver . 
 i disagree . '' 
 `` and the rumors out in the city ? '' 
 blushweaver said . 
 `` the idrian agents who are causing such a ruckus ? 
 this so-called second princess somewhere in the city ? '' 
 lightsong paused , spoon halfway to his lips . 
 what was that ? 
 `` the city 's idrians are always creating one crisis or another , '' hopefinder said , waving his fingers dismissively . 
 `` what was that disturbance six months ago , the rebel on the outer dye plantations ? 
 he died in prison , i recall . 
 foreign workers rarely provide a stable societal underclass , but i do n't fear them . '' 
 `` they 've never claimed to have a royal agent working with them , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` things could get out of hand very quickly . '' 
 `` my interests in the city are quite secure , '' hopefinder said , lacing his fingers in front of him . 
 the servants took away his soup . 
 he 'd taken only three sips . 
 `` how about yours ? '' 
 `` that 's what this meeting is for , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` excuse me , '' lightsong said , raising a finger . 
 `` but what in the colors are we talking about ? '' 
 `` unrest in the city , lightsong , '' hopefinder said . 
 `` some of the locals are unsettled by the prospect of war . '' 
 `` they could turn dangerous very easily , '' blushweaver said , stirring her soup with a lazy motion . 
 `` i think that we should be prepared . '' 
 `` i am , '' hopefinder said , watching blushweaver with his too-young face . 
 like all younger returned-the god king included-hopefinder would continue to age until his body reached maturity . 
 then , he would stop aging-just over the brink into the prime adulthood-until he gave up his breath . 
 he acted so much like an adult . 
 lightsong had n't interacted much with children , but some of his attendants-when training-were youths . 
 hopefinder was not like those . 
 all accounts said that hopefinder , like other young returned , had matured very quickly during his first year of life , coming to think and speak as an adult while his body was still that of a young child . 
 hopefinder and blushweaver continued to talk about the stability of the city , mentioning various acts of vandalism that had occurred . 
 war plans stolen , city supply stations poisoned . 
 lightsong let them talk . 
 he does n't seem to find blushweaver 's beauty distracting , he thought as he watched . 
 she turned to the fruit course , acting characteristically lascivious as she sucked on pieces of pineapple . 
 hopefinder either did n't care , or did n't notice , as she leaned forward , showing an impressive amount of cl ** vage . 
 something is different about him , lightsong thought . 
 he returned when he was a child and acted like one for a very short time . 
 now , he 's an adult in some ways , but a child in others . 
 the transformation had made hopefinder more mature . 
 he was also taller and more physically impressive than ordinary boys his age , even if he did n't have the chiseled , majestic features of a fully grown god . 
 and yet , lightsong thought , eating a piece of pineapple , different gods have different body styles . 
 blushweaver is inhumanly well endowed , particularly for how thin she is . 
 yet mercystar is plump and curvaceous all around . 
 others , like allmother , look physically old . 
 lightsong knew he did n't deserve his powerful physique . 
 like the knowledge of how to juggle , he somehow understood that a person usually had to work hard at manual labor to have such a muscular body . 
 lounging about , eating and drinking , should have made him plump and flabby . 
 but there have been gods who were fat , he thought , remembering some of the pictures he had seen of returned who had come before him . 
 there was a time in our culture 's history when that was seen as the ideal ... . 
 did returned looks have something to do with the way society saw them ? 
 perhaps their opinion of ideal beauty ? 
 that would certainly explain blushweaver . 
 some things survived the transformation . 
 language . 
 skills . 
 and , as he thought about it , social competence . 
 considering the fact that the gods spent their lives locked up atop a plateau , they probably should have been far less well adjusted than they were . 
 at the very least , they should have been ignorant and naive . 
 yet most of them were consummate schemers , sophisticates with a surprisingly good grasp of what happened in the outside world . 
 memory itself did n't survive . 
 why ? 
 why could lightsong juggle and understand the meaning of the word `` bowsprit , '' yet at the same time be unable to remember who his parents had been ? 
 and who was that face he saw in his dreams ? 
 why had storms and tempests dominated his dreams lately ? 
 what was the red panther that had appeared , yet again , in his nightmares the night before ? 
 `` blushweaver , '' hopefinder said , holding up a hand . 
 `` enough . 
 before we go any further , i must point out that your obvious attempts to seduce me will gain you nothing . '' 
 blushweaver glanced away , looking embarrassed . 
 lightsong shook himself out of his contemplations . 
 `` my dear hopefinder , '' he said . 
 `` she was not trying to seduce you . 
 you must understand ; blushweaver 's aura of allure is simply a part of who she is ; it 's part of what makes her so charming . '' 
 `` regardless , '' he said . 
 `` i will not be swayed by it or by her paranoid arguments and fears . '' 
 `` my contacts do not think that these things are simple ` paranoia , ' '' blushweaver said as the fruit dishes were removed . 
 a small chilled fish fillet arrived next . 
 `` contacts ? '' 
 hopefinder asked . 
 `` and just who are these ` contacts ' you keep mentioning ? '' 
 `` people within the god king 's palace itself . '' 
 `` we all have people in the god king 's palace , '' hopefinder said . 
 `` i do n't , '' lightsong said . 
 `` can i have one of yours ? '' 
 blushweaver rolled her eyes . 
 `` my contact is quite important . 
 he hears things , knows things . 
 war is coming . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' he said , picking at his food , `` but that does n't really matter now , does it ? 
 you 're not here to get me to believe you . 
 you just want my army . '' 
 `` your codes , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` lifeless security phrases . 
 what will it cost us to get them ? '' 
 hopefinder picked at his fish some more . 
 `` do you know , blushweaver , why i find my existence so boring ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` honestly , i still think you 're bluffing on that count . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' he said . 
 `` eleven years . 
 eleven years of peace . 
 eleven years to grow to sincerely loathe this system of government we have . 
 we all attend the assembly court of judgment . 
 we listen to the arguments . 
 but most of us do n't matter . 
 in any given vote , only those with sway in that field have any real say over anything . 
 during war times , those of us with lifeless commands are important . 
 the rest of the time , our opinion rarely matters . 
 `` you want my lifeless ? 
 be welcome to them ! 
 i have had no opportunity to use them in eleven years , and i venture that another eleven will pass without incident . 
 i will give you those commands , blushweaver-but only in exchange for your vote . 
 you sit on the council of social ills . 
 you have an important vote practically every week . 
 in exchange for my security phrases , you must promise to vote in social matters as i say , from now until one of us dies . '' 
 the pavilion fell silent . 
 `` ah , so now you reconsider , '' hopefinder said , smiling . 
 `` i 've heard you complain about your duties in court-that you find your votes trivial . 
 well , it 's not so easy to let go of them , is it ? 
 your vote is all the influence you have . 
 it is n't flashy , but it is potent . 
 it - '' `` done , '' blushweaver said sharply . 
 hopefinder cut off . 
 `` my vote is yours , '' blushweaver said , meeting his eyes . 
 `` the terms are acceptable . 
 i swear it in front of your priests and mine , before another god even . '' 
 by the colors , lightsong thought . 
 she really is serious . 
 part of him had presumed , all along , that her posturing about the war was just another game . 
 yet the woman who stared hopefinder in the eyes was not playing . 
 she sincerely believed that hallandren was in danger , and she wanted to make certain that the armies were unified and prepared . 
 she cared . 
 and that left him worried . 
 what had he gotten himself into ? 
 what if there really was a war ? 
 as he watched the interaction of the two gods , he was left chilled by how easily and quickly they dealt with the fate of the hallandren people . 
 to hopefinder , his control of a quarter of the hallandren armies should have been a sacred obligation . 
 he was ready to toss that aside simply because he had grown bored . 
 who am i to chastise another 's lack of piety ? 
 lightsong thought . 
 i , who do n't even believe in my own divinity . 
 and yet ... at that moment , as hopefinder prepared to release his commands to blushweaver , lightsong thought he saw something . 
 like a remembered fragment of a memory . 
 a dream that he might never have dreamed . 
 a shining room , glowing , reflecting light . 
 a room of steel . 
 a prison . 
 `` servants and priests , withdraw , '' hopefinder commanded . 
 they retreated , leaving the three gods alone beside their half-eaten meals , pavilion silk flapping slightly in the wind . 
 `` the security phrase , '' hopefinder said , looking at blushweaver , `` is ' a candle by which to see . ' '' 
 it was the title of a famous poem ; even lightsong knew it . 
 blushweaver smiled . 
 speaking those words to any of hopefinder 's ten thousand lifeless in the barracks would allow her to override their current orders and take complete control of them . 
 lightsong suspected that by the end of the day , she 'd make the trip down to the barracks-which lay at the base of the court , and were considered part of it-and begin imprinting hopefinder 's soldiers with a new security phrase , known only to her and perhaps a few of her most trusted priests . 
 `` and now , i withdraw , '' hopefinder said , standing . 
 `` there is a vote this evening at the court . 
 you will attend , blushweaver , and you will cast your vote in favor of the reformist arguments . '' 
 with that , he left . 
 `` why do i feel like we 've just been manipulated ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` we only got manipulated , my dear , if there is n't war . 
 if there is , then we may have just set ourselves up to save the entire court-perhaps the kingdom itself . '' 
 `` how very altruistic of us , '' lightsong said . 
 `` we 're like that , '' blushweaver said as the servants returned . 
 `` so selfless at times it 's painful . 
 either way , that means we control two gods ' worth of lifeless . '' 
 `` mine and hopefinder 's ? '' 
 `` actually , '' she said , `` i was speaking of hopefinder 's and mercystar 's . 
 she confided hers to me yesterday , all the while talking about how comforting she found it that you 'd taken a personal interest in the incident at her palace . 
 that was very well done , by the way . '' 
 she seemed to be fishing for something . 
 lightsong smiled . 
 `` no , i did n't know that would encourage her to release her commands to you . 
 i was just curious . '' 
 `` curious about a murdered servant ? '' 
 `` actually , yes , '' lightsong said . 
 `` the death of a servant of the returned is quite disconcerting to me , particularly in its proximity to our own palaces . '' 
 blushweaver raised an eyebrow . 
 `` would i lie to you ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` only every time you claim you do n't want to sleep with me . 
 lies , brazen lies . '' 
 `` innuendo again , my dear ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' she said . 
 `` that was quite blatant . 
 regardless , i know that you are lying about that investigation . 
 what was the real purpose of it ? '' 
 lightsong paused , then sighed , shaking his head , waving for a servant to bring back the fruit-he liked that better . 
 `` i do n't know , blushweaver . 
 in all honesty , i 'm beginning to wonder if i might have been a kind of officer of the law in my previous life . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` you know , like city watch . 
 i was extremely good at interrogating those servants . 
 at least , that 's my own humble opinion . '' 
 `` which we 've already established is quite altruistic . '' 
 `` quite , '' he agreed . 
 `` i think this might explain how i ended up dying in a ` bold ' way , giving me my name . '' 
 blushweaver raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i just always assumed you were found in bed with a much younger woman and her father killed you . 
 seems far more bold than dying from stab wounds while trying to catch some petty thief . '' 
 `` your mockery slides right off of my altruistic humility . '' 
 `` ah , indeed . '' 
 `` either way , '' lightsong said , eating another chunk of pineapple . 
 `` i was a sheriff or investigator of some kind . 
 i 'll bet that if i ever got my hands on a sword , i 'd prove one of the best duelists this city has ever seen . '' 
 she regarded him for a moment . 
 `` you 're serious . '' 
 `` dead serious . 
 dead as a squirrel serious . '' 
 she paused , looking puzzled . 
 `` personal joke , '' he said , sighing . 
 `` but yes , i believe it . 
 though , there 's one thing i ca n't figure out . '' 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 `` how juggling lemons fits into it all . '' 
 31 i feel i have to ask one more time , '' denth said . 
 `` do we have to go through with this ? '' 
 denth walked with vivenna , tonk fah , jewels , and clod . 
 parlin had stayed behind at denth 's suggestion . 
 he was worried about the dangers of the meeting , and did n't want another body to keep track of . 
 `` yes , we have to go through this , '' vivenna said . 
 `` they 're my people , denth . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` princess , mercenaries are my people , and you do n't see me spending that much time with them . 
 they 're a smelly , annoying lot . '' 
 `` not to mention rude , '' tonk fah added . 
 vivenna rolled her eyes . 
 `` denth , i 'm their princess . 
 besides , you yourself said that they were influential . '' 
 `` their leaders are , '' denth said . 
 `` and they 'd be perfectly happy to meet with you on neutral ground . 
 going into the slums is n't necessary-the common people , they really are n't all that important '' she eyed him . 
 `` that is the difference between hallandren and idrians . 
 we pay attention to our people . '' 
 behind , jewels snorted in derision . 
 `` i 'm not hallandren , '' denth noted . 
 however , he let the statement drop as they approached the slums . 
 vivenna had to admit that as they grew closer , she did feel a little more apprehensive . 
 this slum felt different from the others . 
 darker , somehow . 
 something more than just the run-down shops and unrepaired streets . 
 small groups of men stood on street corners , watching her with suspicious eyes . 
 every once in a while , vivenna would catch a glimpse of a building with women in very revealing clothing-even for hallandren-hanging about the front . 
 some even whistled toward denth and tonk fah . 
 this was a foreign place . 
 everywhere else in t'telir , she felt like she did n't fit in . 
 here , she felt unwelcome . 
 distrusted . 
 even hated . 
 she steeled herself . 
 somewhere in this place was a group of tired , overworked , frightened idrians . 
 the threatening atmosphere made her feel even sorrier for her people . 
 she did n't know if they would be much help in trying to sabotage the hallandren war effort , but she did know one thing : she intended to help them . 
 if her people had slipped through the monarchy 's fingers , then it was her duty to try and pick them back up . 
 `` that look on your face , '' denth said . 
 `` what 's it for ? '' 
 `` i 'm worried about my people , '' she said , shivering as they passed a large group of street toughs dressed in black with red armbands , their faces stained and dirtied . 
 `` i came by this slum when parlin and i were searching for a new home . 
 i did n't want to get close , even though i 'd heard that rents were cheap . 
 i ca n't believe that my people are so oppressed that they would have to live somewhere in here , surrounded by all of this . '' 
 denth frowned . 
 `` surrounded by it ? '' 
 vivenna nodded . 
 `` living among prostitutes and gangs , having to walk past such things every day ... '' denth started laughing , startling her . 
 `` princess , '' he said , `` your people do n't live among prostitutes and gangs . 
 your people are the prostitutes and gangs . '' 
 vivenna stopped in the middle of the street . 
 `` what ? '' 
 denth glanced back at her . 
 `` this is the idrian quarter of the city . 
 these slums are called the highlands , for color 's sake . '' 
 `` impossible , '' she snapped . 
 `` very possible , '' denth replied . 
 `` i 've seen it in cities across the world . 
 immigrants gather , make a little enclave . 
 that enclave gets conveniently ignored by the rest of the city . 
 when roads are repaired , other places come first . 
 when guards are sent to patrol , they avoid the foreign sections . '' 
 `` the slum becomes its own little world , '' tonk fah said , walking up beside her . 
 `` everyone you pass in here is an idrian , '' denth said , waving for her to keep walking . 
 `` there 's a reason your kind have a bad reputation in the rest of the city . '' 
 vivenna felt a numb chillness . 
 no , she thought . 
 no , it 's not possible . 
 unfortunately , she soon began to see signs . 
 symbols of austre placed-unobtrusive by intention-in the corners of windowsills or on doorsteps . 
 people in grays and whites . 
 mementos of the highlands in the form of shepherd 's caps or wool cloaks . 
 and yet , if these people were of idris , then they 'd been completely corrupted . 
 colors marred their costumes , not to mention the air of danger and hostility they exuded . 
 and how could any idrian even think of becoming a prostitute ? 
 `` i do n't understand , denth . 
 we are a peaceful people . 
 a people of mountain villages . 
 we are open . 
 friendly . '' 
 `` that kind does n't last long in a slum , '' he said , walking beside her . 
 `` they change or they get beaten down . '' 
 vivenna shivered , feeling a stab of anger at hallandren . 
 i could have forgiven the hallandren for making my people poor . 
 but this ? 
 they 've made thugs and thieves out of caring shepherds and farmers . 
 they 've turned our women into prostitutes and our children to urchins . 
 she knew she should n't let herself get angry . 
 and yet , she had to grit her teeth and work very , very hard to keep her hair from bleeding to a smoldering red . 
 the images awoke something within her . 
 something she had consistently avoided thinking about . 
 hallandren has ruined these people . 
 just as it ruined me by dominating my childhood , by forcing me to honor the obligation to be taken and raped in the name of protecting my country . 
 i hate this city . 
 they were unseemly thoughts . 
 she could n't afford to hate hallandren . 
 she had been told that on many occasions . 
 she had trouble lately remembering why . 
 but she succeeded in keeping her hatred , and hair , under control . 
 a few moments later , thame joined them and led them the rest of the distance . 
 she had been told they would be meeting in a large park , but vivenna soon saw that the term `` park '' had been used loosely . 
 the plot of land was barren , strewn with garbage , and hemmed in by buildings on all sides . 
 her group stopped at the edge of this dreary garden and waited as thame went ahead . 
 people had gathered as thame had promised . 
 most were of the same type she had seen earlier . 
 men wearing dark , ominous colors and cynical expressions . 
 cocky street toughs . 
 women in the garb of prostitutes . 
 some worn-down older people . 
 vivenna forced on a smile , but it felt insincere , even to her . 
 for their benefit , she changed her hair color to yellow . 
 the color of happiness and excitement . 
 the people muttered among themselves . 
 thame soon returned and waved her forward . 
 `` wait , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i wanted to talk to the common people before we meet with the leaders . '' 
 thame shrugged . 
 `` if you wish ... '' vivenna stepped forward . 
 `` people of idris , '' she said . 
 `` i 've come to offer you comfort and hope . '' 
 the people continued to talk among themselves . 
 very few seemed to pay any attention to her at all . 
 vivenna swallowed . 
 `` i know that you 've had hard lives . 
 but i want to promise you that the king does care for you and want to support you . 
 i will find a way to bring you home . '' 
 `` home ? '' 
 one of the men said . 
 `` back to the highlands ? '' 
 vivenna nodded . 
 several people snorted at that comment , and a few trailed away . 
 vivenna watched them go with concern . 
 `` wait , '' she said . 
 `` do n't you want to hear me ? 
 i bring news from your king . '' 
 the people ignored her . 
 `` most of them just wanted confirmation that you were whom you were rumored to be , your highness , '' thame said quietly . 
 vivenna turned back toward the groups still talking quietly in the garden . 
 `` your lives can get better , '' she promised . 
 `` i will see you cared for . '' 
 `` our lives are already better , '' one of the men said . 
 `` there is nothing for us in the highlands . 
 i earn twice as much here as i did back there . '' 
 others nodded in agreement . 
 `` then why even come to see me ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` i told you , princess , '' thame said . 
 `` they 're patriots-they cling to being idrian . 
 city idrians . 
 we stick together , we do . 
 you being here , it means something to them , do n't worry . 
 they may seem indifferent , but they 'll do anything to get back at the hallandren . '' 
 austre , lord of colors , she thought , growing even more deeply upset . 
 these people are n't even idrians anymore . 
 thame called them `` patriots , '' but all she saw was a group held together by the eternal pressures of hallandren disdain . 
 she turned , giving up on her speech . 
 these people were not interested in hope or comfort . 
 they only wanted revenge . 
 she could use that , perhaps , but it made her feel dirty even to consider it . 
 thame led her and the others down a pathway beaten into the ugly field of weeds and trash . 
 near the far side of the `` park , '' they found a wide structure that was partially a storage shed , partially an open wooden pavilion . 
 she could see the leaders waiting inside . 
 there were three of them , each with his own complement of bodyguards . 
 she had been told of them ahead of time . 
 the leaders wore rich , vibrant t'telir colors . 
 slumlords . 
 vivenna felt her stomach twist . 
 all three of the men had at least the first heightening . 
 one of them had attained the third . 
 jewels and clod took their places outside the building , guarding vivenna 's escape route . 
 vivenna walked in and sat in the last open chair . 
 denth and tonk fah took up protective places behind her . 
 vivenna regarded the slumlords . 
 all three were variations on the same theme . 
 the one on the left looked most comfortable in his rich clothing . 
 that would be paxen-the `` gentleman idrian , '' he was called . 
 he 'd gotten his money from running brothels . 
 the one on the right looked like he needed a haircut to match his fine garments . 
 that would be ashu , who was known for running and funding underground fighting leagues where men could watch idrians box each other to unconsciousness . 
 the one in the center seemed the self-indulgent type . 
 he was sloppy-but in a purposefully relaxed way , perhaps because it was a nice accent to his handsome , youthful face . 
 rira , thame 's employer . 
 she reminded herself not to put too much stock in any facile interpretation of their appearances . 
 these were dangerous men . 
 the room was silent . 
 `` i 'm not sure what to say to you , '' vivenna said finally . 
 `` i came to find something that does n't exist . 
 i was hoping that the people still cared about their heritage . '' 
 rira leaned forward , sloppy clothing out of place compared with the clothing of the others in the room . 
 `` you 're our princess , '' he said . 
 `` daughter of our king . 
 we care about that . '' 
 `` kind of , '' said paxen . 
 `` really , princess , '' rira said . 
 `` we 're honored to meet with you . 
 and curious at your intentions in our city . 
 you 've been making quite a stir . '' 
 vivenna regarded them with a serious expression . 
 finally , she sighed . 
 `` you all know that war is coming . '' 
 rira nodded . 
 ashu , however , shook his head . 
 `` i 'm not convinced there will be war . 
 not yet . '' 
 `` it is coming , '' vivenna said sharply . 
 `` i promise you that . 
 my intentions in this city , therefore , are to make certain that the war goes as well for idris as possible . '' 
 `` and what would that entail ? '' 
 ashu asked . 
 `` a royal on the throne of hallandren ? '' 
 was that what she wanted ? 
 `` i just want our people to survive . '' 
 `` a weak middle ground , '' said paxen , polishing the top of his fine cane . 
 `` wars are fought to be won , your highness . 
 the hallandren have lifeless . 
 beat them , and they 'll just make more . 
 i think that an idrian military presence in the city would be an absolute necessity if you wanted to bring our homeland freedom . '' 
 vivenna frowned . 
 `` you think to overthrow the city ? '' 
 asked ashu . 
 `` if you do , what do we get out of it ? '' 
 `` wait , '' said paxen . 
 `` overthrow the city ? 
 are we sure we want to get involved in that sort of thing again ? 
 what of vahr 's failure ? 
 we all lost a lot of money in that venture . '' 
 `` vahr was from pahn kahl , '' said ashu . 
 `` not one of us at all . 
 i 'm willing to take another risk if there are real royals involved this time . '' 
 `` i did n't say anything about overthrowing the kingdom , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i just want to bring the people some hope . '' 
 or , at least , i did ... `` hope ? '' 
 asked paxen . 
 `` who cares about hope ? 
 i want commitments . 
 will titles be handed out ? 
 who gets the trade contracts if idris wins ? '' 
 `` you have a sister , '' rira said . 
 `` a third one , unmarried . 
 is her hand bargainable ? 
 royal blood could gain my support for your war . '' 
 vivenna 's stomach twisted . 
 `` gentlemen , '' she said in her diplomat 's voice , `` this is not about seeking personal gain . 
 this is about patriotism . '' 
 `` of course , of course , '' rira said . 
 `` but even patriots should earn rewards . 
 right ? '' 
 all three looked at her expectantly . 
 vivenna stood up . 
 `` i will be going , now . '' 
 denth , looking surprised , laid a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it took quite a bit of effort to set up this meeting . '' 
 `` i have been willing to work with thugs and thieves , denth , '' she said quietly . 
 `` but seeing these and knowing they 're my own people is too hard . '' 
 `` you judge us quickly , princess , '' rira said from behind , chuckling . 
 `` do n't tell me that you did n't expect this ? '' 
 `` expecting something is different from seeing it firsthand , rira . 
 i expected you three . 
 i did n't expect to see what had happened to our people . '' 
 `` and the five visions ? '' 
 rira asked . 
 `` you sweep in here , judge us beneath you , then sweep away ? 
 that 's not very idrian of you . '' 
 she turned back toward the men . 
 the long-haired ashu had already stood and was gathering his bodyguards to go , grumbling about the `` waste of time . '' 
 `` what do you know of being idrian ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` where is your obedience of austre ? '' 
 rira reached beneath his shirt , pulling out a small white disk , inscribed with his parents ' names . 
 an austrin charm of obedience . 
 `` my father carried me down here from the highlands , princess . 
 he died working the edgli fields . 
 i 've pulled myself up by the pain of my scraped , bleeding hands . 
 i worked very hard to make things better for your people . 
 when vahr spoke of revolution , i gave him coin to feed his supporters . '' 
 `` you buy breath , '' she said . 
 `` and you make prostitutes of house wives . '' 
 `` i live , '' he said . 
 `` and i make sure that everyone else has enough food . 
 will you do better for them ? '' 
 vivenna frowned . 
 `` i ... '' she fell silent as she heard the screams . 
 her life sense jolted her , warning of large groups of people approaching . 
 she spun as the slumlords cursed , standing . 
 outside , through the garden , she saw something terrible . 
 purple-and-yellow uniforms on hulking men with grey faces . 
 lifeless soldiers . 
 the city watch . 
 peasants scattered , screaming as the lifeless tromped into the garden , led by a number of uniformed living city guards . 
 denth cursed , shoving vivenna to the side . 
 `` run ! '' 
 he said , whipping his sword free . 
 `` but - '' tonk fah grabbed her arm , towing her out of the building as denth charged the guards . 
 the slumlords and their people were in disarray as they fled , though the city guards were quickly moving to cut off the exits . 
 tonk fah cursed , pulling vivenna into a small alleyway across from the garden . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she asked , heart thumping . 
 `` raid , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` should n't be too dangerous , unless ... '' blades sounded , metal clashing against metal , and the screams grew more desperate . 
 vivenna glanced backward . 
 the men from the slumlords ' groups , feeling trapped , had engaged the lifeless . 
 vivenna felt a sense of horror , watching the terrible , grey-faced men wade among the swords and daggers , ignoring wounds . 
 the creatures pulled out their weapons and began to attack . 
 men yelled and screamed , falling , bloody . 
 denth moved to defend the mouth of vivenna 's alleyway . 
 she did n't know where jewels had gone . 
 `` kalad 's phantoms ! '' 
 tonk fah cursed , pushing her ahead of him as they retreated . 
 `` those fools decided to resist . 
 now we 're in trouble . '' 
 `` but how did they find us ! '' 
 `` do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` do n't care . 
 they might be after you . 
 they might just be after those slumlords . 
 i hope we never find out . 
 keep moving ! '' 
 vivenna obeyed , rushing down the dark alleyway , trying to keep from tripping on her long dress . 
 it proved very impractical to run in , and tonk fah kept shooing her forward , looking back anxiously . 
 she heard grunts and echoing yells as denth fought something at the mouth of the alleyway . 
 vivenna and tonk fah burst out of the alleyway . 
 there , standing in the street waiting , was a group of five lifeless . 
 vivenna lurched to a halt . 
 tonk fah cursed . 
 the lifeless looked as if they were stone , their expressions eerily grim in the waning light . 
 tonk fah glanced backward , obviously decided that denth was n't going to be arriving anytime soon , then resignedly held his hands up and dropped his sword . 
 `` i ca n't take five on my own , princess , '' he whispered . 
 `` not lifeless . 
 we 'll have to let them arrest us . '' 
 vivenna slowly held her hands up as well . 
 the lifeless pulled out their weapons . 
 `` uh ... '' tonk fah said . 
 `` we surrender ? '' 
 the creatures charged . 
 `` run ! '' 
 he shouted , reaching down and snatching his sword off the ground . 
 vivenna stumbled to the side as several of the lifeless charged tonk fah . 
 she scrambled away as quickly as she could . 
 tonk fah tried to follow , but had to stop to defend himself . 
 she slowed , glancing back in time to see him ram his dueling blade through the neck of a lifeless . 
 the creature gushed something that was not blood . 
 three others got around tonk fah , though he did manage to whip his blade to the side , taking one in the back of the leg . 
 it fell to the cobbles . 
 two ran toward her . 
 vivenna watched them come , mind numb . 
 should she stay ? 
 try to help ... help how ? 
 something screamed within her . 
 that something was visceral and primal . 
 run ! 
 and she did . 
 she dashed away , overwhelmed with terror , taking the first corner she saw , ducking into an alleyway . 
 she raced for the other end , but in her haste she tripped on her skirt . 
 she hit the cobblestones roughly , crying out . 
 she heard footsteps behind her , and she yelled for help , ignoring her bruised elbow as she quickly tore her skirt off , leaving only her under breeches . 
 she scrambled to her feet , screaming again . 
 something darkened the other end of the alleyway . 
 a hulking figure with grey skin . 
 vivenna stopped , then spun . 
 the other two entered the alleyway behind her . 
 she backed against the wall , feeling suddenly cold . 
 shocked . 
 austre , god of colors , she thought , trembling . 
 please ... the three lifeless advanced on her , weapons drawn . 
 she looked down . 
 a bit of rope , frayed but still useful , sat in the refuse beside her discarded green skirt . 
 like everything else , the rope called to her . 
 as if it knew that it could live again . 
 she could n't sense the lifeless bearing down on her , but ironically she felt as if she could sense the rope . 
 could imagine it , twisting around legs , tying the creatures up . 
 those breaths you hold , denth had said . 
 they 're a tool . 
 almost priceless . 
 certainly powerful ... she glanced back at the lifeless , with their inhumanly human eyes . 
 she felt her heart thumping so hard it felt like someone was pounding on her chest . 
 she watched them approach . 
 and saw her death reflected in their unfeeling eyes . 
 tears on her face , she fell to her knees , trembling as she grabbed the rope . 
 she knew the mechanics . 
 her tutors had trained her . 
 she 'd need to touch the fallen skirt to drain color out of it . 
 `` come to life , '' she begged the rope . 
 nothing happened . 
 she knew the mechanics , but that obviously was n't enough . 
 she wept , eyes blurry . 
 `` please , '' she begged . 
 `` please . 
 save me . '' 
 the first lifeless reached her-the one who had cut her off at the far end of the alleyway . 
 she cringed , cowering to the dirty street . 
 the creature leaped over her . 
 she looked up in shock as the creature slammed its weapon into one of the others as they arrived . 
 vivenna blinked her eyes clear , and only then did she recognize the newcomer . 
 not denth . 
 not tonk fah . 
 a creature with skin as grey as that of the men attacking her , which was why she had n't recognized him at first . 
 clod . 
 he expertly took off the head of his first opponent , wielding his thick-bladed sword . 
 something clear sprayed from the neck of the beheaded creature as it fell backward , tumbling to the ground . 
 dead-apparently-as any man would have been . 
 clod blocked an attack from the remaining lifeless guard . 
 behind , in the mouth of the alleyway , two more appeared . 
 they charged as clod backed up , firmly planting one foot on either side of vivenna , his sword held before him . 
 it dripped clear liquid . 
 the remaining lifeless guard waited for the other two to approach . 
 vivenna trembled , too tired-too numb-to flee . 
 she glanced upward , and saw something almost human in clod 's eyes as he raised his sword against the three . 
 it was the first emotion she 'd seen in any lifeless , though she might have imagined it . 
 determination . 
 the three attacked . 
 she had assumed-in her ignorance back in idris-that lifeless were like decaying skeletons or corpses . 
 she 'd imagined them attacking in waves , lacking skill , but having relentless , dark power . 
 she 'd been wrong . 
 these creatures moved with proficiency and coordination , just as a human might . 
 except there was no speaking . 
 no yelling or grunting . 
 just silence as clod fended off one attack , then rammed his elbow into the face of a second lifeless . 
 he moved with a fluidity she had rarely seen , his skill matching the brief moment of dazzling speed that denth had displayed in the restaurant . 
 clod whipped his sword around and took the third lifeless in the leg . 
 one of the others , however , rammed his blade through clod 's stomach . 
 something clear squirted out both sides , spraying vivenna . 
 clod did n't even grunt as he brought his weapon around and took off a second head . 
 the lifeless guard died , falling to the ground and leaving his weapon sticking from clod 's stomach . 
 one of the other guards stumbled away , leg bleeding clear blood , and then it fell backward to the ground too . 
 clod efficiently turned his attention to the last standing lifeless , which did not retreat , but took an obviously defensive stance . 
 the stance did n't work ; clod took this last one down in a matter of seconds , slamming his sword repeatedly against that of his opponent before spinning it around in an unexpected motion and taking off his enemy 's sword hand . 
 that was followed by a blow to the stomach , dropping the creature . 
 in a final motion , he efficiently rammed his blade through the neck of a fallen creature , stopping it from trying to crawl toward vivenna , a knife in its hand . 
 the alleyway fell still . 
 clod turned toward her , eyes lacking emotion , square jaw and rectangular face set above a thick , muscled neck . 
 he began to twitch . 
 he shook his head , as if trying to clear his vision . 
 an awful lot of clear liquid was pouring from his torso . 
 he placed one hand against the wall , then slumped to his knees . 
 vivenna hesitated , then reached out a hand toward him . 
 her hand fell on his arm . 
 the skin was cold . 
 a shadow moved on the other side of the alleyway . 
 she looked up , apprehensive , still in shock . 
 `` aw , colors , '' tonk fah said , running forward , outfit wet with clear liquid . 
 `` denth ! 
 she 's here ! '' 
 he knelt down beside vivenna . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 she nodded dully , only barely aware that she was still holding her skirt in one hand . 
 that meant her legs-to just above her knees-were exposed . 
 she could n't find it in herself to care . 
 nor did she care that her hair was bleached white . 
 she just stared at clod , who knelt before her , head bowed , as if worshiping at some strange altar . 
 his weapon slipped from his twitching fingers and clanged to the cobbles . 
 his eyes stared forward , glassy . 
 tonk fah followed her gaze , looking at clod . 
 `` yeah , '' he said . 
 `` jewels is not going to be pleased . 
 come on , we need to get out of here . '' 
 32 he was always gone when siri awoke . 
 she lay in the deep , well-stuffed bed , morning light streaming through the window . 
 already , the day was growing warm , and even her single sheet was too hot . 
 she threw it off but remained on the bed , looking up at the ceiling . 
 she could tell from the sunlight that it was nearly noon . 
 she and susebron tended to stay up late talking . 
 that was probably a good thing . 
 some might see that she was getting up later and later each morning , and think that it was due to other activities . 
 she stretched . 
 at first , it had been strange to communicate with the god king . 
 as the days progressed , however , it was feeling more and more natural to her . 
 she found his writing-uncertain , unpracticed letters that explained such interesting thoughts-to be endearing . 
 if he spoke , she suspected that his voice would be kindly . 
 he was so tender . 
 she 'd never have expected that . 
 she smiled , sinking back into her pillow , idly wishing for him to still be there when she awoke . 
 she was happy . 
 that , also , was something she 'd never expected from hallandren . 
 she did miss the highlands , and her inability to leave the court of gods frustrated her , particularly considering the politics . 
 and yet there were other things . 
 marvelous things . 
 the brilliant colors , the performers , the sheer overwhelming experience of t'telir . 
 and there was the opportunity to speak with susebron each night . 
 her brashness had been such a shame and an embarrassment to her family , but susebron found it fascinating , even alluring . 
 she smiled again , letting herself dream . 
 however , real life began to intrude . 
 susebron was in danger . 
 real , serious danger . 
 he refused to believe that his priests could bear him any sort of malice or be a threat . 
 that same innocence which made him so appealing was also a terrible liability . 
 but what to do ? 
 nobody else knew of his predicament . 
 there was only one person who could help him . 
 that person , unfortunately , was n't up to the task . 
 she had ignored her lessons , and had come to her fate wholly unprepared . 
 so what ? 
 a part of her mind whispered . 
 siri stared at the ceiling . 
 she found it hard to summon her customary shame at having ignored her lessons . 
 she 'd made a mistake . 
 how much time was she going to spend moping , annoyed at herself for something done and gone ? 
 all right , she told herself . 
 enough excuses . 
 i might not have prepared as well as i should , but i 'm here , now , and i need to do something . 
 because nobody else will . 
 she climbed out of bed , running her fingers through her long hair . 
 susebron liked it long-he found it as fascinating as her serving women did . 
 with them to help her care for it , the length was worth the trouble . 
 she folded her arms , wearing only her shift , pacing . 
 she needed to play their game . 
 she hated thinking of it that way . 
 `` game '' implied small stakes . 
 this was no game . 
 it was the god king 's life . 
 she searched through her memory , dredging up what scraps she could from her lessons . 
 politics was about exchanges . 
 it was about giving what you had-or what you implied that you had-in order to gain more . 
 it was like being a merchant . 
 you started with a certain stock , and by the end of the year , you hoped to have increased that stock . 
 or maybe even have changed it into a completely different and better stock . 
 do n't make too many waves until you 're ready to strike , lightsong had told her . 
 do n't appear too innocent , but do n't appear too smart either . 
 be average . 
 she stopped beside the bed then gathered up the bedsheets and towed them over to the smoldering fire to burn , as was her daily chore . 
 exchanges , she thought , watching the sheets catch fire in the large hearth . 
 what do i have to trade or exchange ? 
 not much . 
 it would have to do . 
 she walked over and pulled open the door . 
 as usual , a group of serving women waited outside . 
 siri 's standard ladies moved around her , bringing clothing . 
 another group of servants , however , moved to tidy the room . 
 several of these wore brown . 
 as her servants dressed her , she watched one of the girls in brown . 
 at a convenient moment , siri stepped over , putting a hand on the girl 's shoulder . 
 `` you 're from pahn kahl , '' siri said quietly . 
 the girl nodded , surprised . 
 `` i have a message i want you to give to bluefingers , '' siri whispered . 
 `` tell him i have vital information he needs to know . 
 i 'd like to trade . 
 tell him it could change his plans drastically . '' 
 the girl paled , but nodded , and siri stepped back to continue dressing . 
 several of the other serving women had heard the exchange , but it was a sacred tenet of the hallandren religion that the servants of a god were n't to repeat what they heard in confidence . 
 hopefully that would hold true . 
 if it did n't , then she had n't really given that much away . 
 now she just had to decide just what `` vital information '' she had , and why exactly bluefingers should care about it . 
 <br/> `` the first returned was born during this time , '' hoid said , sprinkling a handful of silver glitter into the air before him . 
 `` aboard a ship that was sailing the coast . 
 returned can now be found in all parts of the world , but the first one-the man whom you call vo , but we name only by his title-was born here , in the waters of this very bay . 
 he declared the five visions . 
 he died a week later . 
 `` the men of his ship founded a kingdom upon these beaches , then called hanald . 
 before their arrival , all that had existed in these jungles was the people of pahn kahl , more a mere collection of fishing villages than a true kingdom . '' 
 the glitter ran out , and hoid began to drop a powdery brown dirt from his other hand as he reached into another pocket . 
 `` now , you may wonder why i must travel back so far . 
 should i not speak of the manywar , of the shattering of kingdoms , of the five scholars , of kalad the usurper and his phantom army , which some say still hides in these jungles , waiting ? 
 `` those are the events we focus upon , the ones men know the best . 
 to speak only of them , however , is to ignore the history of three hundred years that led up to them . 
 would there have been a manywar without knowledge of the returned ? 
 it was a returned , after all , who predicted the war and prompted strifelover to attack the kingdoms across the mountains . '' 
 `` strifelover ? '' 
 siri interrupted . 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' hoid said , switching to a black dust . 
 `` strifelover . 
 another name for kalad the usurper . '' 
 `` that sounds like the name of a returned . '' 
 hoid nodded . 
 `` indeed , '' he said . 
 `` kalad was returned , as was peacegiver , the man who overthrew him and founded hallandren . 
 we have n't arrived at that part yet . 
 we are still back in hanald , the outpost-become-kingdom founded by the men of the first returned 's crew . 
 they were the ones who chose the first returned 's wife as their queen , then used the tears of edgli to create fantastic dyes which sold for untold riches across the world . 
 this soon became a bustling center of trade . '' 
 he removed a handful of flower petals and began to let them fall before him . 
 `` the tears of edgli . 
 the source of hallandren wealth . 
 such small things , so easy to grow here . 
 and yet , this is the only soil where they will live . 
 in other parts of the world , dyes are very difficult to produce . 
 expensive . 
 some scholars say that the manywar was fought over these flower petals , that the kingdoms of kuth and huth were destroyed by little drips of color . '' 
 the petals fell to the floor . 
 `` but only some of the scholars say that , storyteller ? '' 
 lightsong said . 
 siri turned , having almost forgotten that he was with her . 
 `` what do the rest say ? 
 why was the manywar fought in their opinions ? '' 
 the storyteller fell silent for a moment . 
 and then he pulled out two handfuls and began to release dust of a half-dozen different colors . 
 `` breath , your grace . 
 most agree that the manywar was not only about petals squeezed dry , but a much greater prize . 
 people squeezed dry . 
 `` you know , perhaps , that the royal family was growing increasingly interested in the process by which breath could be used to bring objects to life . 
 awakening , it was then first being called . 
 it was a fresh and poorly understood art , then . 
 it still is , in many ways . 
 the workings of the souls of men-their power to animate ordinary objects and the dead to life-is something discovered barely four centuries ago . 
 a short time , by the accounting of gods . '' 
 `` unlike a court proceeding , '' lightsong mumbled , glancing over at the priests who were still talking about sanitation . 
 `` those seem to last an eternity , according to the accounting of this god . '' 
 the storyteller did n't break stride at the interruption . 
 `` breath , '' he said . 
 `` the years leading up to the manywar , those were the days of the five scholars and the discovery of new commands . 
 to some , this was a time of great enlightenment and learning . 
 others call them the darkest days of men , for it was then we learned to best exploit one another . '' 
 he began to drop two handfuls of dust , one bright yellow , the other black . 
 siri watched , amused . 
 he seemed to be slanting what he said toward her , careful not to offend her idris sensibilities . 
 what did she really know of breath ? 
 she 'd rarely even seen any awakeners in the court . 
 even when she did , she did n't really care . 
 the monks had spoken against such things , but , well , she had paid about as much attention to them as she had to her tutors . 
 `` one of the five scholars made a discovery , '' hoid continued , dropping a handful of white scraps , small torn pieces of paper with writing on them . 
 `` commands . 
 methods . 
 the means by which a lifeless could be created from a single breath . 
 `` this , perhaps , seems a small thing to you . 
 but you must look at the past of this kingdom and its founding . 
 hallandren began with the servants of a returned and was developed by an expansive mercantile effort . 
 it controlled a uniquely lucrative region which , through the discovery and maintenance of the northern passes-combined with increasingly skillful navigation-was becoming a jewel coveted by the rest of the world . '' 
 he paused and his second hand came up , dropping little bits of metal , which fell to the stonework with a sound not unlike falling rain . 
 `` and so the war came , '' he said . 
 `` the five scholars split , joining different sides . 
 some kingdoms gained the use of lifeless while others did not . 
 some kingdoms had weapons others could only envy . 
 `` to answer the god 's question , my story claims one other reason for the manywar : the ability to create lifeless so cheaply . 
 before the discovery of the single-breath command , lifeless took fifty breaths to make . 
 extra soldiers-even a lifeless one-are of limited use if you can gain only one for every fifty men you already have . 
 however , being able to create a lifeless with a single breath ... one for one ... that will double your troops . 
 and half of them wo n't need to eat . '' 
 the metal stopped falling . 
 `` lifeless are no stronger than living men , '' hoid said . 
 `` they are the same . 
 they are not more skilled than living men . 
 they are the same . 
 however , not having to eat like regular men ? 
 that advantage was enormous . 
 mix that with their ability to ignore pain and never feel fear ... and suddenly you had an army that others could not stand against . 
 it was taken even further by kalad , who was said to have created a new and more powerful type of lifeless , gaining an advantage even more frightening . '' 
 `` what kind of new lifeless ? '' 
 siri asked , curious . 
 `` nobody remembers , your majesty , '' hoid explained . 
 `` the records of that time have been lost . 
 some say they were burned intentionally . 
 whatever the true nature of kalad 's phantoms , they were frightening and terrible-so much so that even though the details have been lost in time , the phantoms themselves live on in our lore . 
 and our curses . '' 
 `` do they really still exist out there ? '' 
 siri asked , shivering slightly , glancing toward the unseen jungles . 
 `` like the stories say ? 
 an unseen army , waiting for kalad to return and command them again ? '' 
 `` alas , '' hoid said , `` i can tell only stories . 
 as i said , so much from that time is lost to us now . '' 
 `` but we know of the royal family , '' siri said . 
 `` they broke away because they did n't agree with what kalad was doing , right ? 
 they saw moral problems with using lifeless ? '' 
 the storyteller hesitated . 
 `` why , yes , '' he finally said , smiling through his beard . 
 `` yes , they did , your majesty . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` psst , '' lightsong said , leaning in . 
 `` he 's lying to you . '' 
 `` your grace , '' the storyteller said , bowing deeply . 
 `` i beg your pardon . 
 there are diverging explanations ! 
 why , i am a teller of stories-all stories . '' 
 `` and what do other stories say ? '' 
 siri asked . 
 `` none of them agree , your majesty , '' hoid said . 
 `` your people speak of religious indignation and of treachery by kalad the usurper . 
 the pahn kahl people tell of the royal family working hard to gain powerful lifeless and awakeners , then being surprised when their tools turned against them . 
 in hallandren , they tell of the royal family aligning themselves with kalad , making him their general and ignoring the will of the people by seeking war with bloodlust . '' 
 he looked up , and then began to trail two handfuls of black , burned charcoal . 
 `` but time burns away behind us , leaving only ash and memory . 
 that memory passes from mind to mind , then finally to my lips . 
 when all is truth , and all are lies , does it matter if some say the royal family sought to create lifeless ? 
 your belief is your own . '' 
 `` either way , the returned took control of hallandren , '' she said . 
 `` yes , '' hoid said . 
 `` and they gave it a new name , a variation on the old one . 
 and yet , some still speak regretfully of the royals who left , bearing the blood of the first returned to their highlands . '' 
 siri frowned . 
 `` blood of the first returned ? '' 
 `` yes , of course , '' hoid said . 
 `` it was his wife , pregnant with his child , who became the first queen of this land . 
 you are his descendant . '' 
 she sat back . 
 lightsong turned , curious . 
 `` you did n't know this ? '' 
 he asked , in a tone lacking his normal flippancy . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` if this fact is known to my people , we do not speak of it . '' 
 lightsong seemed to find that interesting . 
 down below , the priests were moving on to a different topic-something about security in the city and increasing patrols in the slums . 
 she smiled , sensing a subtle way to get to the questions she really wanted to ask . 
 `` that means that the god kings of hallandren carried on without the blood of the first returned . '' 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' hoid said , crumbling clay out into the air before him . 
 `` and how many god kings have there been ? '' 
 `` five , your majesty , '' the man said . 
 `` including his immortal majesty , lord susebron , but not including peacegiver . '' 
 `` five kings , '' she said . 
 `` in three hundred years ? '' 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' hoid said , bringing out a handful of golden dust , letting it fall before him . 
 `` the dynasty of hallandren was founded at the conclusion of the manywar , the first one gaining his breath and life from peacegiver himself , who was revered for dispelling kalad 's phantoms and bringing a peaceful end to the manywar . 
 since that day , each god king has fathered a stillborn son who then returned and took his place . '' 
 siri leaned forward . 
 `` wait . 
 how did peacegiver create a new god king ? '' 
 `` ah , '' hoid said , switching back to sand with his left hand . 
 `` now there is a story lost in time . 
 how indeed ? 
 breath can be passed from one man to another , but breath-no matter how much-does not make one a god . 
 legends say that peacegiver died by granting his breath to his successor . 
 after all , can a god not give his life away to bless another ? '' 
 `` not exactly a sign of mental stability , in my opinion , '' lightsong said , waving for some more grapes . 
 `` you do n't encourage confidence in our predecessors , storyteller . 
 besides , even if a god gives away his breath , it does n't make the recipient divine . '' 
 `` i only tell stories , your grace , '' hoid repeated . 
 `` they may be truths , they may be fictions . 
 all i know is that the stories themselves exist and that i must tell them . '' 
 with as much flair as possible , siri thought , watching him reach into yet another pocket and pull free a handful of small bits of grass and earth . 
 he let bits fall slowly between his fingers . 
 `` i speak of foundations , your grace , '' hoid said . 
 `` peacegiver was no ordinary returned , for he managed to stop the lifeless from rampaging . 
 indeed , he sent away kalad 's phantoms , which formed the main bulk of the hallandren army . 
 by doing so , he left his own people powerless . 
 he did so in an effort to bring peace . 
 by then , of course , it was too late for kuth and huth . 
 however , the other kingdoms-pahn kahl , tedradel , gys , and hallandren itself-were brought out of the conflict . 
 `` can we not assume more from this god of gods who was able to accomplish so much ? 
 perhaps he did do something unique , as the priests claim . 
 leave some seed within the god kings of hallandren , allowing them to pass their power and divinity from father to son ? '' 
 heritage which would give them a claim to rule , siri thought , idly slipping a sliced grape into her mouth . 
 with such an amazing god as their progenitor , they could become god kings . 
 and the only one who could threaten them would be ... the royal family of idris , who can apparently trace their line back to the first returned . 
 another heritage of divinity , a challenger for rightful rule in hallandren . 
 that did n't tell her how the god kings had died . 
 nor did it tell her why some gods-such as the first returned-could bear children , while others could not . 
 `` they 're immortal , correct ? '' 
 siri asked . 
 hoid nodded , smoothly dropping the rest of his grass and dirt , moving into a different discussion by bringing forth a handful of white powder . 
 `` indeed , your majesty . 
 like all returned , the god kings do not age . 
 agelessness is a gift for all who reach the fifth heightening . '' 
 `` but why have there been five god kings ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` why did the first one die ? '' 
 `` why do any returned pass on , your majesty ? '' 
 hoid asked . 
 `` because they are loony , '' lightsong said . 
 the storyteller smiled . 
 `` because they tire . 
 gods are not like ordinary men . 
 they come back for us , not for themselves , and when they can no longer endure life , they pass on . 
 god kings live only as long as it takes them to produce an heir . '' 
 siri started . 
 `` that 's commonly known ? '' 
 she asked , then cringed slightly at the potentially suspicious comment . 
 `` of course it is , your majesty , '' the storyteller said . 
 `` at least , to storytellers and scholars . 
 each god king has passed from this world shortly after his son and heir was born . 
 it is natural . 
 once the heir has arrived , the god king grows restless . 
 each one has sought out an opportunity to use up his breath to benefit the realm . 
 and then ... '' he threw up a hand , snapping his fingers , throwing up a little spray of water , which puffed to mist . 
 `` and then they pass on , '' he said . 
 `` leaving their people blessed and their heir to rule . '' 
 the group fell silent , the mist evaporating in front of hoid . 
 `` not exactly the most pleasant thing to inform a newlywed wife , storyteller , '' lightsong noted . 
 `` that her husband is going to grow bored with life as soon as she bears him a son ? '' 
 `` i seek not to be charming , your grace , '' hoid said , bowing . 
 at his feet , the various dusts , sands , and glitters mixed together in the faint breeze . 
 `` i only tell stories . 
 this one is known to most . 
 i should think that her majesty would like to be aware of it as well . '' 
 `` thank you , '' siri said quietly . 
 `` it was good of you to speak of it . 
 tell me , where did you learn such an ... unusual method of storytelling ? '' 
 hoid looked up , smiling . 
 `` i learned it many , many years ago from a man who did n't know who he was , your majesty . 
 it was a distant place where two lands meet and gods have died . 
 but that is unimportant . '' 
 siri ascribed the vague explanation to hoid 's desire to create a suitably romantic and mysterious past for himself . 
 of far more interest to her was what he 'd said about the god kings ' deaths . 
 so there is an official explanation , she thought , stomach twisting . 
 and it 's actually a pretty good one . 
 theologically , it makes sense that the god kings would depart once they had arranged for a suitable successor . 
 but that does n't explain how peacegiver 's treasure-that wealth of breath-passes from god king to god king when they have no tongues . 
 and it does n't explain why a man like susebron would get tired of life when he seems so excited by it . 
 the official story would work fine for those who did n't know the god king . 
 it fell flat for siri . 
 susebron would never do such a thing . 
 not now . 
 yet ... would things change if she bore him a son ? 
 would susebron grow tired of her that easily ? 
 `` maybe we should be hoping for old susebron to pass , my queen , '' lightsong said idly , picking at the grapes . 
 `` you were forced into all this , i suspect . 
 if susebron died , you might even be able to go home . 
 no harm done , people healed , new heir on the throne . 
 everyone is either happy or dead . '' 
 the priests continued to argue below . 
 hoid bowed , waiting for dismissal . 
 happy ... or dead . 
 her stomach twisted . 
 `` excuse me , '' she said , rising . 
 `` i would like to walk about a bit . 
 thank you for your storytelling , hoid . '' 
 with that-entourage in tow-she quickly left the pavilion , preferring that lightsong not see her tears . 
 33 jewels worked quietly , ignoring vivenna and pulling another stitch tight . 
 clod 's guts-intestines , stomach , and some other things vivenna did n't want to identify-lay on the floor beside him , carefully pulled out and arranged so that they could be repaired . 
 jewels was working on the intestines at the moment , sewing with a special thick thread and curved needle . 
 it was gruesome . 
 and yet it did n't really affect vivenna , not after the shock she 'd had earlier . 
 they were in the safe house . 
 tonk fah had gone to scout the regular house to see if parlin was all right . 
 denth was downstairs , fetching something . 
 vivenna sat on the floor . 
 she 'd changed to a long dress , purchased on the way-her skirt was filthy from its time in the mud-and she sat with legs pulled up against her chest . 
 jewels continued to ignore vivenna , working atop a sheet on the floor . 
 she was muttering to herself , still angry . 
 `` stupid thing , '' jewels said under her breath . 
 `` ca n't believe we let you get hurt like this just to protect her . '' 
 hurt . 
 did that even mean anything to a creature like clod ? 
 he was awake ; she could see that his eyes were open . 
 what was the point of sewing up his insides ? 
 would they heal ? 
 he did n't need to eat . 
 why bother with intestines ? 
 vivenna shivered , looking away . 
 she felt , in a way , as if her own insides had been ripped out . 
 exposed . 
 for the world to see . 
 vivenna closed her eyes . 
 hours later , and she was still shaking from the terror of huddling in that alleyway , thinking that she 'd be dead in a moment . 
 what had she learned about herself when finally threatened ? 
 modesty had meant nothing-she 'd pulled off her skirt rather than let it trip her again . 
 her hair had meant nothing ; she 'd ignored it as soon as the danger arrived . 
 her religion , apparently , meant nothing . 
 not that she 'd been able to use the breath-she had n't even managed to commit blasphemy successfully . 
 `` i 'm half-tempted to just leave , '' jewels muttered . 
 `` you and i. go away . '' 
 clod began to shuffle , and vivenna opened her eyes to see him trying to stand up , even though his insides were hanging out . 
 jewels swore . 
 `` lie back down , '' she hissed , barely audible . 
 `` colors-cursed thing . 
 howl of the sun . 
 go inactive . 
 howl of the sun . '' 
 vivenna watched as clod lay down and then stopped moving . 
 they might obey commands , she thought . 
 but they are n't very smart . 
 it tried to walk out , obeying jewels 's apparent command to `` go away . '' 
 and what was that nonsense jewels had said about the sun ? 
 was that one of the security phrases denth had mentioned ? 
 vivenna heard footsteps on the stairs leading down to the cellar , and then the door opened and denth appeared . 
 he closed the door , then came over and handed jewels something that looked like a large wineskin . 
 the woman took it and immediately turned back to her work . 
 denth walked over and sat down beside vivenna . 
 `` they say a man does n't know himself until he faces death for the first time , '' he said in a conversational tone . 
 `` i do n't know about that . 
 it seems to me that the person you are when you 're about to die is n't as important as the person you are during the rest of your life . 
 why should a few moments matter more than an entire lifetime ? '' 
 vivenna did n't respond . 
 `` everyone gets scared , princess . 
 even brave men sometimes run the first time they see battle . 
 in armies , that 's why there 's so much training . 
 the ones who hold are n't the courageous ones , they 're the well-trained ones . 
 we have instincts like any other animal . 
 they take over sometimes . 
 that 's all right . '' 
 vivenna continued to watch as jewels carefully placed the intestines back into clod 's belly . 
 she took out a small package and removed something that looked like a strip of meat . 
 `` you did well , actually , '' denth said . 
 `` kept your wits about you . 
 did n't freeze . 
 found the quickest way out . 
 i 've protected some people who will just stand there and die unless you shake them and force them to run . '' 
 `` i want you to teach me awakening , '' vivenna whispered . 
 he started , glancing at her . 
 `` do you ... want to think about that a bit first ? '' 
 `` i have , '' she whispered , arms around knees , chin resting against them . 
 `` i thought i was stronger than i am . 
 i thought i 'd rather die than use it . 
 that was a lie . 
 in that moment , i would have done anything to survive . '' 
 denth smiled . 
 `` you 'd make a good mercenary . '' 
 `` it 's wrong , '' she said , still staring forward . 
 `` but i ca n't claim to be pure anymore . 
 i might as well understand what i have . 
 use it . 
 if that damns me , then so be it . 
 at least it will have helped me survive long enough to destroy the hallandren . '' 
 denth raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you want to destroy them now , eh ? 
 no more simple sabotage and undermining ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i want this kingdom overthrown , '' she whispered . 
 `` just like the slumlords said . 
 it can corrupt those poor people . 
 it can corrupt even me . 
 i hate it . '' 
 `` i - '' `` no , denth , '' vivenna said . 
 her hair bled to a deep red , and for once she did n't care . 
 `` i really hate it . 
 i 've always hated this people . 
 they took my childhood . 
 i had to prepare . 
 become their queen . 
 get ready to marry their god king . 
 everyone said he was unholy and a heretic . 
 yet i was supposed to have sex with him ! 
 `` i hate this entire city , with its colors and its gods ! 
 i hate the fact that it stole away my life , then demanded that i leave behind all that i love ! 
 i hate the busy streets , the placating gardens , the commerce , and the suffocating weather . 
 `` i hate their arrogance most of all . 
 thinking they could push my father around , force him into that treaty twenty years ago . 
 they 've controlled my life . 
 dominated it . 
 ruined it . 
 and now they have my sister . '' 
 she drew in a deep breath through gritted teeth . 
 `` you 'll have your vengeance , princess , '' denth whispered . 
 she looked at him . 
 `` i want them to hurt , denth . 
 the attack today was n't about subduing a rebellious element . 
 the hallandren sent those soldiers in to kill . 
 kill the poor that they created . 
 we 're going to stop them from doing things like that . 
 i do n't care what it takes . 
 i 'm tired of being pretty and nice and ignoring ostentation . 
 i want to do something . '' 
 denth nodded slowly . 
 `` all right . 
 we 'll change course , start making our attacks a little more painful . '' 
 `` good , '' she said . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , feeling frustrated , wishing that she was strong enough to keep all of these emotions away . 
 but she was n't . 
 she 'd kept them in too long . 
 that was the problem . 
 `` this was never about your sister , was it ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 `` coming here ? '' 
 she shook her head , eyes still shut . 
 `` why , then ? '' 
 `` i had trained all of my life , '' she whispered . 
 `` i was the one who would sacrifice herself . 
 when siri left in my place , i became nothing . 
 i had to come and get it back . '' 
 `` but you just said that you 've always hated hallandren , '' he said , sounding confused . 
 `` i have . 
 and i do . 
 that 's why i had to come . '' 
 he was silent for a few moments . 
 `` too complicated for a mercenary , i guess . '' 
 she opened her eyes . 
 she was n't sure if she understood , either . 
 she 'd always kept a firm grip on her hatred , only letting it manifest in disdain for hallandren and its ways . 
 she confronted the hatred now . 
 acknowledged it . 
 somehow , hallandren could be loathsome yet enticing at the same time . 
 it was as if ... she knew that until she came and saw the place for herself , she would n't have a real focus-a real understanding , a real image-of what it was that had destroyed her life . 
 now she understood . 
 if her breaths would help , then she would use them . 
 just like lemex . 
 just like those slumlords . 
 she was n't above that . 
 she never had been . 
 she doubted denth would understand . 
 instead , vivenna nodded toward jewels . 
 `` what is she doing ? '' 
 denth turned . 
 `` attaching a new muscle , '' he said . 
 `` one of the ones in his side got cut , sheared right through . 
 muscles wo n't work right if you just sew them together . 
 she has to replace the whole thing . '' 
 `` with screws ? '' 
 denth nodded . 
 `` right into the bone . 
 it works all right . 
 not perfectly , but all right . 
 no wound can ever be perfectly fixed on a lifeless , though he will heal some . 
 you just sew them up and pump them full of fresh ichor-alcohol . 
 if you fix them enough times , the body will stop working right and you 'll have to spend another breath to keep them going . 
 by then , it 's usually just best to buy another body . '' 
 saved by a monster . 
 perhaps that was what made her so determined to use her breath . 
 she should be dead , but clod had saved her . 
 a lifeless . 
 she owed her life to something that should not exist . 
 even worse , if she looked deep within herself , she found herself feeling a traitorous pity for the thing . 
 even an affection . 
 considering that , she figured that she was already damned to the point where using her breaths would n't matter . 
 `` he fought well , '' she whispered . 
 `` better than the lifeless that the city guard was using . '' 
 denth glanced at clod . 
 `` they 're not all equal . 
 most lifeless , they 're just made out of whatever body happens to be around . 
 if you pay good money , you can get one who was very skillful in life . '' 
 she felt a chill , remembering then that moment of humanity she 'd seen on clod 's face as he defended her . 
 if an undead monstrosity could be a hero , then a pious princess could blaspheme . 
 or was she still just trying to justify her actions ? 
 `` skill , '' she whispered . 
 `` they keep it ? '' 
 denth nodded . 
 `` some semblance of it , at least . 
 considering what we paid for this guy , he 'd must have been quite the soldier . 
 and that 's why it 's worth the money , time , and trouble to repair him , rather than buy a new lifeless . '' 
 they treat him just like a thing , vivenna thought . 
 just as she should . 
 and yet , more and more , she thought of clod as a `` he . '' 
 he had saved her life . 
 not denth , not tonk fah . 
 clod . 
 it seemed to her that they should show more respect for him . 
 jewels finished with the muscles , then sewed the skin closed with a thick string . 
 `` though he 'll kind of heal , '' denth said , `` it 's best to use something strong in the repair , so the wound does n't rip apart again . '' 
 vivenna nodded . 
 `` and the ... juice . '' 
 `` ichor-alcohol , '' denth said . 
 `` discovered by the five scholars . 
 wonderful stuff . 
 keeps a lifeless going really well . '' 
 `` that 's what let the manywar occur ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` getting the mixture right ? '' 
 `` that 's part of it . 
 that and the discovery-again by one of the five scholars , i forget which one-of some new commands . 
 if you really want to be an awakener , princess , that 's what you have to learn . 
 the commands . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` teach me . '' 
 to the side jewels got out a small pump and attached a small hose to a little valve at the base of clod 's neck . 
 she began to pump the ichor-alcohol , moving the pump very slowly , probably in order to keep from bursting the blood vessels . 
 `` well , '' denth said , `` there are a lot of commands . 
 if you want to bring a rope to life-like that one you tried to use back in the alleyway-a good command is ` hold things . ' 
 speak it with a clear voice , willing your breath to act . 
 if you do it right , the rope will grab whatever is closest . 
 ` protect me ' is another good one , though it can be interpreted in fairly strange ways if you do n't imagine exactly what you want . '' 
 `` imagine ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 he nodded . 
 `` you have to form the command in your head , not just speak it . 
 the breath you give up , it 's part of your life . 
 your soul , you idrians would say . 
 when you awaken something , it becomes part of you . 
 if you 're good-and practiced-the things you awaken will do what you expect of them . 
 they 're part of you . 
 they understand , just like your hands understand what you want them to do . '' 
 `` i 'll start practicing , then , '' she said . 
 he nodded . 
 `` you should pick it up fairly quickly . 
 you 're a clever woman , and you have a lot of breaths . '' 
 `` that makes a difference ? '' 
 he nodded , looking somewhat distant . 
 as if distracted by his own thoughts . 
 `` the more breaths you hold when you start , the easier it is for you to learn how to awaken . 
 it 's like ... i do n't know , the breath is more part of you . 
 or you 're more part of it . '' 
 she sat back , contemplating that . 
 `` thank you , '' she finally said . 
 `` what ? 
 for explaining awakening ? 
 half the children on the streets could have told you that much . '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` though i appreciate the instruction , the thanks is for other things . 
 for not condemning me as a hypocrite . 
 for being willing to change plans and take risks . 
 for protecting me today . '' 
 `` last i checked , those were all the things a good employee should do . 
 at least if that employee is a mercenary . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` it 's more than that . 
 you 're a good man , denth . '' 
 he met her eyes , and she could see something in them . 
 an emotion she could n't describe . 
 again , she thought of the mask he wore-the persona of the laughing , joking mercenary . 
 that man seemed just a front , when she looked into those eyes , and saw so much more . 
 `` a good man , '' he said , turning away . 
 `` sometimes , i wish that were still true , princess . 
 i have n't been a good man for some years now . '' 
 she opened her mouth to reply , but something made her hesitate . 
 outside , a shadow passed the window . 
 tonk fah entered a few moments later . 
 denth stood up without glancing at her . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asked tonk fah . 
 `` looks safe , '' tonk fah said , eyeing clod . 
 `` how 's the stiff ? '' 
 `` just finished , '' jewels said . 
 she leaned down , saying something very soft to the lifeless . 
 clod started moving again , sitting up , looking about . 
 vivenna waited as his eyes passed over her , but there did n't seem to be recognition in them . 
 he wore the same dull expression . 
 of course , vivenna thought , standing . 
 he 's lifeless , after all . 
 jewels had said something to make him start working again . 
 it was probably the same thing jewels had used to make him stop moving in the first place . 
 that odd phrase ... howl of the sun . 
 vivenna filed it away , then followed as they left the building . 
 <br/> she 'd learn . 
 that was her punishment . 
 inside her room , she pushed the door closed , locking the bolt . 
 then she walked over to pull the drapes closed . 
 a figure stood on her balcony , resting easily against the railing . 
 he wore several days ' worth of stubble on his face and his dark clothing was worn , almost tattered . 
 he carried a deep black sword . 
 vivenna jumped , eyes wide . 
 `` you , '' he said in an angry voice , `` are causing a lot of trouble . '' 
 she opened her mouth to scream , but the drapes snapped forward , muffling her neck and mouth . 
 they squeezed tightly , choking her . 
 they wrapped around her entire body , pinning her arms to her sides . 
 no ! 
 she thought . 
 i survive the attack and the lifeless , and then fall in my own room ? 
 she struggled , hoping someone would hear her thrashing and come for her . 
 but nobody did . 
 at least , not before she fell unconscious . 
 34 lightsong watched the young queen dart away from his pavilion and felt an odd sense of guilt . 
 how very uncharacteristic of me , he thought , taking a sip of wine . 
 after the grapes , it tasted a little sour . 
 maybe the sourness was from something else . 
 he 'd spoken to siri about the god king 's death in his usual flippant way . 
 in his opinion , it was usually best for people to hear the truth bluntly-and , if possible , amusingly . 
 he had n't expected such a reaction from the queen . 
 what was the god king to her ? 
 she 'd been sent to be his bride , probably against her will . 
 yet she seemed to take the prospect of his death with grief . 
 he eyed her appraisingly as she fled . 
 such a small , young thing she was , all dressed up in gold and blue . 
 young ? 
 he thought . 
 yet she 's been alive longer than i have . 
 he retained some things from his former life-such as his perception of his own age . 
 he did n't feel like he was five . 
 he felt far older . 
 that age should have taught him to hold his tongue when speaking of making widows out of young women . 
 could the girl actually have feelings for the god king ? 
 she 'd been in the city for only a couple of months , and he knew-through rumors-what her life must be like . 
 forced to perform her duty as a wife for a man to whom she could not speak and whom she could not know . 
 a man who represented all the things that her culture taught were profane . 
 the only thing lightsong could suppose , then , was that she was worried about what might happen to her if her husband killed himself . 
 a legitimate worry . 
 the queen would lose most of her stature if she lost her husband . 
 lightsong nodded to himself , turning to look down at the arguing priests . 
 they were done with sewage and guard patrols and had moved on to other topics . 
 `` we must prepare ourselves for war , '' one of them was saying . 
 `` recent events make it clear that we can not coexist with the idrians with any assurance of peace or security . 
 this conflict will come , whether we wish it or not . '' 
 lightsong sat listening , tapping one finger against the arm rest of his chair . 
 for five years , i 've been irrelevant , he thought . 
 i did n't have a vote on any of the important court councils , i simply held the codes to a division of the lifeless . 
 i 've crafted a divine reputation of being useless . 
 the tone below was even more hostile than it had been during previous meetings . 
 that was n't what worried him . 
 the problem was the priest spear-heading the movement for war . 
 nanrovah , high priest of stillmark the noble . 
 normally , lightsong would n't have bothered paying attention . 
 yet nanrovah had always been the most outspoken against war . 
 what had made him change his mind ? 
 it was n't long before blushweaver made her way to his box . 
 by the time she arrived , lightsong 's taste for the wine had returned , and he was sipping thoughtfully . 
 the voices against war from below were soft and infrequent . 
 blushweaver sat beside him , a rustle of cloth and a waft of perfume . 
 lightsong did n't look toward her . 
 `` how did you get to nanrovah ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 `` i did n't , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` i do n't know why he changed his mind . 
 i wish he had n't done it so quickly-it seems suspicious and makes people think i manipulated him . 
 either way , i 'll take the support . '' 
 `` you wish for war so much ? '' 
 `` i wish for our people to be aware of the threat , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` you think i want this to happen ? 
 you think i want to send our people to die and to kill ? '' 
 lightsong looked at her , judging her sincerity . 
 she had such beautiful eyes . 
 one rarely noticed that , considering how she proffered the rest of her assets so blatantly . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't think you want a war . '' 
 she nodded sharply . 
 her dress was sleek and trim this day , as always , but it was particularly revealing up top , where her br ** sts were pressed up and forward , demanding attention . 
 lightsong looked away . 
 `` you 're boring today , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` i 'm distracted . '' 
 `` we should be happy , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` the priests have almost all come around . 
 soon there will be a call for attack made to the main assembly of gods . '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 the main assembly of gods was called to deliberate only in the most important of situations . 
 in that case , they all had a vote . 
 if the vote was for war , the gods with lifeless commands-gods like lightsong-would be called upon to administrate and lead the battle . 
 `` you 've changed the commands on hopefinder 's ten thousand ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` they 're mine now , as are mercystar 's . '' 
 colors , he thought . 
 between the two of us , we now control three-quarters of the kingdom 's armies . 
 what in the name of the iridescent tones am i getting myself into ? 
 blushweaver settled back in her chair , eyeing the smaller one that siri had vacated . 
 `` i am annoyed , however , at allmother . '' 
 `` because she 's prettier than you , or because she 's smarter ? '' 
 blushweaver did n't dignify that with a verbal response ; she just shot him a look of annoyance . 
 `` just trying to act less boring , my dear , '' he said . 
 `` allmother controls the last group of lifeless , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` an odd choice , do n't you think ? '' 
 lightsong said . 
 `` i mean , i am a logical choice-assuming you do n't know me , of course-since i 'm supposedly bold . 
 hopefinder represents justice , a nice mix with soldiers . 
 even mercystar , who represents benevolence , makes a kind of sense for one who controls soldiers . 
 but allmother ? 
 goddess of matrons and families ? 
 giving her ten thousand lifeless is enough to make even me consider my drunk-monkey theory . '' 
 `` the one who chooses names and titles of the returned ? '' 
 `` exactly , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i 've actually considered expanding the theory . 
 i am now proposing to believe that god-or the universe , or time , or whatever you think controls all of this-is all really just a drunk monkey . '' 
 she leaned over , squeezing her arms together , seriously threatening to pop her bosom out the front of her dress . 
 `` and , you think my title was chosen by happenstance ? 
 goddess of honesty and interpersonal relations . 
 seems to fit , would n't you say ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 then he smiled . 
 `` my dear , did you just try to prove the existence of god with your cl ** vage ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` you 'd be surprised what a good wriggle of the chest can accomplish . '' 
 `` hum . 
 i 'd never considered the theological power of your br ** sts , my dear . 
 if there were a church devoted to them , perhaps you 'd make a theist out of me after all . 
 regardless , are you going to tell me what specifically allmother did to annoy you ? '' 
 `` she wo n't give me her lifeless commands . '' 
 `` not surprising , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i hardly trust you , and i 'm your friend . '' 
 `` we need those security phrases , lightsong . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we 've got three of the four-we dominate the armies already . '' 
 `` we ca n't afford infighting or divisiveness , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` if her ten were to turn against our thirty , we 'd win , but we 'd be left badly weakened . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` surely she would n't do that . '' 
 `` surely we 'd rather be certain . '' 
 lightsong sighed . 
 `` very well , then . 
 i 'll talk to her . '' 
 `` that might not be a good idea . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` she does n't like you very much . '' 
 `` yes , i know , '' he said . 
 `` she has remarkably good taste . 
 unlike some other people i know . '' 
 she glared at him . 
 `` do i need to wriggle my br ** sts at you again ? '' 
 `` no , please . 
 i do n't know if i 'd be able to stand the theological debate that would follow . '' 
 `` all right , then , '' she said , sitting back , looking down at the priests who were still arguing . 
 they sure are taking a long time on this one , he thought . 
 he glanced toward the other side , where siri had paused to look out over the arena , her arms resting on the stonework ; it was too high for her to do so comfortably . 
 perhaps it was n't thinking of her husband 's death that bothered her , he thought . 
 maybe it was because the discussion turned to war . 
 a war her people could n't win . 
 that was another good reason why the conflict was becoming inevitable . 
 as hoid had implied , when one side had an unbeatable advantage , war was the result . 
 hallandren had been building its lifeless armies for centuries , and the size was becoming daunting . 
 hallandren had less and less to lose from an attack . 
 he should have realized that earlier , rather than assuming this would all blow over once the new queen arrived . 
 blushweaver huffed beside him , and he noticed that she had noticed his study of siri . 
 she was watching the queen with obvious dislike . 
 lightsong immediately changed the topic . 
 `` do you know anything about a tunnel complex beneath the court of gods ? '' 
 blushweaver turned back toward him , shrugging . 
 `` sure . 
 some of the palaces have tunnels beneath them , places for storage and the like . '' 
 `` have you ever been down in any of them ? '' 
 `` please . 
 why would i go crawling about in storage tunnels ? 
 i only know about them because of my high priestess . 
 when she joined my service , she asked me if i wanted mine connected to the main complex of tunnels . 
 i said i did n't . '' 
 `` because you did n't want others to have access to your palace ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said , turning back to watching the priests below . 
 `` because i did n't want to put up with the racket of all that digging . 
 can i have some more wine , please ? '' 
 <br/> then there was the guilt she felt for actually enjoying all the challenges and problems . 
 back home , she 'd had to be contrary and disobedient to find any kind of excitement . 
 here she only had to stand and watch , and things would begin to topple against each other and cause a clatter . 
 there was far too much clatter at present , but that did n't stop her from thrilling at her part in it . 
 silly fool , she told herself . 
 everything you love is in danger and you 're thinking about how exciting it is ? 
 she needed to find a way to help susebron . 
 in doing so , perhaps she could bring him out from beneath the oppressive control of the priests . 
 then he might be able to do something to help her homeland . 
 as she followed that line of thought , she almost missed a comment from below . 
 it was spoken by one of the priests most strongly in favor of attacking . 
 `` have you not heard of the idrian agent who has been causing havoc in the city ? '' 
 the priest asked . 
 `` the idrians are preparing for the war ! 
 they know that a conflict is inevitable and so they 've begun to work against us ! '' 
 siri perked up . 
 idrian agents in the city ? 
 `` bah , '' said another of the priests . 
 `` the ` infiltrator ' you speak of is said to be a princess of the royal family . 
 that 's obviously a story for the common people . 
 why would a princess come in secret to t'telir ? 
 theses stories are ridiculous and unfounded . '' 
 siri grimaced . 
 that , at least , was obviously true . 
 her sisters were not the types to come and work as `` idrian agents . '' 
 she smiled , imagining her soft-spoken monk of a sister-or even vivenna in her prim outfits and stony attitude-coming to t'telir in secret . 
 part of her had a little trouble believing that vivenna had really been intended to become susebron 's bride . 
 starchy vivenna ? 
 having to deal with the exotic court and the wild costumes ? 
 vivenna 's stoic coldness would never have coaxed susebron out of his imperial mask . 
 vivenna 's obvious disapproval would have alienated her from gods like lightsong . 
 vivenna would have hated wearing the beautiful dresses and would never have appreciated the colors and variety in the city . 
 siri might not have been ideal for the position , but she was slowly coming to realize that vivenna had n't been a good choice either . 
 a group of people was approaching along the walkway . 
 siri remained where she was ; she was too distracted by her thoughts to pay much attention . 
 `` are they talking about a relative of yours ? '' 
 a voice asked . 
 siri started , spinning . 
 behind her stood a dark-haired goddess wearing a lavish-and revealing-gown of green and silver . 
 like most of the gods , she stood a good head taller than a mortal person , and she looked down at siri with a raised eyebrow . 
 `` your ... grace ? '' 
 siri responded , confused . 
 `` they 're discussing the famous hidden princess , '' the goddess said with a wave of her hand . 
 `` she 'd be a relative of yours , if she really does have the royal locks . '' 
 siri glanced back at the priests . 
 `` they must be mistaken . 
 i 'm the only princess here . '' 
 `` the stories of her are quite pervasive . '' 
 siri fell silent . 
 `` my lightsong has taken a liking to you , princess , '' the goddess said , folding her arms . 
 `` he has been very kind to me , '' siri said carefully , trying to present the right image-that of the person she was , only less threatening . 
 a little more confused . 
 `` might i ask which goddess you are , your grace ? '' 
 `` i am blushweaver , '' the goddess said . 
 `` i am pleased to meet you . '' 
 `` no you are n't , '' blushweaver said . 
 she leaned in , eyes narrowing . 
 `` i do n't like what you 're doing here . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 blushweaver raised a finger . 
 `` he 's a better man than any of us , princess . 
 do n't you go spoiling him and pulling him into your schemes . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you mean . '' 
 `` you do n't fool me with your false naivete , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` lightsong is a good person-one of the last ones we have left in this court . 
 if you taint him , i will destroy you . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 siri nodded dumbly ; then blushweaver turned and moved away , muttering , `` find someone else 's bed to climb into , you little slut . '' 
 siri watched her go , shocked . 
 when she finally regained her composure , she blushed furiously , then fled . 
 <br/> `` and my side of the bargain ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` if things do n't turn out as i want them to , '' she said , taking a deep breath , heart fluttering , `` i want you to get susebron and me out of the palace . '' 
 silence . 
 `` deal , '' he said . 
 `` but let us make certain it does not come to that . 
 is the god king aware of the danger from his own priests ? '' 
 `` he is , '' siri lied . 
 `` in fact , he knew about it before i did . 
 he 's the one who told me i needed to contact you . '' 
 `` he did ? '' 
 bluefingers asked , frowning slightly . 
 `` yes , '' siri said . 
 `` i will be in touch on how to make this turn out well for all of us . 
 and , until then , i would appreciate it if you 'd let me get back to my bath . '' 
 bluefingers nodded slowly , then retreated from the bathing chamber . 
 siri , however , found it hard to still her nerves . 
 she was n't certain if she 'd handled the exchange well or not . 
 she seemed to have gained something . 
 now she just had to figure out how to use it . 
 35 vivenna awoke sore , tired , and terrified . 
 she tried struggling , but her hands and legs were tied . 
 she succeeded only in rolling herself into an even less comfortable position . 
 she was in a dark room , gagged , her face pressing awkwardly against a splintering wood floor . 
 she still wore her skirt , an expensive foreign one like those that denth complained about . 
 her hands were tied behind her . 
 someone was in the room with her . 
 someone with a lot of breath . 
 she could feel it without even trying . 
 she twisted , rolling onto her back in an awkward motion . 
 she could see a figure silhouetted against a starlit sky , standing on a balcony a short distance away . 
 it was him . 
 he turned toward her , face shadowed in the unlit room , and she began to squirm with panic . 
 what was this man planning to do with her ? 
 horrible possibilities leaped to mind . 
 the man walked toward her , feet thumping roughly on the floor , the wood shaking . 
 he knelt down , pulling her head up by the hair . 
 `` i 'm still deciding whether or not to kill you , princess , '' he said . 
 `` if i were you , i 'd avoid doing anything more to antagonize me . '' 
 his voice was deep , thick , and had an accent she could n't place . 
 she froze in his grip , trembling , hair bleached white . 
 he appeared to be studying her , eyes reflecting starlight . 
 he dropped her back to the wooden floor . 
 she groaned through the gag as he lit a lantern , then pushed the balcony doors closed . 
 he reached to his belt and removed a large hunting dagger . 
 vivenna felt a stab of fear , but he simply walked over and cut the bonds on her hands . 
 he tossed the dagger aside , and it made a thock as it stuck into the wood of the far wall . 
 he reached for something on the bed . 
 his large , black-hilted sword . 
 vivenna scrambled back , hands free , and pulled at her gag , intending to scream . 
 he whipped the scabbarded sword toward her , making her freeze . 
 `` you will remain quiet , '' he said sharply . 
 she huddled back into the corner . 
 how is this happening to me ? 
 she thought . 
 why had n't she fled back to idris long ago ? 
 she 'd been deeply unsettled when denth had killed the ruffians in the restaurant . 
 she 'd known then that she was dealing with people and situations that were truly dangerous . 
 she 'd been an arrogant fool to think that she could do anything in this city . 
 this monstrous , overwhelming , terrible city . 
 she was nothing . 
 barely a peasant from the countryside . 
 why had she been determined to get herself involved in this people 's politics and schemes ? 
 the man , vasher , stepped forward . 
 he undid the clasp on that deep , black sword , and vivenna felt a strange nausea strike her . 
 a thin wisp of black smoke began to curl up from the blade . 
 vasher approached , backlit by the lantern , the sheathed tip of the sword dragging along the floor behind him . 
 then he dropped the sword to the floor in front of vivenna . 
 `` pick it up , '' he said . 
 she untensed slightly , looking up , though she still huddled in the corner . 
 she felt tears on her cheeks . 
 `` pick up the sword , princess . '' 
 she had no training with weapons , but maybe ... she reached for the sword , but felt her nausea grow far stronger . 
 she groaned , her hand twitching as it approached the strange black blade . 
 she shied away . 
 `` pick it up ! '' 
 vasher bellowed . 
 she complied with a gagged cry of desperation , grabbing the weapon , feeling a terrible sickness travel like a wave up her arm and into her stomach . 
 she found herself ripping away her gag with desperate fingers . 
 hello , a voice said in her head . 
 would you like to kill someone today ? 
 she dropped the horrid weapon and fell to her knees , retching onto the floor . 
 there was n't much in her stomach , but she could n't stop herself . 
 when she was done , she crawled away and huddled down against the wall again , mouth dripping with bile , feeling too sick to yell for help or even wipe her face . 
 she was crying again . 
 that seemed the least of her humiliations . 
 through teary eyes , she watched as vasher stood quietly . 
 then he grunted-as if in surprise-and picked up the sword . 
 he clicked the clasp on its sheath , locking the weapon back inside , then threw a towel onto what she 'd retched up . 
 `` we are in one of the slums , '' he said . 
 `` you may scream if you wish , but nobody will think anything of it . 
 except me . 
 i 'll be annoyed . '' 
 he glanced back at her . 
 `` i warn you . 
 i 'm not known for my ability to keep my temper . '' 
 vivenna shivered , still feeling hints of nausea . 
 this man held even more breath than she did . 
 yet , when he 'd kidnapped her , she had n't felt anyone standing in her room . 
 how had he hidden it ? 
 and what was that voice ? 
 they seemed silly things to distract her , considering her current situation . 
 however , she used them to keep from thinking about what this man might do to her . 
 what - he was walking toward her again . 
 he picked up the gag , his expression dark . 
 she finally screamed , trying to scramble away , and he cursed , putting a foot on her back and forcing her down against the floor . 
 he tied her hands again before forcing on the gag . 
 she cried , her voice muffled as he jerked her backward . 
 he stood , then slung her over his shoulder and carried her out of the room . 
 `` colors-cursed slums , '' he muttered . 
 `` everyone 's too poor to afford cellars . '' 
 he pushed her into a sitting position in the doorway of a second , much smaller room and retied her hands to the doorknob . 
 he stepped back , looking her over , obviously unsatisfied . 
 then he knelt beside her , unshaven face close to hers , breath vile . 
 `` i have work to do , '' he said . 
 `` work that you have forced me to do . 
 you will not run . 
 if you do , i 'll find you and kill you . 
 understand ? '' 
 she nodded weakly . 
 she caught sight of him retrieving his sword from the other room , then he quickly rushed down the stairs . 
 the door below slammed and locked , leaving her alone and helpless . 
 <br/> `` untie yourselves , '' she said clearly . 
 again , nothing happened . 
 vivenna leaned her head back in frustration . 
 awakening seemed such a vague art , which was odd , considering the number of rules and restrictions it appeared to have . 
 or maybe it just seemed vague to her because it was so complicated . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 i have to get this , she thought . 
 i must figure it out . 
 if i do n't , i will be killed . 
 she opened her eyes , focusing on her bonds . 
 she pictured them untying again , but somehow that felt wrong . 
 she was like a child , sitting and staring at a leaf , trying to make it move just by concentrating on it . 
 that was n't the way her newfound senses worked . 
 they were part of her . 
 so , instead of concentrating , she relaxed , letting her unconscious mind do the work . 
 a little like she did when she changed the color of her hair . 
 `` untie , '' she commanded . 
 the breath flowed from her . 
 it was like blowing bubbles beneath the water , exhaling a piece of herself but feeling it flow into something else . 
 that something else became part of her-a limb she could only slightly control . 
 it was more of a sense of the rope than an ability to move it . 
 as the breath left her , she could feel the world dull , colors becoming slightly less bold , the wind a little more difficult to hear , the life of the city a little more distant . 
 the ropes around her hands jerked , causing her wrists to burn . 
 then the ropes unraveled and dropped to the ground . 
 her arms came free , and she sat , staring at her wrists , shocked . 
 austre , lord of colors , she thought . 
 i did it . 
 she was n't certain whether to be impressed or ashamed . 
 either way , she knew she needed to run . 
 she untied her ankles , then scrambled to her feet , noticing that a section of the wooden door had been completely drained of color in a circular pattern around her hands . 
 she paused only briefly , then grabbed the rope and ran down the stairs . 
 she unlocked the door and peeked out the doorway onto the street , but it was dark , and she could see little . 
 taking a deep breath , she rushed out into the night . 
 <br/> denth released her mouth and slapped tonk fah on the back of the head . 
 `` hey , '' tonk fah said , rubbing his head . 
 `` pay attention , '' denth said . 
 then he glanced at vivenna , holding her arm tightly . 
 blood seeped between his fingers from her wounded wrist . 
 denth froze , obviously seeing her bloodied wrists for the first time ; the dark cellar had obscured them . 
 he looked up , meeting her eyes . 
 `` aw , hell , '' he cursed . 
 `` you did n't run from us , did you ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 tonk fah asked . 
 vivenna was numb . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 `` was it him ? '' 
 she did n't respond . 
 denth grimaced , then twisted her arm , causing her to yelp . 
 `` all right . 
 it looks like my hand has been forced . 
 let 's deal with that breath of yours first , and then we can have a chat-nicely , like friends-about what has happened to you . '' 
 clod stepped up beside denth , grey eyes staring forward , empty as always . 
 except ... could she see something in them ? 
 was she imagining it ? 
 her emotions were so strained lately that she really could n't trust her perceptions . 
 clod seemed to meet her eyes . 
 `` now , '' denth said , face growing harder . 
 `` repeat after me . 
 my life to yours . 
 my breath become yours . '' 
 vivenna looked up at him , meeting his eyes . 
 `` howl of the sun , '' she whispered . 
 denth frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` attack denth . 
 howl of the sun . '' 
 `` i - '' denth began . 
 at that moment , clod 's fist hit his face . 
 the blow threw denth to the side and into tonk fah , who cursed and stumbled . 
 vivenna wrenched free , ducking past clod-nearly tripping on her dress-and threw her shoulder into the surprised jewels . 
 jewels fell . 
 vivenna scrambled up the stairs . 
 `` you let her hear the security phrase ? '' 
 denth bellowed , sounds of struggle coming from where he was wrestling with clod . 
 jewels gained her feet and followed vivenna . 
 the woman 's foot broke through a step , however . 
 vivenna stumbled into the room above , then threw the door shut . 
 she reached over , turning the latch . 
 wo n't hold them for long , she thought , feeling helpless . 
 they 'll keep coming . 
 chasing me . 
 just like vasher . 
 god of colors . 
 what am i going to do ? 
 she rushed out onto the street , now lit by the dawn light filling into the city , and ducked down an alleyway . 
 then she just kept running-this time trying to pick the smallest , dirtiest , darkest alleyways she could . 
 36 i will not leave you , susebron wrote , sitting on the floor beside the bed , his back propped up by pillows . 
 i promise . 
 `` how can you be sure ? '' 
 siri asked from her place on the bed . 
 `` maybe once you have an heir , you 'll grow tired of life , then give away your breath . '' 
 first of all , he wrote , i 'm still not even sure how i would get an heir . 
 you refuse to explain it to me , nor will you answer my questions . 
 `` they 're embarrassing ! '' 
 siri said , feeling her short hair grow red . 
 she turned it back to yellow in an instant . 
 secondly , he wrote , i can not give away my breath , not if what i understand about biochroma is true . 
 do you think i 've been lied to about how breath works ? 
 he 's getting much more articulate in his writing , siri thought as she watched him erase . 
 it 's such a shame that he 's been locked up his entire life . 
 `` i really do n't know that much about it , '' she said . 
 `` biochroma is n't exactly something we focus on in idris . 
 i suspect that half of the things i know are rumors and exaggerations . 
 for instance , back in idris , they think you sacrifice people on altars in the court here-i heard that a dozen times from different people . '' 
 he paused , then continued writing . 
 regardless , we argue something that is absurd . 
 i will not change . 
 i am not going to suddenly decide to kill myself . 
 you do not need to worry . 
 she sighed . 
 siri , he wrote , i lived for fifty years with no information , no knowledge , barely able to communicate . 
 can you really think that i would kill myself now ? 
 now , when i 've discovered how to write ? 
 when i 've discovered someone to talk to ? 
 when i 've discovered you ? 
 she smiled . 
 `` all right . 
 i believe you . 
 but i still think we have to worry about your priests . '' 
 he did n't respond , looking away . 
 why is he so cursedly loyal to them ? 
 she thought . 
 finally , he looked back at her . 
 would you grow your hair ? 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` and what color am i to make it ? '' 
 red , he wrote . 
 `` you hallandren and your bright colors , '' she said , shaking her head . 
 `` do you realize that my people considered red the most flagrant of all colors ? '' 
 he paused . 
 i 'm sorry , he wrote . 
 i did not mean to offend you . 
 i - he broke off as she reached down and touched his arm . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` look , i was n't arguing . 
 i was just being flirtatious . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 flirtatious ? 
 he wrote . 
 my storybook does n't use this term . 
 `` i know , '' siri said . 
 `` that book is too full of stories about children getting eaten by trees and things . '' 
 the stories are metaphors meant to teach - `` yes , i know , '' she said , interrupting him again . 
 so , what is flirtatious ? 
 `` it 's ... '' colors ! 
 how do i get myself into these situations ? 
 `` it 's when a girl acts hesitant-or sometimes silly-in order to make a man pay more attention to her . '' 
 why would that make a man pay attention to her ? 
 `` well , like this . '' 
 she looked at him , leaning forward a bit . 
 `` do you want me to grow my hair ? '' 
 yes . 
 `` do you really want me to ? '' 
 of course . 
 `` well then , if i must , '' she said , tossing her head and commanding her hair become a deep auburn red . 
 it flushed midtoss , flaring from yellow to red like ink bleeding into a pool of clear water . 
 then she made it grow . 
 the ability was more instinctive than conscious-like flexing a muscle . 
 in this case , it was a `` muscle '' she 'd been using a lot lately , since she tended to cut her hair off in the evenings rather than spending the time combing it . 
 even as the hair whipped past her face , it grew in length . 
 she tossed her head , one final time-the hair making it feel more heavy , her neck warm from the locks that now tumbled down around her shoulders and down her back , twisting in loose curls . 
 susebron looked at her with wide eyes . 
 she met them , then tried a seductive glance . 
 the result seemed so ridiculous to her , however , that she just found herself laughing . 
 she fell back on the bed , newly grown hair flaring around her . 
 susebron tapped her leg . 
 she looked over at him , and he stood up , sitting on the side of the bed so that she could see his tablet as he wrote . 
 you are very strange , he said . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm not meant to be a seductress . 
 i ca n't keep a straight face . '' 
 seductress , he wrote . 
 i know that word . 
 it is used in a story when the evil queen tries to tempt the young prince with something , though i do n't know what . 
 she smiled . 
 i think she must have been planning to offer him food . 
 `` yeah , '' siri said . 
 `` good interpretation , there , seb . 
 completely right . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 she was n't offering food , was she ? 
 siri smiled again . 
 he flushed . 
 i feel like such an idiot . 
 there is so much that everyone else understands intrinsically . 
 yet i have only the stories of a children 's book to guide me . 
 i 've read them so often that it 's hard to separate myself-and the way i view them-from the child i was when i first read them . 
 he began to erase furiously . 
 she sat up then laid a hand on his arm . 
 i know that there are things i 'm missing , he wrote . 
 things that embarrass you , and i have guesses . 
 i am not a fool . 
 and yet , i get frustrated . 
 with your flirtation and sarcasm-both behaviors where you apparently act opposite to what you want-i fear that i will never understand you . 
 he stared with frustration at his board , wiping cloth held in one hand , charcoal in the other . 
 the fire cracked quietly in the fireplace , throwing waves of overbright yellow against his clean-shaven face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said , scooting closer to him . 
 she wrapped her arms around his elbow , laying her head against his upper arm . 
 he actually did n't seem that much bigger than she , now that she was used to it . 
 there had been men back in idris who had stood as much as six and a half feet tall , and susebron was only a few inches taller than that . 
 plus , because his body was so perfectly proportioned , he did n't seem spindly or unnatural . 
 he was normal , just bigger . 
 he glanced at her as she rested her head on his arm and closed her eyes . 
 `` i think you are doing better than you think . 
 most people back in my homeland did n't understand me half as well as you do . '' 
 he began to write , and she opened her eyes . 
 i find that hard to believe . 
 `` it 's true , '' she said . 
 `` they kept telling me to become someone else . '' 
 who ? 
 `` my sister , '' she said with a sigh . 
 `` the woman you were supposed to marry . 
 she was everything the daughter of a king should be . 
 controlled , soft-spoken , obedient , learned . '' 
 she sounds boring , he wrote , smiling . 
 `` vivenna is a wonderful person , '' siri said . 
 `` she was always very kind to me . 
 it 's just that ... well , i think even she felt that i should have been more reserved . '' 
 i ca n't understand that , he wrote . 
 you 're wonderful . 
 so full of life and excitement . 
 the priests and servants of the palace , they wear colors , but there 's no color inside of them . 
 they just go about their duties , eyes down , solemn . 
 you 've got color on the inside , so much of it that it bursts out and colors everything around you . 
 she smiled . 
 `` that sounds like biochroma . '' 
 you are more honest than biochroma , he wrote . 
 my breath , it makes things more bright , but it is n't mine . 
 it was given to me . 
 yours is your own . 
 she felt her hair shift from the deep red into a golden tone , and she sighed softly with contentment , pulling herself a little closer to him . 
 how do you do that ? 
 he wrote . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 change your hair . 
 `` that one was unconscious , '' she said . 
 `` it goes blond if i feel happy or content . '' 
 you 're happy , then ? 
 he wrote . 
 with me ? 
 `` of course . '' 
 but when you speak of the mountains , there is such longing in your voice . 
 `` i miss them , '' she said . 
 `` but if i left here , i 'd miss you too . 
 sometimes , you ca n't have everything you want , since the wants contradict each other . '' 
 they fell silent for a time , and he set aside his board , hesitantly wrapping his arm around her and leaning back against the headboard . 
 a blushful tinge of red crept into her hair as she realized that they were still sitting on the bed , and she was snuggling up beside him wearing only her shift . 
 but , well , she thought , we are married , after all . 
 the only thing that spoiled the moment was the occasional rumbling of her stomach . 
 after a few minutes , susebron reached for his board . 
 you are hungry ? 
 he wrote . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` my stomach is an anarchist ; it likes to growl when it 's full . '' 
 he paused . 
 sarcasm ? 
 `` a poor attempt , '' she said . 
 `` it 's all right-i 'll survive . '' 
 did n't you eat before you came to my chambers ? 
 `` i did , '' she said . 
 `` but growing that much hair is draining . 
 it always leaves me hungry . '' 
 it makes you hungry every night ? 
 he asked , writing quickly . 
 and you did n't say anything ? 
 she shrugged . 
 i will get you food . 
 `` no , we ca n't afford to expose ourselves . '' 
 expose what ? 
 he wrote . 
 i am god king-i have food whenever i wish it . 
 i have sent for it at night before . 
 this will not be odd . 
 he stood , walking toward the doorway . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 she said . 
 he turned , glancing back at him . 
 `` you ca n't go to the door like that , susebron , '' she said , keeping her voice quiet , in case someone was listening . 
 `` you 're still fully dressed . '' 
 he looked down , then frowned . 
 `` make your clothing look disheveled at least , '' she said , quickly hiding his writing board . 
 he undid his neck buttons , then threw off his deep black overrobe , revealing an undergown . 
 like everything white near him , it gave off a halo of rainbow colors . 
 he reached up , mussing his dark hair . 
 he turned back to her , eyes questioning . 
 `` good enough , '' she said , pulling the bedsheets up to her neck , covering herself . 
 she watched curiously as susebron rapped on the door with his knuckles . 
 it immediately opened . 
 he 's too important to open his own door , siri thought . 
 he commanded food by putting a hand to his stomach , then pointing away . 
 the servants-barely visible to siri through the doorway-scuttled away at his order . 
 he turned as the door closed , walking back to sit beside her on the bed . 
 a few minutes later , servants arrived at the room with a dining table and a chair . 
 they set the table with large amounts of food-everything from roasted fish to pickled vegetables and simmering shellfish . 
 siri watched with amazement . 
 there 's no way they fixed it that quickly . 
 they simply had it waiting in the kitchens , should their god happen to grow hungry . 
 it was wasteful to the point of extravagance , but it was also wondrous . 
 it bespoke a lifestyle that her people back in idris could n't even imagine , one representative of an uncomfortable imbalance in the world . 
 some people starved ; others were so wealthy that they never even saw most meals that were made for them . 
 the servants set only one chair at the table . 
 siri watched as they brought in plate after plate . 
 they could n't know what the god king wanted , so they apparently brought him some of everything . 
 they filled the table , then retreated as susebron pointed for them to go . 
 the scents were almost too much for siri in her hungered state . 
 she waited , tense , until the door closed . 
 then she threw off the sheets and rushed over . 
 she had thought the meals prepared for her were extravagant , but they were nothing compared with this feast . 
 susebron gestured toward the chair . 
 `` are n't you going to eat ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shrugged . 
 she walked over and took one of the blankets from the bed , then spread it on the stone floor . 
 `` what looks good to you ? '' 
 she said , approaching the table . 
 he pointed at the plate of simmering mussels and several of the breads . 
 she moved these , along with a dish that did n't appear to have any fish in it-a bowl of exotic fruits tossed in some kind of creamy sauce-to the cloth . 
 she then sat down and began eating . 
 susebron carefully situated himself on the floor . 
 he managed to look dig nified even when wearing only his undergown . 
 siri reached over and handed him his board . 
 this is very odd , he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` eating on the floor ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 dining is such a production for me . 
 i eat some of what is on a plate , then servants pull it away , wipe my face , and bring me another one . 
 i never finish an entire dish , even if i like it . 
 siri snorted . 
 `` i 'm surprised they do n't hold the spoon for you . '' 
 they did when i was younger , susebron wrote , flushing . 
 i eventually got them to let me do it myself . 
 it 's hard , when you ca n't speak with anyone . 
 `` i can imagine , '' siri said between mouthfuls . 
 she eyed susebron , who ate with small , reserved bites . 
 she felt a slight stab of shame at how fast she was eating , then decided she did n't care . 
 she put aside the fruit dish and fetched several pastries from the table . 
 susebron eyed her as she began to eat one after another . 
 those are pahn kahl tinkfans , he wrote . 
 one takes only small bites , making sure to eat a piece of bread between to clear away the taste . 
 they are a delicacy and - he broke off as siri picked up an entire pastry and shoved it into her mouth . 
 she smiled at him , then continued chewing . 
 after a moment of looking stunned , he wrote on his board again . 
 you realize that children in the stories who gorged themselves usually ended up being thrown off of cliffs ? 
 siri stuffed another crispbread into her mouth beside the first , dusting her fingers and face with powdered sugar in the process , her cheeks bulging . 
 susebron watched her , then reached over and took a whole one himself . 
 he inspected it , then shoved it into his mouth . 
 siri laughed , nearly spitting out bits of pastry onto the blanket . 
 `` and so my corruption of the god king continues , '' she said once she could speak . 
 he smiled . 
 this is very curious , he wrote , eating another crispbread . 
 then another . 
 then another . 
 siri watched him , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` one would think that as god king , you would at least be able to eat sweets whenever you want . '' 
 i have many rules that others need not follow , he wrote as he chewed . 
 the stories explained this . 
 much is required of a prince or a king . 
 i would rather have been born a peasant . 
 siri raised an eyebrow . 
 she had a feeling that he 'd be surprised if he actually had to experience things like hunger , poverty , or even discomfort . 
 however , she left him his illusions . 
 who was she to chastise ? 
 you are the one who was hungry , he wrote . 
 but i am the one doing all the eating ! 
 `` they obviously do n't feed you enough , '' siri said , trying a slice of bread . 
 he shrugged , continuing to eat . 
 she watched him , wondering if eating was different for him , with no tongue . 
 did that affect his ability to taste ? 
 he certainly still seemed to like the sweets . 
 thinking of her tongue made her mind turn to darker topics . 
 we ca n't just keep going on like this , she thought . 
 playing around at night , pretending like the world is n't going on without us . 
 we 're going to get crushed . 
 `` susebron , '' she said . 
 `` i think we need to find a way to expose what your priests have been doing to you . '' 
 he looked up , then wrote , what do you mean ? 
 `` i mean that we should have you try to talk to the common people , '' she said . 
 `` or maybe some of the other gods . 
 the priests gain all of their power by associating with you . 
 if you choose to communicate through someone else , it would overthrow them . '' 
 do we need to do that ? 
 `` pretend with me for a moment that we do , '' she said . 
 very well , he wrote . 
 but how , exactly , would i communicate with someone else ? 
 i ca n't exactly stand up and begin shouting . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 notes , perhaps ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 there is a story about that in my book . 
 a princess trapped in a tower who throws notes out into the ocean waters . 
 the king of the fishes finds them . 
 `` i doubt the king of fishes cares about our predicament , '' siri said flatly . 
 such a creature is only slightly less fantastic than the possibility of my notes being found and interpreted correctly . 
 if i threw them out the window , nobody would believe that the god king had written them . 
 `` and if you passed them to servants ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 assuming that you are right , and that my priests are working against me , then would n't it be foolhardy to trust the servants they employ ? 
 `` perhaps . 
 we could try a pahn kahl servant . '' 
 none of them attend me , for i am the god king , he wrote . 
 besides , what if we did get a servant or two on our side ? 
 how would that expose the priests ? 
 nobody would believe a pahn kahl servant who contradicted the priests . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i suppose you could try making a scene , running away or causing a distraction . '' 
 when outside of the palace , i am constantly attended by a troop of hundreds . 
 awakeners , soldiers , guards , priests , and lifeless warriors . 
 do you honestly think i could make any kind of a scene without being rushed away before i could communicate with anyone ? 
 `` no , '' she admitted . 
 `` but we have to do something ! 
 there has to be a way out of this . '' 
 i do not see one . 
 we need to work with the priests , not against them . 
 perhaps they know more about why the god kings die . 
 they could tell us-i can speak to them , using the artisans ' script . 
 `` no , '' siri said . 
 `` not yet . 
 let me think first . '' 
 very well , he wrote , then tried another pastry . 
 `` susebron ... '' she finally said . 
 `` would you consider running away with me ? 
 back to idris ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 perhaps , he finally wrote . 
 that seems extreme . 
 `` what if i could prove that the priests are trying to kill you ? 
 and what if i could provide a way out-someone to smuggle us from the palace and out of the city ? '' 
 the concept obviously bothered him . 
 if it is the only way , he wrote , then i will go with you . 
 but i do not believe that we will get to that point . 
 `` i hope you 're right , '' she said . 
 but if you 're not , she thought , then we 're escaping . 
 we 'll take our chances back with my family , war or no war . 
 37 in the slums it could seem like night , even during the full light of day . 
 vivenna wandered , aimless , stepping over soiled bits of colorful trash . 
 she knew that she should find a place to hide and stay there . 
 yet she was n't really thinking straight anymore . 
 parlin was dead . 
 he 'd been her friend since childhood . 
 she 'd convinced him to come with her on what now seemed the most idiotic of quests . 
 his death was her fault . 
 denth and his team had betrayed her . 
 no . 
 they had never worked for her . 
 now that she looked back , she could see the signs . 
 how conveniently they 'd found her in the restaurant . 
 how they 'd used her to get at lemex 's breath . 
 how they 'd manipulated her , letting her feel that she was in control . 
 they 'd just been playing along . 
 she 'd been a prisoner and never known it . 
 the betrayal felt so much the worse for how she 'd come to trust , even befriend , them . 
 she should have seen the warnings . 
 tonk fah 's joking brutality . 
 denth 's explanations that mercenaries had no allegiances . 
 he 'd pointed out that jewels would work against her own gods . 
 compared with that , what was betraying a friend ? 
 she stumbled down yet another alleyway , hand on the wall of a brick building beside her . 
 dirt and soot stained her fingers . 
 her hair was a bleached white . 
 it still had n't recovered . 
 the attack in the slum had been frightening . 
 getting captured by vasher had been terrifying . 
 but seeing parlin , tied to that chair , blood coming from his nose , his cheeks sliced open to reveal the inside of his mouth ... she would never forget . 
 something inside of her seemed broken . 
 her ability to care . 
 she was just ... numb . 
 she reached the end of the alleyway , then looked up dully . 
 there was a wall front of her . 
 a dead end . 
 she turned to go back . 
 `` you , '' a voice said . 
 vivenna turned , surprised at the speed her own reaction . 
 her mind remained shocked , but a carnal part of her was still awake . 
 capable of defensive instinct . 
 she stood in a narrow alley like those she had walked down all day . 
 she 'd kept to the slums , figuring that denth would expect her to run for the open city . 
 he knew it better than she did . 
 in her addled mind , staying in the cluttered , quiet slum seemed a much better idea . 
 a man sat on a small stack of boxes behind her , legs swinging over the sides . 
 he was short , dark-haired , and wore typical slum clothing-a mixture of garments going through various stages of wear . 
 `` you 've been causing quite a stir , '' the man said . 
 she stood quietly . 
 `` woman wandering the slums in a beautiful white dress , eyes dark , hair white and ragged . 
 if everyone had n't been so paranoid following the raid the other day , you 'd have been seen to hours ago . '' 
 the man seemed faintly familiar . 
 `` you 're idrian , '' she whispered . 
 `` you were there , in the crowd , when i visited the slumlords . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` that means you know who i am , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't know anything , '' he said . 
 `` particularly not things that could get me into trouble . '' 
 `` please , '' she said . 
 `` you have to help me . '' 
 she took a step forward . 
 he hopped off his boxes , a knife flashing in his hand . 
 `` help you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i saw that look in your eyes when you came to the meeting . 
 you look down on us . 
 just like the hallandren . '' 
 she shied back . 
 `` a lot of people have seen you wandering about like a wraith , '' he said . 
 `` but nobody seems to know exactly where to find you . 
 there 's quite a search going in some parts . '' 
 denth , she thought . 
 it 's a miracle i 've stayed free so long . 
 i need to do something . 
 stop wandering . 
 find a place to hide . 
 `` i figure that someone will find you eventually , '' the man said . 
 `` so i 'm going to act first . '' 
 `` please , '' she whispered . 
 he raised the knife . 
 `` i wo n't turn you in . 
 you deserve at least that much . 
 besides , i do n't want to draw attention to myself . 
 that dress , though . 
 that will sell for a lot , even damaged like it is . 
 i could feed my family for weeks on that cloth . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` scream and i 'll cut you , '' he said quietly . 
 `` it 's not a threat . 
 it 's just an inevitability . 
 the dress , princess . 
 you 'll be better without it . 
 it 's what is making everyone take notice of you . '' 
 she considered using her breath . 
 but what if it did n't work ? 
 she could n't concentrate , and had a feeling that she would n't be able to get the commands to work . 
 she wavered , but the looming knife convinced her . 
 so , staring straight ahead and feeling like she was someone else , she reached up and began undoing the buttons . 
 `` do n't drop it to the ground , '' the man said . 
 `` it 's dirty enough already . '' 
 she pulled it off , then shivered , standing only in her underleggings and her shift . 
 he took the dress , then opened her pocket pouch . 
 he frowned as he tossed aside the rope inside of it . 
 `` no money ? '' 
 she shook her head dully . 
 `` the leggings . 
 they 're silk , right ? '' 
 her shift came down to her midthighs . 
 she stooped down , pulling off the leggings , then handed them over . 
 he took them , and she saw a glint of greed-or perhaps something else-in his eyes . 
 `` the shift , '' he said , waving his knife . 
 `` no , '' she said quietly . 
 he took a step forward . 
 something snapped inside of her . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` no , no , no ! 
 you take your city , your colors and clothing , and go ! 
 leave me ! '' 
 she fell to her knees , crying , and grabbed handfuls of refuse and mud , rubbing it on the shift . 
 `` there ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` you want it ! 
 take it from me ! 
 sell it like this ! '' 
 contrary to his threat , the man wavered . 
 he looked around , then clutched the valuable cloth to his chest and dashed away . 
 vivenna knelt . 
 where had she found more tears ? 
 she curled up , heedless of the trash and mud , and wept . 
 <br/> `` i swear , '' she said . 
 `` you are getting stranger by the day . '' 
 `` no , actually , '' he said . 
 `` you did n't swear in that particular statement . 
 unless you 're proposing we should swear using the personal pronoun . 
 you ! 
 so , your line at this point is ` what in the name of you are you doing ? ' '' 
 she grumbled at him under her breath . 
 he eyed her . 
 `` i certainly do n't deserve that yet . 
 i 've barely gotten started . 
 something else must be bothering you . '' 
 `` allmother , '' she said . 
 `` still wo n't give you the commands ? '' 
 `` refuses to even speak with me now . '' 
 lightsong threw a pebble into one of the urns . 
 `` ah , if only she knew the refreshing sense of frustration she was missing out on knowing by refusing your acquaintance . '' 
 `` i 'm not that frustrating ! '' 
 blushweaver said . 
 `` i 've actually been rather charming with her . '' 
 `` then that is your problem , i surmise , '' lightsong said . 
 `` we 're gods , my dear , and we quickly grow tired of our immortal existences . 
 surely we seek for extreme ranges in emotion-good or bad , it does n't matter . 
 in a way , it 's the absolute value of emotion that is important , rather than the positive or negative nature of that emotion . '' 
 blushweaver paused . 
 so did lightsong . 
 `` lightsong , dear , '' she said . 
 `` what in the name of you did that mean ? '' 
 `` i 'm not exactly sure , '' he said . 
 `` it just kind of came out . 
 i can visualize what it means in my head , though . 
 with numbers . '' 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she asked , sounding genuinely concerned . 
 images of warfare flashed in his mind . 
 his best friend , a man he did n't know , dying with a sword through the chest . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' he said . 
 `` things have been rather strange for me lately . '' 
 she sat quietly for a moment . 
 `` you want to go back to my palace and frolic ? 
 that always makes me feel better . '' 
 he tossed a pebble , smiling . 
 `` you , my dear , are incorrigible . '' 
 `` i 'm the goddess of lust , for your sake , '' she said . 
 `` i 've got to fill the role . '' 
 `` last i checked , '' he said , `` you were goddess of honesty . '' 
 `` honesty and honest emotions , my dear , '' she said sweetly . 
 `` and let me tell you , lust is one of the most honest of all emotions . 
 now , what are you doing with those silly pebbles ? '' 
 `` counting , '' he said . 
 `` counting your inanities ? '' 
 `` that , '' lightsong said , tossing another pebble , `` and counting the number of priests who come through the gates wearing the colors of each god or goddess . '' 
 blushweaver frowned . 
 it was midday , and the gates were fairly busy with the comings and goings of servants and performers . 
 there were only occasionally priests or priestesses , however , since they would have been required to come in early to attend their gods . 
 `` each time a priest of a particular god enters , '' lightsong said , `` i toss a pebble into the urn representing that god . '' 
 blushweaver watched him toss-and miss-with another pebble . 
 as he 'd instructed , the servants picked the pebble up and put it in the proper urn . 
 violet and silver . 
 to the side , one of hopefinder 's priestesses rushed across the green toward her god 's palace . 
 `` i 'm baffled , '' blushweaver finally said . 
 `` it 's easy , '' lightsong said . 
 `` you see someone wearing purple , you throw a pebble in the urn of the same color . '' 
 `` yes , dear , '' she said . 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` to keep track of how many priests of each god enter the court , of course , '' lightsong said . 
 `` they 've slowed to nearly a trickle . 
 scoot , would you mind counting ? '' 
 llarimar bowed then gathered several servants and scribes , ordering them to empty the urns and count the contents of each one . 
 `` my dear lightsong , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` i do apologize if i 've been ignoring you lately . 
 allmother has been rudely unresponsive to my suggestions . 
 if my lack of attention has caused your fragile mind to snap ... '' `` my mind is quite unsnapped , thank you , '' lightsong said , sitting up , watching the servants count . 
 `` then , you must be so very bored , '' blushweaver continued . 
 `` perhaps we can come up with something to entertain you . '' 
 `` i 'm well entertained . '' 
 he smiled even before the counting results were in . 
 mercystar had one of the smallest piles . 
 `` lightsong ? '' 
 blushweaver asked . 
 nearly all of her playful attitude was gone . 
 `` i ordered my priests in early today , '' lightsong said , glancing at her . 
 `` and to set up position here , in front of the gates , before the sun even rose . 
 we 've been counting priests for some six hours now . '' 
 llarimar walked over , handing lightsong a list of the gods and the number of priests who had entered wearing their colors . 
 lightsong scanned it , nodding to himself . 
 `` some of the gods have had over a hundred priests report for service , yet a couple of them have had barely a dozen . 
 mercystar is one of those . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 blushweaver asked . 
 `` so , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i 'm going to send my servants to watch and count at mercystar 's palace , keeping track of the number of priests who are there . 
 i already suspect that i know what they 'll find . 
 mercystar does n't have fewer priests than the rest of us . 
 they 're just getting into the court by a different route . '' 
 blushweaver looked at him blankly , but then cocked her head . 
 `` the tunnels ? '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 blushweaver leaned back , sighing . 
 `` well at least you 're not insane or bored . 
 you 're just obsessed . '' 
 `` something 's going on with those tunnels , blushweaver . 
 and it relates to the servant who was murdered . '' 
 `` lightsong , we have much bigger problems to worry about ! '' 
 blushweaver shook her head , holding her forehead as if she could have a headache . 
 `` i ca n't believe that you 're still bothering with this . 
 honestly ! 
 the kingdom is about to go to war-for the first time , your position in the assembly is important-and you 're worrying about how priests are getting into the court ? '' 
 lightsong did n't respond immediately . 
 `` here , '' he finally said , `` let me prove my point to you . '' 
 he reached over to the side of his couch and picked a small box up off the ground . 
 he held it up , showing it to blushweaver . 
 `` a box , '' she said flatly . 
 `` what a convincing argument you make . '' 
 he pulled the top off of the box , leaving a small grey squirrel sitting in his hand . 
 it stood perfectly still , staring forward , fur blowing in the breeze . 
 `` a lifeless rodent , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` that 's much better . 
 i feel myself being swayed already . '' 
 `` the person who broke into mercystar 's palace used this as a distraction , '' lightsong said . 
 `` do you know anything about breaking lifeless , my dear ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i did n't either , '' lightsong said . 
 `` not until i required my priests to break this one . 
 apparently , it requires weeks to take control of a lifeless for which you do not have the right security phrases . 
 i 'm not even sure how the process goes-has something to do with breath and torture , apparently . '' 
 `` torture ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` lifeless ca n't feel . '' 
 lightsong shrugged . 
 `` anyway , my servants broke this one for me . 
 the stronger and more skilled the awakener who created the lifeless , the more difficult it is to break it . '' 
 `` that 's why we need to get the commands from allmother , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` if something were to happen to her , her ten thousand would become useless to us . 
 it would take years to break that many lifeless ! '' 
 `` the god king and some of allmother 's priestesses have the codes as well , '' lightsong said . 
 `` oh , '' blushweaver said , `` and you think he is going to just give them over to us ? 
 assuming we 're even allowed to talk to him ? '' 
 `` i 'm just pointing out that a single assassination could n't ruin our entire army , '' lightsong said , holding up the squirrel . 
 `` that 's not the point . 
 the point is that whomever made this squirrel held quite a bit of breath and knew what he was doing . 
 the creature 's blood has been replaced with ichor-alcohol . 
 the sutures are perfect . 
 the commands controlling the rodent were extremely strong . 
 it 's a marvelous piece of biochromatic art . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` and he released it in mercystar 's palace , '' lightsong said . 
 `` creating a distraction so that he could sneak into those tunnels . 
 someone else followed the intruder , and this second person killed a man to keep him from revealing what he 'd seen . 
 whatever is in those tunnels-wherever they lead-it 's important enough to waste breath on . 
 important enough to kill for . '' 
 blushweaver shook her head . 
 `` i still ca n't believe you are even worrying about this . '' 
 `` you said you knew about the tunnels , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i had llarimar ask around , and others know of them too . 
 they 're used for storage beneath the palaces , as said . 
 different gods have ordered them constructed at various times during the history of the court . 
 `` but , '' he continued , excited , `` they would also be the perfect place to set up a clandestine operation ! 
 the court is outside the jurisdiction of the regular city guards . 
 each palace is like a little , autonomous country ! 
 expand a few of those cellars so that their tunnels connect with others , dig them out past the walls so that you can come and go secretly ... '' `` lightsong , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` if something that secret were going on , then why would the priests use those tunnels to come into the court ? 
 would n't that be a little suspicious ? 
 i mean , if you noticed it , how hard could it be to discover ? '' 
 lightsong paused , then flushed slightly . 
 `` of course , '' he said . 
 `` i got so wrapped up in pretending to be useful that i forgot myself ! 
 thank you so much for reminding me that i am an idiot . '' 
 `` lightsong , i did n't mean - '' `` no , it 's quite all right , '' he said , standing . 
 `` why bother ? 
 i need to remember who i am . 
 lightsong , self-hating god . 
 the most useless person ever granted immortality . 
 just answer one question for me . '' 
 blushweaver paused . 
 `` what question ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked , looking at her . 
 `` why do i hate being a god ? 
 why do i act so frivolous ? 
 why do i undermine my own authority . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i always assumed it was because you were amused by the contrast . '' 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` blushweaver , i was like this from the first day . 
 when i awoke , i refused to believe i was a god . 
 refused to accept my place in this pantheon and this court . 
 i 've acted accordingly ever since . 
 and , if i might say , i 've gotten quite a bit more clever about it as the years have passed . 
 which is beside the point . 
 the thing i must focus on-the important point here-is why . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she confessed . 
 `` i do n't either , '' he said . 
 `` but whoever i was before , he 's trying to get out . 
 he keeps whispering for me to dig at this mystery . 
 keeps warning me that i 'm no god . 
 keeps prompting me to deal with all this in a frivolous way . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know who i was-nobody will tell me . 
 but i 'm beginning to have suspicions . 
 i was a person who could n't simply sit and let something unexplained slide away into the fog of memory . 
 i was a man who hated secrets . 
 and i 'm only just beginning to understand how many secrets there are in this court . '' 
 blushweaver looked taken aback . 
 `` now , '' he said , walking away from the pavilion , his servants hurrying to catch up , `` if you will excuse me , i have some business to attend to . '' 
 `` what business ? '' 
 blushweaver demanded , rising . 
 he glanced back . 
 `` to see allmother . 
 there are some lifeless commands that need to be dealt with . '' 
 39 aweek living in the gutters served to drastically change vivenna 's perspective on life . 
 she sold her hair on the second day for a depressingly small amount of money . 
 the food that she 'd bought had n't even filled her stomach , and she did n't have the strength to regrow the locks . 
 the haircut did n't even have the dignity of being cleanly shorn-it was a ragged job of hackwork , and the remaining hair would have still been a pale white , save for the fact that it was matted and blackened with dirt and soot . 
 she 'd thought about selling her breath , but would n't even know where to go or how to go about it . 
 besides , she had a strong feeling that denth would be watching places where she might sell the breath . 
 beyond that , she had no idea how to get the breaths back from her shawl , now that she 'd put them into it . 
 no . 
 she had to remain secret , unseen . 
 could n't draw attention to herself . 
 she sat on the side of the street , holding out her hand to the passing crowds , keeping her eyes down . 
 no offerings came . 
 she was n't certain how the other beggars did it ; their meager earnings seemed an amazing treasure . 
 they knew so much she did n't - where to sit , how to plead . 
 passers learned to avoid beggars , even with their eyes . 
 the successful beggars , then , were those who managed to draw attention . 
 vivenna was n't certain if she wanted the attention or not . 
 though the gnawing pain of hunger had eventually driven her out onto busy streets , she was still frightened that denth or vasher might find her . 
 the more hungry she got , the less other worries bothered her . 
 eating was a problem for now . 
 being killed by denth or vasher was a problem for later . 
 the flood of people in their colors continued to pass . 
 vivenna watched them without focusing on faces or bodies . 
 just colors . 
 like a spinning wheel , each spoke a different hue . 
 denth wo n't find me here , she thought . 
 he wo n't see the princess in the beggar on the side of the street . 
 her stomach growled . 
 she was learning to ignore it . 
 just as the people ignored her . 
 she did n't feel like she was a true beggar or child of the street , not after just one week . 
 but she was learning to imitate them , and her mind felt so fuzzy lately . 
 ever since she 'd gotten rid of her breath . 
 she pulled the shawl close . 
 she kept it with her always . 
 she still hardly believed what denth and the others had done . 
 she had such fond memories of their joking . 
 she could n't connect that to what she 'd seen in the cellar . 
 in fact , sometimes she found herself rising to seek them out . 
 surely the things she 'd seen had been hallucinations . 
 surely they could n't be such terrible men . 
 that 's foolish , she thought . 
 i need to focus . 
 why is n't my mind working right anymore ? 
 focus on what ? 
 there was n't much to think about . 
 she could n't go to denth . 
 parlin was dead . 
 the city authorities would be no help-she had now heard the rumors of the idrian princess who had been causing such troubles . 
 she 'd be arrested in a heartbeat . 
 if there were any more of her father 's agents in the city , she had no idea how to locate them without exposing herself to denth . 
 besides , there was a good chance that denth had found those agents and killed them . 
 he 'd been so clever at keeping her captive , quietly eliminating those who could have taken her to safety . 
 what did her father think ? 
 vivenna lost to him , every man he sent to retrieve her vanishing mysteriously , hallandren inching closer and closer to declaring war . 
 those were distant worries . 
 her stomach growled . 
 there were soup kitchens in the city , but at the first one she 'd gone to , she 'd spotted tonk fah lounging in a doorway across the street . 
 she 'd turned and scurried away , hoping he had n't seen her . 
 for the same reason , she did n't dare leave the city . 
 denth was sure to have agents watching the gates . 
 besides , where would she go ? 
 she did n't have the supplies for a trip back to idris . 
 perhaps she could leave if she managed to save up enough money . 
 that was hard , almost impossible . 
 every time she got a coin , she spent it on food . 
 she could n't help herself . 
 nothing else seemed to matter . 
 she 'd already lost weight . 
 her stomach growled again . 
 so she sat , sweaty and filthy in the meager shade . 
 she still wore only her shift and the shawl , though she was dirty enough that it was difficult to tell where clothing ended and skin began . 
 her former arrogant refusal to wear anything but the elegant dresses now seemed ridiculous . 
 she shook her head , trying to clear the fog from it . 
 one week on the street felt like an eternity-yet she knew that she 'd only just begun to experience the life of the poor . 
 how did they survive , sleeping in alleyways , getting rained on every day , jumping at every sound , feeling so hungry they were tempted to pick at and eat the rotting garbage they found in gutters ? 
 she 'd tried that . 
 she 'd even managed to keep some down . 
 it was the only thing she 'd had to eat in two days . 
 someone stopped beside her . 
 she looked up , eager , hand stretching out further until she saw the colors he wore . 
 yellow and blue . 
 city guard . 
 she grabbed at her shawl , pulling it closer . 
 it was foolish , she knew-nobody knew about the breaths it contained . 
 the move was reflexive . 
 the shawl was the only thing she owned , and-meager though it was-several urchins had already tried to steal it from her while she slept . 
 the guard did n't reach for her shawl . 
 he just nudged her with his truncheon . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 `` move . 
 no begging on this corner . '' 
 he did n't explain . 
 they never did . 
 there were apparently rules about where beggars could sit and where they could n't , but nobody bothered to provide the specifics to the beggars . 
 laws were things of lords and gods , not the lowly . 
 i 'm already starting to think about lords as if they were some other species . 
 vivenna rose and felt a moment of nausea and dizziness . 
 she rested against the side of the building , and the guard nudged her again , prompting her to shuffle away . 
 she bowed her head and moved along with the crowd , though most of them kept their distance from her . 
 ironic that they would leave her space now that she did n't care . 
 she did n't want to think about how she smelled-though more than the scent , it was the fear of being robbed that probably kept the others away . 
 they need n't have worried . 
 she was n't skilled enough to cut purses or pick pockets , and she could n't afford to get caught trying . 
 she 'd stopped worrying about the morality of stealing days ago . 
 even before leaving the slum alleys for the streets , she had n't been so naive as to believe that she would n't steal if she were denied food , though she had assumed that it would take her far longer to reach that state . 
 she did n't head to another corner , but instead shuffled out of the crowds , making her way back into the idrian slums . 
 here she 'd gained some small measure of acceptance . 
 at least she was considered one of them . 
 none knew that she was the princess-after that first man , nobody had recognized her . 
 however , her accent had earned her a place . 
 she began to seek out a location to spend the night . 
 that was one of the reasons she 'd decided not to continue begging for the evening . 
 it was a profitable time , true , but she was just so tired . 
 she wanted a good place to sleep . 
 she would n't have thought that it would make much difference which alleyway one huddled in , but some were warmer than others and some had better cover from the rain . 
 some were safer . 
 she was beginning to learn these things , as well as who to avoid angering . 
 in her case , that last group included pretty much everyone-including the urchins . 
 they were all above her in the pecking order . 
 she 'd learned that second day . 
 she 'd tried to bring back a coin from selling her hair , intending to save it for a chance at leaving the city . 
 she was n't certain how the urchins had known that she had coin , but she 'd gotten her first beating that day . 
 her favorite alleyway turned out to be occupied by a group of men with dark expressions , doing something that was obviously illegal . 
 she left quickly , going to her second-favorite . 
 it was crowded with a gang of urchins . 
 the ones who had beaten her before . 
 she left that one quickly as well . 
 the third alley was empty . 
 this one was beside a building with a bakery . 
 the ovens had n't yet been stoked for the night 's baking , but they would provide some warmth through the walls in the early morning . 
 she lay down , curling up with her back against the bricks , clutching her shawl close . 
 despite the lack of pillow or blanket , she was asleep in moments . 
 40 siri was enjoying a meal on the court green when treledees found her . 
 she ignored him , content to pick at the dishes in front of her . 
 the sea , she had decided , was quite strange . 
 what else could be said of a place that could spawn creatures with such wiggly tentacles and boneless bodies , and yet others with such needly skins ? 
 she poked at something the locals called a cucumber , but which-in actuality-tasted nothing like one . 
 she tried each dish , testing them with her eyes closed , focusing on the flavor . 
 some had n't been as bad as the others . 
 she had n't really liked any of them . 
 seafood just was n't appetizing to her . 
 i would have trouble becoming a true hallandren , she decided , sipping her fruit juice . 
 fortunately , the juice was delicious . 
 the variety , and flavor , of the numerous hallandren fruits was almost as remarkable as the oddity of its sea life . 
 treledees cleared his throat . 
 the god king 's high priest was not one accustomed to waiting . 
 siri nodded to her serving women , motioning for them to prepare another series of plates . 
 susebron had been coaching siri on how to eat with etiquette , and she wanted to practice . 
 coincidentally , his way of eating-taking small bites , never really finishing anything-was a good one for testing out new dishes . 
 she wanted to become familiar with hallandren , its ways , its people , its tastes . 
 she 'd forced her servants to begin talking to her more , and she planned to meet with more of the gods . 
 in the distance , she saw lightsong wandering by , and she waved to him fondly . 
 he seemed uncharacteristically preoccupied ; he waved back , but did n't come over to visit her . 
 pity , she thought . 
 i would have liked a good excuse to keep treledees waiting even longer . 
 the high priest cleared his throat again , this time more demandingly . 
 finally , siri stood , gesturing for her servants to stay behind . 
 `` would you mind walking with me for a bit , your excellency ? '' 
 she asked lightly . 
 she passed him , moving languidly in a gorgeous violet dress with a gossamer train that trailed through the grass behind her . 
 he hurried to catch up . 
 `` i need to speak to you about something . '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` i deduced that by the way that you summoned me several times today . '' 
 `` you did n't come , '' he said . 
 `` it seems to me that the consort of the god king should not make a habit of responding to demands and hopping to attend upon others whenever she is requested . '' 
 treledees frowned . 
 `` however , '' she continued , `` i will of course make time for the high priest himself , should he come to speak to me . '' 
 he eyed her , standing tall and straight-backed , wearing the god king 's colors of the day-blue and copper . 
 `` you should not antagonize me , your highness . '' 
 siri felt a brief flush off anxiety , but caught her hair before it bleached white . 
 `` i am not antagonizing you , '' she said . 
 `` i am simply establishing some rules that should have been understood from the beginning . '' 
 treledees got a hint of a smile on his face . 
 what ? 
 siri thought with surprise . 
 why that reaction ? 
 as they walked , he drew himself up . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 he said , his voice turning condescending . 
 `` you know very little of what you presume , your highness . '' 
 blast ! 
 she thought . 
 how did this conversation get away from me so quickly ? 
 `` i might say the same to you , your excellency . '' 
 the massive black temple of a palace loomed above them , sheer ebony blocks stacked like the playthings of gigantic child . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he said , glancing at her . 
 `` somehow i doubt that . '' 
 she had to force back another spear of anxiety . 
 treledees smiled again . 
 wait , she thought . 
 it 's like he can read my emotions . 
 like he can see ... her hair had n't changed colors , at least not discernibly . 
 she glanced at treledees , trying to figure out what was wrong . 
 she noticed something interesting . 
 in a circle around treledees , the grass seemed just a shade more colorful . 
 breath , she thought . 
 of course he 'd have it ! 
 he 's one of the most powerful men in the kingdom . 
 people with lots of breath were supposed to be able to see very minute changes in color . 
 could he really be reading her from such faint reactions in her hair ? 
 was that why he had always been so dismissive ? 
 could he see her fear ? 
 she gritted her teeth . 
 in her youth , siri had ignored the exercises that vivenna had done to make sure she had complete control over her hair . 
 siri was an emotional person , and people had been able to read her regardless her hair , so she 'd figured that there was no point in learning to manipulate the royal locks . 
 she had n't imagined a court of gods and men with the power of biochroma . 
 those tutors had been a whole lot more intelligent than siri had credited . 
 as were the priests . 
 now that she thought about it , it was obvious that treledees and the others would have studied the meanings of all the shades of hair changes . 
 she needed to get the conversation back on course . 
 `` do not forget , treledees , '' she said . 
 `` you are the one who came to see me . 
 obviously , i have some power here , if i could force even the high priest to do as i wish . '' 
 he glanced at her , eyes cold . 
 focusing , she kept her hair the deepest black . 
 black , for confidence . 
 she met his eyes , and let not even a slight tinge color her locks . 
 he finally turned away . 
 `` i have heard disturbing rumors . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it appears that you are no longer fulfilling your wifely duties . 
 are you pregnant ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` i had my women 's issue just a couple of days ago . 
 you can ask my servants . '' 
 `` then why have you stopped trying ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked lightly . 
 `` are your spies disappointed to be missing their nightly show ? '' 
 treledees flushed just slightly . 
 he glanced at her , and she still managed to keep her hair perfectly black . 
 not even a glimmer of white or red . 
 he seemed more uncertain . 
 `` you idrians , '' the priest spat . 
 `` living up in your lofty mountains , dirty and uncultured , but still assuming that you 're better than us . 
 do n't judge me . 
 do n't judge us . 
 you know nothing . '' 
 `` i know that you 've been listening in on the god king 's chamber . '' 
 `` not just listening , '' treledees said . 
 `` the first few nights , there was a spy in the chambers itself . '' 
 siri could n't mask this blush . 
 her hair remained mostly black , but if treledees really did have enough biochroma to distinguish subtle changes , he would have seen a hint of red . 
 `` i am well aware of the poisonous things your monks teach , '' treledees said , turning away . 
 `` the hatred into which you 're indoctrinated . 
 do you really think that we 'd let a woman from idris confront the god king himself , alone , unwatched ? 
 we had to make certain you were n't intending to kill him . 
 we 're still not convinced . '' 
 `` you speak with remarkable frankness , '' she noted . 
 `` merely saying some things that i should have established from the beginning . '' 
 they stopped in the shadow of the massive palace . 
 `` you are not important here . 
 not compared to our god king . 
 he is everything , and you are nothing . 
 just like the rest of us . '' 
 if susebron is so important , siri thought , meeting treledees 's eyes , then why are you planning to kill him ? 
 she held his eyes . 
 the woman she 'd been a few months ago would have looked away . 
 but when she felt weak , she remembered susebron . 
 treledees was orchestrating the plot to subdue , control , and eventually kill his own god king . 
 and siri wanted to know why . 
 `` i stopped hav ** g s * x with the god king on purpose , '' she said , keeping her hair dark with some effort . 
 `` i knew it would get your attention . '' 
 in truth , she had simply stopped her little performances each night . 
 treledees 's reaction , fortunately , proved that the priests believed her acting . 
 for that she blessed her luck . 
 they might still be unaware that she could communicate with susebron . 
 she was extra careful to whisper at night , and had even taken to writing things herself , to keep up the charade . 
 `` you must produce an heir , '' treledees said . 
 `` or what ? 
 why are you so eager , treledees ? '' 
 `` it is none of your concern , '' he said . 
 `` suffice it to say that i have obligations that you can not comprehend . 
 i am subject to the gods , and i do their will , not yours . '' 
 `` well you 're going to have to bend on that last part if you want your heir , '' siri said . 
 treledees obviously did not like how the conversation was going . 
 he glanced at her hair . 
 and , somehow , she kept it from showing even a slight bit of uncertainty . 
 he looked back at her eyes . 
 `` you ca n't kill me , treledees , '' she said . 
 `` not if you want a royal heir . 
 you ca n't bully me or force me . 
 only the god king could do that . 
 and , we know how he is . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you mean , '' treledees said flatly . 
 `` oh , come now , '' siri said . 
 `` did you honestly expect me to sleep with the man and not find out he has no tongue ? 
 that he 's virtually a child ? 
 i doubt he can even go to the privy without help from some servants . '' 
 treledees flushed with anger . 
 he really does care , siri noted abstractly . 
 or , at least , insulting his god king insults him . 
 he 's more devoted than i would have expected . 
 so it probably was n't about money . 
 she could n't be sure , but she suspected that this was not the type of man to sell out his religion . 
 whatever the reasons for what was happening inside the palace , it probably had to do with true conviction . 
 revealing what she knew about susebron was a gamble . 
 she figured that treledees would guess anyway , and so it would be better to indicate that she thought susebron a fool with the mind of a child . 
 give away one bit of information , but also mislead with another . 
 if they assumed that she thought susebron a fool , they would n't suspect an conspiracy between her and her husband . 
 siri was n't certain if she was doing the right thing . 
 but she needed to learn , or susebron would die . 
 and the only way to learn was to do . 
 she did n't have much , but she did have one thing that the priests wanted : her womb . 
 it seemed that she could hold it for ransom effectively , for treledees suppressed his anger and maintained a semblance of calm . 
 turning from her , he glanced up at the palace . 
 `` do you know much about the history of this kingdom ? 
 after your family departed , of course . '' 
 siri frowned , surprised at the question . 
 more than you probably think , she thought . 
 `` not really , '' she said out loud . 
 `` lord peacegiver left us with a challenge , '' treledees said . 
 `` he gave us the treasure our god king now holds , a wealth of biochromatic breath such as nobody had ever seen . 
 over fifty thousand breaths . 
 he told us to keep them safe . '' 
 treledees turned back to her . 
 `` and he warned us not to use it . '' 
 siri felt a slight shiver . 
 `` i do not expect you to understand what we have done , '' treledees said . 
 `` but it was necessary . '' 
 `` necessary to keep a man in bondage ? '' 
 siri said . 
 `` to deprive him of the ability to speak , to make a permanent child out of a grown man ? 
 he did n't even understand what he was supposed to do with a woman ! '' 
 `` it was necessary , '' treledees said , jaw set . 
 `` you idrians . 
 you do n't even try to understand . 
 i 've had dealings with your father for years , and i sense the same ignorant prejudice in him . '' 
 he 's baiting me , siri thought , keeping her emotions in check . 
 it was harder than she 'd expected . 
 `` believing in austre instead of your living gods is not ignorance . 
 after all , you 're the ones who abandoned our faith and took an easier path . '' 
 `` we follow the god who came to protect us when your austre-an unseen , unknown thing-abandoned us to the destroyer kalad . 
 peacegiver returned to life with a specific purpose-to stop the conflict between men , to bring peace again to hallandren . '' 
 he glanced at her . 
 `` his name is holy . 
 he is the one who gave us life , vessel . 
 and he only asked one thing of us : to care for his power . 
 he died to give it to us , but demanded that it be held in case he should return again and need it . 
 we could n't let it be used . 
 we could n't let it be profaned . 
 not even by our god king . '' 
 he fell silent . 
 so how do you get that treasure away from him to pass on ? 
 she thought . 
 she was tempted to ask . 
 would that be giving away too much ? 
 finally , treledees continued . 
 `` i see now why your father sent you instead of the other one . 
 we should have studied all of the daughters , not just the first . 
 you are far more capable than we had been led to believe . '' 
 the statement surprised her , but she kept her hair in check . 
 treledees sighed , looking away . 
 `` what are your demands ? 
 what will it take to make you return to your ... duties each night ? '' 
 `` my servants , '' she said . 
 `` i want to replace my main serving women with the women from pahn kahl . '' 
 `` you are displeased with your serving women ? '' 
 `` not particularly , '' siri said . 
 `` i simply feel that i have more in common with the women of pahn kahl . 
 they , like me , are living in exile from their own people . 
 besides , i like the browns they wear . '' 
 `` of course , '' treledees said , obviously thinking her idrian prejudices were behind the request . 
 `` the hallandren girls can continue to serve in the roles that the pahn kahl women did , '' siri said . 
 `` they do n't have to leave me completely-in fact , i still want to talk to some of them . 
 however , the main women who are with me always , they are to be from pahn kahl . '' 
 `` as i said , '' treledees said . 
 `` it shall be done . 
 you 'll return to your efforts , then ? '' 
 `` for now , '' siri said . 
 `` that will earn you a few more weeks . '' 
 treledees frowned , but what could he really do ? 
 siri smiled at him , then turned and walked away . 
 however , she found herself dissatisfied with the way the conversation had gone . 
 she 'd achieved a victory-but at the cost of antagonizing treledees even further . 
 i doubt he would have taken a liking to me , no matter how hard i tried , she decided , sitting down in her pavilion . 
 this is probably the better way . 
 she still did n't know what was going to happen to susebron ; at least she had confirmed that manipulating the priests was possible . 
 that meant something , though she knew she was treading dangerous ground . 
 she turned back to her meal , ready to try another round of seafood . 
 she did her best to learn about hallandren , but if it came down to susebron 's life , she was going to get him out . 
 she hoped that giving bluefingers 's pahn kahl a more prominent role in her service would facilitate that escape . 
 she hoped . 
 with a sigh , she raised the first bit of food to her lips and continued with her tasting . 
 41 vivenna presented her coin . 
 `` one bit ? '' 
 cads asked . 
 `` that 's all ? 
 one single bit ? '' 
 he was among the dirtiest men she 'd met , even in the streets . 
 he liked fancy clothing , though . 
 it was his style-worn and dirty clothing in the latest designs . 
 he seemed to think it was funny . 
 a mockery of the highborn . 
 he turned her coin over in his grime-covered fingers . 
 `` one bit , '' he repeated . 
 `` please , '' vivenna whispered . 
 they stood at the mouth of an alley at the back two restaurants . 
 just inside the alley , she could see urchins rooting in the garbage . 
 fresh garbage from two restaurants . 
 she salivated . 
 `` i find it hard to believe , lady girly , '' he said , `` that this is all you made today . '' 
 `` please , cads , '' she said again . 
 `` you know ... you know i do n't beg well . '' 
 it was starting to rain . 
 again . 
 `` you should do better , '' he said . 
 `` even the children can bring me at least two . '' 
 behind him , the fortunates who had pleased him continued to feast . 
 it smelled so good . 
 or maybe that was the restaurants . 
 `` i have n't eaten in days , '' she whispered , blinking away the rain . 
 `` then do better tomorrow , '' he said , shooing her away . 
 `` my coin - '' cads immediately waved for his toughs as she reached toward him . 
 vivenna shied away reflexively , stumbling . 
 `` two tomorrow , '' cads said , walking into his alleyway . 
 `` i have to pay the restaurant owners , you know . 
 ca n't let you eat for free . '' 
 vivenna stood , staring at him . 
 not because she thought she could get him to change his mind . 
 but because she just had trouble making her mind understand . 
 it was her last chance for food this day . 
 one bit would n't buy anything more than a mouthful elsewhere , but here-last time-it had allowed her to eat until she was full . 
 that had been a week ago . 
 how long had she been on the streets now ? 
 she did n't know . 
 she turned , dully , and pulled her shawl tight . 
 it was dusk . 
 she should go beg some more . 
 she could n't . 
 not after losing that bit . 
 she felt shaken , as if her most valuable possession had been stolen . 
 no . 
 no . 
 she still had that . 
 she pulled the shawl close . 
 why was it important ? 
 she had trouble remembering . 
 she shuffled back toward the highlands . 
 her home . 
 a part of her realized that she should n't feel so distant from the person she had been . 
 she was a princess , was n't she ? 
 but she felt so sick lately , sick enough that she did n't even think she could feel the hunger anymore . 
 it was all so wrong . 
 so very , very wrong . 
 she entered the slums and crept along , careful to keep her head bowed , her back cowed , lest someone take offense at her . 
 she hesitated as she walked , however , passing a street to her right . 
 it was where the whores waited , protected from the drizzle by an awning . 
 vivenna stared at them , standing in their revealing clothing . 
 it was only two streets into the slum , a place that was n't too threatening for outsiders . 
 everyone knew not to rob a man on his way to visit the whores . 
 the slumlords did n't like it when their customers got scared away . 
 bad for business , as denth might say . 
 vivenna stood for a long moment . 
 the whores looked fed . 
 they were n't dirty . 
 several of them laughed . 
 she could join them . 
 an urchin had spoken of it the other day , mentioned that she was still young . 
 he 'd wanted her to come to the slumlord with him , hoping to get some coin for recruiting a willing girl . 
 it was so tempting . 
 food . 
 warmth . 
 a dry bed . 
 blessed austre , she thought , shaking herself . 
 what am i thinking ? 
 what is wrong with my mind ? 
 it was so hard to focus . 
 as if she were in a trance all the time . 
 she forced herself to keep moving , stumbling away from the women . 
 she would n't do that . 
 not yet . 
 not yet . 
 oh , lord of colors , she thought with horror . 
 i need to get out of this city . 
 better for me to die , starving on the road back to idris-better to get taken by denth and tortured-than to end up in the brothel . 
 however , much like the morality of stealing , the morality of using her body seemed much vaguer to her now , when her hunger was such a constant need . 
 she made her way to her latest alleyway . 
 she 'd been kicked out of the others . 
 but this one was good . 
 it was secluded , yet often filled with younger urchins . 
 their company made her feel better , though she knew they searched her at night for coins . 
 i ca n't believe how tired i am ... she thought , head spinning , putting her hand against the wall . 
 she took a few deep breaths . 
 the dizzy spells struck often these days . 
 she started forward again . 
 the alleyway was empty , everyone else staying out in the evening to try for a few extra coins . 
 she took the best of the spots-an earthen mound which had managed to grow a small tuft of grass . 
 there were n't even that many lumps in the dirt , though it would be wet with mud from the light rain . 
 she did n't care about that . 
 shadows darkened the alleyway behind her . 
 her reaction was immediate . 
 she started to run . 
 living on the streets taught quick lessons . 
 weak as she was , in her panic she managed a burst of speed . 
 then another shadow stepped across the other end of the alley ahead of her . 
 she froze , then turned to see a group of thugs moving up the alleyway behind her . 
 at their back was the man who had robbed her a few weeks ago , the one who had taken her dress . 
 he looked chagrined . 
 `` sorry , princess , '' he said . 
 `` bounty just got too high . 
 took me blasted long enough to find you , though . 
 you did a great job of hiding . '' 
 vivenna blinked . 
 and then she simply let herself slide down to the ground . 
 i just ca n't take any more , she thought , wrapping her arms around herself . 
 she was exhausted . 
 mentally , emotionally , completely . 
 in a way , she was glad it was over . 
 she did n't know what the men would do to her , but she did know it was over . 
 whomever they sold her to would n't be careless enough to let her escape again . 
 the thugs clustered around her . 
 she heard one mention taking her to denth . 
 rough hands grabbed her arm , towing her to her feet . 
 she followed with head bowed . 
 they led her out onto the main street . 
 it was growing dim , but no urchins or beggars made their way toward the alley . 
 i should have realized , she thought . 
 it was too deserted . 
 everything , finally , overwhelmed her . 
 she could n't summon the energy to care about escaping , not again . 
 a part of her , deep inside , realized that her tutors had been right . 
 when you were weak and hungry , it was hard to summon the energy to care about anything , even escape . 
 she had trouble remembering her tutors now . 
 she had trouble even remembering what it was like to not be hungry . 
 the thugs stopped walking . 
 vivenna looked up , blinking away her dizziness . 
 there was something in the dark , wet street in front of them . 
 a black sword . 
 the weapon , silver sheath and all , had been rammed into the dirt . 
 the street grew still . 
 one of the thugs stepped forward , pulling the sword from the ground . 
 he undid the sheath clasp . 
 vivenna felt a sudden nausea , more of a memory than a real sensation . 
 she stumbled back , horrified . 
 the other thugs , transfixed , gathered up around their friend . 
 one of them reached for the hilt . 
 the man carrying the sword struck . 
 he swung the weapon , sheath and all , into the face of his friend . 
 a black smoke began to twist off the sword , rising from the tiny sliver of blade that was visible . 
 men cried out , each one scrambling for the sword . 
 the man holding it continued to swing , the weapon hitting with far more force and damage than it should have . 
 bones broke , blood began to run on the cobblestones . 
 the man continued to attack , moving with terrible speed . 
 vivenna , still stumbling backward , could see his eyes . 
 they were terrified . 
 he killed his last friend-the one who had robbed her on that day that now seemed so long ago-by slamming the sheathed sword down against the man 's back . 
 bones cracked . 
 by now , the clothing on the sword wielder 's arm had disintegrated , and a blackness-like vines growing on a wall-had twisted up around his shoulder . 
 black , pulsing veins that bulged out of the skin . 
 the man screamed a piercing , desperate cry . 
 then he twisted the sword around and rammed it , sheath and all , through his chest . 
 it cut skin and flesh , though the sheath itself did n't look sharpened . 
 the man stumbled to his knees , then slumped backward , twitching , staring up into the air as the black veins on his arm began to evaporate . 
 he died like that , kneeling , held upright by the sword that came out through his back , propping him up from behind . 
 vivenna stood alone on a street littered with corpses . 
 a figure descended from a rooftop , lowered by two twisting lengths of animated rope . 
 he landed softly , ropes falling dead . 
 he passed vivenna , ignoring her , and grabbed the sword . 
 he paused for a moment , then did up the clasp and pulled the weapon-sheath and all-free from the corpse . 
 the dead man finally fell to the ground . 
 vivenna stared dully ahead . 
 then , numb , she sat down in the street . 
 she did n't even flinch as vasher picked her up and slung her over his shoulder . 
 42 her grace is not interested in seeing you , '' the priestess said , maintaining a reverent posture . 
 `` well i 'm not interested in her uninterest , '' lightsong said . 
 `` perhaps you should ask her again , just to be sure . '' 
 the priestess bowed her head . 
 `` my pardons , your grace , but i have already asked fourteen times . 
 goddess allmother is growing impatient with your requests , and she instructed me not to respond to them anymore . '' 
 `` did she give the same command to the other priestesses ? '' 
 the priestess paused . 
 `` well , no , your grace . '' 
 `` wonderful , '' lightsong said . 
 `` send for one of them . 
 then send her to ask allmother if she will see me . '' 
 the priestess sighed audibly ; lightsong considered that something of a victory . 
 allmother 's priests were among the most pious-and most humble-in the court . 
 if he could annoy them , he could annoy anyone . 
 he waited , hands on hips , as the priestess went to do his bidding . 
 allmother could give them orders and commands , but she could n't tell them to completely ignore lightsong . 
 after all , he was a god too . 
 as long as he asked them to something other than what allmother had explicitly forbidden , they had to obey . 
 even if it annoyed their goddess . 
 `` i 'm developing a new skill , '' lightsong said . 
 `` irritation by proxy ! '' 
 llarimar sighed . 
 `` what about your speech to goddess blushweaver a few days ago , your grace ? 
 it seemed to imply that you were not going to annoy people as much . '' 
 `` i said nothing of the sort , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i simply said that i was coming to recognize within myself a little more of the person i used to be . 
 that does n't mean i 'm going to discard all the progress i 've made over the last few years . '' 
 `` your sense of self-awareness is remarkable , your grace . '' 
 `` i know ! 
 now , hush . 
 the priestess is coming back . '' 
 indeed , the woman approached and bowed before lightsong on the grass . 
 `` my apologies , your grace . 
 our goddess , however , has now requested that no priestess be allowed to ask her if you can come in to see her . '' 
 `` did she tell them that they could n't ask if she would come out here ? '' 
 `` yes , your grace , '' the priestess said . 
 `` and every other phrasing that would imply asking her to come within your grace 's proximity , or communicate with him by letter , or relay messages from him in any form . '' 
 `` hum , '' he said , tapping his chin . 
 `` she 's getting better . 
 well , i guess there 's nothing to be done . '' 
 the priestess relaxed visibly . 
 `` scoot , set up my pavilion here in front of her palace , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i 'm going to be sleeping here tonight . '' 
 the priestess looked up . 
 `` you 're going to do what ? '' 
 llarimar asked . 
 lightsong shrugged . 
 `` i 'm not moving until i meet with her . 
 that means staying until she acknowledges me . 
 it 's been over a week ! 
 if she wants to be stubborn , then i 'll prove that i can be equally stubborn . '' 
 he eyed the priestess . 
 `` i 'm quite practiced at it , you know . 
 comes from being an insufferable buffoon , and all . 
 i do n't suppose she forbade you from allowing squirrels into the building ? '' 
 `` squirrels , your grace ? '' 
 the woman asked . 
 `` excellent , '' lightsong said , sitting down as his servants erected the pavilion . 
 he pulled the lifeless squirrel from its box and held it forward . 
 `` almond grass , '' he said quietly , giving the new command he 'd had his people imprint on the lifeless . 
 then he spoke louder , so that the priestess could hear . 
 `` go into the building , search out the returned who lives in it , and run around in circles squeaking as loudly as you can . 
 do n't let anyone catch you . 
 oh , and destroy as much furniture as you can . '' 
 then , more quietly , he repeated , `` almond grass . '' 
 the squirrel immediately jumped off his hand and shot toward the palace . 
 the priestess twisted her head to follow it , horrified . 
 the squirrel began to screech with a sound that seemed amazingly un-squirrel-like . 
 it disappeared into the building , slipping between the legs of a startled guard . 
 `` what a delightful afternoon it 's becoming , '' lightsong said , reaching for a handful of grapes as the priestess rushed after the squirrel . 
 `` it wo n't be able to follow all of those orders , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` it has the mind of a squirrel , despite the power that breath gives it to obey commands . '' 
 lightsong shrugged . 
 `` we shall see . '' 
 he began to hear shouts of annoyance from inside the palace . 
 he smiled . 
 it took longer than he had expected . 
 allmother was stubborn , as proved by blushweaver 's complete inability to manipulate her . 
 as he sat-idly listening to a group of musicians-a priestess occasionally checked on him . 
 several hours passed . 
 he did n't eat or drink very much so he did n't need to visit the privy . 
 he ordered his musicians to play louder . 
 he had picked a group with a lot of percussion . 
 finally , a frazzled-looking priestess came out of the palace . 
 `` her grace will see you , '' the woman said , bowing before lightsong . 
 `` hum ? '' 
 lightsong said . 
 `` oh , that . 
 do i have to go now ? 
 ca n't i finish listening to this song ? '' 
 the priestess glanced up . 
 `` i - '' `` oh , very well then , '' lightsong said , rising . 
 <br/> `` i dreamed that you would come , '' she said , meeting his gaze . 
 `` i saw it in the pictures a week ago . 
 all week , i 've seen patterns of circles in the paintings , all red and gold . 
 your colors . '' 
 `` coincidence , '' he said . 
 she snorted quietly . 
 `` someday , you 'll have to get over your foolish selfishness , lightsong . 
 this is n't just about us . 
 i 've decided to start doing a better job of things . 
 perhaps you should take a look at who you are and what you are doing . '' 
 `` ah , my dear allmother , '' lightsong said . 
 `` you see , the problem in that challenge is the presumption that i have n't tried to be something other than what i am . 
 every time i do , disaster is the result . '' 
 `` well , you now have my commands . 
 for better , or for worse . '' 
 the aged goddess turned away , walking back toward her room of supplicants . 
 `` i , for one , am curious to see how you handle them . '' 
 43 vivenna awoke , sick , tired , thirsty , starving . 
 but alive . 
 she opened her eyes , feeling a strange sensation . 
 comfort . 
 she was in a comfortable soft bed . 
 she sat up immediately ; her head spun . 
 `` i 'd be careful , '' a voice said . 
 `` your body is weak . '' 
 she blinked fuzzy eyes , focusing on a figure sitting at a table a short distance away , his back to her . 
 he appeared to be eating . 
 a black sword in a silver sheath rested against the table . 
 `` you , '' she whispered . 
 `` me , '' he said between bites . 
 she looked down at herself . 
 she was n't wearing her shift anymore , but instead had on a set of soft cotton sleeping garments . 
 her body was clean . 
 she raised a hand to her hair , feeling that the tangles and mats were gone . 
 it was still white . 
 she felt so strange to be clean . 
 `` did you rape me ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 he snorted . 
 `` a woman who 's been to denth 's bed holds no temptation for me . '' 
 `` i never slept with him , '' she said , though she did n't know why she cared to tell him . 
 vasher turned , face still framed by the patchy , ragged beard . 
 his clothing was far less fine than her own . 
 he studied her eyes . 
 `` he had you fooled , did n't he ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` idiot . '' 
 she nodded again . 
 he turned back to his meal . 
 `` the woman who runs this building , '' he said . 
 `` i paid her to bathe you , dress you , and change your bedpan . 
 i never touched you . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` what ... happened ? '' 
 `` do you remember the fight on the street ? '' 
 `` with your sword ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` vaguely . 
 you saved me . '' 
 `` i kept a tool out of denth 's hands , '' he said . 
 `` that 's all that really matters . '' 
 `` thank you anyway . '' 
 he was silent for a few moments . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' he finally said . 
 `` why do i feel so ill ? '' 
 `` tramaria , '' the man said . 
 `` it 's a disease you do n't have in the highlands . 
 insect bites spread it . 
 you probably got it a few weeks before i found you . 
 it stays with you , if you 're weak . '' 
 she put a hand to her head . 
 `` you probably had a pretty bad time lately , '' vasher noted . 
 `` what with the dizziness , the dementia , and the hunger . '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` you deserved it . '' 
 he continued to eat . 
 she did n't move for a long moment . 
 his food smelled so good , but she 'd apparently been fed during the fevers , for she was n't as famished as she might have expected . 
 just mildly hungry . 
 `` how long was i unconscious ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` a week , '' he said . 
 `` you should sleep some more . '' 
 `` what are you going to do with me ? '' 
 he did n't reply . 
 `` the biochromatic breaths you had , '' he said . 
 `` you gave them to denth ? '' 
 she paused , thinking . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he glanced at her , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` no , '' she admitted , looking away . 
 `` i put them in the shawl i was wearing . '' 
 he stood , leaving the room . 
 she considered running . 
 instead , she got out of the bed and began to eat his food-a fish , whole and fried . 
 seafood did n't bother her anymore . 
 he returned , then stopped in the doorway , watching her ravage the fish bones . 
 he did n't force her out of the seat ; he simply took the other chair at the table . 
 finally , he held up the shawl , washed and clean . 
 `` this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she froze , a bit of fish on her cheek . 
 he set the shawl on the table beside her . 
 `` you 're giving it back to me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` if there really is breath stored in it , i ca n't get to it . 
 only you can . '' 
 she picked it up . 
 `` i do n't know the command . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you escaped those ropes of mine without awakening them ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i guessed that one . '' 
 `` i should have gagged you better . 
 what do you mean you ` guessed ' it ? '' 
 `` it was the first time i 'd ever used breath . '' 
 `` that 's right , you 're of the royal line . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 he just shook his head , pointing toward the shawl . 
 `` your breath to mine , '' he said . 
 `` that 's the command you want . '' 
 she laid her hand on the shawl and said the words . 
 immediately , everything changed . 
 her dizziness went away . 
 her deadness to the world vanished . 
 she gasped , shaking with the pleasure of breath restored . 
 it was so strong that she actually fell from the chair , quivering like a person having a fit with the wonder of it . 
 it was amazing . 
 she could sense life . 
 could sense vasher making a pocket of color around him that was bright and beautiful . 
 she was alive again . 
 she basked in that for a long moment . 
 `` it 's shocking , when you first get it , '' vasher said . 
 `` it 's usually not too bad if you take the breath back after only an hour or so . 
 wait weeks , or even a few days , and it 's like taking it in for the first time . '' 
 smiling , feeling amazing , she climbed back into the seat and wiped the fish from her face . 
 `` my sickness is gone ! '' 
 `` of course , '' he said . 
 `` you 've got enough breath for at least the third heightening , if i 'm reading you right . 
 you 'll never know sickness . 
 you 'll barely even age . 
 assuming you manage to hang on to the breath , of course . '' 
 she looked up at him in a panic . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not going to force you to give it to me . 
 though i probably should . 
 you 're far more trouble than you 're worth , princess . '' 
 she turned back to the food , feeling more confident . 
 it seemed now as if the last few weeks had been a nightmare . 
 a bubble , surreal , disconnected from her life . 
 had it really been she who had sat on the street , begging ? 
 had she really slept in the rain , lived in the mud ? 
 had she really considered turning to prostitution ? 
 she had . 
 she could n't forget that just because she now had breath again . 
 but had becoming a drab had a hand in her actions ? 
 had the sickness had a part in it too ? 
 either way , the greatest part had been simple desperation . 
 `` all right , '' he said , standing , picking up the black sword . 
 `` time to go . '' 
 `` go where ? '' 
 she asked , suspicious . 
 the last time she had met this man , he 'd bound her , forced her to touch that sword of his , and left her gagged . 
 he ignored her concern , tossing a pile of clothing onto the table . 
 `` put this on . '' 
 she picked through it . 
 thick trousers , a tunic that tucked into them , a vest to go over the tunic . 
 all of various shades of blue . 
 there were undergarments of a less bright color . 
 `` that 's a man 's clothing , '' she said . 
 `` it 's utilitarian , '' vasher said , walking toward the doorway . 
 `` i 'm not going to waste money buying you fancy dresses , princess . 
 you 'll just have to get used to those . '' 
 she opened her mouth , but then shut it , discarding her complaint . 
 she 'd just spent ... she did n't know how long running around in a thin , nearly translucent shift that had only covered her to midthigh . 
 she took the trousers and shirts gratefully . 
 `` please , '' she said , turning toward him . 
 `` i appreciate this clothing . 
 but can i at least know what you intend to do with me ? '' 
 vasher hesitated in the doorway . 
 `` i have work for you to do . '' 
 she shivered , thinking of the bodies denth had shown her , and of the men vasher had killed . 
 `` you 're going to kill again , are n't you ? '' 
 he turned back toward her , frowning . 
 `` denth is working toward something . 
 i 'm going to block him . '' 
 `` denth was working for me , '' she said . 
 `` or , at least , he was pretending to . 
 all of those things he did , they were at my command . 
 he was just playing along to keep me complacent . '' 
 vasher gave a barking laugh , and vivenna flushed . 
 her hair-responding to her mood for the first time since her shock at seeing parlin dead-turned red . 
 it felt so surreal . 
 two weeks on the street ? 
 it felt so much longer . 
 but now , suddenly , she was cleaned and fed , and somehow she felt like her old self again . 
 part of it was the breath . 
 the beautiful , wonderful breath . 
 she never wanted to be parted from it again . 
 not her old self at all . 
 who was she , then ? 
 did it matter ? 
 `` you laugh at me , '' she said , turning to vasher . 
 `` but i was just doing the best i could . 
 i wanted to help my people in the upcoming war . 
 fight against hallandren . '' 
 `` hallandren is n't your enemy . '' 
 `` it is , '' she said sharply . 
 `` and it is planning to march on my people . '' 
 `` the priests have good reasons for acting as they do . '' 
 vivenna snorted . 
 `` denth said that every man thinks he 's doing the right thing . '' 
 `` denth is too smart for his own good . 
 he was playing with you , princess . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` did n't it ever occur to you ? '' 
 vasher asked . 
 `` attacking supply caravans ? 
 rousing the idrian poor to rebel ? 
 reminding them of vahr and his promises of freedom , which were so fresh in their minds ? 
 showing yourself to thug lords , making them think that idris was working to undermine the hallandren government ? 
 princess , you say every man thinks he 's on the right side , that every man who opposed you was deluding himself . '' 
 he met her eyes . 
 `` did n't you ever once stop to think that maybe you were the one on the wrong side ? '' 
 vivenna froze . 
 `` denth was n't working for you , '' vasher said . 
 `` he was n't even pretending to . 
 someone in this city hired him to start a war between idris and hallandren , and he 's spent these last few months using you to make it happen . 
 i 'm trying to figure out why . 
 who 's behind it , and why would a war serve them ? '' 
 vivenna sat back , eyes wide . 
 it could n't be . 
 he had to be wrong . 
 `` you were the perfect pawn , '' vasher said . 
 `` you reminded the people in the slums of their true heritage , giving denth someone to rally them behind . 
 the court of gods is a hair 's breadth away from marching on your homeland . 
 not because they hate idrians , but because they feel like idris insurgents have already been attacking them . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i could n't believe that you did n't realize what you were doing . 
 i assumed you had to be working with him intentionally to start the war . '' 
 he eyed her . 
 `` i underestimated your stupidity . 
 get dressed . 
 i do n't know if we have enough time to undo what you 've done , but i intend to try . '' 
 the clothing felt strange . 
 the trousers pulled at her thighs , making her feel like she was exposed . 
 it was odd not to have the swishing of skirts at her ankles . 
 she walked beside vasher without comment , head bowed , hair too short to even put into a braid . 
 she did n't try to regrow it yet . 
 that would draw needed nourishment from her body . 
 they passed through the idrian slum , and vivenna had to fight to keep herself from jumping at every sound , looking over her shoulder to see if someone was following her . 
 was that an urchin wanting to steal the money she 'd begged ? 
 was that a group of thugs , wishing to sell her to denth ? 
 were those shadows grey-eyed lifeless , come to attack and slaughter ? 
 they passed a waif beside the road , a young woman of indeterminable age but with a soot-covered face and bright eyes that watched them . 
 vivenna could read the hunger in those eyes . 
 the woman was trying to decide whether or not to try stealing from them . 
 the sword in vasher 's hand was obviously enough to ward the girl away . 
 vivenna watched her scurry down an alleyway , feeling an odd sense of connection . 
 colors , she thought . 
 was that really me ? 
 no . 
 she had n't even been as capable as that girl . 
 vivenna had been so naive that she 'd been kidnapped without knowing it , then worked to start a war without realizing what she was doing . 
 did n't you ever stop to think that maybe you were on the wrong side ? 
 she was n't sure what to believe . 
 she 'd been taken in so quickly by denth that she was hesitant to accept anything this vasher said . 
 however , she could see signs that some of what he had told her were true . 
 denth had always taken her to meet with the less reputable elements in the city . 
 not only were they the ones a mercenary like him would know , but they would be more likely to prefer the chaos of war . 
 attacking the hallandren supplies would n't only make it more difficult to administer the war , it would make the priests more likely to attack while they were still strong . 
 the losses would also serve to make them angrier . 
 it made chilling sense-sense it was hard for her to ignore . 
 `` denth made me think that the war was inevitable , '' vivenna whispered as they walked through the slums . 
 `` my father thinks it 's inevitable . 
 everyone says it 's going to happen . '' 
 `` they 're wrong , '' vasher said . 
 `` war between hallandren and idris has been close for decades , but never inevitable . 
 getting this kingdom to attack requires convincing the returned-and they 're generally too focused on themselves to want something as disruptive as a war . 
 only an extended effort-first convincing the priests , then getting them to argue until the gods believed them-would be successful . '' 
 vivenna stared ahead down the dirty streets with their colorful refuse . 
 `` i really am useless , are n't i ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 vasher glanced over at her . 
 `` first , my father sent my sister to marry the god king instead of me . 
 i followed , but i did n't even know what i was doing-denth took me on the very first day i was here . 
 when i finally escaped him , i could n't make it a month on the street without getting robbed , beaten , and then captured . 
 now you claim that i 've single-handedly brought my people to the edge of war . '' 
 vasher snorted . 
 `` do n't give yourself too much credit . 
 denth has been working on this war for a long time . 
 from what i hear , he corrupted the idrian ambassador himself . 
 plus there are elements in the hallandren government-the ones who hired denth in the first place-who want this conflict to happen . '' 
 it was all so confusing . 
 what he said made sense , but denth had made sense too . 
 she needed to know more . 
 `` do you have any guesses who they might be ? 
 the ones who hired denth ? '' 
 vasher shook his head . 
 `` one of the gods , i think-or perhaps a cabal of them . 
 maybe a group of priests , working on their own . '' 
 they fell silent again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 vivenna finally asked . 
 `` how should i know ? '' 
 vasher asked . 
 `` i ca n't even figure out who 's behind it . '' 
 `` no , '' vivenna said . 
 `` not that . 
 i mean , why are you involved ? 
 why do you care ? '' 
 `` because , '' vasher said . 
 `` because why ? '' 
 vasher sighed . 
 `` look , princess . 
 i 'm not like denth ; i do n't have his ability with words , and i do n't really like people in the first place . 
 do n't expect me to chat with you . 
 all right ? '' 
 vivenna shut her mouth in surprise . 
 if he 's trying to manipulate me , she thought , he has a very strange way of doing it . 
 their destination turned out to be a run-down building on the corner of a run-down intersection . 
 as they approached , vivenna paused to wonder exactly how slums like this one came to exist . 
 did people build them cramped and shoddy on purpose ? 
 had these streets , like others she 'd seen , once been part of a better section of town that had fallen into disrepair ? 
 vasher grabbed her arm as she stood there , then pulled her up to the door , upon which he pounded with the hilt of his sword . 
 the door creaked open a second later , and a pair of nervous eyes glanced out . 
 `` get out of the way , '' vasher said , testily shoving the door open the rest of the way and pulling vivenna inside . 
 a young man stumbled back , pressing up against the wall of the hallway and letting vasher and vivenna pass . 
 he closed the door behind them . 
 vivenna felt as if she should be frightened , or at least angry , at the treatment . 
 however , after what she had been through , it just did n't seem like much . 
 vasher let go of her and thumped his way down a set of stairs . 
 vivenna followed more carefully , the dark stairwell reminding her of the cellar in denth 's hideout . 
 she shivered . 
 at the bottom , fortunately , the similarities between cellars ended . 
 this one had a wooden floor and walls . 
 a rug sat in the middle of the room with a group of men sitting on it . 
 a couple of them rose as vasher rounded the stairs . 
 `` vasher ! '' 
 one said . 
 `` welcome . 
 do you want something to drink ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the men glanced uncomfortably at each other as vasher tossed his sword toward the side of the room . 
 it hit with a clank , skidding on the wood . 
 then he reached back and pulled vivenna forward . 
 `` hair , '' he said . 
 she hesitated . 
 he was using her just as denth had . 
 but rather than make him angry , she obliged , changing the color of her hair . 
 the men watched with awe ; then several of them bowed their heads . 
 `` princess , '' one whispered . 
 `` tell them you do n't want them to go to war , '' vasher said . 
 `` i do n't , '' she said honestly . 
 `` i have never wanted my people to fight hallandren . 
 they would lose , almost certainly . '' 
 the men turned to vasher . 
 `` but she was working with the slumlords . 
 why did she change her mind ? '' 
 vasher looked at her . 
 `` well ? '' 
 why did she change her mind ? 
 had she changed her mind ? 
 it was all too quick . 
 `` i ... '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i ... did n't realize . 
 i 've never wanted war . 
 i thought it was inevitable , and so i tried to plan for it . 
 i might have been manipulated , though . '' 
 vasher nodded , then pushed her aside . 
 he left her and joined the men as they sat back on the rug . 
 vivenna remained where she was . 
 she wrapped her hands around herself , feeling the unfamiliar cloth of the tunic and coat . 
 these men are idrians , she realized , listening to their accents . 
 and now they 've seen me , their princess , wearing a man 's clothing . 
 how is it that i can still care about such things , considering everything else that is happening ? 
 `` all right , '' vasher said , squatting . 
 `` what are you doing to stop this ? '' 
 `` wait , '' one of the men said . 
 `` you expect that to change our minds ? 
 a few words from the princess , and we 're supposed to believe everything you 've been telling us ? '' 
 `` if hallandren goes to war , you 're dead , '' vasher snapped . 
 `` ca n't you see that ? 
 what do you think will happen to the idrians in these slums ? 
 you think things are bad now , wait until you 're seen as enemy sympathizers . '' 
 `` we know that , vasher , '' another said . 
 `` but what do you expect us to do ? 
 submit to hallandren treatment of us ? 
 cave in and worship their indolent gods ? '' 
 `` i do n't really care what you do , '' vasher said , `` as long as it does n't involve threatening the security of the hallandren government . '' 
 `` maybe we should just admit that war is coming and fight , '' another said . 
 `` maybe the slumlords are right . 
 maybe the best thing to do is hope that idris wins . '' 
 `` they hate us , '' another of them said , a man in his twenties with anger in his eyes . 
 `` they treat us worse than they do the statues in their streets ! 
 we 're less than lifeless , to them . '' 
 i know that anger , vivenna realized . 
 i felt it . 
 feel it still . 
 anger at hallandren . 
 the man 's words rang hollow to her now . 
 the truth was , she had n't really felt any ire from the hallandren people . 
 if anything , she 'd felt indifference . 
 she was just another body on the street to them . 
 perhaps that 's why she hated them . 
 she 'd worked all of her life to become something important for them-in her mind , she 'd been dominated by the monster that was hallandren and its god king . 
 and then , in the end , the city and its people had simply ignored her . 
 she did n't matter to them . 
 and that was infuriating . 
 one of the idrian men , an older man wearing a dark tan cap , shook his head in thought . 
 `` the people are restless , vasher . 
 half the men talk of storming the court of gods in anger . 
 the women store up food , waiting for the inevitable . 
 our youths go out in secret groups , searching the jungles for kalad 's legendary army . '' 
 `` they believe that old myth ? '' 
 vasher asked . 
 the man shrugged . 
 `` it offers hope . 
 a hidden army , powerful enough that it nearly ended the manywar itself . '' 
 `` believing myths is n't what frightens me , '' another man said . 
 `` it 's that our youths would even think of using lifeless as soldiers . 
 kalad 's phantoms . 
 bah ! '' 
 he spat to the side . 
 `` what it means is that we 're desperate , '' one of the older men said . 
 `` the people are angry . 
 we ca n't stop the riots , vasher . 
 not after that slaughter a few weeks back . '' 
 vasher pounded the floor with a fist . 
 `` that 's what they want ! 
 ca n't you fools see that you 're giving your enemies perfect scapegoats ? 
 those lifeless that attacked the slum were n't given their orders by the government . 
 someone slipped a few broken lifeless into the group with orders to kill so that things would turn ugly ! '' 
 what ? 
 vivenna thought . 
 `` the hallandren theocracy is a top-heavy structure laden with bureaucratic foolishness and inertia , '' vasher said . 
 `` it never moves unless someone pushes it ! 
 if we have riots in the street , that will be just what the war faction needs . '' 
 i could help him , vivenna thought , watching the reactions of the idrians . 
 she knew them instinctively in a way vasher obviously did n't . 
 he made good arguments , but he approached them in the wrong way . 
 he needed credibility . 
 she could help . 
 but should she ? 
 vivenna did n't know what to think anymore . 
 if vasher was right , she 'd been played like a puppet by denth . 
 she believed that was true , but how could she know that vasher was n't doing the same thing ? 
 did she want war ? 
 no , of course she did n't . 
 particularly not a war idris would have a very hard time surviving , let alone winning . 
 vivenna had worked so hard to undermine hallandren 's ability to wage war . 
 why had n't she ever considered trying to head it off ? 
 i did , she realized . 
 that was my original plan when i was back in idris . 
 i 'd intended to talk the god king out of war when i became his bride . 
 she 'd given up on that plan . 
 no , she 'd been manipulated into giving up on it . 
 either by her father 's sense of inevitability or by denth 's subtlety-or by both-it did n't really matter . 
 her initial instinct had been to prevent the conflict . 
 that was the best way to protect idris ; and it was-she now realized-also the best way to protect siri . 
 she 'd practically given up on saving her sister , focusing on her own hate and arrogance instead . 
 stopping the war would n't protect siri from being abused by the god king . 
 but it would probably keep her from being used as a pawn or a hostage . 
 it could save her life . 
 that was enough for vivenna . 
 `` it 's too late , '' one of the men said . 
 `` no , '' vivenna said . 
 `` please . '' 
 the men in the circle paused , looking over at her . 
 she walked back to the circle and then knelt before them . 
 `` please do not say such things . '' 
 `` but princess , '' one of the men said , `` what can we do ? 
 the slumlords rile the people to anger . 
 we have no power compared to them . '' 
 `` you must have some influence , '' she said . 
 `` you seem like men of wisdom . '' 
 `` we 're family men and workers , '' another said . 
 `` we have no riches . '' 
 `` but people listen to you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` some do . '' 
 `` then tell them that there are more options , '' vivenna said , bowing her head . 
 `` tell them to be stronger than i was . 
 the idrians here in the slums-i 've seen their strength . 
 if you tell them that they 've been used , maybe they can avoid being manipulated further . '' 
 the men fell silent . 
 `` i do n't know if everything this man says is true , '' she said , nodding to vasher . 
 `` but i do know that idris will not win this war . 
 we should be doing everything we can to prevent a conflict , not to encourage one . '' 
 she felt a tear on her cheek , and her hair had grown a pale white . 
 `` you can see . 
 i ... no longer have the control a princess and follower of austre should show . 
 i am a disgrace to you , but please do n't let my failure doom you . 
 the hallandren do n't hate us . 
 they barely even notice us . 
 i know this is frustrating , but if you make them notice you by rioting and destroying , they will only be shaken into anger against our homeland . '' 
 `` so we should just roll over ? '' 
 the younger man asked . 
 `` let them step on us ? 
 what does it matter if they do it unintentionally ? 
 we still get crushed . '' 
 `` no , '' vivenna said . 
 `` there must be a better way . 
 an idrian is their queen , now . 
 perhaps , if we give them time , they will get over their prejudice . 
 we must focus our energies now on keeping them from attacking ! '' 
 `` your words make sense , princess , '' said the older man wearing the cap . 
 `` but-and forgive me for my ostentation-those of us here in hallandren find it difficult to care about idris much anymore . 
 it failed us before we even left , and now we ca n't really go back . '' 
 `` we are idrians , '' one of the others said . 
 `` but ... well , our families here are more important . '' 
 a month ago , vivenna would have been offended . 
 her sojourn on the streets , though , had taught her a little of what desperation could do to a person . 
 what was idris to them if their families starved ? 
 she could not blame them for their attitude . 
 `` you think you will fare better if idris is conquered ? '' 
 vasher asked . 
 `` if there 's war , you 'll be treated even worse than you are now . '' 
 `` there are other options , '' vivenna said . 
 `` i know of your plight . 
 if i return to my father and explain it , perhaps we can find a way to return you to idris . '' 
 `` return us to idris ? '' 
 one of the men said . 
 `` my family has been here in hallandren for fifty years now ! '' 
 `` yes , but as long as the king of idris lives , '' vivenna said , `` you have an ally . 
 we can work with diplomacy to make things better for you . '' 
 `` the king does n't care about us , '' another said sadly . 
 `` i care , '' vivenna said . 
 and she did . 
 she found it strange , but a part of her felt more of a kinship with the idrians in the city than with those she had left behind . 
 she understood . 
 `` we must find a way to bring attention to your suffering without bringing hatred as well , '' she said . 
 `` we will find a way . 
 as i said , my sister is married to the god king himself . 
 perhaps through her , he can be persuaded to improve the slums . 
 not because he 's afraid of the violence our people might cause , but because of the pity he feels for their situation . '' 
 she continued to kneel , ashamed before these men . 
 ashamed to be crying , to be seen in the immodest clothing and with ragged , short hair . 
 ashamed to have failed them so completely . 
 how could i fail so easily ? 
 she thought . 
 i , who was supposed to be so prepared , so in control . 
 how could i be so angry that i ignored my people 's needs just because i wanted to see hallandren pay ? 
 `` she is sincere , '' one of the men finally said . 
 `` i will give her that . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' said another . 
 `` i still feel it 's too late . '' 
 `` if that 's the case , '' vivenna said , still looking at the floor , `` what do you have to lose ? 
 think of the lives you could save . 
 i promise . 
 idris will not forget you any longer . 
 if you make peace with hallandren , i will insure that you are seen as heroes back in our homeland . '' 
 `` heroes , eh ? '' 
 one of them said . 
 `` it would be nice to be known as a hero , rather than the ones who left the highlands to live in brazen hallandren . '' 
 `` please , '' vivenna whispered . 
 `` i 'll see what i can do , '' one of the men said , standing . 
 several of the others voiced agreement . 
 they stood as well , shaking hands with vasher . 
 vivenna remained kneeling as they left . 
 eventually , the room was empty save for her and vasher . 
 he sat down across from her . 
 `` thanks , '' he said . 
 `` i did n't do it for you , '' she whispered . 
 `` get up , '' he said . 
 `` let 's go . 
 i want to meet with someone else . '' 
 `` i ... '' she sat up on the rug , trying to make sense of her feelings . 
 `` why should i do as you tell me ? 
 how do i know that you 're not just using me ? 
 lying to me . 
 like denth did . '' 
 `` you do n't know , '' vasher said , recovering his sword from the corner . 
 `` you 'll just have to do what i say . '' 
 `` am i a prisoner then ? '' 
 he glanced at her . 
 then he walked over and squatted . 
 `` look , '' he said . 
 `` we both agree that war is bad for idris . 
 i 'm not going to take you on raids or make you meet with slumlords . 
 all you have to do is tell people you do n't want a war . '' 
 `` and if i 'm not willing to do that ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` will you force me ? '' 
 he watched her for a moment , then swore under his breath , standing . 
 he pulled out a bag of something and tossed it at her . 
 it clinked as it hit her chest then fell to the floor . 
 `` go , '' he said . 
 `` get back to idris . 
 i 'll do it without you . '' 
 she just continued to sit , staring . 
 he began to walk away . 
 `` denth used me , '' she found herself whispering . 
 `` and the worst part is , i still feel like this must all be just a misunderstanding . 
 i feel that he 's really my friend , and that i should go to him and find out why he did what he did . 
 maybe we are all just confused . '' 
 she closed her eyes , resting her head on her knees . 
 `` but then i remember the things i saw him do . 
 my friend parlin is dead . 
 other soldiers sent by my father , stuffed in sacks . 
 i 'm so confused . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 `` you 're not the first one he 's taken in , princess , '' vasher finally said . 
 `` denth ... he 's a subtle one . 
 a man like him can be evil to the core , but if he is charismatic and amusing , people will listen to him . 
 they 'll even like him . '' 
 she looked up , blinking teary eyes . 
 vasher turned away . 
 `` me , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not like that . 
 i have trouble talking . 
 i get frustrated . 
 i snap at people . 
 does n't make me very popular . 
 but i promise you that i wo n't lie to you . '' 
 he met her eyes . 
 `` i want to stop this war . 
 that 's all that really matters to me right now . 
 i promise you . '' 
 she was n't sure if she believed him . 
 yet she found herself wanting to . 
 idiot , she thought . 
 you 're just going to get taken in again . 
 she had n't proven herself a very good judge of character . 
 still , she did n't pick up the bag of coins . 
 `` i am willing to help . 
 assuming it does n't involve anything more than telling others that i wish to keep idris from harm . '' 
 `` good enough . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` do you really think we can do it . 
 stop the war ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` maybe . 
 assuming i can keep myself from beating the colors out of all these idrians for acting like idiots . '' 
 a pacifist with temper-control issues , she thought ruefully . 
 what a combination . 
 a little like a devout idrian princess who holds enough biochromatic breath to populate a small village . 
 `` there are more places like this , '' vasher said . 
 `` i would show you to the people there . '' 
 `` all right , '' she said , trying not to look at the blade as she stood . 
 even now , it had a strange ability to make her feel sick . 
 vasher nodded . 
 `` there wo n't be many people at each meeting . 
 i do n't have denth 's connections , and i 'm not friendly with important people . 
 the ones i know are workers . 
 we 'll have to go visit the dye vats , perhaps even some of the fields . '' 
 `` i understand , '' she said . 
 without further comment , vasher picked up his bag of coins , then led her out onto the street . 
 and so , she thought , i begin again . 
 i can only hope that this time , i 'm on the right side . 
 44 siri watched susebron with affection as he ate a third dessert . 
 their night 's meal lay spread out on the table and floor , some dishes completely devoured , others barely tasted . 
 that first night when susebron had ordered a meal had started a tradition . 
 now they ordered food every night-though only after siri did her act for the listening priests . 
 susebron claimed to find it very amusing , though she noticed the curiosity in his eyes as he watched her . 
 susebron had proven to have quite a sweet tooth now that disapproving priests and their sense of etiquette were absent . 
 `` you should probably watch out , '' she noted as he finished another pastry . 
 `` if you eat too many of those , you will get fat . '' 
 he reached for his writing board . 
 no i wo n't . 
 `` yes you will , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` that 's the way it works . '' 
 not for gods , he wrote . 
 my mother explained it . 
 some men become more bulky if they exercise a lot and become fat if they eat a lot . 
 that does n't happen to returned . 
 we always look the same . 
 siri could n't offer argument . 
 what did she know of returned ? 
 is food in idris like this ? 
 susebron wrote . 
 siri smiled . 
 he was always so curious about her homeland . 
 she could sense a longing in him , the wish to be free of his palace and see the outside . 
 and yet , he did n't want to be disobedient , even when the rules were harsh . 
 `` i really need to work on corrupting you some more , '' she noted . 
 he paused . 
 what does that have to do with food ? 
 `` nothing , '' she said . 
 `` but it 's true nonetheless . 
 you 're far too good a person , susebron . '' 
 sarcasm ? 
 he wrote . 
 i certainly hope that it is . 
 `` only half , '' she said , lying down on her stomach and watching him across their impromptu picnic setting . 
 half-sarcasm ? 
 he wrote . 
 is this something new ? 
 `` no , '' she said , sighing . 
 `` there is truth sometimes even in sarcasm . 
 i do n't really want to corrupt you , but i do think that you 're just too perfectly obedient . 
 you need to be a little more reckless . 
 impulsive and in de pen dent . '' 
 it 's hard to be impulsive when you are locked in a palace surrounded by hundreds of servants , he wrote . 
 `` good point . '' 
 however , i have been thinking about the things you 've said . 
 please do n't be mad at me . 
 siri perked up , noting the embarrassment in his expression . 
 `` all right . 
 what did you do ? '' 
 i talked to my priests , he said . 
 with the artisans ' script . 
 siri felt a moment of panic . 
 `` you told them about us ? '' 
 no , no , he wrote quickly . 
 i did tell them i was worried about having a child . 
 i asked why my father died right after he had a child . 
 siri frowned . 
 part of her wished that he 'd let her handle such negotiations . 
 however , she said nothing . 
 she did n't want to keep him pinned down as his priests did . 
 it was his life that was being threatened-he deserved the chance to work on the problem too . 
 `` good , '' she said . 
 you 're not mad ? 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i was just encouraging you to be more impulsive ! 
 i ca n't complain now . 
 what did they say ? '' 
 he erased , then continued . 
 they told me not to worry . 
 they said everything would be all right . 
 so i asked them again , and again they gave me a vague answer . 
 siri nodded slowly . 
 it hurts me to write this , but i 'm beginning to think that you are right . 
 i 've noticed that my guards and awakeners are staying particularly close lately . 
 we even skipped going to the court assembly yesterday . 
 `` that 's a bad sign , '' she agreed . 
 `` i have n't had much luck finding out what is going to happen . 
 i 've ordered in three other storytellers but none of them had any better information than what hoid gave me . '' 
 you still think it 's about the breath i hold ? 
 she nodded . 
 `` remember what i said about my conversation with treledees ? 
 he talked about that breath of yours with reverence . 
 to him , it 's something to be passed from generation to generation , like a family tapestry . '' 
 in one of the children 's stories in my book , he wrote , there is a magic sword . 
 a young boy is given it by his grandfather , and it turns out the sword was a heirloom-the symbol of kingship in the land . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 she asked . 
 perhaps the entire monarchy of hallandren is nothing more than a way to guard the breath . 
 the only way to safely pass breath between individuals and generations is to use people as hosts . 
 so they created a dynasty of god kings who could hold the treasure and pass it from father to son . 
 siri nodded slowly . 
 `` that would mean that the god king is more of a vessel than i am . 
 a sheath for a magic weapon . '' 
 exactly , susebron wrote , hand moving quickly . 
 they had to make my family kings because of how much breath was in that treasure . 
 and they had to give it to a returned-otherwise their king and their gods might have competed for power . 
 `` perhaps . 
 it seems awfully convenient that the god king always bears a stillborn son who becomes returned ... '' she trailed off . 
 susebron saw it too . 
 unless the next god king is n't really the son of the current one , he wrote , hand shaking slightly . 
 `` austre ! '' 
 siri said . 
 `` god of colors ! 
 that 's it . 
 somewhere in the kingdom , a baby died and returned . 
 that 's why it 's so urgent that i get pregnant ! 
 they already have the next god king , now they just need to keep up the farce . 
 they marry me to you , hope for a child as quickly as possible , then switch the baby for the returned one . '' 
 then they kill me and somehow take my breaths away , he wrote . 
 and give it to this child , who can become the next god king . 
 `` wait . 
 do infants even return ? '' 
 she asked . 
 yes , he wrote . 
 `` but , how does an infant return in a way that is heroic , or virtuous , or anything like that ? '' 
 susebron hesitated , and she could tell he did n't have an answer for her . 
 infant returned . 
 among her own people , they did n't believe that a person was chosen to return because of some virtue they exemplified . 
 that was a hallandren belief . 
 to her , it seemed a hole in their theology , but she did n't want to challenge susebron on it further . 
 he already worried about how she did n't believe in his divinity . 
 siri sat back . 
 `` that does n't really matter . 
 the real question is more important . 
 if the god kings are just vessels to hold breath , then why bother changing them ? 
 why not just leave one man holding the breath ? '' 
 i do n't know , susebron wrote . 
 it does n't seem to make sense , does it ? 
 maybe they are worried about keeping a single god king captive that long . 
 children are easier to control , perhaps ? 
 `` if that 's the case , they would want to change more often , '' siri said . 
 `` some of those god kings lasted centuries . 
 of course , it could just have to do with how rebellious they think their king is . '' 
 i do everything i 'm supposed to ! 
 you just complained that i am too obedient . 
 `` compared to me , you are , '' she said . 
 `` maybe from their viewpoint , you 're a wild man . 
 after all , you did hide that book your mother gave you , and then you learned to write . 
 perhaps they know you well enough to realize that you were n't going to stay docile . 
 so now that they have an opportunity to replace you , they 're intending to take it . '' 
 maybe , he wrote . 
 siri thought through their conclusions again . 
 looked at critically , she could see that they were just speculations . 
 yet everyone said that the other returned could n't have children , and so why would the god king be different ? 
 that might just be a means of obfuscating the fact that they were bringing in a new person to be god king when they found one . 
 that still did n't answer the most important question . 
 what were they going to do to susebron to get his breaths away from him ? 
 susebron leaned back , staring up at the dark ceiling . 
 siri watched him , noting the look of sadness in his eyes . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he just shook his head . 
 `` please ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 he sat for a moment , then looked down , writing . 
 if what you say is true , then the woman who raised me was not my mother . 
 i would have been born to someone random out in the countryside . 
 the priests would have taken me once i returned , then raised me in the palace as the `` son '' of the god king they 'd just killed . 
 seeing him in pain made her insides twist . 
 she moved around the blanket , sitting beside him , putting her arms around him and resting her head on his arm . 
 she 's the only person to have shown me real kindness in my life , he wrote . 
 the priests , they revere me and care for me-or , at least , i assumed that they did . 
 however , they never really loved me . 
 only my mother did that . 
 and now i 'm not sure i even know who she is . 
 `` if she raised you , she 's your mother , '' siri said . 
 `` it does n't matter who gave birth to you . '' 
 he did n't respond to that . 
 `` maybe she was your real mother , '' siri said . 
 `` if they were going to bring you to the palace in secret , they might as well bring your mother too . 
 who better to care for you ? '' 
 he nodded , then scribbled on the board with one hand-the other was around siri 's waist . 
 perhaps you are right . 
 though it now seems suspicious to me that she would die as she did . 
 she was one of the few who could have told me the truth . 
 this seemed to make him even more sad , and siri pulled him closer , laying her head on his chest . 
 please , he wrote . 
 tell me of your family . 
 `` my father was often frustrated with me , '' siri said . 
 `` but he did love me . 
 does love me . 
 he just wanted me to do what they thought was right . 
 and ... well , the more time i spend in hallandren , the more i wish i had listened to him , at least a little bit . 
 `` ridger was right above me . 
 i was always getting him into trouble . 
 he was the heir , and i had him thoroughly corrupted , at least until he got old enough to appreciate his duties . 
 he 's a little like you . 
 very kindhearted , always trying to do what is right . 
 he did n't eat as many sweets , though . '' 
 susebron smiled faintly , squeezing her shoulder . 
 `` then there was fafen . 
 i did n't really know her that well . 
 she joined a monastery when i was still quite young-and i was glad . 
 it 's seen as a duty in idris to provide at least one child for the monasteries . 
 they 're the ones who grow the food for the needy and take care of things that need to be done around the city . 
 pruning , washing , painting . 
 anything to be of service . '' 
 he reached over . 
 a little like a king , he wrote . 
 living a life to serve others . 
 `` sure , '' siri said . 
 `` only they do n't get locked up and they can stop doing it , if they want . 
 either way , i 'm glad it was fafen and not me . 
 i would have gone crazy living as a monk . 
 they have to be pious all the time , and are supposed to be the least ostentatious in the city . '' 
 not a good match for your hair , he wrote . 
 `` definitely , '' she said . 
 though , he wrote , frowning slightly . 
 it 's stopped changing colors so often lately . 
 `` i 've had to learn to control it better , '' siri said with a grimace . 
 `` people can read me too easily by it . 
 here . '' 
 she changed it from black to yellow , and he smiled , running his fingers through its lengthy locks . 
 `` after fafen , '' siri said , `` there 's just the eldest , vivenna . 
 she 's the one you were supposed to marry . 
 she spent her entire life preparing to move to hallandren . '' 
 she must hate me , susebron wrote . 
 growing up knowing she would have to leave her family and live with a man she did n't know . 
 `` nonsense , '' siri said . 
 `` vivenna looked forward to it . 
 i do n't think she can feel hatred . 
 she was always just calm and careful and perfect . '' 
 susebron frowned . 
 `` i sound bitter , do n't i ? '' 
 siri said , sighing . 
 `` i do n't mean to . 
 i really do love vivenna . 
 she was always there , watching out for me . 
 but it seemed to me that she made too many efforts to cover up for me . 
 my big sister , pulling me out of trouble , scolding me calmly , then seeing that i was n't punished as much as i should have been . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` they 're all probably at home right now , worried sick about me . '' 
 you sound like you 're worried about them , he wrote . 
 `` i am , '' she said . 
 `` i 've been listening to the priests argue in the court . 
 it does n't sound good , seb . 
 there are a lot of idrians in the city and they 're being very reckless . 
 the city guard was forced to send troops into one of the slums a few weeks back . 
 that is n't helping reduce tensions between our countries . '' 
 susebron did n't write a response , but instead wrapped his arm around her again , pulling her close . 
 it felt good to be held against him . 
 very good . 
 after a few minutes , he pulled his arm away and wrote again , awkwardly erasing first . 
 i was wrong , you know . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 about one of the things i said earlier . 
 i wrote that my mother was the only person to ever show me love and kindness . 
 that 's not true . 
 there 's been another . 
 he stopped writing and looked at her . 
 then he glanced at the board again . 
 you did n't have to show me kindness , he wrote . 
 you could have hated me for taking you from your family and your homeland . 
 instead , you taught me to read , befriended me . 
 loved me . 
 he stared at her . 
 she stared at him . 
 then , hesitant , he leaned down and kissed her . 
 oh , dear ... siri thought , a dozen objections popping into her head . 
 she found it difficult to move , to resist , or to do anything . 
 anything other than kiss him back . 
 she felt hot . 
 she knew that they needed to stop , lest the priesthood get exactly what they were waiting for . 
 she understood all of these things . 
 yet those objections began to seem less and less rational as she kissed him , as her breathing grew more hurried . 
 he paused , obviously uncertain what to do next . 
 siri looked up at him , breathing heavily , then pulled him down to kiss him again , feeling her hair bleed to a deep , passionate red . 
 at that point , she stopped caring about anything else . 
 susebron did n't know what to do . 
 but she did . 
 i really am too hasty , she thought as she pulled off her shift . 
 i need to get better at controlling my impulses . 
 some other time . 
 45 that night , lightsong dreamed of t'telir burning . 
 of the god king dead and of soldiers in the streets . 
 of lifeless killing people in colorful clothing . 
 and of a black sword . 
 46 vivenna choked down her meal . 
 the dried meat tasted strongly of fish , but she had learned that by breathing through her mouth , she could ignore much of the flavor . 
 she ate every bite , then washed the taste away with a few mouthfuls of warm boiled water . 
 she was alone in the room . 
 it was a small chamber built onto the side of a building near the slums . 
 vasher had paid a few coins for a day in it , though he was n't there at the moment . 
 he 'd rushed off to deal with something . 
 she leaned back , food consumed , closing her eyes . 
 she 'd reached the point where she was so exhausted that she actually found it difficult to sleep . 
 the fact that the room was so small did n't help . 
 she could n't even stretch out all the way . 
 vasher had n't been exaggerating when he 'd said that their work would be rigorous . 
 stop after stop , she spoke with the idrians , consoling them , begging them not to push hallandren to war . 
 there were no restaurants as there had been with denth . 
 no dinners with men in fine clothing and guards . 
 just group after group of tired , working-class men and women . 
 many of them were n't rebellious and a large number of them did n't even live in the slums . 
 but they were part of the idrian community in t'telir , and they could influence how their friends and family felt . 
 she liked them . 
 empathized with them . 
 she felt far better about her new efforts than she had about her work with denth , and so far as she could tell , vasher was being honest with her . 
 she had decided to trust those instincts . 
 that was her decision , and that decision meant helping vasher , for now . 
 vasher did n't ask her if she wanted to continue . 
 he simply led her from location to location , expecting her to keep up . 
 and so she did , meeting with the people and begging their forgiveness , despite how emotionally draining it was . 
 she was n't certain if she could repair what she had done , but she was willing to try . 
 this determination seemed to gain her some respect from vasher . 
 it was much more reluctantly given than denth 's respect had been . 
 denth was fooling me the entire time . 
 it was still hard to remember that fact . 
 part of her did n't want to . 
 she leaned forward , staring at the bland wall in front of her in the boxlike room . 
 she shivered . 
 it was a good thing that she 'd been working herself so hard lately . 
 it kept her from thinking about things . 
 discomforting things . 
 who was she ? 
 how did she define herself now that everything she 'd been , and everything she 'd tried , had collapsed around her ? 
 she could n't be vivenna the confident princess anymore . 
 that person was dead , left behind in that cellar with parlin 's bloody corpse . 
 her confidence had come from naivete . 
 now she knew how easily she had been played . 
 she knew the cost of ignorance , and she had glimpsed the grim truths of real poverty . 
 yet , she also could n't be that woman-the waif of the streets , the thief , the beaten-down wretch . 
 that was n't her . 
 she felt as if those weeks had been a dream , brought on by the stress of isolation and trauma of her betrayal , fueled by becoming a drab and being suffocated by disease . 
 to pretend that was the real her would be to parody those who truly lived on the streets . 
 the people she 'd hidden among and tried to imitate . 
 where did that leave her ? 
 was she the penitent , quiet princess who knelt with bowed head , pleading with the peasants ? 
 this , too , was partially an act . 
 she really did feel sorry . 
 however , she was using her stripped pride as a tool . 
 that was n't her . 
 who was she ? 
 she stood up , feeling cramped in the tiny room , and pushed open the door . 
 the neighborhood outside was n't quite a slum , but it was n't rich either . 
 it was simply a place where people lived . 
 there were enough colors along to street to be welcoming , but the buildings were small and held a number of families each . 
 she walked along the street , careful not to stray too far from the room vasher had rented . 
 she passed trees , admiring their blooms . 
 who was she really ? 
 what was left , when one stripped away the princess and the hatred of hallandren ? 
 she was determined . 
 that part of her , she liked . 
 she 'd forced herself to become the woman she needed to be in order to marry the god king . 
 she 'd worked hard , sacrificing , to reach her goal . 
 she was also a hypocrite . 
 now she knew what it was to be truly humble . 
 compared to that , her former life seemed more brash and arrogant than any colorful skirt or shirt . 
 she did believe in austre . 
 she loved the teachings of the five visions . 
 humility . 
 sacrifice . 
 seeing another 's problems before your own . 
 yet she was beginning to think that she-along with many others-had taken this belief too far , letting her desire to seem humble become a form of pride itself . 
 she now saw that when her faith had become about clothing instead of people , it had taken a wrong turn . 
 she wanted to learn to awaken . 
 why ? 
 what did that say about her ? 
 that she was willing to accept a tool her religion rejected , just because it would make her powerful ? 
 no , that was n't it . 
 at least , she hoped it was n't it . 
 looking back on her recent life , she felt frustrated at her frequent helplessness . 
 and that felt like part of whom she really was . 
 the woman who would do anything to be sure she was n't helpless . 
 that was why she 'd studied so hard with the tutors in idris . 
 that was also why she wanted to learn how to awaken . 
 she wanted as much information as she could , and wanted to be prepared for the problems that might come at her . 
 she wanted to be capable . 
 that might be arrogant , but it was the truth . 
 she wanted to learn everything she could about how to survive in the world . 
 the most humiliating aspect of her time in t'telir was her ignorance . 
 she would n't make that mistake again . 
 she nodded to herself . 
 time to practice , then , she thought , returning to the room . 
 inside , she pulled out a piece of rope-the one that vasher had used to tie her up , the first thing that she had awakened . 
 she 'd since retrieved the breath from it . 
 she went back outside , holding the rope between her fingers , twisting it , thinking . 
 the commands that denth taught me were simple phrases . 
 hold things . 
 protect me . 
 he 'd implied that the intent was important . 
 when she 'd awakened her bonds , she 'd made them move as if part of her body . 
 it was more than just the command . 
 the command brought the life , but the intent-the instructions from her mind-brought focus and action . 
 she stopped beside a large tree with thin , blossom-laden branches that drooped toward the ground . 
 she stood beside a branch , touched the bark of the tree 's trunk itself to use its color . 
 she held out the rope to the branch . 
 `` hold things , '' she commanded , reflexively letting out some of her breath . 
 she felt an instant of panic as her sense of the world dimmed . 
 the rope twitched . 
 however , instead of drawing color from the tree , the awakening pulled color from her tunic . 
 the garment bled grey , and the rope moved , wrapping like a snake around the branch . 
 wood cracked slightly as the rope pulled tight . 
 however , the other end of the rope twisted in an odd pattern , writhing . 
 vivenna watched , frowning , until she figured out what was happening . 
 the rope was twisting around her hand , trying to hold it as well . 
 `` stop , '' vivenna said . 
 nothing happened . 
 it continued to pull tight . 
 `` your breath to mine , '' she commanded . 
 the rope stopped twisting and her breath returned . 
 she shook the rope free . 
 all right , she thought . 
 `` hold things '' works , but it 's not very specific . 
 it will wrap around my fingers as well as the thing i want it to tie up . 
 what if i tried something else ? 
 `` hold that branch , '' she commanded . 
 again , breath left her . 
 more of it this time . 
 her trousers drained of color , and the rope end twisted , wrapping around the branch . 
 the rest of it remained still . 
 she smiled in satisfaction . 
 so the more complicated the command , the more breath it requires . 
 she took back her breath . 
 as vasher had explained , doing so did n't shock her senses , for it was a mere restoration to a normal state for her . 
 if she 'd gone several days without that breath , she 'd have been overwhelmed by recovering its power . 
 it was a little like taking a first bite of something very flavorful . 
 she eyed her clothes , which were now completely grey . 
 out of curiosity , she tried awakening the rope again . 
 nothing happened . 
 she picked up a stick , then awakened the rope . 
 it worked this time , the stick losing its color , though it took a lot more breath . 
 perhaps this was because the stick was n't very colorful . 
 the tree trunk did n't work for color , though . 
 presumably , one could n't draw color from something that was itself alive . 
 she discarded the branch and fetched a few of vasher 's colored handkerchiefs from the room . 
 she walked back to the tree . 
 now what ? 
 she thought . 
 could she put the breath into the rope now , then command it to hold something later ? 
 how would she even phrase that ? 
 `` hold things that i tell you to hold , '' she commanded . 
 nothing happened . 
 `` hold that branch when i tell you . '' 
 again , nothing . 
 `` hold whatever i say . '' 
 nothing . 
 a voice came from behind . 
 `` tell it to ` hold when thrown . ' '' 
 vivenna jumped , spinning . 
 vasher stood behind her , nightblood held before him , point down . 
 he had his pack over his shoulder . 
 vivenna flushed , glancing back at the rope . 
 `` hold when thrown , '' she said , using a handkerchief for color . 
 her breath left her , but the rope remained limp . 
 so she tossed it to the side , hitting one of the hanging tree branches . 
 the rope immediately twisted about , locking the branches together and holding them tightly . 
 `` that 's useful , '' vivenna said . 
 vasher raised an eyebrow . 
 `` perhaps . 
 dangerous though . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` get the rope back . '' 
 vivenna paused , realizing that the rope had twisted around branches that were too high for her to reach . 
 she hopped up , trying to grab it . 
 `` i prefer to use a longer rope , '' vasher said , raising nightblood by the blade and using its hooked crossguard to pull the branches down . 
 `` if you always keep hold of one end , then you do n't have to worry about it getting taken from you . 
 plus , you can awaken when you need to , rather than leaving a bunch of breath locked into a rope that you may or may not need . '' 
 vivenna nodded , recovering her breath from the rope . 
 `` come on , '' he said , walking back toward the room . 
 `` you 've made enough of a spectacle for one day . '' 
 vivenna followed , noticing that several people on the street had stopped to watch her . 
 `` how did they notice ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i was n't that obvious about what i was doing . '' 
 vasher snorted . 
 `` and how many people in t'telir walk around in grey clothing ? '' 
 vivenna blushed as she followed vasher into the cramped room . 
 he set down his pack and then leaned nightblood against one wall . 
 vivenna eyed the sword . 
 she still was n't certain what to make of the weapon . 
 she felt a little nauseated every time she looked at it , and the memory of how violently sick she 'd felt when touching it was still fresh . 
 plus there had been that voice in her head . 
 had she really heard it ? 
 vasher had been characteristically tight-lipped when she 'd asked about it , rebuffing her questions . 
 `` are n't you an idrian ? '' 
 vasher asked , drawing her attention as he settled down . 
 `` last i checked , '' she replied . 
 `` you seem oddly fascinated with awakening for a follower of austre . '' 
 he spoke with eyes closed as he rested his head against the door . 
 `` i 'm not a very good idrian , '' she said , sitting down . 
 `` not anymore . 
 i might as well learn to use what i have . '' 
 vasher nodded . 
 `` good enough . 
 i 've never really understood why austrism suddenly turned its back on awakening . '' 
 `` suddenly ? '' 
 he nodded , eyes still closed . 
 `` was n't like that before the manywar . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he said . 
 he often spoke that way , mentioning things that seemed farfetched to her , yet saying them as if he knew exactly what he was talking about . 
 no conjecture . 
 no wavering . 
 as if he knew everything . 
 she could see why it was sometimes hard for him to get along with people . 
 `` anyway , '' vasher said , opening his eyes . 
 `` did you eat all of that squid ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` is that what that was ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said , opening his pack , getting out another dried chunk of meat . 
 he held it up . 
 `` want more ? '' 
 she felt sick . 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 he paused , noticing the look in her eyes . 
 `` what ? 
 did i give you a bad piece ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's nothing . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i said it 's nothing . '' 
 she glanced away . 
 `` i just do n't care for fish very much . '' 
 `` you do n't ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 've been feeding it to you for five days now . '' 
 she nodded silently . 
 `` you ate it every time . '' 
 `` i 'm dependent upon you for food , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't intend to complain about what you give me . '' 
 he frowned , then took a bite of squid and began chewing . 
 he still wore his torn , almost-ragged clothing , but vivenna had now been around him enough to know that he kept it clean . 
 he obviously had the resources to get new clothing , yet he chose to wear the worn and tattered things instead . 
 he also wore the same half-scrub , half-beard on his face . 
 it never seemed to get longer , yet she never saw him trim it or shave it . 
 how did he manage to keep it just the right length ? 
 was that intentional , or was she reading too much into it ? 
 `` you are n't what i expected , '' he said . 
 `` i would have been , '' she said . 
 `` a few weeks ago . '' 
 `` i doubt it , '' he said , gnawing on his chunk of squid . 
 `` that tenacious spirit you 've got does n't come from a few weeks on the streets . 
 neither does that sense of martyrdom . '' 
 she met his eyes . 
 `` i want you to teach me more about awakening . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` i do n't even know how to answer that , '' she said . 
 `` denth taught me a few commands , but that was the same day that you took me captive . '' 
 vasher nodded . 
 they sat silent for a few minutes . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 `` are you going to say anything ? '' 
 `` i 'm thinking , '' he said . 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 he scowled . 
 `` awakening is something i 've done for a very , very long time . 
 i always have trouble trying to explain it . 
 do n't rush me . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said . 
 `` take your time . '' 
 he shot her a glance . 
 `` do n't patronize me either . '' 
 `` i 'm not patronizing ; i 'm being polite . '' 
 `` well next time , be polite with less condescension in your voice , '' he said . 
 condescension ? 
 she thought . 
 i was n't condescending ! 
 she eyed him as he sat , chewing on his dried squid . 
 the more time she spent with him , the less frightening she found him , but the more frustrating . 
 he is a dangerous man , she reminded herself . 
 he has left corpses strewn all over the city , using that sword of his to make people slaughter each other . 
 she 'd considered running from him on several occasions , but had eventually decided that she 'd be a fool to do so . 
 she could find no fault in his efforts to stop the war , and his solemn promise in the basement that first day still stuck with her . 
 she believed him . 
 hesitantly . 
 she just intended to keep her eyes open a little wider from now on . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` i guess this is for the best . 
 i 'm getting tired of you walking around with that bright aura of yours that you ca n't even use . '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` well , i think we should start with theory , '' he said . 
 `` there are four kinds of biochromatic entities . 
 the first , and most spectacular , are the returned . 
 they 're called gods here in hallandren , but i 'd rather call them spontaneous sentient biochromatic manifestations in a deceased host . 
 what is odd about them is that they 're the only naturally occurring biochromatic entity , which is theoretically the explanation for why they ca n't use or bestow their biochromatic investiture . 
 of course , the fact is that every living being is born with a certain biochromatic investiture . 
 this could also explain why type ones retain sentience . '' 
 vivenna blinked . 
 that was n't what she had been expecting . 
 `` you 're more interested in type two and type three entities , '' vasher continued . 
 `` type two being mindless manifestations in a deceased host . 
 they are cheap to make , even with awkward commands . 
 this is per the law of biochromatic parallelism : the closer a host is to a living shape and form , the easier it is to awaken . 
 biochroma is the power of life , and so it seeks patterns of life . 
 that , however , leads us to another law-the law of comparability . 
 it states that the amount of breath required to awaken something is n't necessarily indicative of its power once awakened . 
 a piece of cloth cut into a square and a piece of cloth cut into the shape of a person will take very different amounts of breath to awaken , but will be essentially the same once they have been invested . 
 `` the explanation for this is simple . 
 some people think of awakening as pouring water into a cup . 
 you pour until the cup is filled , and then the object comes to life . 
 this is a false analogy . 
 instead , think of awakening as beating down a door . 
 you pound and pound , and some doors are easier to open than others , but once they 're open , they do about the same thing . '' 
 he glanced at her . 
 `` understand ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' she said . 
 she 'd spent her youth training with the tutors , but this was beyond even their methods of teaching . 
 `` it 's a little dense . '' 
 `` well , do you want to learn or not ? '' 
 you asked me if i understood , she thought . 
 and i answered . 
 however , she did n't voice her objections . 
 better for him to keep talking . 
 `` type two biochromatic entities , '' he said , `` are what people in hallandren call lifeless . 
 they are different from type one entities in several ways . 
 lifeless can be created at will , and require only a few breaths to awaken-anywhere between one and hundreds , depending on the commands used-and they feed off of their own color when being invested . 
 they do n't present an aura when awakened , but the breath sustains them , keeping them from needing to eat . 
 they can die , and need a special alcohol solution to remain functional past a few years of awakened status . 
 because of their organic host , their breath clings to the body , and can not be withdrawn once invested . '' 
 `` i know a little about them , '' vivenna said , `` denth and his team have a lifeless . '' 
 vasher fell silent . 
 `` yes , '' he finally said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 vivenna frowned , noticing a strange look in his eyes . 
 they sat silently for a few moments . 
 `` you were talking about lifeless and their commands ? '' 
 she prompted . 
 vasher nodded . 
 `` they need a command to awaken them , just like anything else . 
 even your religion teaches about commands-it says that austre is the one who commands the returned to come back . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` understanding the theory of commands is tough . 
 look at lifeless , for instance . 
 it 's taken us centuries to discover the most efficient ways to bring a body to a lifeless state . 
 even now , we 're not sure if we understand how it works . 
 i guess this is the first thing i 'd like to get across to you-that biochroma is complicated , and we really do n't understand most of it . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` just what i said , '' vasher replied , shrugging . 
 `` we do n't really know what we 're doing . '' 
 `` but you sound so technical and precise in your descriptions . '' 
 `` we 've figured out some things , '' he said . 
 `` but awakeners really have n't been around that long . 
 the more you learn about biochroma , the more you 'll realize that there are more things that we do n't know than there are things we do . 
 why are the specific commands so important , and why do they have to be spoken in your native language ? 
 what brings type one entities-returned-back to life in the first place ? 
 why are lifeless so dull-minded , while returned fully sentient ? '' 
 vivenna nodded . 
 `` creating type three biochromatic entities is what we traditionally call ` awakening , ' '' vasher continued . 
 `` that 's when you create a biochromatic manifestation in an organic host that is far removed from having been alive . 
 cloth works the best , though sticks , reeds , and other plant matter can be used . '' 
 `` what about bones ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` they 're strange , '' vasher said . 
 `` they take far more breath to awaken than a body held together with flesh and are n't as flexible as something like cloth . 
 still , breath will stick to them fairly easily , since they were once alive and maintain the form of a living thing . '' 
 `` so idrian stories that talk about skeletal armies are n't just fabrications ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` oh , they are . 
 if you wanted to awaken a skeleton , you 'd have to arrange all the bones together in their correct places . 
 that 's a lot of work for something that will take upwards of fifty or a hundred breaths to awaken . 
 intact corpses make far more sense economically , even if the breath sticks to them so well that it becomes impossible to recover . 
 still , i 've seen some very interesting things done with skeletons which have been awakened . 
 `` anyway , type three entities-regular awakened objects-are different . 
 biochroma does n't stick to them very well at all . 
 the result is that they require quite a bit of investiture-often well over a hundred breaths-to awaken them . 
 the benefit of this , of course , is that the breath can be drawn back out again . 
 this has allowed for quite a bit more experimentation , and that has resulted in a more comprehensive understanding of awakening techniques . '' 
 `` you mean the commands ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` right , '' vasher said . 
 `` as you 've seen , most basic commands work easily . 
 if the command is something the object could do , and you state it in a simple way , the command will usually work . '' 
 `` i tried some simple commands , '' she said . 
 `` on the rope . 
 they did n't work . '' 
 `` those may have sounded simple , but they were n't . 
 simple commands are only two words long . 
 grab something . 
 hold something . 
 move up . 
 move down . 
 twist around . 
 even some two-word commands can be more complicated , and it takes practice visualizing-or , well , imagining . 
 well , using your mind to - '' `` i understand that part , '' she said . 
 `` like flexing a muscle . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` the command ` protect me , ' though only two words , is extremely complicated . 
 so are others , like fetch something . 
 you have to give the right impulse to the object . 
 this area is where you really begin to understand how little we know . 
 there are probably thousands of commands we do n't know . 
 the more words you add , the more complicated the mental component becomes , which is why discovering a new command can take years of study . '' 
 `` like the discovery of a new command to make lifeless , '' she said thoughtfully . 
 `` three hundred years ago , those who had the one-breath command could make their lifeless much more cheaply than those who did n't . 
 that disparity started the manywar . '' 
 `` yes , '' vasher said . 
 `` or , at least , that was part of what caused the war . 
 it 's not really important . 
 the thing to understand is that we 're still children when it comes to awakening . 
 it does n't help that a lot of people who learn new , valuable commands never share them , and probably die with the knowledge . '' 
 vivenna nodded , noticing how his lesson grew more relaxed and conversational as he got into the topic . 
 his expertise surprised her . 
 he sits on the floor , she thought , eating a dry piece of squid , not having shaven in weeks and wearing clothing that looks like it 's about to fall off . 
 yet he talks like a scholar giving a lecture . 
 he carries a sword that leaks black smoke and causes people to kill each other , yet he works so hard to stop a war . 
 who is this man ? 
 she glanced to the side , to where nightblood sat leaning against the wall . 
 perhaps it was the discussion of the technical aspects of biochroma , or perhaps it was simply her growing suspicion . 
 she was beginning to understand what was n't right about the sword . 
 `` what is a type four biochromatic entity ? '' 
 vivenna asked , glancing back at vasher . 
 he fell silent . 
 `` type one is a human body with sentience , '' vivenna said . 
 `` type two is a human body without sentience . 
 type three is an awakened object like a rope-an object with no sentience . 
 is there a way to create an awakened object with sentience ? 
 like a returned , but inside of something other than a human body ? '' 
 vasher stood . 
 `` we 've covered enough for one day . '' 
 `` you did n't answer my question . '' 
 `` and i 'm not going to , '' he said . 
 `` and i advise you never to ask it again . 
 understand ? '' 
 he glanced at her , and she felt a chill at the harshness in his voice . 
 `` all right , '' she said , though she did n't glance away . 
 he snorted to himself , then reached into his large pack , yanking something out . 
 `` here , '' he said . 
 `` i brought you something . '' 
 he tossed a long , cloth-wrapped object to the floor . 
 vivenna stood , walking over to pull the cloth off . 
 inside was a thin , well-polished dueling blade . 
 `` i do n't know how to use one of these , '' she said . 
 `` then learn , '' he replied . 
 `` if you know how to fight , you 'll be far less annoying to have around . 
 i wo n't have to keep pulling you out of trouble all the time . '' 
 she flushed . 
 `` one time . '' 
 `` it 'll happen again , '' he said . 
 she hesitantly picked up the sheathed sword , surprised at how light it was . 
 `` let 's go , '' vasher said . 
 `` i 've got another group for us to visit . '' 
 47 lightsong tried not to think about his dreams . 
 he tried not to think about t'telir in flames . 
 of people dying . 
 of the world , essentially , ending . 
 he stood on the second story of his palace , looking over the court of gods . 
 the second story was essentially a covered roof , open on all sides . 
 wind blew through his hair . 
 the sun was close to setting . 
 already , torches were arrayed on the lawn . 
 it was so perfect . 
 the palaces set in a circle , lit by torches and lanterns matching the colors of the nearest building . 
 some of the palaces were dark ; the buildings that currently held no gods . 
 what would happen if too many others returned before we killed ourselves ? 
 he thought idly . 
 would they build more palaces ? 
 as far as he knew , there had always been enough space . 
 at the head of the court sat the god king 's palace , tall and black . 
 it had obviously been built so that it would dominate even the extravagant mansions of the others , and it threw a wide , warped shadow across the back wall . 
 perfect . 
 so perfect . 
 the torches were arranged in patterns he could only see by standing atop a building . 
 the grass was kept manicured , and the massive wall tapestries were replaced often so that they showed no wear , stains , or fading . 
 the people put forth such effort for their gods . 
 why ? 
 sometimes it baf-ed him . 
 but what to think of other faiths , ones with no visible gods , only incorporeal imaginings or wishes ? 
 surely those ` gods ' did even less for their people than the hallandren court , yet they still were worshipped . 
 lightsong shook his head . 
 meeting with allmother had reminded him of days he had n't thought of in a long time . 
 calmseer . 
 she had been his mentor when he 'd first returned . 
 blushweaver was jealous of his memories of her , but she did n't understand the truth . 
 nor could he , really , explain it . 
 calmseer had come closer to being a divinity than any returned lightsong had known . 
 she 'd cared for her followers much as allmother now tried to do , but there had been genuine concern in calmseer 's regard . 
 she had n't helped the people because she feared that they would stop worshiping , and she had no arrogance of presumed superiority . 
 real kindness . 
 real love . 
 real mercy . 
 yet even calmseer had felt inadequate . 
 she had often said she felt guilty because she could n't live up to what people expected . 
 how could she ? 
 how could anyone ? 
 in the end , he suspected this was what drove her to answer a petition . 
 there had only been one way , in her estimation , to be the goddess everyone demanded she be . 
 and that was to give up her life . 
 they push us into it , lightsong thought . 
 they craft all of this splendor and luxury , they give us whatever we desire , then they subtly poke at us . 
 be a god . 
 prophesy . 
 maintain our illusion for us . 
 die . 
 die so that we can keep believing . 
 he usually stayed off his roof . 
 he preferred to be down below , where the limited perspective made it so much easier to ignore the larger view . 
 so much easier to focus on simple things , like his life in the moment . 
 `` your grace ? '' 
 llarimar asked quietly , approaching . 
 lightsong did n't reply . 
 `` are you all right , your grace ? '' 
 `` no man should be this important , '' lightsong said . 
 `` your grace ? '' 
 llarimar asked , walking up beside him . 
 `` it does strange things to you . 
 we were n't built for it . '' 
 `` you 're a god , your grace . 
 you were built for it . '' 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm no god . '' 
 `` excuse me , but you do n't really get to choose . 
 we worship you , and that makes you our god . '' 
 llarimar spoke the words in his usual calm fashion . 
 did n't the man ever get upset ? 
 `` you 're not helping . '' 
 `` i apologize , your grace . 
 but perhaps you should stop arguing about the same old things . '' 
 lightsong shook his head . 
 `` this is something different today . 
 i 'm not sure what to do . '' 
 `` you mean about allmother 's commands ? '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 `` i thought i had it figured out , scoot . 
 i ca n't keep up with all of the things blushweaver is plotting-i 've never been good at details . '' 
 llarimar did n't respond . 
 `` i was going to give it up , '' lightsong said . 
 `` allmother was doing a fantastic job of standing up for herself . 
 i figured that if i gave her my commands , then she 'd know what to do . 
 she 'd understand if it 's better to support blushweaver or oppose her . '' 
 `` you could still just let her , '' llarimar said . 
 `` you gave her your commands too . '' 
 `` i know , '' lightsong said . 
 they fell silent . 
 so it comes down to this , he thought . 
 the first of us who changes those commands takes control of all twenty thousand . 
 the other will be locked out . 
 what did he choose ? 
 did he sit back and let history happen , or did he jump in and make a mess of it ? 
 whoever you are , he thought , whatever is out there that sent me back , why could n't you just let me be ? 
 i 'd already lived one life . 
 i 'd already made my choices . 
 why did you have to send me back ? 
 he 'd tried everything , and yet people still looked to him . 
 he knew for a fact that he was one of the most popular returned , visited by more petitioners and given more art than almost anyone else . 
 honestly , he thought . 
 what is wrong with these people ? 
 were they so in need of something to worship that they chose him rather than worry that their religion might be false ? 
 allmother claimed that some did think that . 
 she worried about the perceived lack of faith among the common people . 
 lightsong was n't certain he agreed with her . 
 he knew of the theories-that the gods who lived the longest were the weak ones because the system encouraged the best to sacrifice themselves quickly . 
 however , the same number of petitioners came to him now as when he first started . 
 plus , too few gods were chosen on a whole for that to be statistically valid . 
 or was he just distracting himself with irrelevant details ? 
 he leaned on the railing , looking out over the green and its glowing pavilions . 
 this could be the crowning moment for him . 
 he could finally prove himself to be an indolent wastrel . 
 it was perfect . 
 if he did nothing , then allmother would be forced to take up the armies and resist blushweaver . 
 was that what he wanted ? 
 allmother kept herself isolated from the other gods . 
 she did n't attend many court assemblies and did n't listen to the debates . 
 blushweaver was intimately involved . 
 she knew every god and goddess well . 
 she understood the issues , and she was very clever . 
 of all of the gods , only she had begun taking steps to secure their armies . 
 siri is no threat , he thought . 
 but if someone else were manipulating her ? 
 would allmother have the political savvy to understand the danger ? 
 without his concerned guidance , would blushweaver see that siri was n't crushed ? 
 if he did walk away , there would be a cost . 
 he would be to blame , for he 'd given up . 
 `` who was she , llarimar ? '' 
 lightsong asked quietly . 
 `` the young woman in my dreams . 
 was she my wife ? '' 
 the high priest did n't answer . 
 `` i need to know , '' lightsong said , turning . 
 `` this time , i really need to know . '' 
 `` i ... '' llarimar frowned , then looked away . 
 `` no , '' he said quietly . 
 `` she was not your wife . '' 
 `` my lover ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` but she was important to me ? '' 
 `` very , '' llarimar said . 
 `` and is she still alive ? '' 
 llarimar wavered , then finally nodded his head . 
 still alive , lightsong thought . 
 if this city fell , then she would be in danger . 
 everyone who worshiped lightsong-everyone who counted on him despite his best efforts-would be in danger . 
 t'telir could n't fall . 
 even if there were war , the fighting would n't come here . 
 hallandren was not in danger . 
 it was the most powerful kingdom in the world . 
 and what of his dreams ? 
 he had been given only one real duty in the government . 
 that of taking command of ten thousand lifeless . 
 of deciding when they should be used . 
 and when they should not be . 
 still alive ... he turned and walked toward the steps . 
 <br/> `` the invasion will happen if we stay , too . '' 
 not if i take control of my throne , susebron wrote . 
 the people of hallandren , even the gods , are obligated to obey me . 
 there will be no war if they know i disapprove . 
 he erased , then continued , writing faster . 
 i have told the priests that i do n't wish to go to war , and they appeared sympathetic . 
 however , they have done nothing . 
 `` they are probably worried , '' siri said . 
 `` if they let you start making policy , then you may begin to think that you do n't need them . '' 
 they 'd be right , he wrote , smiling . 
 i need to become the leader of my people , siri . 
 that is the only way to protect your beautiful hills and the family you love so much . 
 siri fell silent , offering no further objections . 
 to do as he was saying would be to play their hand . 
 make a gamble for everything . 
 if they failed , the priests would undoubtedly figure out that siri and susebron were in communication . 
 that would spell the end of their time alone together . 
 susebron obviously noticed her concern . 
 it is dangerous , but it is the best option . 
 fleeing would be just as risky , and it would leave us in far worse circumstances . 
 in idris , we would be seen as the reason the hallandren armies had come . 
 other countries would be even more dangerous . 
 siri slowly nodded . 
 in another country , they 'd have no money and would make perfect subjects for ransom . 
 they 'd escape the priests only to find themselves being held captive to be used against hallandren . 
 the kingdom of iridescence was still widely disliked because of the manywar . 
 `` we 'd be taken captive , as you say , '' she acknowledged . 
 `` plus , if we were in another country , i doubt we 'd be able to get you a breath every week . 
 without them , you 'd die . '' 
 he looked hesitant . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i would not die without breath , he wrote . 
 but that is not an argument in favor of flight . 
 `` you mean the stories of returned needing breath to live are lies ? '' 
 siri asked incredulously . 
 not at all , he wrote quickly . 
 we do need breath-but you forget that i hold the wealth of breath passed down for generations in my family . 
 i heard my priests speak of this once . 
 if it were necessary to move me , i could survive on the extra breaths i hold . 
 those over and above the breath that makes me returned . 
 my body would simply feed off those extra breaths , absorbing one a week . 
 siri sat back thoughtfully . 
 that seemed to imply something about breath that she could n't quite figure out . 
 unfortunately , she just did n't have the experience to sort through it . 
 `` all right , '' she said . 
 `` so we could go into hiding if we needed to . '' 
 i said this was not an argument for fleeing , susebron wrote . 
 my treasure of breaths might keep me alive , but it would also make me a very valuable target . 
 everyone will want those breaths-even if i were n't the god king , i would be in danger . 
 that was very true . 
 siri nodded . 
 `` all right , '' she said . 
 `` if we 're really going to try exposing what the priests have done , i think we make our move soon . 
 if i display any signs of being pregnant , i bet it will take the priests all of two heartbeats to sequester me . '' 
 susebron nodded . 
 there will be a general assembly of the court in a couple of days . 
 i have heard my priests say that this will be an important meeting-it is rare that the gods are all called together to vote . 
 that meeting will decide whether or not we march on idris . 
 siri nodded nervously . 
 `` i could sit with lightsong , '' she said , `` and plead for his help . 
 if we go to several of the other gods , perhaps they-in front of the crowds-can demand to know whether or not i am lying . '' 
 and i will open my mouth and reveal that i have no tongue , he wrote . 
 then let us see what the priests do . 
 they will be forced to bow to the will of their own pantheon . 
 siri nodded . 
 `` all right , '' she said . 
 `` let 's try it . '' 
 49 vasher found her practicing again . 
 he hovered outside the window , lowered down from the roof via an awakened rope which gripped him about the waist . 
 inside , vivenna repeatedly awakened a strip of cloth , unaware of vasher . 
 she commanded the cloth to wiggle across the room , wrap around a cup , then bring that cup back without spilling . 
 she 's learning so quickly , he thought . 
 the commands themselves were simple to say , but providing the right mental impulse was difficult . 
 it was like learning to control a second body . 
 vivenna was quick . 
 yes , she had a lot of breath . 
 that made it easier , but true instinctive awakening-the ability to awaken objects without training or practice-was a gift granted only by the sixth heightening . 
 that was one step beyond even what returned had , with their single deific breath . 
 vivenna was far from that stage . 
 she learned faster than she should have , even if he knew she was frustrated by how often she got things wrong . 
 even as he watched , she made a mistake . 
 the cloth wiggled across the room , but climbed into the cup instead of wrapping around it . 
 it shook , making the cup fall over , then the rope finally returned , leaving a soggy trail . 
 vivenna cursed and walked over to refill the cup . 
 she never noticed vasher hanging just outside . 
 he was n't surprised-he was currently a drab , his excess breath stored in his shirt . 
 she replaced the cup , and he pulled himself up as she walked back . 
 of course , the mechanics of how he moved about with the ropes were far more complicated than they seemed . 
 his command incorporated making the rope respond to taps of his finger along its length . 
 awakening was different from creating a lifeless-lifeless had brains and could interpret commands and requests . 
 the rope had none of that ; it could only act on its original instructions . 
 with a few taps , he lowered himself again , vivenna faced away from him as she picked up another colored swatch to use as fuel when she awakened her cup-fetching ribbon . 
 i like her , nightblood said . 
 i 'm glad we did n't kill her . 
 vasher did n't respond . 
 she 's very pretty , do n't you think ? 
 nightblood asked . 
 you ca n't tell , vasher replied . 
 i can tell , nightblood said . 
 i 've decided that i can . 
 vasher shook his head . 
 pretty or not , the woman should never have come to hallandren . 
 she 'd given denth a perfect tool . 
 of course , he admitted wryly , denth probably did n't need that tool . 
 hallandren and idris were close to snapping . 
 vasher had stayed away too long . 
 he knew that . 
 he also knew that there was no way he would have come back earlier . 
 inside the room , vivenna successfully managed to get the cloth to bring her cup , and she drank from it with a satisfied look that vasher could just barely see from the side . 
 he had the rope lower him to the ground . 
 he ordered it to let go up above , then-once it had twisted down around his arm-he recovered his breath and climbed the external steps to the room . 
 <br/> she 'd been wrong about him . 
 she was almost certain of that now . 
 she had to stop judging people . 
 but was that possible ? 
 was n't interaction based , in part , on judgments ? 
 a person 's background and attitudes influenced how she responded to them . 
 the answer , then , was n't to stop judging . 
 it was to hold those judgments as mutable . 
 she 'd judged denth to be a friend , but she should n't have ignored the way he talked about mercenaries having no friends . 
 the door slammed open . 
 vivenna jumped , putting a hand to her chest . 
 vasher walked in . 
 `` start reaching for that sword when you 're startled , '' he said . 
 `` there 's little reason to grab your shirt , unless you 're planning to rip it off . '' 
 vivenna flushed , hair twinging red . 
 the sword he had bought her lay on the side of the room ; they had n't had much opportunity to practice , and she still barely even knew how to hold the thing properly . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she asked as he closed the door . 
 it was already dark outside , and the city was beginning to sparkle with lights . 
 `` the robbery was a cover , '' vasher said . 
 `` the real hit was that carriage . 
 denth promised the thieves something valuable if they committed a robbery and started a fire , both as distractions to get at the carriage . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` coins ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 `` when tonk fah hit the horse , it knocked a chest off the top . 
 it was filled with gold . '' 
 `` what happened then ? '' 
 vasher asked . 
 `` i left with some others . 
 i thought the carriage itself was the distraction , and once it went down , i was supposed to pull out . '' 
 `` denth ? '' 
 `` he was n't there , come to think of it , '' vivenna said . 
 `` the others told me he was working with the thieves . '' 
 vasher nodded , walking over to his pack . 
 he threw aside the bedrolls then took out several articles of clothing . 
 he pulled off his shirt , exposing a well-muscled-and rather hairy-torso . 
 vivenna blinked in surprise , then blushed . 
 she probably should have turned aside , but the curious part of her was too strong . 
 what was he doing ? 
 he did n't remove his trousers , thankfully , but instead threw on a different shirt . 
 the sleeves of this one were cut into long ribbons near the wrists . 
 `` upon call , '' he said , `` become my fingers and grip that which i must . '' 
 the cuff tassels wiggled . 
 `` wait , '' vivenna said . 
 `` what was that ? 
 a command ? '' 
 `` too complicated for you , '' he said , kneeling and undoing the cuff of his trousers . 
 she could see that here , too , there were extra lengths of cloth . 
 `` become as my legs and give them strength , '' he commanded . 
 the leg-tassels crossed under his feet , growing tight . 
 vivenna did n't argue with his insistence that the commands were `` too complicated . '' 
 she just memorized them anyway . 
 finally , vasher threw on his tattered cloak , which was ripped in places . 
 `` protect me , '' he commanded , and she could see a lot of his remaining breath drain into the cloak . 
 he wrapped his rope belt around his waist-it was thin , for a rope , but strong , and she knew its purpose was not to keep his trousers up . 
 finally , he picked up nightblood . 
 `` you coming ? '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` we 're going to go capture a few of those thieves . 
 ask them exactly what denth wanted with that carriage . '' 
 vivenna felt a stab of fear . 
 `` why invite me ? 
 wo n't i just make it harder for you ? '' 
 `` depends , '' he said . 
 `` if we get into a fight , and you get in the way , then it will be more difficult . 
 if we get into a fight and half of them attack you instead of me , it will make things easier . '' 
 `` assuming you do n't defend me . '' 
 `` that 's a good assumption , '' he said , looking into her eyes . 
 `` if you want to come , come . 
 but do n't expect me to protect you , and-whatever you do-don ' t try and follow on your own . '' 
 `` i would n't do such a thing , '' she said . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i thought i 'd make the offer . 
 you 're no prisoner here , princess . 
 you can do whatever you want . 
 just do n't get in my way when you do it , understand ? '' 
 `` i understand , '' she said , feeling a chill as she made her decision . 
 `` and i 'm coming . '' 
 he did n't try to dissuade her . 
 he simply pointed at her sword . 
 `` keep that on . '' 
 she nodded , tying it on . 
 `` draw it , '' he said . 
 she did so , and he corrected her grip . 
 `` what good will holding it properly do ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i still do n't know how to use it . '' 
 `` look threatening and it might make someone attacking you pause . 
 make them hesitate for a couple seconds in a fight , and that could mean a lot . '' 
 she nodded nervously , sliding the weapon back in its sheath . 
 then she grabbed several lengths of rope . 
 `` hold when thrown , '' she said to the smaller one , then stuffed it into her pocket . 
 vasher eyed her . 
 `` better to lose the breath than get killed , '' she said . 
 `` few awakeners agree with you , '' he noted . 
 `` to most of them , the thought of losing breath is far more frightening than the prospect of death . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not like most awakeners , '' she said . 
 `` half of me still finds the process blasphemous . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` put the rest of your breath somewhere else , '' he said , opening the door . 
 `` we ca n't afford to draw attention . '' 
 she grimaced , then did as told , putting her breath into her shirt with a basic , and non-active , command . 
 it was actually the same as giving a half-spoken command , or one that was mumbled . 
 those would draw out the breath , but leave the item unable to act . 
 as soon as she placed the breath , the dullness returned . 
 everything seemed dead around her . 
 `` let 's go , '' vasher said , moving out into the darkness . 
 night in t'telir was very different from her homeland . 
 there , it had been possible to see so many stars overhead that it looked like a bucket of white sand had been dashed into the air . 
 here , there were street lamps , taverns , restaurants , and houses of entertainment . 
 the result was a city full of lights-a little like the stars themselves had come down to inspect grand t'telir . 
 and yet , vivenna was still saddened by how few real stars she saw in the sky . 
 none of that meant that the places they were going were by any means bright . 
 vasher led her through the streets , and he quickly became little more than a hulking shadow . 
 they left behind places with street lights , and even lit windows , moving into an unfamiliar slum . 
 this was one of those she 'd been afraid to enter , even when she lived on the streets . 
 the night seemed to grow even darker as they entered and walked down one of the twisting , dark alleys that passed for streets in such places . 
 they remained silent . 
 vivenna knew not to speak and draw attention . 
 eventually , vasher pulled to a stop . 
 he pointed toward a building : single-story , flat-topped , and wide . 
 it sat alone , in a depression , shanties built from refuse covering the low hill behind it . 
 vasher waved for her to stay back , then quietly put the rest of his breath into his rope and crept forward up the hill . 
 vivenna waited , nervous , kneeling beside a decaying shanty that appeared to have been built from half-crumbling bricks . 
 why did i come ? 
 she thought . 
 he did n't tell me to-he simply said that i could . 
 i could just as easily have stayed behind . 
 but she was tired of things happening to her . 
 she had been the one to point out that maybe there was a connection between the priest and denth 's plan . 
 she wanted to see this to the end . 
 do something . 
 that had been easy to think back in the lit room . 
 it did n't help her nerves that , looming to the left side of the shanty was one of the d'denir statues . 
 there had been some of them in the highland slums as well , though most of those had been defaced or broken . 
 she could n't feel anything with her life sense . 
 she felt almost as if she 'd been blinded . 
 the breath 's absence brought memories of nights sleeping in the mud of a cold alleyway . 
 beatings administered by urchins half her size but with twice her competence . 
 hunger . 
 terrible , omnipresent , depressing , and draining hunger . 
 a footstep cracked and a shadow loomed . 
 she nearly gasped in shock , but managed to keep it in as she recognized nightblood in the figure 's hand . 
 `` two guards , '' vasher said . 
 `` both silenced . '' 
 `` will they do for answering our questions ? '' 
 vasher shook a silhouetted head . 
 `` practically kids . 
 we need someone more important . 
 we 'll have to go in . 
 either that , or sit and watch for a few days to determine who is in charge , then grab him when he 's alone . '' 
 `` that would take too long , '' vivenna whispered . 
 `` i agree , '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't use the sword , though . 
 when nightblood is done with a group , there 's never anyone to question . '' 
 vivenna shivered . 
 `` come on , '' he whispered . 
 she followed as quietly as she could , moving for the front door . 
 vasher grabbed her arm and shook his head . 
 she followed him around to the side , barely noticing the two lumps of unconscious bodies rolled into a ditch . 
 at the back of the building , vasher began to feel around on the ground . 
 after a few moments without success , he cursed quietly and pulled something from his pocket . 
 a handful of straw . 
 in just a few seconds , he had constructed three little men from the straw and some thread , then used breath reclaimed from his cloak to animate them . 
 he gave each one the same command : `` find tunnels . '' 
 vivenna watched with fascination . 
 that 's far more abstract a command than he led me to believe was possible , she thought as the little men scuttled around on the ground . 
 vasher himself returned to his searching . 
 apparently experience-and ability to use mental images-is the most important aspect of awakening . 
 he 's been doing this a long time , and the way he spoke before-like a scholar-indicates he 's studied awakening very seriously . 
 one of the straw men began to jump up and down . 
 the other two rushed over to it and then they began to bounce as well . 
 vasher joined them , as did vivenna , and she watched as he uncovered a trapdoor hidden beneath a thick layer of dirt . 
 he raised it a tad , then reached underneath . 
 his hand came back out with several small bells , which had apparently been rigged there to ring if the door were opened all the way . 
 `` no group like this has a hideout without bolt-holes , '' vasher said . 
 `` usually a couple of them . 
 always trapped . '' 
 vivenna watched as he recovered the breath from the straw men , quietly thanking each one . 
 she frowned at the curious words . 
 they were just piles of straw . 
 why thank them ? 
 he put the breath back into his cloak with a protection command , then led the way down through the trapdoor . 
 vivenna followed , stepping softly , skipping a particular step when vasher indicated . 
 the bottom was a roughly cut tunnel-or , so she got from feeling along the sides of the lightless earthen chamber . 
 vasher moved forward ; she could only tell because of the quiet rustling of his clothing . 
 she followed and was curious to see light ahead . 
 she could also hear voices . 
 men talking , and laughing . 
 soon she could see vasher 's silhouette ; she moved up next to him , peeking out of their tunnel and into an earthen room . 
 there was a fire burning at the center , the smoke twisting up through a hole in the ceiling . 
 the upper chamber-the building itself-was probably just a front , for the chamber down here looked very lived-in . 
 there were piles of cloth , bed rolls , pots and pans . 
 all of it as dirty as the men who sat around the fire , laughing . 
 vasher gestured to the side . 
 there was another tunnel a few feet to the side of the one they were hiding in . 
 vivenna 's heart jumped in shock as vasher crept into the room and toward the second tunnel . 
 she glanced at the fire . 
 the men were very focused on their drinking , and were blinded by the light . 
 they did n't seem to notice vasher . 
 she took a deep breath , then followed into the shadows of the large room , feeling exposed with the firelight to her back . 
 vasher did n't go far , however , before stopping . 
 vivenna nearly collided with him . 
 he stood there for a few moments ; finally , vivenna poked him in the back , trying to get him to move aside so that she could see what he was doing . 
 he shuffled , letting her see what was before him . 
 this tunnel ended abruptly-apparently , it was n't so much a tunnel as a nook . 
 nestled against the back of the nook was a cage , about as high as vivenna 's waist . 
 inside the cage was a child . 
 vivenna gasped softly , pushing past vasher and kneeling down beside the cage . 
 the valuable thing in the carriage , she thought , making the connection . 
 it was n't the coins . 
 it was the priest 's daughter . 
 the perfect bargaining chip if you wanted to blackmail someone into changing their position at court . 
 as vivenna knelt , the girl pulled back in the cage , sniffling quietly and quivering . 
 the cage stank of human waste , and the child was covered in grime-all except for lines on her cheeks , which had been streaked clean by tears . 
 vivenna looked up at vasher . 
 his eyes were shadowed , his back to the fire , but she could see him gritting his teeth . 
 she could see tension in his muscles . 
 he turned his head to the side , half-illuminating his face with the light of the red fire . 
 in that single lit eye , vivenna saw fury . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 one of the thieves called . 
 `` get the child out , '' vasher said in a harsh whisper . 
 `` how did you get here ! '' 
 another man yelled . 
 vasher met her eyes with his single illuminated one , and she felt herself shrink before him . 
 she nodded , and vasher turned away from her , one hand clenching into a fist , the other grabbing nightblood in a hard-knuckled grip . 
 he stepped slowly , deliberately , as he approached the men , his cloak rustling . 
 vivenna intended to do as asked , but she found it hard too look away from him . 
 the men drew blades . 
 vasher moved suddenly . 
 nightblood , still sheathed , took one man in the chest , and vivenna heard bones snap . 
 another man attacked , and vasher spun , whipping out a hand . 
 the tassels on his sleeve moved on their own , wrapping around the blade of the thief 's sword , catching it . 
 vasher 's momentum ripped the blade free , and he tossed it aside , the tassels releasing it . 
 the sword hit the dirt of the cellar floor ; vasher 's hand snapped up , grabbing the thief 's face . 
 the tassels wrapped around the man 's head like a squid 's tentacles . 
 vasher slammed the man backward and down into the ground-kneeling as he did to add momentum-even as he rammed the sheathed nightblood into another man 's legs , dropping him . 
 a third tried to cut vasher from behind , and vivenna cried a warning . 
 vasher 's cloak , however , suddenly whipped out-moving on its own-and grabbed the surprised man by the arms . 
 vasher turned , anger in his face , and swung nightblood toward the entangled man . 
 vivenna cringed at the sound of the cracking bones , and she turned away from the fight as the screaming continued . 
 with shaking fingers , she tried to open the cage . 
 it was locked , of course . 
 she drew out some breath from a rope , then tried to awaken the lock , but nothing happened . 
 metal , she thought . 
 of course . 
 it has n't been alive , so it ca n't be awakened . 
 instead she pulled a thread free from her shirt , trying to ignore the cries of pain from behind . 
 vasher began to bellow as he fought , losing any semblance of being a cold , professional killer . 
 this was a man enraged . 
 she raised the thread . 
 `` unlock things , '' she commanded . 
 the thread wiggled a bit , but when she stuck it into the lock , nothing happened . 
 she withdrew the breath , took a few calming breaths of her own , then closed her eyes . 
 have to get the intention right . 
 need it to go inside , twist the tumbler free . 
 `` twist things , '' she said , feeling the breath leave her . 
 she stuck the thread into the lock . 
 it spun about , and she heard a click . 
 the door opened . 
 the sounds of fighting from behind stopped , though men continued to moan . 
 vivenna recovered her breath then reached into the cage . 
 the girl cringed , crying out and hiding her face . 
 `` i 'm a friend , '' vivenna said soothingly . 
 `` please , i 'm here to help you . '' 
 but the girl wiggled , screaming when touched . 
 frustrated , vivenna turned back toward vasher . 
 he stood beside the fire , head bowed , bodies strewn around him . 
 he held nightblood in one hand , sheathed tip resting back against the dirty floor . 
 and , for some reason , he seemed larger than he had a few moments ago . 
 taller . 
 broader of shoulders . 
 more threatening . 
 vasher 's other hand was on nightblood 's hilt . 
 the sheath clasp was undone , and black smoke crept out , off of the blade , some pouring toward the ground , some floating up toward the ceiling . 
 as if it could n't decide . 
 vasher 's arm was quivering . 
 draw ... me ... a distant voice seemed to say in vivenna 's head . 
 kill them ... many of the men still twitched on the ground . 
 vasher began to slide the blade free . 
 it was dark black , and it seemed to suck in the firelight . 
 this is n't good , she thought . 
 `` vasher ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` vasher , the girl wo n't come to me ! '' 
 he froze , then glanced at her , eyes glazed over . 
 `` you defeated them , vasher . 
 no need to draw the sword . '' 
 yes ... yes there is ... he blinked , then saw her . 
 he snapped nightblood back into place , shaking his head and rushing toward her . 
 he kicked a body as he passed , earning a grunt . 
 `` colorless monsters , '' he whispered , looking into the cage . 
 he no longer seemed larger , and she decided that what she 'd seen must have just been a trick of the light . 
 he reached into the cage , holding out his hands . 
 and , oddly , the child immediately went to him , grabbing his chest and weeping . 
 vivenna watched with shock . 
 vasher picked the child up , tears in his own eyes . 
 `` you know her ? '' 
 vivenna asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 've met nanrovah , and knew he had young children , but i never met any of them . '' 
 `` then how ? 
 why did she come to you ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 `` come on , '' he said . 
 `` i attacked the ones who came running down when they heard screams . 
 but more might return . '' 
 he looked like he almost wished that would happen . 
 he turned toward the exit tunnel , and vivenna followed . 
 <br/> `` what ? '' 
 `` kidnapping that girl is something denth would have done , even if you had n't come to t'telir , '' vasher said . 
 `` i would never have found her . 
 denth worked with too many different groups of thieves , and i thought that burglary was simply intended to disrupt supplies . 
 like everyone else , i ignored the carriage . '' 
 he stopped then looked at vivenna in the darkness . 
 `` you saved that girl 's life . '' 
 `` by happenstance , '' she said . 
 she could n't see her hair in the dark , but she could feel it going red . 
 `` regardless . '' 
 vivenna smiled , the compliment affecting her-for some reason-far more than it should have . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i lost my temper , '' he said . 
 `` back in that lair . 
 a warrior is supposed to be calm . 
 when you duel or fight , you ca n't let anger control you . 
 that 's why i 've never been that good a duelist . '' 
 `` you did the job , '' she said , `` and denth has lost another pawn . '' 
 they moved out onto the street . 
 `` though , '' she added , `` i wish i had n't seen that lavish mansion . 
 does n't raise my opinion of the hallandren priests . '' 
 vasher shook his head . 
 `` nanrovah 's father was one of the wealthiest merchants in the city . 
 the son dedicated himself to serving the gods out of gratitude for their blessings . 
 he takes no pay for his service . '' 
 vivenna paused . 
 `` oh . '' 
 vasher shrugged in the darkness . 
 `` priests are always easy to blame . 
 they make convenient scapegoats-after all , anyone with a strong faith different from your own must either be a crazy zealot or a lying manipulator . '' 
 vivenna flushed yet again . 
 vasher stopped in the street , then turned to her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i did n't mean to say it that way . '' 
 he cursed , turning and walking again . 
 `` i told you i 'm no good at this . '' 
 `` it 's all right , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm getting used to it . '' 
 he nodded in the darkness , seeming distracted . 
 he is a good man , she thought . 
 or , at least , an earnest man trying to be good . 
 a part of her felt foolish for making yet another judgment . 
 yet she knew she could n't live-couldn ' t interact-without making some judgments . 
 so she judged vasher . 
 not as she 'd judged denth , who had said amusing things and given her what she 'd expected to see . 
 she judged vasher by what she had seen him do . 
 cry when he saw a child being held captive . 
 return that child to her father , his only reward an opportunity to make a rough plea for peace . 
 living with barely any money , dedicating himself to preventing a war . 
 he was rough . 
 he was brutal . 
 he had a terrible temper . 
 but he was a good man . 
 and , walking beside him , she felt safe for the first time in weeks . 
 50 and so we each have twenty thousand , '' blushweaver said , walking beside lightsong on the stone pathway that led in a circle around the arena . 
 `` yes , '' lightsong said . 
 their priests , attendants , and servants followed in a holy herd , though the two gods had refused palanquin or parasol . 
 they walked alone , side by side . 
 lightsong in gold and red . 
 blushweaver , for once , wearing a gown that actually covered her . 
 amazing , how good she looks in something like that , he found himself thinking , when she takes the time to respect herself . 
 he was n't certain what made him dislike her revealing outfits . 
 maybe he 'd been a prude in his former life . 
 or maybe he simply was one now . 
 he smiled ruefully to himself . 
 how much can i really blame on my `` old '' self ? 
 that man is dead . 
 he was n't the one who got himself involved in the kingdom 's politics . 
 the arena was filling , and-in a rare show-all of the gods would be in attendance . 
 only weatherlove was late , but he was often unpredictable . 
 important events are imminent , lightsong thought . 
 they have been building for years now . 
 why should i be at the center of them ? 
 his dreams the night before had been so odd . 
 finally , no visions of war . 
 just the moon . 
 and some odd twisting passages . 
 like ... tunnels . 
 many of the gods nodded in respect as he passed their pavilions-though , admittedly , some scowled at him , and a few just ignored him . 
 what a strange system of rule , he thought . 
 immortals who only last a decade or two-and who have never seen the outside world . 
 and yet the people trust us . 
 the people trust us . 
 `` i think we should share the command phrases with each other , lightsong , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` so that we each have all four , just in case . '' 
 he did n't say anything . 
 she turned away from him , looking at the people in their colorful clothing , clogging the benches and seats . 
 `` my , my , '' blushweaver said , `` quite the crowd . 
 and so few of them paying attention to me . 
 quite rude of them , would n't you say ? '' 
 lightsong shrugged . 
 `` oh , that 's right , '' she said . 
 `` perhaps they 're just ... what was it ? 
 stunned , dazzled , and dumbfounded ? '' 
 lightsong smiled faintly , remembering their conversation a few months back . 
 the day this all had started . 
 blushweaver looked at him , a longing in her eyes . 
 `` indeed , '' lightsong said . 
 `` or , perhaps , they 're really just ignoring you . 
 in order to compliment you . '' 
 blushweaver smiled . 
 `` and how , exactly , does ignoring me make a compliment ? 
 `` it provokes you to be indignant , '' lightsong said . 
 `` and we all know that is when you are in best form . '' 
 `` you like my form , then ? '' 
 `` it has its uses . 
 unfortunately , i can not compliment you by ignoring you as the others do . 
 you see , only truly , sincerely ignoring you would provide the intended compliment . 
 i am , actually , helpless and unable to ignore you . 
 i do apologize . '' 
 `` i see , '' blushweaver said . 
 `` i 'm flattered . 
 i think . 
 yet you seem very good at ignoring some things . 
 your own divinity . 
 general good manners . 
 my feminine wiles . '' 
 `` you 're hardly wily , my dear , '' lightsong said . 
 `` a wily man is one who fights with a small , carefully hidden dagger in reserve . 
 you are more like a man who crushes his opponent with a stone block . 
 regardless , i do have another method of dealing with you , one that you shall likely find quite flattering . '' 
 `` somehow i find myself doubting . '' 
 `` you should have more faith in me , '' he said with a suave wave of the hand . 
 `` i am , after all , a god . 
 in my divine wisdom , i have realized that the only way to truly compliment one such as you-blushweaver-is to be far more attractive , intelligent , and interesting than you . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` well , then , i feel rather insulted by your presence . '' 
 `` touche , '' lightsong said . 
 `` and are you going to explain why you consider competing with me to be the most sincere form of compliment ? '' 
 `` of course i am , '' lightsong said . 
 `` my dear , have you ever known me to make an inflammatorily ridiculous statement without providing an equally ridiculous explanation to substantiate it ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' she agreed . 
 `` you are nothing if not exhaustive in your self-congratulatory made-up logic . '' 
 `` i am rather exceptional in that regard . '' 
 `` undoubtedly . '' 
 `` anyway , '' lightsong said , holding up a finger , `` by being far more stunning than you are , i invite people to ignore you and pay attention to me . 
 that , in turn , invites you to be your usual charming self-throwing little tantrums and being overly seductive-to draw their attention back to you . 
 and that , as i explained , is when you are most majestic . 
 therefore , the only way to make certain you receive the attention you deserve is to draw it all away from you . 
 it 's really quite difficult . 
 i hope you appreciate all the work i do to be so wonderful . '' 
 `` let me assure you , '' she said , `` i do appreciate it . 
 in fact , i appreciate it so very much that i would like to give you a break . 
 you can back off . 
 i will bear the awful burden of being the most wonderful of the gods . '' 
 `` i could n't possibly let you . '' 
 `` but if you are too wonderful , my dear , you will completely destroy your image . '' 
 `` that image is getting tiresome anyway , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i 've long sought to be the most notoriously laziest of the gods , but i 'm realizing more and more that the task is beyond me . 
 the others are all naturally so much more delightfully useless than i am . 
 they just pretend not to be aware of it . '' 
 `` lightsong ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` one could say you begin to sound jealous ! '' 
 `` one could also say that my feet smell like guava fruit , '' he said . 
 `` just because one could say it does n't mean it 's relevant . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` you 're incorrigible . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i thought i was in t'telir . 
 when did we move ? '' 
 she held up a finger . 
 `` that pun was a stretch . '' 
 `` perhaps it was just a feint . '' 
 `` a feint ? '' 
 `` yes , an intentionally weak joke to distract from the real one . '' 
 `` which is ? '' 
 lightsong hesitated , glancing at the arena . 
 `` the joke that has been played on all of us , '' he said , voice growing softer . 
 `` the joke the others in the pantheon have played by giving me so much influence over what our kingdom will do . '' 
 blushweaver frowned at him , obviously sensing the growing bitterness in his voice . 
 they stopped on the walkway , blushweaver facing him , her back to the arena floor . 
 lightsong feigned a smile , but the moment was dying . 
 they could n't go on as they had . 
 not amidst the weighty matters in motion all around them . 
 `` our brothers and sisters are n't as bad as you imply , '' she said quietly . 
 `` only a matchless group of idiots would give me control of their armies . '' 
 `` they trust you . '' 
 `` they 're lazy , '' lightsong said . 
 `` they want others to make the difficult decisions . 
 that 's what this system encourages , blushweaver . 
 we 're all locked in here , expected to spend our time in idleness and pleasure . 
 and then we 're supposed to know what is best for our country ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` we 're more afraid of the outside than we 're willing to admit . 
 all we have are artworks and dreams . 
 that 's why you and i ended up with these armies . 
 nobody else wants to be the one who actually sends our troops out to kill and die . 
 they all want to be involved , but nobody wants to be responsible . '' 
 he fell silent . 
 she looked up at him , a goddess of perfect form . 
 so much stronger than the others , but she hid it behind her own veil of triviality . 
 `` i know one thing that you said is true , '' she said quietly . 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 `` you are wonderful , lightsong . '' 
 he stood there , looking into her eyes for a time . 
 widely set , beautiful green eyes . 
 `` you 're not going to give me your command phrases , are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i brought you into this , '' she said . 
 `` you always talk about being useless , but we all know that you 're one of the few who always goes through every picture , sculpture , and tapestry in his gallery . 
 the one who hears every poem and song . 
 the one who listens most deeply to the pleas of his petitioners . '' 
 `` you are all fools , '' he said . 
 `` there is nothing in me to respect . '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` you 're the one who makes us laugh , even while you insult us . 
 ca n't you see what that does ? 
 ca n't you see how you 've inadvertently set yourself above everyone else ? 
 you did n't do it intentionally , lightsong , and that 's what makes it work so well . 
 in a city of frivolity , you 're the only one who 's shown any measure of wisdom . 
 in my opinion , that 's why you hold the armies . '' 
 he did n't reply . 
 `` i knew you might resist me , '' she said . 
 `` but i thought that i 'd be able to influence you anyway . '' 
 `` you can , '' he said . 
 `` as you 've said , it 's your doing that i 'm involved in all of this . '' 
 she shook her head , still staring into his eyes . 
 `` i ca n't decide which feeling for you is stronger , lightsong . 
 my love or my frustration . '' 
 he took her hand and kissed it . 
 `` i accept them both , blushweaver . 
 with honor . '' 
 and with that , he turned from her and went to his box . 
 weatherlove had arrived ; that left only the god king and his bride . 
 lightsong sat down , wondering where siri was . 
 she usually got to the arena long before it was time to begin . 
 he found it difficult to focus his attention on the young queen . 
 blushweaver still stood on the walkway where he had left her , watching him . 
 finally , she turned , and made her way to h er own pavilion . 
 <br/> she felt vasher approach before he arrived . 
 not only did he have a lot of breath , but he was watching her , and she could feel the slight familiarity of that gaze . 
 she turned , picking him out of the crowd . 
 he stood out far more than she did , in his darker , ragged clothing . 
 `` congratulations , '' he said as he approached , taking her arm . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you 'll soon be an aunt . '' 
 `` what are you ... '' she trailed off . 
 `` siri ? '' 
 `` your sister is pregnant , '' he said . 
 `` the priests are going to make an announcement later this evening . 
 the god king is apparently remaining in his palace to celebrate . '' 
 vivenna stood , stunned . 
 siri . 
 pregnant . 
 siri , who was still a little girl in vivenna 's mind , bearing the child of that thing in the palace . 
 and yet was n't vivenna now fighting to keep that thing on his throne ? 
 no , she thought . 
 i have n't forgiven hallandren , even if i am learning not to hate it . 
 i ca n't let idris be attacked and destroyed . 
 she felt a panic . 
 suddenly , all of her plans seemed meaningless . 
 what would the hallandren do to her once they had their heir ? 
 `` we have to get her out , '' vivenna found herself saying . 
 `` vasher , we have to rescue her . '' 
 he remained quiet . 
 `` please , vasher , '' she whispered . 
 `` she 's my sister . 
 i thought to protect her by ending this war , but if your hunch is right , then the god king himself is one of those who wants to invade idris . 
 siri wo n't be safe with him . '' 
 `` all right , '' vasher said . 
 `` i will do what i can . '' 
 vivenna nodded , turning back to the arena . 
 the priests were withdrawing . 
 `` where are they going ? '' 
 `` to their gods , '' lightsong said . 
 `` to seek the will of the pantheon in formal vote . '' 
 `` about the war ? '' 
 vivenna asked , feeling a chill . 
 vasher nodded . 
 `` it is time . '' 
 <br/> you are afraid , nightblood said . 
 `` you do n't know what fear is , '' vasher replied . 
 i do . 
 you do n't like killing returned . 
 you 're afraid of them . 
 the sword was wrong , of course . 
 but , on the outside , vasher supposed that his hesitation did look like fear . 
 it had been a long time since he 'd dealt with the returned . 
 too many memories . 
 too much pain . 
 he made his way to the god king 's palace . 
 the structure was old , far older than the palaces that surrounded it . 
 once , this place had been a seaside outpost , overlooking the bay . 
 no city . 
 no colors . 
 just the stark , black tower . 
 it amused vasher that it had become the home of the god king of the iridescent tones . 
 vasher slid nightblood into a strap on his back then jumped from the wall toward the palace . 
 awakened tassels around his legs gave him extra strength , letting him leap some twenty feet . 
 he slammed against the side of the building , smooth onyx blocks rubbing his skin . 
 he twitched his fingers , and the tassels on his sleeves grabbed on to the ledge above him , holding him tight . 
 he breathed . 
 the belt at his waist-touching his skin , as always-awakened . 
 color drained from the kerchief tied to his leg beneath his trousers . 
 `` climb things , then grab things , then pull me up , '' he commanded . 
 three commands in one awakening , a difficult task for some . 
 for him , however , it had become as simple as blinking . 
 the belt untied itself , revealing it to be far longer than it looked when wrapped around him . 
 the twenty-five feet of rope snaked up the side of the building , curling inside of a window . 
 seconds later , the rope hauled vasher up and into the air . 
 awakened objects could , if created well , have much more strength than regular muscles . 
 he 'd once seen a small group of ropes not much thicker than his own lift and toss boulders at an enemy fortification . 
 he released his tassel grips , then pulled nightblood free as the rope deposited him inside the building . 
 he knelt silently , eyes searching the darkness . 
 the room was unoccupied . 
 carefully , he drew back his breath , then wrapped the rope around his arm and held it in a loose coil . 
 he stalked forward . 
 who are we going to kill ? 
 nightblood asked . 
 it 's not always about killing , vasher said . 
 vivenna . 
 is she in here ? 
 the sword was trying to interpret his thoughts again . 
 it had trouble with things that were n't fully formed in vasher 's head . 
 most thoughts passed through a man 's mind were fleeting and momentary . 
 flashes of image , sound , or scent . 
 connections made , then lost , then recovered again . 
 that sort of thing was difficult for nightblood to interpret . 
 vivenna . 
 the source of a lot of his troubles . 
 his work in the city had been easier when he 'd been able to assume that she was working willingly with denth . 
 then , at least , he 'd been able to blame her . 
 where is she ? 
 is she here ? 
 she does n't like me , but i like her . 
 vasher hesitated in the dark hallway . 
 you do ? 
 yes . 
 she 's nice . 
 and she 's pretty . 
 nice and pretty-words that nightblood did n't really understand . 
 he had simply learned when to use them . 
 still , the sword did have opinions , and it rarely lied . 
 it must like vivenna , even if it could n't explain why . 
 she reminds me of a returned , the sword said . 
 ah , vasher thought . 
 of course . 
 that makes sense . 
 he moved on . 
 what ? 
 nightblood said . 
 she 's descended from one , he thought . 
 you can tell by the hair . 
 there 's a bit of returned in her . 
 nightblood did n't respond to that , but vasher could feel it thinking . 
 he paused at an intersection . 
 he was pretty sure he knew where the god king 's chambers would be . 
 however , a lot of the interior seemed different now . 
 the fortress had been stark , built with odd twists and turns to confuse an invading foe . 
 those remained-all the stonework was the same-but the open dining halls or garrison rooms had been split into many , smaller rooms , colorfully decorated in the mode of the hallandren upper class . 
 where would the god king 's wife be ? 
 if she was pregnant , she 'd be under the care of servants . 
 one of the larger complex of chambers , he assumed , on a higher level . 
 he made his way to a stairwell . 
 fortunately , it seemed late enough that there were very few people awake . 
 the sister , nightblood said . 
 that 's who you 're after . 
 you 're rescuing vivenna 's sister ! 
 vasher nodded quietly in the darkness , feeling his way up the stairs , counting on his biochroma to let him know if he approached anyone . 
 though most of his breath was stored in his clothing , he had just enough to awaken the rope and to keep him aware . 
 you like vivenna too ! 
 nightblood said . 
 nonsense , vasher thought . 
 then why ? 
 her sister , he thought . 
 she 's a key to all of this , somehow . 
 i realized it today . 
 as soon as the queen arrived , the real move to start the war surged . 
 nightblood fell silent . 
 that kind of logical leap was a bit too complex for it . 
 i see , he said , though vasher smiled at the confusion he sensed in the voice . 
 at the very least , vasher thought , she 's a very handy hostage for the hallandren . 
 the god king 's priests-or whoever 's behind this-can threaten the girl 's life , should the war go poorly for them . 
 she makes an excellent tool . 
 one you intend to remove , nightblood said . 
 vasher nodded , reaching the top of the stairwell and slinking through one of the corridors . 
 he walked until he sensed someone nearby-a maid servant approaching . 
 vasher awakened his rope , stood in the shadows of an alcove , and waited . 
 as she passed , the rope shot from the shadows , wrapped around her waist , and yanked her into the darkness . 
 vasher had one of his tassel hands wrapped around her mouth before she could scream . 
 she squirmed , but the rope tied her tightly . 
 he felt a little stab of guilt as he loomed over her , her terrified eyes tearing up . 
 he reached for nightblood and pulled the sword slightly out of its sheath . 
 the girl immediately looked sick . 
 a good sign . 
 `` i need to know where the queen is , '' vasher said , forcing nightblood up so that his hilt touched her cheek . 
 `` you 're going to tell me . '' 
 he held her like that for a time , watching her squirm , feeling unhappy with himself . 
 finally , he relaxed the tassels , keeping the sword against her cheek . 
 she began to vomit , and he turned her to the side . 
 `` tell me , '' he whispered . 
 `` southern corner , '' the girl whispered , trembling , spittle on her cheek . 
 `` this floor . '' 
 vasher nodded , then tied her up with the rope , gagged her , and took his breath back . 
 he pushed nightblood back into the sheath then rushed down the hallway . 
 you wo n't kill a god who plans to march his armies to war ? 
 nightblood asked . 
 but you 'll nearly choke a young woman to death ? 
 it was a complicated statement for the sword . 
 however , it lacked the accusation that a human would have put into the words . 
 to nightblood it really was just a question . 
 i do n't understand my morality either , vasher thought . 
 i 'd suggest you avoid confusing yourself . 
 he found the place easily . 
 it was guarded by a large group of brutish men who seemed rather out of place in the fine palace hallways . 
 vasher paused . 
 something strange is going on here . 
 what do you mean ? 
 nightblood asked . 
 he had n't meant to address the sword , but that was the trouble with an object that could read minds . 
 any thoughts vasher formed in his head , nightblood thought were directed at it . 
 after all , in the sword 's opinion , everything really should have been directed toward it . 
 guards at the door . 
 soldiers , not servants . 
 so they had already taken her captive . 
 was she really even pregnant ? 
 were the priests just securing their power ? 
 that many men would be impossible to kill without making noise . 
 the best he could hope for was to take them fast . 
 maybe they were far enough from anyone else that a brief fight would n't be heard . 
 he sat for a few minutes , jaw clenched . 
 then , finally , he stepped closer and tossed nightblood in amongst the men . 
 he 'd let them fight each other and then be ready to deal with any who were n't taken into the sword 's influence . 
 nightblood clanged to the stones . 
 all of the men 's eyes turned toward it . 
 and , at that moment , something grabbed vasher by the shoulder and yanked him backward . 
 he cursed , spinning , throwing his hands up to wrestle with whatever had him . 
 an awakened rope . 
 men started to fight behind him . 
 vasher grunted , pulling out the knife in his boot , then slicing the awakened rope . 
 someone tackled him as he got free , and he was thrown back against the wall . 
 he grabbed his attacker by the face with one of his arm tassels , then twisted the man back and threw him into the wall . 
 another figured charged him from behind , but vasher 's awakened cloak caught that one , tripping him . 
 `` grab things other than me , '' vasher said quickly , snatching the cloak of one of the fallen men and awakening it . 
 that cloak whipped about , taking down another man , whom vasher then killed with a swipe of his dagger . 
 he kicked another man , throwing him backward , opening a pathway . 
 vasher lunged , making for nightblood , but three more figures burst out the rooms around him , cutting him off . 
 they were the same kind of brutish men that were now fighting over the sword . 
 men were all around . 
 dozens of them . 
 vasher kicked out , breaking a leg , but one man pulled vasher 's cloak off with a lucky twist . 
 others piled on top of him . 
 and then , another awakened rope snapped out , tying his legs together . 
 vasher reached for his vest . 
 `` your breath to - '' he began , trying to draw in some breath to use for an attack , but three men grabbed his hand and pulled it away . 
 within seconds , he was wrapped up in the awakened rope . 
 his cloak still fought against three men who were struggling to cut it up , but vasher himself was pinned . 
 someone emerged from the room to his left . 
 `` denth , '' vasher spat , struggling . 
 `` my good friend , '' denth said , nodding for one of his lackeys-the one known as tonk fah-to move down the hallway toward the queen 's room . 
 denth knelt beside vasher . 
 `` very good to see you . '' 
 vasher spat again . 
 `` still as eloquent as ever , i see , '' denth said with a sigh . 
 `` you know the best thing about you , vasher ? 
 you 're solid . 
 predictable . 
 i guess i am too , in a way . 
 hard to live as long as we have without falling into patterns , eh ? '' 
 vasher did n't reply , though he did try to yell as some men gagged him . 
 he noticed with satisfaction that he 'd taken down a good dozen opponents before they 'd managed to stop him . 
 denth eyed the fallen soldiers . 
 `` mercenaries , '' he said . 
 `` no risk is too great , assuming the pay is right . '' 
 he said it with a twinkle in his eye . 
 then he leaned down , his joviality gone as he met vasher 's eyes . 
 `` and you were always to be my payment , vasher . 
 i owe you . 
 for shashara , even still . 
 we 've been waiting , hidden in the palace here for a good two weeks , knowing that eventually the good princess vivenna would send you to save her sister . '' 
 tonk fah returned with a bundle held in a blanket . 
 nightblood . 
 denth eyed it . 
 `` throw that out somewhere far away , '' he said , grimacing . 
 `` i do n't know , denth , '' tonk fah said . 
 `` i kind of think we should keep it . 
 it could be very useful ... . '' 
 the beginnings of the lust began to show in his eyes , the desire to draw nightblood , to use the sword . 
 to destroy evil . 
 or , really , just to destroy . 
 denth stood and snatched the bundle away . 
 then he smacked tonk fah on the back of the head . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 tonk fah said . 
 denth rolled his eyes . 
 `` stop whining ; i just saved your life . 
 go check on the queen and then clean up that mess . 
 i 'll take care of the sword myself . '' 
 `` you always get so nasty when vasher 's around , '' tonk fah grumbled , waddling away . 
 denth wrapped up nightblood securely ; vasher watched , hoping to see the lust appear in denth 's eyes . 
 unfortunately , denth was far too strong-willed to be taken by the sword . 
 he had nearly as much history with it as vasher did . 
 `` take away all his awakened clothing , '' denth said to his men , walking away . 
 `` then hang him up in that room over there . 
 he and i are going to have a long talk about what he did to my sister . '' 
 52 lightsong sat in one of the rooms of his palace , surrounded by finery , a cup of wine in his hand . 
 despite the very late hour , servants moved in and out , piling up furniture , paintings , vases , and small sculptures . 
 anything that could be moved . 
 the riches sat in heaps . 
 lightsong lounged back on his couch , ignoring empty plates of food and broken cups , which he refused to let his servants take away . 
 a pair of servants entered , carrying a red and gold couch . 
 they propped it up by the far wall , nearly toppling a pile of rugs . 
 lightsong watched them leave then downed the rest of his wine . 
 he dropped the empty cup to the floor beside the others , and held out his hand for another full one . 
 a servant provided , as always . 
 he was n't drunk . 
 he could n't get drunk . 
 `` do you ever feel , '' lightsong said , `` like something is going on ? 
 something far greater than you are ? 
 like a painting you can only see the corner of , no matter how you squint and search ? '' 
 `` every day , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 he sat on a stool beside lightsong 's couch . 
 as always , he watched events calmly , though lightsong could sense the man 's disapproval as another group of servants piled several marble figurines in the corner . 
 `` how do you deal with it ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 `` i have faith , your grace , that someone understands . '' 
 `` not me , i hope , '' lightsong noted . 
 `` you are part of it . 
 but it is much larger than you . '' 
 lightsong frowned to himself , watching more servants enter . 
 soon the room would be so piled with his wealth that his servants would n't be able to move in and out . 
 `` it 's odd , is n't it , '' lightsong said , gesturing toward a pile of paintings . 
 `` arranged like this , none of it looks beautiful anymore . 
 when you put it together in piles , it just seems like junk . '' 
 llarimar raised an eyebrow . 
 `` the value in something relates to how it is treated , your grace . 
 if you see these items as junk , then they are , regardless of what someone else would pay for them . '' 
 `` there 's a lesson in there somewhere , is n't there ? '' 
 llarimar shrugged . 
 `` i am a priest , after all . 
 we have a tendency to preach . '' 
 lightsong snorted , then waved toward the servants . 
 `` that 's enough , '' he said . 
 `` you can go now . '' 
 the servants , having grown resigned to being banished , left the room promptly . 
 soon lightsong and llarimar were alone with piles and piles of riches , all stolen from other parts of his palace and brought into this one room . 
 llarimar surveyed the mounds . 
 `` so what is the point of all this , your grace ? '' 
 `` this is what i mean to them , '' lightsong said , gulping down some more wine . 
 `` the people . 
 they 'll give up their riches for me . 
 they sacrifice the breath of their souls to keep me alive . 
 i suspect that many would even die for me . '' 
 llarimar nodded quietly . 
 `` and , '' lightsong said , `` all i 'm expected to do at the moment is choose their fates for them . 
 do we go to war or do we remain at peace ? 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` i could argue for either side , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` it would be easy to sit here and condemn the war on mere principle . 
 war is a terrible , terrible thing . 
 and yet , it seems that few great accomplishments in history ever occur without the unfortunate fact of military action . 
 even the manywar , which caused so much destruction , can be regarded as the foundation of modern hallandren power in the inner sea region . '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 `` but , '' llarimar continued . 
 `` to attack our brethren ? 
 despite provocation , i can not help but think that invading is too extreme . 
 how much death , how much suffering , are we willing to cause simply to prove that we wo n't be pushed around ? '' 
 `` and what would you decide ? '' 
 `` fortunately , i do n't have to . '' 
 `` and if you were forced to ? '' 
 lightsong asked . 
 llarimar sat for a moment . 
 then , carefully , he removed the large miter from his head , revealing his thinning black hair plastered to the skull with sweat . 
 he set aside the ceremonial headgear . 
 `` i speak to you as a friend , lightsong , not your priest , '' llarimar said quietly . 
 `` the priest can not influence his god for fear of disrupting the future . '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 `` and as a friend , '' llarimar said , `` i honestly have trouble deciding what i would do . 
 i did n't argue on the floor of the court . '' 
 `` you rarely do , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i 'm worried , '' llarimar said , wiping his brow with a kerchief , shaking his head . 
 `` i do n't think we can ignore the threat to our kingdom . 
 the fact of the matter is , idris is a rebel faction living within our borders . 
 we 've ignored them for years , enduring under their almost tyrannical control of the northern passes . '' 
 `` so you 're for attacking ? '' 
 llarimar paused , then shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 no , i do n't think that even idris 's rebellion can justify the slaughter it would take to get those passes back . '' 
 `` great , '' lightsong said flatly . 
 `` so , you think we should go to war , but not attack . '' 
 `` actually , yes , '' llarimar said . 
 `` we declare war , we make a show of force , and we frighten them into realizing just how precarious their position is . 
 if we then hold peace talks , i 'll bet we could forge more favorable treaties for use of the passes . 
 they formally renounce their claim to our throne ; we recognize their in de pen dent sovereignty . 
 would n't we both get what we want ? '' 
 lightsong sat thoughtfully . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` that 's a very reasonable solution , but i do n't think those who are calling for war would accept it . 
 it seems that we 're missing something , scoot . 
 why now ? 
 why are tensions so high after the wedding , which should have unified us ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 lightsong smiled , standing . 
 `` well then , '' he said , eyeing his high priest . 
 `` let 's find out . '' 
 <br/> `` i wonder why the man who attacked the building did n't come in through the window , '' lightsong said . 
 then he noticed that the guards standing at the inner doorway had an easy view of this particular room . 
 ah , he thought . 
 well , then . 
 time for the backup plan . 
 lightsong stood up , walking out into the hallway . 
 llarimar followed , then jumped when he saw the guards . 
 they had similar expressions of amazement on their faces . 
 `` hello , '' lightsong said to the guards , then turned from them and walked down the hallway . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 one said . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 lightsong turned toward them , frowning . 
 `` you dare command a god ? '' 
 they froze . 
 then they glanced at each other . 
 one took off running in the opposite direction . 
 `` they 're going to alert others ! '' 
 llarimar said , rushing up . 
 `` we 'll be caught . '' 
 `` then we should move quickly ! '' 
 lightsong said , taking off in another run . 
 he smiled , hearing llarimar grudgingly break into a jog behind him . 
 they quickly reached the trapdoor . 
 lightsong knelt , feeling around for a few moments before finding the hidden clasp . 
 he triumphantly pulled the trapdoor open , then pointed down . 
 llarimar shook his head in resignation , then climbed down the ladder into darkness . 
 lightsong grabbed a lamp off the wall and followed . 
 the remaining guard-unable to interfere with a god-simply watched with concern . 
 the bottom was n't very far down . 
 lightsong found a tired llarimar sitting on some boxes in what was obviously a small storage cellar . 
 `` congratulations , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` we 've found the secret hiding place of their flour . '' 
 lightsong snorted , moving through the chamber , poking at the walls . 
 `` something living , '' he said , pointing at one wall . 
 `` that direction . 
 i can feel it with my life sense . '' 
 llarimar raised an eyebrow , standing . 
 they pulled back a few boxes , and behind them was a small tunnel entrance cut into the wall . 
 lightsong smiled , then crawled down through it , pushing the lamp ahead of him . 
 `` i 'm not sure i 'll fit , '' llarimar said . 
 `` if i fit , you will , '' lightsong said , voice muffled by the close confines . 
 he heard another sigh from llarimar , followed by shuffling as the portly man entered the hole . 
 eventually , lightsong passed out of another hole into a much larger tunnel , lit by several lanterns hanging from one of the walls . 
 he stood up , feeling self-satisfied as llarimar squeezed through . 
 `` there , '' lightsong said , throwing a lever and letting a grate drop down over the opening . 
 `` they 'll have trouble following now ! '' 
 `` and we 'll have trouble escaping , '' llarimar said . 
 `` escape ? '' 
 lightsong said , raising his lamp , inspecting the tunnel . 
 `` why would we want to do that ? '' 
 `` pardon me , your grace , '' llarimar said . 
 `` but it seems to me that you are getting far too much enjoyment from this experience . '' 
 `` well , i 'm called lightsong the bold , '' lightsong said . 
 `` it feels good to finally be living up to the title . 
 now , hush . 
 i can still feel life nearby . '' 
 the tunnel was obviously man-made , and resembled lightsong 's idea of a mine shaft . 
 just like the image from his dreams . 
 the tunnels had several branches , and the life he sensed was straight ahead . 
 lightsong did n't go that way , but instead turned left , toward a tunnel that sloped steeply downward . 
 he followed it for a few minutes to judge its likely trajectory . 
 `` figured it out yet ? '' 
 lightsong asked , turning to llarimar , who had taken one of the lanterns , as this tunnel did n't have any light of its own . 
 `` the lifeless barracks , '' llarimar said . 
 `` if this tunnel continues this way , it will lead directly to them . '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 `` why would they need a secret tunnel to the barracks ? 
 any god can go there whenever he wants . '' 
 llarimar shook his head , and they continued down the tunnel . 
 sure enough , after a short time , they arrived at a trapdoor in the ceiling which-when pushed up-led into one of the dark , lifeless ware houses . 
 lightsong shivered , looking out at the endless rows of legs , barely illuminated by his lamp . 
 he pulled his head back down , closed the trapdoor , and they followed the tunnel further . 
 `` it goes in a square , '' he said quietly . 
 `` with doors up into each of the lifeless barracks i 'll bet , '' llarimar said . 
 he reached out , taking a piece of dirt from the wall and crumbling it between his fingers . 
 `` this tunnel is newer than the one we were in up above . '' 
 lightsong nodded . 
 `` we should keep moving , '' he said . 
 `` those guards in mercystar 's palace know we 're down here . 
 i do n't know who they 'll tell , but i 'd rather finish exploring before we get chased out . '' 
 llarimar shivered visibly at that . 
 they walked back up the steep tunnel to the main one just below the palace . 
 lightsong still felt life down a side tunnel , but he chose the other branch to explore . 
 it soon became apparent that this one split and turned numerous times . 
 `` tunnels to some of the other palaces , '' he guessed , poking at a wooden beam used to support the shaft . 
 `` old-much older than the tunnel to the barracks . '' 
 llarimar nodded . 
 `` all right , then , '' lightsong said . 
 `` time to find out where the main tunnel goes . '' 
 llarimar followed as lightsong approached the main tunnel . 
 lightsong closed his eyes , trying to determine how close the life was . 
 it was faint . 
 almost beyond his ability to sense . 
 if everything else in this catacomb had n't been merely rocks and dirt , he would n't even have noticed the life in the first place . 
 he nodded to llarimar , and they continued down the tunnel as quietly as possible . 
 did it seem that he was able to move with surprising stealth ? 
 did he have unremembered experience with sneaking about ? 
 he was certainly better at it than llarimar . 
 of course , a tumbling boulder was probably better at moving quietly than llarimar , considering his bulky clothing and his puffing exhalations . 
 the tunnel went on straight for a time without branches . 
 lightsong looked up , trying to estimate what was above them . 
 the god king 's palace ? 
 he guessed . 
 he could n't be certain ; it was difficult to judge direction and distance under the ground . 
 he felt excited . 
 thrilled . 
 this was something no god was supposed to do . 
 sneaking at night , moving through secret tunnels , looking for secrets and clues . 
 odd , he thought . 
 they give us everything they think that we might want ; they glut us with sensation and experience . 
 and yet real feelings-fear , anxiety , excitement-are completely lost to us . 
 he smiled . 
 in the distance , he could hear voices . 
 he turned down the lamp and crept forward extra quietly , waving for llarimar to stay behind . '' 
 ... have him up above , '' a masculine voice was saying . 
 `` he came for the princess 's sister , as i said he would . '' 
 `` you have what you want , then , '' said another voice . 
 `` really , you pay far too much attention to that one . '' 
 `` do not underestimate vasher , '' the first voice said . 
 `` he has accomplished more in his life than a hundred men , and has done more for the good of all people than you will ever be able to appreciate . '' 
 silence . 
 `` are n't you planning to kill him ? '' 
 said the second voice . 
 `` yes . '' 
 silence . 
 `` you 're a strange one , denth , '' the second voice said . 
 `` however , our goal is accomplished . '' 
 `` you people do n't have your war yet . '' 
 `` we will . '' 
 lightsong crouched beside a small pile of rubble . 
 he could see light up ahead , but could n't distinguish much beyond some moving shadows . 
 his luck seemed remarkably good in arriving to hear this conversation . 
 was that proof that his dreams were , indeed , fortellings ? 
 or was it just coincidence ? 
 it was very late at night , and anyone still up was likely to be engaged in clandestine activities . 
 `` i have a job for you , '' the second voice said . 
 `` we 've got someone i need you to interrogate . '' 
 `` too bad , '' the first voice said , growing distant . 
 `` i 've got an old friend to torture . 
 i just had to pause to dispose of his monstrosity of a sword . '' 
 `` denth ! 
 come back here ! '' 
 `` you did n't hire me , little man , '' the first voice said , growing fainter . 
 `` if you want to make me do something , go get your boss . 
 until then , you know where to find me . '' 
 silence . 
 and then , something moved behind lightsong . 
 he spun , and could just barely make out llarimar creeping forward . 
 lightsong waved him back , then joined him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 llarimar whispered . 
 `` voices , ahead , '' lightsong whispered back , the tunnel dark around them . 
 `` talking about the war . '' 
 `` who were they ? '' 
 llarimar asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' lightsong whispered . 
 `` but i 'm going to find out . 
 wait here while i - '' he was interrupted by a loud scream . 
 lightsong jumped . 
 the sound came from the same place he had heard the voices , and it sounded like ... `` let go of me ! '' 
 blushweaver yelled . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ! 
 i 'm a goddess ! '' 
 lightsong stood up abruptly . 
 a voice said something back to blushweaver , but lightsong was too far down the tunnel to make out the words . 
 `` you will let me go ! '' 
 blushweaver yelled . 
 `` i - '' she cut off sharply , crying out in pain . 
 lightsong 's heart was pounding . 
 he took a step . 
 `` your grace ! '' 
 llarimar said , standing . 
 `` we should go for help ! '' 
 `` we are help , '' lightsong said . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 then-surprising himself-he charged down the tunnel . 
 he quickly approached the light , rounding a corner and coming into a section of tunnel that had been worked with rock . 
 in seconds , he was running on a smooth stone floor and burst into what appeared to be a dungeon . 
 blushweaver was tied into a chair . 
 a group of men wearing the robes of the god king 's priests stood around her with several uniformed soldiers . 
 blushweaver 's lip was bleeding , and she was crying through a gag that had been placed over her mouth . 
 she wore a beautiful nightgown , but it was dirty and disheveled . 
 the men in the room looked up in surprise , obviously shocked to see someone come up behind them . 
 lightsong took advantage of this shock and threw his shoulder against the soldier nearest to him . 
 he sent the man flying back into the wall , lightsong 's superior size and weight knocking him aside with ease . 
 lightsong knelt down and quickly pulled the fallen soldier 's sword from its sheath . 
 `` aha ! '' 
 lightsong said , pointing the weapon at the men in front of him . 
 `` who 's first ? '' 
 the soldiers regarded him dumbly . 
 `` i say , you ! '' 
 lightsong said , lunging at the next-closest guard . 
 he missed the man by a good three inches , fumbling and off-balance from the lunge . 
 the guard finally realized what was going on and pulled out his own sword . 
 the priests backed against the wall . 
 blushweaver blinked at her tears , looking shocked . 
 the soldier nearest lightsong attacked , and lightsong raised his blade awkwardly , trying to block , doing a horrible job of it . 
 the guard at his feet suddenly threw himself at lightsong 's legs , toppling him to the ground . 
 then one of the standing guards thrust his sword into lightsong 's thigh . 
 the leg bled blood as red as that of any mortal . 
 suddenly , lightsong knew pain . 
 pain literally greater than any he 'd known in his short life . 
 he screamed . 
 he saw , through tears , llarimar heroically trying to tackle a guard from behind , but the attack was almost as poorly executed as lightsong 's own . 
 the soldiers stepped away , several guarding the tunnel , another holding his bloodied blade toward lightsong 's throat . 
 funny , lightsong thought , gritting his teeth against the pain . 
 that was not at all how i imagined this going . 
 53 vivenna waited up for vasher . 
 he did not return . 
 she paced in the small , one-room hideout-the sixth in a series . 
 they never spent more than a few days in each location . 
 unadorned , it held only their bedrolls , vasher 's pack , and a single flickering candle . 
 vasher would have chastised her for wasting the candle . 
 for a man who held a king 's fortune in breaths , he was surprisingly frugal . 
 she continued pacing . 
 she knew that she should probably just go to sleep . 
 vasher could take care of himself . 
 it seemed that the only one in the city who could n't do that was vivenna . 
 and yet he 'd told her he was only going on a quick scouting mission . 
 though he was a solitary person himself , he apparently understood her desire to be a part of things , so he usually let her know where he was going and when to expect him back . 
 she 'd never waited up for denth to come back from a night mission , and she 'd been working with vasher for a fraction of the time she 'd spent with the mercenaries . 
 why did she worry so much now ? 
 though she had felt like she was denth 's friend , she had n't really cared about him . 
 he 'd been amusing and charming , but distant . 
 vasher was ... well , who he was . 
 there was no guile in him . 
 he wore no false mask . 
 she 'd only met one other person like that : her sister , the one who would bear the god king 's child . 
 lord of colors ! 
 vivenna thought , still pacing . 
 how did things turn into such a mess ? 
 <br/> she awakened the leggings , commanding them to strengthen her legs . 
 the leg tassels began to twist , and she raised each foot in turn , letting the tassels wrap around the bottoms . 
 her stance felt firmer , the leggings pulled tight against her skin . 
 finally , she tied on the sword vasher had given her . 
 she still did n't know how to use it , though she could hold it properly . 
 it felt right to bring it . 
 then she left . 
 <br/> the white cuffs of siri 's dress suddenly began to bend with color . 
 she looked up with hope as they entered a last room . 
 the god king stood inside the room , surrounded by a group of priests and soldiers . 
 `` susebron ! '' 
 she said , straining against her captives . 
 he took a step toward her , but a guard held his arm , pulling him back . 
 they 're touching him , siri thought . 
 all semblance of respect is gone . 
 no need to pretend now . 
 the god king looked down at his arm , frowning . 
 he tried to tug it free , but another soldier stepped up to help hold him . 
 susebron glanced at this man , then at siri , confused . 
 `` i do n't understand either , '' she said . 
 treledees entered the room . 
 `` bless the colors , '' he said . 
 `` you 've arrived . 
 quickly , we must go . 
 this place is not safe . '' 
 `` treledees , '' siri said , turning to glare at him . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 he ignored her . 
 `` i am your queen , '' siri said . 
 `` you will answer my question ! '' 
 he actually stopped , surprising her . 
 he turned with an annoyed look . 
 `` a group of lifeless has attacked the palace , vessel . 
 they are trying to get to the god king . '' 
 `` i figured out that much , priest , '' siri snapped . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 `` we do n't know , '' treledees said , turning from her . 
 as he did , a distant scream came from outside the room . 
 it was followed by the sound of fighting . 
 treledees glanced toward the sounds . 
 `` we have to move , '' he said to one of the other priests . 
 there were , perhaps , a dozen of them in the room , as well as a half-dozen soldiers . 
 `` the palace has too many doorways and passages . 
 it would be too easy to surround us . '' 
 `` the back exit ? '' 
 the other priest said . 
 `` if we can get to it , '' treledees responded . 
 `` where is that squadron of reinforcements i demanded ? '' 
 `` they 're not coming , your grace , '' a new voice said . 
 siri turned to see bluefingers , looking haggard , enter through the far door with a couple of wounded soldiers . 
 `` the enemy has taken the east wing and is pushing this way . '' 
 treledees cursed . 
 `` we have to get his majesty to safety ! '' 
 bluefingers said . 
 `` i 'm well aware of that , '' treledees snapped . 
 `` if the east wing has fallen , '' the other priest said , `` we wo n't be able to get out that way . '' 
 siri watched , helpless , trying to get bluefingers 's attention . 
 he met her eyes , then nodded covertly , smiling . 
 `` your grace , '' bluefingers said . 
 `` we can escape through the tunnels . '' 
 the sounds of fighting were growing closer . 
 it seemed to siri that their room was virtually surrounded by combat . 
 `` perhaps , '' treledees said as one of his priests rushed to the door to peek out . 
 the soldiers who had come with bluefingers were resting by the wall , bleeding . 
 one of them seemed to have stopped breathing . 
 `` we should go , '' bluefingers said urgently . 
 treledees was quiet . 
 then he walked over to one of the fallen soldiers and picked up the man 's sword . 
 `` very well , '' he said . 
 `` gendren , take half of the soldiers and go with bluefingers . 
 take his majesty to safety . '' 
 he looked at bluefingers . 
 `` seek the docks , if you can . '' 
 `` yes , your grace , '' bluefingers said , looking relieved . 
 the priests released the god king , and he rushed to siri , taking her in his arms . 
 she held him , tense , trying to sort through her emotions . 
 bluefingers . 
 going with him made sense-the look in his eyes indicated that he had a plan to save her and the god king , get them away from the priests . 
 and yet ... something felt wrong to her . 
 one of the priests gathered three of the soldiers and then moved to the far side of the room , peeking out . 
 they waved to siri and the god king . 
 the other priests joined treledees , taking weapons from the dead guards , their expressions grim . 
 bluefingers pulled on siri 's arm . 
 `` come , my queen , '' he whispered . 
 `` i made you a promise before . 
 let 's get you out of this mess . '' 
 `` what about the priests ? '' 
 she asked . 
 treledees glanced at her . 
 `` foolish girl . 
 go ! 
 the attackers are moving in this direction . 
 we will let them see us , then we will lead them in another direction . 
 they will assume we know where the god king is . '' 
 the priests with him did not look hopeful . 
 if-when-they were caught , they would be slaughtered . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 bluefingers hissed . 
 susebron looked at her , frightened . 
 she slowly let bluefingers tug her and the god king to the side , to where the solitary priest and three soldiers had been joined by a group of servants in brown . 
 something whispered in her mind . 
 something ... lightsong had told her . 
 do n't make too many waves until you 're ready to strike , he had said . 
 sudden and surprising , that 's how you want to do things . 
 you do n't want to appear nonthreatening-people are always suspicious of the innocent . 
 the trick is to appear average . 
 average . 
 it was good advice . 
 advice that , likely , others knew . 
 and understood . 
 she glanced at bluefingers , walking beside her , urging her forward . 
 nervous , as always . 
 the fighting , she thought . 
 several groups have been contending back and forth , seizing control of my room . 
 one force belongs to the priests . 
 the second force-the one with the lifeless-belongs to someone else . 
 this mysterious third party . 
 someone in t'telir had been pushing the kingdom toward war . 
 but who would have anything at all to gain from such a disaster ? 
 hallandren , which would expend huge resources to quell rebels , fighting a battle that they would win-but likely at great cost ? 
 it did n't make sense . 
 who would gain the most if hallandren and idris went to war ? 
 `` wait ! '' 
 siri said , stopping . 
 things were suddenly falling into place . 
 `` vessel ? '' 
 bluefingers asked . 
 susebron laid a hand on her shoulder , looking at her with confusion . 
 why would the priests sacrifice themselves if they were planning to kill susebron ? 
 why would they simply let us go , allow us to flee , if the god king 's safety were not their prime concern ? 
 she looked into bluefingers 's eyes , and saw him grow more nervous . 
 his face paled , and she knew . 
 `` how does it feel , bluefingers ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you 're from pahn kahl , yet everyone always just assumes that your people are hallandren . 
 the pahn kahl people were here first , in this land , but it was taken from you . 
 now you 're just another province , part of the kingdom of your conquerors . 
 `` you want to be free , but your people have no military of their own . 
 and so here you are . 
 unable to fight . 
 unable to free yourselves . 
 considered second-class . 
 and yet , if your oppressors were to get into a war , it might give you an opening . 
 a chance to break away ... '' he met her eyes , then took off in a dash , fleeing from the room . 
 `` what in the name of the colors ? '' 
 treledees said . 
 siri ignored him , looking up into the god king 's face . 
 `` you were right all along , '' she said . 
 `` we should have trusted your priests . '' 
 `` vessel ? '' 
 treledees said , stalking over . 
 `` we ca n't go that way , '' siri said . 
 `` bluefingers was leading us into a trap . '' 
 the high priest opened his mouth to respond , but she met his eyes sternly and turned her hair the deep red of anger . 
 bluefingers had betrayed her . 
 the one person she 'd thought she could trust to help them . 
 `` we go for the front gates , then , '' treledees said , looking over their motley collection of priests and wounded soldiers . 
 `` and try to fight our way out . '' 
 <br/> `` what good is godhood ? '' 
 lightsong whispered . 
 silence . 
 lanterns flickered on either side of the small chamber . 
 nobody had cleaned up blushweaver 's body , though they had left a couple of priests and lifeless behind to watch lightsong . 
 they still needed him , should it turn out that he 'd lied about the command phrases . 
 he had n't . 
 `` what ? '' 
 llarimar finally asked . 
 `` what good is it ? '' 
 lightsong said . 
 `` we are n't gods . 
 gods do n't die like that . 
 a little cut . 
 not even as wide as my palm . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' llarimar said . 
 `` she was a good woman , even among gods . '' 
 `` she was n't a god , '' lightsong said . 
 `` none of us are . 
 those dreams are lies , if they led me to this . 
 i 've always known the truth , but nobody pays attention to what i say . 
 should n't they listen to the one they worship ? 
 particularly if he 's telling you not to worship him ? '' 
 `` i ... '' llarimar seemed at a loss for words . 
 `` they should have seen , '' lightsong hissed . 
 `` they should have seen the truth about me ! 
 an idiot . 
 not a god , but a scribe . 
 a silly little scribe who was allowed to play god for a few years ! 
 a coward . '' 
 `` you 're no coward , '' llarimar said . 
 `` i could n't save her , '' lightsong said . 
 `` i could n't do anything . 
 i just sat there and screamed . 
 maybe if i 'd been more brave , i 'd have joined with her and taken control of the armies . 
 but i hesitated . 
 and now she 's dead . '' 
 silence . 
 `` you were a scribe , '' llarimar said quietly to the damp air . 
 `` and you were one of the best men i 'd ever known . 
 you were my brother . '' 
 lightsong looked up . 
 llarimar stared out through the bars , staring at one of the flickering lanterns hanging from the stark stone wall . 
 `` i was a priest , even then . 
 i worked in the palace of kindwinds the honest . 
 i saw how he lied to play political games . 
 the longer i stayed in that palace , the more my faith waned . '' 
 he fell silent for a moment , then he looked up . 
 `` and then you died . 
 died rescuing my daughter . 
 that 's the girl you see in your visions , lightsong . 
 the description is perfect . 
 she was your favorite niece . 
 still would be , i assume . 
 if you had n't ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` when we found you dead , i lost hope . 
 i was going to resign my position . 
 i knelt above your body , weeping . 
 and then , the colors started to glow . 
 you lifted your head , body changing , getting larger , muscles growing stronger . 
 `` i knew it at that moment . 
 i knew that if a man like you were chosen to return-a man who had died to save another-then the iridescent tones were real . 
 the visions were real . 
 and the gods were real . 
 you gave me back my faith , stennimar . '' 
 he met lightsong 's eyes . 
 `` you are a god . 
 to me , at least . 
 it does n't matter how easily you can be killed , how much breath you have , or how you look . 
 it has to do with who you are and what you mean . '' 
 55 there is fighting at the front gates , your excellency , '' the bloodied soldier said . 
 `` the insurgents are fighting each other there . 
 we ... we might be able to get out . '' 
 siri felt a stab of relief . 
 finally , something going right . 
 treledees turned toward her . 
 `` if we can get into the city , the people will rally around their god king . 
 we should be safe there . '' 
 `` where did they get so many lifeless ? '' 
 siri asked . 
 treledees shook his head . 
 they had paused in a room near the front of the palace , desperate , yet unsure . 
 breaking through the pahn kahl fortification of the court of gods was bound to be difficult . 
 she looked up at susebron . 
 his priests treated him like a child-they gave him respect , but they obviously gave no thought to ask his opinion . 
 for his part , he stood , hand on her shoulder . 
 she saw thoughts and ideas working behind those eyes of his , but there was nothing for him to write on to tell her . 
 `` vessel , '' treledees said , drawing her attention . 
 `` you need to know something . '' 
 she looked at him . 
 `` i hesitate to mention this , '' treledees said , `` as you are not a priest . 
 but ... if you survive and we do not ... '' `` speak it , '' she commanded . 
 `` you can not bear the god king a child , '' he said . 
 `` like all returned , he is unable to sire children . 
 we have not yet learned how the first returned managed to have a child all those years ago . 
 in fact ... '' `` you do n't even think he did , '' she said . 
 `` you think the royal line is a fabrication . '' 
 of course the priests dispute the record of the royal line coming from the first returned , she thought . 
 they would n't want to give credibility to idris 's claim to the throne . 
 he flushed . 
 `` it 's what people believe that matters . 
 regardless , we ... have a child ... '' `` yes , '' siri said . 
 `` a returned child you are going to make the next god king . '' 
 he looked at her , shocked . 
 `` you know ? '' 
 `` you 're planning to kill him , are n't you ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` take susebron 's breath and leave him dead ! '' 
 `` colors , no ! '' 
 treledees said , shocked . 
 `` how-how could you think ? 
 no , we 'd never do such a thing ! 
 vessel , the god king needs only give away the treasure of breaths he holds , investing them into the next god king , and then he can live the rest of his life-so long as he should desire-in peace . 
 we change god kings whenever an infant returns . 
 it is our sign that the previous god king has done his duty , and should be allowed to live the rest of his life without bearing his terrible burdens . '' 
 siri looked at him skeptically . 
 `` that 's foolish , treledees . 
 if the god king gives away his breath , he will die . '' 
 `` no , there is a way , '' the priest said . 
 `` that is supposed to be impossible . '' 
 `` not at all . 
 think about it . 
 the god king has two sources of breath . 
 one is his innate , divine breath-that which makes him returned . 
 the other is the breath given to him as the treasure of peacegiver , fifty thousand breaths strong . 
 that he could use as any awakener could , as long as he is careful about the commands he uses . 
 he could also survive quite easily as a returned without it . 
 any of the other gods could do the same , should they gain breath beyond the one a week which sustains them . 
 they 'd consume them at a rate of one a week , of course , but they could stockpile them and use the extras in the meantime . '' 
 `` you keep them from realizing that , though , '' siri said . 
 `` not keep specifically , '' the priest said , looking away . 
 `` it does not arise . 
 why would the returned care about awakening ? 
 they have everything they need . '' 
 `` except knowledge , '' siri said . 
 `` you keep them in ignorance . 
 i 'm surprised you did n't cut out all their tongues to hide your precious secrets . '' 
 treledees looked back at her , expression hardening . 
 `` you judge us still . 
 we do what we do because it is what we must , vessel . 
 the power he holds in that treasure-fifty thousand breaths-could destroy kingdoms . 
 it is too great a weapon ; we were charged as our sole , divine mission to keep it safe and not let it be used . 
 if kalad 's army ever returns from where it was exiled , we - '' a sound came from a nearby room . 
 treledees looked , concerned , and susebron 's grip on siri 's shoulder tightened . 
 she looked up , concerned . 
 `` treledees , '' she said . 
 `` i need to know . 
 how ? 
 how can susebron give away his breath ? 
 he can speak no command ! '' 
 `` i - '' treledees was interrupted by a group of lifeless bursting through the doorway to their left . 
 treledees yelled for her to flee , but another group of the creatures came through the other way . 
 siri cursed , grabbing susebron 's hand , pulling him toward yet another doorway . 
 she pulled it open . 
 bluefingers stood on the other side . 
 he looked into her eyes , face grim . 
 lifeless stood behind him . 
 siri felt a stab of terror , backing away . 
 sounds of fighting came from behind her , but she was too focused on the lifeless stepping around bluefingers toward her and susebron . 
 the god king cried out , a tongueless , wordless groan of anger . 
 and then the priests were there . 
 they threw themselves in front of the lifeless , trying to beat them back , trying desperately to protect their god king . 
 siri clung to her husband in the ruddy room , watching as the priests were slaughtered by emotionless warriors with grey faces . 
 priest after priest jumped in the way , some with weapons , others simply waving their arms in a hopeless attack . 
 she saw treledees grit his teeth , terror showing in his eyes as he ran forward , trying to attack a lifeless . 
 he died like the others . 
 his secrets died with him . 
 the lifeless stepped over the corpses . 
 susebron pushed siri behind him , arms shaking as he backed them toward a wall , facing down the bloodied monsters . 
 the lifeless finally stopped , and bluefingers walked around them , looking past susebron toward her . 
 `` and now , vessel , i believe we were going somewhere . '' 
 <br/> the front of the palace was very well guarded by a group of men who were n't wearing uniforms . 
 he 's in there , nightblood said . 
 i can feel him . 
 third floor . 
 where he and i were before . 
 vivenna got an image of the room shoved into her head . 
 she frowned . 
 remarkably useful , she thought , for an evil weapon of destruction . 
 i 'm not evil , nightblood said , voice not defensive , simply informative . 
 as if reminding her of something she 'd forgotten . 
 i destroy evil . 
 i think maybe we should destroy those men up ahead . 
 they look evil . 
 you should pull me out . 
 for some reason , she doubted that would be a good idea . 
 come on , nightblood said . 
 the soldiers were pointing at her . 
 she glanced behind , and saw others rushing across the lawn . 
 austre , forgive me , she thought . 
 then , gritting her teeth , she threw nightblood-blanket and all-toward the guards in front of the building . 
 they halted . 
 to a man , they looked down at the sword as it rolled free of the blanket , silver sheath glistening on the lawn . 
 well , i guess this works too , nightblood noted , voice feeling distant now . 
 one of the soldiers picked up the sword . 
 vivenna dashed past them , ignored by the soldiers . 
 they started to fight . 
 ca n't go that way , she thought , eyeing the front entrance , not wanting to risk pushing her way through fighting men . 
 so instead she ran to the side of the massive palace . 
 the lower levels were made of the steplike black blocks that gave the palace its pyramidlike quality . 
 above these , it grew into a more traditional fortress , with steep walls . 
 there were windows , if she could reach them . 
 she twitched her fingers , making the tassels on her sleeves clench and unclench . 
 then she jumped , her awakened leggings tossing her up a few extra feet . 
 she reached up and made the tassels grab the edge of the large , black block . 
 the tassels just barely held , gripping the stone like footlong fingers . 
 with difficulty , vivenna pulled herself up onto the block . 
 men yelled and screamed below , and she spared them a glance . 
 the guard who had grabbed nightblood was fighting off the others , a small trail of black smoke swirling around him . 
 as she watched , he backed into the palace itself , the other men following him . 
 so much evil , nightblood said , like a woman tisking as she cleaned cobwebs from her ceiling . 
 vivenna turned away , feeling slightly guilty for giving the sword to the men . 
 she jumped up and pulled herself onto the next block , continuing as the soldiers who had seen her from the walls arrived . 
 they wore the colors of the city guard , and while a couple of them got caught up in the nightblood fight , most of them ignored it . 
 vivenna continued up . 
 to the right , nightblood said distantly . 
 that window on the third floor . 
 two over . 
 he 's in there ... as his voice faded , vivenna looked up at the window indicated . 
 she still had to climb up a number of blocks , then somehow reach a window that was an entire story up a sheer wall . 
 there did appear to be some decorative stonework that could serve as handholds , but she grew dizzy even thinking about climbing them . 
 an arrow snapped against the stone beside her , making her jump . 
 several guards below had bows . 
 colors ! 
 she thought , pulling herself up to the next block . 
 she heard a whoosh behind her , and cringed , feeling as if she should have been struck , but nothing happened . 
 she pulled herself up onto the block , then twisted around . 
 she could just barely see a corner of her cloak holding an arrow . 
 she started , grateful that she had awakened it . 
 it dropped the arrow , then returned to normal . 
 handy , that , she thought , climbing up the last block . 
 by the time she got on top of it , her arms were sore . 
 fortunately , her awakened fingers were still gripping as well as ever . 
 she took a deep breath , then began to climb straight up the upper wall of the black fortress , using the carvings as handholds . 
 and decided , for her own sanity , that she 'd better avoid looking down . 
 <br/> and what better way to make idris willing to fight , she thought with horror , than to kill me ? 
 both sides will see the death of my supposed child as an act of war . 
 this wo n't simply be a fight for domination . 
 it will be a drawn-out war of hatred . 
 the fighting could last for decades . 
 and nobody will ever realize that our real enemy-the one who started it all-is the peaceful , quiet province to the south of hallandren . 
 56 vivenna hung outside the window , breathing deeply , sweating heavily . 
 she 'd peeked inside . 
 denth was in there , as was tonk fah . 
 vasher was hanging from a hook on the ceiling . 
 he was bloodied , and he held no breath , but he seemed to be alive . 
 can i stop both denth and tonk fah ? 
 she thought . 
 her arms were tired . 
 she had a couple of lengths of rope in her pocket she could awaken . 
 what if she threw and missed ? 
 she had seen denth fight . 
 he was faster than she 'd thought possible . 
 she would have to surprise him . 
 and if she missed , she would die . 
 what am i doing ? 
 she thought . 
 hanging from a wall , about to challenge two professional soldiers ? 
 her recent past gave her the strength to push down her fear . 
 they might kill her , but that would be a quick end . 
 she 'd survived betrayals , the death of a dear friend , and a time going mad from the illness , hunger , and terror of living on the streets . 
 she 'd been pushed down , forced to admit that she 'd betrayed her people . 
 there was n't really any more they could do to her . 
 for some reason , those thoughts gave her power . 
 surprised at her own determination , she quietly recovered the breath from her cloak and her leggings . 
 she awakened a pair of rope pieces , telling them to grab when thrown . 
 she said a quiet prayer to austre , then pulled herself up through the window and into the room . 
 vasher was groaning . 
 tonk fah was dozing in the corner . 
 denth , holding a bloody knife , looked up immediately as she landed . 
 the look of utter shock on his face was , in itself , almost worth everything she 'd been through . 
 she tossed the rope at him , threw the other at tonk fah , then dashed into the room . 
 denth reacted immediately , cutting the rope out of the air with his dagger . 
 the pieces of it twisted and wriggled , but were n't long enough to grab anything . 
 the one she threw at tonk fah , however , hit . 
 he cried out , waking as it wrapped around his face and neck . 
 vivenna pulled to a halt beside vasher 's swinging body . 
 denth had his sword out ; he 'd pulled it free more quickly than she could track . 
 she gulped , then pulled out her own sword , holding it forward as vasher had taught her . 
 denth paused just briefly in surprise . 
 that was enough . 
 she swung-not for denth , but for the rope holding vasher to the ceiling . 
 he fell with a grunt , and denth struck , slamming the point of his dueling blade through her shoulder . 
 she fell , gasping in pain . 
 denth stepped back . 
 `` well , princess , '' he said , warily holding his blade . 
 `` i did n't expect to see you here . '' 
 tonk fah made a gagging sound as the rope twisted around his neck , choking him . 
 he struggled to pull it free with little success . 
 once , the pain in her shoulder might have been debilitating . 
 but after the beatings she 'd taken on the street , it seemed somewhat familiar to her . 
 she looked up , and met denth 's eyes . 
 `` was this supposed to be a rescue ? '' 
 denth asked . 
 `` because honestly , i 'm not very impressed . '' 
 tonk fah knocked over his stool in his thrashing . 
 denth glanced at him , then back at vivenna . 
 there was a moment of silence , save for tonk fah 's weakening struggles . 
 finally , denth cursed and jumped over to cut at the rope on his friend 's neck . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 vasher asked from beside her . 
 she was shocked by how solid his voice sounded , despite his bloodied body . 
 she nodded . 
 `` they 're going to send lifeless marching on your homeland , '' he said . 
 `` we 've been wrong about this all along . 
 i do n't know who 's behind it , but i think they 're winning the fight for the palace . '' 
 denth finally got the rope cut free . 
 `` you need to run , '' vasher said , wiggling his hands free from their rope bonds . 
 `` get back to your people , tell them not to fight the lifeless . 
 they need to flee through the northern passes , hide in the highlands . 
 do not fight or bring other kingdoms into the war . '' 
 vivenna glanced back at denth , who was smacking tonk fah back to consciousness . 
 then she closed her eyes . 
 `` your breath to mine , '' she said , drawing back the breath from her hand tassels , adding it to the large amount she still held from before . 
 she reached out , placing her hand on vasher . 
 `` vivenna ... '' he said . 
 `` my life to yours , '' she said . 
 `` my breath become yours . '' 
 her world became a thing of dullness . 
 beside her , vasher gasped , then began to convulse at the bestowal of breath . 
 denth stood up , spinning . 
 `` you do it , vasher , '' vivenna whispered . 
 `` you 'll be far better at it than i will be . '' 
 `` stubborn woman , '' vasher said as he overcame the convulsions . 
 he reached out , as if to restore her breath to her , but noticed denth . 
 denth smiled , raising his blade . 
 vivenna put a hand to her shoulder , stopping the blood flow , and she began to push herself back toward the window-though , without breath , she was n't certain what she intended to do there . 
 vasher stood up , taking her sword in his hand . 
 he wore only the bloody , knee-length underbreeches , but his stance was firm . 
 he slowly wrapped the rope he 'd been hanging from around his waist , forming his characteristic belt . 
 how does he do it ? 
 she thought . 
 where does his strength come from ? 
 `` i should have hurt you more , '' denth said . 
 `` i took my time . 
 savoring it too much . '' 
 vasher snorted , tying off the belt . 
 denth seemed to be waiting , anticipating something . 
 `` i 've always found it funny that we bleed , just like ordinary men , '' denth said . 
 `` we might be stronger , might live much longer , but we die just the same . '' 
 `` not the same , '' vasher said , raising vivenna 's blade . 
 `` other men die with far more honor than we , denth . '' 
 denth smiled . 
 vivenna could see excitement in his eyes . 
 he always claimed that there was no way vasher could have beat his friend , arsteel , in a duel , she thought . 
 he wants to fight vasher . 
 he wants to prove to himself that vasher is n't as good as he is . 
 blades whipped into motion . 
 and after just a quick exchange , vivenna could see that there was no contest . 
 denth was clearly the better . 
 perhaps it was vasher 's wounds . 
 perhaps it was the growing anger she saw in vasher 's eyes as he fought , marring his ability to be calm and collected during the fight . 
 maybe he just really was n't as good as denth . 
 however , as vivenna watched , she realized that vasher was going to lose . 
 i did n't do all this so you could just die ! 
 she thought , rising to try to help . 
 a hand fell on her shoulder , pushing her back down . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' tonk fah said , looming over her . 
 `` nice trick with the rope , by the way . 
 very clever . 
 i know a few tricks with ropes myself . 
 did you know , for instance , that a rope can be used to burn a person 's flesh ? '' 
 he smiled , then leaned down . 
 `` mercenary humor , you see . '' 
 his cloak slid slightly off his shoulder , falling against her cheek . 
 it ca n't be , she thought . 
 i escaped from him . 
 i tried to awaken his cloak , but used a bad command . 
 could he have been stupid enough to keep wearing it ? 
 she smiled , glancing over her shoulder . 
 vasher had backed against the far wall , to the window , and he was sweating profusely , bloody drops falling to the ground . 
 denth forced him back again , and vasher stepped up on the table by the far wall , seeking high ground . 
 she looked back at tonk fah , his cloak still touching her cheek . 
 `` your breath to mine , '' she said . 
 she felt a sudden , welcoming burst of breath . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 tonk fah said . 
 `` nothing , '' she said . 
 `` just ... attack and grab denth ! '' 
 command made , visualization made , the cloak began to quiver . 
 tonk fah 's shirt drained of color , and his eyes widened with surprise . 
 the cloak suddenly whipped into the air , yanking tonk fah to the side and causing him to stumble away from her . 
 that 's why i 'm the princess , and you 're just a mercenary , she thought with satisfaction , rolling over . 
 tonk fah cried out . 
 denth spun at the sound , yelling as the very large , very uncoordinated pahn kahl man crashed into him , cloak whipping about . 
 denth slammed backward , catching vasher by surprise as they rammed together . 
 tonk fah grunted . 
 denth cursed . 
 and vasher was shoved backward out the window . 
 vivenna blinked in surprise . 
 that was n't what she 'd been intending . 
 denth cut away the cloak , pushing tonk fah back . 
 all was silent in the room for a moment . 
 `` go grab our squad of lifeless ! '' 
 denth said . 
 `` now ! '' 
 `` you think he 'll live ? '' 
 tonk fah asked . 
 `` he just fell out the third-story window , plummeting toward certain doom , '' denth said . 
 `` of course he 'll live ! 
 send the squad to the front doors to slow him ! '' 
 denth glanced at vivenna . 
 `` you , princess , are far more trouble than you 're worth . '' 
 `` so people are fond of telling me , '' she said with a sigh , raising her bloodied hand to her shoulder again , too exhausted to be as scared as she probably should be . 
 <br/> they fought in a trio , vasher and his two sets of awakened clothing . 
 the guards cursed , much more wary now . 
 vasher eyed them , planning an attack . 
 at that moment , a troop of some fifty lifeless barreled around the corner , charging toward him . 
 colors ! 
 vasher thought . 
 he growled in rage , striking and taking down another soldier . 
 colors , colors , colors ! 
 you should n't swear , a voice said in his head . 
 shashara told me that was evil . 
 vasher spun toward the sound . 
 a little line of black smoke was trailing out from beneath the closed front doors of the palace . 
 are n't you going to thank me ? 
 nightblood said . 
 i came to save you . 
 one of his sets of clothing fell , the leg cut off by soldier 's clever strike . 
 vasher reached back , drawing the breath back from the second set of clothing , then stepped with an unclothed toe on the fallen set , recovering the breath from it as well . 
 the soldiers backed away , wary , more than happy to let the lifeless take him . 
 and in that moment of peace , vasher charged for the gates to the palace . 
 he threw his shoulder against them , slamming them open , skidding into the entryway . 
 a large group of men lay dead on the ground . 
 nightblood sprouted from one man 's chest , as usual , hilt pointing toward the sky . 
 vasher hesitated only briefly . 
 he could hear lifeless charging up behind him . 
 he ran forward and grabbed nightblood 's hilt and pulled the sword free , leaving the sheath behind in the body . 
 the blade sprayed a wave of black liquid as he swung it . 
 the liquid dissolved into smoke before touching walls or floor , like water in an oven . 
 smoke twisted , some rising from the blade , some falling in a stream to the floor , dripping like black blood . 
 destroy ! 
 nightblood 's voice boomed in his head . 
 the evil must be destroyed ! 
 pain shot up vasher 's arm , and he felt his breath being leached away , sucked into the blade , fueling its hunger . 
 drawing the weapon had a terrible cost . 
 at that moment , he did n't really care . 
 he spun toward the charging lifeless and-enraged-attacked . 
 each creature he struck with the blade immediately flashed and became smoke . 
 a single scratch and the bodies dissolved like paper being consumed by an invisible fire , leaving behind only a large stain of blackness in the air . 
 vasher spun among them , striking with wrath , killing lifeless after lifeless . 
 black smoke churned around him , and his arm twisted with pain as veinlike tendrils climbed up the hilt and around his forearm-like black blood vessels that latched on to his skin , feeding off his breath . 
 in a matter of minutes , the breath vivenna had given him had been reduced by half . 
 yet in those moments , he destroyed all fifty lifeless . 
 the soldiers outside pulled to a halt , watching the display . 
 vasher stood amidst a churning mass of deep ebony smoke . 
 it slowly rose into the air , the only remnants of the fifty creatures he had destroyed . 
 the soldiers ran away . 
 vasher screamed , charging toward the side of the room . 
 he slammed nightblood through a wall . 
 the stone dissolved just as easily as flesh had , evaporating away before him . 
 he burst through the dissipating black smoke , entering the next room . 
 he did n't bother with a stairwell . 
 he simply jumped onto a table and rammed nightblood into the ceiling . 
 a circle ten feet wide vanished . 
 dark , mistlike smoke fell around him like streaks of paint . 
 he awakened his rope again then tossed it up , using it to pull himself up onto the next floor . 
 a moment later , he did it again , climbing onto the third floor . 
 he spun , slashing through walls , bellowing as he ran back toward denth . 
 the pain in his arm was incredible , and his breath was draining away at an alarming rate . 
 once it was gone , nightblood would kill him . 
 everything was growing fuzzy . 
 he slashed through a final wall , finding the room where he had been tortured . 
 it was empty . 
 he cried out , arm shaking . 
 destroy ... evil ... nightblood said in his mind , all lightness gone from the tone , all familiarity . 
 it boomed like a command . 
 an awful , inhuman thing . 
 the longer vasher held the sword , the faster it drained his breath . 
 gasping , he threw the sword aside and fell to his knees . 
 it skidded , tearing a rip in the floor that puffed away into smoke , but hit a wall with a pling and fell still . 
 smoke rose from the blade . 
 vasher knelt , arm twitching . 
 the black veins on his skin slowly evaporated . 
 he was left with just barely enough breath to reach the first heightening . 
 another few seconds , and nightblood would have sucked the rest away . 
 he shook his head , trying to clear his vision . 
 something fell to the tiled floor in front of him . 
 a dueling blade . 
 vasher looked up . 
 `` stand up , '' denth said , eyes hard . 
 `` we 're going to finish what we started . '' 
 57 bluefingers led siri-held by several lifeless-up to the fourth floor of the palace . 
 the top floor . 
 they entered a room lavishly decorated with rich colors , even for hallandren . 
 lifeless guards there let them pass , bowing their heads to bluefingers . 
 all the lifeless in the city are controlled by bluefingers and his scribes , she thought . 
 but even before that , the scribes had great power over the bureaucracy and workings of the kingdom . 
 did the hallandren realize that they were dooming themselves by relegating the pahn kahl people to such lowly-yet important-positions ? 
 `` my people will not fall for this , '' siri found herself saying as she was pulled to the front of the room . 
 `` they wo n't fight hallandren . 
 they 'll retreat through the passes . 
 take refuge in the highland valleys or one of the outer kingdoms . '' 
 the front of the room held a black block of stone , shaped like an altar . 
 siri frowned . 
 from behind , a group of lifeless entered the room , carrying the corpses of several priests . 
 she saw treledees 's body among them . 
 what ? 
 siri thought . 
 bluefingers turned toward her . 
 `` we 'll make certain they 're angry , '' he said . 
 `` trust me . 
 when this is through , princess , idris will fight until either it or hallandren is destroyed . '' 
 <br/> lightsong blinked . 
 his face was pressed up against something painted on the wood . 
 a red panther , glistening in the lanternlight and the rain . 
 the name of the ship , he remembered , the red panther . 
 he was n't lightsong . 
 or he was , but he was a much smaller , pudgier version of himself . 
 a man accustomed to being a scribe . 
 to working long hours counting coins . 
 checking ledgers . 
 seeking for lost money . 
 that 's what he 'd done . 
 people hired him to discover where they 'd been cheated or if a contract had n't been paid properly . 
 his job was to look through the books , searching out hidden or confusing twists of arithmetic . 
 a detective . 
 just not the sort he had imagined . 
 waves crashed against the boat . 
 llarimar , looking a few years younger , yelled for help from the prow . 
 deckhands rushed to his aid . 
 it was n't llarimar 's ship , or even lightsong 's . 
 they had borrowed it for a simple pleasure trip . 
 sailing was a hobby of llarimar 's . 
 the storm had come on suddenly . 
 lightsong lurched back to his feet , barely managing to stay up as he made his way forward , clutching the railing . 
 waves surged across the deck , and sailors struggled to keep the boat from cap-sizing . 
 the sails were gone , only tattered shreds remaining . 
 wood creaked and cracked around him . 
 dark , black water churned in the ocean just to his right . 
 llarimar yelled to lightsong , asking him to lash down the barrels . 
 lightsong nodded , grabbing a rope and tying one end to a davit . 
 a wave hit , and he skidded , almost falling over the rail into the water . 
 he froze , gripping the rope , looking into the sea 's mad , terrifying depths . 
 he shook himself free , then tied the rope in a wide slipknot . 
 it came naturally to him . 
 llarimar had taken him on enough sailing trips now . 
 llarimar called for help again . 
 and , suddenly , a young woman left the cabin and ran across the deck , grabbing ropes as if to lend assistance . 
 `` tatara ! '' 
 a woman called from the cabin . 
 there was terror in her voice . 
 lightsong looked up . 
 he recognized the girl . 
 he reached out , rope looped in his hands . 
 he shouted for her to go back below , but his voice was lost in the thunder . 
 she turned to look at him . 
 the next wave tossed her into the ocean . 
 llarimar cried out in despair . 
 lightsong watched , shocked . 
 the deep blackness claimed his niece . 
 engulfed her . 
 swallowed her . 
 such great , horrible chaos . 
 the sea in a storm at night . 
 he felt useless , his heart thumping with fright as he watched the young woman get swept into the churning current . 
 he saw flashes of her golden hair twisting in the water . 
 a weak splash of color passing his side of the ship . 
 it would soon be gone . 
 men cursed . 
 llarimar screamed . 
 a woman wept . 
 lightsong just stared into the bubbling deep , with its alternating froth and blackness . 
 the terrible , terrible blackness . 
 he still held the rope in his hand . 
 without thinking , he leaped up onto the railing and threw himself into the darkness . 
 icy water took him , but he reached out , thrashing and churning in the tempest . 
 he barely knew how to swim . 
 something passed him . 
 he grabbed it . 
 her foot . 
 he threw the loop around her ankle , somehow managing to get the knot tight despite the water and the waves . 
 as soon as he did , a surge in the undulating water yanked him away . 
 sucking him down . 
 he reached upward , toward where lighting lit the surface . 
 that light grew distant as he sank . 
 down . 
 into the black deep . 
 claimed by the void . 
 he blinked , waves and thunder fading . 
 he sat on the cool stones of his cell . 
 the void had taken him , but something had sent him back . 
 he 'd returned . 
 because he 'd seen war and destruction . 
 the god king was yelling in fear . 
 lightsong looked over as the fake priests grabbed susebron , and lightsong could see into the god king 's mouth . 
 no tongue , lightsong thought . 
 of course . 
 to keep him from using all that biochroma . 
 it makes sense . 
 he turned to the side . 
 blushweaver 's body lay red and bloodied . 
 he 'd seen that it in a vision . 
 in the vague shadows of morning memory , he 'd thought that the image had been of her blushing , but now he remembered . 
 he looked to the side . 
 llarimar , eyes closed as if asleep-that image had been in his dream as well . 
 lightsong realized the man had them shut as he wept . 
 the god king in prison . 
 lightsong had seen that too . 
 but above it all , he remembered standing on the other side of a brilliant , colorful wave of light , looking down at the world from the other side . 
 and seeing everything he loved dissolve into the destruction of war . 
 a war greater than any the world had known , a war more deadly-even-than the manywar . 
 he remembered the other side . 
 and he remembered a voice , calm and comforting , offering him an opportunity . 
 to return . 
 by the colors ... lightsong thought , standing up as the priests forced the god king to his knees . 
 i am a god . 
 lightsong stepped forward , moving up to the bars of his cage . 
 he saw pain and tears in the god king 's face and somehow understood them . 
 the man did love siri . 
 lightsong had seen the same thing in the queen 's eyes . 
 she had somehow come to care for the man who was to oppress her . 
 `` you are my king , '' lightsong whispered . 
 `` and lord of the gods . '' 
 the pahn kahl men forced the god king facedown on the stones . 
 one of the priests raised a sword . 
 the god king 's arm jutted out , his hand toward lightsong . 
 i have seen the void , he thought . 
 and i came back . 
 and then lightsong reached through the bars and grasped the god king 's hand . 
 a fake priest looked up with alarm . 
 lightsong met the man 's eyes , then smiled broadly , looking down at the god king . 
 `` my life to yours , '' lightsong said . 
 `` my breath become yours . '' 
 <br/> `` you will stop ! '' 
 susebron said in a clear voice . 
 bluefingers froze , looking toward the god king in amazement . 
 the dagger slipped from his stunned fingers as an awakened carpet twisted around him , pulling him away from siri . 
 siri stood , dumbfounded . 
 susebron 's cloths lifted him up and over beside her , and a pair of small silken handkerchiefs reached forward , sliding around the ropes binding her hands , untying them with ease . 
 freed , she grabbed him and let him lift her into his arms , weeping . 
 58 the closet door opened , letting in lanternlight . 
 vivenna looked up , gagged and bound , at vasher 's silhouette . 
 he dragged nightblood behind him , covered-as usual-by his silver sheath . 
 looking very tired , vasher knelt and undid her gag . 
 `` about time , '' she noted . 
 he smiled wanly . 
 `` i do n't have any breath remaining , '' he said quietly . 
 `` it was very hard to locate you . '' 
 `` where did it all go ? '' 
 she asked as he undid the ropes on her hands . 
 `` nightblood devoured most of it . '' 
 i do n't believe him , nightblood said happily . 
 i ... ca n't really remember what happened . 
 but we did slay a lot of evil ! 
 `` you drew him ? '' 
 vivenna asked as vasher untied her feet . 
 vasher nodded . 
 vivenna rubbed her hands . 
 `` denth ? '' 
 `` dead , '' vasher said . 
 `` no sign of tonk fah or the woman , jewels . 
 i think they took their money and fled . '' 
 `` so it 's over . '' 
 vasher nodded , sliding down to seat himself , resting his head against the wall . 
 `` and we lost . '' 
 she frowned , grimacing at the pain of her wounded shoulder . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` denth was being employed by some of the pahn kahl scribes in the palace , '' vasher said . 
 `` they wanted to start a war between idris and hallandren in the hope that it would weaken both kingdoms and let pahn kahl gain independence . '' 
 `` so ? 
 denth is dead now . '' 
 `` so are the scribes who had the command phrases for the lifeless armies , '' vasher said . 
 `` and they already dispatched the troops . 
 the lifeless left the city over an hour ago , charging for idris . '' 
 vivenna fell silent . 
 `` all of this fighting , everything with denth , that was secondary , '' vasher said , knocking his head back against the wall . 
 `` it distracted us . 
 i could n't get to the lifeless in time . 
 the war has begun . 
 there 's no way to stop it . '' 
 <br/> they imprisoned the others , sending for the city guard to come in and start cleaning up the wreckage of the palace . 
 the breeze blew siri 's hair-red , to show her displeasure-as they stood atop the palace . 
 `` there , my lord ! '' 
 a guard said , pointing . 
 susebron turned , walking over to the edge of the palace . 
 most of his entourage of twisting cloths were no longer streaming about him , but they waited on his will in a pile on the rooftop . 
 siri joined him at the side of the palace , and in the distance , she could make out a smudge and what looked like smoke . 
 `` the lifeless army , '' the guard said . 
 `` our scouts have confirmed that it 's marching toward idris . 
 almost everyone in the city saw it pass out through the gates . '' 
 `` that smoke ? '' 
 siri asked . 
 `` dust of its passing , my lady , '' the guard said . 
 `` that 's a lot of soldiers . '' 
 she looked up at susebron . 
 he frowned . 
 `` i could stop them . '' 
 his voice was stronger than she had expected it to be . 
 deeper . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 the guard asked . 
 `` with this much breath , '' susebron said . 
 `` i could charge them , use these cloths to tie them up . '' 
 `` my lord , '' the guard said hesitantly . 
 `` there are forty thousand of them . 
 they would cut at the cloth , overwhelm you . '' 
 susebron seemed resolute . 
 `` i have to try . '' 
 `` no , '' siri said , laying a hand on his chest . 
 `` your people ... '' `` we 'll send messengers , '' she said , `` explaining our regret . 
 my people can withdraw , ambush the lifeless . 
 we can send troops to help . '' 
 `` we do n't have many , '' he said . 
 `` and they wo n't get there very quickly . 
 could your people really get away ? '' 
 no , she thought , heart wrenching . 
 you do n't know that , though , and you 're innocent enough to believe they can escape . 
 her people might survive as a whole , but many would die . 
 susebron getting himself killed fighting the creatures would n't be of much use , however . 
 he had amazing power , but fighting so many lifeless was well beyond the scope of whatever he could do . 
 he saw the look in her face , and surprisingly , he read it well . 
 `` you do n't believe that they can get away , '' he said . 
 `` you 're just trying to protect me . '' 
 surprising how well he understands me already . 
 `` my lord ! '' 
 a voice said from behind . 
 susebron turned , looking across the top of the palace . 
 they 'd come to the top partially to get a look at the lifeless , but also because both siri and susebron were tired of being closed in tight quarters . 
 they wanted to be in the open , where it would be harder to sneak up on them . 
 a guard came out of the stairwell , then walked over , hand on sword . 
 he bowed . 
 `` my lord . 
 there 's someone here to see you . '' 
 `` i do n't want to see anyone , '' susebron said . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 amazing how well he can speak , she thought . 
 never having had a tongue . 
 what did lightsong 's breath do ? 
 it healed more than his body . 
 it gave him the capacity to use the regrown tongue . 
 `` my lord , '' the guard said . 
 `` the visitor-she has the royal locks ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 siri asked with surprise . 
 the guard turned , and-shockingly-vivenna stepped up onto the roof of the palace . 
 or siri thought it was vivenna . 
 she wore trousers and a tunic , with a sword tied at her waist , and she appeared to have a bloody wound on one shoulder . 
 she saw siri , and smiled , her hair turning yellow with joy . 
 vivenna 's hair changing ? 
 siri thought . 
 it ca n't be her . 
 but it was . 
 the woman laughed , dashing across the top of the roof . 
 some guards stopped her , but siri waved for them to let the woman pass . 
 she ran over , embracing siri . 
 `` vivenna ? '' 
 the woman smiled ruefully . 
 `` yes , mostly , '' she said . 
 she glanced at susebron . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' vivenna said quietly . 
 `` i came to the city to try rescuing you . '' 
 `` that was very kind of you , '' siri said . 
 `` but i do n't need rescuing . '' 
 vivenna frowned more deeply . 
 `` and who is this , siri ? '' 
 susebron asked . 
 `` my eldest sister . '' 
 `` ah , '' susebron said , bowing his head cordially . 
 `` siri has told me much about you , princess vivenna . 
 i wish we could have met under better circumstances . '' 
 vivenna stared at the man with shock . 
 `` he 's not really as bad as they say , '' siri said , smiling . 
 `` most of the time . '' 
 `` that is sarcasm , '' susebron said . 
 `` she is quite fond of it . '' 
 vivenna turned from the god king . 
 `` our homeland is under attack . '' 
 `` i know , '' siri said . 
 `` we 're working on that . 
 i 'm preparing messengers to send to father . '' 
 `` i have a better way , '' vivenna said . 
 `` but you 'll have to trust me . '' 
 `` of course , '' siri said . 
 `` i have a friend who needs to speak with the god king , '' vivenna said . 
 `` where he ca n't be overheard by guards . '' 
 siri hesitated . 
 silly , she thought . 
 this is vivenna . 
 i can trust her . 
 she 'd thought she could trust bluefingers too . 
 vivenna regarded her with a curious expression . 
 `` if this can help save idris , '' susebron said , `` then i will do it . 
 who is this person ? '' 
 <br/> colors ! 
 she thought . 
 `` there are some thousand original d'denir in the city , '' vasher said , `` and most of them should still function , even still . 
 i created them to last . '' 
 `` but they have no ichor-alcohol , '' vivenna said . 
 `` they do n't even have veins ! '' 
 vasher looked at her . 
 it was him . 
 the same look to the face , the same expressions . 
 he had n't changed shape to look like someone else . 
 he just looked like a returned version of himself . 
 what was going on ? 
 `` we did n't always have ichor-alcohol , '' vasher said . 
 `` it makes the awakening easier and cheaper , but it is n't the only way . 
 and , in the minds of many , i believe it has become a crutch . '' 
 he glanced at the god king again . 
 `` you should be able to imprint them quickly with a new security phrase , then order them out to stop the other army . 
 i think you 'll find the phantoms of mine to be ... very effective . 
 weapons are virtually useless against the stone . '' 
 susebron nodded again . 
 `` they are your responsibility now , '' vasher said , turning away . 
 `` do better with them than i did . '' 
 epilogue the next day , an army of a thousand stone soldiers charged from the gates of the city , running down the highway after the lifeless who had left the day before . 
 vivenna stood outside the city , leaning against the wall , watching them go . 
 how often did i stand under the gaze of those d'denir , she thought . 
 never knowing they were alive , just waiting to be commanded again ? 
 everyone said that peacegiver had left the statues behind as a gift to the people , a symbol to remind them not to go to war . 
 she 'd always found it strange . 
 a bunch of statues of soldiers , a gift to remind the people that war was terrible ? 
 and yet , they were a gift . 
 the gift that had ended the manywar . 
 she turned toward vasher . 
 he , too , leaned against the city wall , nightblood in one hand . 
 his body had reverted to its mortal form , scraggly hair and all . 
 `` what was that first thing you taught me about awakening ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that we do n't know much ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` that there are hundreds , perhaps thousands , of commands that we have n't discovered yet ? '' 
 `` that 's the one , '' she said , turning to watch the awakened statues charge into the distance . 
 `` i think you were right . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` will they really be able to stop the other army ? '' 
 `` probably , '' vasher said , shrugging . 
 `` they 'll be fast enough to catch up-the flesh lifeless wo n't be able to march as quickly as ones with stone feet . 
 i 've seen those things fight before . 
 they 're really tough to beat . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` so my people will be safe . '' 
 `` unless that god king decides to use the lifeless statues to conquer them . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` has anyone ever told you that you 're a grump , vasher ? '' 
 finally , nightblood said . 
 someone agrees with me ! 
 vasher scowled . 
 `` i 'm not a grump , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm just bad with words . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` well , that 's it , then , '' he said , picking up his pack . 
 `` see you around . '' 
 with that , he began to walk along the path away from the city . 
 vivenna walked up next to him . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` going with you , '' she said . 
 `` you 're a princess , '' he said . 
 `` stay with that girl who rules hallandren or go back to idris and be proclaimed as the her ** ne who saved them . 
 either way will give you a happy life . '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 even if my father did take me back , i doubt that i 'll ever be able to live a happy life in either a plush palace or a quiet town . '' 
 `` you 'll think differently , after a little time on the road . 
 it 's a difficult life . '' 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 `` but ... well , everything i 've been-everything i was trained to do-has been a lie wrapped in hatred . 
 i do n't want to go back to it . 
 i 'm not that person . 
 i do n't want to be . '' 
 `` who are you , then ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said , nodding toward the horizon . 
 `` but i think i 'll find the answer out there . '' 
 they walked for another short time . 
 `` your family will worry about you , '' vasher finally said . 
 `` they 'll get over it , '' she replied . 
 finally , he just shrugged . 
 `` all right . 
 i do n't really care . '' 
 she smiled . 
 it 's true , she thought . 
 i do n't want to go back . 
 princess vivenna was dead . 
 she 'd died on the streets of t'telir . 
 vivenna the awakener had no desire to bring her back . 
 `` so , '' she asked as they walked along the jungle road , `` i ca n't figure it out . 
 which one are you ? 
 kalad , who started the war , or peacegiver , who ended it ? '' 
 he did n't answer immediately . 
 `` it 's odd , '' he finally said , `` what history does to a man . 
 i guess people could n't understand why i suddenly changed . 
 why i stopped fighting , and why i brought the phantoms back to seize control of my own kingdom . 
 so they decided i must have been two people . 
 a man can get confused about his identity when things like that happen . '' 
 she grunted in assent . 
 `` you 're still returned , though . '' 
 `` of course i am , '' he said . 
 `` where did you get the breath ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the one a week you need to survive ? '' 
 `` i carried them with me , on top of the one that makes me returned . 
 in a lot of ways , returned are n't quite what people think they are . 
 they do n't automatically have hundreds or thousands of breath . '' 
 `` but - '' `` they 're of the fifth heightening , '' vasher said , interrupting her . 
 `` but they do n't get there by the number of breaths , but by the quality . 
 returned have a single , powerful breath . 
 one that takes them all the way to the fifth heightening . 
 it 's a divine breath , you might say . 
 but their body feeds on breath , like ... '' `` the sword . '' 
 vasher nodded . 
 `` nightblood only needs it when he 's drawn . 
 returned feed off their breath once a week . 
 so if you do n't give them one , they essentially eat themselves-devouring their one , single breath . 
 killing them . 
 however , if you give them extra breath , on top of their single divine one , they 'll feed off those each week . '' 
 `` so the hallandren gods could be fed more than one , '' vivenna said . 
 `` they could have a stock of breaths , a buffer to keep them alive if one could n't be provided . '' 
 vasher nodded . 
 `` would n't make them as dependent on their religion to care for them , though . '' 
 `` that 's a cynical way of looking at it . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` so you 're going to burn up a breath every week , '' she said . 
 `` reducing our stock ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i used to have thousands of breath . 
 i ate all of those . '' 
 `` thousands ? 
 but it would take you years and years to ... '' she trailed off . 
 he 'd been alive for over three hundred years . 
 if he absorbed fifty breaths a year , that was thousands of breaths . 
 `` you 're an expensive guy to keep around , '' she noted . 
 `` how do you keep yourself from looking like a returned ? 
 and why do n't you die when you give away your breaths ? '' 
 `` those are my secrets , '' he said , not looking at her . 
 `` though you should have figured out that returned can change their forms . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you 've got returned blood in you , '' he said . 
 `` the royal line . 
 where do you think that ability to change your hair color comes from ? '' 
 `` does that mean i can change more than just my hair ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' he said . 
 `` takes time to learn . 
 go stroll around the hallandren court of gods sometime , though . 
 you 'll find that the gods look exactly as they think they should . 
 the old ones look old , the heroic ones become strong , the ones who think a beautiful goddess should be well endowed become unnaturally voluptuous . 
 it 's all about how they perceive themselves . '' 
 and this is how you perceive yourself , vasher ? 
 she thought , curious . 
 as the scraggly man , rough and unkempt ? 
 she said nothing of that ; she just walked on , her life sense letting her feel the jungle around them . 
 they 'd recovered vasher 's cloak , shirt , and trousers-the ones that denth had originally taken from him . 
 there had been enough breath in those to split between the two of them and get them each to the second heightening . 
 it was n't as much as she was used to , but it was a fair bit better than nothing . 
 `` so where are we going , anyway ? '' 
 `` ever heard of kuth and huth ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` sure , '' she said . 
 `` they were your main rivals in the manywar . '' 
 `` somebody 's trying to restore them , '' he said . 
 `` a tyrant of some kind . 
 he 's apparently recruited an old friend of mine . '' 
 `` another one ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` there were five of us . 
 me , denth , shashara , arsteel , and yesteel . 
 it looks like yesteel has resurfaced , finally . '' 
 `` he 's related to arsteel ? '' 
 vivenna guessed . 
 `` brothers . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 `` i know . 
 he 's the one who originally figured out how to make ichor-alcohol . 
 i hear rumors that he 's got a new form of it . 
 more potent . '' 
 `` even better . '' 
 they walked in silence for a time longer . 
 i 'm bored , nightblood said . 
 pay attention to me . 
 why does n't anyone ever talk to me ? 
 `` because you 're annoying , '' vasher snapped . 
 the sword huffed . 
 `` what 's your real name ? '' 
 vivenna finally asked . 
 `` my real name ? '' 
 vasher asked . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` everyone calls you things . 
 peacegiver . 
 kalad . 
 vasher . 
 talaxin . 
 is that last one your real name , the name of the scholar ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` well , what is it , then ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't remember the time before i returned . '' 
 `` oh , '' she said . 
 `` when i came back , however , i did get a name , '' he finally said . 
 `` the cult of returned-those who eventually founded the hallandren iridescent tones-found me and kept me alive with breaths . 
 they gave me a name . 
 i did n't like it much . 
 did n't seem to fit me . '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 `` warbreaker the peaceful , '' he finally admitted . 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` what i ca n't figure out , '' he said , `` is whether that was truly prophetic , or if i 'm just trying to live up to it . '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he walked for a time in silence . 
 `` no , '' he finally said . 
 `` no , i guess it does n't . 
 i just wish i knew if there is really something spiritual about the returns , or if it 's all just cosmic happenstance . '' 
 `` probably not for us to know . '' 
 `` probably , '' he agreed . 
 silence . 
 `` should have called you wartlover the ugly , '' she finally said . 
 `` very mature , '' he replied . 
 `` you really think those sorts of comments are proper for a princess ? '' 
 she smiled broadly . 
 `` i do n't care , '' she said . 
 `` and i never have to again . '' 
