 foreword in november 2007 , i received a phone call that would change my life forever . 
 harriet mcdougal , wife and editor of the late robert jordan , called to ask me if i would complete the last book of the wheel of time . 
 for those who did not know mr. jordan had passed away , it pains me to be the one to break the news . 
 i remember how i felt when-while idly browsing the internet on september 16 , 2007-i discovered that he had died . 
 i was shocked , stunned , and disheartened . 
 this wonderful man , a hero to me in my writing career , was gone . 
 the world suddenly became a different place . 
 i first picked up the eye of the world in 1990 , when i was a teenage fantasy addict visiting my corner bookstore . 
 i became a fan instantly and eagerly awaited the great hunt . 
 over the years , i 've read the books numerous times , often re-reading the entire series when a new book was released . 
 time passed , and i decided i wanted to become a fantasy author-influenced , in large part , by how much i loved the wheel of time . 
 and yet , never did i think that i would one day get that phone call from harriet . 
 it came to me as a complete surprise . 
 i had not asked , applied , or dared wish for this opportunity-though when the request was made , my answer was immediate . 
 i love this series as i have loved none other , and the characters feel like old , dear friends from my childhood . 
 i can not replace robert jordan . 
 nobody could write this book as well as he could have . 
 that is a simple fact . 
 fortunately , he left many notes , outlines , completed scenes , and dictated explanations with his wife and assistants . 
 before his passing , he asked harriet to find someone to complete the series for his fans . 
 he loved you all very much and spent the very last weeks of his life dictating events for the final volume . 
 it was to be called a memory of light . 
 eighteen months later , we are here . 
 mr. jordan promised that the final book would be big . 
 but the manuscript soon grew prohibitively huge ; it would be three times the size of a regular wheel of time book , and the decision was made by harriet and tor to split a memory of light into thirds . 
 there were several excellent breaking points that would give a full and complete story in each third . 
 you may think of the gathering storm and its two followers as the three volumes of a memory of light or as the final three books of the wheel of time . 
 both are correct . 
 as of this writing , i am halfway done with the second third . 
 we are working as quickly as is reasonable , and we do n't want you to have to wait too long to get the ending we were all promised nearly twenty years ago . 
 -lrb- mr. jordan did write this ending himself before he passed away , and i have read it . 
 and it is fantastic . -rrb- 
 i have not tried to imitate mr. jordan 's style . 
 instead , i 've adapted my style to be appropriate to the wheel of time . 
 my main goal was to stay true to the souls of the characters . 
 the plot is , in large part , robert jordan 's , though many of the words are mine . 
 imagine this book as the product of a new director working on some of the scenes of a movie while retaining the same actors and script . 
 but this is a big project , and it will take time to complete . 
 i beg your patience as we spend these next few years perfecting this story . 
 we hold in our hands the ending of the greatest fantasy epic of our time , and i intend to see it done right . 
 i intend to remain true to mr. jordan 's wishes and notes . 
 my artistic integrity , and love for the books , will not let me do anything less . 
 in the end , i let the words herein stand as the best argument for what we are doing . 
 this is not my book . 
 it is robert jordan 's book , and to a lesser extent , it is your book . 
 thank you for reading . 
 brandon sanderson june 2009 for maria simons and alan romanczuk , without whom this book would n't have been possible ravens and crows . 
 rats . 
 mists and clouds . 
 insects and corruption . 
 strange events and odd occurrences . 
 the ordinary twisted and strange . 
 wonders ! 
 the dead are beginning to walk , and some see them . 
 others do not , but more and more , we all fear the night . 
 these have been our days . 
 they rain upon us beneath a dead sky , crushing us with their fury , until as one we beg : `` let it begin ! '' 
 - journal of the unknown scholar , entry for the feast of freia , 1000 ne prologue what the storm means renald fanwar sat on his porch , warming the sturdy blackoak chair crafted for him by his grandson two years before . 
 he stared northward . 
 at the black and silver clouds . 
 he 'd never seen their like before . 
 they blanketed the entire horizon to the north , high in the sky . 
 they were n't gray . 
 they were black and silver . 
 dark , rumbling thunderheads , as dark as a root cellar at midnight . 
 with striking silver light breaking between them , flashes of lightning that gave off no sound . 
 the air was thick . 
 thick with the scents of dust and dirt . 
 of dried leaves and rain that refused to fall . 
 spring had come . 
 and yet his crops did n't grow . 
 not a sprout had dared poke through the earth . 
 he rose slowly from his chair , wood creaking , chair rocking softly behind him , and walked up to the edge of the porch . 
 he chewed on his pipe , though its fire had gone out . 
 he could n't be bothered to relight it . 
 those clouds transfixed him . 
 they were so black . 
 like the smoke of a brushfire , only no brushfire smoke ever rose that high up in the air . 
 and what to make of silver clouds ? 
 bulging between the black ones , like places where polished steel shone through metal crusted with soot . 
 he rubbed his chin , glancing down at his yard . 
 a small , whitewashed fence contained a patch of grass and shrubs . 
 the shrubs were dead now , every one of them . 
 had n't lasted through that winter . 
 he 'd need to pull them out soon . 
 and the grass ... well , the grass was still just winter thatch . 
 not even any weeds sprouted . 
 a clap of thunder shook him . 
 pure , sharp , like an enormous crash of metal against metal . 
 it rattled the windows of the house , shook the porch boards , seemed to vibrate his very bones . 
 he jumped back . 
 that strike had been close-perhaps on his property . 
 he itched to go inspect the damage . 
 lightning fire could destroy a man , burn him out of his land . 
 up here in the borderlands , so many things were unintentional tinder-dry grass , dry shingles , dry seed . 
 but the clouds were still distant . 
 that strike could n't have been on his property . 
 the silver and black thunderheads rolled and boiled , feeding and consuming themselves . 
 he closed his eyes , calming himself , taking a deep breath . 
 had he imagined the thunder ? 
 was he going off the side , as gaffin always joked ? 
 he opened his eyes . 
 and the clouds were right there , directly above his house . 
 it was as if they had suddenly rolled forward , intending to strike while his gaze was averted . 
 they dominated the sky now , sweeping distantly in either direction , massive and overwhelming . 
 he could almost feel their weight pressing the air down around him . 
 he drew in a breath that was heavy with sudden humidity , and his brow prickled with sweat . 
 those clouds churned , dark black and silver thunderheads shaking with white blasts . 
 they suddenly boiled downward , like the funnel cloud of a twister , coming for him . 
 he cried out , raising a hand , as a man might before a powerfully bright light . 
 that blackness . 
 that endless , suffocating blackness . 
 it would take him . 
 he knew . 
 and then the clouds were gone . 
 his pipe hit the porch 's floorboards , clicking softly , tossing burned tabac out in a spray across the steps . 
 he had n't realized he 'd let it slip free . 
 renald hesitated , looking up at empty blue sky , realizing that he was cringing at nothing . 
 the clouds were off on the horizon again , some forty leagues distant . 
 they thundered softly . 
 he picked up his pipe with a shaking hand , spotted from age , tanned from years spent in the sun . 
 just a trick of your mind , renald , he told himself . 
 you 're going off the side , sure as eggs is eggs . 
 he was on edge because of the crops . 
 that had him on edge . 
 though he spoke optimistic words for the lads , it just was n't natural . 
 something should have sprouted by now . 
 he 'd farmed that land for forty years ! 
 barley did n't take this long to sprout . 
 burn him , but it did n't . 
 what was going on in the world these days ? 
 plants could n't be depended on to sprout , and clouds did n't stay where they should . 
 he forced himself to sit back down in his chair , legs shaking . 
 getting old , i am . 
 ... he thought . 
 he 'd worked a farm all of his life . 
 farmsteading in the borderlands was not easy , but if you worked hard , you could grow a successful life while you grew strong crops . 
 `` a man has as much luck as he has seeds in the field , '' his father had always said . 
 well , renald was one of the most successful farmers in the area . 
 he 'd done well enough to buy out the two farms beside his , and he could run thirty wagons to market each fall . 
 he now had six good men working for him , plowing the fields , riding the fences . 
 not that he did n't have to climb down in the muck every day and show them what good farming was all about . 
 you could n't let a little success ruin you . 
 yes , he 'd worked the land , lived the land , as his father always used to say . 
 he understood the weather as well as a man could . 
 those clouds were n't natural . 
 they rumbled softly , like an animal growling on a dark night . 
 waiting . 
 lurking in the nearby woods . 
 he jumped at another crash of thunder that seemed too close . 
 were those clouds forty leagues away ? 
 is that what he 'd thought ? 
 looked more like ten leagues away , now that he studied them . 
 `` do n't get like that , '' he grumbled at himself . 
 his own voice sounded good to him . 
 real . 
 it was nice to hear something other than that rumbling and the occasional creak of shutters in the wind . 
 should n't he be able to hear auaine inside , getting supper ready ? 
 `` you 're tired . 
 that 's it . 
 tired . '' 
 he fished in his vest pocket and pulled out his tabac pouch . 
 a faint rumbling came from the right . 
 at first , he assumed it was the thunder . 
 however , this rumbling was too grating , too regular . 
 that was n't thunder . 
 it was wheels turning . 
 sure enough , a large , oxen-drawn wagon crested mallard 's hill , just to the east . 
 renald had named that hill himself . 
 every good hill needed a name . 
 the road was mallard 's road . 
 so why not name the hill that too ? 
 he leaned forward in his chair , pointedly ignoring those clouds as he squinted toward the wagon , trying to make out the driver 's face . 
 thulin ? 
 the smith ? 
 what was he doing , driving a wagon laden halfway to the heavens ? 
 he was supposed to be working on renald 's new plow ! 
 lean for one of his trade , thulin was still twice as muscled as most farmhands . 
 he had the dark hair and tan skin of a shienaran , and kept his face shaved after their fashion , but he did not wear the topknot . 
 thulin 's family might trace its roots back to borderland warriors , but he himself was just a simple country man like the rest of them . 
 he ran the smithy over in oak water , five miles to the east . 
 renald had enjoyed many a game of stones with the smith during winter evenings . 
 thulin was getting on-he had n't seen as many years as renald , but the last few winters had prompted thulin to start speaking of retirement . 
 smithing was n't an old man 's trade . 
 of course , neither was farming . 
 were there really any old man 's trades ? 
 thulin 's wagon approached along the packed earthen road , approaching renald 's white-fenced yard . 
 now , that 's odd , renald thought . 
 behind the wagon trailed a neat string of animals : five goats and two milkcows . 
 crates of black-feathered chickens were tied on the outside of the wagon , and the bed of the wagon itself was piled full of furniture , sacks and barrels . 
 thulin 's youthful daughter , mirala , sat on the seat with him , next to his wife , a golden-haired woman from the south . 
 twenty-five years thulin 's wife , but renald still thought of gallanha as `` that southern girl . '' 
 the whole family was in the wagon , leading their best livestock . 
 obviously on the move . 
 but where ? 
 off to visit relatives , perhaps ? 
 he and thulin had n't played a round of stones in ... oh , three weeks now . 
 not much time for visiting , what with the coming of spring and the hurried planting . 
 someone would need to mend the plows and sharpen the scythes . 
 who would do it if thulin 's smithy went cold ? 
 renald tucked a pinch of tabac into his pipe as thulin pulled the wagon up beside renald 's yard . 
 the lean , gray-haired smith handed the reins to his daughter , then climbed down from the wagon , feet throwing puffs of dust into the air when he hit the ground . 
 behind him the distant storm still brewed . 
 thulin pushed open the fence gate , then strode up to the porch . 
 he looked distracted . 
 renald opened his mouth to give greeting , but thulin spoke first . 
 `` i buried my best anvil in gallanha 's old strawberry patch , renald , '' the big smith said . 
 `` you remember where that is , do n't you ? 
 i packed my best set of tools there as well . 
 they 're well greased and inside my best chest , lined to keep it dry . 
 that should keep the rust off of them . 
 for a time at least . '' 
 renald closed his mouth , holding his pipe half-full . 
 if thulin was burying his anvil ... well , it meant he was n't planning to come back for a while . 
 `` thulin , what - '' `` if i do n't return , '' thulin said , glancing northward , `` would you dig my things out and see that they 're cared for ? 
 sell them to someone who cares , renald . 
 i would n't have just anyone beating that anvil . 
 took me twenty years to gather those tools , you know . '' 
 `` but thulin ! '' 
 renald sputtered . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 thulin turned back to him , leaning one arm on the porch railing , those brown eyes of his solemn . 
 `` there 's a storm coming , '' he said . 
 `` and so i figure i 've got to head on to the north . '' 
 `` storm ? '' 
 renald asked . 
 `` that one on the horizon , you mean ? 
 thulin , it looks bad-burn my bones , but it does-but there 's no use running from it . 
 we 've had bad storms before . '' 
 `` not like this , old friend , '' thulin said . 
 `` this ai n't the sort of storm you ignore . '' 
 `` thulin ? '' 
 renald asked . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 before he could answer , gallanha called from the wagon box . 
 `` did you tell him about the pots ? '' 
 `` ah , '' thulin said . 
 `` gallanha polished up that set of copper-bottom pots that your wife always liked . 
 they 're sitting on the kitchen table , waiting for auaine , if she wants to go claim them . '' 
 with that , thulin nodded to renald and began to walk back toward the wagon . 
 renald sat , stupefied . 
 thulin always had been a blunt one ; he favored saying his mind , then moving on . 
 that was part of what renald liked about him . 
 but the smith could also pass through a conversation like a boulder rolling through a flock of sheep , leaving everyone dazed . 
 renald scrambled up , leaving his pipe on the chair and following thulin down into the yard and to the wagon . 
 burn it , renald thought , glancing to the sides , noticing the brown grass and dead shrubs again . 
 he 'd worked hard on that yard . 
 the smith was checking on the chicken crates tied to the sides of his vehicle . 
 renald caught up to him , reaching out a hand , but gallanha distracted him . 
 `` here , renald , '' she said from the wagon box . 
 `` take these . '' 
 she held out a basket of eggs , one lock of golden hair straying from her bun . 
 renald reached over to take the basket . 
 `` give these to auaine . 
 i know you 're short on chickens on account of those foxes last fall . '' 
 renald took the basket of eggs . 
 some were white , some were brown . 
 `` yes , but where are you going , gallanha ? '' 
 `` north , my friend , '' thulin said . 
 he walked past , laying a hand on renald 's shoulder . 
 `` there will be an army gathering , i figure . 
 they 'll need smiths . '' 
 `` please , '' renald said , gesturing with the basket of eggs . 
 `` at least take a few minutes . 
 auaine just put some bread in , one of those thick honey loaves that you like . 
 we can discuss this over a game of stones . '' 
 thulin hesitated . 
 `` we 'd better be on the move , '' gallanha said softly . 
 `` that storm is coming . '' 
 thulin nodded , then climbed up into the wagon . 
 `` you might want to come north too , renald . 
 if you do , bring everything you can . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` you 're good enough with the tools you have here to do some small metalwork , so take your best scythes and turn them into polearms . 
 your two best scythes ; now do n't go skimping around with anything that 's a second best or a third best . 
 get your best , because it 's the weapon you 're going to use . '' 
 renald frowned . 
 `` how do you know that there will be an army ? 
 thulin , burn me , i 'm no soldier ! '' 
 thulin continued as if he had n't heard the comments . 
 `` with a polearm you can pull somebody off of a horse and stab them . 
 and , as i think about it , maybe you can take the third best and make yourself a couple of swords . '' 
 `` what do i know about making a sword ? 
 or about using a sword , for that matter ? '' 
 `` you can learn , '' thulin said , turning north . 
 `` everyone will be needed , renald . 
 everyone . 
 they 're coming for us . '' 
 he glanced back at renald . 
 `` a sword really is n't all that tough to make . 
 you take a scythe blade and straighten it out , then you find yourself a piece of wood to act as a guard , to keep the enemy 's blade from sliding down and cutting your hand . 
 mostly you 'll just be using things that you 've already got . '' 
 renald blinked . 
 he stopped asking questions , but he could n't stop thinking them . 
 they bunched up inside his brain like cattle all trying to force their way through a single gate . 
 `` bring all your stock , renald , '' thulin said . 
 `` you 'll eat them-or your men will eat them-and you 'll want the milk . 
 and if you do n't , then there 'll be men you can trade with for beef or mutton . 
 food will be scarce , what with everything spoiling so much and the winter stores having run low . 
 bring everything you 've got . 
 dried beans , dried fruit , everything . '' 
 renald leaned back against the gate to his yard . 
 he felt weak and limp . 
 finally , he forced out just one question . 
 `` why ? '' 
 thulin hesitated , then stepped away from the wagon , laying a hand on renald 's shoulder again . 
 `` i 'm sorry to be so abrupt . 
 i ... well , you know how i am with words , renald . 
 i do n't know what that storm is . 
 but i know what it means . 
 i 've never held a sword , but my father fought in the aiel war . 
 i 'm a borderlander . 
 and that storm means the end is coming , renald . 
 we need to be there when it arrives . '' 
 he stopped , then turned and looked to the north , watching those building clouds as a farmhand might watch a poisonous snake he found in the middle of the field . 
 `` light preserve us , my friend . 
 we need to be there . '' 
 and with that , he removed his hand and climbed back into the wagon . 
 renald watched them ease off , nudging the oxen into motion , heading north . 
 renald watched for a long time , feeling numb . 
 the distant thunder cracked , like the sound of a whip , smacking against the hills . 
 the door to the farmhouse opened and shut . 
 auaine came out to him , gray hair in a bun . 
 it had been that color for years now ; she 'd grayed early , and renald had always been fond of the color . 
 silver , more than gray . 
 like the clouds . 
 `` was that thulin ? '' 
 auaine asked , watching the distant wagon throw up dust . 
 a single black chicken feather blew across the roadway . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and he did n't stay , even to chat ? '' 
 renald shook his head . 
 `` oh , but gallanha sent eggs ! '' 
 she took the basket and began to transfer the eggs into her apron to carry them inside . 
 `` she 's such a dear . 
 leave the basket there on the ground ; i 'm sure she 'll send someone for it . '' 
 renald just stared northward . 
 `` renald ? '' 
 auaine asked . 
 `` what 's gotten into you , you old stump ? '' 
 `` she polished up her pots for you , '' he said . 
 `` the ones with the copper bottoms . 
 they 're sitting on her kitchen table . 
 they 're yours if you want them . '' 
 auaine fell silent . 
 then he heard a sharp sound of cracking , and he looked over his shoulder . 
 she had let her apron grow slack , and the eggs were slipping free , plopping to the ground and cracking . 
 in a very calm voice , auaine asked , `` did she say anything else ? '' 
 he scratched his head , which had n't much hair left to speak of . 
 `` she said the storm was coming and they had to head north . 
 thulin said we should go too . '' 
 they stood for another moment . 
 auaine pulled up the edge of her apron , preserving the majority of the eggs . 
 she did n't spare a glance for those that had fallen . 
 she was just staring northward . 
 renald turned . 
 the storm had jumped forward again . 
 and it seemed to have grown darker somehow . 
 `` i think we ought to listen to them , renald , '' auaine said . 
 `` i 'll ... i 'll go fix up what we 'll need to bring with us from the house . 
 you can go around back and gather the men . 
 did they say how long we 'll be gone ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` they did n't even really say why . 
 just that we need to go north for the storm . 
 and ... that this is the end . '' 
 auaine inhaled sharply . 
 `` well , you just get the men ready . 
 i 'll take care of the house . '' 
 she bustled inside , and renald forced himself to turn away from the storm . 
 he rounded the house and entered the barnyard , calling the farmhands together . 
 they were a stout lot , good men , all of them . 
 his own sons had sought their fortunes elsewhere , but his six workers were nearly as close to him as sons . 
 merk , favidan , rinnin , veshir and adamad gathered round . 
 still feeling dazed , renald sent two to gather up the animals , two more to pack what grain and provisions they had left from the winter and the final man off to fetch geleni , who had gone into the village for some new seed , just in case the planting had gone bad on account of their stores . 
 the five men scattered . 
 renald stood in the farmyard for a moment , then went into the barn to fetch his lightweight forge and pull it out into the sunlight . 
 it was n't just an anvil , but a full , compact forge , made for moving . 
 he had it on rollers ; you could n't work a forge in a barn . 
 all that dust could take fire . 
 he heaved the handles , wheeling it out to the alcove set off to the side of the yard , built from good bricks , where he could do minor repairs when he needed to . 
 an hour later , he had the fire stoked . 
 he was n't as skilled as thulin , but he 'd learned from his father that being able to handle a little of your own forgework made a big difference . 
 sometimes , you could n't squander the hours it would take to go to town and back just to fix a broken hinge . 
 the clouds were still there . 
 he tried not to look at them as he left the forge and headed into the barn . 
 those clouds were like eyes , peeping over his shoulder . 
 inside the barn , light sprinkled down through cracks in the wall , falling on dust and hay . 
 he 'd built the structure himself some twenty-five years back . 
 he kept planning to replace some of those warped roofing planks , but now there would n't be time . 
 at the tool wall , he reached for his third-best scythe , but stopped . 
 taking a deep breath , he took the best scythe off the wall instead . 
 he walked back out to the forge and knocked the haft off the scythe . 
 as he tossed the wood aside , veshir-eldest of his farmhands - approached , pulling a pair of goats . 
 when veshir saw the scythe blade on the forge , his expression grew dark . 
 he tied the goats to a post , then trotted over to renald , but said nothing . 
 how to make a polearm ? 
 thulin had said they were good for yanking a man off his horse . 
 well , he would have to replace the snath with a longer straight shaft of ashwood . 
 the flanged end of the shaft would extend beyond the heel of the blade , shaped into a crude spearpoint and clad with a piece of tin for strength . 
 and then he would have to heat the blade and bang off the toe about halfway , making a hook that could tug a man off his horse and maybe cut him at the same time . 
 he slid the blade into the burning coals to heat it , then began to tie on his apron . 
 veshir stood there for a minute or so , watching . 
 finally , he stepped up , taking renald by the arm . 
 `` renald , what are we doing ? '' 
 renald shook his arm free . 
 `` we 're going north . 
 the storm is coming and we 're going north . '' 
 `` we 're going north for just a storm ? 
 it 's insanity ! '' 
 it was nearly the same thing renald had said to thulin . 
 distant thunder sounded . 
 thulin was right . 
 the crops ... the skies ... the food going bad without warning . 
 even before he 'd spoken to thulin , renald had known . 
 deep within , he 'd known . 
 this storm would not pass overhead then vanish . 
 it had to be confronted . 
 `` veshir , '' renald said , turning back to his work , `` you 've been a hand on this farm for ... what , fifteen years now ? 
 you 're the first man i hired . 
 how well have i treated you and yours ? '' 
 `` you 've done me well , '' veshir said . 
 `` but burn me , renald , you 've never decided to leave the farm before ! 
 these crops , they 'll wither to dust if we leave them . 
 this ai n't no southerner wetfarm . 
 how can we just go off ? '' 
 `` because , '' renald said , `` if we do n't leave , then it wo n't matter if we planted or not . '' 
 veshir frowned . 
 `` son , '' renald said , `` you 'll do as i say , and that 's all we 'll have of it . 
 go finish gathering the stock . '' 
 veshir stalked away , but he did as he was told . 
 he was a good man , if hotheaded . 
 renald pulled the blade out of the heat , the metal glowing white . 
 he laid it against the small anvil and began to beat on the knobby section where heel met beard , flattening it . 
 the sound of his hammer on the metal seemed louder than it should have been . 
 it rang like the pealing thunder , and the sounds blended . 
 as if each beat of his hammer was itself a piece of the storm . 
 as he worked , the peals seemed to form words . 
 like somebody muttering in the back of his head . 
 the same phrase over and over . 
 the storm is coming . 
 the storm is coming ... . 
 he kept on pounding , keeping the edge on the scythe , but straightening the blade and making a hook at the end . 
 he still did n't know why . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 the storm was coming and he had to be ready . 
 watching the bowlegged soldiers tie tanera 's blanket-wrapped body across a saddle , falendre fought the desire to begin weeping again , the desire to vomit . 
 she was senior , and had to maintain some composure if she expected the four other surviving sul ` dam to do so . 
 she tried to tell herself she had seen worse , battles where more than a single sul ` dam had died , more than one damane . 
 that brought her too near thinking of exactly how tanera and her miri met their deaths , though , and her mind shied from it . 
 huddling by her side , nenci whimpered as falendre stroked the damane 's head and tried to send soothing feelings through the a ` dam . 
 that often seemed to work , but not so well today . 
 her own emotions were too roiled . 
 if only she could forget that the damane was shielded , and by whom . 
 by what . 
 nenci whimpered again . 
 `` you will deliver the message as i directed you ? '' 
 a man said behind her . 
 no , not just any man . 
 the sound of his voice stirred the pool of acid in her belly . 
 she made herself turn to face him , made herself meet those cold , hard eyes . 
 they changed with the angle of his head , now blue , now gray , but always like polished gemstones . 
 she had known many hard men , but had she ever known one hard enough to lose a hand and moments later take it as if he had lost a glove ? 
 she bowed formally , twitching the a ` dam so that nenci did the same . 
 so far they had been treated well for prisoners under the circumstances , even to being given washwater , and supposedly they would not remain prisoners much longer . 
 yet with this man , who could say what might make that change ? 
 the promise of freedom might be part of some scheme . 
 `` i will deliver your message with the care it requires , '' she began , then stumbled over her tongue . 
 what honorific did she use for him ? 
 `` my lord dragon , '' she finished hurriedly . 
 the words dried her tongue , but he nodded , so it must have sufficed . 
 one of the marath ` damane appeared through that impossible hole in the air , a young woman with her hair in a long braid . 
 she wore enough jewelry for one of the blood , and of all things , a red dot in the middle of her forehead . 
 `` how long do you mean to stay here , rand ? '' 
 she demanded as if the hard-eyed young man were a servant rather than who he was . 
 `` how close to ebou dar are we here ? 
 the place is full of seanchan , you know , and they probably fly raken all around it . '' 
 `` did cadsuane send you to ask that ? '' 
 he said , and her cheeks colored faintly . 
 `` not much longer , nynaeve . 
 a few minutes . '' 
 the young woman shifted her gaze to the other sul ` dam and damane , all taking their lead from falendre , pretending there were no marath ` damane watching them , and especially no men in black coats . 
 the others had straightened themselves as best they could . 
 surya had washed the blood from her face , and from her tabi 's face , and malian had tied large compresses on them that made them appear to be wearing odd hats . 
 ciar had managed to clean off most of the vomit she had spilled down the front of her dress . 
 `` i still think i should heal them , '' nynaeve said abruptly . 
 `` hits to the head can cause odd things that do n't come on right away . '' 
 surya , her face hardening , moved tabi behind her as if to protect the damane . 
 as if she could . 
 tabi 's pale eyes had widened in horror . 
 falendre raised a pleading hand toward the tall young man . 
 toward the dragon reborn , it seemed . 
 `` please . 
 they will receive medical aid as soon as we reach ebou dar . '' 
 `` give over , nynaeve , '' the young man said . 
 `` if they do n't want healing , they do n't want it . '' 
 the marath ` damane scowled at him , gripping her braid so hard that her knuckles turned white . 
 he turned his own attention back to falendre . 
 `` the road to ebou dar lies about an hour east of here . 
 you can reach the city by nightfall if you press . 
 the shields on the damane will evaporate in about half an hour . 
 is that right for the saidar-woven shields , nynaeve ? '' 
 the woman scowled at him in silence . 
 `` is that right , nynaeve ? '' 
 `` half an hour , '' she replied finally . 
 `` but none of this is right , rand al ` thor . 
 sending those damane back . 
 it is n't right , and you know it . '' 
 for a moment , his eyes were even colder . 
 not harder . 
 that would have been impossible . 
 but for that long moment , they seemed to hold caverns of ice . 
 `` right was easy to find when all i had to care for was a few sheep , '' he said quietly . 
 `` nowadays , sometimes it 's harder to come by . '' 
 turning away , he raised his voice . 
 `` logain , get everyone back through the gateway . 
 yes , yes , merise . 
 i 'm not trying to command you . 
 if you 'll deign to join us , though ? 
 it will be closing soon . '' 
 <br/> she had given her word to the dragon to speak directly to the daughter of the nine moons . 
 and she would . 
 but she might not do so immediately . 
 careful consideration would have to be given . 
 very careful consideration . 
 she leaned in close to her horse 's neck , nudging her mount forward , ahead of the others . 
 that way , they would n't see the tears of frustration , pain and terror in her eyes . 
 tylee khirgan , lieutenant-general of the ever victorious army , sat her horse atop a forested hilltop , looking northward . 
 such a different place this land was . 
 her homeland , maram kashor , was a dry island on the very southeastern tip of seanchan . 
 the lumma trees there were straight , towering monsters , with fronds sprouting from the top like the hair crest of a member of the high blood . 
 the things that passed for trees in this land were gnarled , twisting , branching shrubs by comparison . 
 their limbs were like the fingers of old soldiers , gone arthritic from years holding the sword . 
 what had the locals called these plants ? 
 brushwood trees ? 
 so odd . 
 to think that some of her ancestors might have come from this place , traveling with luthair paendrag to seanchan . 
 her army marched down the road below , throwing dust into the air . 
 thousands upon thousands of men . 
 fewer than she 'd had before , but not by many . 
 it had been two weeks since her fight with the aiel , where perrin aybara 's plan had worked impressively . 
 fighting alongside a man like him was always a bittersweet experience . 
 sweet for the sheer genius of it . 
 bitter for the worry that one day , they would face each other on the battlefield . 
 tylee was not one who enjoyed a challenge in a fight . 
 she 'd always preferred to win straight out . 
 some generals said that never struggling meant never being forced to improve . 
 tylee figured that she and her men would do their improving on the practice field , and leave the struggling to her enemies . 
 she would not like to face perrin . 
 no , she would not . 
 and not just because she was fond of him . 
 slow hoofbeats sounded on the earth . 
 she glanced to the side as mishima rode his horse , a pale gelding , up next to hers . 
 he had his helm tied to his saddle , and his scarred face was thoughtful . 
 they were a pair , the two of them . 
 tylee 's own face bore its share of old scars . 
 mishima saluted her , more respectful now that tylee had been raised to the blood . 
 that particular message , delivered by raken , had been an unexpected one . 
 it was an honor , and one she still was n't accustomed to . 
 `` still mulling over the battle ? '' 
 mishima asked . 
 `` i am , '' tylee said . 
 two weeks , and still it dominated her mind . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` of aybara , you mean ? '' 
 mishima asked . 
 he still spoke to her like a friend , even if he kept himself from meeting her eyes . 
 `` he is a good soldier . 
 perhaps too focused , too driven . 
 but solid . '' 
 `` yes , '' tylee said , then shook her head . 
 `` the world is changing , mishima . 
 in ways we can not anticipate . 
 first aybara , and then the oddities . '' 
 mishima nodded thoughtfully . 
 `` the men do n't want to speak of them . '' 
 `` the events have happened too often to be the work of delusion , '' tylee said . 
 `` the scouts are seeing something . '' 
 `` men do n't just vanish , '' mishima said . 
 `` you think it 's the one power ? '' 
 `` i do not know what it is , '' she said . 
 she glanced over the trees around her . 
 some trees she 'd passed earlier had begun to send out spring growth , but not a one of these had done so . 
 they looked skeletal , though the air was warm enough for it to be planting season already . 
 `` do they have trees like this in halamak ? '' 
 `` not exactly like them , '' mishima said . 
 `` but i 've seen their like before . '' 
 `` should they have budded by now ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm a soldier , general tylee . '' 
 `` i had n't noticed , '' she said dryly . 
 he grunted . 
 `` i mean that i do n't pay attention to trees . 
 trees do n't bleed . 
 perhaps they should have budded , but perhaps not . 
 few things make sense on this side of the ocean . 
 trees that do n't bud in spring , that 's just another oddity . 
 better that than more marath ` damane acting like they were of the blood , everyone bowing and scraping to them . '' 
 he shuddered visibly . 
 tylee nodded , but she did n't share his revulsion . 
 not completely . 
 she was n't certain what to think of perrin aybara and his aes sedai , let alone his asha ` man . 
 and she did n't know much more about trees than mishima . 
 but it felt to her that they should have started to bud . 
 and those men the scouts kept seeing in the fields , how could they vanish so quickly , even with the one power ? 
 the quartermaster had opened up one of their packs of travel rations today and found only dust . 
 tylee would have started a search for a thief or a prankster if the quartermaster had n't insisted that he 'd checked that pack just moments before . 
 karm was a solid man ; he 'd been her quartermaster for years . 
 he did not make mistakes . 
 rotting food was so common here . 
 karm blamed the heat of this strange land . 
 but travel rations could n't rot or spoil , at least not this un-predictably . 
 the omens were all bad , these days . 
 earlier today , she 'd seen two dead rats lying on their backs , one with a tail in the mouth of the other . 
 it was the worst omen she 'd ever seen in her life , and it still chilled her to think of it . 
 something was happening . 
 perrin had n't been willing to speak of it much , but she saw a weight upon him . 
 he knew much more than he had spoken . 
 we ca n't afford to be fighting these people , she thought . 
 it was a rebellious thought , one she would n't speak to mishima . 
 she did n't dare ponder it . 
 the empress , might she live forever , had ordered that this land be reclaimed . 
 suroth and galgan were the empire 's chosen leaders in the venture , until the daughter of the nine moons revealed herself . 
 while tylee could n't know the high lady tuon 's thoughts , suroth and galgan were united in their desire to see this land subdued . 
 it was practically the only thing they did agree upon . 
 none of them would listen to suggestions that they should be looking for allies among the people of this land , rather than enemies . 
 thinking about it was close to treason . 
 insubordination , at least . 
 she sighed and turned to mishima , prepared to give the order to begin scouting for a place to camp for the night . 
 she froze . 
 mishima had an arrow through his neck , a wicked , barbed thing . 
 she had n't heard it strike . 
 he met her eyes , stunned , trying to speak and only letting out blood . 
 he slid from the saddle and collapsed in a heap as something enormous charged through the underbrush beside tylee , cracking gnarled branches , throwing itself at her . 
 she barely had time to pull free her sword and shout before duster-a good , solid war-horse that had never failed her in battle-reared in panic , tossing her to the ground . 
 that probably saved her life , as her attacker swung a thick-bladed sword , cutting into the saddle where tylee had been . 
 she scrambled to her feet , armor clanking , and screamed the alert . 
 `` to arms ! 
 attack ! '' 
 her voice joined hundreds who made the same call at virtually the same time . 
 men screamed . 
 horses whinnied . 
 an ambush , she thought , raising her blade . 
 and we walked right into it ! 
 where are the scouts ? 
 what happened ? 
 she launched herself at the man who had tried to kill her . 
 he spun , snorting . 
 and for the first time , she saw just what he was . 
 not quite a man - instead , some creature with twisted features , the head covered in coarse brown hair , the too-wide forehead wrinkled with thick skin . 
 those eyes were disturbingly human-like , but the nose below was flattened like that of a boar and the mouth jutted with two prominent tusks . 
 the creature roared at her , spittle spraying from its nearly human lips . 
 blood of my fathers forgotten , she thought . 
 what have we stumbled into ? 
 the monster was a nightmare , given a body and let loose to kill . 
 it was a thing she had always dismissed as superstition . 
 she charged the creature , knocking aside its thick sword as it tried to attack . 
 she spun , falling into beat the brushes , and separated the beast 's arm from its shoulder . 
 she struck again , and its head followed the arm to the ground , cut free . 
 it stumbled , somehow still walking three steps , before collapsing . 
 the trees rustled , more branches snapping . 
 just down from her hillside , tylee saw that hundreds of the creatures had broken out of the underbrush , attacking the line of her men near the middle , causing chaos . 
 more and more of the monsters poured between the trees . 
 how had this happened ? 
 how had these things gotten so close to ebou dar ! 
 they were well inside the seanchan defensive perimeter , only a day 's march from the capital . 
 tylee charged down the hillside , bellowing for her honor guard as more of the beasts roared out of the trees behind her . 
 graendal lounged in a stonework room lined with adoring men and women , each one a perfect specimen , each one wearing little more than a robe of diaphanous white cloth . 
 a warm fire played in the hearth , illuminating a fine rug of blood red . 
 that rug was woven in the design of young women and men entangled in ways that would have made even an experienced courtesan blush . 
 the open windows let in afternoon light , the lofty position of her palace giving a view of pines and a shimmering lake below . 
 she sipped sweetbristle juice , wearing a pale blue dress after the do-mani cut-she was growing fond of their fashions , though her dress was far more filmy than the ones they wore . 
 these domani were too fond of whispering when graendal preferred a nice sharp scream . 
 she took another sip of juice . 
 what an interestingly sour flavor it had . 
 it was exotic during this age , since the trees now grew only on distant islands . 
 without warning , a gateway spun open in the center of the room . 
 she cursed under her breath as one of her finest prizes-a succulent young woman named thurasa , a member of the domani merchant council - nearly lost an arm to the thing . 
 the gateway let in a sweltering heat that marred the perfect mix of chill mountain air and fireplace warmth she had cultivated . 
 graendal kept her composure , forcing herself to lounge back in her overstuffed velvet chair . 
 a messenger in black strode through the portal , and she knew what he wanted before he spoke . 
 only moridin knew where to find her , now that sammael was dead . 
 `` my lady , your presence is required by - '' `` yes , yes , '' she said . 
 `` stand straight and let me see you . '' 
 the youth stood still , just two steps into the room . 
 and my , he was attractive ! 
 pale golden hair as was so rare in many parts of the world , green eyes that shimmered like moss-grown pools , a lithe figure taut with just enough muscle . 
 graendal clicked her tongue . 
 was moridin trying to tempt her by sending his very most pretty , or was the choice coincidental ? 
 no . 
 among the chosen , there were no coincidences . 
 graendal nearly reached out with a weave of compulsion to seize the boy for herself . 
 however , she restrained herself . 
 once a man had known that level of compulsion , there was no way to recover him , and moridin might be angered . 
 she did need to worry about his whims . 
 the man never had been stable , even during the early years . 
 if she intended to see herself as nae ` blis someday , it was important not to rile him until it was time to strike . 
 she turned her attention away from the messenger-if she could n't have him , then she was n't interested in him-and looked through the open gateway . 
 she hated being forced to meet with one of the other chosen on their terms . 
 she hated leaving her stronghold and her pets . 
 most of all , she hated being forced to grovel before one who should have been her subordinate . 
 there was nothing to be done about it . 
 moridin was nae ` blis . 
 for now . 
 and that meant , hate it or not , graendal had no choice but to answer his summons . 
 so she set aside her drink , then stood and walked through the gateway , her diaphanous pale blue gown shimmering with golden embroidery . 
 it was distractingly hot on the other side of the gateway . 
 she immediately wove air and water , cooling the air around her . 
 she was in a black stone building , with ruddy light coming in the windows . 
 they had no glass in them . 
 that reddish tint implied a sunset , but it was barely midafternoon back in arad doman . 
 surely she had n't traveled that far , had she ? 
 the room was furnished only with hard chairs of the deepest black wood . 
 moridin certainly was lacking in imagination lately . 
 everything of black and red , and all focused on killing those fool boys from the village of rand al ` thor . 
 was she the only one who saw that al ` thor himself was the real threat ? 
 why not just kill him and be done with it ? 
 the most obvious answer to that question-that none of them so far had proven strong enough to defeat him-was one she did not enjoy contemplating . 
 she walked to the window and found the reason for the rust-colored light . 
 outside , the claylike ground was stained red from the iron in the soil . 
 she was on the second level of a deep black tower , the stones drawing in the burning heat of the sky . 
 very little vegetation sprouted outside , and that which did was spotted with black . 
 so , it was the deep northeastern blight . 
 it had been some time since she 'd been here . 
 moridin seemed to have located a fortress , of all things . 
 a collection of shoddy huts stood in the shadow of the fortress , and a few patches of blightstrain crops marked fields in the distance . 
 they were probably trying a new strain , coaxing it to grow in the area . 
 perhaps several different crops ; that would explain the patches . 
 guards prowled the area , wearing black uniforms despite the heat . 
 soldiers were necessary to fight off attacks from the various shadowspawn that inhabited the lands this deep within the blight . 
 those creatures obeyed no master save for the great lord himself . 
 what was moridin doing all the way out here ? 
 her speculation was cut short as footsteps announced other arrivals . 
 demandred entered through the doorway to the south , and he was accompanied by mesaana . 
 had they arrived together , then ? 
 they assumed that graendal did not know of their little alliance , a pact that included semi-rhage . 
 but honestly , if they wanted to keep that a secret , could n't they see that they should n't answer a summons together ? 
 graendal hid a smile as she nodded to the two of them , then selected the largest and most comfortable-looking of the room 's chairs to sit in . 
 she ran a finger along the smooth , dark wood , feeling the grain beneath the lacquer . 
 demandred and mesaana regarded her coldly , and she knew them well enough to pick out hints of their surprise at seeing her . 
 so . 
 they had anticipated this meeting , had they ? 
 but not graendal 's presence at it ? 
 best to pretend that she herself was not confused . 
 she smiled knowingly at the two of them and caught a flash of anger in demandred 's eyes . 
 that man frustrated her , though she would never admit it out loud . 
 mesaana was in the white tower , pretending to be one of what passed for an aes sedai in this age . 
 she was obvious and easy to read ; graendal 's agents in the white tower kept her well apprised of mesaana 's activities . 
 and , of course , graendal 's own newly minted association with aran ` gar was helpful as well . 
 aran ` gar was playing with the rebel aes sedai , the ones who were besieging the white tower . 
 yes , mesaana did not confuse her , and the others were equally easy to track . 
 moridin was gathering the great lord 's forces for the last battle , and his war preparations left him very little time for the south-though his two minions , cyndane and moghedien , occasionally showed their faces there . 
 they spent their time rallying the darkfriends and occasionally trying to follow moridin 's orders that the two ta ` veren-perrin aybara and matrim cauthon-be killed . 
 she was certain sammael had fallen to rand al ` thor during the struggle for illian . 
 in fact-now that graendal had a clue that semirhage had been pulling strings with the seanchan-she was confident she knew the plans of every one of the other seven remaining chosen . 
 except demandred . 
 what was that blasted man up to ? 
 she 'd have traded all of her knowledge of mesaana 's and aran ` gar 's doings for even a hint of demandred 's plans . 
 he stood there , handsome and hawk-nosed , his lips drawn in perpetual anger . 
 demandred never smiled , never seemed to enjoy anything . 
 though he was one of the foremost generals among the chosen , warfare had never seemed to bring him joy . 
 once she had heard him say that he would laugh the day he could snap the neck of lews therin . 
 and only then . 
 he was a fool to bear that grudge . 
 to think he might have been on the other side-might have become the dragon himself , had things turned out differently . 
 still , fool or not , he was extremely dangerous , and graen-dal did not like being ignorant of his plans . 
 where had he set up ? 
 demandred liked having armies to command , but there were none left moving in the world . 
 save perhaps for those borderlanders . 
 could he have managed to infiltrate them -rcb- that certainly would have been a coup . 
 but surely she 'd have heard something ; she had spies in that camp . 
 she shook her head , wishing for a drink to wet her lips . 
 this northern air was too dry ; she much preferred the domani humidity . 
 demandred folded his arms , remaining standing as mesaana seated herself . 
 she had chin-length dark hair and watery blue eyes . 
 her floor-length white dress bore no embroidery , and she wore no jewelry . 
 a scholar to the core . 
 sometimes graendal thought mesaana had gone over to the shadow because it offered a more interesting opportunity for research . 
 mesaana was fully dedicated to the great lord now , just like the rest of them , but she seemed a second-rate member of the chosen . 
 making boasts she could n't fulfill , allying herself to stronger parties but lacking the skill to manipulate them . 
 she 'd done evil works in the great lord 's name , but had never managed the grand achievements of chosen like semirhage and demandred . 
 let alone moridin . 
 and , as graendal began to think on moridin , the man entered . 
 now , there was a handsome creature . 
 demandred looked like a knob-faced peasant compared with him . 
 yes , this body was much better than his previous one . 
 he was almost pretty enough to be one of her pets , though that chin spoiled the face . 
 too prominent , too strong . 
 still , that stark black hair atop a tall , broad-shouldered body ... . 
 she smiled , thinking of him kneeling in a filmy outfit of white , looking at her adoringly , his mind wrapped in compulsion to the point that he saw nobody-nothing - other than graendal . 
 mesaana rose as soon as moridin entered , and graendal reluctantly did likewise . 
 he was n't her pet , not yet . 
 he was nae ` blis , and he had begun to demand more and more shows of obedience from them in recent days . 
 the great lord gave him the authority . 
 all three of the other chosen reluctantly bowed their heads to him ; only to him among all men would they show deference . 
 he noted their obedience with stern eyes as he stalked to the front of the room , where the wall of charcoal black stones was set with a mantel . 
 what had possessed someone to build a fortress out of black rock in the blight 's heat ? 
 graendal sat back down . 
 were the other chosen coming ? 
 if not , what did it mean ? 
 mesaana spoke before moridin could say anything . 
 `` moridin , '' she said , stepping forward , `` we need to rescue her . '' 
 `` you will speak when i give you leave , mesaana , '' he replied coldly . 
 `` you are not yet forgiven . '' 
 she cringed , then obviously grew angry at herself for it . 
 moridin ignored her , glancing over at graendal , eyes narrow . 
 what was that look for ? 
 `` you may continue , '' he finally said to mesaana , `` but remember your place . '' 
 mesaana 's lips formed a line , but she did not argue . 
 `` moridin , '' she said , tone less demanding . 
 `` you saw the wisdom in agreeing to meet with us . 
 surely that was because you are as shocked as we are . 
 we do not have the resources to help her ourselves ; she is bound to be well guarded by aes sedai and those asha ` man . 
 you need to help us free her . '' 
 `` semirhage deserves her imprisonment , '' moridin said , resting his arm on the mantel , still turned away from mesaana . 
 semirhage , captured ? 
 graendal had just barely learned that the woman was impersonating an important seanchan ! 
 what had she done to get herself captured ? 
 if there were asha ` man , then it seemed she 'd managed to be taken by al ` thor himself ! 
 despite her startlement , graendal maintained her knowing smile . 
 demandred glanced at her . 
 if he and mesaana had asked for this meeting , then why had moridin sent for graendal ? 
 `` but think of what semirhage might reveal ! '' 
 mesaana said , ignoring graendal . 
 `` beyond that , she is one of the chosen . 
 it is our duty to aid her . '' 
 and beyond that , graendal thought , she is a member of the little alliance you two made . 
 perhaps the strongest member . 
 losing her will be a blow to your bid for control of the chosen . 
 `` she disobeyed , '' moridin said . 
 `` she was not to try to kill al ` thor . '' 
 `` she did n't intend to , '' mesaana said hastily . 
 `` our woman there thinks that the bolt of fire was a reaction of surprise , not an intention to kill . '' 
 `` and what say you of this , demandred ? '' 
 moridin said , glancing at the shorter man . 
 `` i want lews therin , '' demandred said , his voice deep , his expression dark , as always . 
 `` semirhage knows that . 
 she also knows that if she 'd killed him , i would have found her and claimed her life in retribution . 
 nobody kills al ` thor . 
 nobody but me . '' 
 `` you or the great lord , demandred , '' moridin said , voice dangerous . 
 `` his will dominates us all . '' 
 `` yes , yes , of course it does , '' mesaana cut in , stepping forward , plain dress brushing the mirror-bright black marble floor . 
 `` moridin , the fact remains that she did n't intend to kill him , just to capture him . 
 i - '' `` of course she intended to capture him ! '' 
 moridin roared , causing mesaana to flinch . 
 `` that was what she was ordered to do . 
 and she failed at it , mesaana . 
 failed spectacularly , leaving him wounded despite my express command that he was n't to be harmed ! 
 and for that incompetence , she will suffer . 
 i will give you no aid in rescuing her . 
 in fact , i forbid yon to send her aid . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 mesaana flinched again . 
 demandred did not ; he met moridin 's eyes , then nodded . 
 yes , he was a cold one . 
 perhaps graendal underestimated him . 
 he very well might be the most powerful of the three , more dangerous than semirhage . 
 she was emotionless and controlled , true , but sometimes emotion was appropriate . 
 it could drive a man like demandred to actions that a more coolheaded person could n't even contemplate . 
 moridin looked down , flexing his left hand , as if it were stiff . 
 graendal caught a hint of pain in his expression . 
 `` let semirhage rot , '' moridin growled . 
 `` let her see what it is to be the one questioned . 
 perhaps the great lord will find some use for her in the coming weeks , but that is his to determine . 
 now . 
 tell me of your preparations . '' 
 mesaana paled just slightly , glancing at graendal . 
 demandred 's face grew red , as if he was incredulous that they would be interrogated in front of another chosen . 
 graendal smiled at them . 
 `` i am perfectly poised , '' mesaana said , turning back to moridin with a sweep of her head . 
 `` the white tower and those fools who rule it will shortly be mine . 
 i will deliver not just a broken white tower to our great lord , but an entire brood of channelers who -- one way or another-will serve our cause in the last battle . 
 this time , the aes sedai will fight for us ! '' 
 `` a bold claim , '' moridin said . 
 `` i will make it happen , '' mesaana said evenly . 
 `` my followers infest the tower like an unseen plague , festering inside of a healthy-looking man at market . 
 more and more join our cause . 
 some intentionally , others unwittingly . 
 it is the same either way . '' 
 graendal listened thoughtfully . 
 aran ` gar claimed that the rebel aes sedai would eventually secure the tower , though graendal herself was n't certain . 
 who would be victorious , the child or the fool ? 
 did it matter ? 
 `` and you ? '' 
 moridin asked demandred . 
 `` my rule is secure , '' demandred said simply . 
 `` i gather for war . 
 we will be ready . '' 
 graendal itched for him to say more than that , but moridin did not push . 
 still , it was much more than she 'd been able to glean on her own . 
 demandred apparently held a throne and had armies . 
 which were gathered . 
 the borderlanders marching through the east seemed more and more likely . 
 `` you two may withdraw , '' moridin said . 
 mesaana sputtered at the dismissal , but demandred simply turned and stalked away . 
 graendal nodded to herself ; she 'd have to watch him . 
 the great lord favored action , and often those who could bring armies to his name were best rewarded . 
 demandred could very well be her most important rival-following moridin himself , of course . 
 he had not dismissed her , and so she remained seated as the other two withdrew . 
 moridin stayed where he was , one arm leaning against the mantel . 
 there was silence in the too-black room for a time , and then a servant in a crisp red uniform entered , bearing two cups . 
 he was an ugly thing , with a flat face and bushy eyebrows , worth no more than a passing glance . 
 she took a sip of her drink and tasted new wine , just slightly tart , but quite good . 
 it was growing hard to find good wine ; the great lord 's touch on the world tainted everything , spoiling food , ruining even that which never should have been able to spoil . 
 <br/> even his own followers . 
 yes ! 
 that must have been why they had fallen . 
 that must have been why so many died when assaulting the city of maiden and its darkfriend aiel . 
 the prophet had been so certain . 
 he had assumed that the dragon would protect his people , lead them to a powerful victory . 
 then the prophet would finally have gotten his wish . 
 he could have killed perrin aybara with his own hands ! 
 twist that too-thick bull 's neck in his fingers , twist it around , squeezing , feeling the bones crack , the flesh wring , the breath stop . 
 the prophet reached the top of the ridge and brushed the dirt from his fingers . 
 he breathed in and out , scanning around him , underbrush rustling as his few remaining followers climbed up toward him . 
 the canopy was dense overhead , and very little sunlight peeked through . 
 light . 
 radiant light . 
 the dragon had appeared to him the night before the attack . 
 appeared in glory ! 
 a figure of light , glowing in the air in shimmering robes . 
 kill perrin aybara ! 
 the dragon had commanded . 
 kill him ! 
 and so the prophet had sent his very best tool , aybara 's own dear friend . 
 that boy , that tool , had failed . 
 aram was dead . 
 the prophet 's men had confirmed it . 
 tragedy ! 
 was that why they had not prospered ? 
 was that why , out of his thousands of followers , he now only had a bare handful ? 
 no . 
 no ! 
 they must have turned against him , secretly worshipping the shadow . 
 aram ! 
 darkfriend ! 
 that was why he had failed . 
 the first of his followers-battered , dirtied , bloodied , exhausted - reached the top of the ridge . 
 they wore threadbare clothing . 
 clothing that did not set them above others . 
 the clothing of simplicity and goodness . 
 the prophet counted them off . 
 fewer than a hundred . 
 so few . 
 this cursed forest was so dark , despite the daylight . 
 thick trunks stood shoulder-to-shoulder , and the sky overhead had grown dim with cloud cover . 
 the underbrush of thin-branched boneweed shrubs matted together , forming an almost unnatural barrier , and those shrubs scratched like claws on his skin . 
 with that underbrush and the sharp earthen bank , the army could not follow this way . 
 though the prophet had escaped from aybara 's camp barely an hour before , he already felt safe . 
 they would go north , where aybara and his darkfriends would not find them . 
 there , the prophet could rebuild . 
 he had stayed with aybara only because his followers had been strong enough to keep aybara 's darkfriends away . 
 his dear followers . 
 brave men , and true , every one . 
 killed by dark-friends . 
 he mourned them , bowing his head and muttering a prayer . 
 his followers joined him . 
 they were weary , but the light of zeal shone in their eyes . 
 any who were weak , or who lacked dedication , had fled or been killed long ago . 
 these were the best , the mightiest , the most faithful . 
 each one had killed many darkfriends in the name of the dragon reborn . 
 with them , he could rebuild . 
 but first he had to escape aybara . 
 the prophet was too weak , now , to face him . 
 but later he would kill him . 
 yes ... fingers on that neck ... yes ... the prophet could remember a time when he 'd been called something else . 
 masema . 
 those days were growing very blurry to him , like memories from a former life . 
 indeed , just as all men were reborn into the pattern , so had masema been reborn -- he had cast off his old , profane life and had become the prophet . 
 the last of his followers joined him atop the cliff face . 
 he spat at their feet . 
 they had failed him . 
 cowards . 
 they should have fought better ! 
 he should have been able to win that city . 
 he turned north and pushed his way forward . 
 this landscape was growing familiar to him , though they had nothing like it up in the borderlands . 
 they would climb to the highlands , then cross over and enter almoth plain . 
 there were dragonsworn there , followers of the prophet , even if many did n't know of him . 
 there he could rebuild quickly . 
 he pushed through a patch of the dark brush and entered a small clearing . 
 his men followed quickly . 
 they would need food , soon , and he would have to send them hunting . 
 no fires . 
 they could n't afford to alert - `` hello , masema , '' a quiet voice said . 
 he hissed , spinning , his followers bunching around him and pulling out weapons . 
 swords for some , knives , quarterstaffs , and the occasional polearm . 
 the prophet scanned the dim afternoon clearing , searching for the one who had spoken . 
 he found her standing on a little outcrop of rock a short distance away , a woman with a prominent saldaean nose , slightly tilted eyes , and shoulder-length black hair . 
 she wore green , with skirts divided for riding , her arms folded in front of her . 
 faile aybara , wife of the shadowspawn , perrin aybara . 
 `` take her ! '' 
 the prophet screamed , pointing . 
 several of his followers scrambled forward , but most hesitated . 
 they had seen what he had not . 
 shadows in the forest behind aybara 's wife , a half-circle of them . 
 they were the shapes of men , with bows pointed into the clearing . 
 faile waved with a sharp motion , and the arrows flew . 
 those of his followers who had run at his bidding fell first , crying out in the silent forest before falling to the loamy earth . 
 the prophet bellowed , each arrow seeming to pierce his own heart . 
 his beloved followers ! 
 his friends ! 
 his dear brothers ! 
 an arrow slammed into him , throwing him backward to the ground . 
 around him , men died , just as they had earlier . 
 why , why had n't the dragon protected them ? 
 why ? 
 suddenly , the horror of it all returned to him , the sinking terror of watching his men fall in waves , at watching them die at the hands of those darkfriend aiel . 
 it was perrin aybara 's fault . 
 if only the prophet had seen earlier , back in the early days , before he 'd even recognized the lord dragon for who he was ! 
 `` it 's my fault , '' the prophet whispered as the last of his followers died . 
 it had taken several arrows to stop some of them . 
 that made him proud . 
 slowly , he forced himself back to his feet , hand to his shoulder , where the shaft sprouted . 
 he 'd lost too much blood . 
 dizzy , he fell to his knees . 
 faile stepped down off her stone and entered the clearing . 
 two women wearing trousers followed . 
 they looked concerned , but faile ignored their protests that she stay back . 
 she walked right up to the prophet , then slid her knife from her belt . 
 it was a fine blade , with a cast hilt that showed a wolf 's head . 
 that was well . 
 looking at it , the prophet remembered the day when he 'd earned his own blade . 
 the day his father had given it to him . 
 `` thank you for helping to assault maiden , masema , '' faile said , stopping right in front of him . 
 then she reached up and rammed that knife into his heart . 
 he fell backward , his own blood hot on his chest . 
 `` sometimes , a wife must do what her husband can not , '' he heard faile tell her women as his eyes fluttered , trying to close . 
 `` it is a dark thing we did this day , but necessary . 
 let no one speak of it to my husband . 
 he must never know . '' 
 her voice grew distant . 
 the prophet fell . 
 masema . 
 that had been his name . 
 he 'd earned his sword on his fifteenth birthday . 
 his father had been so proud . 
 it 's over , then , he thought , unable to keep his eyes open . 
 he closed them , falling as if through an endless void . 
 did i do well , father , or did i fail ? 
 there was no answer . 
 and he joined with the void , tumbling into an endless sea of blackness . 
 chapter 1 tears from steel the wheel of time turns , and ages come and pass , leaving memories that become legend . 
 legend fades to myth , and even myth is long forgotten when the age that gave it birth comes again . 
 in one age , called the third age by some , an age yet to come , an age long past , a wind rose around the alabaster spire known as the white tower . 
 the wind was not the beginning . 
 there are neither beginnings nor endings to the turning of the wheel of time . 
 but it was a beginning . 
 the wind twisted around the magnificent tower , brushing perfectly fitted stones and flapping majestic banners . 
 the structure was somehow both graceful and powerful at the same time ; a metaphor , perhaps , for those who had inhabited it for over three thousand years . 
 few looking upon the tower would guess that at its heart , it had been both broken and corrupted . 
 separately . 
 the wind blew , passing through a city that seemed more a work of art than a workaday capital . 
 each building was a marvel ; even the simple granite shopfronts had been crafted by meticulous ogier hands to evoke wonder and beauty . 
 here a dome hinted at the form of a rising sun . 
 there a fountain sprang from the top of a building itself , cresting what appeared to be two waves crashing together . 
 on one cobbled street , a pair of steep three-story buildings stood opposite one another , each crafted into the form of a maiden . 
 the marble creations-half-statue , half-dwelling - reached with stone hands toward one another as if in greeting , hair billowing behind , immobile , yet carved with such delicacy that every strand seemed to undulate in the wind 's passing . 
 the streets themselves were far less grand . 
 oh , they had been laid out with care , radiating from the white tower like streaks of sunlight . 
 yet that sunlight was dimmed by refuse and clutter , hints at the crowding the siege had caused . 
 and perhaps the crowding was n't the only reason for the disrepair . 
 the storefront signs and awnings had n't seen wash or polish in far too long . 
 rotting garbage piled where it had been dumped in alleys , drawing flies and rats but driving away all others . 
 dangerous toughs lounged on the street corners . 
 once , they 'd never have dared do that , and certainly not with such arrogance . 
 where was the white tower , the law ? 
 young fools laughed , saying that the city 's troubles were the fault of the siege , and that things would settle down once the rebels were quelled . 
 older men shook their gray-streaked heads and muttered that things had never been this bad , even when the savage aiel had besieged tar valon some twenty years previously . 
 merchants ignored both young and old . 
 they had their own problems , mainly on southharbor , where trade into the city by way of the river had nearly come to a halt . 
 thick-chested workers toiled beneath the eyes of an aes sedai wearing a red-fringed shawl ; she used the one power to remove wards and weaken the stone , while the workmen broke the rock apart and hauled it away . 
 the workmen had sleeves rolled up , exposing curls of dark hair along burly arms , as they swung pick or hammer , pounding at the ancient stones . 
 they dripped sweat onto rock or into the water below as they dug at the roots of the chain that blocked passage into the city by river . 
 half of that chain was now indestructible cuendillar , called heartstone by some . 
 the effort to tear it free and allow passage into the city was an exhausting one ; the harbor stoneworks-magnificent and strong , shaped by the power itself-were only one of the more visible casualties of the silent war between the rebel aes sedai and those who held the tower . 
 the wind blew through the harbor , where idling porters stood watching the workers chip the stones away , one by one , sending flakes of gray-white dust to float on the water . 
 those with too much sense-or perhaps too little-whispered that such portents could mean only one thing . 
 tar-mon gai ` don , the last battle , must quickly be approaching . 
 the wind danced away from the docks , passing over the tall white bulwarks known as the shining walls . 
 here , at least , one could find clean-liness and attention in the tower guard who stood watch , holding bows . 
 clean-shaven , wearing white tabards free from stain or wear , the archers watched over their barricades with the dangerous readiness of snakes prepared to strike . 
 these soldiers had no intention of letting tar valon fall while they were on duty . 
 tar valon had repelled every enemy . 
 trollocs had breached the walls , but been defeated in the city . 
 artur hawkwing had failed to take tar valon . 
 even the black-veiled aiel , who had ravaged the land during the aiel war , had never taken the city . 
 many claimed this as a great victory . 
 others wondered what would have happened if the aiel had actually wanted to cross into the city . 
 the wind passed over the western fork of the river erinin , leaving the island of tar valon behind , passing the alindaer bridge soaring high to the right , as if taunting enemies to cross it and die . 
 past the bridge , the wind swept into alindaer , one of the many villages near tar valon . 
 it was a village mostly depopulated , as families had fled across the bridge for refuge in the city . 
 the enemy army had appeared suddenly , without warning , as if brought by a blizzard . 
 few wondered at it . 
 this rebel army was headed by aes sedai , and those who lived in the white tower 's shadow rarely gambled on just what aes sedai could and could n't do . 
 the rebel army was poised , but uncertain . 
 over fifty thousand strong , it camped in a massive ring of tents around the smaller camp of aes sedai . 
 there was a tight perimeter between the inner camp and the outer one , a perimeter that had been most recently been intended to exclude men , particularly those who could wield saidin . 
 almost , one could think that this camp of rebels intended to set up permanently . 
 it had an air of common daily life about its workings . 
 figures in white bustled about , some wearing formal novice dresses , many others clothed in near approximations . 
 looking closely , one could see that many of these were far from young . 
 some had already reached their graying . 
 but they were referred to as `` children , '' and obedient they were as they washed clothing , beat rugs , and scrubbed tents beneath the eyes of serene-faced aes sedai . 
 and if those aes sedai glanced with uncommon frequency at the nail-like profile of the white tower , one would be mistaken in assuming them uncomfortable or nervous . 
 aes sedai were in control . 
 always . 
 even now , when they had suffered an indelible defeat : egwene al ` vere , the rebel amyrlin seat , had been captured and imprisoned within the tower . 
 the wind flicked a few dresses , knocked some laundry from its hangings , then continued westward in a rush . 
 westward , past towering dragon-mount , with its shattered and smoking apex . 
 over the black hills and across the sweeping caralain grass . 
 here , pockets of sheltered snow clung to shadows beneath craggy overhangs or beside the occasional stands of mountain blackwood . 
 it was time for spring to arrive , time for new shoots to peek through the winter 's thatch and for buds to sprout on the thin-branched willows . 
 few of either had actually come . 
 the land was still dormant , as if waiting , holding its breath . 
 the unnatural heat of the previous autumn had stretched well into winter , pressing upon the land a drought that had baked the life from all but the most vigorous plants . 
 when winter had finally arrived , it had come in a tempest of ice and snow , a lingering , killing frost . 
 now that the cold had finally retreated , the scattered farmers looked in vain for hope . 
 the wind swept across brown winter grass , shaking the trees ' still-barren branches . 
 to the west , as it approached the land known as arad doman-cresting hills and short peaks-something suddenly slammed against it . 
 something unseen , something spawned by the distant darkness to the north . 
 something that flowed against the natural tide and currents of the air . 
 the wind was consumed by it , blown southward in a gust , across low peaks and brown foothills to a log manor house , isolated , set upon the pine-forested hills in eastern arad doman . 
 the wind blew across the manor house and the tents set up in the wide , open field before it , rattling pine needles and shaking tents . 
 rand al ` thor , the dragon reborn , stood , hands behind his back as he looked out the open manor window . 
 he still thought of them that way , his `` hands , '' though he now had only one . 
 his left arm ended in a stump . 
 he could feel the smooth , saidar-healed skin with the fingers of his good hand . 
 yet he felt as if his other hand should be there to touch . 
 steel , he thought.i am steel . 
 this can not be fixed , and so i move on . 
 the building-a thick-logged structure of pine and cedar after a design favored by the domani wealthy-groaned and settled in the wind . 
 something on that wind smelled of rotten meat . 
 not an uncommon scent , these days . 
 meat spoiled without warning , sometimes only a few minutes after butchering . 
 drying it or salting it did n't help . 
 it was the dark one 's touch , and it grew with each passing day . 
 how long until it was as overwhelming , as oily and nauseating , as the taint that had once coated saidin , the male half of the one power ? 
 the room he stood in was wide and long , thick logs making up the outer wall . 
 planks of pine-still smelling faintly of sap and stain-made up the other walls . 
 the room was furnished sparsely : fur rug on the floor , a pair of aged crossed swords above the hearth , furniture of wood with the bark left on in patches . 
 the entire place had been decorated in a way to say that this was an idyllic home in the woods , away from the bustle of larger cities . 
 not a cabin , of course-it was far too large and lavish for that . 
 a retreat . 
 `` rand ? '' 
 a soft voice asked . 
 he did n't turn , but felt min 's fingers touch his arm . 
 a moment later , her hands moved to his waist and he felt her head rest upon his arm . 
 he could feel her concern for him through the bond they shared . 
 steel , he thought . 
 `` i know you do n't like - '' min began . 
 `` the boughs , '' he said , nodding out the window . 
 `` you see those pines , just to the side of bashere 's camp ? '' 
 `` yes , rand . 
 but - '' `` they blow the wrong direction , '' rand said . 
 min hesitated , and though she gave no physical reaction , the bond brought him her spike of alarm . 
 their window was on the upper floor of the manor , and outside of it , banners set above the camp flapped against themselves : the banner of light and the dragon banner for rand , a much smaller blue flag bearing the three red kingspenny blossoms to mark the presence of house bashere . 
 all three flew proud ... yet just to the side of them , the needles on the pines blew in the opposite direction . 
 `` the dark one stirs , min , '' rand said . 
 he could almost think these winds a result of his own ta ` veren nature , but the events he caused were always possible . 
 the wind blowing in two directions at once ... well , he could feel the wrongness in the way those pines moved , even if he did have trouble distinguishing the individual needles . 
 his eyesight had n't been the same since the attack on that day he 'd lost his hand . 
 it was as if ... as if he looked through water at something distorted . 
 it was getting better , slowly . 
 this building was one in a long line of manors , estates and other remote hiding places rand had used during the last few weeks . 
 he 'd wanted to keep moving , jumping from location to location , following the failed meeting with semirhage . 
 he 'd wanted time to think , to consider , and hopefully time to confuse the enemies that might be searching for him . 
 lord algarin 's manor in tear had been compromised ; a pity . 
 that had been a good place to stay . 
 but rand had to keep moving . 
 below , bashere 's saldaeans had set up a camp on the manor 's green - the open patch of grass out front , bounded by rows of fir and pine trees . 
 calling it the `` green '' seemed an irony , these days . 
 even before the army 's arrival , it had n't been green-it had been a patchy brown , winter thatch broken only occasionally by hesitant new shoots . 
 those had been sickly and yellow , and they had now been trampled by hooves or booted feet . 
 tents covered the green . 
 from rand 's vantage on the second floor , the neat lines of small , peaked tents reminded him of squares on a stones board . 
 the soldiers had noticed the wind . 
 some pointed , others kept their heads down , polishing armor , carrying buckets of water to the horselines , sharpening swords or lance points . 
 at least it was not the dead walking again . 
 the most firm-hearted of men could lose their will when spirits rose from their graves , and rand needed his army to be strong . 
 need . 
 no longer was it about what rand wanted or what he wished . 
 everything he did focused only on need , and what he needed most was the lives of those who followed him . 
 soldiers to fight , and to die , to prepare the world for the last battle . 
 tarmon gai ` don was coming . 
 what he needed was for them all to be strong enough to win . 
 <br/> the exchange had ended with rand losing a hand but gaining one of the forsaken as his prisoner . 
 the last time he 'd been in a similar situation , it had n't ended well . 
 he still did n't know where asmodean had gone or why the weasel of a man had fled in the first place , but rand did suspect that he had betrayed much about rand 's plans and activities . 
 should have killed him . 
 should have killed them all . 
 rand nodded , then froze . 
 had that been lews therin 's thought or his own ? 
 hews therin , rand thought . 
 are you there ? 
 he thought he heard laughter . 
 or perhaps it was sobbing . 
 burn you ! 
 rand thought . 
 talk to me ! 
 the time is coming . 
 i need to know what you know ! 
 how did you seal the dark one 's prison ? 
 what went wrong , and why did it leave the prison flawed ? 
 speak to me ! 
 yes , that was definitely sobbing , not laughter . 
 sometimes it was hard to tell with lews therin . 
 rand continued to think of the dead man as a separate individual from himself , regardless of what semirhage had said . 
 he had cleansed saidin \ the taint was gone and it could touch his mind no longer . 
 he was not going to go insane . 
 the descent into terminal madness can be ... abrupt . 
 he heard her words again , spoken for the others to hear . 
 his secret was finally out . 
 but min had seen a viewing of rand and another man melded together . 
 did n't that mean that he and lews therin were two separate people , two individuals forced into one body ? 
 it makes no difference that his voice is real , semirhage had said . 
 in fact , it makes his situation worse ... . 
 rand watched a particular group of six soldiers inspect the horselines that ran along the right side of the green , between the last line of tents and the line of trees . 
 they checked the hooves one at a time . 
 rand could n't think about his madness . 
 he also could n't think about what cadsuane was doing with semirhage . 
 that left only his plans . 
 the north and the east must be as one . 
 the west and the south must be as one . 
 the two must be as one . 
 that was the answer he 'd received from the strange creatures beyond the red stone doorway . 
 it was all he had to go on . 
 north and east . 
 he had to force the lands into peace , whether they wanted it or not . 
 he had a tenuous balance in the east , with illian , mayene , cairhien and tear all under his control in one way or another . 
 the seanchan ruled in the south , with altara , amadicia and tarabon under their control . 
 murandy might soon be theirs , if they were pressing in that direction . 
 that left andor and elayne . 
 elayne . 
 she was distant , far to the east , but he could still feel her bundle of emotions in his head . 
 at such a distance , it was difficult to tell much , but he thought she was ... relieved . 
 did that mean that her struggle for power in andor was going well ? 
 what of the armies that had besieged her ? 
 and what were those borderlanders up to ? 
 they had left their posts , joining together and marching south to find rand , but giving no explanation of what they wanted of him . 
 they were some of the best soldiers west of the spine of the world . 
 their help would be invaluable at the last battle . 
 but they had left the northlands . 
 why ? 
 he was loath to confront them , however , for fear it could mean yet another fight . 
 one he could n't afford at the moment . 
 light ! 
 he would have thought that , of all people , he could have depended on the border-landers to support him against the shadow . 
 no matter , not for the moment . 
 he had peace , or something close to it , in most of the land . 
 he tried not to think about the recently placated rebellion against him in tear or the volatility of the borders with sean-chan lands , or the plottings of the nobility in cairhien . 
 every time he thought he had a nation secure , it seemed a dozen others fell apart . 
 how could he bring peace to a people who refused to accept it ? 
 min 's fingers tightened on his arm , and he took a deep breath . 
 he did what he could , and for now , he had two goals . 
 peace in arad doman and a truce with the seanchan . 
 the words he 'd received beyond the doorway were now clear : he could not fight both the seanchan and the dark one . 
 he had to keep the seanchan from advancing until the last battle was over . 
 after that , the light could burn them all . 
 why had the seanchan ignored his requests for a meeting ? 
 were they angered that he had captured semirhage ? 
 he had let the ml ` dam go free . 
 did that not speak of his good faith ? 
 arad doman would prove his intentions . 
 if he could end the fight in almoth plain , he could show the seanchan that he was serious in his suits for peace . 
 he would make them see ! 
 rand took a deep breath , studying out the window . 
 bashere 's eight thousand soldiers were erecting peaked tents and digging an earthen moat and wall around the green . 
 the growing bulwark of deep brown contrasted with the white tents . 
 rand had ordered the asha ` man to help with the digging , and though he doubted they enjoyed the humble work , it did speed the process greatly . 
 besides , rand suspected that they-like he himself-secretly savored any excuse to hold saidin . 
 he could see a small group of them in their stiff black coats , weaves spinning around them as they dug up another patch of ground . 
 there were ten of them in the camp , though only flinn , naeff and narishma were full asha ` man . 
 the saldaeans worked quickly , wearing their short coats as they cared for their mounts and set pickets . 
 others took shovelfuls of dirt from the asha ` man mound and used it to pack into the bulwark . 
 rand could see there was that displeasure on the faces of many of the hawk-nosed saldaeans . 
 they did n't like making camp in a wooded area , even one as sparsely flecked with pine as this hillside . 
 trees made cavalry charges difficult and could hide enemies as they approached . 
 davram bashere himself rode slowly through the camp , barking orders through that thick mustache of his . 
 beside him walked lord tel-laen , a portly man in a long coat and wearing a thin domani mustache . 
 he was an acquaintance of bashere 's . 
 lord tellaen put himself at risk by housing rand ; sheltering the troops of the dragon reborn could be seen as treason . 
 but who was there to punish him ? 
 arad doman was in chaos , the throne under threat from several rebel factions . 
 and then there was the great domani general rodel ituralde and his surprisingly effective war against the seanchan to the south . 
 like his men , bashere went about unarmored in a short blue coat . 
 he also wore a pair of the baggy trousers that he favored , the bottoms tucked into his knee-high boots . 
 what did bashere think of being caught in rand 's ta ` veren web ? 
 in being , if not in direct opposition to the will of his queen , at least uncomfortably to the side of it ? 
 how long had it been since he had reported to his rightful ruler ? 
 had n't he promised rand that his queen 's support would be speedy in coming ? 
 how many months ago had that been ? 
 / am the dragon reborn , rand thought i break all covenants and vows . 
 old allegiances are unimportant . 
 only tarmon gai ` don matters . 
 tarmon gai ` don , and the servants of the shadow . 
 `` i wonder if we 'll find graendal here , '' rand said thoughtfully . 
 `` graendal ? '' 
 min asked . 
 `` what makes you think she might be ? '' 
 rand shook his head . 
 asmodean had said graendal was in arad doman , though that had been months ago . 
 was she still here ? 
 it seemed plausible ; it was one of the few major nations where she could be . 
 graendal liked to have a hidden base of power far from where the other forsaken lurked ; she would n't have set up in andor , tear or illian . 
 nor would she have been caught in the lands to the southwest , not with the seanchan invasion . 
 she would have a hidden retreat somewhere . 
 that was how she operated . 
 probably in the mountains , secluded , somewhere here in the north . 
 he could n't be sure she was in arad doman , though it felt right to him , from what he knew of her . 
 from what lews therin knew of her . 
 but it was only a possibility . 
 he would be careful , watching for her . 
 each of the forsaken that he removed would make the last battle that much easier to fight . 
 it would - soft footsteps approached his closed door . 
 rand released min and they both spun , rand reaching for his sword - a useless gesture , now . 
 the loss of his hand , though it was n't his primary sword hand , would leave him vulnerable if he were to face a skilled opponent . 
 even with saidin to provide a far more potent weapon , his first instinct was for the sword . 
 he 'd have to change that . 
 it might get him killed someday . 
 the door opened and cadsuane strode in , as confident as any queen at court . 
 she was a handsome woman , with dark eyes and an angular face . 
 her dark gray hair was up in a bun , a dozen tiny golden ornaments-each one a ter ` angreal or angreal-hanging in their places atop it . 
 her dress was of a simple , thick wool , tied at the waist with a yellow belt , with more yellow embroidery across the collar . 
 the dress itself was green , which was not uncommon , as that was her ajah . 
 rand sometimes felt that her stern face-ageless , like that of any aes sedai who had worked long enough with the power-would have fit better in the red ajah . 
 he relaxed his hand on his sword , though he did not release it . 
 he fingered the cloth-tied hilt . 
 the weapon was long , slightly curved , and the lacquered scabbard was painted with a long , sinuous dragon of red and gold . 
 it looked as if it had been designed specifically for rand - and yet it was centuries old , unearthed only recently . 
 how odd , that they should find this now , he thought , and make a gift of it to me , completely unaware of what they were holding ... . 
 he had taken to wearing the sword immediately . 
 it felt right beneath his fingers . 
 he had told no one , not even min , that he had recognized the weapon . 
 and not , oddly , from lews therin 's memories-but rand 's own . 
 cadsuane was accompanied by several others . 
 nynaeve was expected ; she often followed cadsuane these days , like a rival cat she found encroaching on her territory . 
 she did it for him , likely . 
 the dark-haired aes sedai had never quite given up being wisdom of emond 's field , no matter what she said , and she gave no quarter to anyone she thought was abusing one under her protection . 
 unless , of course , nynaeve herself was the one doing the abusing . 
 today , she wore a dress of gray with a yellow sash at the waist over her belt-a new domani fashion , he had heard-and had the customary red dot on her forehead . 
 she wore a long gold necklace and slim gold belt , with matching bracelets and finger rings , both studded with large red , green and blue gems . 
 the jewelry was a ter ` angreal-or , rather , several of them and an angreal too-comparable to what cadsuane wore . 
 rand had occasionally heard nynaeve muttering that her ter ` angreal , with the gaudy gems , were impossible to match to her clothing . 
 where nynaeve was n't a surprise , alivia was . 
 rand had n't been aware that the former damane had been involved in the ... information gathering . 
 still , she was supposed to be even stronger than nynaeve in the one power , so perhaps she had been brought for support . 
 one could never be too careful where the forsaken were concerned . 
 there were streaks of white in alivia 's hair , and she was just a bit taller than nynaeve . 
 that white in her hair was telling-any white or gray on a woman who wielded the one power meant age . 
 a great deal of it . 
 alivia claimed to be four centuries old . 
 today , the former damane wore a strikingly red dress , as if in an attempt to be confrontational . 
 most damane , once unleashed , remained timid . 
 not so with alivia-there was an intensity to her that almost suggested a whitecloak . 
 he felt min stiffen , and he felt her displeasure . 
 alivia would help rand die , eventually . 
 that had been one of min 's viewings-and min 's viewings were never wrong . 
 except that she 'd said she 'd been wrong about moiraine . 
 perhaps that meant that he would n't have to ... no . 
 anything that made him think of living through the last battle , anything that made him hope , was dangerous . 
 he had to be hard enough to accept what was coming to him . 
 hard enough to die when the time came . 
 you said we could die , lews therin said in the back of his mind . 
 you promised ! 
 cadsuane said nothing as she walked across the room , helping herself to a cup of the spiced wine that sat on a small serving table beside the bed . 
 then she sat down in one of the red cedar chairs . 
 at least she had n't demanded that he pour the wine for her . 
 that sort of thing was n't beyond her . 
 `` well , what did you learn ? '' 
 he asked , walking from the window and pouring himself a cup of wine as well . 
 min walked to the bed-with its frame of cedar logs and a skip-peeled headboard stained deeply reddish brown-and sat down , hands in her lap . 
 she watched alivia carefully . 
 cadsuane raised an eyebrow at the sharpness in rand 's voice . 
 he sighed , forcing down his annoyance . 
 he had asked her to be his counselor , and he had agreed to her stipulations . 
 min said there was something important he would need to learn from cadsuane-that was another viewing - and in truth , he had found her advice useful on more than one occasion . 
 she was worth her constant demands for decorum . 
 `` how did the questioning go , cadsuane sedai ? '' 
 he asked in a more moderate tone . 
 she smiled to herself . 
 `` well enough . '' 
 `` well enough ? '' 
 nynaeve snapped . 
 she had made no promises to cadsuane about civility . 
 `` that woman is infuriating ! '' 
 cadsuane sipped her wine . 
 `` i wonder what else one could expect from one of the forsaken , child . 
 she has had a great deal of time to practice being ... infuriating . '' 
 `` rand , that ... creature is a stone , '' nynaeve said , turning to him . 
 `` she 's yielded barely a single useful sentence despite days of questioning ! 
 all she does is explain how inferior and backward we are , with the occasional aside that she 's eventually going to kill us all . '' 
 nynaeve reached up to her long , single braid-but stopped herself short of tugging on it . 
 she was getting better about that . 
 rand wondered why she bothered , considering how obvious her temper was . 
 `` for all the girl 's dramatic talk , '' cadsuane said , nodding to nynaeve , `` she has a reasonable grasp on the situation . 
 phaw ! 
 when i said ` well enough ' you were to interpret it as ` as well as you might expect , given our unfortunate constraints . ' 
 one can not blindfold an artist , then be surprised when he has nothing to paint . '' 
 `` this is n't art , cadsuane , '' rand said dryly . 
 `` it 's torture . '' 
 min shared a glance with him , and he felt her concern . 
 concern for him ? 
 he was n't the one being tortured . 
 the box , lews therin whispered . 
 we should have died in the box . 
 then ... then it would be over . 
 cadsuane sipped her wine . 
 rand had n't tasted his-he already knew that the spices were so strong as to render the drink unpalatable . 
 better that than the alternative . 
 `` you press us for results , boy , '' cadsuane said . 
 `` and yet you deny us the tools we need to get them . 
 whether you name it torture , questioning , or baking , i call it foolishness . 
 now , if we were allowed to - '' `` no ! '' 
 rand growled , waving a hand ... a stump ... at her . 
 `` you will not threaten or hurt her . '' 
 time spent in a dark box , being pulled forth and being beaten repeatedly . 
 he would not have a woman in his power treated the same way . 
 not even one of the forsaken . 
 `` you may question her , but some things i will not allow . '' 
 nynaeve sniffed . 
 `` rand , she 's one of the forsaken , dangerous beyond reason ! '' 
 `` i am aware of the threat , '' rand said flatly , holding up the stump where his left hand had been . 
 the metallic gold and red tattoo of a dragon 's body sparkled in the lamplight . 
 its head had been consumed in the fire that had nearly killed him . 
 nynaeve took a deep breath . 
 `` yes , well , then you must see that normal rules should n't apply to her ! '' 
 `` i said no ! '' 
 rand said . 
 `` you will question her , but you will not hurt her ! '' 
 not a woman . 
 i will keep to this one shred of light inside me . 
 i 've caused the deaths and sorrows of too many women already . 
 `` if that is what you demand , boy , '' cadsuane said tersely , `` then that is what shall be done . 
 just do n't whine when we are unable to drag out of her what she had for breakfast yesterday , let alone the locations of the other forsaken . 
 one begins to wonder why you insist we continue this farce at all . 
 perhaps we should simply turn her over to the white tower and be done with it . '' 
 rand turned away . 
 outside , the soldiers had finished with the horse-lines . 
 they looked good . 
 even and straight , the animals given just the right amount of slack . 
 turn her over to the white tower ? 
 that would never happen . 
 cadsuane would n't let semirhage out of her grip until she got the answers she wanted . 
 the wind still blew outside , his own banners flapping before his eyes . 
 `` turn her over to the white tower , you say ? '' 
 he said , glancing back into the room . 
 `` which white tower ? 
 would you entrust her to elaida ? 
 or did you mean the others ? 
 i doubt that egwene would be pleased if i dropped one of the forsaken in her lap . 
 egwene might just let semirhage go and take me captive instead . 
 force me to kneel before the white tower 's justice and gentle me just to give her another notch in her belt . '' 
 nynaeve frowned . 
 `` rand ! 
 egwene would never - '' `` she 's amyrlin , '' he said , downing his cup of wine in one gulp . 
 it was as putrid as he recalled . 
 `` aes sedai to the core . 
 i 'm just another pawn to her . '' 
 yes , lews therin said . 
 we need to stay away from all of them . 
 they refused to help us , you know . 
 refused ! 
 said my plan was too reckless . 
 that left me with only the hundred companions , no women to form a circle . 
 traitors ! 
 this is their fault . 
 but ... but i 'm the one who killed hyena . 
 why ? 
 nynaeve said something , but rand ignored her . 
 lews therin ? 
 he said to the voice . 
 what was it you did ? 
 the women would n't help ? 
 why ? 
 but lews therin had begun sobbing again , and his voice grew distant . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 rand yelled , throwing his cup down . 
 `` burn you , kinslayer ! 
 speak to me ! '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 rand blinked . 
 he 'd never ... never tried speaking to lews therin out loud where others could hear . 
 and they knew . 
 semirhage had spoken of the voice that he heard , dismissing rand as if he were a common madman . 
 rand reached up , running a hand through his hair . 
 or he tried to ... but he used the arm that was only a stump , and it accomplished nothing . 
 light ! 
 he thought . 
 i 'm losing control . 
 half the time , i do n't know which voice is mine and which is his . 
 this was supposed to get better when i cleansed saidin / / was supposed to be safe ... . 
 not safe , lews therin muttered . 
 we were already mad . 
 ca n't turn back from that now . 
 he began to cackle , but the laughter turned to sobs . 
 rand looked around the room . 
 min 's dark eyes were so worried he had to turn away . 
 alivia-who had watched the exchange about semirhage with those penetrating eyes of hers-seemed too knowing . 
 ny-naeve finally gave in and tugged on her braid . 
 for once , cadsuane did n't chastise him for his outburst . 
 instead she just sipped her wine . 
 how could she stand the stuff ? 
 the thought was trivial . 
 ridiculous . 
 he wanted to laugh . 
 only , the sound would n't come out . 
 he could n't summon even a wry humor , not anymore . 
 light ! 
 i ca n't keep this up . 
 my eyes see as if in a fog , my hand is burned away , and the old wounds in my side rip open if i do anything more strenuous than breathe . 
 i 'm dry , like an overused well . 
 i need to finish my work here and get to shayol ghul . 
 otherwise , there wo n't be anything left of me for the dark one to kill . 
 that was n't a thought to cause laughter ; it was one to cause despair . 
 but rand did not weep , for tears could not come from steel . 
 for the moment , lews therin 's cries seemed enough for both of them . 
 chapter 2 the nature of pain egwene stood up straight , backside aflame with the now-familiar agony of a solid beating beneath the hands of the mistress of novices . 
 she felt like a rug that had just been pounded free of its dust . 
 despite that , she calmly straightened her white skirts , then turned to the room 's mirror and calmly dabbed the tears from the corners of her eyes . 
 only one tear in each eye this time . 
 she smiled to her reflection , and her twin selves nodded to one another in satisfaction . 
 a small , dark-paneled room reflected behind her on the mirror 's silvery surface . 
 such a stern place it was , a sturdy stool in the corner , the top darkened and smoothed from years and years of use . 
 a blockish desk , set with the mistress of novices ' thick tome . 
 the narrow table directly behind egwene had some carvings , but its leather padding was far more distinctive . 
 many a novice-and not a few accepted-had bent down across that table , bearing the punishment for disobedience . 
 egwene could almost imagine that the table 's dark color had come from repeated tearstains . 
 many of her own had been shed there . 
 but none today . 
 only two tears , and neither had fallen from her cheeks . 
 not that she did n't hurt ; her entire body seemed to burn from the pain . 
 indeed , the severity of those beatings had increased the longer she continued to defy the powers in the white tower . 
 but as the beatings had grown more frequent and more painful , egwene 's resolve to endure had grown as well . 
 she had n't yet managed to embrace and accept the pain as the aiel did , but she felt that she was close . 
 the aiel could laugh during the most cruel of tortures . 
 well , she could smile the moment she stood up . 
 each lash she endured , each pain she suffered , was a victory . 
 and victory was always a reason for happiness , no matter how one 's pride or one 's skin burned . 
 standing beside the table behind egwene , reflected in the mirror , was the mistress of novices herself . 
 silviana looked down at the leather strap in her hands , frowning . 
 her ageless square face seemed just faintly confused ; she regarded the strap as one might a knife that refused to cut or a lamp that refused to light . 
 the woman was of the red ajah , a fact reflected in the trim on the hem of her simple gray dress and the fringed shawl on her shoulders . 
 she was tall and stocky and she had her black hair back in a bun . 
 in most ways egwene considered her a superior mistress of novices . 
 even if she had administered a ridiculous number of punishments to egwene . 
 perhaps because of that . 
 silviana did her duty . 
 light knew there were few enough in the tower lately of whom that could be said ! 
 silviana looked up and met egwene 's eyes in the mirror . 
 she quickly put down the strap and washed all emotion from her face . 
 egwene turned around calmly . 
 uncharacteristically , silviana sighed . 
 `` when will you give this up , child ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you 've proven your point quite admirably , i must say , but you must know that i will continue to punish you until you submit . 
 proper order must be maintained . '' 
 egwene held in her shock . 
 the mistress of novices rarely addressed egwene except to offer instruction or reprobation . 
 still , there had been cracks before ... . 
 `` proper order , silviana ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` as it has been maintained elsewhere in the tower ? '' 
 silviana s lips drew back in a line . 
 she turned and made a notation in her book . 
 `` i will see you in the morning . 
 off to dinner with you . '' 
 the morning punishment would be because egwene had called the mistress of novices by her name without adding the honorific `` sedai '' to the end . 
 and likely because both knew that egwene would not curtsy before she left . 
 `` i will return in the morning , '' egwene said , `` but dinner must wait . 
 i have been ordered to attend elaida this evening as she eats . '' 
 this session with silviana had gone long-egwene had brought quite a list of infractions with her-and now she would n't have time to eat . 
 her stomach complained at the prospect . 
 silviana showed just a brief moment of emotion . 
 was it surprise ? 
 `` and you said nothing of this earlier ? '' 
 `` would it have changed anything if i had ? '' 
 silviana did not respond to the question . 
 `` you will eat after attending the amyrlin , then . 
 i shall leave instructions for the mistress of the kitchens to hold you some food . 
 considering how often you are being given healing these days , child , you will need to take your meals . 
 i wo n't have you collapsing from lack of nourishment . '' 
 stern , yet fair . 
 a pity this one had found her way to the red . 
 `` very well , '' egwene said . 
 `` and after eating , '' silviana said , raising a finger , `` you shall return to me for showing disrespect to the amyrlin seat . 
 she is never to be known as simply ` elaida ' to you , child . '' 
 she turned down to her ledger , adding , `` besides , light only knows what kind of trouble you 'll be in by this evening . '' 
 as egwene left the small chamber behind-entering a wide , gray-stoned hallway with floor tiles of green and red-she considered that last comment . 
 perhaps it had n't been surprise that silviana had shown upon hearing of egwene 's visit to elaida . 
 perhaps it had been sympathy . 
 elaida would not react well when egwene stood up to her the way she had to all others in the tower . 
 was that why silviana had decided to bring egwene back for a final strapping after eating ? 
 with the orders silviana had given , egwene would be required to take food before returning for her punishment , even if elaida heaped the strappings upon her . 
 it was a small kindness , but egwene was grateful for it . 
 enduring the daily punishments was difficult enough without skipping meals . 
 as she pondered , two red sisters-katerine and barasine-approached her . 
 katerine held a brass cup . 
 another dose of forkroot . 
 elaida wanted to make certain that egwene could n't channel a trickle during the meal , it seemed . 
 egwene took the cup without protesting and downed it in a single gulp , tasting the faint , yet characteristic , hint of mint . 
 she handed the cup back to katerine with an offhanded gesture , and the woman had no choice but to accept it . 
 almost as if she were a royal cupbearer . 
 egwene did n't head for elaida 's quarters immediately . 
 the overly long punishment 's intrusion into the dinner hour ironically left her with a few spare moments-and she did n't want to arrive early , for that would show elaida deference . 
 so instead she lingered outside the door of the mistress of novices with katerine and barasine . 
 would a certain figure come to visit the study ? 
 in the distance , small clusters of sisters walked the hallway 's tiles of green and red . 
 there was a furtive cast to their eyes , like hares venturing into a clearing to nibble at leaves , yet fearing the predator who hid in the shadows . 
 sisters in the tower these days always wore their shawls , and they never went about alone . 
 some even held the power , as if afraid of being jumped by footpads here in the white tower itself . 
 <br/> silence . 
 that would be her weapon this evening . 
 steeling herself , egwene knocked . 
 her first surprise came when an aes sedai opened the door . 
 did n't elaida have servants to perform that function ? 
 egwene did n't recognize the sister , but the ageless face was obvious . 
 the woman was of the gray , as indicated by her shawl , and she was slender with a full bust . 
 her golden brown hair fell to the middle of her back , and she had a haunted cast to her eyes , as if she 'd been under great strain recently . 
 elaida sat inside . 
 egwene hesitated in the doorway , looking in at her rival for the first time since departing from the white tower with ny-naeve and elayne to hunt the black ajah , a turning point that seemed an eternity ago . 
 handsome and statuesque , elaida seemed to have lost a small measure of her sternness . 
 she sat , secure and smiling faintly , as if thinking on some joke that only she understood . 
 her chair was almost a throne , carved , gilded and painted with red and white . 
 there was a second place set at the table , presumably for the nameless gray sister . 
 egwene had never visited an amyrlin 's own quarters before , but she could imagine what siuan 's might have looked like . 
 simple , yet not stark . 
 just enough ornamentation to indicate that this was the room of someone important , but not enough to become a distraction . 
 under siuan , everything would have served a function-perhaps several functions at once . 
 tables with hidden compartments . 
 wall hangings that doubled as maps . 
 crossed swords over the hearth that were oiled , should the warders need them . 
 or perhaps that was just fancy . 
 regardless , not only had elaida taken different rooms for her quarters ; her decorations were notably rich . 
 the entire suite had n't been decorated yet-there was talk that she was adding to her rooms day by day-but what was there was very lavish . 
 new silk brocades , all of red , hung from the walls and ceilings . 
 the tairen rug underfoot depicted birds aflight , and was so finely woven that it could almost be mistaken for a painting . 
 scattered through the room were pieces of furniture of a dozen different styles and makes , each one lavishly carved and inlaid with ivory . 
 here a series of vines , there a knobby ridged design , there crisscrossing serpents . 
 more infuriating than the extravagance was the stole across elaida 's shoulders . 
 it was striped with six colors . 
 not seven , but six ! 
 though egwene had not chosen an ajah herself , she would have taken the green . 
 but that did n't stop her from feeling a surge of anger at seeing that shawl with blue removed . 
 one did not simply disband one of the ajahs , even if one were the amyrlin seat ! 
 but egwene held her tongue . 
 this meeting was about survival . 
 egwene could bear straps of pain for the good of the tower . 
 could she bear elaida 's arrogance as well ? 
 `` no curtsy ? '' 
 elaida asked as egwene entered the room . 
 `` they said that you were stubborn . 
 well , then , you shall visit the mistress of novices when this supper is through and inform her of the lapse . 
 what do you say to that ? '' 
 that you are a plague upon this structure as vile and destructive as any disease that has struck city and people in all years past . 
 that you - egwene broke her gaze away from elaida 's . 
 and-feeling the shame of it vibrate through her very bones-she bowed her head . 
 elaida laughed , obviously taking the gesture the right way . 
 `` honestly , i expected you to be more trouble . 
 it appears that silviana does know her duty . 
 that is well ; i had worried that she , like far too many in the tower lately , had been shirking . 
 well , be busy with you . 
 i wo n't wait all night to dine . '' 
 egwene clenched her fists , but said nothing . 
 the back wall was set with a long serving table bearing several silver platters , their polished domed lids dripping with condensation from the heated contents . 
 there was also a silver soup tureen . 
 to the side , the gray sister hovered near the door . 
 light ! 
 the woman was terrified . 
 egwene had rarely seen such an expression on a sister . 
 what was causing it ? 
 `` come , meidani , '' elaida said to the gray . 
 `` are you going to hover all night ? 
 sit down ! '' 
 egwene covered a moment of shock . 
 meidani ? 
 she was one of those sent by sheriam and the others to spy on the white tower ! 
 as egwene checked the contents of each platter , she shot a glance over her shoulder . 
 meidani had found her way to the small , less ornate seat at elaida 's side . 
 did the gray always wear such finery to supper ? 
 her neck sparkled with emeralds and her muted green dress was of the most expensive silk , accentuating a bosom that might have been average on another woman , but that seemed ample on meidani 's slender body . 
 beonin said she 'd warned the gray sisters that elaida knew they were spies . 
 so why had n't meidani fled the tower ? 
 what was holding her here ? 
 well , at least now the woman 's expression of terror made sense . 
 `` meidani , '' elaida said , sipping from a goblet of wine , `` you are rather wan this day . 
 have you been getting enough sun ? '' 
 `` i have been spending a great deal of time with historical records , elaida , '' meidani said , voice uneven . 
 `` have you forgotten ? '' 
 `` ah , that is right , '' elaida said musingly . 
 `` it will be good to know how traitors have been treated in the past . 
 beheading seems too easy and simple a punishment to me . 
 those who split our tower , those who flaunt their defection , a very special reward will be needed for them . 
 well , continue your search then . '' 
 meidani sat down , hands in lap . 
 anyone other than an aes sedai would have had to mop her brow free of sweat . 
 egwene stirred the silver tureen , hand clutching the ladle with a white-knuckled grip . 
 elaida knew . 
 she knew that meidani was a spy , and yet she still invited the woman to dinner . 
 to play with her . 
 `` hurry up , girl , '' elaida snapped at egwene . 
 egwene plucked up the tureen , the handles warm beneath her fingers , and walked over to the small table . 
 she filled the bowls with a brownish broth bobbing with queen 's crown mushrooms . 
 it smelled so heavily peppered that any other flavor would be indistinguishable . 
 so much food had gone bad that without spice , the soup would be inedible . 
 egwene worked mechanically , like a wagon wheel rolling behind the oxen . 
 she did n't have to make choices ; she did n't have to respond . 
 she just worked . 
 she filled the soup bowls precisely , then fetched the bread basket and placed one piece-not too crusty-on each small porcelain bread saucer . 
 she returned with a circular dab of butter for each , cut quickly but precisely from the larger brick with a couple of flicks of the knife . 
 one did not spend long as an innkeeper 's daughter without learning to serve a proper meal . 
 even as she worked , she stewed . 
 each step was agony , and not because of her still-burning backside . 
 that physical pain , oddly , seemed insignificant now . 
 it was secondary to the pain of remaining silent , the pain of not allowing herself to confront this awful woman , so regal , so arrogant . 
 as the two women began their soup-pointedly ignoring the weevils in their bread-egwene retreated to the side of the room and stood , hands clasped before her , posture stiff . 
 elaida glanced at her , then smiled , apparently seeing another sign of subservience . 
 in reality , egwene did n't trust herself to move , for she feared that any activity would end with her slapping elaida across the face . 
 light , but this was hard ! 
 `` what talk is there in the tower , meidani ? '' 
 elaida asked , dipping her bread in the soup . 
 `` i ... do n't have much time to listen . 
 ... '' elaida leaned forward . 
 `` oh , surely you know something . 
 you have ears , and even grays must gossip . 
 what are they saying about those rebels ? '' 
 meidani paled further . 
 `` i ... i ... '' `` hmm , '' elaida said . 
 `` when we were novices , i do n't remember you being so slow of wit , meidani . 
 you have n't impressed me these last few weeks ; i begin to wonder why you were ever given the shawl . 
 perhaps it never belonged on your shoulders in the first place . '' 
 meidani 's eyes opened wide . 
 elaida smiled at her . 
 `` oh , i 'm only teasing you , child . 
 back to your meal . '' 
 she joked ! 
 joked about how she had stolen the shawl from a woman , humiliating her to such an extent that she fled the tower . 
 light ! 
 what had happened to elaida ? 
 egwene had met this woman before , and elaida had struck her as stern , but not tyrannical . 
 power changed people . 
 it appeared that in elaida 's case , holding the amyrlin seat had taken her sternness and solemnity and replaced them with a heady sense of entitlement and cruelty . 
 meidani looked up . 
 `` i ... i have heard sisters express worry about the seanchan . '' 
 elaida waved an indifferent hand , sipping her soup . 
 `` bah . 
 they are too distant to be of danger to us . 
 i wonder if they 're secretly working for the dragon reborn . 
 either way , i suspect that the rumors about them are largely exaggerated . '' 
 elaida glanced at egwene . 
 `` it 's a source of constant amusement to me that some will believe anything that they hear . '' 
 egwene could n't speak . 
 she could barely have sputtered . 
 how would elaida feel about these `` exaggerated '' rumors if the seanchan slapped a cold a ` dam around her idiot neck ? 
 egwene could sometimes feel that band on her own skin , itching , impossible to move . 
 sometimes , it still made her faintly sick to move around freely , as if she felt that she should be locked away , chained to the post on the wall by a simple loop of metal . 
 she knew what she had dreamed , and knew those dreams to be prophetic . 
 the seanchan would strike at the white tower itself . 
 elaida , obviously , discounted her warnings . 
 `` no , '' elaida said , waving for egwene to bring another ladle of soup . 
 `` these seanchan are not the problem . 
 the real danger is the complete lack of obedience shown by the aes sedai . 
 what will i have to do to end those foolish talks at the bridges ? 
 how many sisters will have to do penance before they acknowledge my authority ? '' 
 she sat , tapping her spoon against her soup cup . 
 egwene , at the serving table , picked up the tureen , retrieving the ladle from its silver holder . 
 `` yes , '' elaida mused , `` if the sisters had been obedient , then the tower would n't be divided . 
 those rebels would have obeyed rather than running off like a silly flock of startled birds . 
 if the sisters were obedient , we would have the dragon reborn in our hands , and those horrid men training in their ` black tower ' would have been dealt with long ago . 
 what do you think , meidani ? '' 
 `` i ... obedience is certainly important , elaida . '' 
 elaida shook her head as egwene ladled soup into her bowl . 
 `` anyone would admit that , meidani . 
 i asked what should be done . 
 fortunately , i have an idea myself . 
 does n't it strike you as strange that the three oaths contain no mention of obedience to the white tower ? 
 sisters can not lie , can not make a weapon for men to kill other men , and can not use the power as a weapon against others except in defense . 
 those oaths have always seemed too lax to me . 
 why no oath to obey the amyrlin ? 
 if that simple promise were part of all of us , how much pain and difficulty could we have avoided ? 
 perhaps some revision is in order . '' 
 egwene stood still . 
 once , she herself had n't understood the importance of the oaths . 
 she suspected that many a novice and accepted had questioned their usefulness . 
 but she had learned , as every aes sedai must , their importance . 
 the three oaths were what made the aes sedai . 
 they were what kept the aes sedai doing what was best for the world , but more than that , they were a shelter from accusations . 
 changing them ... well , it would be an unprecedented disaster . 
 elaida should know that . 
 the false amyrlin just turned back to her soup , smiling to herself , no doubt contemplating a fourth oath to demand obedience . 
 could n't she see how that would undermine the tower itself ? 
 it would transform the amyrlin from a leader to a despot ! 
 egwene 's rage boiled within her , steaming like the soup in her hands . 
 this woman , this ... creature ! 
 she was the cause of the problems in the white tower , she was the one who caused division between rebels and loyalists . 
 she had taken rand captive and beaten him . 
 she was a disaster ! 
 egwene felt herself shaking . 
 in another moment , she 'd burst and let elaida hear truth . 
 it was boiling free from her , and she could barely contain it . 
 no ! 
 she thought . 
 / / / do that , my battle ends . 
 i lose my war . 
 so egwene did the only thing she could think of to stop herself . 
 she dumped the soup on the floor . 
 brownish liquid sprayed across the delicate rug of red , yellow and green birds aflight . 
 elaida cursed , jumping up from her seat and backing away from the spill . 
 none of the liquid had gotten on her dress , which was a shame . 
 egwene calmly snatched a serving towel off of the table and began to mop up the spill . 
 `` you clumsy idiot ! '' 
 elaida snapped . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' egwene said , `` i wish that had n't happened . '' 
 and she did . 
 she wished none of this evening had occurred . 
 she wished elaida were n't in control ; she wished the tower had never been broken . 
 she wished she had n't been forced to spill the soup on the floor . 
 but she had . 
 and so she dealt with it , kneeling and scrubbing . 
 elaida sputtered , pointing . 
 `` that rug is worth more than your entire village , wilder ! 
 meidani , help her ! '' 
 the gray did n't offer a single objection . 
 she scurried over and grabbed a bucket of chilled water , which had been cooling some wine , and hurried back to help egwene . 
 elaida moved over to a door on the far side of the room to call for servants . 
 `` send for me , '' egwene whispered as meidani knelt down to help clean . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` send for me to give me instruction , '' egwene said quietly , glancing at elaida , whose back was turned . 
 `` we need to speak . '' 
 egwene had originally intended to avoid the salidar spies , letting beonin act as her messenger . 
 but she had too many questions . 
 why had n't meidani fled the tower ? 
 what were the spies planning ? 
 had any of the others been adopted by elaida and beaten down as soundly as meidani ? 
 meidani glanced at elaida , then back at egwene . 
 `` i may not seem it sometimes , but i 'm still aes sedai , girl . 
 you can not order me . '' 
 `` i am your amyrlin , meidani , '' egwene said calmly , wringing a towel-ful of soup into a pitcher . 
 `` and you would do best to remember it . 
 unless you want the three oaths replaced with vows to serve elaida for eternity . '' 
 meidani glanced at her , then cringed at elaida 's shrill calls for servants . 
 the poor woman had obviously seen a hard time lately . 
 egwene laid a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` elaida can be unseated , meidani . 
 the tower will be reunited . 
 i will see it happen , but we must keep courage . 
 send for me . '' 
 meidani looked up , studying egwene . 
 `` how ... how do you do it ? 
 they say you are punished three and four times a day , that you need healing between so that they can beat you further . 
 how can you take it ? '' 
 `` i take it because i must , '' egwene said , lowering her hand . 
 `` just as we all do what we must . 
 your service here watching elaida is difficult , i can see , but know that your work is noticed and appreciated . '' 
 egwene did n't know if meidani really had been sent to spy on elaida , but it was always better for a woman to think that her suffering was for a good purpose . 
 it seemed to have been the right thing to say , for meidani straightened , taking heart and nodding . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 elaida was returning , behind her three servants . 
 `` send for me , '' egwene ordered meidani again , voice a whisper . 
 `` i am one of the few in this tower who has a good excuse to move between the various ajah quarters . 
 i can help heal what has been broken , but i will need your help . '' 
 meidani hesitated , then nodded . 
 `` very well . '' 
 `` you ! '' 
 elaida snapped , stepping up to egwene . 
 `` out ! 
 i want you to tell silviana to strap you as she 's never strapped a woman before ! 
 i want her to punish you , then heal you on the spot , then beat you again ! 
 go ! '' 
 egwene stood , handing her towel to one of the servants . 
 then she walked to the exit . 
 `` and do n't think that your clumsiness has allowed you to escape your duties , '' elaida continued from behind . 
 `` you will return and serve me again on another date . 
 and if you so much as spill another drop , i will have you locked away in a cell with no windows or lights for a week . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 egwene left the room . 
 had this woman ever been a true aes sedai , in control of her emotions ? 
 yet egwene herself had lost control of her emotions . 
 she should never have let herself get to a point where she 'd been forced to drop the soup . 
 she had underestimated how infuriating elaida could be , but that would not happen again . 
 she calmed herself as she walked , breathing in and out . 
 rage did her no good . 
 you did n't get mad at the weasel who was sneaking into your yard and eating your hens . 
 you simply laid a trap and disposed of the animal . 
 anger was pointless . 
 hands still smelling faintly of pepper and spices , she made her way down to the lowest level of the tower , to the novices ' dining hall beside the main kitchens . 
 egwene had worked in those kitchens herself frequently during the last nine days ; every novice was required to work chores . 
 the smells of the place-charcoal and smoke , simmering soups and sharp , unscented soaps-were very familiar to her . 
 the smells were n't that different , actually , from the kitchen of her father 's inn back in the two rivers . 
 the white-walled room was empty , the tables sitting unattended , though there was a small tray on one of them , covered with a pot lid to keep it warm . 
 her cushion was there as well , left by the novices to soften the hard bench . 
 egwene approached , but ignored the cushion as she always did , though she was grateful for the gesture . 
 she sat and removed the lid from the meal . 
 unfortunately , all she found was a bowl of the same brownish soup . 
 there was no hint of the roast , gravy or long , thin buttered beans that had made up the rest of elaida 's meal . 
 still , it was food , and egwene 's stomach was grateful for it . 
 elaida had n't ordered that she immediately go for punishment , and so silviana 's order that she eat first took precedence . 
 or , at least , there was enough of an argument there to protect her . 
 she ate quietly , alone . 
 the soup was indeed spicy , and it tasted as much of pepper as it had smelled , but she did n't mind . 
 other than that , it was actually quite good . 
 she 'd also been left a few slices of bread , though she 'd gotten the ends of the loaf . 
 all in all , not a bad meal for someone who had thought she might get nothing . 
 egwene ate contemplatively , listening to laras and the scullions bang pots at washing up in the other room , surprised at how calm she felt . 
 she had changed ; something was different about her . 
 watching elaida , finally confronting the woman who had been her rival all of these months , forced her to look at what she was doing in a new light . 
 she had imagined herself undermining elaida and seizing control of the white tower from within . 
 now she realized that she did n't need to undermine elaida . 
 the woman was fully capable of doing that herself . 
 why , egwene could picture the reaction of the sitters and ajah heads when elaida announced her intention to change the three oaths ! 
 elaida would topple eventually , with or without egwene 's help . 
 egwene 's duty , as amyrlin , was n't to speed that fall-but to do whatever she could to hold the tower and its occupants together . 
 they could n't afford to fracture further . 
 her duty was to hold back the chaos and destruction that threatened them all , to reforge the tower . 
 as she finished off her soup , using the last piece of bread to wipe the remnants from the bowl , she realized she had to do whatever she could to be a strength to the sisters in the tower . 
 time was growing very short . 
 what was rand doing to the world without guidance ? 
 when would the seanchan attack to the north ? 
 they 'd have to cut through andor to get to tar valon , and what destruction would that cause ? 
 surely she had some time to reforge the tower before the attack came , but no moments to waste . 
 egwene took her dish into the kitchen proper and washed it herself , earning a nod of approval from the hefty mistress of the kitchens . 
 after that , egwene made her way up to silviana 's study . 
 she needed to get her punishment done quickly ; she still intended to visit leane tonight , as was her custom . 
 egwene knocked , then entered , finding silviana at her desk , leafing through a thick tome by the light of two silver lamps . 
 when egwene entered , silviana marked the page with a small length of red cloth , then shut it . 
 the worn cover read meditations on the kindling flame , a history of the rise of various amyrlins . 
 curious . 
 egwene sat down on a stool before the desk-not flinching at the immediate sharp pain of her backside-and spoke calmly about the evening , omitting the fact that she 'd dropped the bowl of soup on purpose . 
 she did , however , say that she 'd dropped it after elaida had talked of revoking and changing the three oaths . 
 silviana looked very thoughtful at that . 
 `` well , '' the woman said , standing up and fetching her lash , `` the amyrlin has spoken . '' 
 `` yes , i have , '' egwene said , standing up and positioning herself on the table , skirts and shift up for the beating . 
 silviana hesitated , and then the strapping began . 
 oddly , egwene felt no desire to cry out . 
 it hurt , of course , but she just could n't scream . 
 how ridiculous the punishment was ! 
 she remembered her pain at seeing the sisters pass in the hallways , regarding one another with fear , suspicion and distrust . 
 she remembered the agony of serving elaida while holding her tongue . 
 and she remembered the sheer horror at the idea of everyone in the tower being bound by oath to obey such a tyrant . 
 egwene remembered her pity for poor meidani . 
 no sister should be treated in such a way . 
 imprisonment was one thing . 
 but beating a woman down , toying with her , hinting at the torture to come ? 
 it was insufferable . 
 each of these things was a pain inside of egwene , a knife to the chest , piercing the heart . 
 as the beating continued , she realized that nothing they could do to her body would ever compare to the pain of soul she felt at seeing the white tower suffer beneath elaida 's hand . 
 compared with those internal agonies , the beating was ridiculous . 
 and so she began to laugh . 
 it was n't a forced laugh . 
 it was n't a defiant laugh . 
 it was the laughter of disbelief . 
 of incredulity . 
 how could they think that beating her would solve anything ? 
 it was ludicrous ! 
 the lashing stopped . 
 egwene turned . 
 surely that was n't all of it ! 
 silviana was regarding her with a concerned expression . 
 `` child ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` i am quite well . '' 
 `` you ... are certain ? 
 how are your thoughts ? '' 
 she thinks i 've broken under the strain , egwene realized . 
 she beats me and i laugh from it . 
 `` my thoughts are well , '' egwene said . 
 `` i do n't laugh because i 've been broken , silviana . 
 i laugh because it is absurd to beat me . '' 
 the woman 's expression darkened . 
 `` ca n't you see it ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` do n't you feel the pain ? 
 the agony of watching the tower crumble around you ? 
 could any beating compare to that ? '' 
 silviana did not respond . 
 i understand , egwene thought . 
 / did n't realize what the aiel did . 
 i assumed that i just had to be harder , and that was what would teach me to laugh at pain . 
 but it 's not hardness at all . 
 it 's not strength that makes me laugh . 
 it 's understanding . 
 to let the tower fall , to let the aes sedai fail-the pain of that would destroy her . 
 she had to stop it , for she was the amyrlin seat . 
 `` i can not refuse to punish you , '' silviana said . 
 `` you realize that . '' 
 `` of course , '' egwene said . 
 `` but please remind me of something . 
 what was it you said about shemerin ? 
 why was it elaida got away with taking the shawl from her ? '' 
 `` it was because shemerin accepted it , '' silviana replied . 
 `` she treated herself as if she really had lost the shawl . 
 she did n't fight back . '' 
 `` i will not make the same mistake , silviana . 
 elaida can say whatever she wants . 
 but that does n't change who i am , or who any of us are . 
 even if she tries to change the three oaths , there will be those who resist , who hold to what is correct . 
 and so , when you beat me , you beat the amyrlin seat . 
 and that should be amusing enough to make us both laugh . '' 
 the punishment continued , and egwene embraced the pain , took it into herself , and judged it insignificant , impatient for the punishment to cease . 
 she had a lot of work to do . 
 chapter 3 the ways of honor aviendha crouched with her spear-sisters and some true blood scouts atop the low , grassy hill , looking down at the refugees . 
 they were a sorry lot , these domani wetlanders , with dirtied faces that had not seen a sweat tent in months , their emaciated children too hungry to cry . 
 one sad mule pulled a single cart among the hundred struggling people ; what they had n't piled in the vehicle they carried . 
 there was n't much of either . 
 they plodded northeast along a pathway that could n't quite be called a road . 
 perhaps there was a village in that direction . 
 perhaps they were just fleeing the uncertainty of the coastal lands . 
 the hilly landscape was open save for the occasional stand of trees . 
 the refugees had n't seen aviendha and her companions , despite the fact that they were less than a hundred paces away . 
 she 'd never understood how wetlanders could be so blind . 
 did n't they watch , noting any oddities on the horizon ? 
 could n't they see that traveling so near to a hilltop practically invited scouts to spy on them ? 
 they should have secured the hill with their own scouts before coming anywhere near . 
 did n't they care ? 
 aviendha shivered . 
 how could you not care about eyes watching you , eyes that might belong to a man or maiden holding a spear ? 
 were they so eager to wake from the dream ? 
 aviendha did not fear death , but there was a very big difference between embracing death and wishing for it . 
 cities , she thought , they 're the problem . 
 cities wete stinking , festering places , like sores that never healed . 
 some were better than others - elayne did an admirable job with caemlyn-but the best of them gathered too many people and taught them to grow comfortable staying in one place . 
 if those refugees had been accustomed to travel and had learned to use their own feet , rather than relying on horses as wetlanders so often did , then it would not be so difficult for them to leave their towns . 
 among the aiel , the craftsmen were trained to defend themselves , the children could live off the land for days , and even blacksmiths could travel great distances quickly . 
 an entire sept could be on the move within an hour , carrying everything they needed on their backs . 
 wetlanders were strange , doubtless . 
 still , she felt pity for the refugees . 
 the emotion surprised her . 
 while she was not heartless , her duty lay elsewhere , with rand al ` thor . 
 she had no reason to feel heartsore for a group of wetlanders she 'd never met . 
 but time spent with her first-sister , elayne trakand , had taught her that not all wetlanders were soft and weak . 
 just most of them . 
 there was/7 in caring for those who could not care for themselves . 
 watching these refugees , aviendha tried to see them as elayne would , but she still struggled to understand elayne 's form of leadership . 
 it was not the simple leadership of a group of maidens on a raid-that was both instinctive and efficient . 
 elayne would not watch these refugees for signs of danger or hidden soldiers . 
 elayne would feel a responsibility to them , even if they were not of her own people . 
 she would find a way to send food , perhaps use her troops to secure a safe area for them to homestead-and in doing so , acquire a piece of this country for herself . 
 once , aviendha would have left these thoughts to clan chiefs and roofmistresses . 
 but she was n't a maiden any longer , and she had accepted that . 
 she now lived under a different roof . 
 she was ashamed that she had resisted the change for so long . 
 but that left her with a problem . 
 what honor was there for her now ? 
 no longer a maiden , not quite a wise one . 
 her entire identity had been wrapped up in those spears , her self forged into their steel as surely as the carbon that strengthened them . 
 she had grown from childhood certain that she would be far dareis mai . 
 indeed , she had joined the maidens as soon as possible . 
 she had been proud of her life and of her spear-sisters . 
 she would have served her clan and sept until the day when she finally fell to the spear , bleeding her last water onto the parched earth of the three-fold land . 
 this was not the three-fold land , and she had heard some algai 'd ` siswai wonder if the aiel would ever return there . 
 their lives had changed . 
 she did n't trust change . 
 it could n't be spotted or stabbed ; it was more silent than any scout , more deadly than any assassin . 
 no , she 'd never trust it , but she would accept it . 
 she would learn elayne 's ways and how to think like a chief . 
 she would find honor in her new life . 
 somehow . 
 `` they are no threat , '' whispered heirn , crouching with the true bloods on the other side of the maidens . 
 rhuarc watched the refugees , alert . 
 `` the dead walk , '' the taardad clan chief said , `` and men fall at random to sightblinder 's evil , their blood corrupted like the water of a bad well . 
 those might be poor folk fleeing the ravages of war . 
 or they might be something else . 
 we keep our distance . '' 
 aviendha glanced at the increasingly distant line of refugees . 
 she did not think rhuarc was right ; these were not ghosts or monsters . 
 there was always something ... wrong about those . 
 they left her with an itch , as if she were about to be attacked . 
 still , rhuarc was wise . 
 one learned to be careful in the three-fold land , where a tiny twig could kill . 
 the group of aiel slipped off the hilltop and down onto the brown-grassed plain beyond . 
 even after months spent in the wetlands , aviendha found the landscape strange . 
 trees here were tall and long-limbed , with too many buds . 
 when the aiel crossed patches of yellow spring grass among the fallen winter leaves , they all seemed so full of water that she half-expected the blades and leaves to burst beneath her feet . 
 she knew the wetlanders said that this spring was unnaturally slow starting , but already it was more fertile than her homeland . 
 in the three-fold land , this meadow-with the hills to provide watchpoints and shelter-would have immediately been seized by a sept and used for farming . 
 here , it was just one of a thousand different untouched patches of land . 
 the fault lay again in those cities . 
 the nearest ones were too distant from this location to make it a good spot for a wet-lander farmstead . 
 the eight aiel quickly crossed the grasses , weaving between hillsides , moving with speed and stealth . 
 horses could not match a man 's feet , what with their thunderous galloping . 
 terrible beasts-why did the wetlanders insist on riding them ? 
 baffling . 
 aviendha could begin to understand how a chief or queen must think , but she knew that she 'd never completely understand wetlanders . 
 they were just too strange . 
 even rand al ` thor . 
 especially rand al ` thor . 
 she smiled , thinking of his earnest eyes . 
 she remembered the scent of him-wetlander soaps , which smelled of oil , mixed with that particular earthy musk that was all his own . 
 she would marry him . 
 she was as determined as elayne in that regard ; now that they were first-sisters , they could marry him together as was proper . 
 only , how could aviendha marry anyone , now ? 
 her honor had been in her spears , but rand al ` thor now wore those at his waist , beaten and forged into a belt buckle , given to him by her own hand . 
 he had offered her marriage once . 
 a man ! 
 offering marriage ! 
 another of those strange wetlander customs . 
 even disregarding the strangeness of it-disregarding the insult his proposal had shown elayne-aviendha could never have accepted rand al ` thor as her husband . 
 could n't he understand that a woman must bring honor to a marriage ? 
 what could a mere apprentice offer ? 
 would he have her come to him as an inferior ? 
 it would shame her completely to do that ! 
 he must not have understood . 
 she did not think him cruel , only dense . 
 she would come to him when she was ready , then lay the bridal wreath at his feet . 
 and she could n't do that until she knew who she was . 
 the ways of ji'e ` toh were complex . 
 aviendha knew how to measure honor as a maiden , but wise ones were different creatures entirely . 
 she had thought she was gaining some small amount of honor in their eyes . 
 they had allowed her , for instance , to spend a great deal of time with her first-sister in caemlyn . 
 but then , suddenly , dorindha and nadere had arrived and informed aviendha that she had been ignoring her training . 
 they had seized her like a child caught listening furtively outside the sweat tent , towing her away to join the rest of her clan as they left for arad doman . 
 and now ... and now the wise ones treated her with less respect than they had before ! 
 they offered her no teaching . 
 somehow , she had misstepped in their eyes . 
 that made her stomach twist . 
 to shame herself before the other wise ones was almost as bad as showing fear before one as brave as elayne ! 
 so far , the wise ones had allowed aviendha some honor by letting her serve punishments , but she did n't know how she had shamed herself in the first place . 
 asking would-of course-only bring more shame . 
 until she unwove the problem , she could not meet her toh . 
 worse , there was a real danger of her making the mistake again . 
 until she sorted out this problem , she would remain an apprentice , and she would never be able to bring an honorable bridal wreath to rand al ` thor . 
 aviendha gritted her teeth . 
 another woman might have wept , but what good would that have done ? 
 whatever her mistake , she had brought it upon herself , and it was her duty to right it . 
 she would find honor again and she would marry rand al ` thor before he died at the last battle . 
 that meant that whatever it was she had to learn , she needed to do so quickly . 
 very quickly . 
 they met up with another group of aiel waiting in a small clearing amid a stand of pine trees . 
 the ground was thick with discarded brown needles , the sky broken by the towering trunks . 
 the group was small by the standards of clans and septs , barely two hundred people . 
 in the middle of the clearing stood four wise ones , each wearing the characteristic brown woolen skirt and white blouse . 
 aviendha wore similar attire , which now felt as natural to her as the cadin ` sor once had . 
 the scouting party split up , men and maidens moving to join members of their clans or societies . 
 rhuarc joined the wise ones , and aviendha followed him . 
 each of the wise ones-amys , bair , melaine , and nadere-gave her a glance . 
 bair , the only aiel with the group who was n't taardad or goshien , had arrived only recently , perhaps to coordinate with the others . 
 whatever the reason , none of them seemed pleased . 
 aviendha hesitated . 
 if she left now , would it seem as if she were trying to avoid their attention ? 
 did she instead dare stay , and risk incurring their further displeasure ? 
 `` well ? '' 
 amys said to rhuarc . 
 though amys had white hair , she looked quite young . 
 in her case , this was n't due to working the power - her hair had started turning silver when she 'd been a child . 
 `` it was as the scouts described , shade of my heart , '' rhuarc said . 
 `` another pitiful band of wetlander refugees . 
 i saw no hidden danger in them . '' 
 the wise ones nodded , as if this was what they had expected . 
 `` that is the tenth band of refugees in less than a week , '' said aged bair , her watery blue eyes thoughtful . 
 rhuarc nodded . 
 `` there are rumors of seanchan attacks on harbors to the west . 
 perhaps the people move inland to avoid the raids . '' 
 he glanced at amys . 
 `` this country boils like water spilled on a hearthstone . 
 the clans are uncertain what rand al ` thor wishes of them . '' 
 `` he was very clear , '' bair noted . 
 `` he will be pleased that you and dobraine taborwin secured bandar eban , as he asked . '' 
 rhuarc nodded . 
 `` but still , his intentions are not clear . 
 he asked for us to restore order . 
 are we then to be like wetlander city guardsmen ? 
 that is no place for the aiel . 
 we are not to conquer , so we do not get the fifth . 
 and yet it feels very much like conquest , what we do . 
 the car ` a ` carns orders can be clear yet confusing at the same time . 
 he has a gift in that area , i think . '' 
 bair smiled , nodding . 
 `` perhaps he intends for us to do something with these refugees . '' 
 `` and what would we do ? '' 
 amys asked , shaking her head . 
 `` are we shaido , expected to make gai ` sbain from wetlanders ? '' 
 her tone left little doubt as to what she thought of both shaido and the idea of making wet-landers gai ` sbain . 
 aviendha nodded in agreement . 
 as rhuarc said , the car ` a ` carn had sent them to arad doman to `` restore order . '' 
 but that was a wetlander concept ; aiel brought their own order with them . 
 there was chaos to war and battle , true , but each and every aiel understood his place , and would act within that place . 
 the little children understood honor and toh , and a hold would continue to function after all of the leaders and wise ones were killed . 
 it was not so with wetlanders . 
 they ran about like a basket of wild lizards suddenly dropped onto hot stones , taking no care for provisions when they fled . 
 as soon as their leaders were occupied or distracted , banditry and chaos ruled . 
 the strong took from the weak , and even blacksmiths were not safe . 
 what could rand al ` thor expect the aiel to do about it ? 
 they could not teach ji'e ` tob to an entire nation . 
 rand al ` thor had told them to avoid killing domani troops . 
 but those troops-often corrupt and turned to banditry themselves-were part of the problem . 
 `` perhaps he will explain more when we arrive at this manor house of his , '' said melaine , shaking her head , red-gold hair catching the light . 
 her pregnancy was just beginning to show beneath her wise one blouse . 
 `` and if he does not , then surely it is better for us to be here in arad doman than to spend yet more time lounging back in the land of the treekillers . '' 
 `` as you say , '' rhuarc agreed . 
 `` let us move on , then . 
 there is still a distance to run . '' 
 he moved off to speak with bael . 
 aviendha took a step away , but a harsh glance from amys made her freeze . 
 `` aviendha , '' said the hard , white-haired woman . 
 `` how many wise ones went with rhuarc to scout this refugee train ? '' 
 `` none but me , '' aviendha admitted . 
 `` oh , and are you a wise one now ? '' 
 bair asked . 
 `` no , '' aviendha said , quickly , then shamed herself further by blushing . 
 `` i spoke poorly . '' 
 `` then you shall be punished , '' bair said . 
 `` you are no longer a maiden , aviendha . 
 it is not your place to scout ; that is a task for others . '' 
 `` yes , wise one , '' aviendha said , looking down . 
 she had not thought that going with rhuarc would bring her shame-she had seen other wise ones do similar tasks . 
 but i am not a wise one , she reminded herself . 
 / am an apprentice only . 
 bair had not said that a wise one could not scout ; only that it had not been aviendha 's place to go . 
 it was about aviendha herself . 
 and about whatever it was she had done-or perhaps continued to do-to provoke the wise ones . 
 did they think she had grown soft by spending time with elayne ? 
 aviendha herself worried that that was true . 
 during her days in caem-lyn , she had begun to find herself enjoying the silks and baths . 
 by the end , she had objected only feebly when elayne had come up with an excuse to dress her in some impractical and frivolous garment with embroidery and lace . 
 it was well that the others had come for her . 
 the others just stood there , looking at her expectantly , faces like red desert stones , impassive and stern . 
 aviendha gritted her teeth again . 
 she would complete her apprenticeship and find honor . 
 she would . 
 the call came to begin moving , and cadin ` sor-c \ andd men and women did so , running together in small groups . 
 the wise ones moved as easily as the soldiers , despite their bulky skirts . 
 amys touched aviendha 's arm . 
 `` you will run with me so that we can discuss your punishment . '' 
 aviendha fell into pace beside the wise one at a brisk jog . 
 it was a speed any aiel could maintain almost indefinitely . 
 her group , from caem-lyn , had met up with rhuarc as he was traveling from bandar eban to meet with rand al ` thor in the western part of the country . 
 dobraine taborwin , a cairhienin , was still maintaining order in the capital city , where he 'd reportedly located a member of the domani ruling body . 
 perhaps the group of aiel could have traveled through a gateway the rest of the distance . 
 but it was not far-only a few days by foot-and they had left early enough to arrive at the appointed time without using the one power . 
 rhuarc wanted to scout for himself some of the landscape near the manor house rand al ` thor was using as a base . 
 other bodies of goshien or taardad aiel would join them at the base , using gateways , if needed . 
 `` what do you think of the car ` a ` carn 's demands of us here in arad doman , aviendha ? '' 
 amys asked as they ran . 
 aviendha stifled a frown . 
 what of her punishment ? 
 `` it is an irregular request , '' she said , `` but rand al ` thor has many strange ideas , even for a wetlander . 
 this will not be the most unusual duty he has set for us . '' 
 `` and the fact that rhuarc finds the duty discomforting ? '' 
 `` i doubt that the clan chief is uncomfortable , '' aviendha said . 
 `` i suspect that rhuarc speaks what he has heard others say , passing the information to the wise ones . 
 he does not wish to shame others by revealing who has spoken of their fears . '' 
 amys nodded . 
 what was the purpose of the questions ? 
 surely the woman had guessed the same thing . 
 she would not come to aviendha for counsel . 
 they ran in silence for a time , with no mention of punishments . 
 had the wise ones forgiven her unknown slight ? 
 surely they would n't dishonor her in that way . 
 aviendha had to be given time to think out what she had done , otherwise her shame would be unbearable . 
 she might err again , this time worse . 
 amys gave no clue as to her thoughts . 
 the wise one had been a maiden once , like aviendha . 
 she was hard , even for an aiel . 
 `` and al ` thor himself ? '' 
 amys asked . 
 `` what do you think of him ? '' 
 `` i love him , '' aviendha said . 
 `` i did not ask aviendha the silly girl , '' amys said curtly . 
 `` i asked aviendha the wise one . '' 
 `` he is a man of many burdens , '' aviendha said more carefully . 
 `` i fear that he makes many of those burdens heavier than they need be . 
 i once thought that there was only one way to be strong , but i have learned from my first-sister that i was wrong . 
 rand al ` thor ... i do not think he has learned this yet . 
 i worry that he mistakes hardness for strength . '' 
 amys nodded again , as if in approval . 
 were these questions a test of some sort ? 
 `` you would marry him ? '' 
 amys asked . 
 / thought ive were n't talking about aviendha the `` silly girl , '' aviendha thought , but of course did n't say it . 
 one did not say such things to amys . 
 `` i will marry him , '' she said instead . 
 `` it is not a possibility , but a certainty . '' 
 the tone earned her a glance from amys , but aviendha held her ground . 
 any wise one who misspoke deserved to be corrected . 
 `` and the wetlander min farshaw ? '' 
 amys asked . 
 `` she obviously loves him . 
 what will you do about her ? '' 
 `` she is my concern , '' aviendha said . 
 `` we will reach an accommodation . 
 i have spoken with min farshaw , and i believe she will be easy to work with . '' 
 `` you would become first-sisters with her as well ? '' 
 amys asked , sounding just faintly amused . 
 `` we will reach an accommodation , wise one . '' 
 `` and if you can not ? '' 
 `` we will , '' aviendha said firmly . 
 `` and how can you be so certain ? '' 
 aviendha hesitated . 
 part of her wished to return only silence to that question , passing the leafless brush thickets and giving amys no answer . 
 but she was just an apprentice , and while she could not be forced to speak , she knew that amys would keep pushing until the answer came out . 
 aviendha hoped she would not incur too much toh by her response . 
 `` you know of the woman min 's viewings ? '' 
 aviendha said . 
 amys nodded . 
 `` one of those viewings relates to rand al ` thor and the three women he will love . 
 another relates to my children by the car ` a ` cam . '' 
 she said no more , and amys pressed no more . 
 it was enough . 
 both knew that one would sooner find a stone dog who would retreat than find a viewing of min 's that went wrong . 
 on one hand , it was good to know that rand al ` thor would be hers , although she would have to share him . 
 she did not begrudge elayne , of course , but min ... well , aviendha did not really know her . 
 regardless , the viewing was a comfort . 
 but it was also bothersome . 
 aviendha loved rand al ` thor because she chose to , not because she was destined to . 
 of course , min 's viewing did n't guarantee that aviendha would actually be able to marry rand , so perhaps she had misspoken to amys . 
 yes , he would love three women and three women would love him , but would aviendha find a way to marry him ? 
 no , the future was not certain , and for some reason that brought her comfort . 
 perhaps she should have worried , but she did not . 
 she would get her honor back , and then she would marry rand al ` thor . 
 perhaps he would die soon after , but perhaps an ambush would come and she would fall to an arrow this day . 
 worrying solved nothing . 
 toh , however , was another matter . 
 `` i misspoke , wise one , '' aviendha said . 
 `` i implied that the viewing said i would marry rand al ` thor . 
 that is not true . 
 all three of us will love him , and while that implies marriage , i do not know for certain . '' 
 amys nodded . 
 there was no toh ; aviendha had corrected herself quickly enough . 
 that was well . 
 she would not add more shame on top of what she had already earned . 
 `` very well , then , '' amys said , watching the path ahead of her . 
 `` let us discuss today 's punishment . '' 
 aviendha relaxed slightly . 
 so she still had time to discover what she had done wrong . 
 wetlanders often seemed confused by aiel ways with punishment , but wetlanders had little understanding of honor . 
 honor did n't come from being punished , but accepting a punishment and bearing it restored honor . 
 that was the soul of toh-the willing lowering of oneself in order to recover that which had been lost . 
 it was strange to her that wetlanders could n't see this ; indeed , it was strange that they did n't follow ji'e ` toh instinctively . 
 what was life without honor ? 
 amys , rightly , would n't tell aviendha what she had done wrong . 
 however , she was having no success thinking through the answer on her own , and it would cause less shame if she discovered the answer through conversation . 
 `` yes , '' aviendha said carefully . 
 `` i should be punished . 
 my time in caemlyn threatened to make me weak . '' 
 amys sniffed . 
 `` you are no more weak than you were when you carried the spears , girl . 
 a fair bit stronger , i should think . 
 your time with your first-sister was important for you . '' 
 so that was n't it . 
 when dorindha and nadere had come for her , they had said she needed to continue her training as an apprentice . 
 yet in the time since the aiel had departed for arad doman , aviendha had been given no lessons . 
 she had been assigned to carry water , to mend shawls , and to serve tea . 
 she had been given all manner of punishments with little explanation of what she had done wrong . 
 and when she did something obvious-like going scouting when she should n't have-the severity of her punishment was always greater than the infraction should have merited . 
 it was almost as if the punishment was the thing the wise ones wanted her to learn , but that could not be . 
 she was not some wetlander who needed to be taught the ways of honor . 
 what good would constant and unexplained punishment do , other than to warn of some grave mistake she had made ? 
 amys reached to her side , untying something hanging at her waist . 
 the woolen bag she held up was about the size of a fist . 
 `` we have decided , '' she said , `` that we have been too lax in our instruction . 
 time is precious and we have no room left for delicacy . '' 
 aviendha covered her surprise . 
 their previous punishments were delicate ? 
 `` therefore , '' amys said , handing over the small sack , `` you will take this . 
 inside are seeds . 
 some are black , others are brown , others are white . 
 this evening , before we sleep , you will separate the colors , then count how many there are of each one . 
 if you are wrong , we will mix them together and you will start again . '' 
 aviendha found herself gaping , and she nearly stumbled to a stop . 
 hauling water was necessary work . 
 mending clothing was necessary work . 
 cooking meals was important work , particularly when no gai ` sbain had been brought with the small advance group . 
 but this ... this was useless work ! 
 it was not only unimportant , it was frivolous . 
 it was the kind of punishment reserved for only the most stubborn , or most shameful , of people . 
 it almost ... almost felt as though the wise ones were calling her da ` tsang \ `` by sightblinder 's eyes , '' she whispered as she forced herself to keep running . 
 `` what did i do ? '' 
 amys glanced at her , and aviendha looked away . 
 both knew that she did n't want an answer to that question . 
 she took the bag silently . 
 it was the most humiliating punishment she had ever been given . 
 amys moved off to run with the other wise ones . 
 aviendha shook off her stupor , her determination returning . 
 her mistake must have been more profound than she had thought . 
 amys punishment was an indication of that , a hint . 
 she opened the bag and glanced inside . 
 there were three little empty algode bags inside to help with the separation , and thousands of tiny seeds nearly engulfed them . 
 this punishment was meant to be seen , meant to bring her shame . 
 whatever she 'd done , it was offensive not just to the wise ones , but to all around her , even if they-like aviendha herself - were ignorant of it . 
 that only meant she had to be more determined . 
 chapter 4 nightfall gawyn watched the sun burn the clouds to death in the west , the final light fading . 
 that haze of perpetual gloom kept the sun itself shrouded . 
 just as it hid the stars from his sight at night . 
 today the clouds were unnaturally high in the air . 
 often , dragonmount 's tip would be hidden on cloudy days , but this thick , gray haze hovered high enough that most of the time , it barely brushed the mountain 's jagged , broken tip . 
 `` let 's engage them , '' jisao whispered from where he crouched beside gawyn on the hilltop . 
 gawyn glanced away from the sunset , back toward the small village below . 
 it should have been still , save perhaps for a goodman checking on his livestock one last time before turning in . 
 it should have been dim , unlit save for a few tallow candles burning in windows as people finished evening meals . 
 but it was not dim . 
 it was not quiet . 
 the village was alight with angry torches carried by a dozen sturdy figures . 
 by that torchlight and the light of the dying sun , gawyn could make out that each was wearing a nondescript uniform of brown and black . 
 gawyn could n't see the three-starred insignia on their uniforms , but he knew it was there . 
 from his distant vantage , gawyn watched a few latecomers stumble from their homes , looking frightened and worried as they gathered with the others in the crowded square . 
 these villagers welcomed the armed force with reluctance . 
 women clutched children , men were careful to keep their eyes downcast . 
 `` we do n't want trouble , '' the postures said . 
 they 'd undoubtedly heard from other villages that these invaders were orderly . 
 the soldiers paid for goods they took , and no young men were pressed into service-though they were n't turned away either . 
 a very odd invading army indeed . 
 however , gawyn knew what the people would think . 
 this army was led by aes sedai , and who could say what was odd or normal when aes sedai were involved ? 
 there were no sisters with this particular patrol , thank the light . 
 the soldiers polite , but stern , lined up the villagers and looked them over . 
 then a pair of soldiers entered each house and barn , inspecting it . 
 nothing was taken and nothing was broken . 
 all very neat and cordial . 
 gawyn could almost hear the officer offering apologies to the village mayor . 
 `` gawyn ? '' 
 jisao asked . 
 `` i count barely a dozen of them . 
 if we send rodic 's squad to come in from the north , we 'll cut off both sides and smash them between us . 
 it 's getting dark enough that they wo n't see us coming . 
 we could take them without so much as running up a lather . '' 
 `` and the villagers ? '' 
 gawyn asked . 
 `` there are children down there . '' 
 `` that has n't stopped us other times . '' 
 `` those times were different , '' gawyn said , shaking his head . 
 `` the last three villages they 've searched point a direct line toward dorian . 
 if this group vanishes , the next one will wonder what it was they nearly uncovered . 
 we 'd draw the entire army 's eye in this direction . '' 
 `` but - '' `` no , '' gawyn said softly . 
 `` we have to know when to fall back , jisao . '' 
 `` so we came all this way for nothing . '' 
 `` we came all this way for an opportunity , '' gawyn said , backing away from the hilltop , making certain he did n't show a profile on the horizon . 
 `` and now that i 've inspected that opportunity , we 're not going to take it . 
 only a fool looses his arrow just because he 's got a bird in front of him . '' 
 `` why would n't you loose it if it 's right there in front of you ? '' 
 jisao asked as he joined gawyn . 
 `` because sometimes the prize is n't worth the arrow , '' gawyn said . 
 `` come on . '' 
 below , waiting in the dark with lanterns hooded , were some of the very men the soldiers in the village were searching for . 
 gareth bryne must have been very displeased to learn there was a harrying force hiding somewhere nearby . 
 he 'd been diligent in trying to flush it out , but the countryside near tar valon was liberally sprinkled with villages , forests and secluded valleys that could hide a small , mobile strike force . 
 so far , gawyn had managed to keep his younglings out of sight while pulling off the occasional raid or ambush on bryne 's forces . 
 there was only so much you could do with three hundred men , however . 
 particularly when you faced one of the five great captains . 
 am i destined to end up fighting against each and every man who has been a mentor to me ? 
 gawyn took the reins of his horse and gave a silent order to withdraw by raising his right hand , then gestured sharply away from the village . 
 the men moved without comment , dismounting and leading their mounts for both stealth and safety . 
 gawyn had thought he was over hammar and coulin 's deaths ; bryne himself had taught gawyn that the battlefield sometimes made allies into sudden foes . 
 gawyn had fought his former teachers , and gawyn had won . 
 that was the end of it . 
 recently , however , his mind seemed determined to dredge up those corpses and carry them about . 
 why now , after so long ? 
 he suspected his sense of guilt had to do with facing bryne , his first and most influential instructor in the arts of war . 
 gawyn shook his head as he guided challenge across the darkening landscape ; he kept his men away from the road in case bryne 's scouts had placed watchers . 
 the fifty men around gawyn walked as quietly as possible , the horses ' hoofbeats deadened by the springy earth . 
 if bryne had been shocked to discover a harrying force striking at his outriders , then gawyn had been equally shocked to discover those three stars on the uniforms of the men he slew . 
 how had the white tower 's enemies recruited the greatest military mind in all of andor ? 
 and what was the captain-general of the queen 's guard doing fighting with a group of aes sedai rebels in the first place ? 
 he should have been in caemlyn protecting elayne . 
 light send that elayne had arrived in andor . 
 she could n't still be with the rebels . 
 not with her homeland lacking a queen . 
 her duty to andor outweighed her duty to the white tower . 
 and what of your duty , gawyn trakand ? 
 he thought to himself . 
 he was n't certain he had duty , or honor , left to him . 
 perhaps his guilt about hammar , his nightmares of war and death at dumai 's wells , were due to the slow realization that he might have given his allegiance to the wrong side . 
 his loyalty belonged to elayne and egwene . 
 what , then , was he still doing fighting a battle he did n't care about , helping a side that-by all accounts-was opposed to the one elayne and egwene had chosen ? 
 they 're just accepted , he told himself . 
 elayne and egwene did n't choose this side-they are just doing what they 've been ordered to do ! 
 but the things that egwene had said to him all those months ago , back in cairhien , suggested that she had made her decision willingly . 
 she had chosen a side . 
 hammar had chosen a side . 
 gareth bryne had , apparently , chosen a side . 
 but gawyn continued to want to be on both sides . 
 the division was ripping him apart . 
 an hour out of the village , gawyn gave the order to mount and take to the road . 
 hopefully , bryne 's scouts would n't think to search the land outside the village . 
 if they did , the tracks of fifty horsemen would be hard to miss . 
 there was no avoiding that . 
 the best thing now was to reach firm ground , where the signs of their passing would be hidden by a thousand years of footfalls and traffic . 
 two pairs of soldiers rode off in front and two pairs hung back to watch . 
 the rest maintained their silence , though their horses now pounded a thunderous gallop . 
 none asked why they were withdrawing , but gawyn knew that they were wondering , just as jisao had . 
 they were good men . 
 perhaps too good . 
 as they rode , rajar pulled his mount up beside gawyn 's . 
 just a few months ago , rajar had been a youth . 
 but now gawyn could n't think of him as anything other than a soldier . 
 a veteran . 
 some men gained experience through years spent living . 
 other men gained experience through months spent watching their friends die . 
 glancing upward , gawyn missed the stars . 
 they hid their faces from him behind those clouds . 
 like aiel behind black veils . 
 `` where did we go wrong , rajar ? '' 
 gawyn asked as they rode . 
 `` wrong , lord gawyn ? '' 
 rajar asked . 
 `` i do n't know that we did anything wrong . 
 we could n't have known which villages that patrol would choose to inspect , or that they would n't turn along the old wagonright road , as you had hoped . 
 some of the men may be confused , but it was right to withdraw . '' 
 `` i was n't talking about the raid , ' gawyn said , shaking his head . 
 `` i 'm talking about this whole bloody situation . 
 you should n't have to go on supply raids or spend your time killing scouts ; you should have become a warder to some freshly minted aes sedai by now . '' 
 and i should be back in caemlyn , with elayne . 
 `` the wheel weaves as the wheel wills , '' the shorter man said . 
 `` well , it wove us into a hole , '' gawyn muttered , glancing at the overcast sky once again . 
 `` and elaida does n't seem too eager to pull us out of it . '' 
 rajar looked at gawyn reproachfully . 
 `` the white tower 's methods are its own , lord gawyn , and so are its motives . 
 it is n't for us to question . 
 what good is a warder who questions the orders of his aes sedai ? 
 a good way to get both of you killed , that is . '' 
 you 're not a warder , rajar . 
 that 's the problem ! 
 gawyn said nothing . 
 none of the other younglings seemed to be plagued with these questions . 
 to them , the world was much simpler . 
 one did as the white tower , and the amyrlin seat , commanded . 
 never mind if those commands seemed designed to get you killed . 
 three hundred youths against a force of over fifty thousand hardened soldiers , commanded by gareth bryne himself ? 
 will of the amyrlin or not , that was a deathtrap . 
 the only reason the younglings had survived as long as they had was because of gawyn 's familiarity with his teacher 's ways . 
 he knew where bryne would send patrols and outriding scouts , and knew how to evade his search patterns . 
 it was still a futile effort . 
 gawyn did n't have nearly the troops needed for a true harrying force , particularly with bryne entrenched in his siege . 
 beyond that , there was the remarkable matter of the army 's complete lack of a supply line . 
 how were they getting food ? 
 they purchased supplies from the surrounding villages , but not nearly enough to feed themselves . 
 how could they possibly have carried all they needed while still moving quickly enough to appear , without warning , in the middle of winter ? 
 gawyn 's attacks were next to meaningless . 
 it was enough to make a man think that the amyrlin just wanted him , and the other younglings , out of the way . 
 before dumai 's wells , gawyn had suspected that was the case . 
 now he was growing certain . 
 and yet you continue to follow her orders , he thought to himself . 
 he shook his head . 
 bryne 's scouts were getting dangerously close to his base of operations , and gawyn could n't risk killing any more of them without giving himself away . 
 it was time to head back to dorian . 
 perhaps the aes sedai there would have a suggestion on how to proceed . 
 he hunkered down on his horse and continued riding into the night . 
 light , i wish i could see the stars , he thought . 
 chapter 5 a tale of blood rand crossed the trampled manor green , banners flapping before him , tents surrounding him , horses whinnying in their pickets on the far west side . 
 in the air hung the scents of an efficient war camp : smoke and savor from the stewpots were much stronger than the occasional whiff of horse dung or an unwashed body . 
 bashere 's men maintained a tidy camp , busying themselves with the hundreds of little tasks that allowed the army to function : sharpening swords , oiling leathers , mending saddles , fetching water from the stream . 
 some practiced charges to the left , on the far side of the green , in the space between tent lines and the scraggly trees growing alongside the stream . 
 the men held gleaming lances at the level as their horses trampled the muddy ground in a long swath . 
 the maneuvers not only kept their skills sharp , but exercised the horses as well . 
 as always , rand was trailed by a flock of attendants . 
 maidens were his guards , and the aiel watched the saldaean soldiers with wariness . 
 beside him were several aes sedai . 
 they were always about him , now . 
 the pattern had no place for his onetime insistence that all aes sedai be kept at arm 's length . 
 it wove as it willed , and experience had shown that rand needed these aes sedai . 
 what he wanted no longer mattered . 
 he understood that now . 
 it was little comfort that many of these aes sedai in his camp had sworn allegiance to him . 
 everyone knew that aes sedai followed their oaths in their own ways , and they would decide what their `` fealty '' to him would require . 
 elza penfell-who accompanied him this day-was one of those who had sworn to him . 
 of the green ajah , she had a face that might be considered pretty , if one did n't recognize the ageless quality that marked her as aes sedai . 
 she was pleasant , for an aes sedai , despite the fact that she had helped kidnap rand and lock him in a box for days , to be pulled out only for the occasional beating . 
 in the back of his mind , lews therin growled . 
 that was past . 
 elza had sworn . 
 that was enough to allow rand to use her . 
 the other woman attending him today was less predictable ; she was a member of cadsuane 's retinue . 
 corele hovian-a slim yellow with blue eyes , wild dark hair , and a perpetual smile-had sworn no oaths to do as he said . 
 despite that , he felt a temptation to trust her , since she had once tried to save his life . 
 it was only because of her , samitsu and damer flinn that rand had survived . 
 one of two wounds in rand 's side that would not heal-a gift from padan fain 's cursed dagger-still lingered as a reminder of that day . 
 the constant pain of that festering evil overlaid the equal pain of an older wound beneath , the one rand had taken while fighting ishamael so long ago . 
 soon , one of those wounds-or perhaps both-would spill rand 's blood onto the rocks of shayol ghul . 
 he was n't certain if they would be what killed him or not ; with the number and variety of the different factors competing to take rand 's life , even mat would n't have known which one was the best bet . 
 as soon as rand thought of mat , the colors swirled in his vision , forming into the image of a wiry , brown-eyed man wearing a wide-brimmed hat and tossing dice before a small crowd of watching soldiers . 
 mat wore a grin and seemed to be showing off , which was not unusual , though there did n't seem to be any coin changing hands for his throws . 
 the visions came whenever he thought of mat or perrin , and rand had stopped dismissing them . 
 he did not know what caused the images to appear ; probably his ta ` veren nature interacting with the other two ta ` veren from his home village . 
 whatever it was , he used it . 
 just another tool . 
 it appeared that mat was still with the band , but was no longer camped in a forested land . 
 it was hard to tell from the angle , but he looked to be outside a city somewhere . 
 at least , that was a large road in the near distance . 
 rand had not seen the small , dark-skinned woman with mat for some time . 
 who was she ? 
 where had she gone ? 
 the vision faded . 
 hopefully , mat would return to him soon . 
 he would need mat and his tactical skills at shayol ghul . 
 one of bashere 's quartermasters-a thick-mustached man with bowlegs and a squat body-saw rand and approached with a quick step . 
 rand waved the saldaean back ; he had no mind for supply reports at the moment . 
 the quartermaster saluted immediately and retreated . 
 once , rand might have been surprised at how quickly he was obeyed , but no longer . 
 it was right for the soldiers to obey . 
 rand was a king , though he did n't wear the crown of swords at the moment . 
 rand passed through the green , filled with tents and horse pickets now . 
 he left the camp , passing the unfinished earthen bulwark . 
 here , pine trees continued down the sides of the gentle slope . 
 tucked into a stand of trees just to the right was the traveling ground , a square section of ground roped off to provide a safe location for gateways . 
 one hung in the air at that moment , an opening to another place . 
 a small group of people was making their way through , walking out onto the pinecone-strewn ground . 
 rand could see the weaves that made up the gateway ; this one had been crafted with saidin . 
 most of the people in the group wore the colorful clothing of sea folk-the men bare-chested , even in the chill spring air , the women in loose bright blouses . 
 all wore loose trousers , and all had piercings in their ears or noses , the complexity of the adornments an indication of each person 's relative status . 
 as he waited for the sea folk , one of the soldiers who guarded the traveling ground approached rand with a sealed letter . 
 the letter would be one sent via asha ` man from one of rand 's interests in the east . 
 indeed , as he opened it , he found it was from darlin , the tairen king . 
 rand had left him with orders to gather an army and prepare it for marching into arad doman . 
 that gathering had been completed for some time now , and darlin wondered-yet again-about his orders . 
 could no one simply do as they were told ? 
 `` send a messenger , '' rand said to the soldier , impatiently tucking the letter away . 
 `` tell darlin to continue recruiting . 
 i want him to draft every tairen who can hold a sword and either train him for combat or set him to work in the forges . 
 the last battle is close . 
 very close . '' 
 `` yes , my lord dragon , '' the soldier said , saluting . 
 `` tell him that i will send an asha ` man when i want him to move , '' rand said . 
 `` i still intend to use him in arad doman , but i need to see what the aiel have discovered first . '' 
 the soldier bowed and retreated . 
 rand turned back to the sea folk . 
 one of them approached him . 
 `` coramoor , '' she said , nodding . 
 harine was a handsome woman in her middle years , with white streaking her hair . 
 her atha'an miere blouse was of a bright blue , colorful enough to impress a tinker , and she had an impressive five gold rings in each ear as well as a nose chain strung with gold medallions . 
 `` i did not expect you to come and meet us personally , '' harine continued . 
 `` i have questions for you that could not wait . '' 
 harine looked taken aback . 
 she was the sea folk ambassador to the coramoor , which was their name for rand . 
 they were angry with rand for the weeks he had spent without a sea folk minder-he had promised to keep one with him at all times-yet logain had mentioned their hesitation to send harine back . 
 why was that ? 
 had she achieved greater rank , making her too important to attend him ? 
 could one be too important to attend the coramoor ? 
 much about the sea folk made little sense to him . 
 `` i will answer if i can , '' harine said guardedly . 
 behind her , porters moved the rest of her belongings through the gateway . 
 flinn stood on the other side , holding the portal open . 
 `` good , '' rand said , pacing back and forth before her as he spoke . 
 at times , he felt so tired-so weary to his bones-that he knew he had to keep moving . 
 never stopping . 
 if he did , his enemies would find him . 
 either that , or his own exhaustion , both mental and physical , would drag him down . 
 `` tell me this , '' he demanded as he paced . 
 `` where are the ships which have been promised ? 
 the domani people starve while grain rots in the east . 
 logain said you had agreed to my demands , but i have seen nothing of your ships . 
 it has been weeks ! '' 
 `` our ships are swift , '' harine said testily , `` but there is a great distance to travel-and we must go through seas controlled by the seanchan . 
 the invaders have been extremely diligent with their patrols , and our ships have had to turn back and flee on several occasions . 
 did you expect that we would be able bring your food in an instant ? 
 perhaps the convenience of these gateways has made you impatient , coramoor . 
 we must deal with the realities of shipping and war even if you do not . '' 
 her tone implied that he would have to deal with those realities in this case . 
 `` i expect results , '' rand said , shaking his head . 
 `` i expect no delays . 
 i know you do not like being forced to keep your agreement , but i will suffer no lagging to prove a point . 
 people die because of your slowness . '' 
 harine looked as if she 'd been slapped . 
 `` surely , '' she said , `` the coramoor does not imply that we would not keep to our bargain . '' 
 the sea folk were stubborn and prideful , wavemistresses more than most . 
 they were like an entire race of aes sedai . 
 he hesitated . 
 i should not insult her so , not because i am frustrated about other things . 
 `` no , '' he finally said . 
 `` no , i do not imply that . 
 tell me , harine , were you punished much for your part in our agreement ? '' 
 `` i was hung up by my ankles nak * d and strapped until i could scream no more . '' 
 as soon as the words left her mouth , her eyes opened in shock . 
 often , when influenced by rand 's ta ` veren nature , people said things they did not intend to admit . 
 `` so harsh ? '' 
 rand said , genuinely surprised . 
 `` it was not so bad as it could have been . 
 i retain my position as wavemistress for my clan . '' 
 but it was obvious she had lost a great deal of face , or incurred great toh , or whatever the blasted sea folk called honor . 
 even when he was n't present , he caused pain and suffering ! 
 `` i am glad you have returned , '' he forced himself to say . 
 no smile , but a softer tone . 
 that was the best he could do . 
 `` you have impressed me , harine , with your levelheadedness . '' 
 she nodded in thanks to him . 
 `` we will keep our bargain , coramoor . 
 you need n't fear . '' 
 something else struck him , one of the original questions he 'd come to ask her . 
 `` harine . 
 i would ask you a somewhat delicate question about your people . '' 
 `` you may ask , '' she said carefully . 
 `` how do the sea folk treat men who can channel ? '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` that is not a matter for the shorebound to know . '' 
 rand met her eyes . 
 `` if you agree to answer , then i will answer a question for you in return . '' 
 the best way to deal with the atha'an miere was not to push or bully , but to offer trade . 
 she paused . 
 `` if you give me two questions , '' she said , `` i will answer . '' 
 `` i will give you one question , harine , '' he said , raising a finger . 
 `` but i promise to answer you as truthfully as i can . 
 it is a fair bargain , and you know it . 
 i have little patience right now . '' 
 harine touched her fingers to her lips . 
 `` it is agreed , then , under the light . '' 
 `` it is agreed , '' rand said . 
 `` under the light . 
 my question ? '' 
 `` men who can channel are given a choice , '' harine said . 
 `` they can either step from the bow of their ship holding a stone which is also tied to their legs , or they can be dropped off on a barren isle with no food or water . 
 the second is considered the more shameful option , but some few do take it , to live for a brief time longer . '' 
 not much different from what his own people did in gentling men , truth be told . 
 `` saidin is cleansed now , '' he said to her . 
 `` this practice must stop . '' 
 she pursed her lips , regarding him . 
 `` your ... man spoke of this , coramoor . 
 some find it difficult to accept . '' 
 `` it is true , '' he said firmly . 
 `` i do not doubt that you believe it to be so . '' 
 rand gritted his teeth , forcing down another burst of anger , his hand forming a fist . 
 he had cleansed the taint ! 
 he , rand al ` thor , had performed a deed the likes of which had not been seen since the age of legends . 
 and how was it treated ? 
 with suspicion and doubt . 
 most assumed that he was going mad , and therefore seeing a `` cleansing '' that had not really happened . 
 men who could channel were always distrusted . 
 yet they were the only ones who could confirm what rand said ! 
 he 'd imagined joy and wonder at the victory , but he should have known better . 
 though male aes sedai had once been as respected as their female counterparts , that had been long ago . 
 the days of jorlen corbesan had been lost in time . 
 all people could remember now was the breaking and the madness . 
 they hated male channelers . 
 yet , in following rand , they served one . 
 did they not see the contradiction ? 
 how could he convince them that there was no longer reason to murder men who could touch the one power ? 
 he needed them ! 
 why , there might be another jorlen corbesan among the very men the sea folk tossed into the ocean ! 
 he froze . 
 jorlen corbesan had been one of the most talented aes sedai before the breaking , a man who had crafted some of the most amazing ter ` angreal rand had ever seen . 
 except rand had not seen them . 
 those were lews therin 's memories , not his . 
 jorlen s research facility of sharom had been destroyed-the man himself killed-by the backlash of power from the bore . 
 oh , light , rand thought with despair . 
 i 'm losing myself . 
 losing myself in him . 
 the most terrifying part was that rand could no longer make himself wish to banish lews therin . 
 lews therin had known a way to seal the bore , if imperfectly , but rand had no idea how to approach the task . 
 the safety of the world might depend on the memories of a dead madman . 
 many of the people around rand appeared shocked , and harine 's eyes were both uncomfortable and a little frightened . 
 rand had been muttering to himself again , he realized , and he cut off abruptly . 
 `` i accept your answer , '' he said stiffly . 
 `` what is your question of me ? '' 
 `` i will ask it later , '' she said . 
 `` once i have had a chance to consider . '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 he turned away , his retinue of aes sedai , maidens and attendants following . 
 `` the traveling ground guards will see you to your room and carry your luggage . '' 
 there was a veritable mountain of that . 
 `` flinn , to me ! '' 
 the elderly asha ` man jumped through the gateway , motioning for the last of the porters to trot back to the docks on the other side . 
 he let the portal twist back into a slash of light and vanish , then hurried after rand . 
 he spared a glance and a smile for corele , who had bonded him as her warder . 
 `` i apologize for taking so long to return , lord dragon . '' 
 flinn had a leathery face and only a few wisps of hair on his head . 
 he looked a lot like some of the farmers rand had known back in emond 's field , though he had been a soldier for most of his life . 
 flinn had come to rand because he wanted to learn healing . 
 rand had turned him into a weapon instead . 
 `` you did as ordered , '' rand said , walking back toward the green . 
 he wanted to blame harine for the prejudices of an entire world , but that was not fair . 
 he needed a better way , a way to make everyone see . 
 `` i 've never been exceptional at making gateways , '' flinn continued . 
 `` not like androl . 
 i needed to - '' `` flinn , '' rand said , cutting in . 
 `` enough . '' 
 the asha ` man blushed . 
 `` i apologize , my lord dragon . '' 
 to the side , corele laughed softly , patting flinn on the shoulder . 
 `` do n't mind him , darner , ' she said in a lilting murandian accent . 
 `` he 's been as surly as a winter thunderhead all morning . '' 
 rand glared at her , but she just smiled good-naturedly . 
 regardless of what the aes sedai thought of men who could channel in general , the ones who had taken asha ` man as warders seemed as protective of them as mothers of their children . 
 she had bonded one of his men , but that did not change the fact that flinn was one of his men . 
 an asha ` man first and foremost , a warder second . 
 `` what do you think , elza ? '' 
 rand said , turning from corele to the other aes sedai . 
 `` about the taint and what harine said ? '' 
 the round-faced woman hesitated . 
 she walked with hands behind her back , dark green dress marked only by subtle embroideries . 
 utilitarian , for an aes sedai . 
 `` if my lord dragon says that the taint has been cleansed , '' the woman said carefully , `` then it is certainly improper to express doubt of him where others can hear . '' 
 rand grimaced . 
 an aes sedai answer for certain . 
 oath or no oath , elza did as she wished . 
 `` oh , we were both there at shadar logoth , '' corele said , rolling her eyes . 
 `` we saw what you did , rand . 
 besides , i can feel male power through dear damer here when we link . 
 it has changed . 
 the taint is gone . 
 right as sunlight , it is , though channeling the male half still feels like wrestling with a summer whirlwind . '' 
 `` yes , '' elza said , `` but be that as it is , you must realize how difficult it will be for others to believe this , lord dragon . 
 during the time of madness , it took decades for some people to accept that the male aes sedai were doomed to go insane . 
 it will likely take longer for them to overcome their distrust , now that it has been ingrained for so long . '' 
 rand gritted his teeth . 
 he had reached a small hill at the side of the camp , just beside the bulwark . 
 he continued up to the top , aes sedai following . 
 here , a short wooden platform had been erected-a fire tower for launching arrows over the bulwark . 
 rand stopped at the top of the hill , maidens surrounding him . 
 he barely noticed the soldiers who saluted him as he looked over the sal-daean camp with its neat tent lines . 
 was this all he would leave to the world ? 
 a taint cleansed , yet men still killed or exiled for something they could not help ? 
 he had bound most nations to him . 
 yet he knew well that the tighter one tied a bale , the sharper the snap of the cords when they were cut . 
 what would happen when he died ? 
 wars and devastation to match the breaking ? 
 he had n't been able to help that last time , for his madness and grief at hyena 's death had consumed him . 
 could he prevent something similar this time ? 
 did he have a choice ? 
 he was ta ` veren . 
 the pattern bent and shaped around him . 
 and yet , he had quickly learned one thing from being a king : the more authority you gained , the less control you had over your life . 
 duty was truly heavier than a mountain ; it forced his hand as often as the prophecies did . 
 or were they both one and the same ? 
 duty and prophecy ? 
 his nature as a ta ` veren and his place in history ? 
 could he change his life ? 
 could he leave the world better for his passing , rather than leaving the nations scarred , torn and bleeding ? 
 he watched the camp , men moving about their tasks , horses nosing at the ground , searching for patches of winter grass that had not already been chewed to their roots . 
 though rand had ordered this army to travel light , there were still camp followers . 
 women to help with meals and laundry , blacksmiths and farriers to tend horses and equipment , young boys to run messages and to train on the weapons . 
 saldaea was a borderland , and battle was a way of life for its people . 
 `` i envy them , sometimes , '' rand whispered . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 flinn asked , stepping up to him . 
 `` the people of the camp , '' rand said . 
 `` they do as they are told , working each day under orders . 
 strict orders , at times . 
 but orders or not , those people are more free than i. '' `` you , lord ? '' 
 flinn said , rubbing his leathery face with an aged finger . 
 `` you are the most powerful man alive ! 
 you 're ta ` veren . 
 even the pattern obeys your will , 1 should think ! '' 
 rand shook his head . 
 `` it does n't work that way , flinn . 
 those people out there , any one of them could just ride away . 
 escape , if they felt like it . 
 leave the battle to others . '' 
 `` i 've known a few saldaeans in my day , my lord , '' flinn said . 
 `` forgive me , but i have doubts that any one of them would do that . '' 
 `` but they could '' rand said . 
 `` it 's possible . 
 for all their laws and oaths , they are free . 
 me , i seem as if i can do as i wish , but i am tied so tightly the bonds cut my flesh . 
 my power and influence are meaningless against fate . 
 my freedom is all just an illusion , flinn . 
 and so i envy them . 
 sometimes . '' 
 flinn folded his hands behind his back , obviously uncertain how to respond . 
 we all do as we must , moiraine 's voice from the past returned to his memory . 
 as the pattern decrees . 
 for some there is less freedom than for others . 
 it does not matter whether we choose or are chosen . 
 what must be , must be . 
 she had understood . 
 i 'm trying , moiraine , he thought . 
 i will do what must be done . 
 `` my lord dragon ! '' 
 a voice called . 
 rand turned toward the sound and saw one of bashere 's scouts running up the hill . 
 the maidens cautiously allowed the youthful , dark-haired man to approach . 
 `` my lord , '' the scout said , saluting . 
 `` there are aiel on the outskirts of the camp . 
 we saw two of them prowling through the trees about half a mile down the slope . '' 
 the maidens immediately began to move their hands , speaking in their clandestine handtalk . 
 `` did any of those aiel wave at you , soldier ? '' 
 rand asked dryly . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 the man asked . 
 `` why would they do that ? '' 
 `` they 're aiel . 
 if you saw them , that means they wanted you to-and that means they 're allies , not foes . 
 inform bashere that we 'll be meeting with rhuarc and bael shortly . 
 it is time to secure arad doman . '' 
 or maybe it was time to destroy it . 
 sometimes , it was difficult to tell the difference . 
 merise spoke . 
 `` graendal 's plans . 
 tell me again what you know of them . '' 
 the tall aes sedai-of the green ajah , like cadsuane herself-maintained a stern expression , arms folded beneath her br ** sts , a silver comb slid into the side of her black hair . 
 the taraboner woman was a good choice to lead the interrogation . 
 or , at least , she was the best choice cadsuane had . 
 merise did n't show a bit of discomfort at being so near to one of the most feared beings in all of creation , and she was relentless in her questioning . 
 she did try a little too hard to prove how stern she was . 
 the way she kept her hair pulled back into its bun with such force , for instance , or the way she flaunted her asha ` man warder . 
 the room was on the second floor of rand al ` thor 's domani mansion , the outer wall made of thick round pine logs , the inner walls of wood planks , all stained a matching dark color . 
 this chamber , which had once been a bedroom , had been emptied of nearly all furniture ; there was not even a rug on the sanded wood floor . 
 in fact , the only furniture in it now was the stout chair cadsuane sat in . 
 cadsuane sipped her tea , intentionally projecting an air of composure . 
 that was important , especially if one was n't anything near composed on the inside . 
 at the moment , for instance , cadsuane wanted to crush the teacup between her hands , then perhaps spend an hour or so stamping on the shards . 
 she took another sip . 
 the source of her frustration-and the object of merise 's questioning-hung in the air , held upside down by weaves of air with her arms tied behind her back . 
 the captive had short wavy hair and dark skin . 
 her face matched cadsuane 's own for composed serenity , despite her circumstances . 
 wearing a simple brown dress-the hem held up around her legs by a weave of air to keep it from obscuring her face-held bound and shielded , the prisoner somehow seemed the one in control . 
 merise stood in front of the prisoner . 
 narishma leaned against the wall , the only other one in the room . 
 cadsuane did not control the questioning herself , not yet . 
 letting another lead the interrogation worked to her advantage ; it let her think and plan . 
 outside the room , erian , sarene , and nesune held the prisoner 's shield , two more than were normally considered necessary . 
 one did not take chances with the forsaken . 
 their prisoner was semirhage . 
 a monster who many thought was simply a legend . 
 cadsuane did not know how many of the stories about the woman were true . 
 she did know that semirhage was not easily intimidated , unsettled or manipulated . 
 and that was a problem . 
 `` well ? '' 
 merise demanded . 
 `` my question : you have an answer ? '' 
 semirhage regarded merise , icy contempt in her voice as she spoke . 
 `` do you know what happens to a man when his blood is replaced with something else ? '' 
 `` i did not - '' `` he dies , of course , '' semirhage said , cutting merise off with words like knives . 
 `` the death often happens instantly , and quick deaths are of little interest . 
 with experiment , i discovered that some solutions can replace blood more effectively , allowing the subject to live for a short time after the transfusion . '' 
 she fell silent . 
 `` answer the question , '' merise said , `` or out the window you will hang again and - '' `` the transfusion itself requires use of the power , of course , '' semirhage interrupted again . 
 `` other methods are not quick enough . 
 i invented the weave myself . 
 it can suddenly and instantly pull the blood from a body and deposit it in a bin , while at the same time taking a solution and pressing it into the veins . '' 
 merise gritted her teeth , glancing at narishma . 
 the asha ` man wore a coat and trousers of black , as usual , his long dark hair in braids woven with bells on the ends . 
 he lounged against the log wall . 
 he had a boyish face , but displayed a growing edge of danger . 
 perhaps that came from training with merise 's other warders . 
 perhaps it came from associating with people who would put one of the forsaken to the question . 
 `` my warning - '' merise began again . 
 `` i had one subject survive an entire hour after the transfusion , '' semi-rhage said in a calm , conversational tone . 
 `` i count it as one of my greatest victories . 
 he was in pain the entire time , of course . 
 true pain , agony that he could feel in every vein of his body , right down to the near-invisible ones in his fingers . 
 i know of no other way to bring such suffering to every part of the body at once . '' 
 she met merise 's eyes . 
 `` i will show you the weave someday . '' 
 merise paled just slightly . 
 with a whip of her hand , cadsuane wove a shield of air around semi-rhage 's head to block her from hearing , then wove fire and air into two small balls of light , which she placed directly in front of the forsaken 's eyes . 
 the lights were n't bright enough to blind or damage her eyes , but they would keep her from seeing . 
 that was a particular trick of cadsuane 's ; too many sisters would think to deafen a captive , yet leave them capable of watching . 
 one never knew who had learned to read lips , and cadsuane had little inclination to underestimate her current captive . 
 merise glanced at cadsuane , a flash of annoyance in her eyes . 
 `` you were losing control of her , '' cadsuane said firmly , setting her tea on the floor beside her chair . 
 merise hesitated , then nodded , looking truly angry . 
 likely at herself . 
 `` this woman , nothing works on her , '' she said . 
 `` she never changes the tone of her voice , no matter what we do to her . 
 every punishment i can think of only creates more threats . 
 each one more gruesome than the last ! 
 light ! '' 
 she gritted her teeth again , refolding her arms and breathing deeply through her nose . 
 narishma straightened as if to walk over to her , but she waved him back . 
 merise was appropriately firm with her warders , though she did snap at anyone else who tried to keep them in their places . 
 `` we can break her , '' cadsuane said . 
 `` can we , cadsuane ? '' 
 `` phaw ! 
 of course we can . 
 she is human , just like anyone else . '' 
 `` true , '' merise said . 
 `` though she 's lived for three thousand years . 
 three thousand , cadsuane . '' 
 `` she spent the bulk of that time imprisoned , '' cadsuane said with a dismissive sniff . 
 `` centuries locked up in the dark one 's prison , likely in a trance or hibernation . 
 subtract those years , and she 'd no older than any of us . 
 a fair sight younger than some , i would imagine . '' 
 it was a subtle reminder of her own age , something rarely discussed among aes sedai . 
 the entire conversation about age was , in fact , a sign of how uncomfortable the forsaken made merise . 
 aes sedai were practiced at appearing calm , but there was a reason that cadsuane had kept those holding the shield outside the room . 
 they gave away too much . 
 even the normally unflappable merise lost control far too often during these interrogations . 
 of course , merise and the others-like all the women in the tower these days-still fell short of what an aes sedai should be . 
 these younger aes sedai had been allowed to grow soft and weak , prone to bickering . 
 some had allowed themselves to be bullied into swearing fealty to rand al ` thor . 
 sometimes , cadsuane wished she could simply send them all to penance for a few decades . 
 or maybe that was just cadsuane 's age speaking . 
 she was old , and that was making her increasingly intolerant of foolishness . 
 over two centuries ago , she 'd sworn to herself that she 'd live to attend the last battle , no matter how long that took . 
 using the one power lengthened one 's years , and she 'd found that determination and grit could stretch those years even further . 
 she was one of the oldest people alive . 
 unfortunately , her years had taught her that no measure of planning or determination could make life turn out as you wanted . 
 that did n't stop her from being annoyed when it did n't . 
 one might have thought that the years would also have taught her patience , but it had done the opposite . 
 the older she grew , the less inclined she was to wait , for she knew she did n't have many years left . 
 anyone who claimed that old age had brought them patience was either lying or senile . 
 `` she can and will be broken , '' cadsuane repeated , `` i am not going to allow a person who knows weaves from the age of legends to simply dance herself to execution . 
 we are going to pull every scrap of knowledge from that woman 's brain , if we have to turn a few of her own ` creative ' weaves on her . '' 
 `` the a ` dam . 
 if only the lord dragon would let us use it on her ... '' merise said , glancing at semirhage . 
 if ever cadsuane had been tempted to break her word , it was regarding that . 
 slip an a ` dam on the woman ... but no , in order to force someone to talk with an a ` dam , you had to give them pain . 
 it was the same as torture , and al ` thor had forbidden it . 
 semirhage had closed her eyes against cadsuane 's lights , but she was still composed , controlled . 
 `` what was going on in that woman 's mind ? 
 did she wait for rescue ? 
 did she think to force them to execute her so that she could avoid true torture ? 
 did she really assume that she 'd be able to escape , then wreak vengeance on the aes sedai who had questioned her ? 
 likely the last-and it was hard not to feel at least a hint of apprehension . 
 the woman knew things about the one power that had n't survived even in legends . 
 three thousand years was a long , long time . 
 could semirhage break through a shield in a way that was unknown ? 
 if she could , why had n't she already ? 
 cadsuane would n't be entirely comfortable until she was able to get her hands on some of that forkroot tea . 
 `` your weaves , you can release them , cadsuane , '' merise said , standing . 
 `` i have composed myself . 
 i fear we will have to hang her out the window for a time , as i said . 
 perhaps we can threaten her with pain . 
 she ca n't know of al ` thor 's foolish requirements . '' 
 cadsuane leaned forward , releasing the weaves that hung the lights before the forsaken 's eyes , but not removing the shield of air that kept her from hearing . 
 semirhage 's eyes snapped open , then quickly found cadsuane . 
 yes , she knew who was in charge . 
 the two locked eyes . 
 merise continued to question , asking about graendal . 
 al ` thor thought the other forsaken might be somewhere in arad doman . 
 cadsuane was far more interested in other questions , but graendal made an acceptable starting point . 
 semirhage responded to merise 's questions with silence this time , and cadsuane found herself thinking about al ` thor . 
 the boy had resisted her teaching as stubbornly as semirhage resisted questioning . 
 oh , true , he had learned some minor things-how to treat her with a measure of respect , how to at least feign civility . 
 but nothing more . 
 cadsuane hated admitting failure . 
 and this was not a failure , not yet , but she was close . 
 that boy was destined to destroy the world . 
 and maybe save it , too . 
 the first was inevitable ; the second conditional . 
 she could wish the two were reversed , but wishes were about as useful as coins carved from wood . 
 you could paint them however you wanted , but they remained wood . 
 she gritted her teeth , putting the boy out of her mind . 
 she needed to watch semirhage . 
 each time the woman spoke , it could be a clue . 
 semirhage returned her stare , ignoring merise . 
 how did you break one of the most powerful women who had ever lived ? 
 a woman who had perpetrated countless atrocities during the days of wonder before , even , the dark one 's release ? 
 meeting those black , onyx eyes , cadsuane realized something . 
 althor 's prohibition on hurting semirhage was meaningless . 
 they could not break this woman with pain . 
 semirhage was the great torturer of the forsaken , a woman intrigued by death and agony . . 
 no , she would not break that way , even if the means had been allowed them . 
 with a chill , looking into those eyes , cadsuane thought she saw something of herself in the creature . 
 age , craftiness and unwillingness to budge . 
 that , then , left a question for her . 
 if given the task , how would cadsuane go about breaking herself ? 
 the concept was so disturbing that she was relieved when corele interrupted the interrogation a few moments later . 
 the slender , cheerful murandian was loyal to cadsuane and had been on duty watching over al ` thor this afternoon . 
 corele 's word that al ` thor would be meeting soon with his aiel chiefs brought an end to the interrogation , and the three sisters maintaining the shield entered and towed semirhage off to the room where they would set her bound and gagged with flows of air . 
 cadsuane watched the forsaken go , carried on weaves of air , then shook her head . 
 semirhage had been only the day 's opening scene . 
 it was time to deal with the boy . 
 chapter 6 when iron melts rodel ituralde had seen a lot of battlefields . 
 some things were always the same . 
 dead men like piles of rags , lying in heaps . 
 ravens eager to dine . 
 groans , cries , whimpers and mumbles from those unlucky enough to need a long time to die . 
 each battlefield also had its own individual print . 
 you could read a battle like the trail of passing game . 
 corpses lying in rows that were disturbingly straight indicated a charge of footmen who had been pressed against volleys of arrows . 
 scattered and trampled bodies were the result of infantry breaking before heavy cavalry . 
 this battle had seen large numbers of seanchan crushed up against the walls of darluna , where they had fought with desperation . 
 hammered against the stone . 
 one section of wall was completely torn away where some damane had tried to escape into the city . 
 fighting in streets and among homes would have favored the seanchan . 
 they had n't made it in time . 
 ituralde rode his roan gelding through the mess . 
 battle was always a mess . 
 the only neat battles were the ones in stories or history books . 
 those had been cleansed and scoured by the abrasive hands of scholars looking for conciseness . 
 `` aggressor won , fifty-three thousand killed '' or `` defender stood , twenty thousand fallen . '' 
 what would be written of this battle ? 
 it would depend on who was writing . 
 they would neglect to include the blood , pounded into the earth to make mud . 
 the bodies , broken , pierced and mangled . 
 the ground torn in swaths by enraged damane . 
 perhaps they would remember the numbers ; those often seemed important to scribes . 
 half of ituralde 's hundred thousand , dead . 
 on any other battlefield , fifty thousand casualties would have shamed and angered him . 
 but he 'd faced down a force three times his size , and one with damane at that . 
 he followed the young messenger who had fetched him , a boy of perhaps twelve , wearing a seanchan uniform of red and green . 
 they passed a fallen standard , hanging from a broken pole with the tip driven into mud . 
 it bore the sign of a sun being crossed by six gulls . 
 ituralde hated not knowing the houses and names of the men he was fighting , but there was no way to tell with the foreign seanchan . 
 the shadows cast by a dying evening sun striped the field . 
 soon a blanket of darkness would cradle the bodies , and the survivors could pretend for a time that the grassland was a grave for their friends . 
 and for the people their friends had killed . 
 he rounded a small hillock , coming to a scattered pattern of fallen seanchan elite . 
 most of these dead wore those insectlike helms . 
 bent , cracked , or dented . 
 dead eyes stared blankly from openings behind twisted mandibles . 
 the seanchan general was alive , if just barely . 
 his helmet was off , and there was blood on his lips . 
 he leaned against a large , moss-covered boulder , back supported by a bundled cloak , as if he were waiting for a meal to be delivered . 
 of course , that image was marred by his twisted leg and the broken haft of a spear punching through the front of his stomach . 
 ituralde dismounted . 
 like most of his men , ituralde wore worker 's clothing-simple brown trousers and coat , borrowed off of the man who had taken ituralde 's uniform as part of the trap . 
 it felt odd to be out of uniform . 
 a man like this general turan did not deserve a soldier in drab . 
 ituralde waved the messenger boy to stand back , out of earshot , then approached the seanchan alone . 
 `` you 're him , then , '' turan said , looking up at ituralde , speaking with that slow seanchan drawl . 
 he was a stout man , far from tall , with a peaked nose . 
 his close-cropped black hair was shaved two finger widths up each side of his head , and his helm lay beside him on the ground , bearing three white plumes . 
 he reached up with an unsteady black-gloved hand and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth . 
 `` i am , '' ituralde said . 
 `` they call you a ` great captain ' in tarabon . '' 
 `` they do . '' 
 `` it 's deserved , '' turan said , coughing . 
 `` how did you do it ? 
 our scouts ... . '' 
 his cough consumed him . 
 `` raken , '' ituralde said once the cough subsided . 
 he squatted down beside his foe . 
 the sun was still a sliver in the west , lighting the battlefield with a glimmer of golden red light . 
 `` your scouts see from the air , and truth is easy to hide from a distance . '' 
 `` the army behind us ? '' 
 `` women and youths , mostly , '' ituralde said . 
 `` a fair number of farmers as well . 
 wearing uniforms taken from my troops here . '' 
 `` and if we 'd turned and attacked ? '' 
 `` you would n't have . 
 your raken told you that you were outnumbered . 
 better to chase after the smaller force ahead of you . 
 better than that to head for the city your scouts say is barely defended , even if it means marching your men near to exhaustion . '' 
 turan coughed again , nodding . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , but the city was empty . 
 how did you get troops into it ? '' 
 `` scouts in the air , '' ituralde said , `` ca n't see inside buildings . '' 
 `` you ordered your troops to hide inside for that long ? '' 
 `` yes , '' ituralde said . 
 `` with a rotation allowing a small number out each day to work the fields . '' 
 turan shook his head in disbelief . 
 `` you realize what you have done , '' he said . 
 there was no threat in his voice . 
 in fact , there was a fair amount of admiration . 
 `` high lady suroth will never accept this failure . 
 she will have to break you now , if only to save face . '' 
 `` i know , '' ituralde said , standing . 
 `` but i ca n't drive you back by attacking you in your fortresses . 
 i need you to come to me . '' 
 `` you do n't understand the numbers we have ... '' turan said . 
 `` what you destroyed today is but a breeze compared to the storm you 've raised . 
 enough of my people escaped today to tell of your tricks . 
 they will not work again . '' 
 he was right . 
 the seanchan learned quickly . 
 ituralde had been forced to cut short his raids in tarabon because of the swift seanchan reaction . 
 `` you know you ca n't beat us , '' turan said softly . 
 `` i see it in your eyes , great captain . '' 
 ituralde nodded . 
 `` why , then ? '' 
 turan asked . 
 `` why does a crow fly ? '' 
 ituralde asked . 
 turan coughed weakly . 
 ituralde did know that he could not win his war against the seanchan . 
 oddly , each of his victories made him more certain of his eventual failure . 
 the seanchan were smart , well equipped and well disciplined . 
 more than that , they were persistent . 
 turan himself must have known from the moment those gates opened that he was doomed . 
 but he had not surrendered ; he had fought until his army broke , scattering in too many directions for ituralde 's exhausted troops to catch . 
 turan understood . 
 sometimes , surrender was n't worth the cost . 
 no man welcomed death , but there were far worse ends for a soldier . 
 abandoning one 's homeland to invaders ... well , ituralde could n't do that . 
 not even if the fight was impossible to win . 
 he did what needed to be done , when it needed to be done . 
 and right now , arad doman needed to fight . 
 they would lose , but their children would always know that their fathers had resisted . 
 that resistance would be important in a hundred years , when a rebellion came . 
 if one came . 
 ituralde stood up , intending to return to his waiting soldiers . 
 turan struggled , reaching for his sword . 
 ituralde hesitated , turning back . 
 `` will you do it ? '' 
 turan asked . 
 ituralde nodded , unsheathing his own sword . 
 `` it has been an honor , ' turan said , then closed his eyes . 
 ituralde 's sword-heron-marked-took the man 's head a moment later . 
 turan 's own blade bore a heron , barely visible on the gleaming length of blade the seanchan had managed to pull . 
 it was a pity that the two of them had n't been able to cross swords-though , in a way , these past few weeks had been just that , on a different scale . 
 ituralde cleaned his sword , then slid it back into its sheath . 
 in a final gesture , he slid turan 's sword out and rammed it into the ground beside the fallen general . 
 ituralde then remounted and , nodding farewell to the messenger , made his way back across the shadowed field of corpses . 
 the ravens had begun . 
 `` i 've tried encouraging several of the serving men and palace guards , '' leane said softly , sitting beside the bars of her cell . 
 `` but it 's hard . '' 
 she smiled , glancing at egwene , who sat on a stool outside the cell . 
 `` i do n't exactly feel alluring these days . '' 
 egwene 's responding smile was wry , and she seemed to understand . 
 leane wore the same dress that she 'd been captured in , and it had not yet been laundered . 
 every third morning , she removed it and used the morning 's bucket of water-after washing herself clean with a damp rag-to clean the dress in her basin . 
 but there was only so much one could do without soap . 
 she 'd braided her hair to give it a semblance of neatness , but could do nothing about her ragged nails . 
 leane sighed , thinking of those mornings spent standing in the corner of her cell , hidden from sight , wearing nothing while she waited for the dress and shift to dry . 
 just because she was domani did n't mean she liked parading about without a scrap on . 
 proper seduction required skill and subtlety ; nudity used neither . 
 her cell was n't bad as cells went-she had a small bed , meals , plenty of water , a chamber pot that was changed daily . 
 but she was never allowed out , and was always guarded by two sisters who kept her shielded . 
 the only one who visited her-save for those trying to pry information from her regarding traveling-was egwene . 
 the amyrlin sat on her stool , expression thoughtful . 
 and she was amyrlin . 
 it was impossible to think of her any other way . 
 how could a child so young have learned so quickly ? 
 that straight back , that poised expression . 
 being in control was n't so much about the power you had , but the power you implied that you had . 
 it was much like dealing with men , actually . 
 `` have you ... heard anything ? '' 
 leane asked . 
 `` about what they plan to do with me ? '' 
 egwene shook her head . 
 two yellow sisters sat chatting nearby on the bench , lit by a lamp on the table beside them . 
 leane had n't answered any of the questions her captors put to her , and tower law was very strict about the questioning of fellow sisters . 
 they could n't harm her , particularly not with the power . 
 but they could just leave her alone , to rot . 
 `` thank you for coming to see me these evenings , '' leane said , reaching through the lattice of bars to take egwene 's hand . 
 `` i believe i owe my sanity to you . '' 
 `` it is my pleasure , '' egwene said , though her eyes showed a hint of the exhaustion she undoubtedly felt . 
 some of the sisters who visited leane mentioned the beatings egwene was suffering as `` penances '' for her insubordination . 
 odd , how a novice to be instructed could be beaten but a prisoner to be interrogated could not . 
 and despite the pain , egwene came to visit leane in the cell virtually every night . 
 `` i will see you free , leane , '' egwene promised , still holding her hand . 
 `` elaida 's tyranny can not last . 
 i 'm confident it wo n't be long now . '' 
 leane nodded , letting go and standing up . 
 egwene took hold of the bars and pulled herself to her feet , cringing ever so slightly at the motion . 
 she nodded farewell to leane , then hesitated , frowning . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 leane asked egwene took her hands off of the bars and looked at her palms . 
 they seemed to be coated with a reflective , waxy substance . 
 frowning , leane looked at the bars , and was shocked to see egwene 's handprints on the iron . 
 `` what in the light - '' leane said , poking at one of the bars . 
 it bent beneath her finger like warm wax on the lip of a candle 's bowl . 
 suddenly , the stones beneath leane 's feet shifted , and she felt herself sinking . 
 she cried out . 
 globs of melted wax starting to rain down from the ceiling , splattering across her face . 
 they were n't warm , but they were somehow liquid . 
 they had the color of stone ! 
 she gasped , panicked , stumbling and sliding as her feet sank deeper in the too-slick floor . 
 a hand caught hers ; she looked up to where egwene had grabbed her . 
 the bars melted out of the way as leane watched , the iron drooping to the sides , then liquefying . 
 `` help ! '' 
 egwene screamed at the yellows outside . 
 `` burn you ! 
 stop staring ! '' 
 leane scrambled for purchase , terrified , trying to pull herself along the bars toward egwene . 
 she grasped only wax . 
 a lump of bar came loose in her hand , squishing between her fingers , and the floor warped around her , sucking her down . 
 and then threads of air seized her , yanking her free . 
 the room lurched as she was tossed forward into egwene , knocking the younger woman backward . 
 the two yellows-white-haired musarin and short gelarna - had jumped to their feet , and the glow of saidar surrounded them . 
 musarin called for help , watching the melting cell with wide eyes . 
 leane righted herself , scrambling off of egwene , her dress and legs coated with the strange wax , and stumbled back away from the cell . 
 the floor here in the hallway felt stable . 
 light , how she wished she could embrace the source herself ! 
 but she was too full of forkroot , not to mention the shield . 
 egwene climbed to her feet with a hand from leane . 
 the room fell still , lamp flickering , all of them staring at the cell . 
 the melting had stopped , the bars split , the top halves frozen with drips of steel on their tips , the lower halves bent inward . 
 many had been flattened to the stones by leane 's escape . 
 the floor inside the room had bowed inward , like a funnel , the rocks stretching . 
 those stones bore gashes where leane 's scrambling had scored them . 
 leane stood , her heart beating , realizing that only seconds had passed . 
 what should they do ? 
 scuttle away in fear ? 
 was the rest of the hallway going to melt , too ? 
 egwene stepped forward , tapping her toe against one of the bars . 
 it resisted . 
 leane took a step forward , and her dress crunched , bits of stone - like mortar-falling free . 
 she reached down and brushed at her skirt , and felt rough rock coating it instead of wax . 
 `` these sorts of events are more frequent , '' egwene said calmly , glancing at the two yellows . 
 `` the dark one is getting stronger . 
 the last battle approaches . 
 what is your amyrlin doing about it ? '' 
 musarin glanced at her ; the tall , aging aes sedai looked deeply disturbed . 
 leane took egwene 's lead , forcing herself to be calm as she stepped up beside the amyrlin , chips of stone falling from her dress . 
 `` yes , well , '' musarin said . 
 `` you shall return to your rooms , novice . 
 and you ... '' she glanced at leane , then at the remains of the cell . 
 `` we will ... have to relocate you . '' 
 `` and get me a new dress as well , i assume , '' leane said , folding her arms . 
 musarin 's eyes flickered at egwene . 
 `` go . 
 this is no longer your business , child . 
 we will care for the prisoner . '' 
 egwene gritted her teeth , but then she turned to leane . 
 `` stay strong , '' she said , and hurried away , heading down the hallway . 
 exhausted , disturbed by the stone-warping bubble of evil , egwene walked with swishing skirts toward the tower wing that contained the novices ' quarters . 
 what would it take to convince the foolish women that there was n't time to spare for squabbling ! 
 the hour was late , and few women walked the corridors , none of them novices . 
 egwene passed several servants bustling at late-night duties , their slippered feet falling softly on the floor tiles . 
 these sectors of the tower were populated enough that lamps burned on the walls , trimmed low , giving an orange light . 
 a hundred different polished tiles reflected the flickering flames , looking like eyes that watched egwene as she walked . 
 it was hard to comprehend that this quiet evening had turned into a trap that nearly killed leane . 
 if even the ground itself could not be trusted , then what could ? 
 egwene shook her head , too tired , too sore , to think of solutions at the moment . 
 she barely noticed when the floor tiles turned from gray to a deep brown . 
 she just continued on , into the tower wing , counting the doors she passed . 
 hers was the seventh ... she froze , frowning at a pair of brown sisters : maenadrin-a saldaean-and negaine . 
 the two had been speaking in hushed whispers , and they frowned at egwene as she passed them . 
 why would they be in the novices ' quarters ? 
 but wait . 
 the novices ' quarters did n't have brown floor tiles . 
 this section should have had nondescript gray tiles . 
 and the doors in the hallway were spaced far too widely . 
 this did n't look at all like the novices ' quarters ! 
 had she been so tired that she 'd walked in completely the wrong direction ? 
 she retraced her steps , passing the two brown sisters again . 
 she found a window and looked out . 
 the rectangular white expanse of the tower wing extended around her , just as it should . 
 she was n't lost . 
 perplexed , she looked back down the hallway . 
 maenadrin had folded her arms , regarding egwene with a set of dark eyes . 
 negaine , tall and spindly , stalked up to egwene . 
 `` what business have you here this time of night , child ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` did a sister send for you ? 
 you should be back in your room for sleep . '' 
 wordlessly , egwene pointed out the window . 
 negaine glanced out , frowning . 
 she froze , gasping softly . 
 she looked back in at the hallway , then back out , as if unable to believe where she was . 
 in minutes , the entire tower was in a frenzy . 
 egwene , forgotten , stood at the side of a hallway with a cluster of bleary-eyed novices as sisters argued with one another in tense voices , trying to determine what to do . 
 it appeared that two sections of the tower had been swapped , and the slumbering brown sisters had been moved from their sections on the upper levels down into the wing . 
 the novices ' rooms-intact-had been placed where the section of brown sisters had been . 
 nobody remembered any motion or vibration when the swap happened , and the transfer appeared seamless . 
 a line of floor tiles had been split right down the middle , then melded with tiles from the section that had shifted . 
 it 's getting worse and worse , egwene thought as the brown sisters decided-for now-that they would have to accept the switch . 
 they could n't very well move sisters into rooms the size that novices used . 
 that would leave the browns divided , half in the wing , half in their old location-with a clump of novices in the middle of them . 
 a division aptly representative of the less-visible divisions the ajahs were suffering . 
 eventually , exhausted , egwene and the others were sent off to sleep - though now she had to trudge up many flights of stairs before reaching her bed . 
 chapter 7 the plan for arad doman a storm is coming , '' nynaeve said , looking out the window of the manor . 
 `` yes , '' replied daigian from her chair by the hearth without bothering to glance at the window . 
 `` i think you might be right , dear . 
 i swear , it seems as if it has been overcast for weeks ! '' 
 `` it has been a single week , '' nynaeve said , holding her long , dark braid in one hand . 
 she glanced at the other woman . 
 `` i have n't seen a patch of clear sky in over ten days . '' 
 daigian frowned . 
 of the white ajah , she was plump and curvaceous . 
 she wore a small stone on her forehead as moiraine had so long ago , though daigian 's was an appropriately white moonstone . 
 the tradition apparently had something to do with being a cairhien noblewoman , as did the four colored slashes the woman wore on her dress . 
 `` ten days , you say ? '' 
 daigian said . 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 nynaeve was . 
 she paid attention to the weather ; that was one of the duties of a village wisdom . 
 she was aes sedai now , but that did n't mean she stopped being who she was . 
 the weather was always there , in the back of her mind . 
 she could sense the rain , sun , or snow in the wind 's whispers . 
 lately , however , the sensations had n't been like whispers at all . 
 more like distant shouts , growing louder . 
 or like waves crashing against one another , still far to the north , yet harder and harder to ignore . 
 `` well , '' daigian said , `` i 'm certain this is n't the only time in history that it has been cloudy for ten days ! '' 
 nynaeve shook her head , tugging on her braid . 
 `` it 's not normal , '' she said . 
 `` and those overcast skies are n't the storm i 'm talking about . 
 it 's still distant , but it 's coming . 
 and it is going to be terrible . 
 worse than any i 've ever seen . 
 far worse . '' 
 `` well , then , '' daigian said , sounding slightly uncomfortable , `` we will deal with it when it arrives . 
 are you going to sit down so that we can continue ? '' 
 nynaeve glanced at the plump aes sedai . 
 daigian was extremely weak in the power . 
 the white might just be the weakest aes sedai that nynaeve had ever met . 
 by traditional-yet unspoken-rules , that meant that nynaeve should be allowed to take the lead . 
 unfortunately , nynaeve 's position was still questionable . 
 egwene had raised her to the shawl by decree , just as she 'd raised elayne : there had been no testing , nor had nynaeve sworn on the oath rod . 
 to most-even those who accepted egwene 's place as the true amyrlin - those omissions made nynaeve something less than aes sedai . 
 not an accepted , but hardly equal to a sister . 
 the sisters with cadsuane were particularly bad , as they had n't declared for either the white tower or the rebels . 
 and the sisters sworn to rand were worse ; most were still loyal to the white tower , not seeing a problem with supporting both elaida and rand . 
 nynaeve still wondered what rand had been thinking , allowing sisters to swear fealty to him . 
 she 'd explained his mistake to him on several occasions-quite rationally - but talking to rand these days was like talking to a stone . 
 only less effective and infinitely more infuriating . 
 daigian was still waiting for her to sit . 
 rather than provoke a contest of wills , nynaeve did so . 
 daigian was still suffering from having lost her warder-eben , an asha ` man-during the fight with the forsaken . 
 nynaeve had spent that fight completely absorbed by providing rand with immense amounts of saidar to weave . 
 nynaeve could still remember the sheer joy-the awesome euphoria , strength , and sheer feel of life-that had come from drawing that much power . 
 it frightened her . 
 she was glad the ter ` angreal she 'd used to touch that power had been destroyed . 
 but the male ter ` angreal was still intact : an access key to a powerful sa'angreal . 
 as far as nynaeve knew , rand had not been able to persuade cadsuane to return it to him . 
 as well she should n't . 
 no human being , not even the dragon reborn , should channel that much of the one power . 
 the things one could be tempted to do ... . 
 she 'd told rand that he needed to forget about the access key . 
 like talking to a stone . 
 a big , red-haired , iron-faced idiot of a stone . 
 ny-naeve harrumphed to herself . 
 that caused daigian to raise an eyebrow . 
 the woman was quite good at controlling her grief , though nynaeve - whose room in the domani mansion was beside daigian 's - heard the woman crying to herself at night . 
 it was not easy to lose one 's warder . 
 lan . 
 , . . 
 no , best not to think of him at the moment . 
 lan would be fine . 
 only at the end of his journey of thousands of miles would he be in danger . 
 it was there he intended to throw himself at the shadow like a lone arrow loosed at a brick wall ... no ! 
 she thought to herself . 
 he will not be alone . 
 i saw to that . 
 `` very well , '' nynaeve said , forcing herself to focus , `` let us continue . '' 
 she showed no deference to daigian . 
 she was doing this woman a favor , distracting her from her grief . 
 that was how corele had explained it , anyway . 
 it was n't , certainly , for nynaeve 's benefit that they met . 
 she had nothing to prove . 
 she was aes sedai , no matter what the others thought or implied . 
 this was all just a ruse to help daigian . 
 that was it . 
 nothing else . 
 `` here is the eighty-first weave , '' the white said . 
 the glow of saidar sprang up around her , and she channeled , crafting a very complex weave of fire , air and spirit . 
 complex , but useless . 
 the weave created three burning rings of fire in the air which glowed with unusual light , but what was the point of that ? 
 nynaeve already knew how to make fireballs and balls of light ; why waste time learning weaves that repeated what she already knew , only in a far more complicated way ? 
 and why did each ring have to be a slightly different color ? 
 nynaeve waved an indifferent hand , repeating the weave exactly . 
 `` honestly , '' she said , `` that one seems the most useless of the bunch ! 
 what is the point of all of these ? '' 
 daigian pursed her lips . 
 she said nothing , but nynaeve knew that daigian thought that this all should be far more difficult for nynaeve than it was . 
 eventually , the woman spoke . 
 `` you can not be told much about the testing . 
 the only thing i can say is that you will need to repeat these weaves exactly , and do so while undergoing extreme distraction . 
 when the time comes , you will understand . '' 
 `` i doubt it , '' nynaeve said flatly , copying the weave three times over while she spoke . 
 `` because-as i believe i 've told you a dozen times already-i 'm not going to be taking the test . 
 i 'm already aes sedai . '' 
 `` of course you are , dear . '' 
 nynaeve ground her teeth . 
 this had been a bad idea . 
 when she 'd approached corele-supposedly a member of nynaeve 's own ajah-the woman had refused to acknowledge her as an equal . 
 she 'd been pleasant about it , as corele often was , but the implication had been clear . 
 she 'd even seemed sympathetic . 
 sympathetic ! 
 as if nynaeve needed her pity . 
 she had suggested that if nynaeve knew the hundred weaves each accepted learned for the test to become aes sedai , it might help with her credibility . 
 the problem was , this placed nynaeve in a situation where she was all but treated as a student again . 
 she did see the use in knowing the hundred weaves-she 'd spent far too short a time studying them , and virtually every sister knew it . 
 however , by accepting the lessons , she had n't meant to imply that she saw herself as a student ! 
 she reached for her braid , but stopped herself . 
 her visible expressions of emotion were another factor in how she was treated by the other aes sedai . 
 if only she had that ageless face ! 
 bah ! 
 daigian 's next weave made a popping sound in the air , and once again the weave itself was needlessly complex . 
 nynaeve copied it with barely a thought , committing it to memory at the same time . 
 daigian stared at the weave for a moment , a distant look on her face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 nynaeve asked testily . 
 `` hmm ? 
 oh , nothing . 
 i just ... the last time i made that weave , i used it to startle ... i ... never mind . '' 
 eben . 
 her warder had been young , maybe fifteen or sixteen , and she had been very fond of him . 
 eben and daigian had played games together like a boy and an elder sister rather than aes sedai and warder . 
 a youth of only sixteen , nynaeve thought , dead . 
 did rand have to recruit them so young ? 
 daigian 's face grew stiff , controlling her emotions far better than nynaeve would have been able to . 
 light send that i 'm never in the same situation , she thought . 
 at least not for many , many years . 
 lan was n't her warder yet , but she meant to have him as soon as possible . 
 he was already her husband , after all . 
 it still angered her that myrelle had the bond . 
 `` i might be able to help , daigian , '' nynaeve said , leaning forward , laying her hand on the other woman 's knee . 
 `` if i were to attempt a healing , perhaps ... . '' 
 `` no , '' the woman said curtly . 
 `` but - '' `` i doubt you could help . '' 
 `` anything can be healed , '' nynaeve said stubbornly , `` even if we do n't know how yet . 
 anything save death . '' 
 `` and what would you do , dear ? '' 
 daigian asked . 
 nynaeve wondered if she refused to call her by name on purpose , or if it was an unconscious effect of their relationship . 
 she could n't use `` child , '' as she would with an actual accepted , but to call her `` nynaeve '' might imply equality . 
 `` i could do something , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` this pain you feel , it has to be an effect of the bond , and therefore something to do with the one power . 
 if the power causes your pain , then the power can take that pain away . '' 
 `` and why would i want that ? '' 
 daigian asked , in control once again . 
 `` well ... well , because it 's pain . 
 it hurts . '' 
 `` it should , '' daigian said . 
 `` eben is dead . 
 would you want to forget your pain if you lost that hulking giant of yours ? 
 have your feelings for him cut away like some spoiled chunk of flesh in an otherwise good roast ? '' 
 nynaeve opened her mouth , but stopped . 
 would she ? 
 it was n't that simple-her feelings for lan were genuine , and not due to a bond . 
 he was her husband , and she loved him . 
 daigian had been possessive of her warder , but it had been the affection of an aunt for her favored nephew . 
 it was n't the same . 
 but would nynaeve want that pain taken away ? 
 she closed her mouth , suddenly realizing the honor in daigian s words . 
 `` i see . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` it is nothing , dear , '' daigian continued . 
 `` the logic of it seems simple to me at times , but i fear that others do not accept it . 
 indeed , some might argue that the logic of the issue depends on the moment and the individual . 
 shall i show you the next weave ? '' 
 `` yes , please , '' nynaeve said , frowning . 
 she herself was so strong in the power-one of the strongest alive-that she often took little thought for her ability . 
 it was much as a very tall man rarely paid attention to other people 's heights ; everyone else was shorter than he , and so their different heights did n't matter much . 
 what was it like to be this woman , who had spent longer as an accepted than anyone else in memory ? 
 a woman who had barely attained the shawl , doing so-many said-by an eyelash and a whisper ? 
 daigian had to show deference to all other aes sedai . 
 if two sisters met , daigian was always the lesser . 
 if more than two sisters met , daigian served them tea . 
 before the more powerful sisters , she was expected to scrape and grovel . 
 well , not that , she was aes sedai , but still ... . 
 `` there is something wrong with this system , daigian , '' nynaeve said absently . 
 `` with the testing ? 
 it seems appropriate that there should be some kind of test to determine worthiness , and the performing of difficult weaves under stress strikes me as fulfilling that need . '' 
 `` i did n't mean that , '' nynaeve said , `` i mean the system that determines how we are treated . 
 by each other . '' 
 daigian flushed . 
 it was inappropriate to refer to another 's power , in any way . 
 but , well , nynaeve had never been very good at conforming to other people 's expectations . 
 particularly when they expected foolishness . 
 `` there you sit , '' she said , `` knowing as much as any other aes sedai - knowing more than many , i 'd wager-and the moment any accepted just off apron strings gains the shawl , you have to do what she says . '' 
 daigian 's blush deepened . 
 `` we should move on . '' 
 it just was n't right . 
 nynaeve let the matter drop , however . 
 she 'd stepped in this particular pit once before in teaching the kinswomen to stand up for themselves in front of aes sedai . 
 before long , they 'd been standing up to nynaeve too , which had not been her intention . 
 she was n't certain she wanted to attempt a similar revolution among the aes sedai themselves . 
 she tried to turn back to the tutoring , but that sense of an impending storm kept drawing her eyes to the window . 
 the room was on the second floor and had a good view of the camp outside . 
 it was by pure happenstance that nynaeve caught a glimpse of cadsuane ; that gray bun set with innocent-looking ter ` angreal was obvious even from a distance . 
 the woman was crossing the courtyard , corele at her side , walking at a fair clip . 
 what is she doing ? 
 nynaeve wondered . 
 cadsuane 's pace made her suspicious . 
 what had happened ? 
 something to do with rand ? 
 if that man had gotten himself hurt again ... `` excuse me , daigian , '' nynaeve said , standing . 
 `` i just remembered something that i must see to . '' 
 the other woman started . 
 `` oh . 
 well , all right then , nynaeve . 
 we can continue another time , i suppose . '' 
 it was n't until nynaeve had hurried out the door and down the stairs that she realized daigian had actually used her name . 
 she smiled as she walked out onto the green . 
 there were aiel in the camp . 
 that itself was n't uncommon ; rand often had a complement of maidens to act as guards . 
 but these aiel were men , wearing the dusty brown cadin ` sor and carrying spears at their sides . 
 a fair number of them wore the headbands bearing rand 's symbol on them . 
 that was why cadsuane had been in such a hurry ; if the aiel clan chiefs had arrived , then rand would be wanting to meet with them . 
 nynaeve strode across the green-which was n't very green at all-in a huff . 
 rand had n't sent for her . 
 probably not because he did n't want to include her , but because he was just too wool-headed to think of it . 
 dragon reborn or not , the man rarely thought to share his plans with others . 
 she would have thought that after all this time , he would have reali2ed the importance of getting advice from someone a little more experienced than he . 
 how many times now had he gotten himself kidnapped , wounded or imprisoned because of his rashness ? 
 all these others in camp might bow and scrape and dote on him , but nynaeve knew that he was really just a sheepherder from emond 's field . 
 he still got into trouble the same way he had when he and matrim had pulled pranks as boys . 
 only now instead of flustering the village girls he could throw entire nations into chaos . 
 on the far northern side of the green-directly opposite the manor house , close to the front of the bulwark-the aiel newcomers were setting up their camp , complete with tan tents . 
 they arranged them differently than the saldaeans ; instead of straight rows , the aiel preferred small groups , organized by society . 
 some of bashere 's men called greetings to passing aiel , but none moved to help . 
 aiel could be a prickly bunch , and while nynaeve found the saldaeans to be far less irrational than most , they were borderlanders . 
 skirmishes with aiel had been a way of life for them in earlier years , and the aiel war itself was not so distant . 
 for now , they all fought on the same side , but that did n't keep the saldaeans from stepping a little more carefully now that the aiel had arrived in force . 
 nynaeve scanned for signs of rand or any aiel she knew . 
 she doubted that aviendha would be with the group ; she would be back in caemlyn with elayne , helping secure the throne of andor . 
 nynaeve still felt guilty for leaving them , but somebody had needed to help rand cleanse saidin . 
 that was n't the sort of thing you left him to do alone . 
 now , where was he ? 
 nynaeve stopped at the boundary between the saldaeans and the new aiel camp . 
 soldiers carrying lances nodded to her in respect . 
 aiel in brown and green glided across the grass , their motions smooth as water . 
 women in blues and greens carried wash from the stream beside the manor house . 
 broad-needled pines shivered in the wind . 
 the camp bustled like the village green at bel tine . 
 which way had cadsuane gone ? 
 she sensed channeling in the northeast . 
 nynaeve smiled , setting off with a determined step , yellow skirt swishing . 
 the channeling would either be an aes sedai or a wise one . 
 sure enough , she soon saw a larger aiel tent erected at the corner of the green . 
 she strode straight for it , her stares-or perhaps her reputation-encouraging saldaean soldiers to get out of her way . 
 the maidens guarding the entrance did not try to stop her . 
 rand stood inside , wearing black and red , leafing through maps on a sturdy wooden table , his left arm held behind his back . 
 bashere stood at his side , nodding to himself and studying a small map he held before him . 
 rand looked up as nynaeve entered . 
 when had he started looking so much like a warder , with that instant glance of assessment ? 
 those eyes which picked out every threat , body tense as if expecting an attack at any time ? 
 / should never have let that woman take him from the two rivers , she thought . 
 look what it 's done to him . 
 she immediately frowned at her own foolishness . 
 if rand had stayed in the two rivers , he would have gone mad and perhaps destroyed them all-assuming , of course , the trollocs , the fades or the forsaken themselves had n't accomplished the task first . 
 if moiraine had n't come for rand , he 'd now be dead . 
 with him would have gone the light and hope of the world . 
 it was just hard to abandon her old prejudices . 
 `` ah , nynaeve , '' rand said , relaxing and turning back to his maps . 
 he motioned for bashere to inspect one of them , then turned back to her . 
 `` i was about to send for you . 
 rhuarc and bael are here . '' 
 nynaeve raised an eyebrow , folding her arms . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 she asked flatly . 
 `` and here i 'd assumed that all the aiel in the camp meant we had been attacked by shaido . '' 
 his face hardened at her tone , and those eyes of his grew ... dangerous . 
 but then he lightened , shaking his head , almost as if to clear it . 
 some of the old rand-the rand who had been an innocent sheepherder - seemed to return . 
 `` yes , of course you would have noticed , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm glad you are here . 
 we will begin as soon as the clan chiefs return . 
 i insisted they see their people settled before we began . '' 
 he waved for her to sit ; there were cushions on the floor , but no chairs . 
 aiel spurned those , and rand would want them to be comfortable . 
 nynaeve eyed him , surprised at how tight her own nerves had become . 
 he was just a wool-headed villager , no matter how much influence he 'd found . 
 he was . 
 but she could not shake away that look in his eyes , that flash of anger . 
 holding a crown was said to change many men for the worse . 
 she intended to see that did n't happen to rand al ` thor , but what recourse would she have if he suddenly decided to have her imprisoned ? 
 he would n't do that , would he ? 
 not rand . 
 semirhage said he was mad , nynaeve thought . 
 said that ... he heard voices from his past life . 
 is that what is happening when he cocks his head , as if listening to things that nobody else can hear ? 
 she shivered . 
 min was there in the tent , of course , sitting and reading a book in the corner : the wake of the breaking . 
 min looked too intently at the pages ; she 'd listened to the exchange between rand and nynaeve . 
 what did she think of the changes in him ? 
 she was closer to him than anyone-close enough that , if they 'd all been back in emond 's field , nynaeve would have given the two of them a tongue-lashing strong enough to make their heads spin . 
 even though they were n't in emond 's field and she was no longer wisdom , she 'd made certain that rand knew of her displeasure . 
 his response had been simple : `` if i marry her , my death will bring her even more pain . '' 
 more idiocy , of course . 
 if you were planning to go into danger , then it was all the more reason to get married . 
 obviously . 
 nynaeve seated herself on the floor , arranging her skirts , and pointedly did not think of lan . 
 he had such a long distance to cover , and ... . 
 and she had to make sure that she was given his bond before he reached the blight . 
 just in case . 
 suddenly , she sat upright . 
 cadsuane . 
 the woman was n't there ; besides guards , the tent contained only rand , nynaeve , min and bashere . 
 was she off planning something that nynaeve - cadsuane entered . 
 the gray-haired aes sedai wore a simple tan dress . 
 she relied on presence , not clothing , to draw attention , and of course her hair sparkled with its golden ornaments . 
 corele followed her in . 
 cadsuane wove a ward against eavesdropping , and rand did not object . 
 he should stick up for himself more-that woman practically had him tamed , and it was unsettling how much he let her get away with . 
 like questioning semirhage . 
 the forsaken were far too powerful and dangerous to treat lightly . 
 semirhage should have been stilled the moment they captured her ... though nynaeve s opinion in that regard was directly related to her own experience in keeping moghedien captive . 
 corele gave nynaeve a smile ; she tended to have one of those for everyone . 
 cadsuane , as usual , ignored nynaeve . 
 that was fine . 
 nynaeve had no need for her approval . 
 cadsuane thought she could order everyone around just because she 'd outlived every other aes sedai . 
 well , nynaeve knew for a fact that age had little to do with wisdom . 
 cenn buie had been as old as rain , but had about as much sense as a pile of rocks . 
 many of the camp 's other aes sedai and camp leaders trickled into the tent over the next few minutes ; perhaps rand really bad sent messengers , and would have called for nynaeve . 
 the newcomers included merise and her warders , one of whom was the asha ` man jahar narishma , bells tinkling on the ends of his braids . 
 damer flinn , elza penfell , a few of bashere 's officers also arrived . 
 rand glanced up when each one entered , alert and wary , but he quickly turned back to his maps . 
 was he growing paranoid ? 
 some madmen grew suspicious of everyone . 
 eventually , rhuarc and bael made their appearance , along with several other aiel . 
 they stalked through the tent 's large entrance like cats on the prowl . 
 in an odd turn , a batch of wise ones-whom nynaeve had been able to sense when they got close-were among the group . 
 often , with aiel , an event was either considered clan chief business or wise one business-much as things happened back in the two rivers with the village council and the women 's circle . 
 had rand asked for them all to attend , or had they decided to come together for reasons of their own ? 
 nynaeve had been wrong about aviendha 's location ; she was shocked to see the tall , red-haired woman hovering at the back of the group of wise ones . 
 when had she left caemlyn ? 
 and why was she carrying that worn cloth with a frayed edge ? 
 nynaeve did n't get a chance to ask aviendha any questions , as rand nodded to rhuarc and the others , motioning for them to sit , which they did . 
 rand himself remained standing beside his map table . 
 he placed his arms behind his back , hand clasping stump , a thoughtful look on his face . 
 he offered no preamble . 
 `` tell me of your work in arad doman , '' he said to rhuarc . 
 `` my scouts inform me that this land is hardly at peace . '' 
 rhuarc accepted a cup of tea from aviendha-so she was still considered an apprentice-and turned to rand . 
 the clan chief did not drink . 
 `` we have had very little time , rand al ` thor . '' 
 `` i do n't look for excuses , rhuarc , '' rand said . 
 `` only results . '' 
 this brought flashes of anger to the faces of several of the other aiel , and the maidens at the doorway exchanged a furious burst of hand signals . 
 rhuarc himself displayed no anger , though nynaeve did think his hand tightened on his cup . 
 `` i have shared water with you , rand al ` thor , '' he said . 
 `` i would not think that you would bring me here to offer insults . '' 
 `` no insults , rhuarc , '' rand said . 
 `` just truths . 
 we do n't have time to waste . '' 
 `` no time , rand al ` thor ? '' 
 bael said . 
 the clan chief of the goshien aiel was a very tall man , and he seemed to tower , even when sitting down . 
 `` you left many of us in andor for months with nothing to do but polish spears and scare wetlanders ! 
 now you send us to this land with impossible orders , then follow a few weeks later and demand results ? '' 
 `` you were in andor to help elayne , '' rand said . 
 `` she did not want or need help , '' bael said with a snort . 
 `` and she was right to refuse aid . 
 i 'd rather run across the entire waste with a single skin of water than have leadership of my clan handed to me by another . '' 
 rand 's expression grew dark again , his eyes stormy , and nynaeve was again reminded of the tempest brewing to the north . 
 `` this land is broken , rand al ` thor , '' rhuarc said , his voice calmer than bael 's . 
 `` it is not making excuses to explain that fact , and it is not cowardice to be cautious about a difficult task . '' 
 `` we must have peace here , '' rand growled . 
 `` if you ca n't manage - '' `` boy , '' cadsuane said , `` perhaps you want to stop and think . 
 how often have you known the aiel to fail you ? 
 how often have you failed , hurt , or offended them ? '' 
 rand snapped his mouth closed , and nynaeve gritted her teeth at not having spoken up herself . 
 she glanced at cadsuane , who had been given a chair to sit upon-nynaeve could n't recall ever seeing her sit on the floor . 
 the chair had obviously been taken from the manor ; it was constructed from pale elgilrim horns-which stretched out like open palms-and had a red cushion . 
 aviendha handed cadsuane a cup of tea , which she sipped carefully . 
 with obvious effort , rand pulled his temper back under control . 
 `` i apologize , rhuarc , bael . 
 it has been a ... wearing few months . '' 
 `` you have no toh '' rhuarc said . 
 `` but please , sit . 
 let us share shade and speak with civility . '' 
 rand sighed audibly , then nodded , seating himself before the other two . 
 the several wise ones in attendance-amys , melaine , bair-didn ' t seem inclined to participate in the discussion . 
 they were observers , much-nynaeve realized-as she herself was . 
 `` we must have peace in arad doman , my friends , '' rand said , unrolling a map between them on the tent rug . 
 bael shook his head . 
 `` dobraine taborwin has done well with bandar eban , '' he said , `` but rhuarc spoke rightly when he called this land broken . 
 it is like a piece of sea folk porcelain dropped from the tip of a high mountain . 
 you told us to discover who was in charge and see if we could restore order . 
 well , as far as we can tell , no one is in charge . 
 each city has been left to fend for itself . '' 
 `` what of the council of merchants ? '' 
 bashere said , sitting down with them , knuckling his mustache as he studied the map . 
 `` my scouts say that they still hold some measure of power . '' 
 `` in the cities where they rule , this is true , '' rhuarc said . 
 `` but their influence is weak . 
 there is only one member still in the capital , and she has little control there . 
 we have stopped the fighting in the streets , but only with great effort . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` this is what comes from trying to control more lands than holds and clan . 
 without their king , these domani do not know who is in charge . '' 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` nobody knows , rand al ` thor . 
 he vanished . 
 some say months ago , others say it has been years . '' 
 `` graendal might have him , '' rand whispered , studying the map intently . 
 `` if she 's here . 
 yes , i think she probably is . 
 but where ? 
 she wo n't be in the king 's palace , that 's not her way . 
 she will have some place that is hers , a place where she can display her trophies . 
 a location that would make a trophy itself , but not a place that one would think of immediately . 
 yes , i know . 
 you 're right . 
 that 's how she did it before ... . '' 
 such familiarity ! 
 nynaeve shivered . 
 aviendha knelt beside her , holding out a cup of tea . 
 nynaeve took it , meeting the woman 's eyes , then began to whisper a question . 
 aviendha shook her head curtly . 
 later , her expression seemed to imply . 
 aviendha rose and retreated to the back of the room and then , grimacing , took out her frayed cloth and began pulling the threads out one at a time . 
 what was the point of that ? 
 `` cadsuane , '' rand said , stopping his whispering , speaking up . 
 `` what do you know of the council of merchants ? '' 
 `` they are mostly women , '' cadsuane said , `` and women of great cunning at that . 
 however , they are also a selfish lot . 
 it is their duty to choose the king , and with alsalam 's disappearance , they should have found a replacement . 
 too many of them see this as an opportunity , and that keeps them from reaching an agreement . 
 i can assume that they 've separated in face of this chaos to secure power in their home cities , fighting for position and alliances as they each offer their own choice of king for the others to consider . '' 
 `` and this domani army fighting the seanchan ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` is that their doing ? '' 
 `` i know nothing of that . '' 
 `` you speak of the man rodel ituralde , '' rhuarc said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` he fought well twenty years ago , '' rhuarc said , rubbing his square chin . 
 `` he is of the ones you call a great captain . 
 i should like to dance the spears with him . '' 
 `` you will not , '' rand said sharply . 
 `` not while i live , at least . 
 we will secure this land . '' 
 `` and you expect us to do this without fighting ? '' 
 bael asked . 
 `` this rodel ituralde reportedly fights like a sandstorm against the seanchan , drawing their ire better-even-than you yourself , rand al ` thor . 
 he will not sleep while you conquer his homeland . '' 
 `` once again , '' rand said , `` we are not here to conquer . '' 
 rhuarc sighed . 
 `` then why send us , rand al ` thor ? 
 why not use your aes sedai ? 
 they understand wetlanders . 
 this country is like an entire kingdom of children , and we are too few adults to bring them to obedience . 
 particularly if you forbid us to spank them . '' 
 `` you can fight , '' rand said , `` but only when you need to . 
 rhuarc , this has gone beyond the ability of aes sedai to fix . 
 you can do this . 
 people are intimidated by the aiel ; they will do as you say . 
 if we can stop the domani war with the seanchan , perhaps this daughter of the nine moons will see that i am serious in my desire for peace . 
 then maybe she 'll agree to meet with me . '' 
 `` why not do as you 've done before ? '' 
 bael asked . 
 `` seize the land for your own ? '' 
 bashere nodded , glancing at rand . 
 `` it wo n't work , not this time , '' rand said . 
 `` a war here would take too many resources . 
 you spoke of this ituralde-he 's holding off the seanchan with virtually no supplies and few men . 
 would you have us engage a man that resourceful ? '' 
 how thoughtful bashere seemed , as if he were indeed considering engaging this ituralde . 
 men ! 
 they were all the same . 
 offer them a challenge , and they 'd be curious , no matter that the challenge would likely end with them spitted on a lance . 
 `` there are few men alive like rodel ituralde , '' bashere said . 
 `` he would be a great help to our cause , for certain . 
 i 've always wondered if i could beat him . '' 
 `` no , '' rand said again , looking over the map . 
 from what nynaeve could see , it showed troop concentrations , marked with annotations . 
 the aiel were an organized mess of charcoal marks across the top of arad do-man ; ituralde 's forces were deep into almoth plain , fighting seanchan . 
 the middle of arad doman was a sea of chaotic black annotations , likely the personal forces of various nobles . 
 `` rhuarc , bael , ' rand said . 
 `` i want you to seize the members of the council of merchants . '' 
 the tent was silent . 
 `` are you certain that is wise , boy ? '' 
 cadsuane finally asked . 
 `` they 're in danger from the forsaken , '' rand said , idly tapping the map with his fingers . 
 `` if graendal really has taken alsalam , then getting him back will do us no good . 
 he 'll be so far beneath her compulsion that he 'll barely have the mind of a child . 
 she 's not subtle ; she never has been . 
 we need the council of merchants to choose a new king . 
 that 's the only way to bring this kingdom peace and order . '' 
 bashere nodded . 
 `` it 's bold . '' 
 `` we are not kidnappers , '' bael said , frowning . 
 `` you are what i say you are , bael , '' rand said quietly . 
 `` we are still free people , rand al ` thor , '' rhuarc said . 
 `` i will change the aiel with my passing , '' rand said with a shake of his head . 
 `` i do n't know what you 'll be once this is all through , but you can not remain what you were . 
 i will have you take up this task . 
 of all those who follow me , i trust you the most . 
 if we 're going to take the members of the council without throwing this land further into war , i will need your cunning and stealth . 
 you can prowl into their palaces and manors as you infiltrated the stone of tear . '' 
 rhuarc and bael regarded one another , sharing a frown . 
 `` once you take the council of merchants , '' rand continued , apparently unconcerned about their worries , `` move the aiel into the cities where those merchants ruled . 
 make sure those cities do n't degenerate . 
 restore order as you did in bandar eban . 
 from there , begin hunting bandits and enforcing the law . 
 supplies will soon arrive from the sea folk . 
 take cities on the coast first , then move inland . 
 within a month 's time , the domani should be flowing toward you , rather than running away from you . 
 offer them safety and food , and order will take care of itself . '' 
 a surprisingly rational plan . 
 rand really did have a clever mind , for a man . 
 there was a lot of good in him , perhaps the very soul of a leader , if he could keep his temper in check . 
 rhuarc continued to rub his chin . 
 `` it would help if we had some of your saldaeans , davram bashere . 
 wetlanders do not like following aiel . 
 if they can pretend that wetlanders are in charge , then they will be more likely to come to us . '' 
 bashere laughed . 
 `` we 'll also make nice targets . 
 as soon as we seize a few members of the merchant council , the rest will send assassins after us for certain ! '' 
 rhuarc laughed as if he thought that a grand joke . 
 the aiel sense of humor was its own sort of oddity . 
 `` we will keep you alive , davram bashere . 
 if we do not , we will stuff you and set you on that horse of yours , and you will make a grand quiver for their arrows ! '' 
 bael laughed loudly at this , and the maidens by the doors began another round of handtalk . 
 bashere chuckled , though he did n't seem to understand the humor either . 
 `` you sure this is what you want to do ? '' 
 he asked rand . 
 rand nodded . 
 `` divide some of your forces , send them with aiel groups as rhuarc decides . '' 
 `` and what of ituralde ? '' 
 bashere asked , looking back at the map . 
 `` there wo n't be peace for long once he realizes we 've invaded his homeland . '' 
 rand tapped the map softly for a moment . 
 `` i will deal with him personally , '' he finally said . 
 chapter 8 clean shirts adockmaster 's sky , it was called . 
 those gray clouds , blotting out the sun , temperamental and sullen . 
 perhaps the others-here in the camp just outside of tar valon-hadn ' t noticed the persistent clouds , but siuan had . 
 no sailor would miss them . 
 not dark enough to promise a storm , not light enough to imply smooth waters either . 
 a sky like that was ambiguous . 
 you could set out and never see a drop of rain or a hint of stormwinds . 
 or , with barely a moment 's notice , you could find yourself in the middle of a squall . 
 it was deceitful , that blanket of clouds . 
 most ports charged a daily fee to each vessel moored in their harbors , but on days of storm-when no fisher could make a catch-the fee would be halved , or spared entirely . 
 on a day like this , however , when there were gloomy clouds but no proof of storms , the dockmasters would charge a full day 's rent . 
 and so the fisher had to make a choice . 
 stay in the harbor and wait , or go fishing to recoup the dock fees . 
 most days like this did n't turn stormy . 
 most days like this were safe . 
 but if a storm did come on a day like this , it tended to be very bad . 
 many of the most terrible tempests in history had sprung from a dock-master 's sky . 
 that 's why some fishers had another name for clouds like those . 
 they called them a lionfish 's veil . 
 and it had been days since the sky had offered anything different . 
 siuan shivered , pulling her shawl close . 
 it was a bad sign . 
 she doubted many fishers had chosen to go out this day . 
 `` siuan ? '' 
 lelaine asked , voice tinged with annoyance . 
 `` do hurry up . 
 and i do n't want to hear any more superstitious nonsense about the sky . 
 honestly . '' 
 the tall aes sedai turned away and continued along the walk . 
 superstitious ? 
 siuan thought indignantly . 
 a thousand generations of-wisdom is n't superstition . 
 it 's good sense ! 
 but she said nothing , and hurried after lelaine . 
 around her , the camp of aes sedai loyal to egwene continued its daily activities , as steady as a clock 's gears . 
 if there was one thing aes sedai were good at , it was creating order . 
 tents were arranged in clusters , by ajah , as if to imitate the white tower 's layout . 
 there were few men , and most of those who passed-soldiers on errands from gareth bryne 's armies , grooms caring for horses-were quick to be about their duties . 
 they were far outnumbered by worker women , many of whom had gone so far as to embroider the pattern of the flame of tar valon on their skirts or bodices . 
 one of the only oddities about the village-if one ignored the fact that there were tents instead of rooms and wooden walkways instead of tiled hallways-was the number of novices . 
 there were hundreds and hundreds . 
 in fact , the number had to be over a thousand now , many more than the tower had held in recent memory . 
 once the aes sedai were reunited , novices ' quarters that had n't been used in decades would have to be reopened . 
 they might even need the second kitchen . 
 these novices bustled around in families , and most of the aes sedai tried to ignore them . 
 some did this out of habit ; who paid attention to novices ? 
 but others did so out of displeasure . 
 by their estimation , women aged enough to be mothers and grandmothers-indeed , many who were mothers and grandmothers-shouldn ' t have been entered into the novice book . 
 but what could be done ? 
 egwene al ` vere , the amyrlin seat , had declared that it should happen . 
 siuan could still sense shock in some of the aes sedai she passed . 
 egwene was to have been carefully controlled . 
 what had gone wrong ? 
 when had the amyrlin gotten away from them ? 
 siuan would have taken more smug delight from those looks if she had n't herself worried about egwene 's continued captivity in the white tower . 
 that was a lionfish 's veil indeed . 
 potential for great success , but also for great disaster . 
 she hurried after lelaine . 
 `` what is the status of the negotiations ? '' 
 lelaine asked , not bothering to look at siuan . 
 you could go to one of the sessions yourself and find out , siuan thought . 
 but lelaine wanted to be seen supervising , not taking an active hand . 
 and asking siuan , in the open , was also a calculated move . 
 siuan was known as one of egwene 's confidants and still carried some measure of notoriety for having been amyrlin herself . 
 the things siuan said to lelaine were n't important ; being seen saying them , however , increased the woman 's influence in camp . 
 `` they do n't go well , lelaine , '' siuan said . 
 `` elaida 's emissaries never promise anything , and seem indignant any time we raise important topics , like reinstating the blue ajah . 
 i doubt they have any real authority from elaida to make binding agreements . '' 
 `` hmm , '' lelaine said thoughtfully , nodding to a group of novices . 
 they bobbed into curtsies . 
 in a shrewd decision , lelaine had begun talking very acceptingly of the new novices . 
 romanda 's dislike of them was well known ; now that egwene was gone , romanda had begun to imply that once reconciliation was achieved , this `` foolishness '' with the aged novices would have to be dealt with swiftly . 
 however , more and more of the other sisters were seeing egwene 's wisdom . 
 there was great strength among the new novices , and not a few would be raised to accepted the moment the white tower was achieved . 
 recently-by offering tacit acceptance of these women-lelaine had given herself yet another tie to egwene . 
 siuan eyed the retreating family of novices . 
 they had curtsied to lelaine almost as quickly and as deferentially as they would have to the amyrlin . 
 it was becoming clear that , after months at a stalemate , lelaine was winning the battle against romanda for superiority . 
 and that was a very large problem . 
 siuan did n't dislike lelaine . 
 she was capable , strong-willed and decisive . 
 they had been friends once , though their relationship had changed drastically with siuan 's changed position . 
 yes , she might say she liked lelaine . 
 but she did n't trust the woman , and she particularly did n't want to see her as amyrlin . 
 in another era , lelaine would have done well in the position . 
 but this world needed egwene , and-friendship or not-siuan could n't afford to let this woman displace the rightful amyrlin . 
 and she had to make certain lelaine was n't taking action to prevent egwene 's return . 
 `` well , '' lelaine said , `` we shall have to discuss the negotiations in the hall . 
 the amyrlin wants them to continue , so we certainly ca n't let them stop . 
 yet there must be a way to make them effective . 
 the amyrlin 's desires must be seen to , would n't you say ? '' 
 `` undoubtedly , '' siuan replied flatly . 
 lelaine eyed her , and siuan cursed herself for letting her emotions show . 
 lelaine needed to believe that siuan was on her side . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lelaine . 
 that woman has me in a fury . 
 why does elaida hold talks if she wo n't concede a single point ? '' 
 lelaine nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 but who can say why elaida does what she does ? 
 the amyrlin 's reports indicate that elaida 's leadership of the tower has been ... erratic at best . '' 
 siuan simply nodded . 
 fortunately , lelaine did n't seem to suspect siuan 's disloyalty . 
 or she did n't care about it . 
 it was remarkable how innocuous the women thought siuan was , now that her power had been so greatly reduced . 
 being weak was a new experience . 
 from her very early days in the white tower , sisters had noted her strength and her sharpness of mind . 
 whispers of her becoming amyrlin had begun almost immediately-at times , it seemed that the pattern itself had pushed siuan directly into the seat . 
 though her hasty ascent to amyrlin while so young had come as a surprise to many , she herself had not been shocked . 
 when you fished with squid as bait , you should n't be surprised to catch fangfish . 
 if you wanted to catch eels , you used something else entirely . 
 when she 'd first been healed , her reduced power had been a disappointment . 
 but that was changing . 
 yes , it was infuriating to be beneath so many , to lack respect from those around her . 
 however , because she was weaker in power , many seemed to assume she was weaker in political skill as well ! 
 could people really forget so quickly ? 
 she was finding her new status among the aes sedai to be liberating . 
 `` yes , '' lelaine said as she nodded to another group of novices , `` i believe that it is time to send envoys to the kingdoms that al ` thor has n't conquered . 
 we may not hold the white tower itself , but that is no reason to abandon our political stewardship of the world . '' 
 `` yes , lelaine , '' siuan said . 
 `` but are you certain that romanda wo n't argue against that ? '' 
 `` why would she ? '' 
 lelaine said dismissively . 
 `` it would n't make sense . '' 
 `` little romanda does makes sense , '' siuan said . 
 `` i think she disagrees just to spite you . 
 but i did see her chatting with maralenda earlier in the week . '' 
 lelaine frowned . 
 maralenda was a distant cousin to the trakand line . 
 siuan covered a smile . 
 it was amazing how much you could accomplish when people dismissed you . 
 how many women had she dismissed because they lacked visible power ? 
 how often had she been manipulated much as she now manipulated lelaine ? 
 `` i shall look into it , '' lelaine said . 
 it did n't matter what she discovered ; as long as she was kept busy worrying about romanda , she would n't be able to spend as much time stealing power from egwene . 
 egwene . 
 the amyrlin needed to hurry up and finish with her plotting in the white tower . 
 what good would it do to undermine elaida if the aes sedai outside crumbled while egwene was n't watching ? 
 siuan could only keep romanda and lelaine distracted for so long , particularly now that lelaine held such a distinct advantage . 
 light ! 
 some days , she felt that she was trying to juggle buttered live silverpike . 
 siuan checked the position of the sun behind that dockmaster 's sky . 
 it was late afternoon . 
 `` fish guts , '' she muttered . 
 `` i 'll need to be going , lelaine . '' 
 lelaine glanced at her . 
 `` you have washing , i presume ? 
 for that ruffian of a general of yours ? '' 
 `` he 's not a ruffian , '' siuan snapped , then cursed herself . 
 she 'd lose much of her advantage if she kept snapping at those who thought themselves her betters . 
 lelaine smiled , eyes twinkling as if she knew something special . 
 insufferable woman . 
 friend or not , siuan had half a mind to wipe ... no . 
 `` i apologize , lelaine , '' siuan forced out . 
 `` i get on edge , thinking of what that man demands of me . '' 
 `` yes , '' lelaine said , downturning her lips . 
 `` i 've considered on this , siuan . 
 the amyrlin may have suffered bryne 's bullying of a sister , but i wo n't stand for it . 
 you 're one of my attendants now . '' 
 one of your attendants ? 
 siuan thought . 
 / thought that i was just supposed to support you until egwene returned . 
 `` yes , '' lelaine mused , `` i should think it 's time to put an end to your servitude to bryne . 
 i shall pay off your debt , siuan . '' 
 `` pay off my debt ? '' 
 siuan said , feeling a moment of panic . 
 `` is that wise ? 
 not that i would n't mind being free of that man , of course , but my position offers me quite useful opportunities for listening in on his plans . '' 
 `` plans ? '' 
 lelaine asked , frowning . 
 siuan cringed inwardly . 
 the last thing she wanted was to imply wrongdoing on bryne 's part . 
 light , the man was strict enough to make warders look sloppy in keeping their oaths . 
 she should just let lelaine end this foolish servitude , but the thought made her stomach churn . 
 bryne was already disappointed that she 'd broken her oath to him months before . 
 well , she had n't broken that oath - she 'd just postponed her period of service . 
 but try convincing the stubborn fool of that fact ! 
 if she took the easy way out now , what would he think of her ? 
 he 'd think that he 'd won , that she 'd proven herself unable to keep her word . 
 there was no way she 'd let that happen . 
 besides , she was n't about to let lelaine be the one who freed her . 
 that would just move her debt from bryne to lelaine . 
 the aes sedai would collect it in far more subtle ways , but each coin would end up being paid one way or another , if only through demands of loyalty . 
 `` lelaine , '' siuan said softly , `` i do n't suspect the good general of anything . 
 however , he controls our armies . 
 can he really be trusted to do as required without any supervision ? '' 
 lelaine sniffed . 
 `` i 'm not certain any man can be trusted without direction . '' 
 `` i hate doing his laundry , '' siuan said . 
 well , she did . 
 even if she would n't be stopped from doing it for all of the gold in tar valon . 
 `` but if the duty keeps me close , with a listening ear ... . '' 
 `` yes , '' lelaine said , nodding slowly . 
 `` yes , i see that you are right . 
 i will not forget your sacrifice , siuan . 
 very well , you are dismissed . '' 
 lelaine turned , glancing down at her hand , as if longing for something . 
 probably wishing for the day when-as amyrlin-she could offer her great serpent ring for a kiss when she parted ways with another sister . 
 light , but egwene needed to return soon . 
 buttered silverpike ! 
 buttered , flaming silverpike ! 
 siuan made her way toward the edge of the aes sedai camp . 
 bryne 's army surrounded the aes sedai camp in a large ring , but she was on the far side of the ring from bryne . 
 it would take a good half-hour to walk to his command post . 
 fortunately , she found a wagon driver who was taking a load of supplies , brought through a gateway , to the army . 
 the short , grizzled man immediately agreed to let her ride with the turnips , though he did seem puzzled why she did n't go get a horse , as befitted an aes sedai 's station . 
 well , it was n't that far , and riding with vegetables was a iate far less undignified than being forced to jounce around on the back of a horse . 
 if gareth bryne wanted to complain about her tardiness , then he 'd get an earful , he would ! 
 she settled back against a lumpy sack of turnips , brown-skirted legs hanging over the back of the wagon . 
 as the cart rolled up a slight incline , she could see over the aes sedai camp-with its white tents and citylike organization . 
 ringed around it was the army , with smaller tents in neat straight lines , and ringed around them was a growing ring of camp followers . 
 beyond it all , the landscape was brown , the winter snows melted , but spring sprouts scarce . 
 the countryside was pocketed with thickets of scrub oak ; shadows in valleys and twisting lines of chimney smoke pointed to distant villages . 
 it was surprising how familiar , how welcome , these grasslands felt . 
 when she had first come to the white tower , she 'd been sure she 'd never come to love this landlocked countryside . 
 now she had lived much more of her life in tar valon than she had in tear . 
 it was difficult at times to recall that girl who had sewn nets and gone on early-morning trawling trips with her father . 
 she 'd become something else , a woman who traded in secrets rather than fish . 
 secrets , those powerful , dominating secrets . 
 they had become her life . 
 no love save for youthful dalliances . 
 no time for entanglements , or much room for friendships . 
 she 'd focused on only one thing : finding the dragon reborn . 
 helping him , guiding him , hopefully controlling him . 
 moiraine had died following that same quest , but at least she had been able to go out and see the world . 
 siuan had grown old-in spirit , if not in body-cooped up in the tower , pulling her strings and nudging the world . 
 she 'd done some good . 
 time would tell if those efforts had been enough . 
 she did n't regret her life . 
 yet , at this moment , passing army tents - holes and broken ruts in the path shaking the cart , making it rattle like dried fishbones in a kettle-she envied moiraine . 
 how often had siuan bothered to look out of her window toward the beautiful green landscape , before it all had started going sickly ? 
 she and moiraine had fought so hard to save this world , but they had left themselves without anything to enjoy in it . 
 perhaps siuan had made a mistake in staying with the blue , unlike leane , who had taken the opportunity in their stilling and healing to change to the green ajah . 
 no , siuan thought , wagon rattling , smelling of bitter turnips . 
 no , i 'm still focused on saving this blasted world . 
 there would be no switching to the green for her . 
 though , thinking of bryne , she did wish that the blue were a little more like the green in certain ways . 
 siuan the amyrlin had n't had any time for entanglements , but what of siuan the attendant ? 
 guiding people with quiet manipulations required a lot more skill than bullying them with the power of the amyrlin seat , and it was proving more fulfilling . 
 but it also left her without the crushing weight of responsibility she 'd felt during her years leading the white tower . 
 was there , perhaps , room in her life for a few more changes ? 
 the wagon reached the far side of the army camp , and she shook her head at her own foolishness as she hopped down , then nodded her thanks to the wagon driver . 
 was she a girl , barely old enough for her first full-day blackfish trawl ? 
 there was no use in thinking of bryne that way . 
 at least not right now . 
 there was too much to do . 
 she walked along the perimeter of the camp , army tents to her left . 
 it was growing dark , and lanterns burning precious oil illuminated disorganized shanties and tents to her right . 
 ahead of her , a small circular palisade rose on the army side . 
 it did n't enclose the entire army-in fact , it was only big enough for several dozen officer tents and some larger command tents . 
 it was to act as a fortification in an emergency , but always as a center of operations-bryne felt it good to have a physical barrier separating the larger camp from the place where he held conference with his officers . 
 with the confusion of the civilian camp , and with such a long border to patrol , it would be too easy for spies to approach his tents otherwise . 
 the palisade was only about three-quarters done , but work was progressing quickly . 
 perhaps he would choose to surround the entire army , eventually , if the siege continued long enough . 
 for now , bryne felt that the small , fortified command post would not only suggest security to the soldiers , but also lend them a sense of authority . 
 the eight-foot wooden stakes rose from the ground ahead , a line of sentinels standing side by side , points raised to the sky . 
 while holding a siege one generally had a lot of manpower for work like this . 
 the guards at the palisade gate knew to let her pass , and she quickly made her way to bryne 's tent . 
 she did have washing to do , but most of it would probably have to wait until the morning . 
 she was supposed to meet egwene in tel ` aran ` rhiod as soon as it grew dark , and the glow of the sunset was already beginning to fade . 
 bryne 's tent , as usual , shone with only a very faint light . 
 while people outside squandered their oil , he scrimped . 
 most of his men lived better than he did . 
 fool man . 
 siuan pushed her way into the tent without calling . 
 if he was foolish enough to change without going behind the screen , then he was foolish enough to be seen doing it . 
 he was seated at his desk working by the light of a solitary candle . 
 he appeared to be reading scout reports . 
 siuan sniffed , letting the tent flaps droop closed behind her . 
 not a single lamp ! 
 that man ! 
 `` you will ruin your eyes reading by such poor light , gareth bryne . '' 
 `` i have read by the light of a single candle for most of my life , siuan , '' he said , turning over a page and not looking up . 
 `` and i 'll have you know that my eyesight is the same as it was when i was a boy . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 siuan said . 
 `` so you 're saying that your eyesight was poor to begin with ? '' 
 bryne grinned , but continued his reading . 
 siuan sniffed again , loudly , to make sure he heard . 
 then she wove a globe of light and sent it hovering over beside his desk . 
 fool man . 
 she would n't have him going so blind he fell in battle to an attack he did n't see . 
 after setting the light beside his head-perhaps too close for him to be comfortable with it without scooting over-she walked over to pluck clothing off the drying line she 'd strung across the center of the tent . 
 he 'd voiced no complaint about her using the inside of his tent for drying laundry , and had n't taken it down . 
 that was a disappointment . 
 she 'd been anticipating chastising him for that . 
 `` a woman from the camp outside approached me today , '' bryne said , shifting his chair to the side , then picking up another stack of pages . 
 `` she offered me laundry service . 
 she 's organizing a group of washwomen in the camp , and she claimed that she could do my wash more quickly and effectively than a single distracted maidservant could . '' 
 siuan froze , sparing a glance at bryne , who was looking through his papers . 
 his strong jaw was lit on the left by the even white light of her globe and on the right by the flickering orange candlelight . 
 some men were made weak by age , others were made to look tired or slovenly . 
 bryne had simply become distinguished , like a pillar , crafted by a master stonemason , then left to the elements . 
 age had n't reduced bryne 's effectiveness or his strength . 
 it had simply given him character , dusting his temples with silver , creasing his firm face with lines of wisdom . 
 `` and what did you tell this woman ? '' 
 she asked . 
 bryne turned a page over . 
 `` i told her that i was satisfied with my laundry . '' 
 he looked up at her . 
 `` i have to say , siuan , that i 'm surprised . 
 i had assumed that an aes sedai would know little of work such as this , but rarely have my uniforms known such a perfect combination of stiffness and comfort . 
 you are to be commended . '' 
 siuan turned away from him , hiding her blush . 
 fool man ! 
 she had caused kings to kneel before her ! 
 she manipulated the aes sedai and planned for the deliverance of mankind itself ! 
 and he complimented her on her laundering skills ? 
 the thing was , from bryne , that was an honest and meaningful compliment . 
 he did n't look down on washwomen , or on runner boys . 
 he treated all with equity . 
 a person did n't gain stature in gareth bryne 's eyes by being a king or queen ; one gained stature by keeping to one 's oaths and doing one 's duty . 
 to him , a compliment on laundry well done was as meaningful as a medal awarded to a soldier who had stood his ground before the enemy . 
 she glanced back at him . 
 he was still watching her . 
 fool man ! 
 she hurriedly took down another of his shirts and began folding it . 
 `` you never did explain to my satisfaction why you broke your oath , '' he said . 
 siuan froze , looking at the back wall of the tent , splayed with shadows of the still-hanging laundry . 
 `` i thought that you understood , '' she said , continuing to fold . 
 `` i had important information for the aes sedai in sali-dar . 
 besides , i could n't very well let logain run about free , now could i ? 
 i had to find him and get him to salidar . '' 
 `` those are excuses , '' bryne said . 
 `` oh , i know that they 're true . 
 but you 're aes sedai . 
 you can cite four facts and use them to hide the real truth as effectively as another might use lies . '' 
 `` so you claim i 'm a liar ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` just an oathbreaker . '' 
 she glanced at him , eyes widening . 
 why , she 'd let him hear the rough side of . 
 ... she hesitated . 
 he was watching her , bathed in the glow of the two lights , eyes thoughtful . 
 reserved , but not accusatory . 
 `` that question drove me here , you know , '' he said . 
 `` it 's why i hunted you all that way . 
 it 's why i finally swore to these rebel aes sedai , though i had little wish to be pulled into yet another war at tar valon . 
 i did it all because i needed to understand . 
 i had to know . 
 why ? 
 why did the woman with those eyes - those passionate , haunting eyes-break her oath ? '' 
 `` i told you i was going to return to you and fulfill that oath , '' siuan said , turning away from him and snapping a shirt in front of her to un-wrinkle it . 
 `` another excuse , '' he said softly . 
 `` another answer from an aes sedai . 
 will i ever have the full truth from you , siuan sanche ? 
 has anyone ever had it ? '' 
 he sighed , and she heard papers rustle , the candle 's light flickering in the faint stir of his movements as he turned back to his reports . 
 `` when i was still an accepted in the white tower , '' siuan said softly , `` i was one of four people present when a foretelling announced the imminent birth of the dragon reborn on the slopes of dragonmount . '' 
 his rustling froze . 
 `` one of the two others present , '' siuan continued , `` died on the spot . 
 the other died soon after . 
 i 'm confident that she-the amyrlin seat herself-was murdered by the black ajah . 
 yes , it exists . 
 if you tell anyone that i admitted that fact , i 'll have your tongue . 
 `` anyway , before she died , the amyrlin sent aes sedai out hunting the dragon . 
 one by one , those women vanished . 
 the blacks must have tortured their names out of tamra before killing her . 
 she would not have given up those names easily . 
 i still shiver , sometimes , thinking about what she must have gone through . 
 `` soon , there were just the two of us left who knew . 
 moiraine and me . 
 we were n't supposed to hear the foretelling . 
 we were just accepted , in the room by happenstance . 
 i believe that tamra was somehow able to withhold our names from the blacks , for if she had n't , we 'd have undoubtedly been murdered like the others . 
 `` that left two of us . 
 the only two in all of the world who knew what was coming . 
 at least , the only two who served the light . 
 and so i did what i had to , gareth bryne . 
 i dedicated my life to preparing for the dragon 's coming . 
 i swore to see us through the last battle . 
 to do whatever was necessary-whatever was necessary-to bear the burden i had been given . 
 there was only one other person i knew i could trust , and she is now dead . '' 
 siuan turned , meeting his eyes across the tent . 
 a breeze rippled the walls and fluttered the candle , but bryne sat still , watching her . 
 `` so you see , gareth bryne , '' she said . 
 `` i had to delay fulfilling my oath to you because of other oaths . 
 i swore to see this through to the end , and the dragon has not yet met his destiny at shayol ghul . 
 a person 's oaths must follow their order of importance . 
 when i swore to you , i did not promise to serve you immediately . 
 i was intentionally careful on that point . 
 you will call it an aes sedai wordplay . 
 i would call it something else . '' 
 `` which is ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` doing what was necessary to protect you , your lands and your people , gareth bryne . 
 you blame me for the loss of a barn and some cows . 
 well , then i suggest that you consider the cost to your people should the dragon reborn fail . 
 sometimes , prices must be paid so that a more important duty can be served . 
 i would expect a soldier to understand that . '' 
 `` you should have told me , '' he said , still meeting her eyes . 
 `` you should have explained who you were . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 siuan asked . 
 `` would you have believed me ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` besides , '' she said frankly , `` i did n't trust you . 
 our previous meeting had not been particularly ... amicable , as i recall . 
 could i have taken that risk , gareth bryne , on a man i did not know ? 
 could i have given him control over the secrets i alone know , secrets that needed to be passed on to the new amyrlin seat ? 
 should i have spared even a moment when the entire world was wearing the hangman 's noose ? '' 
 she held those eyes , demanding an answer . 
 `` no , '' he finally admitted . 
 `` burn me , siuan , but no . 
 you should n't have waited . 
 you should n't have made that oath in the first place ! '' 
 `` you should have been more careful to listen , '' she said , finally breaking his gaze with a sniff . 
 `` i suggest that if you swear someone into service in the future , you be careful to stipulate a time frame for that service . '' 
 bryne grunted and siuan whipped the final shirt off of the drying line , causing it to shake , making a blurry shadow on the back wall of the tent . 
 `` well , '' bryne said , `` i told myself i 'd only hold you to work as long as it took me to get that answer . 
 now i know . 
 i would say that - '' `` stop ! '' 
 siuan snapped , spinning on him and pointing . 
 `` but - '' `` do n't say it , '' she threatened . 
 `` i 'll gag you and leave you hanging in the air until sundown tomorrow . 
 do n't think that i wo n't . '' 
 bryne sat , silent . 
 `` i 'm not finished with you yet , gareth bryne . '' 
 she whipped the shirt in her hands , then folded it . 
 `` i shall tell you when i am . '' 
 `` light , woman , '' he muttered , almost under his breath . 
 `` if i 'd known you were aes sedai before chasing you to salidar ... if i 'd known what i was doing ... . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` you would n't have hunted me down ? '' 
 `` of course i would have , '' he said indignantly . 
 `` i 'd have just been more careful , and perhaps come better prepared . 
 i went off hunting boars with a rabbit knife instead of a spear ! '' 
 siuan set the folded shirt on top of the others , then picked up the stack . 
 she gave him a suffering look . 
 `` i will do my best to pretend that you did n't just compare me to a boar , bryne . 
 kindly be a little more cautious with your tongue . 
 otherwise , you 'll find yourself without a maidservant , and you 'll have to let those ladies in the camp take up your laundry . '' 
 he gave her a bemused look . 
 then he just laughed . 
 she failed at keeping her own grin to herself . 
 well , after that exchange , he would know who was in control of this association . 
 but ... light ! 
 why had she told him about the foretelling ? 
 she 'd rarely told anyone about that ! 
 as she packed the shirts in his trunk , she glanced at bryne , who was still shaking his head and chuckling . 
 when other oaths no longer have a hold on me , she thought . 
 when i 'm certain the dragon reborn is doing what he is supposed to , perhaps there will be time . 
 for once , i 'm actually starting to look forward to being done with this quest . 
 how remarkable . 
 `` you should be bedding down , siuan , '' bryne said . 
 `` it 's early yet , '' she said . 
 `` yes , but it 's sunset . 
 every third day you bed down uncharacteristically early , wearing that odd ring you have hidden between the cushions of your pallet . '' 
 he turned over a paper on his desk . 
 `` please give my kind regards to the amyrlin . '' 
 she turned toward him , slack-jawed . 
 he could n't know about tel ` aran ` rhiod , could he ? 
 she caught him smiling in satisfaction . 
 well , perhaps he did n't know about tel ` aran ` rhiod , but he 'd obviously guessed that the ring and her schedule had something to do with communicating with egwene . 
 sly . 
 he glanced over the top of his papers at her as she passed , and his eyes had a twinkle to them . 
 `` insufferable man , '' she muttered , sitting down on her pallet and dismissing her globe of light . 
 then she sheepishly fished out the ring ter ` an-greal and put it around her neck , turned her back on him and lay down , trying to will herself to sleep . 
 she made certain to rise early every third day so that she 'd be tired at night . 
 she wished she could put herself to sleep as easily as egwene did . 
 insufferable ... insufferable man ! 
 she 'd have to do something to get back at him . 
 mice in the bedsheets . 
 that would be a good payback . 
 she lay for too long a time , but eventually coaxed herself to sleep , smiling faintly to herself at the prospect of an apt revenge . 
 she awoke in tel ` aran ` rhiod wearing nothing but a scandalous , barely covering slip . 
 she yelped , immediately replacing that-through concentration-with a green dress . 
 green ? 
 why green ? 
 she made it blue . 
 light ! 
 how was it that egwene was always so good at controlling things in tel ` aran ` rbiod while siuan could barely keep her clothing from switching at every idle thought ? 
 it must have something to do with the fact that siuan had to wear this inferior ter ` angreal copy , which did n't work as well as the original . 
 it made her look insubstantial to others who saw her . 
 she was standing in the middle of the aes sedai camp , surrounded by tents . 
 the flaps of any given structure would be open one moment , then closed the next . 
 the sky was troubled by a violent , yet strangely silent , storm . 
 curious , but things were often strange in tel ` aran ` rhiod . 
 she closed her eyes , willing herself to appear in the study of the mistress of novices in the white tower . 
 when she opened her eyes , she was there . 
 a small , wood-paneled room with a stout desk and a table for strappings . 
 she would have liked to have the original ring , but that was carefully kept by the sitters . 
 she should be thankful for even a small catch , as her father had been fond of saying . 
 she could have been left without any of the rings . 
 the sitters thought this one had been with leane when she 'd been captured . 
 was leane all right ? 
 at any moment , the false amyrlin could opt for execution . 
 siuan knew all too well how spiteful elaida could be ; she still felt a stab of sorrow when she thought of poor alric . 
 had elaida felt a single moment of guilt over murdering a warder in cold blood , before the woman she was tearing down had been properly deposed ? 
 `` a sword , siuan ? '' 
 egwene 's voice suddenly asked . 
 `` that 's novel . '' 
 siuan looked down , shocked to find herself holding a bloody sword , likely intended for elaida 's heart . 
 she made it vanish , then regarded egwene . 
 the girl looked the part of the amyrlin , wearing that magnificent golden gown , her brown hair in an intricate arrangement set with pearls . 
 her face was n't ageless yet , but egwene was getting very good at the calm serenity of an aes sedai . 
 in fact , she seemed to have grown measurably better at that since her capture . 
 `` you look well , mother , '' siuan said . 
 `` thank you , '' egwene said , with a faint smile . 
 she showed more of herself around siuan than she did the others . 
 they both knew how heavily egwene had relied on siuan 's teaching to get where she was . 
 though she 'd probably have made it there anyway , siuan admitted . 
 just not quite as quickly . 
 egwene glanced at the toom around them , then grimaced faintly . 
 `` i realize i suggested this location last time , but i have seen enough of this room lately . 
 i will meet you in the novices ' dining hall . '' 
 she vanished . 
 an odd choice , but very unlikely to conceal unwanted ears . 
 siuan and egwene were n't the only ones who used tel ` aran ` rhiod for clandestine meetings . 
 siuan closed her eyes-she did n't need to , but it seemed to help her-and imagined the novices ' dining hall , with its rows of benches and its bare walls . 
 when she opened her eyes , she was there , as was egwene . 
 the amyrlin settled back and a majestic stuffed chair appeared behind her , catching her gracefully as she sat . 
 siuan did n't trust herself to do anything so complicated ; she simply sat down on one of the benches . 
 `` i think we may want to start meeting more frequently , mother , '' siuan said , tapping the table as she ordered her thoughts . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 egwene asked , sitting up straighter . 
 `` has something happened ? '' 
 `` several somethings , '' siuan said , `` and i 'm afraid a few of them smell as ripe as last week 's catch . '' 
 tell me . 
 `` one of the forsaken was in our camp , '' siuan said . 
 she had n't wanted to think about that too frequently . 
 the knowledge made her skin crawl . 
 `` is anyone dead ? '' 
 egwene asked , voice calm though her eyes looked to be steel . 
 `` no , bless the light , '' siuan said . 
 `` other than those you already know about . 
 romanda made the connection . 
 egwene , the creature had been with us for some time , in hiding . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` delana mosalaine , '' siuan said . 
 `` or her serving woman , halima . 
 most likely halima , as i 've known delana for a great long time . '' 
 egwene 's eyes widened just faintly . 
 halima had waited on egwene . 
 egwene had been touched and served by one of the forsaken . 
 she took the news well . 
 like an amyrlin . 
 `` but anaiya was killed by a man , '' egwene said . 
 `` were those murders different ? '' 
 `` no . 
 anaiya was n't murdered by a man , but by a woman wielding saidin . 
 it must have been-it 's the only thing that makes sense . '' 
 egwene nodded slowly . 
 anything was possible where the dark one was concerned . 
 siuan smiled in satisfaction and pride . 
 this girl was learning to be amyrlin . 
 light , she was amyrlin ! 
 `` there 's more ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` not much more on this topic , '' siuan said . 
 `` they got away from us , unfortunately . 
 disappeared the very day we discovered them . '' 
 `` what warned them , i wonder . '' 
 `` well , that involves one of the other things i need to tell you . '' 
 siuan took a deep breath . 
 the worst of it was out , but this next part would n't be much easier to stomach . 
 `` there was a meeting of the hall that day , attended by delana . 
 in that meeting , an asha ` man announced that he could sense a man channeling in the camp . 
 we think that is what informed her . 
 it was n't until after delana fled that we made the connection . 
 it was that same asha ` man who told us that his fellow had encountered a woman who could channel saidin . '' 
 `` and why was an asha ` man in the camp ? '' 
 egwene asked coolly . 
 `` he 'd been sent as an envoy , '' siuan explained . 
 `` from the dragon reborn . 
 mother , it appears some of the men who follow al ` thor have bonded aes sedai . '' 
 egwene blinked a single time . 
 `` yes . 
 i had heard rumors of this . 
 i had hoped that they were exaggerated . 
 did this asha ` man say who gave rand permission to commit such an atrocity ? '' 
 `` he 's the dragon reborn , '' siuan said , grimacing . 
 `` i do n't think he feels he needs permission . 
 but , in his defense , it appears he did n't know it was happening . 
 the women his men bonded were sent by elaida to destroy the black tower . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 egwene finally showed a sliver of emotion . 
 `` so the rumors are accurate . 
 all too accurate . '' 
 her beautiful dress retained its shape , but bled to a deep brown in color , like aiel clothing . 
 egwene did n't seem to notice the change . 
 `` will elaida 's reign of disasters never cease ? '' 
 siuan just shook her head . 
 `` we 've been offered forty-seven asha ` man to bond as restitution , of sorts , for the women al ` thor 's men bonded . 
 hardly a fair trade , but the hall decided to accept the offer nonetheless . '' 
 `` as well they should have , '' egwene said . 
 `` we shall have to deal with the dragon 's foolishness at a later date . 
 perhaps his men acted without his direct orders , but rand must take responsibility . 
 men . 
 bonding women ! '' 
 `` they claim saidin is cleansed , '' siuan said . 
 egwene raised an eyebrow , but did not object . 
 `` yes , '' she said , `` i suppose that might be a reasonable possibility . 
 we will need further confirmation , of course . 
 but the taint arrived when all seemed won ; why should it not leave when all seems to be approaching pure madness ? '' 
 `` i had n't considered it that way , '' siuan said . 
 `` well , what should we do , mother ? '' 
 `` let the hall deal with it , '' egwene said . 
 `` it seems they have matters in hand . '' 
 `` they 'd be better at keeping them in hand if you 'd return , mother . '' 
 `` eventually , '' egwene said . 
 she sat back and laced her fingers in her lap , somehow looking far older than her face would suggest . 
 `` my work is here , for now . 
 you 'll have to see that the hall does as it should . 
 i have great faith in you . '' 
 `` and it 's appreciated , mother , '' siuan said , keeping her frustration inside . 
 `` but i 'm losing control of them . 
 lelaine has begun to set herself up as a second amyrlin-and is doing it by pretending to support you . 
 she 's seen that appearing to act in your name serves herself . '' 
 egwene pursed her lips . 
 `` i would have thought romanda would take the advantage , considering that she discovered the forsaken . '' 
 `` i think she assumed she 'd hold the advantage , '' siuan said , `` but she spent too long basking in her victory . 
 lelaine has , with no small effort , become the most devoted servant of the amyrlin who has ever lived . 
 you would think that you and she were the closest of confidants , to hear her speak ! 
 she 's appropriated me as her attendant , and each time the hall meets it 's ` egwene wanted this ' and ` remember what egwene said when we did that . ' '' 
 `` clever , '' egwene said . 
 `` brilliant , '' siuan said , sighing . 
 `` but we knew one of them was eventually going to claw her way ahead of the other . 
 i keep diverting her toward romanda , but i do n't know how long i can keep her distracted . '' 
 `` do your best , '' egwene said . 
 `` but do n't worry if lelaine refuses to be diverted . '' 
 siuan frowned . 
 `` but she 's usurping your place ! '' 
 `` by building upon it , '' egwene said , smiling . 
 she finally noticed that her dress had changed to brown , for she switched it back in a heartbeat , not breaking the conversation . 
 `` lelaine 's gambit will only succeed if i fail to return . 
 she is using me as a source of authority . 
 when i return , she 'll have no choice but to accept my leadership . 
 she 'll have spent all of her effort building me up . '' 
 `` and if you do n't return , mother ? '' 
 siuan asked softly . 
 `` then it will be better for the aes sedai to have a strong leader , '' egwene said . 
 `` if lelaine has been the one to secure that strength , then so be it . '' 
 `` she has good reason to make certain you do n't return , you know , '' siuan said . 
 `` at the very least , she 's betting against you . '' 
 `` well , she ca n't very well be blamed for that . '' 
 egwene let down her guard enough to show a grimace . 
 `` i 'd be tempted to bet against myself , if i were on the outside . 
 you 'll simply have to deal with her , siuan . 
 i ca n't let myself be distracted . 
 not when i see so much potential for success here , and not when there is an even greater price for failure . '' 
 siuan knew that stubborn set to egwene 's jaw . 
 there would be no persuading her tonight . 
 siuan would simply have to try again during their next meeting . 
 all of it-the cleansing , the asha ` man , the crumbling of the tower - made her shiver uncomfortably . 
 though she 'd been preparing for these days for most of her life , it was still unsettling to have them finally arrive . 
 `` the last battle really is coming , '' siuan said , mostly to herself . 
 `` it is , '' egwene said , voice solemn . 
 `` and i 'm going to face it with barely a lick of my former power , '' siuan said , grimacing . 
 `` well , perhaps we can get you an angreal once the tower is whole again , '' egwene said . 
 `` we 'll be using everything we have when we ride against the shadow . '' 
 siuan smiled . 
 `` that would be nice , but not necessary . 
 i 'm just grumbling out of habit , suppose . 
 i 'm actually learning to deal with my ... new situation . 
 it 's not so difficult to stomach , now that i see that it has some advantages . '' 
 egwene frowned , as if trying to figure out what advantages there could be in lessened power . 
 finally , she shook her head . 
 `` elayne once mentioned a room to me in the tower , filled with objects of power . 
 i assume it really exists ? '' 
 `` of course , '' siuan said . 
 `` the basement storeroom . 
 it 's in the second level of the basement , on the northeast side . 
 little room with a plain wooden door , but you ca n't miss it . 
 it 's the only one in the hallway that is locked . '' 
 egwene nodded to herself . 
 `` well , i ca n't defeat elaida through brute force . 
 still , it is nice to know of that . 
 is there anything else remarkable to report ? '' 
 `` not at the moment , mother , '' siuan said . 
 `` then return and get some sleep . '' 
 egwene hesitated . 
 `` and next time , we 'll meet in two days . 
 here in the novices ' dining hall , though we may want to begin meeting out in the city . 
 i do n't trust this place . 
 if there was a forsaken in our camp , i 'd bet half my father 's inn that there 's one spying on the white tower too . '' 
 siuan nodded . 
 `` very well . '' 
 she closed her eyes , and soon found herself blinking awake back in bryne 's tent . 
 the candle was out , and she could hear bryne breathing quietly from his pallet on the other side of the tent . 
 she sat up and looked across at him , though it was too dark to see anything more than shadows . 
 strangely , after talking about forsaken and asha ` man , the sturdy general 's presence comforted her . 
 is there anything else remarkable to report , egwene ? 
 siuan thought idly , rising to change out of her dress behind the screen and put on her sleeping gown . 
 / think i might be in love . 
 is that remarkable enough ? 
 to her , it seemed stranger than the taint being cleansed or a woman channeling saidin . 
 shaking her head , she tucked the dream ter ` angreal back in its hiding place , then snuggled down beneath her blankets . 
 she 'd forgo the mice , just this once . 
 chapter 9 leaving maiden a cool spring breeze tickled perrin 's face . 
 such a breeze should have carried with it the scents of pollen and crisp morning dew , of dirt overturned by sprouts pushing into the light , of new life and an earth reborn . 
 this breeze carried with it only the scents of blood and death . 
 perrin turned his back to the breeze , knelt down and inspected the wagon 's wheels . 
 the vehicle was a sturdy construction of hickory , wood darkened with age . 
 it appeared to be in good repair , but perrin had learned to be careful when dealing with equipment from maiden . 
 the shaido did n't scorn wagons and oxen as they did horses , but they-like all aiel - believed in traveling light . 
 they had n't maintained the wagons or carts , and perrin had found more than one hidden flaw during his inspection . 
 `` next ! '' 
 he bellowed as he checked the first wheel 's hub . 
 the comment was directed at the crowd of people waiting to speak with him . 
 `` my lord , '' a voice said . 
 it was deep and rough , like wood scraping against wood . 
 gerard arganda , first captain of ghealdan . 
 his scent was of well-oiled armor . 
 `` i must press the issue of our departure . 
 allow me to ride ahead with her majesty . '' 
 the `` her majesty '' he referred to was alliandre , queen of ghealdan . 
 perrin continued working with the wheel ; he was n't as familiar with carpentry as he was with smithing , but his father had taught each of his sons to recognize signs of trouble in a wagon . 
 better to fix the problem before leaving than to be stranded halfway to the destination . 
 perrin ran his fingers across the smooth , brown hickory . 
 the grain was clearly visible , and he tested for cracks with questing fingers , searching each point of stress . 
 all four wheels looked good . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 arganda asked . 
 `` we all march together , '' perrin said . 
 `` that 's my order , arganda . 
 i wo n't have the refugees thinking that we 're abandoning them . '' 
 refugees . 
 there were over a hundred thousand of those to care for . 
 a hundred thousand ! 
 light , that was far more than lived in the entire two rivers . 
 and perrin was in charge of feeding every one of them . 
 wagons . 
 many men did n't understand the importance of a good wagon . 
 he lay down on his back , preparing to inspect the axles , and that gave him a view of the overcast sky , partially blocked by maiden 's nearby city wall . 
 the city was large for one this far north in altara . 
 it was almost more of a fortress than a city , with daunting walls and towers . 
 until the day before , the land around this city had been home to the shaido aiel , but they were gone now , many killed , others fled , their captives freed by an alliance between perrin 's forces and the seanchan . 
 the shaido had left him two things : a scent of blood on the air and a hundred thousand refugees to care for . 
 though he was happy to give them their freedom , his goal in liberating maiden had been far different : the rescue of faile . 
 another aiel group had been advancing on his position , but they 'd slowed , then camped , and were no longer rushing toward maiden . 
 perhaps they 'd been warned by shaido fleeing the battle that they had a large army before them , one that had defeated the shaido despite their channelers . 
 it seemed this new group behind perrin had as little desire to engage him as he had to engage them . 
 that gave him time . 
 a little bit , at least . 
 arganda was still watching . 
 the captain wore his polished breastplate and had his slotted helmet under his arm . 
 the squat man was n't a puffed-up fluff of an officer , but a common man who had risen through the ranks . 
 he fought well and did as instructed . 
 usually . 
 `` i 'm not going to bend on this , arganda , '' perrin said , pulling himself along the damp ground beneath the wagon . 
 `` could we at least use gateways instead ? '' 
 arganda asked , kneeling down , graying hair-shorn short-nearly brushing the ground as he peeked under the wagon . 
 `` the asha ` man are near dead from fatigue , '' perrin snapped . 
 `` you know that . '' 
 `` they 're too tired for a large gateway , '' arganda said , `` but maybe they could send a small group . 
 my lady is exhausted from her captivity ! 
 surely you do n't mean for her to march ! '' 
 `` the refugees are tired too , '' perrin said . 
 `` alliandre can have a horse to ride , but she 's leaving when the rest of us do . 
 light send that 's soon . '' 
 arganda sighed , but nodded . 
 he stood up as perrin ran fingers along the axle . 
 he could tell stress in wood with a glance , but he preferred touch . 
 touch was more reliable . 
 there was always a crack or a splintering where wood weakened , and you could feel it near to breaking . 
 wood was reliable like that . 
 unlike men . 
 unlike himself . 
 he gritted his teeth . 
 he did n't want to think about that . 
 he had to keep working , had to keep doing something to distract himself . 
 he liked to work . 
 he 'd been given far too few opportunities for it lately . 
 `` next ! '' 
 he said , voice echoing against the bottom of the wagon . 
 `` my lord , we should attack ! '' 
 a boisterous voice declared from beside the vehicle . 
 perrin thumped his head back against the well-trampled grass , closing his eyes . 
 bertain gallenne , lord captain of the winged guards , was to mayene what arganda was to ghealdan . 
 aside from that single similarity , the two captains were about as different as men could be . 
 perrin could see bertain 's large , beautifully worked boots , with clasps shaped like hawks , from beneath the wagon . 
 `` my lord , '' bertain continued . 
 `` a fine charge from the winged guard would scatter that aiel rabble , of this i 'm certain . 
 why , we easily dealt with the aiel here in the city ! '' 
 `` we had the seanchan , then , '' perrin said , finishing with the rear axle and wriggling his way to the front to check the other one . 
 he wore his old , stained coat . 
 faile would chastise him for that . 
 he was supposed to present himself as a lord . 
 but would she really expect him to wear a fine coat if he was going to spend an hour lying in the muddy grass , looking at the bottoms of wagons ? 
 faile would n't want him to be in the muddy grass in the first place . 
 perrin hesitated , hand on the front axle , thinking of her raven hair and distinctive saldaean nose . 
 she held the sum total of his love . 
 she was everything to him . 
 he had succeeded-he 'd saved her . 
 so why did he feel as if things were nearly as bad as they had been ? 
 he should rejoice , he should be ecstatic , should be relieved . 
 he 'd worried so much about her during her captivity . 
 and yet now , with her safety secure , everything still felt wrong . 
 somehow . 
 in ways he could n't explain . 
 light ! 
 would nothing just work as it was supposed to ? 
 he reached down for his pocket , wanting to finger the knotted cord he 'd once carried there . 
 but he 'd thrown that away . 
 stop it ! 
 he thought . 
 she 's back . 
 we can go back to the way it was before . 
 ca n't we ? 
 `` yes , well , '' bertain continued , `` i suppose the departure of the seanchan could be a problem in an assault . 
 but that aiel group camped out there is smaller than what we already defeated . 
 and if you are worried , you could send word to that seanchan general and bring her back . 
 surely she would wish to fight alongside us again ! '' 
 perrin forced himself back to the moment . 
 his own foolish problems were irrelevant ; right now , he needed to get these wagons moving . 
 the front axle was good . 
 he turned and pushed himself out from underneath the wagon . 
 bertain was of medium height , though the three plumes rising from his helmet made him look taller . 
 he had on his red eye patch-perrin did n't know where he 'd lost the eye-and his armor gleamed . 
 he seemed excited , as if he thought perrin 's silence meant they would attack . 
 perrin stood , dusting off his plain brown trousers . 
 `` we 're leaving , '' he said , then held up a hand to forbid further argument . 
 `` we defeated the septs here , but we had them dosed with forkroot and there were damane on our side . 
 we 're tired , wounded , and we have faile back . 
 there 's no further reason to fight . 
 we run . '' 
 bertain did n't look satisfied , but he nodded and turned away , stomping across the muddy ground toward where his men sat their mounts . 
 perrin looked at the small group of people who waited in a cluster around the wagon to speak with him . 
 once , this kind of business had frustrated perrin . 
 it seemed like pointless work , as many of the supplicants already knew what his answer would be . 
 but they needed to hear those answers from him , and perrin had come to understand the importance of that . 
 besides , their questions helped distract him from the strange tension he felt at having rescued faile . 
 he walked toward the next wagon in line , his small entourage following him . 
 there were a good fifty of the wagons set in a long caravan train . 
 the first ones were loaded with salvage from maiden ; the middle ones were in the process of being treated likewise , and he had only two left to inspect . 
 he had wanted to be well out of maiden before sunset . 
 that would probably carry him far enough away to be safe . 
 unless these new shaido decided to give chase in revenge . 
 with the number of people perrin had to move , a blind man would be able to track them . 
 the sun drooped toward the horizon , a shining spot behind the cloud cover . 
 light , but this was a mess , with the chaos of organizing refugees and separate army camps . 
 getting away was supposed to be the easy part ! 
 the shaido camp was a disaster . 
 his people had scavenged and packed many of the abandoned tents . 
 now cleared , the ground around the city was trampled weeds and mud , littered with refuse . 
 the shaido , being aiel , had preferred to camp outside the city walls , rather than within them . 
 they were a strange people , no denying that . 
 who would spurn a nice bed , not to mention a better military position , to stay outside in tents ? 
 aiel despised cities , though . 
 most of the buildings had either been burned during the initial shaido assault or looted for riches . 
 doors beaten down , windows shattered , possessions abandoned on the streets and trampled by gai ` shain running back and forth to fetch water . 
 people still scurried about like insects , moving through the city gates and around the former shaido camp , grabbing what they could to stow it for transport . 
 they 'd have to leave the wagons behind once they decided to travel-grady could n't make a gateway big enough to pass a wagon through-but for now , the vehicles would be a big help . 
 there were also a good number of oxen ; someone else was inspecting those , making certain they were fit to pull the wagons . 
 the shaido had let many of the city 's horses run off . 
 a shame , that . 
 but you made use of what you had . 
 perrin reached the next wagon , beginning his inspection with the vehicle 's long tongue , to which oxen would be harnessed . 
 `` next ! '' 
 `` my lord , '' said a scratchy voice , `` i believe that i am next . '' 
 perrin glanced over at the speaker : sebban balwer , his secretary . 
 the man had a dry , pinched face and a perpetual stoop that made him look almost like a roosting vulture . 
 though his coat and breeches were clean , it seemed to perrin that they should shed puffs of dust each time balwer stepped . 
 he smelled musty , like an old book . 
 `` balwer , '' perrin said , running his fingers over the tongue , then checking the harness straps , `` i thought you were speaking with the captives . '' 
 `` i have , indeed , been busy with my work there , '' balwer said . 
 `` however , i grew curious . 
 did you have to let the seanchan take all of the captive shaido channelers with them ? '' 
 perrin glanced at the musty secretary . 
 the wise ones who could channel had been knocked unconscious by forkroot ; they 'd been given over to the seanchan while still unconscious , to do with as they pleased . 
 the decision had not made perrin popular with the aiel among his allies , but he would not have those channelers running about to take revenge on him . 
 `` i do n't see why i would want them , '' he said to balwer . 
 `` well , my lord , there is much of great interest to learn . 
 for instance , it appears that many of the shaido are ashamed of their clan 's behavior . 
 the wise ones themselves were at odds . 
 also , they have had dealings with some very curious individuals who offered them objects of power from the age of legends . 
 whoever they were , they could make gateways . '' 
 `` forsaken , '' perrin said with a shrug , stooping down on one knee to check the right front wheel . 
 `` i doubt we 'll figure out which ones . 
 probably had a disguise on . '' 
 from the corner of his eyes , he saw balwer purse his lips at that comment . 
 `` you disagree ? '' 
 perrin asked . 
 `` no , my lord , '' he said . 
 `` the ` objects ' the shaido were given are very suspect , by my estimation . 
 the aiel were duped , though for what reason , i can not yet fathom . 
 however , if we had more time to search the city . 
 ... '' light ! 
 was every person in the camp going to ask him for something they knew they could n't have ? 
 he got down on the ground to check the back of the wheel hub . 
 something about it bothered him . 
 `` we already know that the forsaken oppose us , balwer . 
 they wo n't rightly welcome rand in with open arms to seal them away again , or whatever it is he 's going to do . '' 
 blasted colors , showing rand in his mind 's eye ! 
 he pushed those away again . 
 they appeared whenever he thought of rand or mat , bringing visions of them . 
 `` anyway , '' perrin continued , `` i do n't see what you need me to do . 
 we 'll take the shaido gai ` shain with us . 
 the maidens captured their fair share . 
 you can interrogate them . 
 but we 're leaving this place . '' 
 `` yes , my lord , '' balwer said . 
 `` it 's just a shame we lost those wise ones . 
 my experience has been that they are those among the aiel with the most ... understanding . '' 
 `` the seanchan wanted them , '' perrin said . 
 `` so they got them . 
 i would n't let edarra bully me on the point , and what is done is done . 
 what do you expect of me , balwer ? '' 
 `` perhaps a message could be sent , '' balwer said , `` to ask some questions of the wise ones when they awake . 
 i. ... '' he stopped , then stooped down to glance at perrin . 
 `` my lord , this is rather distracting . 
 could n't we find someone else to inspect the wagons ? '' 
 `` everyone else is either too tired or too busy , '' perrin said . 
 `` i want most of the refugees waiting in the camps to move when we give the marching order . 
 and most of our soldiers are scavenging the city for supplies-each handful of grain they find will be needed . 
 half the stuff 's spoiled anyway . 
 i ca n't help with that work , since i need to be where people can find me . '' 
 he 'd accepted that , cross though it made him . 
 `` yes , my lord , '' balwer said . 
 `` but surely you can be somewhere accessible without crawling under wagons . '' 
 `` it 's work i can do while people talk to me , '' perrin said . 
 `` you do n't need my hands , just my tongue . 
 and that tongue is telling you to forget the aiel . '' 
 `` but - '' `` there is nothing more i can do , balwer , '' perrin said firmly , glancing up at him through the spokes of the wheel . 
 `` we 're heading north . 
 i 'm done with the shaido ; they can burn for all i care . '' 
 balwer pursed his thin lips again , and he smelled just slightly of annoyance . 
 `` of course , my lord , '' he said , giving a quick bow . 
 then he withdrew . 
 perrin squirmed out and stood up , nodding to a young woman who stood in a dirty dress and worn shoes at the side of the line of wagons . 
 `` go fetch lyncon , '' he said . 
 `` tell him to have a look at this wheel hub . 
 i think the bearing 's been stripped , and the blasted thing looks ready to roll right off . '' 
 the young woman nodded , running away . 
 lyncon was a master carpenter who had been unfortunate enough to be visiting relatives in cairhien when the shaido attacked . 
 he 'd had the will beaten nearly out of him . 
 perhaps he should have been the one to inspect the wagons , but with that haunted look in his eyes , perrin was n't sure how far he trusted the man to do a proper inspection . 
 he seemed good enough at fixing problems when they were pointed out to him , though . 
 and the truth was , as long as perrin kept moving , he felt he was doing something , making progress . 
 not thinking about other issues . 
 wagons were easy to fix . 
 they were n't like people , not at all . 
 perrin turned , glancing across the empty camp , pocked with firepits and discarded rags . 
 faile was walking back toward the city ; she 'd been organizing some of her followers to scout the area . 
 she was striking . 
 beautiful . 
 that beauty was n't just in her face or her lean figure , it was in how easily she commanded people , how quickly she always knew what to do . 
 she was clever in a way perrin never had been . 
 he was n't stupid ; he just liked to think about things . 
 but he 'd never been good with people , not like mat or rand . 
 faile had shown him that he did n't need to be good with people , or even with women , as long as he could make one person understand him . 
 he did n't have to be good at talking to anyone else as long as he could talk to her . 
 but now he could n't find the words to say . 
 he worried about what had happened to her during her captivity , but the possibilities did n't bother him . 
 they made him angry , but none of what had happened was her fault . 
 you did what you had to to survive . 
 he respected her for her strength . 
 light ! 
 he thought . 
 i 'm thinking again ! 
 need to keep working . 
 `` next ! '' 
 he bellowed , stooping down to continue his inspection of the wagon . 
 `` if i 'd seen your face and nothing else , lad , '' a hearty voice said , `` i 'd assume that we 'd lost this battle . '' 
 perrin turned with surprise . 
 he had n't realized that tarn al ` thor was one of those waiting to speak with him . 
 that crowd had thinned , but there were still some messengers and attendants . 
 at the back , the blocky , solid sheepherder leaned on his quarterstaff as he waited . 
 his hair had all gone to silver . 
 perrin could remember a time when it had been a deep black . 
 back when perrin had just been a boy , before he 'd known a hammer or a forge . 
 perrin 's fingers reached down , touching the hammer at his waist . 
 he 'd chosen it over the axe . 
 it had been the right decision , but he 'd still lost control of himself in the battle for maiden . 
 was that what bothered him ? 
 or was it how much he 'd enjoyed the killing ? 
 `` what do you need , tarn ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm only bringing a report , my lord , '' tarn said . 
 `` the two rivers men are organized for the march , each man with two tents on his back , just in case . 
 we could n't use water from the city , on account of the forkroot , so i sent some lads to the aqueduct to fill some barrels there . 
 we could use a wagon to bring them back . '' 
 `` done , '' perrin said , smiling . 
 finally , someone who did things that were needed without having to ask first ! 
 `` tell the two rivers men that i intend to have them back home as soon as possible . 
 the moment grady and neald are strong enough to make a gateway . 
 that could be a while , though . '' 
 `` that 's appreciated , my lord , '' tam said . 
 it felt so strange for him to use a title . 
 `` can i speak to you alone for a moment , though ? '' 
 perrin nodded , noticing that lyncon was coming-his limp was distinctive-to look at the wagon . 
 perrin moved with tam away from the group of attendants and guards , walking into the shadow of maiden 's wall . 
 moss grew green against the base of the massive blocks making up the fortification ; it was strange that the moss was far brighter than the trampled , muddied weeds under their feet . 
 nothing but moss seemed green this spring . 
 `` what is it , tam ? '' 
 perrin asked as soon as they were far enough away . 
 tam rubbed his face ; there was gray stubble coming in . 
 perrin had pushed his men hard these last few days , and there had n't been time for shaving . 
 tam wore a simple blue wool coat , and the thick cloth was probably a welcome shield against the mountain breeze . 
 `` the lads are wondering , perrin , '' tam said , a little less formal now that they were alone . 
 `` did you mean what you said about giving up on manetheren ? '' 
 `` aye , '' perrin said . 
 `` that banner has been nothing but trouble since it first came out . 
 the seanchan , and everyone else , might as well know . 
 i 'm no king . '' 
 `` you have a queen who 's sworn you as her liege . '' 
 he considered tarn 's words , working out the best response . 
 once that kind of behavior had made people think he was slow of thought . 
 now people assumed his thoughtfulness meant that perrin was crafty and keen minded . 
 what a difference a few fancy words in front of your name made ! 
 `` i think you 're right , in what you did , '' tam said , surprisingly . 
 `` calling the two rivers manetheren would not only have antagonized the seanchan , but the queen of andor herself . 
 it would imply that you meant to hold more than just the two rivers , that perhaps you wanted to conquer all that manetheren once held . '' 
 perrin shook his head . 
 `` i do n't mean to conquer anything , tam . 
 light ! 
 i do n't mean to hold what people say i 've got . 
 the sooner that elayne takes her throne and sends a proper lord out to the two rivers , the better . 
 we can be done with all of this lord perrin business and things can go back to normal . '' 
 `` and queen alliandre ? '' 
 tam asked . 
 `` she can swear to elayne instead , '' perrin said stubbornly . 
 `` or maybe directly to rand . 
 he seems to like scooping up kingdoms . 
 like a child playing a game of wobbles . '' 
 tarn smelled concerned . 
 troubled . 
 perrin looked away . 
 things should be simpler . 
 they should be . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i just thought you were over this , '' tarn said . 
 `` nothing has changed from the days before faile was taken , '' perrin said . 
 `` i still do n't like that wolf head banner either . 
 i think maybe it 's time to take that one down too . '' 
 `` the men believe in that banner , perrin , lad , '' tam said quietly . 
 he had a soft way about him , but that made you listen when he spoke . 
 of course , he also usually spoke sense . 
 `` i pulled you aside because i wanted to warn you . 
 if you provide a chance for the lads to return to the two rivers , some will go . 
 but not many . 
 i 've heard most swear that they 'll follow you to shayol ghul . 
 they know the last battle is coming-who could n't know that , with all of the signs lately ? 
 they do n't intend to be left behind . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` and neither do i , i reckon . '' 
 he smelled of determination . 
 `` we 'll see , '' perrin said , frowning . 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 he sent tam off with orders to requisition a wagon and take it for those water barrels . 
 the soldiers would listen ; tam was perrin 's first captain , though that seemed backward to perrin . 
 he did n't know much of the man 's past , but tam had fought in the aiel war , long ago ; he 'd held a sword before perrin had been born . 
 and now he followed perrin 's orders . 
 they all did . 
 and they wanted to keep doing so ! 
 had n't they learned ? 
 he rested back against the wall , not walking back to his attendants , standing in the shadow . 
 now that he seized upon it , he realized that was a part of what was bothering him . 
 not the whole of it , but some , tied in with what was troubling him . 
 even now that faile had returned . 
 he had n't been a good leader lately . 
 he 'd never been a model one , of course , not even when faile had been there to guide him . 
 but during her absence , he 'd been worse . 
 far worse . 
 he 'd ignored his orders from rand , ignored everything , all to get her back . 
 but what else was a man supposed to do ? 
 his wife had been kidnapped ! 
 he 'd saved her . 
 but in doing so , he 'd abandoned everyone else . 
 and because of him , men were dead . 
 good men . 
 men who had trusted in him . 
 standing in that shadow , he remembered a moment-only a day past-when an ally had fallen to aiel arrows , his heart poisoned by masema . 
 aram had been a friend , one that perrin had discarded in his quest to save faile . 
 aram had deserved better . 
 / should never have let that tinker pick up a sword , he thought , but he did n't want to deal with this problem right now . 
 he could n't . 
 there was too much to do . 
 he moved away from the wall , planning to inspect the last wagon in line . 
 `` next ! '' 
 he barked as he began again . 
 aravine carnel stepped forward . 
 the amadician woman no longer wore her gai ` shain robes ; instead she had on a simple light green dress , not clean , that had been pulled out of the salvage . 
 she was plump but her face still bore a haggard cast from her days as a captive . 
 there was a determination about her . 
 she was surprisingly good at organization , and perrin suspected she was of noble heritage . 
 she had the scent of it about her : self-confidence , an ease giving commands . 
 it was a wonder those things had survived her captivity . 
 as he knelt down to look at the first wheel , he figured it was odd that faile had chosen aravine to supervise the refugees . 
 why not one of the youths from cha faile ? 
 those dandies could be annoying , but they 'd shown a surprising measure of competence . 
 `` my lord , '' aravine said , her practiced curtsy another indication of her background . 
 `` i have finished organizing the people for departure . '' 
 `` so soon ? '' 
 perrin asked , looking up from the wheel . 
 `` it was not so difficult as we expected , my lord . 
 i commanded them to gather by nationality , then by town of birth . 
 not surprisingly , the cairhienin form the largest bulk of them , followed by altarans , then amadicians , with some smattering of others . 
 a few domani , some taraboners , the occasional borderlander or tairen . '' 
 `` how many can stand a day or two of marching without a ride in the wagons ? '' 
 `` most of them , my lord , '' she said . 
 `` the sick and elderly were expelled from the city when the shaido took it . 
 the people here are accustomed to being worked hard . 
 they 're exhausted , lord , but none too eager to be waiting here with those other shaido camped not half a day 's march away . '' 
 `` all right , '' perrin said . 
 `` start them marching immediately . '' 
 `` immediately ? '' 
 aravine asked with surprise . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i want them on that road , marching northward , as soon as you can get them going . 
 i 'll send alliandre and her guard to lead the way . '' 
 that ought to keep arganda from complaining , and it would get the refugees out of the way . 
 the maidens would be far better , and far more efficient , at gathering supplies alone . 
 the scavenging was nearly finished anyway . 
 his people would have to survive on the road for only a few weeks . 
 after that , they could jump via gateway to someplace more secure . 
 andor , perhaps , or cairhien . 
 those shaido behind had him anxious . 
 they could decide to attack at any time . 
 better to get away and remove the temptation . 
 aravine curtsied and hurried away to make preparations , and perrin thanked the light for someone else who did n't see a need to question or second-guess him . 
 he sent a boy to inform arganda of the impending march , then finished his inspection of the wagon . 
 after that , he stood up , wiping his hands on his trousers . 
 `` next ! '' 
 he said . 
 nobody stepped forward . 
 the only people remaining around him were guards , messenger boys and a few wagoneers waiting to hitch up their oxen and move the wagons off for loading . 
 the maidens had made a large pile of foodstuffs and supplies in the middle of the former camp , and perrin could make out faile there working to organize it . 
 perrin sent the ring of attendants with him over to help her , then found himself alone . 
 with nothing to do . 
 just what he 'd wanted to avoid . 
 the wind blew past again , carrying that awful stench of death . 
 it also carried memories . 
 the fury of the battle , the passion and thrill of each swing . 
 aiel were excellent warriors-the best the land knew . 
 each exchange had been close , and perrin had earned his share of cuts and bruises , though those had since been healed . 
 fighting the aiel had made him feel alive . 
 each one he 'd slain had been an expert with the spears ; each one could have killed him . 
 but he 'd won . 
 during those moments of fighting , he 'd felt a driving passion . 
 the passion of finally doing something . 
 after two months of waiting , each blow had meant a step closer to finding faile . 
 no more talking . 
 no more planning . 
 he 'd found purpose . 
 and now it was gone . 
 he felt hollow . 
 it was like ... like the time when his father had promised him something special as a gift for winternight . 
 perrin had waited months , eager , doing his chores to earn the unknown gift . 
 when he 'd finally received the small wooden horse , he 'd been excited for a moment . 
 but the next day , he 'd been shockingly melancholy . 
 not because of the gift , but because there had no longer been anything to strive for . 
 the excitement was gone , and only then had he realized how much more precious he 'd found that anticipation than the gift itself . 
 soon after that he 'd begun visiting master luhhan 's forge , eventually becoming his apprentice . 
 he was glad to have faile back . 
 he rejoiced . 
 and yet , now what was there for him ? 
 these blasted men saw him as their leader . 
 some even thought of him as their king ! 
 he 'd never asked for that . 
 he 'd had them put away the banners every time they put them out , up until faile had persuaded him that using them would be an advantage . 
 he still did n't believe that the wolfhead banner belonged there , flapping insolently above his camp . 
 but could he take it down ? 
 the men did look to it . 
 he could smell pride on them every time they passed it . 
 he could n't turn them away . 
 rand would need their aid-he 'd need everyone 's aid-at the last battle . 
 the last battle . 
 could a man like him , a man who did n't want to be in charge , lead these forces to the most important moment in their lives ? 
 the colors swirled , showing him rand , sitting in what appeared to be a stone tairen home . 
 perrin 's old friend had a dark cast to his expression , like a man troubled by weighty thoughts . 
 even sitting like that , rand looked regal . 
 he was what a king was supposed to be , with that rich red coat , that noble bearing . 
 perrin was just a blacksmith . 
 he sighed , shaking his head and dispelling the image . 
 he needed to seek out rand . 
 he could feel something tugging at him , pulling him . 
 rand needed him . 
 that had to be his focus now . 
 chapter 10 the last of the tabac rodel ituralde puffed quietly on his pipe , smoke curling from it like the sinuous coils of a snake . 
 the smoke tendrils wrapped around themselves , pooling at the ceiling above him , then leaking out through cracks in the roof of the ramshackle shed . 
 the boards in the walls were warped from age , opening slits to the outside , and the gray wood was cracked and splintering . 
 a brazier burned in the corner and winds whistled through the cracks in the walls . 
 ituralde faintly worried those winds would blow over the entire building . 
 he sat on a stool , several maps on the table before him . 
 at the corner of the table , his tabac pouch weighed down a wrinkled piece of paper . 
 the small square was weathered and folded from being carried in his inside coat pocket . 
 `` well ? '' 
 rajabi asked . 
 thick of neck and determined of attitude , he was brown-eyed , with a wide nose and a bulbous chin . 
 he was completely bald now , and faintly resembled a large boulder . 
 he tended to act like a boulder , too . 
 it could take a lot of work to get him rolling , but once you did , he was bloody hard to stop . 
 he had been one of the first to join ituralde 's cause , for all the fact that he had been poised to rebel against the king just a short time before . 
 it had been nearly two weeks since ituraldes victory at darluna . 
 he 'd extended himself far for that victory . 
 perhaps too far . 
 ah , alsalam , he thought . 
 / hope this was all worth it , old friend . 
 i hope you have n't just gone mad . 
 rajabi might be a boulder , but the seanchan are an avalanche , and we 've brought them thundering down upon us . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 rajabi prodded . 
 `` we wait , '' ituralde said . 
 light , but he hated waiting . 
 `` then we fight . 
 or maybe we run again . 
 i have n't made up my mind yet . '' 
 `` the taraboners - '' `` wo n't come , '' ituralde said . 
 `` they promised ! '' 
 `` they did . '' 
 ituralde had gone to them himself , had roused them , had asked them to fight the seanchan just one more time . 
 they 'd yelled and cheered , but had not followed with any haste . 
 they would drag their feet . 
 he 'd gotten them to fight `` one last time '' on half a dozen different occasions now . 
 they could see where this war was going , and he could no longer depend on them . 
 if he 'd ever been able to in the first place . 
 `` bloody cowards , '' rajabi muttered . 
 `` light burn them , then ! 
 we 'll do it alone . 
 we have before . '' 
 ituralde took a long , contemplative puff on his pipe . 
 he 'd chosen to finally use the two rivers tabac . 
 this pipeful was the last in his store ; he 'd been saving it for months , now . 
 good flavor . 
 best there was . 
 he studied his maps again , holding a smaller one up before him . 
 he could use better maps , that was certain . 
 `` this new seanchan general , '' ituralde said , `` is marshaling over three hundred thousand men , with a good two hundred damane . '' 
 `` we 've beat large forces before . 
 look what we did at darluna ! 
 you crushed them , rodel ! '' 
 and doing so had required every bit of craftiness , skill and luck ituralde could muster . 
 even then , he 'd lost well over half his men . 
 now he ran , limping , before this second , larger force of seanchan . 
 this time , they were n't making any mistakes . 
 the seanchan did n't rely solely on their raken . 
 his men had intercepted several foot scouts , and that meant dozens had n't been caught . 
 this time , the seanchan knew ituralde 's true numbers and his true location . 
 his enemies were done being herded and goaded ; instead they hunted him , relentlessly , avoiding his traps . 
 ituralde had planned to retreat deeper and deeper into arad doman ; that would favor his forces and stretch the seanchan supply lines . 
 he 'd figured he could keep it up for another four or five months . 
 but those plans were useless now ; they 'd been made before ituralde had discovered there was an entire bloody army of aiel running about arad doman . 
 if the reports were to be believed-and reports about aiel were often exaggerations , so he was n't sure how much to believe-there were upwards of a hundred thousand of them holding large sections of the north , bandar eban included . 
 a hundred thousand aiel . 
 that was as good as two hundred thousand domani troops . 
 perhaps more . 
 ituralde well remembered the blood snow twenty years ago , when it had seemed he 'd lost ten men for each aiel who fell . 
 he was trapped , a walnut crushed between two stones . 
 the best he 'd been able to do was retreat here , to this abandoned stedding . 
 that would give him an edge against the seanchan . 
 but only a small one . 
 the seanchan had a force six times the size of his own , and the greenest of commanders knew that fighting those odds was suicide . 
 `` have you ever seen a master juggler , rajabi ? '' 
 ituralde asked , studying the map . 
 from the corner of his eye , ituralde saw the bull-like man frown in confusion . 
 `` i 've seen gleemen who - '' `` no , not a gleeman . 
 a master . '' 
 rajabi shook his head . 
 ituralde puffed in thought before speaking . 
 `` i did , once . 
 he was the court bard of caemlyn . 
 spry fellow , with a wit that might better have belonged in a common room , for all the way he was decorated . 
 bards do n't often juggle ; but this fellow did n't mind the request . 
 he liked juggling to please the young daughter-heir , so i understand . '' 
 he removed the pipe from his mouth , tapping down the tabac . 
 `` rodel , '' rajabi said . 
 `` the seanchan ... . '' 
 rodel held up a finger , situating his pipe before continuing . 
 `` the bard started by juggling three balls . 
 then he asked us if we thought he could do another . 
 we cheered him on . 
 he went to four , then five , then six . 
 with each ball he added , our applause grew greater , and he always asked if we thought he could do another . 
 of course we said yes . 
 `` seven , eight , nine . 
 soon he had ten balls going in the air , flying in a pattern so complex that i could n't track them . 
 he had to strain to keep them going ; he kept having to reach down and grab balls that he nearly missed . 
 he was too lost in concentration to ask us if he should add another , but the crowd called for it . 
 eleven ! 
 go for eleven ! 
 and so , his assistant tossed another ball into the mess . '' 
 ituralde puffed . 
 `` he dropped them ? '' 
 rajabi asked . 
 rodel shook his head . 
 `` that last ` ball ' was n't actually a ball at all . 
 it was some kind of illuminator 's trick ; once it got halfway to the bard , it flashed and gave off a sudden burst of light and smoke . 
 by the time our vision cleared , the bard was gone , and ten balls were lined up on the floor . 
 when i looked around , i found him sitting at one of the tables with the rest of the diners , drinking a cup of wine and flirting with lord finndal 's wife . '' 
 poor rajabi looked completely dumbfounded . 
 he liked his answers neat and straightforward . 
 ituralde usually felt the same way , but these days-with their unnaturally overcast skies and sense of perpetual gloom-made him philosophic . 
 he reached out and took the worn , folded sheet of paper off the table from beneath his tabac pouch . 
 he handed it to rajabi . '' 
 ` strike hard against the seanchan , ' '' rajabi read . '' 
 ` push them away , force them into their boats and back across their bloody ocean . 
 i 'm counting on you , old friend . 
 king alsalam . ' '' 
 rajabi lowered the letter . 
 `` i know of his orders , rodel . 
 i did n't come into this because of him . 
 i came because of you . '' 
 `` yes , but / fight because of him , '' ituralde said . 
 he was a king 's man ; he always would be . 
 he stood up , tapping out his tabac and grinding the embers beneath the heel of his boot . 
 he set the pipe aside and took the letter from rajabi , then walked to the door . 
 he needed to make a decision . 
 stay and fight , or flee for a worse location , but gain a little more time ? 
 the shack groaned and wind shook the trees as ituralde stepped outside into the overcast morning . 
 the shed was n't ogier-built , of course . 
 it was too flimsy for that . 
 this stedding had been abandoned for a long time . 
 his men camped amid the trees . 
 hardly the best location for a war camp , but one made soup with the spices on hand ; the stedding was far too useful to pass up . 
 another man might have fled to a city and hidden behind its walls , but here in these trees , the one power was useless . 
 negating the seanchan damane was better than walls , no matter how high . 
 we have to stay , ituralde thought , watching his men work , digging in , erecting a palisade . 
 he hated the thought of cutting down trees in a stedding . 
 he 'd known a few ogier in his time , and respected them . 
 these massive oaks probably held some lingering strength from the days when the ogier had lived here . 
 cutting them down was a crime . 
 but you did what you had to . 
 running might gain him more time , but it might just as easily lose him time . 
 he had a few days here before the seanchan hit him . 
 if he could dig in well , he might force them into a siege . 
 the stedding would make them hesitant , and the forests would work to the advantage of ituralde 's smaller force . 
 he hated letting himself get pinned in . 
 that was probably why he 'd considered for so long , even though , deep down , he 'd already known that it was time to stop running . 
 the seanchan had finally caught him . 
 he continued along the ranks , nodding to working men , letting himself be seen . 
 he had forty thousand troops left , which was a marvel , considering the odds they had faced . 
 these men should have deserted . 
 but they 'd seen him win impossible battle after impossible battle , tossing ball after ball into the air to greater and greater applause . 
 they thought he was unstoppable . 
 they did n't understand that when one tossed more balls into the air , it was n't just the show that became more spectacular . 
 the fall at the end grew more spectacular as well . 
 he kept his dark thoughts to himself as he and rajabi continued through the forested camp , inspecting the palisade . 
 it was progressing nicely , the men setting thick tree trunks into freshly dug troughs . 
 after his inspection , ituralde nodded to himself . 
 `` we stay , rajabi . 
 pass the word . '' 
 `` some of the others say that staying here means dying for sure , '' rajabi responded . 
 `` they 're wrong , '' ituralde said . 
 `` but - '' `` nothing is sure , rajabi , '' ituralde said . 
 `` fill these trees inside the palisade with archers ; they 'll be almost as effective as towers . 
 we 'll need to set up a killing field outside . 
 cut down as many trees around the palisade here as possible , then set the logs inside as barriers , a second line of retreat . 
 we 'll hold strong . 
 perhaps i 'm wrong about those taraboners , and they 'll ride to aid us . 
 or maybe the king has a hidden army stashed away to defend us . 
 blood and ashes , maybe we 'll fight them off here on our own . 
 we 'll see how much they like fighting without their damane . 
 we 'll survive . '' 
 rajabi straightened visibly , growing confident . 
 that was the kind of talk ituralde knew he expected . 
 like the others , rajabi trusted the little wolf . 
 they did n't believe he could fail . 
 ituralde knew better . 
 but if you were going to die , you did it with dignity . 
 the young ituralde had often dreamed of wars , of the glory of battle . 
 the old ituralde knew there was no such thing as glory to be had in battle . 
 but there was honor . 
 `` my lord ituralde ! '' 
 a runner called , trotting along the inside of the unfinished palisade wall . 
 he was a boy , young enough that the seanchan would probably let him live . 
 otherwise ituralde would have sent the lad , and those like him , away . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 ituralde asked , turning . 
 rajabi stood like a small mountain at his side . 
 `` a man , '' the boy said , puffing . 
 `` the scouts caught him walking into the sledding . '' 
 `` come to fight for us ? '' 
 ituralde said . 
 it was not uncommon for an army to draw recruits . 
 there were always those tempted by the lure of glory , or at least by the lure of steady meals . 
 `` no , my lord , '' the boy said , puffing . 
 `` he says he 's come to see you . '' 
 `` seanchan ? '' 
 rajabi barked . 
 the boy shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 but he 's got nice clothes . '' 
 some lord 's messenger , then . 
 domani , or perhaps a taraboner renegade . 
 whoever he was , he could hardly make their situation worse . 
 `` and he came alone ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 brave man . 
 `` bring him , then , '' ituralde said . 
 `` where will you receive him , my lord ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 ituralde snapped . 
 `` you think i 'm some fancy merchant with a palace ? 
 the field here will do . 
 go get him , but take your time getting back . 
 and make sure he 's properly guarded . '' 
 the boy nodded and ran off . 
 ituralde waved over some soldiers and sent them running for wakeda and the other officers . 
 shimron was dead , burned to char by a damane 's fireball . 
 too bad , that . 
 ituralde would rather have kept him than many of the others . 
 most of the officers arrived before the stranger . 
 lanky ankaer . 
 one-eyed wakeda , who might otherwise have been a handsome man . 
 squat melarned . 
 youthful lidrin , who continued to follow ituralde after his father 's death . 
 `` what is this i hear ? '' 
 wakeda asked , folding his arms as he strode up . 
 `` we 're staying in this death trap ? 
 rodel , we do n't have the troops to resist . 
 if they come , we 'll be trapped here . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' ituralde said simply . 
 wakeda turned to the others , then back to ituralde , a little of his irritation deflated in the face of ituralde 's frank answer . 
 `` well ... why do n't we run , then ? '' 
 he blustered a lot less now than he had just months ago , when ituralde had first begun this campaign . 
 `` i wo n't give you sugar and lies , '' ituralde said , looking at them each in turn . 
 `` we 're in a bad shape . 
 but we 'll be in a worse shape if we run . 
 we 've got no more holes to hide in . 
 these trees will work to our advantage , and we can fortify . 
 the stedding will negate the damam , and that alone is worth the price of staying . 
 we fight here . '' 
 ankaer nodded , seeming to understand the gravity of the situation . 
 `` we have to trust him , wakeda . 
 he 's led us right so far . '' 
 wakeda nodded . 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 bloody fools . 
 four months ago , half of them would have killed him on sight for staying loyal to the king . 
 now they thought he could do the impossible . 
 it was a pity ; he was beginning to think he could have brought them back to alsalam as loyalists . 
 `` all right , '' he said , pointing at various spots along their fortification . 
 `` here 's what we 're going to do to shore up the weak points . 
 i want ... '' he trailed off as he saw a group approaching through the clearing . 
 the messenger boy , accompanied by a squad of soldiers , escorting a man in red and gold . 
 something about the newcomer drew ituralde 's eyes . 
 perhaps it was the height ; the young man was as tall as an aiel , and fair of hair like them as well . 
 but no aiel dressed in a fine red coat with sharp golden embroidery . 
 there was a sword at his side , and the way the newcomer walked made ituralde think he knew how to use it . 
 he strode with firm , determined steps , as if he thought the soldiers around him an honor guard . 
 a lord , then , and one accustomed to command . 
 why had he come in person , rather than sending a messenger ? 
 the young lord stopped a short length in front of ituralde and his generals , looking at each of them in turn , then focused on ituralde . 
 `` rodel ituralde ? '' 
 he asked . 
 what accent was that ? 
 andoran ? 
 `` yes , '' ituralde said cautiously . 
 the young man nodded . 
 `` bashere 's description was accurate . 
 you appear to be boxing yourself in , here . 
 do you honestly expect to hold against the seanchan army ? 
 they are many times your size , and your tarabon allies do not appear ... eager to join you in your defense . '' 
 he had good intelligence , whoever he was . 
 `` i am not in the habit of discussing my defenses with strangers . '' 
 ituralde studied the young lord . 
 he was fit-lean and hard , though it was difficult to tell with the coat on . 
 he favored his right hand , and on closer inspection , ituralde noticed that the left hand was missing . 
 both of his forearms had some kind of strange red and gold tattoo on them . 
 those eyes . 
 those were eyes which had seen death a number of times . 
 not just a young lord . 
 a young general . 
 ituralde narrowed his eyes . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the stranger met his eyes . 
 `` i am rand al ` thor , the dragon reborn . 
 and i need you . 
 you and your army . '' 
 several of those with ituralde cursed , and ituralde glanced at them . 
 wakeda was incredulous , rajabi surprised , young lidrin openly dismissive . 
 ituralde looked back at the newcomer . 
 the dragon reborn ? 
 this youth ? 
 he supposed it could be possible . 
 most rumors agreed that the dragon reborn was a young man with red hair . 
 but , then , rumors also claimed he was ten feet tall , and still others said his eyes glowed in dim light . 
 and then there were the stories of him appearing in the sky at falme . 
 blood and ashes , ituralde did n't know if he believed that the dragon had been reborn in the first place ! 
 `` i have n't time to argue , '' the stranger said , face impassive . 
 he seemed ... older than he looked . 
 he did n't appear to care that he was surrounded by armed soldiers . 
 in fact , his coming alone ... it should have seemed like such a foolish act . 
 instead it made ituralde thoughtful . 
 only one such as the dragon reborn himself could stride into a war camp like this , completely alone , and expect to be obeyed . 
 burn him , if that fact by itself did n't make ituralde want to believe him . 
 either this man was who he claimed to be or he was an utter lunatic . 
 `` if we go outside the stedding , i will prove i can channel , '' the stranger said . 
 `` that should count for something . 
 give me leave , and i 'll have ten thousand aiel here and several aes sedai , all of whom will swear to you that i am who i say . '' 
 the rumors also said aiel followed the dragon reborn . 
 the men around ituralde coughed and glanced about uncomfortably . 
 many had been dragonsworn before coming to ituralde . 
 with the right words , this rand al ` thor-or whoever he was-might be able turn ituralde 's camp against itself . 
 `` even if we assume that i believe you , '' ituralde said carefully , `` i do n't see that it matters . 
 i have a war to fight . 
 you have other business to concern you , i assume . '' 
 `` you are my concern , '' al ` thor said , eyes so hard that they seemed ready to burrow into ituralde 's skull and search about inside for anything of use . 
 `` you must make peace with the seanchan . 
 this war gains us nothing . 
 i want you up on the borderlands ; i ca n't spare men to guard the blight , and the borderlanders themselves have abandoned their duties . '' 
 `` i have orders , '' ituralde said , shaking his head . 
 wait . 
 he would n't do as this youth asked if he did n't have orders . 
 except ... those eyes . 
 alsalam had had eyes like that , when they were both younger . 
 eyes that demanded obedience . 
 `` your orders , '' al ` thor said . 
 `` they are from the king ? 
 that is why you throw yourselves against the seanchan as you do ? '' 
 ituralde nodded . 
 `` i 've heard of you , rodel ituralde , '' al ` thor said . 
 `` men i trust , men i respect , trust and respect you . 
 rather than fleeing and hiding , you hunker down here to fight a battle you know will kill you . 
 all because of your loyalty to your king . 
 i commend that . 
 but it is time to turn away and fight a battle that means something . 
 one that means everything . 
 come with me , and i 'll give you the throne of arad doman . '' 
 ituralde stood up sharply , alert . 
 `` after commending my loyalty , you expect me to unseat my own king ! '' 
 `` your king is dead , '' al ` thor said . 
 `` either that , or his mind has been melted like wax . 
 more and more , i think graendal has him . 
 i see her touch on the chaos in this land . 
 whatever orders you have likely came from her . 
 why she wants you fighting the seanchan , i have n't yet been able to determine . '' 
 ituralde snorted . 
 `` you speak of one of the forsaken as if you 've had her as a dinner guest . '' 
 al ` thor met his eyes again . 
 `` i remember each of them-their faces , their mannerisms , the way they speak and act-as if i 've known them for a thousand years . 
 i remember them better than i remember my own childhood , sometimes . 
 i am the dragon reborn . '' 
 ituralde blinked . 
 burn me , he thought . 
 / believe him . 
 bloody ashes ! 
 `` let 's ... let 's see this proof of yours . '' 
 there were objections , of course , mostly from lidrin , who thought it too dangerous . 
 the others were shaken . 
 here was the man they 'd sworn themselves to without ever meeting him . 
 there seemed to be a ... a force about al ` thor , drawing ituralde in , demanding that he do as asked . 
 well , he 'd see the proof , first . 
 they sent runners for horses to ride out of the stedding , but al ` thor spoke as if ituralde was his man already . 
 `` perhaps alsalam lives , '' al ` thor said as they waited . 
 `` if so , i can see that you would not want his throne . 
 would you like amadicia ? 
 i will need someone to rule there and keep an eye on the seanchan . 
 the whitecloaks fight there now ; i 'm not sure if i 'll be able to stop that conflict before the last battle . '' 
 the last battle . 
 light ! 
 `` i wo n't take it if you kill the king there , '' ituralde said . 
 `` if the whitecloaks have already killed him , or if the seanchan have , then perhaps . '' 
 king ! 
 what was he saying ? 
 burn you ! 
 he thought to himself . 
 at least wait until the proof is given before agreeing to accept thrones ! 
 there was a way about this man , the way he discussed events like the last battle-events that mankind had been fearing for thousands of years-as if they were items on the daily camp report . 
 soldiers arrived with their horses , and ituralde mounted , as did al ` thor , wakeda , rajabi , ankaer , melarned , lidrin and a half-dozen lesser officers . 
 `` i 've brought a large number of aiel into your lands , '' rand al ` thor said as they began to ride . 
 `` i had hoped to use them to restore order , but they are taking longer than i 'd wished . 
 i 'm planning to secure the members of the merchant council ; perhaps once i have them in hand , i 'll be able to improve the stability of the area . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 ituralde did n't know what to think . 
 securing the merchant council ? 
 that sounded like kidnapping them . 
 what had ituralde gotten himself into ? 
 `` it could work , '' he found himself saying . 
 `` light , it 's probably the best plan , all things considered . '' 
 al ` thor nodded , looking forward as they passed out of the palisade and moved out along a trail toward the edge of the stedding . 
 `` i 'll have to secure the borderlands , anyway . 
 i will care for your homeland . 
 burn those borderlanders ! 
 what are they up to ? 
 no . 
 no , not yet . 
 they can wait . 
 no , he 'll do . 
 he can hold it . 
 i 'll send him with asha ` man . '' 
 suddenly , al ` thor turned to ituralde . 
 `` what could you do if i gave you a hundred men who could channel ? '' 
 `` madmen ? '' 
 `` no , most of them are stable , '' al ` thor said , taking no apparent offense . 
 `` whatever madness they incurred before i cleansed the taint is still there-removing the taint did n't heal them-but few of them were far gone . 
 and they wo n't get worse , now that saidin is clean . '' 
 saidin ? 
 clean ? 
 if ituralde had his own men who could channel ... . 
 his own damane , in a way . 
 ituralde scratched his chin . 
 it was coming at him quickly-but , then , a general had to be able to react quickly . 
 `` i could use them well , '' he said . 
 `` very well . '' 
 `` good , '' al ` thor said . 
 they had left the stedding ; the air felt different . 
 `` you 've got a lot of land to watch , but many of the channelers i 'll give you can spin gateways . '' 
 `` gateways ? '' 
 ituralde asked . 
 al ` thor glanced at him , then seemed to grit his teeth , closing his eyes , shaking as if nauseated . 
 ituralde sat upright , suddenly alert , hand on his sword . 
 poison ? 
 was the man wounded ? 
 but no , al ` thor opened his eyes , and there seemed to be a look of ecstasy in those depths . 
 he turned , waving a hand , and a line of light split the air in front of him . 
 men around ituralde cursed , backing up . 
 it was one thing for a man to claim he could channel ; it was another to see him do so in front of you ! 
 `` that 's a gateway , '' al ` thor said as the line of light turned around , opening a large black hole in the air . 
 `` depending on the asha ` man 's strength , a gateway can be made wide enough to drive wagons through . 
 you can travel nearly anywhere with speed , sometimes instantly , depending on circumstances . 
 with a few trained asha ` man , your army could dine in caemlyn in the morning , then have lunch in tanchico a few hours later . '' 
 ituralde rubbed his chin . 
 `` well now , that 's a thing to see . 
 a thing to see indeed . '' 
 if this man spoke truthfully , and these gateways really did work ... . 
 `` with this i could clear the seanchan out of tarabon , and maybe off the land entirely ! '' 
 `` no , '' al ` thor snapped . 
 `` we make peace with them . 
 from what my scouts say , it 's going to be hard enough to bring them to agreement without promising them your head . 
 i wo n't rile them further . 
 there is no time for squabbling . 
 we have more important matters to be about . '' 
 `` nothing is more important than my homeland , '' ituralde said . 
 `` even if those orders are forged , i know alsalam . 
 he would agree with me . 
 we wo n't stand for foreign troops on the soil of arad doman . '' 
 `` a promise , then , '' al ` thor said . 
 `` i will see the seanchan out of arad doman . 
 i promise you this . 
 but we do n't fight them away any further than that . 
 in exchange , you go to the borderlands and protect against an invasion there . 
 hold back the trollocs if they come , and lend me some of your officers to help secure arad doman . 
 it will be easier to restore order if the people see that their own lords are working with me . '' 
 ituralde considered , though he knew already what his answer would be . 
 that gateway could spirit his men away from this death trap . 
 with aiel on his side-with the dragon reborn as an ally-he really did have the last of the tabac a chance of keeping arad doman secure . 
 an honorable death was a good thing . 
 but the ability to keep on fighting with honor ... that was a prize far more precious . 
 `` agreed , '' ituralde said , holding out a hand . 
 althor took it . 
 `` go break camp . 
 you 're to be in saldaea by nightfall . '' 
 chapter 11 the death of adrin i think he should be beaten again , said lerian , moving her fingers in the complex motions of maiden handtalk . 
 he is like a child , and when a child touches something dangerous , the child is beaten . 
 if a child hurts himself because he was not taught properly to stay away from knives , then the shame is upon his parents . 
 the previous beating did not seem to do any good , surial replied . 
 he accepted it like a man , not a child , but did not change his actions . 
 then we must try again , lerian replied . 
 aviendha dropped her rock into the pile by the watchpost , then turned around . 
 she did not acknowledge the maidens who watched the way into the camp , and they did not acknowledge her . 
 speaking to her while she was being punished would only heighten her shame , and her spear-sisters would not do that . 
 she also did n't indicate that she understood their conversation . 
 while nobody expected a former maiden to forget handtalk , it was best to be unobtrusive . 
 the handtalk belonged to the maidens . 
 aviendha selected a large stone from a second pile , then began to walk back into camp . 
 if the maidens continued their conversation , she could not tell , as she could no longer see their hands . 
 but their discussion lingered with her . 
 they were angered that rand al ` thor had gone to meet with the general rodel ituralde without guards . 
 it was not the first time he had acted so foolishly , and yet he seemed unwilling-or unable - to learn the proper way . 
 each time he put himself in danger without protection , he insulted the maidens as surely as if he had slapped each one in the face . 
 aviendha probably had some small toh toward her spear-sisters . 
 teaching rand al ` thor of aiel ways had been her task , and she had quite obviously failed . 
 unfortunately , she had a much greater toh toward the wise ones , even if she still did n't know the reason . 
 her lesser duty to her spear-sisters would have to wait for an appropriate time . 
 her arms ached from carrying rocks . 
 they were smooth and heavy ; she had been required to dig them out of the river beside the manor house . 
 only her time spent with elayne-when she had been forced to bathe in water-had given her the strength to walk into that river . 
 in that , she had not shamed herself . 
 and at least this river was a small one-wetlanders might inaccurately call it a stream . 
 a stream was a tiny mountain runoff in which you could dip your hands or fill a waterskin . 
 anything too large to step across was definitely a river . 
 the day was overcast , as usual , and the camp was subdued . 
 men who had bustled just days before-when the aiel had arrived-were more lethargic now . 
 the camp was n't by any means unkempt ; davram bashere was too careful a commander to allow that , wetlander though he was . 
 however , the men did move more slowly . 
 she had heard some of them complain that the dark sky was dampening their moods . 
 how strange wetlanders were ! 
 what did the weather have to do with one 's mood ? 
 she could understand being displeased that no raids were approaching , or that a hunt had gone poorly . 
 but because there were clouds in the sky ? 
 was shade so poorly appreciated here ? 
 she shook her head , continuing on her way . 
 she had chosen stones which would strain her muscles . 
 to do otherwise would have been to make light of her punishment , and she would n't do that-although each step pained her honor . 
 she had to cross through the entire camp , in full sight , doing work that was useless ! 
 she would rather have been nak * d before them all outside of the sweat tent . 
 she would rather have run a thousand laps , or been beaten so hard that she could n't walk . 
 she reached the side of the manor house and deposited her stone with a hidden sigh of relief . 
 two wetlander soldiers from bashere 's army stood guarding the door into the manor , a counterpart to the two maidens at the other end of aviendha 's trek . 
 as she stooped and picked up a large stone from a second pile by the wall , she overheard them speaking . 
 `` burn me , but it 's hot , '' one of the men complained . 
 `` hot ? '' 
 the other replied , glancing at the overcast sky . 
 `` you 're jesting . '' 
 the first guard waved his hand at himself , puffing out and sweating . 
 `` how can you not feel that ? '' 
 `` you must have a fever or something . '' 
 the first guard shook his head . 
 `` i just do n't like the heat , that 's all . '' 
 aviendha picked up her rock and began to walk back across the green . 
 after some contemplation , she had determined that being a wet-lander required one common attribute : a fondness for complaining . 
 during her first months in the wetlands , she had considered this shameful . 
 did that guard not care that he was losing face in front of his fellow by exposing his weakness ? 
 they were all like that , even elayne . 
 if you listened to her talk about the aches , sicknesses and frustrations of her pregnancy , you would almost think she was approaching death ! 
 however , if complaining was something that elayne did , then aviendha refused to accept it as a sign of weakness . 
 her first-sister would not act in such a shameful way . 
 therefore , there had to be some hidden honor in it . 
 perhaps the wet-landers exposed their weaknesses to their companions as a means of offering friendship and trust . 
 if your friends knew of your weaknesses , it would give them an advantage should you dance the spears with them . 
 or , perhaps , the complaining was a wetlander way of showing humility , much as the gai ` shain showed honor by being subservient . 
 she had asked elayne about her theories and had received only a fond laugh in return . 
 was it some aspect of wetlander society that she was forbidden to discuss with outsiders , then ? 
 had elayne laughed because aviendha had figured out something she was not meant to ? 
 either way , it was certainly a way to show honor , and that satisfied aviendha . 
 if only her own problems with the wise ones were as simple ! 
 it was expected that the wetlanders would act in erratic , unnatural ways . 
 but what was she to do when wise ones behaved so strangely ? 
 she was growing frustrated-not with the wise ones , but with herself . 
 she was strong and brave . 
 not as brave as some others , of course ; she could only wish to be as bold as elayne . 
 still , aviendha could think of only a few problems which she had n't been able to solve with the application of spears , the one power or her wits . 
 yet she had failed utterly at deciphering her current predicament . 
 she reached the other side of the camp and deposited her stone , then brushed off her hands . 
 the maidens stood motionless and contemplative . 
 aviendha moved to the other pile and picked up an oblong rock with a jagged edge . 
 it was three handspans wide , and the smooth surface threatened to slip in her ringers . 
 she had to shift it several times before getting a good purchase . 
 she headed back across the trampled winter thatch , past saldaean tents , toward the manor house . 
 elayne would say that aviendha had n't thought the problem through . 
 elayne was calm and thoughtful when other people were tense . 
 aviendha sometimes grew frustrated with how much her first-sister liked to talk before committing to action . 
 i need to be more like her . 
 i need to remember that i 'm not a maiden of the spear any longer . 
 i ca n't charge in with weapon held high . 
 she needed to approach problems as elayne did . 
 that was the only way she was going to get her honor back , and only then could claim rand al ` thor and make him hers as much as he was elayne 's or min 's . 
 she could feel him through the bond ; he was in his room , but was not sleeping . 
 he pushed himself hard and slept too little . 
 the stone slipped in her fingers , and she nearly stumbled as she rebalanced her weight , hefting it in tired arms . 
 some of bashere 's soldiers walked past , bemused expressions on their faces , and aviendha felt herself blush . 
 although they might not know that she was being punished , she was shamed before them . 
 how would elayne reason out this situation ? 
 the wise ones were angry at aviendha for not `` learning quickly enough . '' 
 and yet they did n't teach her . 
 they just asked those questions . 
 questions about what she thought of their situation , questions about rand al ` thor or about the way rhuarc had handled meeting with the car ` a ` carn . 
 aviendha could n't help feeling that the questions were tests . 
 was she answering incorrectly ? 
 if so , why did n't they instruct her in the proper responses ? 
 the wise ones did n't think she was soft . 
 what was left ? 
 what would elayne say ? 
 aviendha wished for her spears back so that she could stab something . 
 attack , test herself against another , work out her anger . 
 no , she thought forcefully . 
 / am going to learn to do this as a wise one . 
 i will find honor again ! 
 she reached the manor and dropped her rock . 
 she wiped her brow ; ignoring heat and cold as elayne had taught her did n't keep her from sweating when she worked her body this hard . 
 `` adrin ? '' 
 one door guard asked his companion . 
 `` light , you do n't look well . 
 truly . '' 
 aviendha glanced toward the doorway into the manor . 
 the guard who had been complaining about the heat was sagging against the doorway , hand on his forehead . 
 he really did n't look well . 
 aviendha embraced saidar . 
 she was n't the best at healing , but perhaps she could - the man reached up suddenly , scratching at the skin of his temples . 
 his eyes rolled up in his head and his fingers tore gashes in his flesh . 
 only , instead of blood , the wounds spat out a black charcoal-like substance . 
 aviendha could feel the intense heat even from a distance . 
 the other guard gaped in horror as his friend ripped lines of black fire down the sides of his head . 
 a blackish tar oozed out , boiling and hissing . 
 the man 's clothing burst into flames and his flesh shriveled from the heat . 
 he did n't utter a sound . 
 aviendha shrugged off her shock , immediately weaving air in a simple pattern to pull the unaffected guard to safety . 
 his friend was now just a pulsing mound of black tar which , in places , sprouted blackened bones . 
 there was no skull . 
 the heat was so strong that aviendha had to back away , pulling the guard with her . 
 `` we ... we 're being attacked ! '' 
 the man whispered . 
 `` channelers ! '' 
 `` no , '' aviendha said , `` this is something far more evil . 
 run for help ! '' 
 he seemed too shocked to move , but she shoved him into motion and he began to move . 
 the tar itself did n't seem to be spreading , which was a blessing , but it had already ignited the doorframe of the manor . 
 it could have the entire building in flames before anyone inside was aware of the danger . 
 aviendha wove air and water , intending to extinguish the flame . 
 however , her weaves frazzled and wavered when they got near the fire . 
 they did n't unweave , but this fire somehow resisted them . 
 she took another step back from the awesome , burning intensity . 
 her brow prickled with sweat , and she had to raise her arm to shade her face from the heat . 
 she could barely make out the black char at the center as it began to glow with the deep red and white of extremely hot coals . 
 soon , only hints of the black remained . 
 the fire spread across the front wall of the building . 
 aviendha heard screams from inside . 
 aviendha shook herself , then growled and wove earth and air , pulling chunks of the ground up around her . 
 she hurled these at the fire , seeking to smother it . 
 her weave could not draw the heat out , but that did not stop her from using weaves to cast items into the fire . 
 chunks of grass-covered earth sizzled and hissed , wan blades flashing to ash before the incredible heat . 
 aviendha continued to work , sweating from both the exertion and the temperature . 
 in the distance , she heard people-perhaps the guard among them - calling for buckets . 
 buckets ? 
 of course ! 
 in the three-fold land , water was far too valuable to use in fighting fires . 
 dirt or sand was used . 
 but here , they would use water . 
 aviendha took several steps backward , searching out the curling river that ran beside the manor . 
 she could just barely make out its surface , reflecting the dancing reds and oranges of the flames . 
 already , the entire front of the manor was aflame ! 
 she felt channeling from inside - aes sedai or wise ones . 
 hopefully , they would escape out of the back of the building . 
 the fire had engulfed the inner hallway , and the rooms off of it had no doors out . 
 aviendha wove a massive column of air and water , pulling a spout of crystalline liquid from the river and drawing it toward her . 
 the column of water undulated in the air like the creature on rand 's banner , a glassy serpentine dragon that slammed against the flames . 
 steam hissed outward in an explosion , washing over her . 
 the heat was powerful and the wave of steam scalded her skin , but she did not back down . 
 she pulled more water , hurling a thick column of it at the darkened mound , which she could only just make out through the steam . 
 that heat was so intense ! 
 aviendha stumbled backward a few steps , gritting her teeth , continuing to work . 
 then there was a sudden explosion as another column of water burst from the river and slammed into the fire . 
 this , along with her own , diverted nearly the entire flow of the river . 
 aviendha blinked . 
 the other column was being directed by weaves she could not see , but she did notice a figure standing in a window up on the second floor , hand forward , face concentrating intensely . 
 naeff , one of rand 's asha ` man . 
 it was said he was particularly strong with air . 
 the fires had retreated ; only the tarry mound remained , radiating a powerful heat . 
 the wall near it and the entryway inside had become a gaping , blackened hole . 
 aviendha continued to pull water and dump it on the charred black mass , though she was beginning to feel extremely tired . 
 handling so much water required her to channel almost to her capacity . 
 soon the water stopped hissing . 
 aviendha slacked her flow , then let it dribble to a stop . 
 the ground around her was a wet , blackened disarray that smelled heavily of soggy ash . 
 bits of wood and char floated in the muddy water , and the holes where she had ripped up earth were filled , making pools . 
 she walked forward hesitantly , inspecting the lump that was the remains of the unfortunate soldier . 
 it was glassy and black , like obsidian , and it sparkled wetly . 
 she picked up a length of singed wood - broken from the wall by the force of her water column-and poked at the mass . 
 it was hard and firm . 
 `` burn you ! '' 
 a voice bellowed . 
 aviendha looked up . 
 rand al ` thor strode through the broken hole that now formed the front of the mansion . 
 he stared at the sky , shaking his fist . 
 `` i am the one you want ! 
 you will have your war soon enough ! '' 
 `` rand , '' aviendha said hesitantly . 
 soldiers were milling about the green , looking concerned , as if expecting a battle . 
 bewildered servants peeked out of rooms inside the manor . 
 the entire episode with the flames had taken less than five minutes . 
 `` i will stop you ! '' 
 rand roared , causing calls of fright from both servants and soldiers . 
 `` do you hear me ! 
 i am coming for you ! 
 do n't waste your power ! 
 you will need it against me ! '' 
 `` rand ! '' 
 aviendha called . 
 he froze , then looked down at her , dazed . 
 she met his eyes , and she could feel his anger , almost as she 'd felt the intense flames just a short time before . 
 he turned and stalked away , walking back into the building and up the blackened wooden steps . 
 `` light ! '' 
 an anxious voice asked . 
 `` does this sort of thing happen often when he is near ? '' 
 aviendha turned to see a young man in an unfamiliar uniform standing and watching . 
 he was lanky , with light brown hair and coppery skin-she did n't remember his name , but she was fairly certain he was one of the officers rand had brought back after meeting with rodel ituralde . 
 she turned back to the mess , listening to soldiers call orders in the distance . 
 bashere had arrived and was taking command , telling men to watch the perimeter , though he was likely just giving them something to do . 
 this was not the beginning of an attack . 
 it was just another of the dark one 's touches on the world , like meat spoiling , beetles and rats appearing from nothing , and men dropping dead of strange diseases . 
 `` yes , '' aviendha said in response to the man 's question , `` it happens often . 
 more often around the car ` a ` carn than in other places , at least . 
 you have had similar events among your own men ? '' 
 `` i have heard stories , '' he said . 
 `` only i dismissed them . '' 
 `` not all stories are exaggerations , '' she said , looking at the blackened remains of the soldier . 
 `` the dark one 's prison is weak . '' 
 `` bloody ashes , '' the young man said , turning away . 
 `` what have you gotten us into , rodel ? '' 
 the man shook his head and stalked off . 
 bashere 's officers began calling orders , organizing the men to clean up . 
 would rand move out of the manor , now ? 
 when pockets of evil appeared , people often wanted to leave . 
 and yet , through her bond with rand , she felt no urgency . 
 in fact ... it seemed that he had gone back to rest ! 
 that man 's moods were becoming as erratic as elayne 's during her pregnancy . 
 aviendha shook her head and started gathering burned chunks of wood to help clean . 
 as she worked , several aes sedai came out of the building and began inspecting the damage . 
 the entire front of the manor was scored with black marks , and the hole where the entry way had been was at least fifteen feet across . 
 one of the women , merise , eyed aviendha appreciatively . 
 `` a shame , '' she said . 
 aviendha straightened up , lifting a piece of charred wood , her clothing still soaked . 
 with those clouds covering the sun , it would be long before she was dry . 
 `` a shame ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` about the manor ? '' 
 the portly lord tellaen , owner of the place , moaned to himself as he sat on a stool inside the entryway , wiping his brow and shaking his head . 
 `` no , '' merise said . 
 `` a shame about you , child . 
 your skill with weaves , it is impressive . 
 if we had you in the white tower , you 'd have been an aes sedai by now . 
 your weaving , it has some roughness to it , but you 'd learn to fix that quickly if taught by sisters . '' 
 there was an audible sniff , and aviendha spun . 
 melaine stood behind her . 
 the golden-haired wise one had her arms folded beneath her br ** sts , and her stomach was starting to bulge with child . 
 her face was not amused . 
 how had aviendha let the woman walk up behind her without hearing ? 
 she was letting her fatigue make her careless . 
 melaine and merise stared at each other for a long moment ; then the tall aes sedai spun in a flurry of green skirts and moved off to speak with the servants who had been trapped by the flames , asking if any of them needed healing . 
 melaine watched her go , then shook her head . 
 `` insufferable woman , '' she muttered . 
 `` to think , how we once regarded them ! '' 
 `` wise one ? '' 
 aviendha asked . 
 `` i 'm stronger than most aes sedai , aviendha , and you 're far stronger than i am . 
 you have a control and understanding of weaves that puts most of us to shame . 
 others have to struggle to learn what comes naturally to you . 
 ` roughness to your weaves , ' she says ! 
 i doubt any of the aes sedai , save perhaps cadsuane sedai , could have managed what you did with that column of water . 
 moving water that far required you to use the river 's own flow and pressure . '' 
 `` is that what i did ? '' 
 aviendha asked , blinking . 
 melaine eyed her , then snorted again , softly to herself . 
 `` yes , that is what you did . 
 you have such great talent , child . '' 
 aviendha swelled with the praise ; from wise ones , it was rare , but always sincere . 
 `` but you refuse to learn , '' melaine continued . 
 `` there is n't much time ! 
 here , i have another question for you . 
 what do you think of rand al ` thor 's plan to kidnap these domani merchant chiefs ? '' 
 aviendha blinked again , so tired it was hard to think . 
 it defied reason that the domani used merchants as leaders in the first place . 
 how could a merchant lead people ? 
 did not merchants have to focus on their wares ? 
 it was ridiculous . 
 would the wetlanders ever stop shocking her with their strange ways ? 
 and why was melaine asking her about this now of all times ? 
 `` his plan seems a good one , wise one , '' aviendha said . 
 `` yet the spears do not like being used for kidnapping . 
 i think the car ` a ` carn should have spoken in terms of offering protection-forced protection - for the merchants . 
 the chiefs would have responded better to being told they were protecting rather than kidnapping . '' 
 `` they would be doing the very same thing , no matter what you call it . '' 
 `` but what you call a thing is important , '' aviendha said . 
 `` it is not dishonest if both definitions are true . '' 
 melaine 's eyes twinkled , and aviendha caught a hint of a smile on her lips . 
 `` what else do you think of the meeting ? '' 
 `` rand al ` thor still seems to think that the car ` a ` carn can make demands like a wetlander king . 
 this is my shame . 
 i failed to explain the right way . '' 
 melaine waved a hand . 
 `` you have no shame there . 
 we all know how bullheaded the car ` a ` carn is . 
 the wise ones have tried as well , and none have been able to train him correctly . '' 
 so . 
 that was n't the reason for her dishonor before the wise ones . 
 what was it then ? 
 aviendha ground her teeth in frustration , then forced herself to continue . 
 `` regardless , he needs to be reminded . 
 again and again . 
 rhuarc is a wise and patient man , but not all clan chiefs are so . 
 i know that some of the others wonder if their decision to follow rand al ` thor was an error . '' 
 `` true , '' melaine said . 
 `` but look at what happened to the shaido . '' 
 `` i did not say they were right , wise one , '' aviendha said . 
 a group of soldiers were hesitantly trying to pry up the glassy black mound . 
 it appeared to have fused to the ground . 
 aviendha lowered her voice . 
 `` they are wrong to question the car ` a ` carn , but they are speaking to one another . 
 rand al ` thor needs to realize that they will not accept offense after offense from him without end . 
 they may not turn against him like the shaido , but i would not put it past timolan-for instance-to simply return to the three-fold land and leave the car ` a ` carn to his arrogance . '' 
 melaine nodded . 
 `` do not worry . 
 we are aware of this ... possibility . '' 
 that meant wise ones had been sent to soothe timolan , who was chief of the miagoma aiel . 
 it would not be the first time . 
 did rand al ` thor know how hard the wise ones worked behind his back to maintain aiel loyalty ? 
 probably not . 
 he saw them all as one homogeneous group , sworn to him , to be used . 
 that was one of rand 's great weaknesses . 
 he could not see that aiel , like other people , did not like being used as tools . 
 the clans were far less tightly knit than he believed . 
 blood feuds had been put aside for him . 
 could n't he understand how incredible that was ? 
 could n't he see how tenuous that alliance continued to be ? 
 but not only was he a wetlander by birth , he was not a wise one . 
 few aiel themselves saw the work the wise ones did in a dozen different areas . 
 how simple life had seemed when she had been a maiden ! 
 it would have dazzled her to know how much went on beyond her sight . 
 melaine stared blindly at the broken building . 
 `` a remnant of a remnant , '' she said , as if to herself . 
 `` and if he leaves us burned and broken , like those boards ? 
 what will become of the aiel then ? 
 do we limp back to the three-fold land and continue as we did before ? 
 many will not want to leave . 
 these lands offer too much . '' 
 aviendha blinked at the weight of those words . 
 she had rarely given thought to what would happen after the car ` a ` carn was finished with them . 
 she was centered on the now , upon regaining her honor and being there to protect rand al ` thor at the last battle . 
 but a wise one could not just think of the now or the tomorrow . 
 she had to think of the years ahead and the times that would be brought upon the winds . 
 a remnant of a remnant . 
 he had broken the aiel as a people . 
 what would become of them ? 
 melaine glanced back at aviendha , her face softening . 
 `` go to the tents , child , and rest . 
 you look like a sharadan that has crawled on his belly across three days of sand . '' 
 aviendha looked down at her arms , seeing the flakes of ash from the burnings . 
 her clothing was soaked and stained , and she suspected that her face was just as filthy . 
 her arms ached from carrying the stones all day . 
 once she acknowledged the fatigue , it seemed to crash upon her like a windstorm . 
 she gritted her teeth and forced herself to remain upright . 
 she would not shame herself by collapsing ! 
 but she did turn to leave , as instructed . 
 `` oh , and aviendha , '' melaine called . 
 `` we will discuss your punishment tomorrow . '' 
 she turned in shock . 
 `` for not finishing with the stones , '' melaine said , surveying the wreckage again . 
 `` and for not learning quickly enough . 
 go . '' 
 aviendha sighed . 
 another round of questions , and another undeserved punishment . 
 there was a correlation of some sort . 
 but what ? 
 she was too exhausted to think about it for now . 
 all she wanted was her bed , and she found herself treacherously recalling the soft , luxurious mattresses back in the palace of caemlyn . 
 she forced those thoughts out of her mind . 
 sleep that soundly , muffled in pillows and down comforters , and you 'd be too relaxed to wake if someone tried to kill you in the night ! 
 how had she let elayne convince her to sleep in one of those soft-feathered death traps ? 
 another thought occurred to her as she pushed that one away-a treacherous one . 
 a thought of rand al ` thor , resting in his room . 
 she could go to him ... . 
 no ! 
 not until she had her honor back . 
 she would not go to him as a beggar . 
 she would go to him as a woman of honor . 
 assuming that she could ever figure out what she was doing wrong . 
 she shook her head and trotted toward the aiel camp at the side of the green . 
 chapter 12 unexpected encounters egwene walked the cavernous halls of the white tower , lost in thought . 
 her two red keepers trailed along behind . 
 they seemed a little sullen these days . 
 elaida ordered them to stay with egwene more and more often ; though the individuals changed , there were almost always two with her . 
 and yet , it seemed that they could sense that egwene considered them to be attendants rather than guards . 
 it had been well over a month since siuan had conveyed her disturbing news in tel ` aran ` rhiod , but still egwene thought about it . 
 the events were a reminder that the world was coming apart . 
 this was a time when the white tower should have been a source of stability . 
 instead , it divided against itself while rand al ` thor 's men bonded sisters . 
 how could rand have allowed such a thing ? 
 there was obviously little left of the youth with whom she 'd grown up . 
 of course , there was little of the youthful egwene left either . 
 gone were the days when the two of them had seemed destined to end up married , living on a little farm in the two rivers . 
 that , oddly , led her to thinking of gawyn . 
 how long had it been since she 'd last seen him , stealing kisses in cairhien ? 
 where was he now ? 
 was he safe ? 
 keep focused , she told herself . 
 clean the patch of floor you 're working on first before you move on to the rest of the house . 
 gawyn could look after himself ; he 'd done a competent job of that in the past . 
 too competent , in some cases . 
 siuan and the others would deal with the asha ` man matter . 
 the other news was far more disturbing . 
 one of the forsaken , in the camp ? 
 a woman , yet channeling saidin instead of saidar ? 
 egwene would have called it impossible , once . 
 yet she had seen ghosts in the halls of the white tower , and the corridors seemed to rearrange on a daily basis . 
 this was just another sign . 
 she shivered . 
 halima had touched egwene , supposedly massaging her headaches away . 
 those headaches disappeared as soon as egwene had been captured ; why had n't she considered that halima might have been causing them ? 
 what else had the woman been plotting ? 
 what hidden knots would the aes sedai stumble over , what traps had she laid ? 
 one section of the floor at a time . 
 clean what you could reach , then move on . 
 siuan and the others would have to deal with halima 's plots , too . 
 egwene 's backside hurt , but the pain was growing increasingly irrelevant to her . 
 sometimes she laughed when beaten , sometimes not . 
 the strap was unimportant . 
 the greater pain-what had been done to tar valon-was far more demanding . 
 she nodded to a group of white-clothed novices as they passed her in the hallway , and they bobbed down in curtsies . 
 egwene frowned , but did n't chastise them-she just hoped that they would n't draw penances from the trailing reds for showing deference to egwene . 
 her goal was the quarters of the brown ajah , the section that was now down in the wing . 
 meidani had taken her time volunteering to train egwene today . 
 the command had finally come today , weeks after the first dinner with elaida . 
 oddly , however , bennae nalsad had also offered to give her instruction this day . 
 egwene had n't spoken to the shienaran brown since that first conversation , some weeks before . 
 she 'd never repeated lessons with the same woman twice . 
 and yet , the name had been given to her in the morning as the first of the day 's visits . 
 when she reached the east wing , which now held the brown sector of the tower , her red minders reluctantly took up positions in the hallway outside , waiting for her return . 
 elaida probably would have liked them to stay with egwene , but after the reds themselves had been so exacting in protecting their boundary , there was little chance of another ajah - even the mild browns-letting a pair of red sisters infiltrate their quarters . 
 egwene hurried her pace as she entered the section with brown tiled floors , passing bustling women in nondescript , muted dresses . 
 it was going to be a full day , with her appointments with sisters , her scheduled beatings , and her regular novice load of scrubbing floors or other chores . 
 she arrived at bennae 's door , but hesitated there . 
 most sisters agreed to train egwene only when forced into the duty , and the experience was often unpleasant . 
 some of egwene 's teachers disliked her because of her affiliation with the rebels , others were annoyed by how easily she could craft weaves , and still others were infuriated to find that she would not show them respect like a novice . 
 these `` lessons , '' however , had been among egwene 's best chances to sow seeds against elaida . 
 she 'd planted one of those during her first visit with bennae . 
 had it begun to sprout ? 
 egwene knocked , and then entered at the call to come in . 
 the sitting room inside was cluttered with the refuse of scholarship . 
 stacks and stacks of books-like miniature city towers-leaned against one another . 
 skeletons of various creatures were mounted in various states of construction ; the woman owned enough bones to populate a menagerie . 
 egwene shivered when she noticed a full human skeleton in the corner , held upright and bound together with threads , some detailed notations written directly on the bones in black ink . 
 there was barely room to walk and only one clear place to sit - bennae 's own stuffed chair , the armrests worn with a twin set of depressions , doubtless where the brown 's arms had rested during countless late-night reading sessions . 
 the low ceiling felt lower for the several mummified fowl and astronomical contraptions which hung above . 
 egwene had to duck her head beneath a model of the sun in order to reach the place where bennae stood rifling through a stack of leather-bound volumes . 
 `` ah , '' she said as she noticed egwene . 
 `` good . '' 
 slender in a bony sort of way , she had dark hair that was streaked with gray from age . 
 the hair was in a bun , and she-like many browns-wore a simple dress that had n't been fashionable for a century or two . 
 bennae moved over to her stuffed sitting chair , ignoring the stiffer chairs by the hearth-both of those had accumulated stacks of papers since egwene 's previous visit . 
 egwene cleared off a stool , placing the dusty skeleton of a rat on the floor between two stacks of books about the reign of artur hawkwing . 
 `` well , i suppose we should get on with your instruction , then , '' bennae said , settling back in her chair . 
 egwene kept her face calm . 
 had bennae requested an opportunity to train egwene again ? 
 or had she been forced into it ? 
 egwene could see an unsophisticated brown sister getting repeatedly roped into a duty that nobody else wanted . 
 at bennae 's request , egwene performed a number of weaves , work far beyond the skill of most novices but easy for egwene , even with her power dampened by forkroot . 
 she tried to tease out the brown 's feelings on the relocation of her quarters , but bennae-like most of the browns egwene had spoken to-preferred to avoid that topic . 
 egwene did some more weaves . 
 after a time , she wondered just what the point of the meeting was . 
 had n't bennae asked her to demonstrate most of these very same weaves during her previous visit ? 
 `` very well , '' bennae said , getting herself a cup of tea from a pot warming on a small coal brazier . 
 she did n't offer any tea to egwene . 
 `` you are skilled enough at that . 
 but i wonder . 
 do you have the sharpness of mind , the ability to deal with difficult situations , that an aes sedai is required to have ? '' 
 egwene said nothing , though she did pointedly pour herself some tea . 
 bennae did not object . 
 `` let 's see ... '' bennae mused . 
 `` suppose that you were in a situation where you were in conflict with some members of your own ajah . 
 you have happened upon information you were n't supposed to know , and your ajah 's leaders are quite upset with you . 
 suddenly , you find yourself being sentenced to some most unpleasant duties , as if they are trying to sweep you under the rug and forget about you . 
 tell me , in this situation , how would you react ? '' 
 egwene almost choked on her tea . 
 the brown was n't very subtle . 
 she had begun asking about the thirteenth depository , had she ? 
 and that had landed her in trouble ? 
 few were supposed to know about the secret histories that egwene had mentioned so casually during her previous visit here . 
 `` well , '' egwene said , sipping her tea , `` let me approach it with a clear mind . 
 best to view it from the perspective of the ajah 's leaders , i should think . '' 
 bennae frowned faintly . 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 `` now , in this situation you describe , can we assume that these secrets have been entrusted to the ajah for safekeeping ? 
 ah , good . 
 well , from their perspective , important and careful plans have been upset . 
 think of how it must look . 
 someone has learned secrets they should not . 
 that whispers of a disturbing leak somewhere among your most trusted members . '' 
 bennae paled . 
 `` i suppose i could see that . '' 
 `` then the best way to handle the situation would be twofold , '' eg-wene said , taking another sip of tea . 
 it tasted terrible . 
 `` first , the leaders of the ajah would have to be reassured . 
 they need to know that it was n't their fault that the information leaked . 
 if i were the hypothetical sister in trouble-and if i 'd done nothing wrong-i 'd go to them and explain . 
 that way they could stop searching for the one who let information slip . '' 
 `` but , '' bennae said , `` that probably wo n't help the sister-the hypothetical one in trouble-get out of her punishments . '' 
 `` it could n't hurt , '' egwene said . 
 `` likely , she 's being ` punished ' to keep her out of the way while the ajah leaders search for a traitor . 
 when they know there is n't one , they 'll be more likely to look at the fallen sister 's situation with empathy-particularly after she 's offered them a solution . '' 
 `` solution ? '' 
 bennae asked . 
 her teacup sat in her fingers , as if forgotten . 
 `` and which solution would you offer ? '' 
 `` the best one : competence . 
 obviously , some people among the ajah know these secrets . 
 well , if this sister were to prove her trustworthiness and her capability , perhaps the leaders of her ajah would realize the best place for her is as one of the caretakers of the secrets . 
 an easy solution , if you consider it . '' 
 bennae sat thoughtfully , a small mummified finch spinning slowly on its cord directly above her . 
 `` yes , but will it work ? '' 
 `` it is certainly better than serving in some forgotten storeroom cataloguing scrolls , '' egwene said . 
 `` unjust punishment sometimes can not be avoided , but it is best never to let others forget that it is unjust . 
 if she simply accepts the way people treat her , then it wo n't be long before they assume she deserves the position they 've placed her in . '' 
 and thank you , silviana , for that little bit of advice . 
 `` yes , '' bennae said , nodding . 
 `` yes , i do suppose that you are correct . '' 
 `` i am always willing to help , bennae , '' egwene said in a softer voice , turning back to her tea . 
 `` in , of course , hypothetical situations . '' 
 for a moment , egwene worried that she 'd gone too far in calling the brown by her name . 
 however , bennae met her eyes , then actually went so far as to bow her head just slightly in thanks . 
 if the hour spent with bennae had been isolated , egwene would still have found it remarkable . 
 however , she was shocked to discover-upon leaving bennae 's lair of a room-a novice waiting with a message instructing her to attend nagora , a white sister . 
 egwene still had time before her meeting with meidani , so she went . 
 she could n't ignore a summons from a sister , though she would undoubtedly have to do extra chores later to make up for skipping the floor scrubbing . 
 at the meeting with nagora , egwene found herself being trained in logic-and the `` logical puzzles '' presented sounded very similar to a request for help in dealing with a warder who was growing frustrated with his increasing age and inability to fight . 
 egwene gave what help she could , which nagora declared to be `` logic without flaw '' before releasing her . 
 after that , there was another message , this one from suana , one of the sitters of the yellow ajah . 
 a sitter ! 
 it was the first time egwene been ordered to attend one of them . 
 egwene hurried to the appointment and was admitted by a maidservant . 
 suana 's quarters looked more like a garden than proper rooms . 
 as a sitter , suana could demand quarters with windows , and she made full use of her inset balcony as an herb garden . 
 but beyond that , she had mirrors positioned to reflect light into the room , which was overgrown with small potted trees , shrubs growing in large basins of earth , and even a small garden for carrots and radishes . 
 egwene noticed with displeasure a small pile of rotted tubers in one container , likely just harvested but somehow already spoiled . 
 the room smelled strongly of basil , thyme and a dozen other herbs . 
 despite the problems in the tower , despite the rotted plants , she was buoyed by the scent of life in the room-the freshly turned earth and growing plants . 
 and nynaeve complained that the sisters in the white tower ignored the usefulness of herbs ! 
 if only she could spend some time with plump , round-faced suana . 
 egwene found the woman remarkably pleasant . 
 suana ran her through a series of weaves , many of them related to healing , where egwene had never particularly shone . 
 still , her skill must have impressed the sitter , for midway through the lesson-egwene seated on a cushioned stool between two potted trees , suana sitting more properly in a stiff leather-covered chair-the tone of the conversation changed . 
 `` we should very much like to have you in the yellow , i think , '' the woman said . 
 egwene started . 
 `` i 've never shown particular skill for healing . '' 
 `` being of the yellow is n't about skill , child , '' suana said . 
 `` it 's about passion . 
 if you love to make things well , to fix that which is broken , there would be a purpose for you here . '' 
 `` my thanks , '' egwene said . 
 `` but the amyrlin has no ajah . '' 
 `` yes , but she 's raised from one . 
 consider it , egwene . 
 i think you would find a good home here . '' 
 it was a shocking conversation . 
 suana obviously did n't consider egwene the amyrlin , but the mere fact that she was recruiting egwene to her ajah said something . 
 it meant she accepted egwene 's legitimacy , at least to some degree , as a sister . 
 `` suana , '' egwene said , testing how far she could push that sense of legitimacy , `` have the sitters spoken of what to do about the tensions between the ajahs ? '' 
 `` i do n't see what can be done , '' suana replied , glancing toward her overgrown balcony . 
 `` if the other ajahs have decided to see the yellow as their enemy , then i can not compel them to be less foolish . '' 
 they likely say the same about you , egwene thought , but said , `` someone must make the first steps . 
 the shell of distrust is growing so thick that soon it will be hard to crack . 
 perhaps if some of the sitters of different ajahs began taking meals together , or were seen traveling the hallways in one another 's company , it would prove instructive for the rest of the tower . '' 
 `` perhaps ... '' suana said . 
 `` they are n't your enemies , suana , '' egwene said , letting her voice grow more firm . 
 the woman frowned at egwene , as if realizing suddenly who she was taking advice from . 
 `` well , then , i think it 's best that you ran along . 
 i 'm certain there is a great deal for you to do today . '' 
 egwene let herself out , carefully avoiding drooping branches and clusters of pots . 
 once she left the yellow sector of the tower and collected her red ajah attendants , she realized something . 
 she 'd gone through all three meetings without being assigned a single punishment . 
 she was n't certain what to think of that . 
 she 'd even called two of them by name directly to their faces ! 
 they were coming to accept her . 
 unfortunately , that was only a small part of the battle . 
 the larger part was making certain the white tower survived the strains elaida was placing upon it . 
 meidani 's quarters were surprisingly comfortable and homey . 
 egwene had always viewed the grays as similar to the whites , lacking passion , perfect diplomats who did n't have time for personal emotions or frivolities . 
 these rooms , however , hinted at a woman who loved to travel . 
 maps hung within delicate frames , centered on the walls like prized pieces of art . 
 a pair of aiel spears hung on either side of one map ; another was a map of the sea folk islands . 
 while many might have opted for the porcelain keepsakes that were so commonly associated with the sea folk , meidani had a small collection of earrings and painted shells , carefully framed and displayed , along with a small plaque beneath listing dates of collection . 
 the sitting room was like a museum dedicated to one person 's journeys . 
 an altaran marriage knife , set with four twinkling rubies , hung beside a small cairhienin banner and a shienar sword . 
 each had a small plaque explaining its significance . 
 the marriage knife , for instance , had been presented to meidani for her help in settling a dispute between two houses over the death of a particularly important landowner . 
 his wife had given her the knife as a token of thanks . 
 who would have thought that the cowering woman of the dinner a few weeks back would have such a proud collection ? 
 the rug itself was labeled , the gift of a trader who had purchased it on the closed docks of shara , then bestowed it on meidani in thanks for healing his daughter . 
 it was of strange design , woven from what seemed to be tiny , dyed reeds , with tufts of an exotic gray fur trimming the edges . 
 the pattern depicted exotic creatures with long necks . 
 meidani herself sat on a curious chair made from woven wicker boughs , crafted to look like a growing thicket of branches that just happened to take the shape of a chair . 
 it would have been horribly out of place in any other room in the tower , but it fit within these quarters , where each item was different , none of them related yet somehow all connected with the common theme of gifts received during travels . 
 the gray 's appearance was surprisingly different from what it had been during the dinner with elaida . 
 instead of the low-cut colorful dress , she wore a high-necked gown of plain white , long and tapering , cut as if to deemphasize her bosom . 
 her deep golden hair was up in a bun , and she did n't wear a single glimmer of jewelry . 
 was the contrast intentional ? 
 `` you took your time summoning me , '' egwene said . 
 `` i did n't want to appear suspicious before the amyrlin , '' meidani said as egwene crossed the exotic shara rug . 
 `` besides , i 'm still not certain how i regard you . '' 
 `` i do n't care how you regard me , '' egwene said evenly , seating herself on an oversized oak chair , bearing a plaque that identified it as a gift from a moneylender in tear . 
 `` an amyrlin needs not the regard of those who follow her , so long as she is obeyed . '' 
 `` you 've been captured and overthrown . '' 
 egwene raised an eyebrow , meeting meidani 's gaze . 
 `` captured , true . '' 
 `` the hall among the rebels will have chosen a new amyrlin by now . '' 
 `` i happen to know that they have not . '' 
 meidani hesitated . 
 revealing the existence of contact with the rebel aes sedai was a gamble , but if she could n't secure the loyalty of meidani and the spies , then she was on shaky ground indeed . 
 egwene had assumed that it would be easy to gain the woman 's support , considering how frightened meidani had been at supper . 
 but it seemed that the woman was not as easily cowed as it had appeared . 
 `` well , '' meidani said . 
 `` even if that is true , you must know that they picked you to be a figurehead . 
 a puppet to be manipulated . '' 
 egwene held the woman 's gaze . 
 `` you have no real authority , '' meidani said , voice wavering slightly . 
 egwene did not look away . 
 meidani studied her , brow wrinkling slowly , step by step , furrows appearing across her smooth , ageless aes sedai face . 
 she searched egwene 's eyes , like a mason searching a piece of stone for flaws before setting it in place . 
 what she found seemed to confuse her further . 
 `` now , '' egwene said , as if she had not just been questioned , `` you will tell me precisely why you have not fled the tower . 
 while i do believe that your spying on elaida is valuable , you must know how much danger you are in now that elaida is aware of your true allegiance . 
 why not leave ? '' 
 `` i ... can not say , '' meidani said , glancing away . 
 `` i 'm commanding you as your amyrlin . '' 
 `` i still can not say . '' 
 meidani looked down at the floor , as if ashamed . 
 curious , egwene thought , hiding her frustration . 
 `` it is obvious that you do not understand the gravity of our situation . 
 either you accept my authority , or you accept that of elaida . 
 there is no middle ground , meidani . 
 and i promise you this : if elaida retains the amyrlin seat , you will find her treatment of those she sees as traitors to be quite unpleasant . '' 
 meidani continued to look down . 
 despite her initial resistance , it seemed that she had little strength of will remaining . 
 `` i see . '' 
 egwene rose to her feet . 
 `` you 've betrayed us , have n't you ? 
 did you go to elaida 's side before you were exposed or after beonin 's confession ? '' 
 meidani looked up immediately . 
 `` what ? 
 no ! 
 i never betrayed our cause ! '' 
 she seemed sickened , face pale , mouth a thin line . 
 `` how could you think that i 'd support that horrid woman ? 
 i hate what she has done to the tower . '' 
 well , that was straightforward enough ; little room to wiggle around the three oaths in those statements . 
 either meidani was true or she was black-though egwene had difficulty believing that a black sister would endanger herself by telling a lie that could be exposed with such relative ease . 
 `` why not run , then ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` why stay ? '' 
 meidani shook her head . 
 `` i can not say . '' 
 egwene took a deep breath . 
 something about the entire conversation irritated her . 
 `` will you at least tell me why you take dinner with elaida so often ? 
 surely it 's not because you enjoy such treatment . '' 
 meidani blushed . 
 `` elaida and i were pillow-friends during our days as novices . 
 the others decided that if i were to renew the relationship , perhaps it would lead to my gaining valuable information . '' 
 egwene folded her arms beneath her br ** sts . 
 `` it seems reckless to assume she would trust you . 
 however , elaida 's thirst for power is guiding her to make reckless moves of her own , so perhaps the plan was not completely ill advised . 
 regardless , she 'll never draw you into her confidence now that she knows of your true allegiances . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but it was decided that i should n't let on that i 'm aware of her knowledge . 
 if i were to back away now , it would let on that we 've been warned-and that is one of the precious few edges we now hold . '' 
 precious few enough that she should have just run from the tower . 
 there was nothing to be gained by staying . 
 why , then ? 
 something was holding the woman back , it seemed . 
 something strong . 
 a promise ? 
 `` meidani , '' egwene said , `` i need to know what it is that you are n't telling me . '' 
 she shook her head ; she almost looked afraid . 
 light ! 
 egwene thought . 
 i wo n't do to her what elaida does those evenings at supper . 
 egwene sat back down . 
 `` straighten your back , meidani . 
 you 're not some simpering novice . 
 you 're aes sedai . 
 start acting like one . '' 
 the woman looked up , eyes flashing at the taunt . 
 egwene nodded approvingly . 
 `` we will mend the damage that elaida has done , and i will sit in my rightful place as amyrlin . 
 but we have work to do . '' 
 `` i ca n't - '' `` yes , '' egwene said . 
 `` you ca n't tell me what is wrong . 
 i suspect that the three oaths are involved , though light knows how . 
 we can work around the problem . 
 you ca n't tell me why you 've remained in the tower . 
 but can you show me ? '' 
 meidani cocked her head . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i could take you to - '' she cut off abruptly . 
 yes , one of the oaths was forcibly preventing her from continuing . 
 `` i might be able to show you , '' meidani finished lamely . 
 `` i 'm not certain . '' 
 `` then let 's find out . 
 how dangerous will it be if those red handlers of mine follow us ? '' 
 meidani paled . 
 `` dangerous . '' 
 `` then we 'll have to leave them behind , '' egwene said , absently tapping the armrest of her oversized oak chair with one nail as she thought . 
 `` we could leave the gray section of the tower by another way , but if we are seen , it could raise difficult questions . '' 
 `` there have been a lot of reds lurking near the entrances and exits of our quarters , '' meidani said . 
 `` i suspect all of the ajahs are watching one another like that . 
 it will be very difficult to get away without being noticed . 
 they would n't follow me alone , but if they see you ... '' spies , watching the other ajah quarters ? 
 light ! 
 had it gotten so bad ? 
 that was like scouts being sent to watch enemy camps . 
 she could n't risk being seen leaving with meidani , but to go alone would draw attention , too-the reds knew egwene was supposed to be guarded . 
 that left a problem , one egwene could think of only way to solve . 
 she eyed meidani . 
 how far to trust her ? 
 `` you promise that you do not support elaida , and that you accept my leadership ? '' 
 the woman hesitated , then nodded . 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` if i show you something , do you vow not to reveal it to anyone else without my permission first ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` yes . '' 
 egwene made her decision . 
 taking a deep breath , she embraced the source . 
 `` watch closely , '' she said , weaving threads of spirit . 
 dampened by forkroot , she was n't strong enough to open a gateway , but she could still show meidani the weaves . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 meidani asked . 
 `` it 's called a gateway , '' egwene said . 
 `` used for traveling . '' 
 `` traveling is impossible ! '' 
 meidani said immediately . 
 `` the ability has been lost for . 
 ... '' she trailed off , eyes opening more widely . 
 egwene let the weave dissipate . 
 immediately , meidani embraced the source , looking determined . 
 `` think of the place you want to go , '' egwene said . 
 `` you have to know the place you 're leaving behind very well to make this work . 
 i assume that you are familiar enough with your own quarters . 
 pick a destination where nobody is likely to be ; gateways can be dangerous if they open in the wrong location . '' 
 meidani nodded , golden bun bobbing as she concentrated . 
 she did an admirable job of imitating egwene 's weave , and a gateway opened directly between the two of them , white line splitting the air and bending upon itself . 
 the hole was on meidani 's side ; egwene saw only a shimmering patch , like a draft of heat warping the air . 
 she rounded the gateway , looking through the hole at a darkened stone hallway beyond . 
 the tiles on the floor were of a subdued white and brown , and there were no windows within sight . 
 in the depths of the tower , egwene guessed . 
 `` quickly , '' egwene said . 
 `` if i do n't return from your quarters after about an hour , my red minders might begin to wonder what is taking so long . 
 it 's already suspicious to have you , of all people , send for me . 
 we can only hope that elaida is n't careful enough to wonder at the coincidence . '' 
 `` yes , mother , '' meidani said , rushing over and taking a bronze lamp from her table , the flame flickering at the spout . 
 then she hesitated . 
 `` what ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` i 'm just surprised . '' 
 egwene almost asked what was so surprising , but then she saw it in meidani 's eyes . 
 meidani was surprised at how quickly she 'd found herself obeying . 
 she was surprised by how natural it was to think of egwene as amyrlin . 
 this woman had n't been won over completely , not yet , but she was close . 
 `` quickly , '' egwene said . 
 meidani nodded , stepping through the gateway , and egwene followed . 
 though the floor beyond was free of dust , the corridor was thick with the musty scent of uncirculated air . 
 the walls were bare of the ornamentations one saw occasionally in the upper corridors , and the only sound was that of a few distant rats scratching . 
 rats . 
 in the white tower . 
 once , that would have been impossible . 
 the failure of the wards was just one more impossibility atop an ever-growing stack . 
 this was not an area often given attention by the tower servants . 
 that was probably why meidani had chosen it to open the gateway . 
 that was well and good , but she was probably erring on the side of safety . 
 this deep within the tower , it would take precious minutes to return to the main hallways and find whatever it was meidani wished to show her . 
 and that would present its own problems . 
 what would happen if other sisters took note of egwene moving through the corridors without her normal complement of red ajah guards ? 
 before egwene could voice this concern , meidani began to walk away . 
 not up the hallway toward the stairwells , but down it , moving deeper . 
 egwene frowned , but followed . 
 `` i 'm not certain if i 'll be allowed to show you , '' meidani said softly , her skirts swishing , the sound not unlike that of the faint scrambling of the distant rats . 
 `` i must warn you , however , that you may be surprised at what you are stepping into . 
 it could be dangerous . '' 
 did meidani mean physical danger or political danger ? 
 it seemed that egwene was in about as much of the latter as was possible . 
 still , she nodded and accepted the warning with solemnity . 
 `` i understand . 
 but if something dangerous is happening in the tower , i must know of it . 
 it is not only my right , but my duty . '' 
 meidani said no more . 
 she led egwene through the twisting passage , muttering that she 'd have liked to have been able to bring her warder . 
 he was apparently out in the city on some errand . 
 the hall spiraled not unlike the undulating coils of the great serpent itself . 
 just when egwene was growing impatient , meidani stopped beside a closed door . 
 it looked no different from the dozens of other near-forgotten storage rooms that budded off the main corridor . 
 meidani raised a hesitant hand , then knocked sharply . 
 the door opened immediately , revealing a keen-eyed warder with ruddy hair and a square jaw . 
 he eyed meidani , then turned to egwene , his expression growing darker . 
 his arm flinched , as if he 'd just barely stopped himself from reaching for the sword at his side . 
 `` that will be meidani , '' a woman 's voice said from inside the room , `` come to report on her meeting with the girl . 
 adsalan ? '' 
 the warder stepped aside , revealing a small chamber set with boxes for chairs . 
 it held four women , all aes sedai . 
 and , shockingly , each was of a different ajah ! 
 egwene had n't seen women of four different ajahs so much as walk together in the hallways , let alone hold conference together . 
 not a single one of them was red , and each of the four was a sitter . 
 seaine was the stately woman in white robes and silver trim . 
 a sitter from the white ajah , she had thick black hair and eyebrows , and watery blue eyes that regarded egwene with an even expression . 
 beside her was doesine , a sitter of the yellow ajah . 
 she was slender and tall for a cairhienin ; her rich rose-colored dress was embroidered with gold . 
 her hair was adorned with sapphires , matched by the stone at her forehead . 
 yukiri was the gray sister sitting beside doesine . 
 yukiri was one of the shortest women that egwene had ever met , but she had a way of regarding others that always made her seem in control , even when accompanied by very tall aes sedai . 
 the last woman was saerin , an altaran sitter for the brown . 
 like many browns , she wore unornamented dresses , this one a nondescript tan . 
 her olive skin was marred by a scar on her left cheek . 
 egwene knew very little about her . 
 of all the sisters in the room , she seemed the least shocked to see egwene . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 seaine said to meidani , aghast . 
 `` adsalan , bring them in here , '' doesine said , rising and gesturing urgently . 
 `` if someone were to walk by and see the al ` vere girl there ... . '' 
 meidani cringed before the stern words-yes , she would require a great deal of work before she had the bearing of an aes sedai again . 
 egwene stepped into the room , moving before the brutish warder could pull her forward . 
 meidani followed , and adsalan closed the door with a thump . 
 the room was lit by a pair of lamps that did n't give quite enough light , as if to complement the conspiratorial nature of the women 's conference . 
 the boxes might as well have been thrones for the way the four sitters occupied them , and so egwene sat herself on one as well . 
 `` you were not given leave to sit , girl , '' saerin said coldly . 
 `` meidani , what is the meaning of this outrage ? 
 your oath was to have prevented this sort of lapse ! '' 
 `` oath ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` and which oath would this be ? '' 
 `` quiet , girl , '' yukiri snapped , slapping egwene across the back with a switch of air . 
 it was such a faint punishment that egwene almost laughed . 
 `` i did n't break my oath ! '' 
 meidani said quickly , stepping up beside egwene . 
 `` you ordered me not to tell anyone of these meetings . 
 well , i have obeyed-i did n't tell her . 
 i showed her . '' 
 there was a spark of defiance in the woman . 
 that was good . 
 egwene was n't certain what was going on in the room , but four sitters together presented her with an unequaled opportunity . 
 she 'd never thought to get a chance to speak with so many at once , and if these were willing to meet together , then perhaps they were free of the fractures undermining the rest of the tower . 
 or was their meeting a hint of something more dark ? 
 oaths egwene did n't know about , meetings away from the upper corridors , a warder guarding the door ... were these women of four ajahs , or of one ? 
 had she unwittingly bumbled her way into the center of a nest of blacks ? 
 heart beginning to race , egwene forced herself not to jump to conclusions . 
 if they were black , then she was caught . 
 if they were not , then she had work to do . 
 `` this is very unexpected , '' calm seaine was saying to meidani . 
 `` we 'll take extra care with the wording of your future orders , meidani . '' 
 yukiri nodded . 
 `` i did n't think that you 'd be so childish as to expose us out of spite . 
 we should have realized that you , like all of us , would have experience pushing and bending oaths to suit your needs . '' 
 wait , egwene thought . 
 that sounds like ... . 
 `` indeed , '' yukiri said . 
 `` i think that penance will be in order for this infraction . 
 but what are we to do with this girl she brought ? 
 she 's not sworn on the rod , and so it would be - '' `` you gave her a. fourth oath , did n't you ? '' 
 egwene interrupted . 
 `` what under the light were you thinking ? '' 
 yukiri glanced at her , and egwene felt another swish of air . 
 `` you were not given leave to speak . '' 
 `` the amyrlin needs no leave to speak , '' egwene said , staring the women down . 
 `` what have you done here , yukiri ? 
 you betray all that we are ! 
 the oaths are not to be used as tools of division . 
 has this entire tower gone as insane as elaida ? '' 
 `` it 's not insanity , '' saerin said suddenly , butting into the conversation . 
 the brown shook her head , more commanding than egwene would have expected for one of her ajah . 
 `` it was only done out of necessity . 
 this one could n't be trusted , not after siding with the rebels . '' 
 `` do not think we 're unaware of your own involvement with that group , egwene al ` vere , '' yukiri said . 
 the haughty gray was barely in control of her anger . 
 `` if we have our way , you will not be treated with such coddling as elaida has shown you . '' 
 egwene gestured indifferently . 
 `` still me , execute me or beat me , yukiri , and the tower will yet be in shambles . 
 the ones you so easily label as rebels are not to blame for that . 
 secret meetings in the basements , oaths administered without warrant-these are crimes at least equal to that of dividing from elaida . '' 
 `` you should not question us , '' seaine said in a quieter voice . 
 she seemed more timid than the others . 
 `` sometimes , difficult decisions must be made . 
 we can not have darkfriends among the aes sedai , and measures have been taken to search them out . 
 we here each proved to meidani that we are not friends of the shadow , and so there can be no harm in making her give an oath to us . 
 it was a reasonable action to make certain we are all working for the same goals . '' 
 egwene kept her face calm . 
 seaine had all but admitted to the existence of the black ajah ! 
 egwene had never expected to hear that from the mouth of a sitter , particularly in front of so many witnesses . 
 so these women were using the oath rod to search out black sisters . 
 if you took each sister , removed her oaths and made her reswear them , you could ask her if she were black . 
 a desperate method , but-egwene decided-a legitimate one , considering the times . 
 `` i concede that it is a reasonable plan , '' egwene said . 
 `` but swearing this woman to a new oath is unnecessary ! '' 
 `` and if the woman is known to have other loyalties ? '' 
 saerin demanded . 
 `` just because a woman is n't a darkfriend does n't mean she wo n't betray us in other ways . '' 
 and that oath of obedience was probably the reason meidani could n't flee the tower . 
 egwene felt a stab of sympathy for the poor woman . 
 sent by the salidar aes sedai to return and spy on the tower , discovered by these women-presumably-during their search for the black , then revealed in her true purpose to elaida . 
 three different factions , all pushing against her . 
 `` it 's still inappropriate , '' egwene said . 
 `` but we can set that aside for now . 
 what of elaida herself ? 
 have you determined if she is of the black ? 
 who gave you this charge , and how did your cabal form ? '' 
 `` bah ! 
 why are we speaking with her ? '' 
 yukiri demanded , standing up and putting her hands on her hips . 
 `` we should be deciding what to do with her , not answering her questions ! '' 
 `` if i am to help in your work , '' egwene said , `` then i need to be aware of the facts . '' 
 `` you are not here to help , child , '' doesine said . 
 the slender cairhienin yellow 's voice was firm . 
 `` obviously , meidani brought you to prove that we do n't have her completely beneath our thumbs . 
 like a child throwing a tantrum . '' 
 `` what of the others ? '' 
 seaine said . 
 `` we need to gather them and make certain that their orders are worded better . 
 we would n't want one of them to go to the amyrlin before we know where her loyalties lie . '' 
 others ? 
 egwene thought . 
 have they sworn all of the spies , then ? 
 it made sense . 
 discover one , and it would be easy to get the names of the others . 
 `` have you found any actual members of the black , then ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 `` you are to remain quiet , child , '' yukiri said , focusing green eyes on egwene . 
 `` one more word , and i shall see you taking penance until you run out of tears to weep . '' 
 `` i doubt you can order me to any more of it than i already have , yukiri , '' egwene said calmly . 
 `` unless i am to be in the mistress of novices ' study all day each day . 
 besides , if you sent me to her , what would i tell her ? 
 that you personally gave me penance ? 
 she 'd know that i was n't scheduled to see you today . 
 that might start raising questions . '' 
 `` we could just have meidani order you to penance , '' said seaine the white . 
 `` she wo n't do such a thing , '' egwene said . 
 `` she accepts my authority as amyrlin . '' 
 the other sisters glanced at meidani . 
 egwene held her breath . 
 meidani managed a nod , though she looked horrified to be defying the others . 
 egwene released a quiet breath of thanks . 
 saerin looked surprised , but curious . 
 yukiri , still standing with her arms folded , was not so easily dissuaded . 
 `` that 's meaningless . 
 we 'll just order her to send you to penance . '' 
 `` will you ? '' 
 egwene said . 
 `` i thought that you told me that the fourth oath was meant to restore unity , to keep her from fleeing to elaida with your secrets . 
 now you would use that oath like a cudgel , forcing her to become your tool ? '' 
 that brought silence to the room . 
 `` this is why an oath of obedience is a terrible idea , '' egwene said . 
 `` no woman should have this much power over another . 
 what you have done to these others is only one step shy of compulsion . 
 i 'm still trying to decide if this abomination is in any way justified ; the way you treat meidani and the others will likely sway that decision . '' 
 `` must i repeat myself ? '' 
 yukiri snapped , turning to the others . 
 `` why are we wasting time clucking with this girl like hens left to the range ? 
 we need to make a decision ! '' 
 `` we 're speaking with her because she seems determined to make herself a nuisance , '' saerin said curtly , regarding egwene . 
 `` sit down , yukiri . 
 i will deal with the child . '' 
 egwene met saerin 's eyes , heart thumping . 
 yukiri sniffed , then seated herself , finally seeming to remember that she was aes sedai as she calmed her expression . 
 this group was under a great deal of pressure . 
 if it became known what they were doing ... . 
 egwene kept her eyes on saerin . 
 she 'd assumed that yukiri was in charge of the group-she and saerin were near in power , and many browns were docile . 
 but that had been a mistake ; it was too easy to prejudge someone based on their ajah . 
 saerin leaned forward , speaking firmly . 
 `` child , we must have your obedience . 
 we can not swear you to the oath rod , and i doubt you 'd make an oath of obedience anyway . 
 but you can not continue this charade of being the amyrlin seat . 
 we all know how often you take penance , and we all know what little good it is doing . 
 so let me try something that i assume nobody else has tried with you : reason . '' 
 `` you may speak your mind , '' egwene said . 
 the brown sniffed in response . 
 `` all right . 
 for one thing , you ca n't be amyrlin . 
 with that forkroot , you can barely channel ! '' 
 `` is the amyrlin seat 's authority , then , in her power to channel ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` is she nothing more than a bully , obeyed because she can force others to do as she demands ? '' 
 `` well , no , '' saerin said . 
 `` then i do n't see why my having been given forkroot has anything to do with my authority . '' 
 `` you 've been demoted to novice . '' 
 `` only elaida is foolish enough to assume one can remove an aes sedai 's rank . '' 
 egwene said . 
 `` she should never have been allowed to assume she had that power in the first place . '' 
 `` if she did n't assume it , '' saerin said , `` then you would be dead , girl . '' 
 egwene met saerin 's eyes again . 
 `` sometimes , i feel it would be better to be dead than to see what elaida has done to the women of this tower . '' 
 that brought silence to the room . 
 `` i must say , '' seaine said quietly , `` your claims are completely irrational . 
 elaida is the amyrlin because she was raised properly by the hall . 
 therefore , you ca n't be amyrlin . '' 
 egwene shook her head . 
 `` she was ` raised ' after a shameful and unorthodox removal of siuan sanche from the seat . 
 how can you call elaida 's position ` proper ' in the face of that ? '' 
 something occurred to her , a gamble , but it felt right . 
 `` tell me this . 
 have you interrogated any women who are currently sitters ? 
 have you found any blacks among them ? '' 
 while saerin 's eyes remained even , seaine glanced away , troubled . 
 there ! 
 egwene thought . 
 `` you have , '' egwene said . 
 `` it makes sense . 
 if i were a member of the black , i 'd try very hard to get one of my fellow darkfriends named as a sitter . 
 from there they can manipulate the tower best . 
 now tell me this . 
 were any of these black sitters among those who raised elaida ? 
 did any of them stand to depose siuan ? '' 
 there was silence . 
 `` answer me , '' egwene said . 
 `` we found a black among the sitters , '' doesine finally said . 
 `` and ... yes , she was one of those who stood to depose siuan sanche . '' 
 her voice was somber . 
 she 'd realized what egwene was getting at . 
 `` siuan was deposed by the bare minimum number of sitter required , '' egwene said . 
 `` one of them was black , making her vote invalid . 
 you stilled and deposed your amyrlin , murdering her warder , and you did it unlawfully . '' 
 `` by the light , '' seaine whispered . 
 `` she 's right . '' 
 `` this is pointless , '' yukiri said , standing again . 
 `` if we begin second-guessing , trying to confirm which amyrlins might have been raised by members of the black , then we 'd have reason to suspect every amyrlin who ever held the seat ! '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` and how many of them were raised by a hall filled by only the exact minimum number of currently sitting members ? 
 this is only one reason why it was a grave mistake to unseat siuan this way . 
 when i was raised , we made certain that every sitter in the city was aware of what was happening . '' 
 `` false sitters , '' yukiri said , pointing . 
 `` given their places unlawfully ! '' 
 egwene turned toward her , glad they could n't hear her nervously pounding heart . 
 she had to remain in control . 
 she had to . 
 `` you call us false , yukiri ? 
 which amyrlin would you rather follow ? 
 the one who has been making novices and accepted out of aes sedai , banishing an entire ajah , and causing divisions in the tower more dangerous than any army that ever assaulted it ? 
 a woman who was raised partially through the help of the black ajah ? 
 or would you rather serve the amyrlin who is trying to undo all of that ? '' 
 `` surely you 're not saying that you think we served the black in raising elaida , '' doesine said . 
 `` i think we all are serving the interests of the shadow , '' egwene said sharply , `` so long as we allow ourselves to remain divided . 
 how do you imagine the black reacted to the near-secret deposing of an amyrlin seat , followed by a division among the aes sedai ? 
 i would not be surprised to find , after some investigation , that this nameless black sister you discovered was not the only darkfriend among the group who worked to unseat the rightful amyrlin . '' 
 this brought another round of silence to the room . 
 saerin settled back and sighed . 
 `` we can not change the past . 
 enlightening though your arguments are , egwene al ` vere , they are ultimately fruitless . '' 
 `` i agree that we can not change what has happened , '' egwene said , nodding to her . 
 `` however , we can look to the future . 
 as admirable as i find your work to discover the black ajah , i am far more encouraged by your willingness to work together to do it . 
 in the current tower , cooperation between the ajahs is rare . 
 i challenge you to take that as your main goal , bringing unity to the white tower . 
 whatever the cost . '' 
 she stood up , and she half-expected a sister to rebuke her , but they almost seemed to have forgotten that they were speaking with a `` novice '' and a rebel . 
 `` meidani , '' egwene said . 
 `` you accept me as amyrlin . '' 
 `` yes , mother , '' the woman said , bowing her head . 
 `` i charge you , then , to continue your work with these women . 
 they are not our enemies and they never were . 
 sending you back as a spy was a mistake , one i wish i 'd been able to stop . 
 now that you are here , however , you can be of use . 
 i regret that you must continue your performance before elaida , but i commend you for your courage in that regard . '' 
 `` i will serve as needed , mother , '' she said , though she looked sick . 
 egwene glanced at the others . 
 `` loyalty is better earned than forced . 
 do you have the oath rod here ? '' 
 `` no , '' yukiri said . 
 `` it 's difficult to sneak away . 
 we can only take it on occasion . '' 
 `` a pity , '' egwene said . 
 `` i 'd have liked to take the oaths . 
 regardless , you will promptly take it and release meidani from the fourth oath . '' 
 `` we 'll consider it , '' saerin said . 
 egwene raised an eyebrow . 
 `` as you wish . 
 but know that once the white tower is whole again , the hall will learn of this action you have taken . 
 i would like to be able to inform them that you were being careful , rather than seeking unwarranted power . 
 if you need me in the next few days , you may send for me-but kindly find a way to deal with the two red sisters who are watching me . 
 i 'd rather not use traveling within the tower again , lest i unwittingly reveal too much to those who would be better left ignorant . '' 
 she left that statement hanging before walking to the door . 
 the warder did n't stop her , though he did watch with those suspicious eyes of his . 
 she wondered whose warder he was-she did n't believe any of the sisters inside the room had warders , though she was n't certain . 
 perhaps he belonged to one of the other spies sent from salidar , and had been drafted by saerin and the others . 
 that would explain his disposition . 
 meidani quickly followed egwene from the room , glancing over her shoulder , as if expecting argument or censure to fly out behind her . 
 the warder simply pulled the door shut . 
 `` i ca n't believe you succeeded , '' the gray said . 
 `` they should have strung you up by your heels and had you howling ! '' 
 `` they are too wise for that , '' egwene said . 
 `` they 're the only ones in this blasted tower-besides maybe silviana-who have anything resembling heads sitting atop their shoulders . '' 
 `` silviana ? '' 
 meidani asked with surprise . 
 `` does n't she beat you every day ? '' 
 `` several times a day , '' egwene said absently . 
 `` she 's very dutiful , not to mention thoughtful . 
 if we had more like her , the tower would n't have gotten to this state in the first place . '' 
 meidani regarded egwene , an odd expression on her face . 
 `` you really are the amyrlin , '' she finally said . 
 it was an odd comment . 
 had n't she just sworn that she accepted egwene 's authority ? 
 `` come on , '' egwene said , hastening her pace . 
 `` i need to get back before those reds grow suspicious . '' 
 chapter 13 an offer and a departure gawyn stood , sword at the ready , facing down two warders . 
 the barn let in slots of light , air sparkling with dust and bits of straw kicked up from the fighting . 
 gawyn backed slowly across the packed dirt floor , passing through patches of light . 
 the air was warm on his skin . 
 trickles of sweat ran down from his temples , but his grip was firm as the two warders advanced on him . 
 the one in front was sleete , a limber , long-armed man with rough-hewn features . 
 in the barn 's uneven light , his face looked like an unfinished work one might find in a sculptor 's workshop , with long shadows across his eyes , his chin divided by a cleft , his nose crooked from being broken and not healed . 
 he wore long hair and black sideburns . 
 hattori had been quite pleased when her warder had finally arrived at dorian ; she 'd lost him at dumai 's wells , and his story was the sort gleemen and bards sang about . 
 sleete had lain wounded for hours before deliriously managing to grab his horse 's reins and pull himself into the saddle . 
 it had loyally carried him , near unconscious , for hours before arriving at a nearby village . 
 the villagers there had been tempted to sell sleete to a local band of bandits-their leader had visited earlier promising them safety as a reward for revealing any refugees from the nearby battle . 
 however , the mayor 's daughter had argued for sleete 's life , convincing them that the bandits must be darkfriends if they were seeking wounded warders . 
 the villagers had chosen to hide sleete instead , and the girl had nursed him to safety . 
 sleete had been forced to sneak away once he was well enough to travel ; the girl had apparently taken quite a liking to him . 
 whispers among the younglings said that sleete s escape had also come because he had begun feeling affection for the girl himself . 
 most warders knew better than to let themselves grow attached . 
 sleete had left in the night , after the girl and her family fell asleep-but in return for the village 's mercy , he 'd hunted down the bandits and seen to it that they would never plague the village again . 
 it was the marrow of stories and legends-at least , among regular , lesser men . 
 for a warder , sleete 's story was almost commonplace . 
 men like him attracted legends as ordinary men attracted fleas . 
 in fact , sleete had n't wanted to share his tale ; it had come out only owing to a vigorous campaign of questions from the younglings . 
 he still acted as if his survival were nothing to brag about . 
 he was a warder . 
 surviving against the odds , riding in delirium over miles of rough terrain , cutting down an entire band of thieves with wounds not fully healed-these were just the sorts of things you did when you were a warder . 
 gawyn respected them . 
 even the ones he had killed . 
 especially the ones he had killed . 
 it took a unique kind of man to show this kind of dedication , this kind of vigilance . 
 this kind of humility . 
 while aes sedai manipulated the world and monsters like al ` thor got the glory , men like sleete quietly did the work of heroes , each and every day . 
 without glory or recognition . 
 if they were remembered , it was usually only by association with their aes sedai . 
 or it was by other warders . 
 you did n't forget your own . 
 sleete attacked , sword lancing forward in a straight thrust delivered for maximum speed . 
 the viper flicks its tongue , a bold strike , made more effective because sleete fought in tandem with the narrow , short man rounding toward gawyn 's left . 
 marlesh was the only other warder in dorian-and his arrival had been far less dramatic than sleete 's . 
 marlesh had been with the original group of eleven aes sedai who had escaped dumai 's wells , and he had stayed with them the entire time . 
 his own aes sedai , a pretty young domani green named vasha , watched idly from the side of the barn . 
 gawyn countered the viper flicks its tongue with cat dances on the wall , knocking aside the strike and going for the legs in one sweep . 
 it was n't intended to hit , however ; it was a defensive move , meant to enable him to keep an eye on both opponents . 
 marlesh tried leopard 's caress , but gawyn moved into folding the air , carefully knocking aside the blow and waiting for another from sleete , who was the more dangerous of the two . 
 sleete repositioned , taking smooth steps , his blade to the side as he set his back to the massive piles of hay at the rear of the stuffy barn . 
 gawyn moved into cat on hot sand as marlesh tried hummingbird kisses the honeyrose . 
 hummingbird was n't the right form to use in such an attack ; it was rarely useful against someone on the defensive , but marlesh was obviously tired of being parried . 
 he was getting eager . 
 gawyn could use that . 
 and would . 
 sleete was advancing again . 
 gawyn brought his sword back in to guard as the warders approached in tandem . 
 gawyn immediately moved into apple blossoms in the wind . 
 his blade flashed three times , pushing a wide-eyed marlesh back . 
 marlesh cursed , throwing himself forward , but gawyn brought his sword up from the previous form and moved flu-idly into shake dew from the branch . 
 he stepped forward into a series of six sharp blows , three at each opponent , knocking marlesh back and to the ground-the man had stepped back into the fight too quickly-and forcing sleete 's blade aside twice , then ending with his blade against the man 's neck . 
 the two warders looked at gawyn , shocked . 
 they had borne similar expressions the last time gawyn had defeated them , and the time before that . 
 sleete carried a heron-mark blade and was near-legendary in the white tower for his prowess . 
 he was said to have bested even lan man-dragoran twice out of seven bouts , back when mandragoran had been known to spar with other warders . 
 marlesh was n't as renowned as his companion , but he was still a fully capable and trained warder , no easy foe . 
 but gawyn had won . 
 again . 
 things seemed so simple when he was sparring . 
 the world contracted down-compressed like berries squeezed for their juice-into something smaller and easier to see from up close . 
 all gawyn had ever wanted was to protect elayne . 
 he wanted to defend andor . 
 maybe learn to be a little more like galad . 
 why could n't life be as simple as a sword match ? 
 opponents clear and arranged before you . 
 the prize obvious : survival . 
 when men fought , they connected . 
 you became brothers as you traded blows . 
 gawyn removed his blade and stepped away , sheathing it . 
 he offered a hand to marlesh , who took it , shaking his head as he stood . 
 `` you are remarkable , gawyn trakand . 
 like a creature of light , color and shadow when you move . 
 i feel like a babe holding a stick when i face you . '' 
 sleete said nothing as he sheathed his own sword , but he did nod his head to gawyn in respect-just as he had the last two times they 'd fought . 
 he was a man of few words . 
 gawyn appreciated that . 
 in the corner of the barn there was a half-barrel filled with water , and the men walked to it . 
 corbet , one of the younglings , hurriedly dipped a ladleful and handed it to gawyn . 
 gawyn gave it to sleete . 
 the older man nodded again and took a drink while marlesh took a cup off the dusty windowsill and got himself a drink . 
 `` i 'm saying , trakand , '' the short man continued , `` we 'll need to find you a blade with some herons on it . 
 no one should have to face you without knowing what they 're getting into ! '' 
 `` i 'm not a blademaster , '' gawyn said quietly , taking the ladle back from crook-nosed sleete and having a drink . 
 it was warm , which felt good . 
 less of a shock , more natural . 
 `` you killed hammar , did n't you ? '' 
 marlesh asked . 
 gawyn hesitated . 
 the simplicity he 'd felt before , while fighting , was already crumbling . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` well , then you 're a blademaster , '' marlesh said . 
 `` should have taken his sword when he fell . '' 
 `` it was n't respectful , '' gawyn said . 
 `` besides , i did n't have time to claim prizes . '' 
 marlesh laughed , as if at a joke , though gawyn had n't intended one . 
 he glanced over at sleete , who was watching him with curious eyes . 
 a rustle of skirts announced the approach of vasha . 
 the green had long black hair and striking green eyes that at times seemed almost catlike . 
 `` are you done playing , marlesh ? '' 
 she asked with a faintly domani accent . 
 marlesh chuckled . 
 `` you should be happy to see me play , vasha . 
 i seem to recall my ` playing ' saving your neck a couple of times on the battlefield . '' 
 she sniffed and raised an eyebrow . 
 gawyn had rarely seen an aes sedai and warder with as casual a relationship as these two . 
 `` come , '' she said , turning on her heel and walking toward the open barn doors . 
 `` i want to see what has been keeping narenwin and the others so long indoors . 
 it smells of decisions being made . '' 
 marlesh shrugged and tossed the cup to corbet . 
 `` whatever they 're deciding , i hope it involves moving . 
 i do n't like sitting around in this city with those soldiers creeping up on us . 
 if it gets any more tense in camp , i 'm likely to run off and join the tinkers . '' 
 gawyn nodded at that comment . 
 it had been weeks since he 'd last dared send the younglings to raid . 
 bryne 's search parties were getting closer and closer to the city , and that allowed fewer and fewer rides out across the countryside . 
 vasha passed out the doors , but gawyn could still hear her say , `` you can sound like such a child at times . '' 
 marlesh just shrugged , waving farewell to gawyn and sleete before stepping out of the barn . 
 gawyn shook his head , refilling the ladle and taking another drink . 
 `` those two remind me of nothing so much as a brother and sister at times . '' 
 sleete smiled . 
 gawyn replaced the ladle , nodded to corbet , then moved to leave . 
 he wanted to check on the younglings ' evening meal and make certain it was being distributed properly . 
 some of the youths had taken to sparring and practicing when they should have been eating . 
 as he left , however , sleete reached out and took his arm . 
 gawyn looked back in surprise . 
 `` hattori only has one warder , '' the man said in his gravelly , soft voice . 
 gawyn nodded . 
 `` that 's not unheard-of for a green . '' 
 `` it is n't because she is n't open to having more , '' sleete said . 
 `` years ago , when she bonded me , she said that she would only take another if i judged him worthy . 
 she asked me to search . 
 she does n't think much on these kinds of things . 
 too busy with other matters . '' 
 all right , gawyn thought , wondering why he was being told this . 
 sleete turned , meeting gawyn 's eyes . 
 `` it 's been over ten years , but i 've found someone worthy . 
 she will bond you this hour , if you wish it . '' 
 gawyn blinked in surprise at sleete . 
 the lanky man was shrouded once more in his color-shifting cloak , wearing nondescript brown and green beneath . 
 others complained that because of his long hair and sideburns , sleete looked more scruffy than a warder should . 
 but `` scruffy '' was the wrong term for this man . 
 rough , perhaps , but natural . 
 like uncut stones or a gnarled-yet sturdy-oak . 
 `` i 'm honored , sleete , '' gawyn said . 
 `` but i came to the white tower to study because of andoran traditions , not because i was going to be a warder . 
 my place is beside my sister . '' 
 and if anyone is going to bond me , it will be egwene . 
 `` you came for those reasons , '' sleete said , `` but those reasons have passed . 
 you 've fought in our war , you 've killed warders and defended the tower . 
 you are one of us . 
 you belong with us . '' 
 gawyn hesitated . 
 `` you search , '' sleete said . 
 `` like a hawk , glancing this way and that , trying to decide whether to perch or to hunt . 
 you 'll tire of flying eventually . 
 join us , and become one of us . 
 you 'll find that hattori is a good aes sedai . 
 wiser than most , far less prone to squabbles or foolishness than many in the tower . '' 
 `` i ca n't , sleete , '' gawyn said , shaking his head . 
 `` andor . 
 ... '' `` hattori is not regarded as influential by the white tower , '' sleete said . 
 `` the others rarely care what she does . 
 to have you , she 'd see herself assigned to andor . 
 you could have both , gawyn trakand . 
 think on it . '' 
 gawyn hesitated again , then nodded . 
 `` very well . 
 i 'll think on it . '' 
 sleete released his arm . 
 `` as much as a man can ask . '' 
 gawyn moved to leave , but then stopped , looking back toward sleete in the dusty barn . 
 then gawyn gestured toward corbet and gestured with a curt sign . 
 leave and watch , it meant . 
 the youngling nodded eagerly-he was one of the youngest among them , always looking for something to do to prove himself . 
 he 'd watch the doors and give warning if anyone approached . 
 sleete watched with curiosity as corbet positioned himself , hand on his sword . 
 gawyn then stepped forward and spoke more quietly , too soft for corbet to hear . 
 `` what do you think of what happened in the tower , sleete ? '' 
 the rough man frowned , then stepped back and leaned against the inside barn wall . 
 with a glance during the casual move , sleete checked out the window to make certain nobody was listening from that side . 
 `` it 's bad , '' sleet finally said , tone hushed . 
 `` warder should n't fight warder . 
 aes sedai should n't fight aes sedai . 
 should never happen . 
 not now . 
 not ever . '' 
 `` but it did , '' gawyn said . 
 sleete nodded . 
 `` and now we 've got two different groups of aes sedai , '' gawyn continued , `` with two different armies , one besieging the other . '' 
 `` just keep your head down , '' sleete said . 
 `` there are hot tempers in the tower , but there are wise minds as well . 
 they 'll do the right thing . '' 
 `` which is ? '' 
 `` end it , '' sleete said . 
 `` with killing if necessary , other ways if possible . 
 nothing is worth this division . 
 nothing . '' 
 gawyn nodded . 
 sleete shook his head . 
 `` my aes sedai , she did n't like the feel of things in the tower . 
 wanted to get out . 
 she 's wise ... wise and crafty . 
 but she 's also not influential , so the others do n't listen to her . 
 aes sedai . 
 sometimes , all they seem to care about is who carries the biggest stick . '' 
 gawyn leaned closer . 
 one rarely heard talk about aes sedai ranking and influence . 
 they did n't have ranks , like the military , but they all instinctively knew who among them was in charge . 
 how did it work ? 
 sleete seemed to have some idea , but he did n't talk further on it , so it would have to remain a mystery for now . 
 `` hattori got out , '' sleete continued softly . 
 `` went on this mission to al ` thor , never knowing the depth of what it was about . 
 she just did n't want to be in the tower . 
 wise woman . '' 
 he sighed , standing upright and laying a hand on gawyn 's shoulder . 
 `` hammar was a good man . '' 
 `` he was , '' gawyn said , feeling a twist in his stomach . 
 `` but he would have killed you , '' sleete said . 
 `` killed you cleanly and quickly . 
 he was the one on the offensive , not you . 
 he understood why you did what you did . 
 nobody made any good decisions that day . 
 there were n't any good decisions to be made . '' 
 `` i ... '' gawyn just nodded . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 sleete removed his hand and walked toward the entrance . 
 he glanced back , however . 
 `` some say that hattori should have gone back for me , '' he said . 
 `` those younglings of yours , they think she abandoned me at dumai 's wells . 
 she did n't . 
 she knew i lived . 
 she knew i hurt . 
 but she also trusted me to do my duty while she did hers . 
 she needed to get news to the greens of what had happened at dumai 's wells , of what the amyrlin 's true orders with al ` thor had entailed . 
 / needed to survive . 
 we did our duty . 
 but once that message had been sent , if she had n't felt me approaching on my own , she would have come for me . 
 no matter what . 
 and we both know it . '' 
 with that , he left . 
 gawyn was left thinking on the curious parting words . 
 sleete was often an odd one to talk to . 
 as fluid as he was as a swordsman , he did n't make conversation smoothly . 
 gawyn shook his head , leaving the barn and waving corbet free of watch duty . 
 there was no possibility of gawyn agreeing to become hat-tori 's warder . 
 the offer had been tempting for a heartbeat , but only as a way of escaping his problems . 
 he knew that he would not be happy as her warder , or anyone 's warder save egwene 's . 
 he 'd promised egwene anything . 
 anything , as long as it did n't hurt andor or elayne . 
 light , he 'd promised her not to kill al ` thor . 
 at least , not until after gawyn could prove for certain that the dragon had killed his mother . 
 why could n't egwene see that the man she 'd grown up with had turned into a monster , twisted by the one power ? 
 al ` thor needed to be put down . 
 for the good of them all . 
 gawyn clenched and unclenched his fist , stalking across the village center , wishing he could extend the peace and stillness of sword fighting to the rest of his life . 
 the air was pungent with the scent of cows and dung from the barns ; he would be glad to get back to a proper city . 
 dorian 's size and remoteness might make it a good place to hide , but gawyn strongly wished that elaida had chosen a less odorous place to house the younglings . 
 his clothing seemed likely to carry the scent of cattle for the rest of his days-assuming the rebel army did n't discover and slaughter them all in the next few weeks . 
 gawyn shook his head as he approached the mayor 's house . 
 the two-story building had a peaked roof and sat at the very center of the village . 
 the main body of the younglings was camped in the small field out behind the building . 
 once , that patch had grown blackberries , but the too-hot summer followed by the blizzard of a winter had killed the bushes . 
 they were one of many casualties that were going to lead to an even harsher winter this year . 
 the field was n't the best place to camp-the men were constantly grumping about picking blackberry thorns out of their skin-but it was close to the center of the village while yet somewhat secluded . 
 a few thorns were worth the convenience . 
 to reach the field , gawyn had to cut across the unpaved village square and pass by the canal that ran past the front of the mayor 's house . 
 he nodded to a group of women washing clothes there . 
 the aes sedai had recruited them to do the wash for the sisters and for gawyn 's officers . 
 the pay was small for so much work , and gawyn gave the women what little extra he could afford out of his own pocket , a gesture that had earned him laughter from narenwin sedai , but thanks from the village women . 
 gawyn 's mother had always taught that the workers were the spine of a kingdom ; break them , and you 'd soon find that you could no longer move . 
 this city 's people might not be his sister 's subjects , but he would not see them taken advantage of by his troops . 
 he passed the mayor 's home , noting the closed shutters on the windows . 
 marlesh lounged outside , his petite aes sedai standing with hands on her h * ps and scowling at the door . 
 apparently , she had been refused entry . 
 why ? 
 vasha did n't have a great deal of rank among the aes sedai , but she also was n't as low as hattori . 
 if vasha had been denied entrance ... well , perhaps there were important words being shared inside the building . 
 that made gawyn curious . 
 his men would have ignored it-rajar would have told him that aes sedai business was best left to their conferences , without unwanted ears flapping to make a mess of things . 
 that was one reason that gawyn would n't make a good warder . 
 he did n't trust aes sedai . 
 his mother had , and look where that had gotten her . 
 and how the white tower had treated elayne and egwene ... well , he might support the aes sedai , but he certainly did n't trust them . 
 he rounded the back of the building , going about a perfectly legitimate inspection of the guards . 
 most of the aes sedai in the village did n't have warders-either they were reds or they had left their warders behind . 
 some few were old enough to have lost warders to age and never chosen new ones . 
 two unfortunate women had lost their warders at du-mai 's wells . 
 gawyn and the others did their best to pretend they did n't notice the red eyes or occasional sobs coming from their rooms . 
 the aes sedai , of course , claimed that they did n't need the youngling guards as protection . 
 they were probably right . 
 but gawyn had seen dead aes sedai at dumai 's wells ; they were n't invincible . 
 at the back doors , hal moir saluted and let gawyn enter to continue his inspection . 
 gawyn strode up a short , straight set of stairs and entered the upper hallway . 
 there , he relieved berden , the dark-skinned tairen youngling who was on watch . 
 berden was an officer , and gawyn told him to go check on the food distribution in the camp . 
 the man nodded , then left . 
 gawyn hesitated in front of narenwin sedai 's room . 
 if he wanted to hear what was going on between the aes sedai , the obvious thing to do would be to eavesdrop . 
 berden had been the only guard on the second floor , and there were no warders to protect against unwanted ears . 
 but the thought of listening in left a sour taste in gawyn 's mouth . 
 he should n't have to eavesdrop . 
 he was the commander of the younglings , and the aes sedai were taking good advantage of his troops . 
 they owed him information . 
 therefore , rather than trying to listen , he gave a firm knock on the door . 
 the knock was met by silence . 
 then the door cracked to show a sliver of covarla 's frowning face . 
 the light-haired red had been in charge of the sisters in the city before being displaced , but she was still one of the more important women in dorian . 
 `` we were not to be interrupted , '' she snapped through the sliver of open doorway . 
 `` your soldiers had orders to keep everyone out , even other sisters . '' 
 `` those rules do n't apply to me , '' gawyn said , meeting her eyes . 
 `` my men are in serious danger in this city . 
 if you wo n't let me be part of the planning , then i demand at least to be able to listen . '' 
 covarla 's impassive face seemed to show annoyance . 
 `` your impudence seems to grow by the day , child , '' she said . 
 `` perhaps you need to be removed and a more suitable replacement raised to captain that group . '' 
 gawyn clenched his jaw . 
 `` you think they would n't set you aside if a sister asked it of them ? '' 
 covarla asked , smiling faintly . 
 `` a sorry excuse for an army they may be , but they know their place . 
 a pity the same can not be said for their commander . 
 go back to your men , gawyn trakand . '' 
 with that , she shut the door on him . 
 gawyn itched to force his way into the room . 
 but that would be satisfying for all of about two breaths , which was how long it would take the aes sedai to truss him up with the power . 
 how would that be for the younglings ' morale ? 
 seeing their commander , the brave gawyn trakand , cast out of the building with a gag of air in his mouth ? 
 he ignored his frustration , turning back down the stairs . 
 he went into the kitchen and leaned against the far wall , staring at the steps to the second floor . 
 now that he 'd relieved berden , he felt he needed to remain on watch himself or send a runner to fetch another man . 
 he wanted to think for a few moments first ; if their conference above took long , he 'd appoint a replacement . 
 aes sedai . 
 sensible men stayed away from them when possible , and obeyed them with alacrity when staying away was impossible . 
 gawyn had trouble doing either ; his bloodline prevented staying away , his pride interfered with obeying them . 
 he had supported elaida in the rebellion not because he liked her-she 'd always been cold during her years acting as his mother 's advisor . 
 no , he 'd supported her because he 'd disliked siuan 's treatment of his sister and egwene . 
 but would elaida have treated the girls any better ? 
 would any of them have ? 
 gawyn had made his decision in a moment of passion ; it had n't been the coolheaded act of loyalty that his men assumed . 
 where was his loyalty , then ? 
 a few minutes later , footsteps on the stairs and faint voices from the hallway above announced that the aes sedai had finished their secret conference . 
 covarla came down the stairs in red and yellow , saying something to the sisters behind her . '' 
 ... ca n't believe the rebels set up their own amyrlin . '' 
 narenwin-thin and square-faced-came next , nodding . 
 then , shockingly , katerine alruddin walked out of the stairwell behind them . 
 gawyn stood up straight , stunned . 
 katerine had left the camp weeks before , the day after narenwin 's arrival . 
 the raven-haired red had not been part of the original group that was ordered to dorian , and had used that as an excuse to return to the white tower . 
 when had she come back to dorian ? 
 how had she come back ? 
 his men would have reported to gawyn if they 'd seen her . 
 he doubted the watchposts could have missed her arrival . 
 she eyed gawyn as the three aes sedai passed through the kitchen , smiling slyly . 
 she 'd noticed his shock . 
 `` yes , '' katerine said , turning to covarla . 
 `` imagine it-an amyrlin without an actual seat to sit upon ! 
 they 're a group of foolish girls creating a child 's puppet show with dolls dressed up like their betters . 
 of course they would pick a wilder to do the duty , and a mere accepted at that . 
 they knew how pathetic the decision was . '' 
 `` but at least she was captured , '' narenwin noted , pausing at the doorway as covarla passed through . 
 katerine laughed sharply . 
 `` captured and made to howl half the day . 
 i would n't want to be that al ` vere girl right now . 
 of course , it 's no less than she deserves for letting them put the amyrlin 's shawl on her shoulders . '' 
 what ? 
 gawyn thought with shock . 
 the three passed out of the kitchen , voices fading . 
 gawyn barely noticed . 
 he staggered back , hitting the wall for support . 
 it could n't be ! 
 it sounded like ... egwene ... he had to have misheard ! 
 but aes sedai could n't lie . 
 he 'd heard rumors that the rebels had their own hall and amyrlin ... but egwene ? 
 it was ridiculous ! 
 she was only accepted ! 
 but who better to set up for a potential fall ? 
 perhaps none of the sisters had been willing to put their necks on the line by taking the title . 
 a younger woman like egwene would have made a perfect pawn . 
 pulling himself together , gawyn hurried out of the kitchen and after the aes sedai . 
 he passed into the late afternoon to find vasha standing , mouth drooping , as she stared at katerine . 
 apparently , gawyn was n't the only one shocked by the red 's sudden return . 
 gawyn caught tando , one of the youngling guards at the front of the building , by the arm . 
 `` did you see her enter the building ? '' 
 the young andoran shook his head . 
 `` no , my lord . 
 one of the men inside reported seeing her meet with the other aes sedai-she came down out of the attic suddenly , it seems . 
 but none of the guards knows how she got in ! '' 
 gawyn released the soldier and dashed after katerine . 
 he caught up to the three women in the middle of the dusty town square . 
 all three turned ageless faces toward him , wearing identical thin-mouthed frowns . 
 covarla 's eyes were particular harsh , but gawyn did n't care if they took the younglings from him or if they tied him up in air . 
 humiliation did n't matter . 
 only one thing mattered . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 then , cringing , he forced respect into his voice . 
 `` please , katerine sedai . 
 is it true what i overheard you saying about the rebels and their amyrlin ? '' 
 she eyed him , measuring him . 
 `` i suppose it would be good to pass this news among your soldiers . 
 yes , the rebel amyrlin has been captured . '' 
 `` and her name ? '' 
 gawyn asked . 
 `` egwene al ` vere , '' katerine said . 
 `` let the rumors spread truth , for once . '' 
 she nodded to him with dismissive curtness , then began walking with the other two again . 
 `` put what i have taught you to good use . 
 the amyrlin insists that the raids be stepped up , and these weaves should lend you unprecedented mobility . 
 do n't be surprised if the rebels anticipate you , however . 
 they know that we have their so-called amyrlin , and have probably guessed that we have the new weaves as well . 
 it wo n't be long before traveling is had by all . 
 use the edge you 've been given before it dulls . '' 
 gawyn was barely listening . 
 a piece of his mind was shocked . 
 traveling ? 
 a thing of legends . 
 was that how gareth bryne was keeping his army supplied ? 
 however , the greater part of gawyn 's brain was still numb . 
 siuan sanche had been stilled and slated for execution , and she had simply been a deposed amyrlin . 
 what would they do with a false amyrlin , a leader of a rebel faction ? 
 made to howl half the day . . 
 , . 
 egwene was being tortured . 
 she would be stilled ! 
 she probably had been already . 
 after that , she would be executed . 
 gawyn watched the three aes sedai walk away . 
 then he turned slowly , strangely calm , laying his hand on the pommel of his sword . 
 egwene was in trouble . 
 he blinked deliberately , standing in the square , cattle calling distantly , water bubbling in the canal beside him . 
 egwene would be executed . 
 where is your loyalty , gawyn trakand ? 
 he crossed the village , walking with a strangely sure step . 
 the younglings would be unreliable in an action against the white tower . 
 he could n't use them to mount a rescue . 
 but he was unlikely to be able to manage one on his own . 
 that left him with only one option . 
 ten minutes later found him in his tent , carefully packing his saddlebags . 
 most of his things would have to stay . 
 there were far scout outposts , and he had visited them before in surprise inspections . 
 that would make a good excuse for him to leave the camp . 
 he could n't arouse suspicions . 
 covarla was right . 
 the younglings followed him . 
 they respected him . 
 but they were not his-they belonged to the white tower , and would turn on him as quickly as he had turned on hammar if it were the will of the amyrlin . 
 if any of them got a hint of what he was planning , he would n't manage to get a hundred yards away . 
 he closed and latched his saddlebags . 
 that would have to do . 
 he pushed his way out of the tent , slinging the bags over his shoulder , then made his way toward the horse lines . 
 as he walked , he flagged down ra-jar , who was showing a squad of soldiers some advanced swordplay techniques . 
 rajar set another man in charge , then hurried over to gawyn , frowning at the saddlebags . 
 `` i 'm going to inspect the fourth outpost , '' gawyn said . 
 rajar glanced at the sky ; it was already dimming . 
 `` so late ? '' 
 `` last time i inspected in the morning , '' gawyn said . 
 odd , how his heart was n't racing . 
 calm and even . 
 `` time before that , it was the afternoon . 
 but the most dangerous time to be surprised is evening , when it 's still light enough for an attack but late enough that men are tired and full of supper . '' 
 rajar nodded , joining gawyn as he walked . 
 `` light knows we need them for watchful scouts now , '' he agreed . 
 bryne 's own scouts had been investigating villages not half a day 's ride from dorian . 
 `` i 'll get you an escort . '' 
 `` not needed , '' gawyn said . 
 `` last time , outpost four saw me coming from a good half a mile . 
 a squad raises too much dust . 
 i want to see how keen their eyes are when it 's just one rider . '' 
 rajar frowned again . 
 `` i 'll be safe , '' gawyn said , forcing out a wry smile . 
 `` rajar , you know i will be . 
 what ? 
 are you afraid i 'll be taken by bandits ? '' 
 rajar relaxed , chuckling . 
 `` you ? 
 they 'd sooner catch sleete . 
 all right , then . 
 but make certain to send a messenger for me when you get back into camp . 
 i 'll stay up half the night worrying if you do n't return . '' 
 sorry to cost you the sleep then , my friend , gawyn thought , nodding . 
 rajar ran back to supervise the sparring , and gawyn soon found himself just outside the camp , undoing challenge 's hobble as a village boy - doubling as a stablehand-fetched his saddle . 
 `` you have the look of a man who has made up his mind , '' a quiet voice said suddenly . 
 gawyn spun , hand falling to his sword . 
 one of the shadows nearby was moving . 
 looking closely , he was able to make out the form of a shadowed man with a crooked nose . 
 curse those warder cloaks ! 
 gawyn tried to feign casualness as he had with rajar . 
 `` happy to have something to do , i suppose , '' he said , turning from sleete as the stableboy approached . 
 gawyn tossed him a copper and took the saddle himself , dismissing the boy . 
 sleete continued to watch from the shadow of a massive pine as gawyn put the saddle on challenge 's back . 
 the warder knew . 
 gawyn 's act had fooled everyone else , but he could sense that it would n't work on this man . 
 light ! 
 was he going to have to kill another man he respected ? 
 burn you , elaida ! 
 burn you , siuan sanche , and your entire tower . 
 stop using people . 
 stop using me ! 
 `` when shall i tell your men that you are n't returning ? '' 
 sleete asked . 
 gawyn pulled the saddle straps tight and waited for his horse to exhale . 
 he looked over challenge , frowning . 
 `` you do n't plan to stop me ? '' 
 sleete chuckled . 
 `` i fought you thrice today and did n't win a single bout , although i had a good man to lend me aid . 
 you have the look about you of a man who will kill if needed , and i do n't thirst for death so eagerly as some might assume . '' 
 `` you 'd fight me , '' gawyn said , finally doing up the saddle and lifting the bags into place , tying them on . 
 challenge snorted . 
 the horse never did like carrying extra weight . 
 `` you 'd die if you thought it was necessary . 
 if you attacked , even if i killed you , it would raise a ruckus . 
 i 'd never be able to explain why i 'd killed a warder . 
 you could stop me . '' 
 `` true , '' sleete said . 
 `` then why let me go ? '' 
 gawyn said , rounding the gelding and taking the reins . 
 he met those shadowed eyes and thought he caught the faintest hint of a smile on the lips beneath them . 
 `` perhaps i just like to see men care , '' sleete said . 
 `` perhaps i hope you 'll find a way to help end this . 
 perhaps i am feeling lazy and sore with a bruised spirit from so many defeats . 
 may you find what you seek , young trakand . '' 
 and with a rustle of the cloak , sleete withdrew , fading into the darkness of oncoming night . 
 gawyn slung himself into his saddle . 
 there was only one place he could think to go for help in rescuing egwene . 
 with a kick of the heels , he left dorian behind . 
 chapter 14 a box opens o this is one of the shadowsouled , '' sorilea said . 
 the white-haired wise one circled around the prisoner , looking thoughtfully at semirhage . 
 of course , cadsuane had not expected fear from one such as sorilea . 
 the aiel woman was a rugged creature , like a statue that had weathered storm after storm , patient before the winds . 
 among the aiel , this wise one was a particular specimen of strength . 
 she had arrived at the manor house only recently , coming with those who had brought al ` thor a report from bandar eban . 
 cadsuane had anticipated finding many things among the aiel who followed rand al ` thor : fierce warriors , strange ways , honor and loyalty , inexperience with subtlety and politics . 
 she had been right . 
 one thing she had certainly not expected to find , however , was an equal . 
 certainly not in a wise one who could barely channel . 
 and yet , oddly , that was how she regarded the leathery-faced aiel woman . 
 not that she trusted sorilea . 
 the wise one had her own goals , and they might not completely coincide with cadsuane 's . 
 however , she did find sorilea capable , and there were blessed few people in the world these days who deserved that word . 
 semirhage flinched suddenly , and sorilea cocked her head . 
 the forsaken was not floating this time ; she stood upright , wearing the stiff brown dress , her short , dark hair tangled from lack of brushing . 
 she still projected superiority and control . 
 just as cadsuane herself would have in a similar situation . 
 `` what are these weaves ? '' 
 sorilea asked , gesturing . 
 the weaves in question were the source of semirhage 's occasional flinching . 
 `` a personal trick of mine , '' cadsuane said , undoing the weaves and remaking them to show how they were done . 
 `` they ring a sound in your subjects ' ears every few minutes and flash a light in their eyes , keeping them from sleep . '' 
 `` you hope to make her so fatigued that she will talk , '' sorilea said , studying the forsaken again . 
 semirhage was warded to keep her from hearing them , of course . 
 despite two days without decent sleep , the woman wore a serene expression , eyes open but blocked by glowing lights . 
 she had likely mastered some kind of mental trick to help her stave off exhaustion . 
 `` i doubt it will break her , '' cadsuane admitted . 
 `` phaw ! 
 it barely even makes her flinch . '' 
 she , sorilea and bair-an aged wise one with no channeling ability-were the only ones in the room . 
 the aes sedai maintaining semirhage 's shield sat in their places outside . 
 sorilea nodded . 
 `` one of the shadowsouled will not be manipulated so easily . 
 still , you are wise to try , considering your ... limitations . '' 
 `` we could speak to the car ` a ` cam '' bair said . 
 `` convince him to turn this one over to us for a time . 
 a few days of ... delicate aiel questioning and she would speak whatever you wish . '' 
 cadsuane smiled noncommittally . 
 as if she would let another handle the questioning ! 
 this woman 's secrets were too valuable to risk , even in the hands of allies . 
 `` well , you are welcome to ask , '' she said , `` but i doubt al ` thor will listen . 
 you know how the fool boy can be when it comes to hurting women . '' 
 bair sighed . 
 it was odd to think of this grandmotherly lady engaging in `` delicate aiel questioning . '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` you are right , i suspect . 
 rand al ` thor is twice as stubborn as any clan chief i 've known . 
 and twice as arrogant too . 
 to presume that women can not bear pain as well as men ! '' 
 cadsuane snorted at that . 
 `` to be honest , i considered having this one strung up and whipped , al ` thor 's prohibitions be blackened ! 
 but i do n't think it would work . 
 phaw ! 
 we 'll need to find something other than pain to break this one . '' 
 sorilea was still regarding semirhage . 
 `` i would speak with her . '' 
 cadsuane made a motion , dismissing the weaves that kept semirhage from hearing , seeing or speaking . 
 the woman blinked-just once-to clear her vision , then turned to sorilea and bair . 
 `` ah , '' she said . 
 `` aiel . 
 you were such good servants , once . 
 tell me , how strongly does it bite , knowing how you betrayed your oaths ? 
 your ancestors would cry for punishment if they knew how many deaths lay at the hands of their descendants . '' 
 sorilea gave no reaction . 
 cadsuane knew some tidbits of what al ` thor had revealed about the aiel , things that had been said at second or third hand . 
 al ` thor claimed that the aiel had once followed the way of the leaf , sworn not to do harm , before betraying their oaths . 
 cadsuane had been interested to learn of these rumors , and she was more interested to hear semirhage corroborating them . 
 `` she seems so much more human than i had anticipated , '' sorilea said to bair . 
 `` her expressions , her tone , her accent , while strange , are easy to understand . 
 i had not expected that . '' 
 semirhage 's eyes narrowed for just a moment at that comment . 
 odd . 
 that was a stronger reaction than virtually any of the punishments had produced . 
 the flashes of light and sound prompted only slight involuntary twitches . 
 this comment of sorilea 's , however , seemed to affect semirhage on an emotional level . 
 would the wise ones actually succeed so easily where cadsuane had long failed ? 
 `` i think this is what we need to remember , '' bair said . 
 `` a woman is just a woman , no matter how old , no matter what secrets she remembers . 
 flesh can be cut , blood can be spilled , bones can be broken . '' 
 `` in truth , i feel almost disappointed , cadsuane melaidhrin , '' sorilea said , shaking a white-haired head . 
 `` this monster has very small fangs . '' 
 semirhage reacted no further . 
 her control was back , her face serene , her eyes imperious . 
 `` i have heard some little of you new , oathless aiel and your interpretations of honor . 
 i will very much enjoy investigating how much pain and suffering it will require before members of your clans will shame themselves . 
 tell me , how far do you think i would have to push before one of you would kill a blacksmith and dine on his flesh ? '' 
 she knew more than `` some little '' if she understood the near-sacred nature of blacksmiths among the aiel . 
 sorilea stiffened at the comment , but let it go . 
 she rewove the ward against listening , then paused , and placed the globes of light in front of semirhage 's eyes as well . 
 yes , she was weak in the power , but she was a very quick learner . 
 `` is it wise to keep her like this ? '' 
 sorilea asked , her tone implying that of any other she would have made a demand . 
 for cadsuane , she softened her words , and it almost brought a smile to cadsuane 's lips . 
 they were like two aged hawks , sorilea and she , accustomed to roosting and reigning , now forced to nest in neighboring trees . 
 deference did not come easily to either one of them . 
 `` if i were to choose , '' sorilea continued , `` i think that i would have her throat slit and her corpse laid out on the dust to dry . 
 keeping her alive is like keeping a snapwood blacklance as a pet . '' 
 `` phaw ! '' 
 cadsuane said , grimacing . 
 `` you 're right about the danger , but killing her now would be worse . 
 al ` thor cannot-or will not-give me an accurate count of the number of forsaken he has slain , but he implies that at least half of them still live . 
 they 'll be there to fight at the last battle , and each weave we learn from semirhage is one fewer they can use to surprise us . '' 
 sorilea did not seem convinced , but she pressed the issue no further . 
 `` and the item ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` may i see it ? '' 
 cadsuane almost snapped a no . 
 but ... sorilea had taught cadsuane traveling , an incredibly powerful tool . 
 that had been an offering , a hand extended . 
 cadsuane needed to work with these women , sorilea most of all . 
 al ` thor was a bigger project than one woman could handle . 
 `` come with me , '' cadsuane said , leaving the wooden room . 
 the wise ones followed . 
 outside , cadsuane instructed the sisters-daigian and sarene-to make certain that semirhage was kept awake , eyes open . 
 it was unlikely to work , but it was the best strategy cadsuane had at the moment . 
 though ... she did also have semirhage 's momentary look , that hint of anger , displayed at sorilea 's comment . 
 when you could control a person 's anger , you could control their other emotions as well . 
 that was why she had focused so hard on teaching al ` thor to rein in his temper . 
 control and anger . 
 what was it that sorilea had said to get the reaction ? 
 that semirhage seemed disappointingly human . 
 it was as if sorilea had come expecting one of the forsaken to be as twisted as a myrddraal or draghkar . 
 and why not ? 
 the forsaken had been figures of legend for three thousand years , looming shadows of darkness and mystery . 
 it could be disappointing to discover that they were , in many ways , the most human of the dark one 's followers : petty , destructive and argumentative . 
 at least , that was how al ` thor claimed they acted . 
 he was so strangely familiar with them . 
 semirhage saw herself as more than human , though . 
 that poise , that control of her surroundings , was a source of strength for her . 
 cadsuane shook her head . 
 too many problems and far too little time . 
 the wooden hallway itself was another reminder of the al ` thor boy 's foolishness ; cadsuane could still smell smoke , strong enough to be unpleasant . 
 the gaping hole in the front of the manor-draped only with a cloth-let in chill air during the spring nights . 
 they should have moved , but he claimed that he would not be chased away . 
 al ` thor seemed almost eager for the last battle . 
 or perhaps just resigned . 
 to get there he felt he had to force his way through the petty squabbles of people like a midnight traveler pushing through banks of snow to arrive at the inn . 
 the problem was , al ` thor was n't ready for the last battle . 
 cadsuane could feel it in the way he spoke , the way he acted . 
 the way he regarded the world with that dark , nearly dazed expression . 
 if the man he was now faced the dark one to decide the fate of the world , cadsuane feared for all people . 
 cadsuane and the two wise ones reached her chamber in the manor , a sturdy undamaged room with a good view of the trampled green and camp out front . 
 she made few demands in the way of decoration : a stout bed , a lockable trunk , a mirror and stand . 
 she was too old and impatient to bother with anything else . 
 the trunk was a decoy ; she kept some gold and other relatively worthless items in it . 
 her most precious possessions she either wore-in the form of her ter ` angreal ornaments-or kept locked in a dingy-looking document box that sat on her mirror stand . 
 of worn oak , the stain uneven , the box had enough dings and dents to look used-but was n't so shabby as to be out of place with her other things . 
 as sorilea closed the door behind the three of them , cadsuane disarmed the box 's traps . 
 it was strange to her how few aes sedai learned to innovate with the one power . 
 they memorized time-tested and traditional weaves , but gave barely a thought for what else they could do . 
 true , experimenting with the one power could be disastrous , but many simple extrapolations could be made without danger . 
 her weave for this box was one such . 
 until recently , she 'd used a standard weave of fire , spirit and air to destroy any documents in the box if an intruder opened it . 
 effective , if a bit unimaginative . 
 her new weave was much more versatile . 
 it did n't destroy the items in the box-cadsuane was n't certain if they could be destroyed . 
 instead , the weaves-inverted to be invisible-sprang out in twisting threads of air and captured anyone in the room when the box was opened . 
 then another weave set out a large sound , imitating a hundred trumpets playing while lights flashed in the air to give the alarm . 
 the weaves would also go off if anyone opened the box , moved it , or barely touched it with the most delicate thread of the one power . 
 cadsuane flipped up the lid . 
 the extreme precaution was necessary . 
 for inside this box were two items that presented very serious danger . 
 sorilea walked over , looking in at the contents . 
 one was a figurine of a wise , bearded man holding aloft a sphere , about a foot tall . 
 the other was a a black metallic collar and two bracelets : an a ` dam made for a man . 
 with this ter ` angreal , a woman could turn a man who could channel into her slave , controlling his ability to touch the one power . 
 perhaps controlling him completely . 
 they had not tested the collar . 
 al ` thor had forbidden it . 
 sorilea hissed quietly , ignoring the statue and focusing on the bracelets and collar . 
 `` this thing is evil . '' 
 `` yes , '' cadsuane said . 
 rarely would she have called a simple object `` evil , '' but this one was . 
 `` nynaeve al ` meara claims some familiarity with this thing . 
 though i have not been able to press out of the girl how she knows these things , she claims to know that there was only one male a ` dam , and that she 'd arranged for its disposal in the ocean . 
 she also admits , however , that she did n't see it destroyed personally . 
 it may have been used as a pattern by the seanchan . '' 
 `` this is unsettling to see , '' sorilea said . 
 `` if one of the shadowsouled , or even one of the seanchan , captured him with this ... . '' 
 `` light protect us all , '' bair whispered . 
 `` and the people who have these are the same people with whom al ` thor wishes to make peace ? '' 
 sorilea shook her head . 
 `` creation of these abominations alone should warrant a blood feud . 
 i heard that there were others like it . 
 what of those ? '' 
 `` stored elsewhere , '' cadsuane said , shutting the lid . 
 `` along with the female a ` dam we took . 
 some acquaintances of mine-aes sedai who have retired from the world-are testing them trying to discover their weakness . '' 
 they also had callandor . 
 cadsuane was loath to let it out of her sight , but she felt that the sword still held secrets that could be teased out . 
 `` i keep this one here because i intend to find a way to test it on a man , '' she said . 
 `` that would be the best way to discover its weaknesses . 
 al ` thor wo n't allow any of his asha ` man to be leashed by it , however . 
 not for the shortest time . '' 
 this made bair uncomfortable . 
 `` a little like testing a spear 's strength by stabbing it into someone , '' she muttered . 
 sorilea , however , nodded in agreement . 
 she understood . 
 one of the first things cadsuane had done after capturing those female a ` dam was put one on and practice ways to escape from it . 
 she 'd done so under carefully controlled circumstances , of course , with women she trusted to help her escape . 
 they 'd eventually had to do that . 
 cadsuane had been able to discover no way out on her own . 
 but if your enemy was planning to do something to you , you had to discover how to counter it . 
 even if that meant leashing yourself . 
 al ` thor could n't see this . 
 when she asked , he simply muttered about `` that bloody box '' and being beaten . 
 `` we have to do something about that man , '' sorilea said , meeting cadsuane 's eyes . 
 `` he has grown worse since we last met . '' 
 `` he has , '' cadsuane said . 
 `` he 's surprisingly accomplished at ignoring my training . '' 
 `` then let us discuss , '' sorilea said , pulling over a stool . 
 `` a plan must be arranged . 
 for the good of all . '' 
 `` for the good of all , '' cadsuane agreed . 
 `` al ` thor himself most of all . '' 
 chapter 15 a place to begin rand woke on the floor of a hallway . 
 he sat up , listening to the distant sound of water . 
 the stream outside the manor house ? 
 no ... no , that was wrong . 
 the walls and floor here were stone , not wood . 
 no candles or lamps hung from the stonework , and yet there was light , ambient in the air . 
 he stood , then straightened his red coat , feeling strangely unafraid . 
 he recognized this place from somewhere , distant in his memory . 
 how had he come here ? 
 the recent past was clouded , and seemed to slip from him , like fading trails of mist ... . 
 no , he thought firmly . 
 his memories obeyed , snapping back into place before the strength of his determination . 
 he had been in the do-mani manor house , awaiting a report from rhuarc about the capture of the first few members of the merchant council . 
 min had been reading each castle , a biography , in the deep , green chair of the room they shared . 
 rand had been exhausted , as he often was lately . 
 he 'd gone to lie down . 
 he was asleep , then . 
 was this the world of dreams ? 
 though he had visited it on occasion , he knew very few specifics . 
 egwene and the aiel dreamwalkers spoke of it only guardedly . 
 this place felt different from the dream world , and oddly familiar . 
 he looked down the hallway ; it was so long that it vanished into shadows , walls broken by doors at intervals , the wood dry and cracked . 
 yes ... he thought , seizing at a memory . 
 / have been here before , but not in a long time . 
 he chose one of the doors at random-he knew that it would n't matter which one he picked-and pushed it open . 
 there was a room beyond , of modest size . 
 the far side was a series of gray stone arches , beyond them a little courtyard and a sky of burning red clouds . 
 the clouds grew and sprang from one another like bubbles in boiling water . 
 they were the clouds of an impending storm , unnatural though they were . 
 he looked more closely , and saw that each new cloud formed the shape of a tormented face , the mouth open in a silent scream . 
 the cloud would swell , expanding upon itself , face distorting , jaw working , cheeks twisting , eyes bulging . 
 then it would split , other faces swelling out of its surface , yelling and seething . 
 it was transfixing and horrifying at the same time . 
 there was no ground beyond the courtyard . 
 just that terrible sky . 
 rand did not want to look toward the left side of the room . 
 the fireplace was there . 
 the stones that formed floor , hearth and columns were warped , as if they had been melted by an extreme heat . 
 at the edges of his vision , they seemed to shift and change . 
 the angles and proportions of the room were wrong . 
 just as they had been when he 'd come here , long ago . 
 something was different this time , however . 
 something about the colors . 
 many of the stones were black , as if they 'd been burned , and cracks laced them . 
 distant red light glowed from within , as if they had cores of molten lava . 
 there had once been a table here , had n't there ? 
 polished and of fine wood , its ordinary lines a discomforting contrast to the distorted angles of the stones ? 
 the table was gone , but two chairs sat before the fireplace , high backed and facing the flames , obscuring whomever might be sitting in them . 
 rand forced himself to walk forward , his boots clicking on stones that burned . 
 he felt no heat , either from them or the fire . 
 his breath caught and his heart pounded as he approached those chairs . 
 he feared what he would find . 
 he rounded them . 
 a man sat in the chair on the left . 
 tall and youthful , he had a square face and ancient blue eyes that reflected the hearth-fire , turning his irises almost purple . 
 the other chair was empty . 
 rand walked to it and sat down , calming his heart and watching the dancing flames . 
 he had seen this man before in visions , not unlike the ones that appeared when he thought of mat or perrin . 
 the colors did not appear on this thought of his friends . 
 that was odd , but somehow not unexpected . 
 the visions he 'd seen of the man in the other chair were different from the ones involving perrin and mat . 
 they were more visceral , somehow , more real . 
 at times during those visions , rand had felt almost as if he could reach out and touch this man . 
 he 'd been afraid of what would happen if he did . 
 he had met the man only once . 
 at shadar logoth . 
 the stranger had saved rand 's life , and rand had often wondered who he had been . 
 now , in this place , rand finally knew . 
 `` you are dead , '' rand whispered . 
 `` i killed you . '' 
 the man did n't look from the fire as he laughed . 
 it was a rough , low-throated laugh that held little true mirth . 
 once , rand had known this man only as ba'alzamon - a name for the dark one-and had foolishly thought that in killing him , he had defeated the shadow for good . 
 `` i watched you die , '' rand said . 
 `` i stabbed you through the chest with callandor . 
 isha - '' `` that is not my name , '' the man interrupted , still watching the flames . 
 `` i am known as moridin , now . '' 
 `` the name is irrelevant , '' rand said angrily . 
 `` you are dead , and this is just a dream . '' 
 `` just a dream , '' moridin said , chuckling . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the man was clad in a black coat and trousers , the darkness relieved only by red embroidery on the sleeves . 
 moridin finally looked at him . 
 flames from the fire cast bright red and orange light across his angular face and unblinking eyes . 
 `` why do you always whine that way ? 
 just a dream . 
 do you not know that many dreams are more truthful than the waking world ? '' 
 `` you are dead , '' rand repeated stubbornly . 
 `` so are you . 
 i watched you die , you know . 
 lashing out in a tempest , creating an entire mountain to mark your cairn . 
 so arrogant . '' 
 lews therin had-upon discovering that he 'd killed all that he loved-drawn upon the one power and destroyed himself , creating drag-onmount in the process . 
 mention of this event always brought on howls of grief and anger in rand 's mind . 
 but this time , there was silence . 
 moridin turned back to watch the heatless flames . 
 to the side , in the stones of the fireplace , rand saw movement . 
 flickering bits of shadow , just barely visible through the cracks in the stones . 
 the red-hot heat shone behind , like rock turned molten , and those shadows moved , frantic . 
 just faintly , rand could hear scratching . 
 rats , he realized . 
 there were rats behind the stones , being consumed by the terrible heat trapped on the other side . 
 their claws scratched , pushing through the cracks , as they tried to escape their burning . 
 some of those tiny hands seemed almost human . 
 just a dream , rand told himself forcefully . 
 just a dream . 
 but he knew the truth of what moridin had said . 
 rand 's enemy still lived . 
 light ! 
 how many of the others had returned as well ? 
 anger made him grip the armrest of the chair . 
 perhaps he should have been terrified , but he had stopped running from this creature and his master long ago . 
 rand had no room left for fear . 
 in fact , it should be moridin who feared , for the last time they had met , rand had killed him . 
 `` how ? '' 
 rand demanded . 
 `` long ago , i promised you that the great lord could restore your lost love . 
 do you not think that he can easily recover one who serves him ? '' 
 another name for the dark one was lord of the grave . 
 yes , it was true , even if rand wished he could deny it . 
 why should he be surprised to see his enemies return , when the dark one could restore the dead to life ? 
 `` we are all reborn , '' moridin continued , `` spun back into the pattern time and time again . 
 death is no barrier to my master save for those who have known balefire . 
 they are beyond his grasp . 
 it is a wonder we can remember them . '' 
 so some of the others really were dead . 
 balefire was the key . 
 but how had moridin gotten into rand 's dreams ? 
 rand set wards each night . 
 he glanced at moridin , noticing something odd about the man 's eyes . 
 small black specks floated about in the whites , crossing back and forth like bits of ash blown on a leisurely wind . 
 `` the great lord can grant you sanity , you know , '' moridin said . 
 `` your last gift of sanity brought me no comfort , '' rand said , surprising himself with the words . 
 that had been lews therin 's memory , not his own . 
 yet lews therin was gone from his mind . 
 oddly , rand felt more stable-somehow-here in this place where all else appeared fluid . 
 the pieces of himself fit together better . 
 not perfectly , of course , but better than they had in recent memory . 
 moridin snorted softly , but said nothing . 
 rand turned back to the flames , watching them twist and flicker . 
 they formed shapes , like the clouds , but these were headless bodies , skeletal , backs arching in pain , writhing for a moment in fire , spasming , before flashing into nothing . 
 rand watched that fire for a time , thinking . 
 one might have thought that they were two old friends , enjoying the warmth of a winter hearth . 
 except that the flames gave no heat , and rand would someday kill this man again . 
 or die at his hands . 
 moridin tapped his fingers on the chair . 
 `` why have you come here ? '' 
 come here ? 
 rand thought , with shock . 
 had n't moridin brought him ? 
 `` i feel so tired , '' moridin continued , closing his eyes . 
 `` is that you , or is it me ? 
 i could throttle semirhage for what she did . '' 
 rand frowned . 
 was moridin mad ? 
 ishamael had certainly seemed crazy , at the end . 
 `` it is not time for us to fight , '' moridin said , waving a hand at rand . 
 `` go . 
 leave me in peace . 
 i do not know what would happen to us if we killed one another . 
 the great lord will have you soon enough . 
 his victory is assured . '' 
 `` he has failed before and will fail again , '' rand said . 
 `` i will defeat him . '' 
 moridin laughed again , the same heartless laugh as before . 
 `` perhaps you will , '' he said . 
 `` but do you think that matters ? 
 consider it . 
 the wheel turns , time and time again . 
 over and over the ages turn , and men fight the great lord . 
 but someday , he will win , and when he does , the wheel will stop . 
 `` that is why his victory is assured . 
 i think it will be this age , but if not , then in another . 
 when you are victorious , it only leads to another battle . 
 when he is victorious , all things will end . 
 can you not see that there is no hope for you ? '' 
 `` is that what made you turn to his side ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` you were always so full of thoughts , elan . 
 your logic destroyed you , did n't it ? '' 
 `` there is no path to victory , '' moridin said . 
 `` the only path is to follow the great lord and rule for a time before all things end . 
 the others are fools . 
 they look for grand rewards in the eternities , but there will be no eternities . 
 only the now , the last days . '' 
 he laughed again , and this time there was joy in it . 
 true pleasure . 
 rand stood . 
 moridin eyed him warily , but did not get up . 
 `` there is a way to win , moridin , '' rand said . 
 `` i mean to kill him . 
 slay the dark one . 
 let the wheel turn without his constant taint . '' 
 moridin gave no reaction . 
 he was still staring at the flames . 
 `` we are connected , '' moridin finally said . 
 `` that is how you came here , i suspect , though i do not understand our bond myself . 
 i doubt you can understand the magnitude of the stupidity in your statement . '' 
 rand felt a flash of anger , but fought it down . 
 he would not be goaded . 
 `` we shall see . '' 
 he reached for the one power . 
 it was distant , far away . 
 rand seized it , and felt himself yanked away , as if on a line of saidin . 
 the room vanished , and so did the one power , as rand entered a deep blackness . 
 rand finally stopped thrashing in his sleep , and min held her breath , hoping that he would n't start again . 
 she sat , legs tucked underneath her , wrapped in a blanket as she read in her chair at the corner of the room . 
 a small lamp flickered and danced on the short table beside her , illuminating her stack of musty books . 
 falling shale , marks and remarks , monuments past . 
 histories , most of them . 
 rand sighed softly , but did not move . 
 min released her breath and settled back into her chair , finger marking her place in a copy of pelateos 's ponderings , with the shutters closed for the night , she could still hear the wind sough in the pines . 
 the room smelled faintly of smoke from the strange fire . 
 aviendha 's quick thinking had made a potential disaster into a mere inconvenience . 
 not that she was being rewarded for it . 
 the wise ones continued to work her as hard as a merchant 's last mule . 
 min had n't been able to get close enough to her to have a conversation , despite the fact that they 'd been in the camp together for some time now . 
 she did n't know how to think of the other woman . 
 they had become a little more comfortable with one another that evening , sharing oosquai . 
 but one day did not friends make , and she was definitely uncomfortable about sharing . 
 min glanced again at rand , lying on his back , eyes closed , breath coming evenly now . 
 his left arm lay across his blankets , the stump exposed . 
 she did n't know how he managed to sleep , with those wounds in his side . 
 as soon as she thought of them , she could feel the pain-it was all part of the rolled-up ball of rand 's emotions in the back of her mind . 
 she had learned to ignore the pain . 
 she 'd had to . 
 for him , it would be much , much stronger . 
 how he could stand it , she did n't know . 
 she was n't aes sedai-thank the light-but somehow she had bonded him . 
 it was amazing ; she could tell where he was , tell if he was distraught . 
 she could mostly keep his emotions from overwhelming her except when they were passionate . 
 but what woman did n't want to be overwhelmed during those moments ? 
 it was a particularly ... exhilarating experience with the bond , which let her feel both her own desire and the raging tempest of fire that was rand 's desire for her . 
 the thought made her blush , and she pulled open ponderings to distract herself . 
 rand needed his sleep , and she was going to let him have it . 
 besides , she needed to study , although she was confronted by conclusions that she did n't like . 
 these books had belonged to herid fel , the kindly old scholar who had joined rand 's school in cairhien . 
 min smiled , remembering fel 's distracted way of talking and his confused-yet somehow brilliant - discoveries . 
 herid fel was dead now , murdered , torn apart by shadowspawn . 
 he 'd discovered something in these books , something he 'd intended to tell rand . 
 something about the last battle and the seals on the dark one 's prison . 
 fel had been killed just before he could pass on the information . 
 perhaps it was coincidence ; perhaps the books had nothing to do with his death . 
 but perhaps they did . 
 min was determined to find the answers . 
 for rand , and for herid himself . 
 she put down ponderings and picked up thoughts among the ruins , a work from over a thousand years ago . 
 she 'd marked a place with a small slip of paper , the very same now-worn note that herid had sent to rand shortly before the murder . 
 min turned it over in her fingers , reading it again . 
 belief and order give strength . 
 have to clear rubble before you can build . 
 will explain when see you next . 
 do not bring girl . 
 too pretty . 
 she figured-from reading among his books-that she could trace his thoughts . 
 rand had wanted information on how to seal the dark one 's prison . 
 could fel have discovered what she thought she had ? 
 she shook her head . 
 what was she doing trying to solve a scholarly mystery ? 
 but who else was there ? 
 one of the brown ajah might be better suited , but could they be trusted ? 
 even those who had made their oaths to him might decide that it was in rand 's best interests to keep secrets from him . 
 rand himself was far too busy , and he was too impatient for books lately anyway . 
 that left min . 
 she was beginning to piece together some of what he would have to do , but there was more-so much more-that was still unknown . 
 she felt she was getting close , but it worried her to reveal what she 'd discovered to rand . 
 how would he respond ? 
 she sighed , scanning the book . 
 she 'd never thought that she , of all people , would become a fool for some man . 
 yet here she was , following him wherever he went , putting his needs before her own . 
 that did n't mean she was his pet , regardless what some of the people in camp said . 
 she followed rand because she loved him , and she could feel-literally-that he returned her love . 
 despite the harshness that was invading him bit by bit , despite the anger and the bleakness of his life , he loved her . 
 and so she did what she could to help him . 
 if she could help solve this one puzzle , the puzzle of sealing the dark one 's prison , she could achieve something not just for rand , but for the world itself . 
 what did it matter if soldiers in the camp did n't know what her value was ? 
 it was probably better if everyone assumed her to be dis-missible . 
 any assassin who came to kill rand should think that he could ignore min . 
 the would-be killer would soon discover the knives hidden in min 's sleeves . 
 she was n't as good with them as thorn merrilin was , but she knew more than enough to kill . 
 rand turned in his sleep , but settled down again . 
 she loved him . 
 she had n't chosen to do so , but her heart-or the pattern , or the creator , or whatever was in charge of these things-had made the decision for her . 
 and now she would n't change her feelings if she could . 
 if it meant danger , if it meant suffering the looks of men in the camp , if it meant ... sharing him with others . 
 rand stirred again . 
 this time , he groaned and opened his eyes , sitting up . 
 he raised his hand to his head , somehow managing to look more weary now than he had when he 'd gone to sleep . 
 he wore only his smallclothes , and his chest was bare . 
 he sat like that for a long moment , then stood up , walking to the shuttered window . 
 min pushed her book closed . 
 `` and what do you think you 're doing , sheepherder ? 
 you barely slept for a couple of hours ! '' 
 he opened the shutters and the window , exposing the dark night beyond . 
 a stray curl of wind made her lamp flame shiver . 
 `` rand ? '' 
 min asked . 
 she could barely hear his voice when he replied . 
 `` he 's inside my head . 
 he was gone during the dream . 
 but he 's back now . '' 
 she resisted sinking down in her chair . 
 light , but she hated hearing about rand 's madness . 
 she 'd hoped that when he healed saidin , he would be free of the taint 's insanities . 
 `` he ? '' 
 she asked , forcing her voice to be steady . 
 `` the voice of ... lews therin ? '' 
 he turned , clouded night sky outside the window framing his face , the lamp 's uneven illumination leaving his features mostly in shadows . 
 `` rand , '' she said , setting her book aside and joining him beside the window . 
 `` you have to talk to someone . 
 you ca n't keep it all inside . '' 
 `` i have to be strong . '' 
 she tugged on his arm , turning him toward her . 
 `` keeping me away means you 're strong ? '' 
 `` i 'm not - '' `` yes you are . 
 there are things going on in there , behind those aiel eyes of yours . 
 rand , do you think i will stop loving you because of what you hear ? '' 
 `` you 'll be frightened . '' 
 `` oh , '' she said , folding her arms . 
 `` so i 'm a fragile flower , am i ? '' 
 he opened his mouth , struggling for words , in the way he once had . 
 back when he 'd been nothing more than a sheepherder on an adventure . 
 `` min , i know you 're strong . 
 you know i do . '' 
 `` then trust me to be strong enough to bear what is inside you , '' she said . 
 `` we ca n't just pretend nothing has happened . '' 
 she forced herself onward . 
 `` the taint left marks on you . 
 i know it did . 
 but if you ca n't share it with me , who can you share it with ? '' 
 he ran his hand through his hair , then turned away , beginning to pace . 
 `` burn it all , min ! 
 if my enemies discover my weaknesses , they will exploit them . 
 i feel blind . 
 i 'm running in the dark on an unfamiliar path . 
 i do n't know if there are breaks in the road , or if the whole cursed thing ends in a cliff ! '' 
 she laid a hand on his arm as he passed , stopping him . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` you 'll think i 'm mad . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` i already think you 're a wool-headed fool . 
 can it be much worse than that ? '' 
 he regarded her , and some of the tension left his face . 
 he sat down on the edge of the bed , sighing softly . 
 but it was progress . 
 `` semirhage was right , '' rand said . 
 `` i hear ... things . 
 a voice . 
 the voice of lews therin , the dragon . 
 he speaks to me and responds to the world around me . 
 sometimes , he tries to seize saidin from me . 
 and ... and sometimes he succeeds . 
 he 's wild , min . 
 insane . 
 but the things he can do with the one power are amazing . '' 
 he stared off into the distance . 
 min shivered . 
 light ! 
 he let the voice in his head wield the one power ? 
 what did that mean ? 
 that he let the mad part of his brain take control ? 
 he shook his head . 
 `` semirhage claims that this is just insanity , tricks of my mind , but lews therin knows things-things that i do n't . 
 things about history , about the one power . 
 you had a viewing of me that showed two people merging into one . 
 that means that lews therin and i are distinct ! 
 two people , min . 
 he 's real . '' 
 she walked over and sat next to him . 
 `` rand , he 's you . 
 or you 're him . 
 spun out into the pattern again . 
 those memories and things you can do , they 're remnants from who you were before . '' 
 `` no , '' rand said . 
 `` min , he 's insane and i 'm not . 
 besides , he failed . 
 i wo n't . 
 i wo n't do it , min . 
 i wo n't hurt those i love , as he did . 
 and when i defeat the dark one , i wo n't leave him able to return a short time later and terrorize us again . '' 
 three thousand years a `` short time later '' ? 
 she put her arms around him . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` if there is another person , or if those are just memories from before , the information is useful . '' 
 `` yes , '' rand said , seeming distant again . 
 `` but i 'm afraid to use the one power . 
 when i do , i risk letting him take control . 
 he ca n't be trusted . 
 he did n't mean to kill her , but that does n't change the fact that he did . 
 light ... hyena . 
 ... '' was this how it happened to all of them ? 
 each one assuming that they were really sane , and that it was the other person inside of them who did horrible things ? 
 `` it 's done now , rand , '' she said , holding him close . 
 `` whatever this voice is , it wo n't grow any worse . 
 saidin is cleansed . '' 
 rand did n't respond , but he did relax . 
 she closed her eyes , enjoying the feeling of his warmth beside her , particularly since he 'd left the window open . 
 `` ishamael lives , '' rand said . 
 she snapped her eyes open . 
 `` what ? '' 
 just when she was beginning to feel comfortable ! 
 `` i visited him in the world of dreams , '' rand said . 
 `` and before you ask , no . 
 it was n't just a nightmare and it was n't madness . 
 it was real , and i ca n't explain how i know . 
 you will just have to trust me . '' 
 `` ishamael , '' she whispered . 
 `` you killed him ! '' 
 `` yes , '' rand said . 
 `` in the stone of tear . 
 he has returned , bearing a new face and a new name , but it is him . 
 we should have realized it would happen ; the dark one wo n't abandon such useful tools without a fight . 
 he can reach beyond the grave . '' 
 `` then how can we win ? 
 if everyone we kill just comes back again ... . '' 
 `` balefire , '' rand said . 
 `` it will kill them for good . '' 
 `` cadsuane said - '' `` i do n't care what cadsuane said , '' he snarled . 
 `` she is my advisor , and she gives advice . 
 only advice . 
 i am the dragon reborn , and / will decide how we fight . '' 
 he stopped , taking a deep breath . 
 `` anyway , it does n't matter if the forsaken return , it does n't matter who or what the dark one sends at us . 
 in the end , i will destroy him , if possible . 
 if not , then i will at least seal him away so tightly that the world can forget him . '' 
 he glanced down at her . 
 `` for that ... i need the voice , min . 
 lews therin knows things . 
 or ... or i know things . 
 whichever it is , the knowledge is there . 
 in a way , the dark one 's own taint will destroy him , for it is what gave me access to lews therin . '' 
 min glanced at her books . 
 herid 's little slip of paper still peeked from the depths of thoughts among the ruins . 
 `` rand , '' she said . 
 `` you have to destroy the seals to the dark one 's prison . '' 
 he looked at her , frowning . 
 `` i 'm sure of it , '' she said . 
 `` i 've been reading herid 's books all this time , and i believe that 's what he meant by ` clearing away the rubble . ' 
 in order to rebuild the dark one 's prison , you will first need to open it . 
 clear away the patch made on the bore . '' 
 she had expected him to be incredulous . 
 shockingly , he just nodded . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` yes , that sounds right . 
 i doubt that many will wish to hear it . 
 if those seals are broken , there is no way to tell what will happen . 
 if i fail to contain him ... '' the prophecies did n't say rand would win . 
 only that he would fight . 
 min shivered again-blasted window ! 
 - but met rand 's gaze . 
 `` you 'll win . 
 you 'll defeat him . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` faith in a madman , min ? '' 
 `` faith in you , sheepherder . '' 
 suddenly viewings spun around his head . 
 she ignored them most of the time , unless they were new , but now she picked them out . 
 fireflies consumed in darkness . 
 three women before a pyre . 
 flashes of light , darkness , shadow , signs of death , crowns , injuries , pain and hope . 
 a tempest around rand al ` thor , stronger than any physical storm . 
 `` we still do n't know what to do , '' he said . 
 `` the seals are brittle enough that i could break them in my hands , but what then ? 
 mow do i stop him ? 
 does it say anything of that in your books ? '' 
 `` it 's hard to tell , '' she admitted . 
 `` the clues-if that 's what they are-are vague . 
 i will keep looking . 
 i promise . 
 i 'll find answers for you . ' 
 he nodded , and she was surprised to feel his trust through the bond . 
 that was a frighteningly rare emotion from him recently , but he did seem softer than he had during previous days . 
 still stone , but perhaps with some few cracks , willing to let her inside . 
 it was a beginning . 
 she tightened her arms around him and closed her eyes again . 
 a place to begin , but with so little time left . 
 it would have to do . 
 carefully shielding her burning candle , aviendha lit the pole-mounted lantern . 
 it flickered alight , illuminating the green around her . 
 slumbering soldiers snored in rows of tents . 
 the evening was cold , the air crisp , and branches rattled in the distance . 
 a lonely owl hooted . 
 and aviendha was exhausted . 
 she 'd crossed the grounds fifty times , lighting the lantern , blowing it out , then jogging back across the green and lighting her candle at the manor before walking carefully-shielding the flame-to light the lantern again . 
 another month of these punishments and she 'd probably go as mad as a wetlander . 
 the wise ones would wake one morning and find her going for a swim , or carrying a half-full waterskin , or-even-riding a horse for pleasure ! 
 she sighed , too exhausted to think any further , and turned toward the aiel section of camp to finally sleep . 
 someone was standing behind her . 
 she started , hand going to her dagger , but relaxed as she recognized amys . 
 of all the wise ones , only she-a former maiden-could have sneaked up on aviendha . 
 the wise one stood with hands clasped before her , brown shawl and skirt flapping slightly in the wind . 
 aviendha 's skin prickled at the particularly chilly gust . 
 amys ' silver hair seemed almost ghostly in the evening light ; a pine needle passing on the breeze had gotten lodged in it . 
 `` you approach your punishments with such ... dedication , child , '' amys said . 
 aviendha looked down . 
 pointing out her activities was to shame her . 
 was she running out of time ? 
 had the wise ones finally decided to give up on her ? 
 `` please , wise one . 
 i only do as duty demands . '' 
 `` yes , you do , '' amys said . 
 she reached up , running her hand through her hair , and found the pine needle , then let it drop to the dead grass . 
 `` and , also , you do not . 
 sometimes , aviendha , we are so concerned with the things we have done that we do not stop to consider the things we have not . '' 
 aviendha was glad for the darkness , which hid her shameful blush . 
 in the distance , a soldier rang the evening bell to chime the hour , the soft metal ringing with eleven melancholy peals . 
 how did she respond to amys ' comments ? 
 there did n't seem to be any proper response . 
 aviendha was saved by a flash of light just beyond the camp . 
 it was faint , but in the darkness , the flicker was easy to notice . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the wise one asked , noticing aviendha 's gaze and turning to follow it . 
 `` light , '' aviendha said . 
 `` from the traveling grounds . '' 
 amys frowned , then the two of them moved toward the grounds . 
 soon they encountered damer flinn , davram bashere , a small guard of saldaeans and aiel walking into the camp . 
 what did one think of a creature such as flinn ? 
 the taint had been cleansed , but this man-and many of the others-had come , asking to learn , before that had happened . 
 aviendha herself would have sooner embraced sightblinder himself as done that , but they bad proven to be powerful weapons . 
 amys and aviendha moved to the side as the small party hurried toward the manor house , lit only by the distant flickering torches and the cloud-covered sky above . 
 though most of the force sent to meet the sean-chan had been made up of bashere 's soldiers , there were several maidens in the group . 
 amys locked eyes with one of them , an older woman named corana . 
 she hung back , and though it was difficult to tell in the darkness , she looked concerned . 
 perhaps angry . 
 `` what news ? '' 
 amys asked . 
 `` the invaders , these seanchan , '' corana nearly spat the word , `` they have agreed to another meeting with the car ` a ` cam . '' 
 amys nodded . 
 corana , however , sniffed audibly , short hair ruffling in the chill breeze . 
 `` speak , '' amys said . 
 `` the car ` a ` carn sues too hard for peace , '' corana replied . 
 `` these seanchan have given him reason to declare a blood feud , but he simpers and panders to them . 
 i feel like a trained dog , sent to lick the feet of a stranger . '' 
 amys glanced at aviendha . 
 `` what do you say to this , aviendha ? '' 
 `` my heart agrees with her words , wise one . 
 but , while the car ` a ` carn is a fool in some things , he is not being one now . 
 my mind agrees with him , and in this case , it is the mind i would follow . '' 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 corana snapped . 
 she emphasized the you , as if to imply that aviendha-recently a maiden-should understand . 
 `` which is more important , corana ? '' 
 aviendha replied raising her chin . 
 `` the argument you have with another maiden , or the feud your clan has with its enemy ? '' 
 `` the clan comes first , of course . 
 but what does that matter ? '' 
 `` the seanchan deserve to be fought , '' aviendha said , `` and you are right that it pains to ask them for peace . 
 but you forget that we have a greater enemy . 
 sightblinder himself has a feud with all men , and our duty is larger than feuds between nations . '' 
 amys nodded . 
 `` there will be time enough to show the seanchan the weight of our spears at another date . '' 
 corana shook her head . 
 `` wise one , you sound like a wetlander . 
 what care have we for their prophecies and stories ? 
 rand al ` thor 's duty as car ` a ` carn is much greater than his duty to the wetlanders . 
 he must lead us to glory . '' 
 amys stared harshly at the blond maiden . 
 `` you speak like a shaido . '' 
 corana locked her stare for a moment , then wilted , turning away . 
 `` pardon , wise one , '' she finally said . 
 `` i have toh . 
 but you should know that the seanchan had aiel in their camp . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 aviendha asked . 
 `` they were leashed , '' corana said , `` like their tame aes sedai . 
 they were being shown off like prizes for our arrival , i suspect . 
 i recognized many shaido among them . '' 
 amys hissed softly . 
 shaido or not , aiel being held as damane was a grave insult . 
 and the seanchan were flaunting their captives . 
 she gripped her dagger . 
 `` what do you say now ? '' 
 amys glanced at aviendha . 
 aviendha gritted her teeth . 
 `` the same , wise one , though i 'd almost rather cut out my tongue than admit it . '' 
 amys nodded , looking back at corana . 
 `` do not think that we will ignore this insult , corana . 
 vengeance will come . 
 once this war is done , the seanchan will feel the storm of our arrows and the tips of our spears . 
 but not until after . 
 go tell the two clan chiefs what you have told me . '' 
 corana nodded-she would meet her toh later , in private , with amys-and left . 
 darner flinn and the others had already reached the manor house ; would they wake rand ? 
 he was sleeping now , though aviendha had been forced to mute her bond in the middle of her night 's punishment , lest she endure sensations that she 'd rather have avoided . 
 at least , she 'd rather have avoided them secondhand . 
 `` there will be dangerous words of this among the spears , '' amys said thoughtfully . 
 `` there will be calls to attack , demands that the car ` a ` carn give up his attempts to make peace . '' 
 `` will they stay with him when he refuses ? '' 
 aviendha asked . 
 `` of course they will , '' amys said . 
 `` they 're aiel . '' 
 she glanced at aviendha . 
 `` we have n't much time , child . 
 perhaps it is time to stop coddling you . 
 i will think up better punishments for you starting tomorrow . '' 
 coddling me ? 
 aviendha watched amys stalk away . 
 they could n't possibly come up with anything more useless or demeaning ! 
 but she 'd learned long ago not to underestimate amys . 
 with a sigh , aviendha broke into a trot , heading back toward her tent . 
 chapter 16 in the white tower `` i 'm curious to hear the novice speak . 
 tell me , egwene al ` vere , how i would you have handled the situation ? '' 
 _ jl egwene looked up from the bowl of shells , two-legged steel nutcracker in one hand , a bulbous walnut in the other . 
 it was the first time any of the aes sedai present had addressed her . 
 she had begun to think that attending the three whites would turn out to be another waste of time . 
 the afternoon 's location was a small inset balcony on the third level of the white tower . 
 sitters could demand rooms with not only full windows , but balconies as well , something that was uncommon-though not unheard-of-for regular sisters . 
 this one was shaped like a small turret , with a sturdy stone wall running around the rim in a curve , a similar stone hanging from the outcropping above . 
 there was generous space between the two and the view was quite beautiful , eastward across the rising hills that eventually climbed to kinslayer 's dagger . 
 the dagger itself might have been distantly visible on a clear day . 
 a cool breeze blew across the balcony , and this high up it was fresh and unsullied by the stink of the city below . 
 a sinuous pair of sticklesharps - with their three-pronged leaves and clinging vines-grew on each side of the balcony , their creeping tendrils covering the inside of the stonework and making it look almost like a deep forest ruin . 
 the plants were more ornamentation than egwene would have expected in the quarters of a white , but ferane was reported to be a shade on the vain side . 
 she probably liked it that her balcony was so distinctive , even if protocol required her to keep the vines pruned as to not mar the gleaming profile of the tower itself . 
 the three whites sat in wicker chairs at a low table . 
 egwene sat before them on a wicker stool , back to the open air , denied the view as she cracked nuts for the others . 
 any number of servants or kitchen workers could have done the work . 
 but this was the sort of thing that sisters found to fill the time of novices whom they thought might be lounging about too much . 
 egwene had thought that cracking the walnuts was just a pretense . 
 after being ignored for the better part of an hour , she had begun to wonder , but all three were looking at her now . 
 she should n't have doubted her instincts . 
 ferane had the coppery skin of a domani , and a temperament to match , odd for a white . 
 she was short , with an apple-shaped face and dark , lustrous hair . 
 her auburn dress was filmy but decent with a wide white sash at the waist to match her shawl , which she was currently wearing . 
 the dress did n't lack for embroidery , and the fabric did seem an indication , perhaps intentional , of her domani heritage . 
 the other two , miyasi and tesan , both wore white , as if they feared that dresses of any other colors were a betrayal of their ajah . 
 that notion was becoming more and more common among all of the aes sedai . 
 tesan was a taraboner , with her dark hair in beaded braids . 
 the beads were white and gold , and they framed a narrow face that looked as if it had been pinched at top and bottom and pulled . 
 she always looked worried about something . 
 though perhaps that was just the times . 
 light knew they all had a great deal to worry over . 
 miyasi was more calm , her head topped by iron-gray hair in a bun . 
 her aes sedai face betrayed none of the many years that she must have seen for her hair to silver so fully . 
 she was tall and plump , and she preferred her walnuts shelled very particularly . 
 no fragments or broken pieces of nut for her , only full halves . 
 egwene carefully pried one from the shell she had cracked , then handed it over ; the small brown lump was wrinkled and ridged , like the brain of a tiny animal . 
 `` what was it you asked , ferane ? '' 
 egwene asked , cracking another walnut and discarding the shell in a pail at her feet . 
 the white barely frowned at egwene 's improper response . 
 they were all growing accustomed to the fact that this `` novice '' seldom acted her presumed station . 
 `` i asked , '' ferane said coolly , `` what you would have done in the amyrlin 's place . 
 consider this part of your instruction . 
 you know that the dragon has been reborn and you know that the tower must control him in order for the last battle to proceed . 
 how would you handle him ? '' 
 a curious question . 
 it did n't sound much like `` instruction . '' 
 but ferane 's tone did n't make it sound like an offer to complain about elaida either . 
 there was too much contempt for egwene in that voice . 
 the other two whites remained quiet . 
 ferane was a sitter , and they deferred to her . 
 she 's heard how often i mention elaida 's failure with rand , egwene thought , looking into ferane 's steely black eyes . 
 so . 
 a test , is it ? 
 this would have to be handled very carefully . 
 egwene reached for another walnut . 
 `` first , i would send a group of sisters to his home village . '' 
 ferane raised an eyebrow . 
 `` to intimidate his family ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' egwene said . 
 `` to interrogate them . 
 who is this dragon reborn ? 
 is he a man of temper , a man of passions ? 
 or is he a calm man , careful and cautious ? 
 was he the type to spend time alone in the fields , or did he make quick friends of the other youths ? 
 would you be more likely to find him in a tavern or a workshop ? '' 
 `` but you already know him , '' tesan piped in . 
 `` i do , '' egwene said , cracking the walnut . 
 `` but we were speaking of a hypothetical situation . '' 
 best you remember that in the real world , i know the dragon reborn personally . 
 as nobody else in this tower does . 
 `` let us assume that you are you , '' ferane said . 
 `` and that he is rand al ` thor , your childhood friend . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 `` tell me , '' ferane said , leaning forward . 
 `` of the types of men you listed just before , which best fits this rand al ` thor ? '' 
 egwene hesitated . 
 `` all of them , '' she said , dropping a fragmented walnut into a small bowl with others . 
 miyasi would n't touch it , but the other two were n't so picky . 
 `` if i were me and the dragon were rand , i 'd know him to be a rational person , for a man-if somewhat bullheaded at times . 
 well , most of the time . 
 more importantly , i 'd know him to be a good man at heart . 
 and so , my next step would be to send sisters to him to offer guidance . '' 
 `` and if he rejected them ? '' 
 ferane asked . 
 `` then i 'd send spies , '' egwene said , `` and watch to see if he has changed from the man i once knew . '' 
 `` and while you waited and spied , he would terrorize the countryside , wreaking havoc and bringing armies to his banner . '' 
 `` and is that not what we want him to do ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` i do n't believe he could have been prevented from taking callandor , should we have wanted him to be . 
 he has managed to restore order to cairhien , unite tear and illian beneath one ruler , and presumably has gained the favor of andor as well . '' 
 `` not to mention subjugating those aiel , '' miyasi said , reaching for a handful of nuts . 
 egwene caught her with a sharp gaze . 
 `` nobody subjugates the aiel . 
 rand gained their respect . 
 i was with him at the time . '' 
 miyasi froze , hand partway to the bowl of nutmeats . 
 she shook herself , breaking egwene 's gaze , grabbing the bowl and retreating back to her chair . 
 a cool breeze blew across the balcony , rustling the vines , which ferane had complained were not greening this spring like they should . 
 egwene returned to shelling walnuts . 
 `` it seems , '' ferane said , `` that you would simply let him sow chaos as he saw fit . '' 
 `` rand al ` thor is like a river , '' egwene said . 
 `` calm and placid when not agitated , but a furious and deadly current when squeezed too tightly . 
 what elaida did to him was the equivalent of trying to force the manetherendrelle through a canyon only two feet wide . 
 waiting to discover a man 's temperament is not foolish , nor is it a sign of weakness . 
 acting without information is lunacy , and the white tower deserved the tempest it riled up . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' ferane said . 
 `` but you have still not told me how you would deal with the situation , once your information was collected and the time for waiting had passed . '' 
 ferane was known for her temper , but at the moment her voice held the coldness common among whites . 
 it was the coldness of one who spoke without emotion , thinking about logic without tolerating outside influences . 
 it was not the best way to approach problems . 
 people were much more complex than a set of rules or numbers . 
 there was a time for logic , true , but there was also a time for emotion . 
 rand was a problem she had n't allowed herself to dwell on-she needed to deal with one problem at a time . 
 but there was also much to be said for planning ahead . 
 if she did n't consider how to deal with the dragon reborn , she 'd eventually find herself in as bad a situation as elaida . 
 he had changed from the man she had known . 
 and yet the seeds of personality within him must be the same . 
 she 'd seen his rage during their months traveling together into the aiel waste . 
 that had n't often come out during his childhood , but she could see now that it must have been lurking . 
 it was n't that he had suddenly developed a temper ; it was simply that nothing in the two rivers had upset him . 
 during the months she 'd traveled with him , he 'd seemed to harden with each step . 
 he was under extraordinary pressures . 
 how did one deal with such a man ? 
 she frankly had no idea . 
 but this conversation was n't about what to do with rand , not really . 
 it was about ferane trying to determine what kind of woman egwene was . 
 `` rand al ` thor sees himself as an emperor , '' egwene said . 
 `` and i suppose he is one , now . 
 he will react poorly if he thinks he is being pushed or shoved in any particular direction . 
 if i were to deal with him , i would send a delegation to honor him . '' 
 `` a lavish procession ? '' 
 ferane asked . 
 `` no , '' egwene said . 
 `` but not a threadbare one either . 
 a group of three aes sedai , led by a gray , accompanied by a green and a blue . 
 he views the blue favorably because of past associations , and greens are often perceived as the opposites to reds , a subtle indication that we are willing to work with him rather than gentle him . 
 a gray because it would be expected , but also because if a gray is sent , then it means negotiations , not armies , will follow . '' 
 `` good logic , '' tesan said , nodding . 
 ferane was not so easily convinced . 
 `` delegations like this one have failed in the past . 
 i believe that elaida 's own delegation was led by a gray . '' 
 `` yes , but elaida 's delegation was fundamentally flawed , '' egwene said . 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 `` why , because it was sent by a red , of course , '' egwene said , cracking a nut . 
 `` i have trouble seeing the logic in raising a member of the red ajah to amyrlin during the days of the dragon reborn . 
 does n't that seem destined to create animosity between him and the tower ? '' 
 `` one might say , '' ferane countered , `` that a red is needed during these troubled times , for the red are the most experienced at dealing with men who can channel . '' '' 
 ` dealing ' with is different from ` working ' with , '' egwene said . 
 `` the dragon reborn should not have been left to run free , but since when has the white tower been in the business of kidnapping and forcing people to our will ? 
 are we not known as the most subtle and careful of all people ? 
 do we not pride ourselves on being able to make others do as they should , all the while letting them think it was their idea ? 
 when in the past have we locked kings in boxes and beaten them for disobedience ? 
 why now - of all the times under the light-have we forsaken our fine practice and become simple footpads instead ? '' 
 ferane selected a walnut . 
 the other two whites were sharing an unsettled look . 
 `` there is sense in what you say , '' the sitter finally admitted . 
 egwene set aside the nutcracker . 
 `` rand al ` thor is a good man , in his heart , but he needs guidance . 
 these days are when we should have been at our most subtle . 
 he should have been led to trust aes sedai above all others , to rely on our counsel . 
 he should have been shown the wisdom in listening . 
 instead , he has been shown that we will treat him like an unruly child . 
 if he is one , he can not be allowed to think we regard him in such a way . 
 because of our bungling , he has taken some aes sedai captive , and has allowed still others to be bonded to those asha ` man of his . '' 
 ferane sat up stiffly . 
 `` best not to mention that atrocity . '' 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 tesan said , shocked , hand raised to her breast . 
 some whites never seemed to pay attention to the world around them . 
 `` ferane ? 
 did you know of this ? '' 
 ferane did n't respond . 
 `` i 've ... heard this rumor , '' said stout miyasi . 
 `` if it is true , then something must be done . '' 
 `` yes , '' egwene said . 
 `` unfortunately , we can not focus on al ` thor right now . '' 
 `` he is the greatest problem facing the world , '' pinch-faced tesan said , leaning forward . 
 `` we must deal with him first . '' 
 `` no , '' egwene said . 
 `` there are other issues . '' 
 miyasi frowned . 
 `` with the last battle impending , i ca n't see any other issues of importance . '' 
 egwene shook her head . 
 `` in dealing with rand now , we 'd be like a farmer , looking at his wagon and worrying that there are n't any goods in the bed for him to sell-but ignoring the fact that his axle is cracked . 
 fill the bed before it is time , and you 'll just break the wagon and be worse off than when you started . '' 
 `` and what , exactly , are you implying ? '' 
 tesan demanded . 
 egwene looked back at ferane . 
 `` i see , '' ferane said . 
 `` you are referring to the division in the white tower . '' 
 `` can a cracked stone be a good foundation for a building ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` can a frayed rope hold a panicky horse ? 
 how can we , in our current state , hope to manage the dragon reborn himself ? '' 
 ferane said , `` why , then , do you continue to enforce the division by insisting that you are the amyrlin seat ? 
 you defy your own logic . '' 
 `` and renouncing my claim on the amyrlin seat would mend the tower ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` it would help . '' 
 egwene raised an eyebrow . 
 `` let us assume , for a moment , that by renouncing my claim , i could persuade the rebel faction to rejoin the white tower and accept elaida 's leadership . '' 
 she raised the eyebrow further , indicating how likely she thought that was . 
 `` would the divisions be healed ? '' 
 `` you just said they would be , '' tesan said , frowning . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 egwene said . 
 `` would sisters stop scurrying through the hallways , frightened to be alone ? 
 would groups of women from different ajahs stop regarding each other with hostility when they pass in the hallways ? 
 with all due respect , would we no longer feel the need to wear our shawls at all times to reinforce who we are and where our allegiance is ? '' 
 ferane glanced down , briefly , at her white-fringed shawl . 
 egwene leaned forward , continuing . 
 `` surely you , of all women in the white tower , can see the importance of the ajahs working together . 
 we need women with different skills and interests to gather into ajahs . 
 but does it make sense for us to refuse to work together ? '' 
 `` the white has not caused this ... regrettable tension , '' miyasi said with a little snort . 
 `` the others acting with such abundance of emotion have created it . '' 
 `` the present leadership has caused it , '' egwene said , `` a leadership which teaches that it 's all right to still fellow sisters in secret , to execute warders before their aes sedai are even brought to trial . 
 that there 's nothing wrong with removing a sister 's shawl and reducing her to an accepted , that there 's nothing wrong with disbanding an entire ajah . 
 and what of acting without the counsel of the hall in something as dangerous as kidnapping and imprisoning the dragon reborn ? 
 is it unexpected that the sisters would be so frightened and worried ? 
 is it not all completely logical , what has happened to us ? '' 
 the three whites were quiet . 
 `` i will not submit , '' egwene said . 
 `` not while doing so leaves us fractured . 
 i will continue to assert that elaida is not the amyrlin . 
 her actions have proven it . 
 you want to help battle the dark one ? 
 well , your first step is not to deal with the dragon reborn . 
 your first step should be to reach out to sisters of the other ajahs . '' 
 `` why us ? '' 
 tesan said . 
 `` the actions of others are not our responsibility . '' 
 `` and you are not to blame at all ? '' 
 egwene asked , letting a little of her anger seep through . 
 would none of her sisters accept a modicum of responsibility ? 
 `` you , of the white , should have seen where this road would lead . 
 yes , siuan and the blue were not without their flaws-but you should have seen the flaw in pulling her down , then allowing elaida to disband the blue . 
 besides , i believe that several members of your own ajah were integral to the act of setting up elaida as amyrlin . '' 
 miyasi recoiled slightly . 
 the whites did not like to be reminded of alviarin and her failure as elaida 's keeper . 
 instead of turning against elaida for ousting the white , they seemed to have turned against their own member for the shame she had caused them . 
 `` i still think that this is work for the grays , '' tesan said , but she sounded less convinced than she had just moments before . 
 `` you should speak with them . '' 
 `` i have , '' egwene said . 
 her patience was beginning to fray . 
 `` some will not speak with me and continue to send me to penance . 
 others say these rifts are not their fault , but with some coaxing have agreed to do what they can . 
 the yellows have been very reasonable , and i think they 're beginning to see the problems in the tower as a wound to be healed . 
 i 'm still working with several brown sisters-they seem more fascinated by the problems than worried about them . 
 i 've sent several of them looking through the histories for examples of division , hoping they 'll run across the story of renala merlon . 
 the connection should be easy to make , and perhaps they will begin to see that our problems here can be solved . 
 `` the greens have , ironically , been the most stubborn . 
 they can be very like reds in many ways , which is infuriating as they really should be willing to accept me as one who would have been among them . 
 that only leaves the blue , who have been banished , and the red . 
 i doubt that sisters of that last ajah are going to be very receptive to my suggestions . '' 
 ferane sat back , thoughtful , and tesan sat with three forgotten walnuts in her hand , staring at egwene . 
 miyasi scratched at her iron-gray hair , eyes wide with surprise . 
 had egwene given away too much ? 
 aes sedai were remarkably like rand al ` thor ; they did not like to know when they were being maneuvered . 
 `` you are shocked , '' she said . 
 `` what , do you think i should simply sit-like most-and do nothing while the tower crumbles ? 
 this white dress has been forced upon me , and i do not accept what it represents , but i will use it . 
 a woman in novice white is one of the few who can pass from one ajah quarter to another these days . 
 someone has to work to mend the tower , and i am the best choice . 
 besides , it is my duty . '' 
 `` how very ... reasonable of you , '' ferane said , her ageless brow furrowed . 
 `` thank you , '' egwene said . 
 were they worried that she 'd overstepped her bounds ? 
 angered that she 'd been manipulating aes sedai ? 
 coldly determined to see her punished yet again ? 
 ferane leaned forward . 
 `` let us say that we wished to work toward mending the tower . 
 what path would you recommend ? '' 
 egwene felt a surge of excitement . 
 she 'd had nothing but setbacks during the last few days . 
 idiot greens ! 
 they would feel foolish indeed once she was accepted as amyrlin . 
 `` suana , of the yellow ajah , will soon be inviting you three to share a meal with her , '' egwene said . 
 at least , suana would make the offer , once egwene prodded her . 
 `` accept and take your meal in a public place , perhaps one of the tower gardens . 
 be seen enjoying one another 's company . 
 i will try to get a brown sister to invite you next . 
 let yourself be seen by the other sisters mixing among the ajahs . '' 
 `` simple enough , '' miyasi said . 
 `` very little effort required , but excellent potential for gain . '' 
 `` we shall see , '' ferane said . 
 `` you may withdraw , egwene . '' 
 she did n't like being dismissed so , but there was no helping it . 
 still , the woman had shown egwene respect by using her name . 
 egwene stood up , and then-very carefully-nodded her head to ferane . 
 though tesan and miyasi gave no strong reactions , both pairs of eyes widened slightly . 
 by now , it was well known in the tower that egwene never curtsied . 
 and , shockingly , ferane bowed her head , just a degree , returning the gesture . 
 `` should you decide to choose the white , egwene al ` vere , '' the woman said , `` know that you will find a welcome here . 
 your logic this day was remarkable for one so young . '' 
 egwene hid a smile . 
 just four days back , bennae nalsad had all but offered egwene a place in the brown , and egwene was still surprised at how vigilantly suana recommended the yellow to her . 
 almost they made her change her mind-but that was mostly her frustration with the green at the moment . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 `` but you must remember that the amyrlin must represent all ajahs . 
 our discussion was enjoyable , however . 
 i hope that you will allow me to join you again in the future . '' 
 with that , egwene withdrew , letting herself smile broadly as she nodded to ferane 's sturdy , bowlegged warder standing guard just inside the balcony . 
 her smile lasted right up until she left the white sector of the tower and found katerine waiting in the hallway . 
 the red was not one of the two assigned to egwene earlier in the day , and talk about the tower said that elaida was relying on katerine more and more now that her keeper had vanished on a mysterious mission . 
 katerine 's sharp face bore a smile of its own . 
 that was not a good sign . 
 `` here , '' the woman said , offering a wooden cup holding a clear liquid . 
 it was time for egwene 's afternoon dose of forkroot . 
 egwene grimaced , but took the cup and drank the contents . 
 she wiped her mouth with her handkerchief , then began to walk down the hallway . 
 `` and where are you going ? '' 
 katerine asked . 
 the smugness in her tone made egwene hesitate . 
 egwene turned , frowning . 
 `` my next lesson - '' `` you will have no further lessons , '' katerine said . 
 `` at least , not of the kind you have been receiving . 
 all agree that your skill with weaves is impressive , for a novice . '' 
 egwene frowned . 
 were they going to raise her to accepted again ? 
 she doubted that elaida would allow her any more freedom , and she rarely spent any time in her quarters , so the extra space would be unimportant . 
 `` no , '' katerine said , toying idly with the fringe on her shawl . 
 `` what you need to learn , it has been decided , is humility . 
 the amyrlin has heard of your foolish refusal to curtsy to sisters . 
 in her opinion , it 's the last symbol of your defiant nature , and so you are to receive a new form of instruction . '' 
 egwene felt a moment of fear . 
 `` what kind of instruction ? '' 
 she said , keeping her voice even . 
 `` chores and work , '' katerine said . 
 `` i already do chores , just like the novices . '' 
 `` you mistake me , '' katerine said . 
 `` from now on , all you will do is chores . 
 you are to report to the kitchens immediately-you will spend every afternoon working there . 
 in the evenings , you will scrub floors . 
 in the mornings you will report to the groundsmaster and work the gardens . 
 this will be your life , those same three activities every day-five hours at each one-until you give up your foolish pride and learn to curtsy to your betters . '' 
 it was an end to egwene 's freedom , what little she had . 
 there was glee in katerine 's eyes . 
 `` ah , so you understand , '' katerine said . 
 `` no more visiting sisters in their quarters , wasting their time as you practice weaves that you have already mastered . 
 no more laziness ; now you will work instead . 
 what think you of that ? '' 
 it was n't the difficulty of the work that worried egwene-she did n't mind the chores she did each day . 
 it was the lack of contact with other sisters that would ruin her . 
 how would she mend the white tower ? 
 light ! 
 it was a disaster . 
 she gritted her teeth and forced down her emotion . 
 she met katerine 's eyes , saying , `` very well . 
 let us go . '' 
 katerine blinked . 
 she 'd obviously expected a tantrum , or at least a fight . 
 but this was not the time . 
 egwene turned her step toward the kitchens , leaving the quarters of the whites behind . 
 she could n't let them know how effective this punishment was . 
 she forced down her panic as she walked , the cavernous hallways of the inner tower lined with bracketed lamps , long and sinuous , like the heads of serpents spouting tiny flames up toward the stone ceiling . 
 she could deal with this . 
 she would deal with this . 
 they would not break her . 
 perhaps she should work for a few days , then pretend that she had been humbled . 
 should she give the curtsy elaida demanded ? 
 it was a simple thing , really . 
 one curtsy , and she could go back to her more important duties . 
 no , she thought . 
 no , that would not be the end of it . 
 i 'd lose the moment i gave that first curtsy . 
 giving in would prove to elaida that egwene could be broken . 
 curtsying would begin a descent into destruction . 
 soon , elaida would decide that egwene needed to start using honorifics for the aes sedai . 
 the false amyrlin would send egwene back to work detail , knowing it had been effective before . 
 would egwene bend there too ? 
 how long before any credibility she had ended up forgotten , trampled into the tiles of the tower hallways ? 
 she could not bend . 
 the beatings had not changed her behavior ; work detail must not change her either . 
 three hours of working the kitchens did little to improve her mood . 
 laras , the hefty mistress of kitchens , had set egwene at scrubbing out one of the ovenlike fireplaces . 
 it was dirty , grimy work , not conducive to thinking . 
 not that there were many ways out of her situation . 
 egwene knelt back on her heels , raising an arm and wiping her brow . 
 the arm came away smeared with soot . 
 egwene sighed softly , her mouth and nose protected by a damp cloth to keep her from breathing too much ash . 
 her breath was hot and stuffy against her face , and her skin was sticky with sweat . 
 the drops that fell from her face were stained with black soot ; through the cloth she could smell the dull , crusty scent of ash that had been burned over and over and over again . 
 the fireplace was a large square construction of burned red bricks . 
 it was open on both sides and more than large enough to crawl into - which was exactly what egwene had to do . 
 dark crusts built up on the inside of the flue and chimney , and they needed to be scrubbed free lest they clog the chimney or break free and fall into the food . 
 outside in the dining room , egwene could hear katerine and lirene chatting and laughing with each other . 
 the reds periodically poked heads in to check on her , but her real supervisor was laras , who was scrubbing pots on the other side of the room . 
 egwene had changed into a work dress for the duty . 
 while it had once been white , it had been repeatedly used by novices cleaning the fireplaces , and the soot had been ground into the fibers . 
 patches of gray stained the cloth , like shadows . 
 she rubbed the small of her back , got back on her hands and knees , and crawled farther into the fireplace . 
 using a small wooden scrape , she worked clumps of ash free from seams between the bricks , then gathered it up and deposited it in brass buckets , the rims of which were powdered white and gray with ash . 
 her first task had been to dig out all of the loose soot and pile it into the buckets . 
 her hands were so blackened from the work she worried that the most furious scrubbing would n't get them clean . 
 her knees ached , and they seemed a strange counterpart to her backside , which still stung from her regular morning beating . 
 she continued , scratching with her scrape at a blackened section of brick , dimly lit by the lantern she 'd left burning in a corner inside the fireplace . 
 she itched to use the one power ; but the reds outside would sense her channeling , and she 'd discovered that her afternoon dose of forkroot had been uncharacteristically strong , leaving her unable to channel as much as a trickle . 
 in fact , it had been strong enough to leave her drowsy , which made the work even harder . 
 was this to be her life ? 
 trapped inside a fireplace , scrubbing at bricks nobody saw , locked away from the world ? 
 she could n't stand up to elaida if everyone forgot about her . 
 she coughed quietly , the sound echoing against the inside of the fireplace . 
 she needed a plan . 
 her only recourse seemed to be to use the sisters who were trying to root out the black ajah . 
 but how to visit them ? 
 without being trained by sisters , she had no way to escape her red handlers by entering the domains of other ajahs . 
 could she sneak away somehow while doing labor ? 
 if her absence were discovered , she 'd probably end up in an even worse situation . 
 but she could n't let her life be dominated by this menial labor ! 
 the last battle was approaching , the dragon reborn ran free , and the amyr-lin seat was on her hands and knees cleaning fireplaces ! 
 she gritted her teeth , scrubbing furiously . 
 the soot had been baked on for so long that it formed a glossy black patina on the stone . 
 she 'd never get it all off . 
 she just needed to make sure it was clean enough that none would break free . 
 reflected in that glossy patina , she saw a shadow move across the opening of the far side of the fireplace . 
 egwene immediately reached for the source-but , of course , she found nothing . 
 not with forkroot clouding her mind . 
 but there was definitely someone outside the fireplace , crouching down , moving quietly ... . 
 egwene gripped the scrape in one hand , slowly reaching down with the other to grab the brush she 'd been using to scoop up ash . 
 then she spun . 
 laras froze , peeking into the fireplace . 
 the mistress of kitchens wore a large white apron , stained with a few soot marks itself . 
 her pudgy round face had seen its share of winters ; her hair was starting to gray , and lines creased the sides of her eyes . 
 leaning over as she was , her jowls formed a second , third and fourth chin , and she gripped the side of the fireplace opening with a thick-fingered hand . 
 egwene relaxed . 
 why had she been so certain that someone had been sneaking up on her ? 
 it was just laras coming to check on her . 
 yet why had the woman moved so silently ? 
 laras glanced to the side , eyes narrowing . 
 then she raised a finger to her lips . 
 egwene felt herself tense again . 
 what was going on ? 
 laras backed out of the fireplace , waving for egwene to follow . 
 the mistress of kitchens moved on light feet , far quieter than egwene would have thought possible . 
 assistant cooks and scullions clanged away in other parts of the kitchen , but none were directly visible . 
 egwene crept free of the fireplace , tucking the scrape into her belt and wiping her hands on her dress . 
 she pulled the cloth free from her face , breathing sweet , soot-free air . 
 she took a deep breath , and received a harsh glare from laras , followed by another finger to the lips . 
 egwene nodded , following laras through the kitchens . 
 in a few moments she and egwene stood in a pantry , thick with the scent of dried grains and aging cheeses . 
 the tiles gave way to more durable brickwork here . 
 laras shoved aside a few sacks , then pulled open a piece of the floor . 
 it was a wooden trapdoor , capped with shaved brickwork on the top to make it seem part of the floor . 
 it revealed a small , rock-walled chamber underneath the pantry , large enough to hold a person , though a tall man would be cramped . 
 `` you wait here until night , '' laras said in a low voice . 
 `` i ca n't get you out right now , not with the tower fluttery as a yard full of hens when the fox is about . 
 but the garbage goes out late at night , and i 'll hide you among the girls who unload it . 
 a dockworker will take you to a small boat and row you across the river . 
 i have some friends among the guard ; they 'll turn the other way . 
 once you reach the other side , it 's up to you what you do . 
 i 'd advise against going back to those fools who made you their puppet . 
 find some place to lie low until this all blows over , then come back and see if whoever 's in charge will take you in . 
 is n't likely it will be elaida , the way things are going ... . '' 
 egwene blinked in surprise . 
 `` well , '' the heavyset woman said . 
 `` in you go . '' 
 `` no time for jabbering ! '' 
 laras said , as if she were n't the one doing all of the talking . 
 she was obviously nervous , the way she kept glancing about and tapping her foot . 
 but she 'd obviously also done this sort of thing before . 
 why was the simple cook in the white tower so skilled at sneaking , so handy with a plan to get egwene out of the fortified and besieged city ? 
 and why did she have a bolt-hole in the kitchens in the first place ? 
 light ! 
 how had she created it ? 
 `` do n't worry about me , '' laras said , eyeing egwene . 
 `` i can handle myself . 
 i 'll keep all of the kitchen servants away from where you were working . 
 those aes sedai only check on you every half-hour or so-and since they just checked a minute ago , it will be a while before they look in again . 
 when they do check , i can plead ignorance and everyone will assume you slipped out of the kitchens . 
 we 'll soon have you out of the city and nobody will be the wiser . '' 
 `` yes , '' egwene said , finally finding her tongue , `` but why ? '' 
 she had assumed that , after helping min and siuan , laras would n't be eager to help another fugitive . 
 laras looked back at her , in the woman 's eyes a determination as hard as any aes sedai 's . 
 egwene certainly had overlooked this woman ! 
 who was she really ? 
 `` i wo n't be a party to the breaking of a girl 's spirit , '' laras said sternly . 
 `` those beatings are shameful ! 
 fool aes sedai . 
 i 've served loyally these years , i have , but now they 've told me that you 're to be worked as hard as i can push you , indefinitely . 
 well , i can see when a girl has moved away from being instructed and into being beaten down . 
 i wo n't have it , not in my kitchens . 
 light burn elaida for thinking she could do such a thing ! 
 execute you or make you a novice , i do n't care . 
 but this breaking is unacceptable ! '' 
 the woman stood , setting hands on hips , a puff of flour rising from her apron . 
 oddly , egwene found herself considering the offer . 
 she 'd denied siuan s offer to save her , but if she fled now , she would return to the rebel camp having freed herself . 
 that would be far superior to being rescued . 
 she could get away from all this , away from the beatings , away from the drudgery . 
 to do what ? 
 to sit on the outside and watch the tower collapse ? 
 `` no , '' she said to laras . 
 `` your offer is very kind , but i ca n't take it . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 laras frowned . 
 `` now , you listen - '' `` laras , '' egwene interrupted , `` one does not take that tone with an aes sedai , no matter that one is the mistress of kitchens . '' 
 laras hesitated . 
 `` fool girl . 
 you ai n't aes sedai . '' 
 `` accept it or not , i still ca n't go . 
 unless you intend to try stuffing me into that hole yourself-gagging and tying me to keep me from crying out , followed by escorting me across the river in person-then i suggest letting me return to my work . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` because , '' egwene said , glancing back at the fireplace . 
 `` someone has to fight her . '' 
 `` you ca n't fight like this , '' laras said . 
 `` each day is a battle , '' egwene said . 
 `` each day i refuse to bend means something . 
 even if elaida and her reds are the only ones who know it , that 's something . 
 a small something , but more than i could do from the outside . 
 come . 
 i 've still got two hours of work left . '' 
 she turned and began to walk back toward the fireplace . 
 a reluctant laras closed the hatch on her hidden chamber , then joined her . 
 the woman made much more noise now as she walked , brushing against counters , her footfalls sounding on the bricks . 
 curious how she 'd been able to be so quiet when she wanted to . 
 a flash of red cloth , like the blood of a dead rabbit in the snow , moved through the kitchens . 
 egwene froze as katerine , wearing a dress with crimson skirts and yellow trim , spotted her . 
 the red 's mouth was thin-lipped , her eyes narrow . 
 had she seen egwene and laras walk off ? 
 laras froze . 
 `` i see now what i was doing wrong , '' egwene quickly said to the mistress of kitchens , eyeing a second hearth , which lay near where they had been standing in the pantry . 
 `` thank you for showing it to me . 
 i 'll be more careful now . '' 
 `` see that you are , '' laras said , shaking out of her shock . 
 `` otherwise , you 'll see what a real punishment is like , not those halfhearted paddlings the mistress of novices gives . 
 now back to work with you . '' 
 egwene nodded , hurrying back toward the fireplace . 
 katerine held up a hand to forestall her . 
 egwene 's heart thumped traitorously . 
 `` no need , '' katerine said . 
 `` the amyrlin has demanded that the novice attend her tonight at dinner . 
 i told the amyrlin that one day of work would hardly break someone as foolishly stubborn as this child , but she is insistent . 
 i guess you are to be given your first chance to prove your humility , child . 
 i suggest you take it . '' 
 egwene glanced down at her blackened hands and soiled dress . 
 `` go , run , '' katerine said . 
 `` wash up and clean yourself . 
 the amyrlin will not be kept waiting . '' 
 washing up proved to be nearly as difficult as cleaning the fireplace . 
 the soot had stained her hands much in the way it had the work dress . 
 egwene spent the better part of an hour washing in a tub full of lukewarm water , trying to make herself presentable . 
 her fingernails were ragged from scraping the bricks , and it seemed that each time she rinsed her hair , she washed out an entire bucket 's worth of soot flakes . 
 however , she was glad for the chance . 
 she rarely had much time for bathing ; usually she could not stop for more than a quick scrub . 
 as she rinsed and scrubbed in the small , gray-tiled bathing chamber , she considered her next step . 
 she had turned down the opportunity to flee . 
 that meant she had to work with elaida and her reds , the only sisters she saw . 
 but could they be made to see their errors ? 
 she wished she could send the whole lot of them for penance and be rid of them . 
 but no . 
 she was amyrlin ; she represented all ajahs , including the red . 
 she could n't treat them as elaida had treated the blues . 
 they were the most antagonistic toward her , but that meant a greater challenge . 
 she seemed to be making some headway with silviana , and had n't lirene doirellin admitted that elaida had made serious mistakes ? 
 maybe the reds were n't the only ones she could influence . 
 there were always chance meetings with other sisters in the hallways . 
 if one of them approached her to speak , the reds could n't very well tow her away . 
 they would show some decorum , and that would give egwene a chance to interact a bit with other sisters . 
 but how to treat elaida herself ? 
 was it wise to let the false amyrlin continue to think that egwene was nearly cowed ? 
 or was it time to make a stand ? 
 by the end of her bath , egwene felt a great deal cleaner and a great deal more confident . 
 her war had taken a serious turn for the worse , but she could still fight . 
 she ran a hurried brush through her wet hair , threw on a new novice dress-my , how good it felt to have the soft , clean fabric on her skin ! 
 - and left to join her handlers . 
 they escorted her up to the amyrlin 's chambers . 
 egwene passed several groups of sisters , and she held herself carefully erect for their benefit . 
 the handlers took her through the red sector of the tower , the tiles on the floor shifting to a pattern of red and charcoal . 
 there were more people walking about here , women in their shawls , servants bearing the flame of tar valon on their chests . 
 never any warders ; that always felt strange to egwene , since they were so common in other parts of the tower . 
 a long climb and a few twists later , they arrived at elaida 's quarters . 
 egwene checked her skirts unconsciously . 
 she had determined during the walk that she needed to approach elaida with silence , just as she had last time . 
 riling her further would only lead to more restrictions . 
 egwene would not debase herself , but neither would she go out of her way to insult elaida . 
 let the woman think as she wished . 
 a servant opened the door , leading egwene in , and into the dining chamber . 
 there , she was shocked by what she found . 
 she had assumed she 'd attend elaida alone , or maybe with meidani . 
 egwene had n't for a moment considered that the dining room would be filled with women . 
 there were five , one from each ajah save the red and the blue . 
 and each woman was a sitter . 
 yukiri was there , as was doesine , both from the clandestine hunters of the black ajah . 
 ferane was there , though she seemed surprised to see egwene ; had the white not known about this dinner earlier , or had she simply not mentioned it ? 
 rubinde , of the green ajah , sat beside shevan of the brown , a sister whom egwene had been wanting to meet . 
 shevan was one of those who supported negotiating with the rebel aes sedai , and egwene hoped to be able to nudge her more toward helping unify the white tower from within . 
 there was n't a red sister at the table other than elaida . 
 was that because the red sitters were all out of the tower ? 
 perhaps elaida thought the room balanced with her there , as she still thought of herself as red , although she was n't supposed to . 
 it was a long table , crystal goblets sparkling and reflecting light from the ornate bronze standlamps , running along the walls painted a rusty red-yellow in color . 
 each woman wore a fine gown in the color of her ajah . 
 the room smelled of succulent meats and steamed carrots . 
 the women chatted . 
 amicable , but forced . 
 tense . 
 they did n't want to be there . 
 across the room , doesine nodded to egwene , almost in respect . 
 it was an indication of something . 
 `` i 'm here because you said that this sort of thing was important , '' it seemed to say . 
 elaida sat at the head of the table , wearing a red dress with full sleeves , uncut garnets trimming them and the bodice , her face bearing a satisfied smile . 
 servants bustled back and forth , pouring wine and bringing food . 
 why had elaida called a dinner of sitters ? 
 was this an attempt to heal the rifts in the white tower ? 
 had egwene misjudged her ? 
 `` ah , good , '' elaida said , noticing egwene . 
 `` you 've finally arrived . 
 come here , child . '' 
 egwene did so , walking through the room , the last few sitters catching notice of her . 
 some seemed confused , others made curious , by her presence . 
 as she walked , egwene realized something . 
 this one evening could easily undo all that she 'd worked for . 
 if the aes sedai here saw her subserviently waiting on elaida , egwene would lose integrity in their eyes . 
 elaida had declared that egwene was cowed-but egwene had proven otherwise . 
 if she bent to elaida 's will here , even a little , it would be seen as proof . 
 light burn the woman ! 
 why had she invited so many of the women that egwene had been working to influence ? 
 was it simple happenstance ? 
 egwene joined the false amyrlin at the head of the table , and a servant handed her a crystal pitcher of glistening red wine . 
 `` you are to keep my cup full , '' elaida said . 
 `` wait there , but do n't come too close . 
 i 'd rather not have to smell the soot on you from your punishments this afternoon . '' 
 egwene clenched her jaw . 
 smell the soot ? 
 after an hour of scrubbing ? 
 doubtful . 
 from the side , she could see the satisfaction in elaida 's eyes as she sipped her wine . 
 then elaida turned to shevan , who sat in the chair to elaida 's right . 
 the brown was a lanky woman , with knobbed arms and an angular face , like a person made of gnarled sticks . 
 her eyes were thoughtful as she studied her hostess . 
 `` tell me , shevan , '' elaida said . 
 `` do you still insist on those foolish talks with the rebels ? '' 
 shevan responded . 
 `` the sisters must be given a chance to reconcile . '' 
 `` they 've had their chance , '' elaida said . 
 `` honestly , i expected more of a brown . 
 you 're behaving doggedly , without a whit of understanding how the real world works . 
 why , even meidani agrees with me , and she 's a gray ! 
 you know how they are . '' 
 shevan turned away , seeming more disturbed than before . 
 why did elaida invite them to dinner , if only to insult them and their ajahs ? 
 as egwene watched , the red turned her attention to ferane , and complained to her about rubinde , a sitter from the green who also resisted elaida 's efforts to end the talks . 
 as she spoke , she raised her cup to egwene , tapping it . 
 elaida had barely taken a few sips . 
 egwene ground her teeth , filling the cup . 
 the others had seen her do labor before-why , she 'd cracked walnuts for ferane . 
 this would n't ruin her reputation , not unless elaida forced her to abase herself somehow . 
 but what was the point of this dinner ? 
 elaida did n't seem to be making any attempt to bring the ajahs together . 
 if anything , she was prying those rifts wider , the way she was dismissing those who disagreed with her . 
 occasionally , she would have egwene refill her cup , but it never had room for more than a sip or two . 
 slowly , egwene began to understand . 
 this dinner was n't about working with the ajahs . 
 it was about bullying the sitters into doing as elaida felt they should . 
 and egwene was simply there to be shown off ! 
 this was all about proving to the others how much power elaida had-she could take someone that others had named amyrlin , put a novice dress on her and send her to penance every day . 
 egwene felt herself grow angry again . 
 why could elaida always stir her emotions ? 
 soup bowls were removed and plates of steamed , buttered carrots were brought , a hint of cinnamon striking the air . 
 egwene had not been given dinner , but she felt too sick to care about eating . 
 no , she thought , steeling herself . 
 / will not end this early , like last time . 
 i will endure . 
 i am stronger than elaida . 
 i 'm stronger than her madness . 
 the conversation continued , elaida making insulting comments to the others , sometimes with intent , sometimes with apparent unawareness . 
 the others steered the talk away from the rebels and toward the strangely overcast skies . 
 eventually , shevan mentioned a rumor about the seanchan working with aiel far to the south . 
 `` the seanchan again ? '' 
 elaida said with a sigh . 
 `` you need n't worry about them . '' 
 `` my sources say otherwise , mother , '' shevan said stiffly . 
 `` i think we need to pay close attention to what they are doing . 
 i have had some sisters ask this child about her experience with them , which has been extensive . 
 you should hear the things they do to aes sedai . '' 
 elaida laughed a tinkling , melodic laugh . 
 `` surely you know how the child is prone to exaggerate ! '' 
 she glanced at egwene . 
 `` have you been spreading lies for your friend , the fool al ` thor ? 
 what did he tell you to say about these invaders ? 
 they are working for him , are they not ? '' 
 egwene did n't respond . 
 `` speak , '' elaida said , gesturing with her cup . 
 `` tell these women you have been speaking lies . 
 confess or i 'll have you in penance again , girl . '' 
 the penance she would take for not speaking would be better than suffering elaida 's rage at contradicting her . 
 silence was the path to victory . 
 and yet , as egwene glanced down the long mahogany table , set with bright white sea folk porcelain and flickering red candles , she saw five pairs of eyes studying her . 
 she could see their questions . 
 egwene had spoken boldly to them when alone , but would she hold to her assertions now , faced by the most powerful woman in the world ? 
 a woman who held egwene 's life in her hands ? 
 was egwene the amyrlin ? 
 or was she just a girl who liked to pretend ? 
 light hum you , elaida , she thought , gritting her teeth , seeing that she had been wrong . 
 silence would n't lead to victory , not in front of these women . 
 you are not going to like how this proceeds . 
 `` the seanchan are not working for rand , '' egwene said . 
 `` and they are a severe danger to the white tower . 
 i have spread no lies . 
 to say otherwise would be to betray the three oaths . '' 
 `` you have n't taken the three oaths , '' elaida said sternly , turning toward her . 
 `` i have , '' egwene said . 
 `` i 've held no oath rod , but it is n't the rod that makes my words true . 
 i have spoken the words of the oaths in my heart , and to me they are more dear , for i have nothing forcing me to hold to them . 
 and by that oath holding me , i tell you again . 
 i am a dreamer , and i have dreamed that the seanchan will attack the white tower . '' 
 elaida 's eyes flared for a moment , and she gripped her fork until her knuckles whitened . 
 egwene held her eyes , and finally elaida laughed again . 
 `` ah , stubborn as ever , i see . 
 i shall have to tell katerine that she was right . 
 you 'll have penance for your exaggerations , child . '' 
 `` these women know i do n't speak lies , '' egwene said calmly . 
 `` and each time you insist that i do , you lower yourself in their eyes . 
 even if you disbelieve my dream , you must admit that the seanchan are a threat . 
 they leash women who can channel , using them as weapons with a kind of twisted ter ` angreal . 
 i have felt the collar on my neck . 
 i still feel it , sometimes . 
 in my dreams . 
 my nightmares . '' 
 the room fell still . 
 `` you are a foolish child , '' elaida said , obviously trying to pretend that egwene was no threat . 
 she should have turned to look at the eyes of the others . 
 if she had , she 'd have seen the truth . 
 `` well , you have forced my hand . 
 you will kneel before me , child , and beg forgiveness . 
 right now . 
 otherwise , i will lock you away alone . 
 is that what you want ? 
 do n't think that the beatings will stop , however . 
 you 'll still get your daily penance , you 'll just be thrown back into your cell after each one . 
 now , kneel and beg forgiveness . '' 
 the sitters glanced at one another . 
 there was no backing down now . 
 egwene wished it had n't come to this . 
 but it had , and elaida had demanded a fight . 
 it was time to give her one . 
 `` and if i do not bow before you ? '' 
 egwene asked , meeting the woman 's eyes . 
 `` what then ? '' 
 `` you will kneel , one way or another , '' elaida growled , embracing the source . 
 `` you 'll use the power on me ? '' 
 egwene asked calmly . 
 `` do you have to resort to that ? 
 have you no authority without channeling ? '' 
 elaida paused . 
 `` it is within my rights to discipline one who is n't showing proper respect . '' 
 `` and so you will make me obey , '' egwene said . 
 `` is this what you will do to everyone in the tower , elaida ? 
 an ajah opposes you , and it is disbanded . 
 someone displeases you , and you try to destroy her right to be aes sedai . 
 you will have every sister bowing down before you by the end of this . '' 
 `` nonsense ! '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` and have you told them about your idea for a new oath ? 
 sworn on the oath rod by every sister , an oath to obey the amyrlin and support her ? '' 
 `` deny it , '' egwene said . 
 `` deny that you made the statement . 
 will the oaths let you ? '' 
 elaida froze . 
 if she were black , she could deny it , oath rod or not . 
 but either way , meidani could substantiate what egwene had said . 
 `` it was idle talk , '' elaida said . 
 `` just speculation , thoughts spoken out loud . '' 
 `` there is often truth in speculation , '' egwene said . 
 `` you locked the dragon reborn himself in a box ; you just threatened to do the same to me , in front of all of these witnesses . 
 people call him a tyrant , but you are the one destroying our laws and ruling by fear . '' 
 elaida 's eyes opened wide , her anger visible . 
 she seemed ... shocked . 
 as if she could n't understand how she 'd gone from disciplining an unruly novice into debating an equal . 
 egwene saw the woman begin to weave a thread of air . 
 that had to be stopped . 
 a gag of air would end this debate . 
 `` go ahead , '' egwene said calmly . 
 `` use the power to silence me . 
 as amyrlin , should n't you be able to talk an opponent into obedience , rather than resorting to force ? '' 
 out of the corner of her eye , egwene saw diminutive yukiri , of the gray , nod at that comment . 
 elaida 's eyes flared in anger as she dropped the thread of air . 
 `` i do n't need to rebut a mere novice , '' elaida snapped . 
 `` the amyrlin does n't explain herself to one such as you . '' '' 
 ` the amyrlin understands the most complex of creeds and debates , ' '' egwene said , quoting from memory . '' 
 ` yet in the end , she is the servant of all , even the lowest of laborers . ' '' 
 that had been said by bal-ladare arandaille , the first amyrlin to be raised from the brown ajah . 
 she 'd used the words in her last writings before her death ; those writings had been an explanation of her reign and what she had done during the kavarthen wars . 
 arandaille had felt that once a crisis was passed , it was the moral duty of an amyrlin to explain herself to the common people . 
 sitting beside elaida , shevan nodded appreciatively . 
 the quote was somewhat obscure ; egwene blessed siuan 's quiet training in the wisdom of the former amyrlins . 
 much of what she 'd said had come from the secret histories , but there had been a number of nuggets from women such as balladare as well . 
 `` what is this nonsense you 're sputtering ? '' 
 elaida spat . 
 `` what did you intend to do with rand al ` thor once you captured him ? '' 
 egwene said , ignoring the comment . 
 `` i do n't - '' `` you 're not answering me '' egwene said , nodding to the table of women , `` but them . 
 have you explained yourself , elaida ? 
 what were your plans ? 
 or will you dodge this question just as you have the others i 've asked ? '' 
 elaida 's face was turning red , but she calmed herself with some effort . 
 `` i would have kept him secure , and well shielded , here in the tower until it was time for the last battle . 
 that would have prevented him from causing the suffering and chaos he 's created in many nations . 
 it was worth the risk of angering him . '' '' 
 ` as the plow breaks the earth shall he break the lives of men , and all that was shall be consumed in the fire of his eyes , ' '' egwene said . '' 
 ` the trumpets of war shall sound at his footsteps , the ravens feed at his voice , and he shall wear a crown of swords . ' '' 
 elaida frowned , taken aback . 
 `` the karaethon cycle , elaida , '' egwene said . 
 `` when you had rand locked away to be kept ` secure , ' had he yet taken illian ? 
 had he yet worn what he was to name the crown of swords ? '' 
 `` well , no . '' 
 `` and how did you expect him to fulfill the prophecies if he was hidden away in the white tower ? '' 
 egwene said . 
 `` how was he to cause war , as the prophecies say he must ? 
 how was he to break the nations and bind them to him ? 
 how could he ` slay his people with the sword of peace ' or ` bind the nine moons to serve him ' if he was locked away ? 
 do the prophecies say that he will be ` unfettered ' ? 
 do they not speak of the ` chaos of his passing ? ' 
 how can anything pass at all if he is kept in chains ? '' 
 `` i ___ '' `` your logic is astounding , elaida , '' egwene said coldly . 
 at that , fer-ane smiled slyly ; she was probably thinking yet again that egwene would fit well in the white ajah . 
 `` bah , '' elaida said , `` you ask meaningless questions . 
 the prophecies would have to have been fulfilled . 
 there was no other way . '' 
 `` so you 're saying that your attempt to bind him was destined to fail . '' 
 `` no , not at all , '' elaida said , red-faced again . 
 `` we should n't be bothering with this-it 's not for you to decide upon . 
 no , we should be talking about your rebels , and what they 've done to the white tower ! '' 
 a good turn of the conversation , an attempt to put egwene on the defensive . 
 elaida was n't completely incompetent . 
 just arrogant . 
 `` i see them trying to heal the rift between us , '' egwene said . 
 `` we can not change what has happened . 
 we ca n't change what you did to siuan , even if those with me did discover a method of healing her stilling . 
 we can only move forward and try our best to smooth the scars . 
 what are you doing , elaida ? 
 refusing talks , trying to bully the sitters into withdrawing ? 
 insulting ajahs that are not your own ? '' 
 doesine , of the yellow , gave a quiet murmur of agreement . 
 that drew elaida 's eyes , and she fell silent for a moment , as if realizing that she had lost control of the debate . 
 `` enough of this . '' 
 `` coward , '' egwene said . 
 elaida 's eyes flared wide . 
 `` how dare you ! '' 
 `` i dare the truth , elaida , '' egwene said quietly . 
 `` you are a coward and a tyrant . 
 i 'd name you darkfriend as well , but i suspect that the dark one would perhaps be embarrassed to associate with you . '' 
 elaida screeched , weaving in a flash of power , slamming egwene back against the wall , toppling the pitcher of wine from her hands . 
 it shattered on a patch of wooden floor beside the rug , throwing a spray of bloodlike liquid across the table and half of its occupants , staining the white tablecloth with a smear of red . 
 `` you name me darkfriend ? '' 
 elaida screamed . 
 `` you are the darkfriend . 
 you and those rebels outside , who seek to distract me from doing what must be done . '' 
 a blast of woven air slammed egwene against the wall again , and she dropped to the ground , hitting shards of the broken pitcher that sliced open her arms . 
 a dozen switches beat her , ripping her clothing . 
 blood seeped from her arms , and it began to splash into the air , smirching the wall as elaida beat her . 
 `` elaida , stop it ! '' 
 rubinde said , standing , green dress swishing . 
 `` are you mad ? '' 
 elaida turned , panting . 
 `` do not tempt me , green ! '' 
 the switches continuing to beat egwene . 
 she bore it silently . 
 with effort , she stood up . 
 she could feel her face and arms swelling already . 
 but she maintained a calm gaze at elaida . 
 `` elaida ! '' 
 ferane yelled , standing . 
 `` you violate tower law ! 
 you can not use the power to punish an initiate ! '' 
 `` i am tower law ! '' 
 elaida raved . 
 she pointed at the sisters . 
 `` you mock me . 
 i know you do it . 
 behind my back . 
 you show me deference when you see me , but i know what you say , what you whisper . 
 you ungrateful fools ! 
 after what i 've done for you ! 
 do you think i 'll suffer you forever ? 
 take this one as an example ! '' 
 she spun , pointing at egwene , then stumbled back in shock to find egwene calmly watching her . 
 elaida gasped softly , raising a hand to her breast as the switches beat . 
 they could all see the weaves , and they could all see that egwene did not scream , although her mouth was not gagged with air . 
 her arms dripped blood , her body was beaten before them , and yet she found no reason to scream . 
 instead , she quietly blessed the aiel wise ones for their wisdom . 
 `` and what , '' egwene said evenly , `` am i to be an example of , elaida ? '' 
 the beating continued . 
 oh , how it hurt ! 
 tears formed in the corners of egwene 's eyes , but she had felt worse . 
 far worse . 
 she felt it each time she thought of what this woman was doing to the institution she loved . 
 her true pain was not from the wounds , but from how elaida had acted before the sitters . 
 `` by the light , '' rubinde whispered . 
 `` i wish i were n't needed here , elaida , '' egwene said softly . 
 `` i wish that the tower had a grand amyrlin in you . 
 i wish i could step down and accept your rule . 
 i wish you deserved it . 
 i would willingly accept execution , if it would mean leaving a competent amyrlin . 
 the white tower is more important than i am . 
 can you say the same ? '' 
 `` you want execution ! '' 
 elaida bellowed , recovering her tongue . 
 `` well , you shall not have it ! 
 death is too good for you , darkfriend ! 
 i shall see you beaten-everyone shall see you beaten-until i am through with you . 
 only then will you die ! '' 
 she turned to the servants , who stood , gaping , at the sides of the room . 
 `` send for soldiers ! 
 i want this one cast into the deepest cell this tower can provide ! 
 let it be voiced through the city that egwene al ` vere is a darkfriend who has rejected the amyrlin 's grace ! '' 
 servants ran to do as she demanded . 
 the switches continued to beat , but egwene was growing numb . 
 she closed her eyes , feeling faint-she had lost much blood from her left arm , which bore the deepest of her gashes . 
 it had come to a head , as she 'd feared that it would . 
 she had cast her lot . 
 but she did n't fear for her life . 
 instead , she feared for the white tower . 
 as she leaned back against the wall , thoughts fading , she was overcome with sorrow . 
 her battle from within the tower was at an end , one way or another . 
 chapter 17 questions of control you should be more careful , '' sarene said from inside the room . 
 `` the amyrlin seat , we have much influence with her . 
 your punishments , we may be able to persuade her to lessen them , if you are helpful . '' 
 semirhage 's sniff of disdain was quite audible to cadsuane , listening from the hallway outside the interrogation room , sitting in a comfortable log chair . 
 cadsuane sipped at a cup of warm sweatleaf . 
 the hallway was of simple wood , carpeted with a long maroon and white rug , prismlike lamps on the walls flickering with light . 
 there were several others in the hallway with her-daigian , erian , elza-whose turn it was to maintain semirhage 's shield . 
 aside from cadsuane , each aes sedai in the camp took turns . 
 it was too dangerous to risk forcing the duty only on the aes sedai of lesser stature , lest they grow weary . 
 the shield had to remain strong . 
 light only knew what would happen if semirhage got free . 
 cadsuane sipped her tea , her back to the wall . 
 al ` thor had insisted that `` his '' aes sedai be allowed opportunities to interrogate semirhage , instead of just those cadsuane had chosen . 
 she was n't certain if this was some attempt at asserting his authority or if he genuinely thought that they might succeed where she-so far-had failed . 
 anyway , that was why sarene was doing the questioning today . 
 the taraboner white was a thoughtful person , completely unaware that she was one of the most beautiful women to gain the shawl in years . 
 her nonchalance was not unexpected , as she was of the white ajah , who could often be as oblivious as browns . 
 sarene also did n't know that cadsuane was outside eavesdropping , through the use of a small weave of spirit . 
 it was a simple trick , one often learned by novices . 
 mixing it with this newly found trick of inverting one 's weaves meant that cadsuane could listen in without anyone inside knowing that she was there . 
 the aes sedai outside saw what she was doing , of course , but none said anything . 
 even though two of them-elza and erian-were among the group of fools who had sworn fealty to the al ` thor boy , they stepped lightly around her ; they knew how she regarded them . 
 idiot women . 
 at times , it seemed that half of her allies were only determined to make her job harder . 
 sarene continued her interrogation inside . 
 most of the aes sedai in the manor had now given questioning a try . 
 brown , green , white and yellow-all had failed . 
 cadsuane herself had yet to address any questions to the forsaken personally . 
 the other aes sedai looked at her as an almost mythic figure , a reputation she had nurtured . 
 she 'd stayed away from the white tower for many decades at a time , ensuring that many would assume she was dead . 
 when she reappeared , it made a stir . 
 she 'd gone hunting false dragons , both because it was necessary and because each man she captured added to her reputation with the other aes sedai . 
 all of her work pointed at these final days . 
 light blind her if she was going to let that al ` thor boy ruin it all now ! 
 she covered her scowl by taking a sip of her tea . 
 she was slowly losing control , thread by thread . 
 once , something as dramatic as the squabbles at the white tower would have drawn her immediate attention . 
 but she could n't begin to work on that problem . 
 creation itself was unraveling , and her only way to fight that was to turn all her efforts on al ` thor . 
 and he resisted her every attempt to aid him . 
 step by step he was becoming a man with insides like stone , unmoving and unable to adapt . 
 a statue with no feelings could not face the dark one . 
 blasted boy ! 
 and now there was semirhage , continuing to defy her . 
 cadsuane itched to go in and confront the woman , but merise had asked the very questions cadsuane would have , and she had failed . 
 how long would cadsuane 's image remain intact if she proved herself as impotent as the others ? 
 sarene began to talk again . 
 `` the aes sedai , you should not treat them so , '' sarene said , voice calm . 
 `` aes sedai ? '' 
 semirhage responded , chuckling . 
 `` do n't you feel ashamed , using that term to describe yourselves ? 
 like a puppy calling itself a wolf ! '' 
 `` we may not know everything , i admit , but - '' `` you know nothing , '' semirhage replied . 
 `` you are children playing with your parents ' toys . '' 
 cadsuane tapped the side of her tea cup with her index finger . 
 again , she was struck by the similarities between herself and semirhage-and again , those similarities made her insides itch . 
 out of the corner of her eye , she saw a slender serving woman climb the steps carrying a plate of beans and steamed radishes for semirhage 's midday meal . 
 time already ? 
 sarene had been interrogating the forsaken for three hours , and she had been talked neatly in circles the entire time . 
 the serving woman approached and cadsuane waved for her to enter . 
 a moment later , the tray crashed to the floor . 
 at the sound , cadsuane leaped to her feet , embracing saidar , quite nearly rushing into the room . 
 semirhage 's voice made cadsuane hesitate . 
 `` i will not eat that , '' the forsaken said , in control , as always . 
 `` i have grown tired of your swill . 
 you will bring me something appropriate . '' 
 `` if we do , '' sarene 's voice said , obviously snatching for any advantage , `` will you answer our questions ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' semirhage replied . 
 `` we shall see if it fits my mood . '' 
 there was silence , cadsuane glanced at the other women in the hall , all of whom had leaped to their feet at the sound , although they could n't hear the voices . 
 she motioned them to sit down . 
 `` go and fetch her something else , '' sarene said , speaking inside the room to the serving woman . 
 `` and send someone to clean this up . '' 
 the door opened , then shut quickly as the servant hurried away . 
 sarene continued , `` this next question , it will determine if you actually get to eat that meal or not . '' 
 despite the firm voice , cadsuane could hear a quickness to sarene 's words . 
 the sudden drop of the tray of food had startled her . 
 they were all so jumpy around the forsaken . 
 they were n't deferential , but they did treat semirhage with a measure of respect . 
 how could they not ? 
 she was a legend . 
 one did not enter the presence of such a creature-one of the most evil beings ever to live-and not feel at least a measure of awe . 
 measure of awe ... . 
 `` that 's our mistake , '' cadsuane whispered . 
 she blinked , then turned and opened the door into the room . 
 semirhage stood in the center of the small chamber . 
 she had been retied in air , the weaves likely woven the moment that she 'd dropped her tray . 
 the brass platter lay discarded , the beans soaking juice into the aged wooden boards . 
 this room had no window ; it had been a storage chamber at one point , converted into a `` cell '' to hold the forsaken . 
 sarene-dark hair in beaded braids , beautiful face surprised at the intrusion-sat in a chair before semirhage . 
 her warder , vitalien , broad-shouldered and ashen-faced , stood in the corner . 
 semirhage 's head was not bound , and her eyes nicked toward cadsuane . 
 cadsuane had committed herself ; she had to confront the woman now . 
 fortunately , what she planned did n't require much delicacy . 
 it all came back to a single question . 
 how would cadsuane break herself ? 
 the solution was easy , now that it occurred to her . 
 `` ah , '' cadsuane said with a no-nonsense attitude . 
 `` i see that the child has refused her meal . 
 sarene , release your weaves . '' 
 semirhage raised her eyebrows and opened her mouth to scoff , but as sarene released her weaves of air , cadsuane grabbed semirhage by the hair and-with a casual sweep of her foot-knocked the woman 's legs out from beneath her , dropping her to the floor . 
 perhaps she could have used the power , but it felt right to use her hands for this . 
 she prepared a few weaves , though she probably would n't need them . 
 semirhage , though tall , was a woman of willowy build , and cadsuane herself had always been more stout than she was slim . 
 plus , the forsaken seemed utterly dumbfounded at how she was being treated . 
 cadsuane knelt down with one knee on the woman 's back , then shoved her face forward into the spilled food . 
 `` eat , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't approve of wasted food , child , particularly during these times . '' 
 semirhage sputtered , releasing a few phrases that cadsuane could only assume were oaths , though she did n't recognize any of them . 
 the meanings were likely lost in time . 
 soon , the oaths subsided and semirhage grew still . 
 she did n't fight back . 
 cadsuane would n't have either ; that would only hurt her image . 
 semirhage 's power as a captive came from the fear and respect that the aes sedai gave her . 
 cadsuane needed to change that . 
 `` your chair , please , '' she said to sarene . 
 the white stood , looking shocked . 
 they had tried all measure of torture available to them under al ` thor 's requirements , but each of those had betrayed esteem . 
 they were treating semirhage as a dangerous force and a worthy enemy . 
 that would only bolster her ego . 
 `` are you going to eat ? '' 
 cadsuane asked . 
 `` i will kill you , '' semirhage said calmly . 
 `` first , before all of the others . 
 i will make them listen to you scream . '' 
 `` i see , '' cadsuane replied . 
 `` sarene , go tell the three sisters outside to come in . '' 
 cadsuane paused , thoughtful . 
 `` also , i saw some maids cleaning rooms on the other side of the hallway . 
 fetch them for me as well . '' 
 sarene nodded , rushing from the room . 
 cadsuane sat in the chair , then wove threads of air and picked semirhage up . 
 elza and erian glanced into the room , looking very curious . 
 then they entered , sarene following . 
 a few moments later , daigian entered with five servants : three domani women in aprons , one spindly man , his fingers brown with stain from re-coating logs , and a single serving boy . 
 excellent . 
 as they entered , cadsuane used her threads of air to turn semirhage around across her knee . 
 and then she proceeded to spank the forsaken . 
 semirhage held out at first . 
 then she began to curse . 
 then she began to sputter out threats . 
 cadsuane continued , her hand beginning to hurt . 
 semirhage 's threats turned to howls of outrage and pain . 
 the serving girl with the food returned in the middle of it , adding even more to semirhage 's shame . 
 the aes sedai watched with slack jaws . 
 `` now , '' cadsuane said after a few moments , breaking into one of semirhage 's howls of pain . 
 `` will you eat ? '' 
 `` i 'll find everyone you 've ever loved , '' the forsaken said , tears in her eyes , `` i 'll feed them to each other while you watch . 
 i 'll - '' cadsuane `` tsk `` ed and began again . 
 the crowd in the room watched in amazed silence . 
 semirhage began to cry-not from the pain , but from the humiliation . 
 that was the key . 
 semirhage could not be defeated by pain or by persuasion-but destroying her image , that would be more terrible in her mind than any other punishment . 
 just as it would have been for cadsuane . 
 cadsuane stilled her hand after a few more minutes , releasing the weaves that held semirhage motionless . 
 `` will you eat ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i - '' cadsuane raised her hand , and semirhage practically leaped off of her lap and scrambled onto the floor , eating the beans . 
 `` she is a person , '' cadsuane said , looking at the others . 
 `` just a person , like any of us . 
 she has secrets , but any young boy can have a secret that he refuses to tell . 
 remember that . '' 
 cadsuane stood and walked to the door . 
 she hesitated beside sarene , who watched with fascination as the forsaken ate beans off of the floor . 
 `` you may want to begin carrying a hairbrush with you , '' cadsuane added . 
 `` that can be quite hard on your hands . '' 
 sarene smiled . 
 `` yes , cadsuane sedai . '' 
 now , cadsuane thought , leaving the room , what to do about al ` thor ? 
 `` my lord , '' grady said , rubbing his weathered face , `` i do n't think you understand . '' 
 `` then explain it to me , '' perrin said . 
 he stood on a hillside , looking down over the huge gathering of refugees and soldiers . 
 mismatched tents of many different designs-tan , single-peaked aiel structures ; colorful large cairhienin ones ; two-tipped tents of basic design-sprang up as the people prepared for the night . 
 the shaido aiel , as hoped , had not given chase . 
 they had let perrin 's army withdraw , though his scouts said that they had now moved in to investigate the city . 
 either way , it meant perrin had time . 
 time to rest , time to limp away , time-he 'd hoped-to use gateways to transport away most of these refugees . 
 light , but it was a big group . 
 thousands upon thousands of people , a nightmare to coordinate and administer to . 
 his last few days had been filled with an endless stream of complaints , objections , judgments and papers . 
 where did balwer find so much paper ? 
 it seemed to satisfy many of the people who came to perrin . 
 judgments and the settlement of disputes seemed so much more official to them when a piece of paper outlined them . 
 balwer said perrin would need a seal . 
 the work had been distracting , which was good . 
 but perrin knew he could n't push aside his problems for long . 
 rand pulled him northward . 
 perrin had to march for the last battle . 
 nothing else mattered . 
 and yet , that very single-mindedness in him-ignoring everything but his objective-had been the source of much trouble during his hunt for faile . 
 he had to find a balance , somehow . 
 he needed to decide for himself if he wanted to lead these people . 
 he needed to make peace with the wolf inside himself , the beast that raged when he went into battle . 
 but before he could do any of that , he needed to get the refugees home . 
 that was proving a problem . 
 `` you 've had time to rest now , grady , '' perrin said . 
 `` the fatigue is only one part of it , my lord , '' grady said . 
 `` though , honestly , i still feel as if i could sleep a week 's time . '' 
 he did look tired . 
 grady was a stalwart man , with the face of a farmer and the temperament of one , too . 
 perrin would trust this man to do his duty before most lords he 'd known . 
 but grady could be pushed only so far . 
 what did it do to a man , to have to channel so much ? 
 grady had bags beneath his eyes , and his face was pale despite his tanned skin . 
 though he was still a young man , he 'd started to go gray . 
 light , but i used this man too hard , perrin thought . 
 him and neald both . 
 that had been another effect of perrin 's single-mindedness , as he was beginning to see . 
 what he 'd done to aram , how he 'd allowed those around him to go without leadership ... . 
 / have to fix this . 
 i have to find a way to deal with it all . 
 if he did n't , he might not get to the last battle . 
 `` here 's the thing , my lord . '' 
 grady rubbed his chin again , surveying the camp . 
 the various contingents-mayeners , alliandre 's guard , the two rivers men , the aiel , the refugees from various cities-all camped separately , in their own rings . 
 `` there are some hundred thousand people who need to get home . 
 the ones that will leave , anyway . 
 many say they feel safer here , with you . '' 
 `` they can give over wanting that , '' perrin said . 
 `` they belong with their families . '' 
 `` and the ones whose families are in seanchan lands ? '' 
 grady shrugged . 
 `` before the invaders came , many of these people would be happy to return . 
 but now ... well , they keep talking about staying where there 's food and protection . '' 
 `` we can still send the ones who want to go , '' perrin said . 
 `` we 'll travel lighter without them . '' 
 grady shook his head . 
 `` that 's the thing , my lord . 
 your man , balwer , he gave us a count . 
 i can make a gateway big enough for about two men to walk through at once . 
 if you figure them taking one second to go through ... well , it would take hours and hours to send them all . 
 i do n't know the number , but he claimed it would be days ' worth of work . 
 and he said that his estimates were probably too optimistic . 
 my lord , i could barely keep a gateway open an hour , with how tired i am . '' 
 perrin gritted his teeth . 
 he 'd have to get those numbers from balwer himself , but he had a sinking feeling that balwer would be right . 
 `` we 'll keep marching , then , '' perrin said . 
 `` moving north . 
 each day , we 'll have you and neald make gateways and return some of the people to their homes . 
 but do n't tire yourselves . '' 
 grady nodded , eyes hollow from fatigue . 
 perhaps it would be best to wait a few more days before starting the process . 
 perrin nodded a dismissal to the dedicated , and grady jogged back down into camp . 
 perrin remained on the hillside , inspecting the various sections of the camp as the people prepared for the evening meal . 
 the wagons sat at the center of the camp , laden with food that-he feared-would run out before he could reach andor . 
 or should he go around to cairhien ? 
 that was where he had last seen rand , though his visions of the man made it seem he was n't in either country . 
 he doubted the queen of andor would welcome him with open arms , after the rumors about him and that blasted red eagle banner . 
 perrin left that problem alone for the moment . 
 the camp seemed to be settling in . 
 each ring of tents sent representatives to the central food depot to claim their evening rations . 
 each group was in charge of its own meals ; perrin just oversaw the distribution of materials . 
 he made out the quartermaster-a cairhienin named bavin rockshaw-standing on the back of a wagon , dealing with each representative in turn . 
 satisfied with his inspection , perrin walked down into the camp , passing through the cairhienin tents on the way to his own tents , which were with the two rivers men . 
 he took his enhanced senses for granted , now . 
 they had come along with the yellowing of his eyes . 
 most people around him did n't seem to notice those anymore , but he was starkly reminded of the contrast when he met anyone new . 
 many of the cairhienin refugees , for instance , paused in their labors setting up tents . 
 they watched him as he passed , whispering , `` goldeneyes . '' 
 he did n't much care for the name . 
 aybara was the name of his family , and he bore it proudly . 
 he was one of the few who could pass it on . 
 trollocs had seen to that . 
 he shot a glance at a nearby group of the refugees , and they hastily turned back to pounding in tent stakes . 
 as they did , perrin passed a couple of two rivers men-tod al ` caar and jori congar . 
 they saw him and saluted , fists to hearts . 
 to them , perrin goldeneyes was n't a person to fear , but one to respect , although they did still whisper about that night he 'd spent in berelain 's tent . 
 perrin wished he could escape the shadow of that event . 
 the men were still enthusiastic and energized by their defeat of the shaido , but it had n't been too long ago that perrin had felt he was n't welcome among them . 
 still , for the moment , these two seemed to have set aside that displeasure . 
 instead , they saluted . 
 had they forgotten that perrin had grown up with them ? 
 what of the times when jori had made sport of perrin 's slow tongue , or the times when he 'd stopped by the forge to brag about which girls he 'd managed to steal a kiss from ? 
 perrin just nodded back . 
 no use in digging up the past , not when their allegiance to `` perrin goldeneyes '' had helped rescue faile . 
 though , as he left them , his too-keen ears caught the two of them chatting about the battle , just a few days past , and their part of it . 
 one of them still smelled like blood ; he had n't cleaned his boots . 
 he probably did n't even notice the bloodstained mud . 
 sometimes , perrin wondered if his senses were n't actually any better than anyone else 's . 
 he took the time to notice things that others ignored . 
 how could they miss that scent of blood ? 
 and the crisp air of the mountains to the north ? 
 it smelled of home , though they were many leagues from the two rivers . 
 if other men took the time to close their eyes and pay attention , would they be able to smell what he did ? 
 if they opened those eyes and looked closer at the world around them , would men call their eyes `` keen '' as they did perrin 's ? 
 no . 
 that was just fancy . 
 his senses were better ; his kinship with the wolves had changed him . 
 he had n't thought of that kinship in a while - he 'd been too focused on faile . 
 but he 'd stopped feeling so self-conscious about his eyes . 
 they were part of him . 
 no use grumbling about them . 
 and yet , that rage he felt when he fought ... that loss of control . 
 it worried him , more and more . 
 the first time he 'd felt it had been that night , so long ago , fighting whitecloaks . 
 for a time , perrin had n't known if he was a wolf or a man . 
 and now-during one of his recent visits to the wolf dream-he 'd tried to kill hopper . 
 in the wolf dream , death was final . 
 perrin had almost lost himself that day . 
 thinking of it awakened old fears , fears he 'd shoved aside . 
 fears relating to a man , behaving like a wolf , locked in a cage . 
 he continued down the pathway to his tent , making some decisions . 
 he 'd pursued faile with determination , avoiding the wolf dream as he 'd avoided all of his responsibilities . 
 he 'd claimed that nothing else had mattered . 
 but he knew that the truth was much more difficult . 
 he 'd focused on faile because he loved her so much , but-in addition-he 'd done so because it had been convenient . 
 her rescue had been an excuse to avoid things like his discomfort with leadership and the blurred truce between himself and the wolf inside of himself . 
 he had rescued faile , but so many things were still wrong . 
 the answers might lie in his dreams . 
 it was time to return . 
 chapter 18 a message in haste siuan froze-basket of dirty laundry on her hip-the moment she walked into the aes sedai camp . 
 it was her own laundry , this time . 
 she 'd finally realized that she did n't need to do both hers and bryne 's . 
 why not let the novices put in some time on her washing ? 
 there were certainly enough of them these days . 
 and every one of them crowded the walkway around the pavilion at the center of camp . 
 they stood arm-to-arm , a wall of white topped by heads of hair in every natural hue . 
 no ordinary meeting of the hall would have drawn such attention . 
 something must be going on . 
 siuan set the wicker laundry basket on a stump , then pulled a towel over it . 
 she did n't trust that sky , although it had n't rained more than the occasional drizzle in the past week . 
 do n't trust a dockmaster 's sky . 
 words to live by . 
 even if the consequence only meant a basket of wet clothing , soiled at that . 
 she hurried across the dirt road and stepped up onto one of the wooden walkways . 
 the rough boards shifted slightly underfoot and creaked with her footfalls as she hurried towards the pavilion . 
 there was talk of replacing the walkways with something more permanent , perhaps as expensive as paving stones . 
 she reached the backs of the gathered women . 
 the last meeting of the hall that had drawn this level of attention had revealed that asha ` man had bonded sisters and that the taint itself had been cleansed . 
 light send that there were n't any surprises of that size waiting ! 
 her nerves were taut enough , dealing with gareth bloody bryne . 
 suggesting that she let him teach her how to hold a sword , just in case . 
 she 'd never thought that swords were much use . 
 besides , who ever heard of an aes sedai with a weapon , fighting like a crazed aiel ? 
 honestly , that man . 
 she bullied her way through the novices , annoyed that she had to get their attention in order to make them let her pass . 
 they gave way as soon as they saw a sister passing through them , of course , but they were so distracted that it took work to move them out of the way . 
 she chided a few of them for not being about their duties . 
 where was tiana ? 
 she should have had these girls back to their chores . 
 if rand al ` thor himself bloody appeared in camp , the novices should continue their lessons ! 
 finally , near the pavilion flaps , she found the woman she 'd expected . 
 sheriam , as egwene 's keeper , could n't enter the hall without the amyr-lin . 
 and so she was reduced to waiting outside . 
 it was probably better than stewing back in her tent . 
 the fire-haired woman had lost a fair bit of her plumpness over the previous weeks . 
 she really needed to commission new dresses ; her old ones were beginning to hang on her . 
 still , she seemed to have regained some calm recently , to be less erratic . 
 perhaps whatever had been ailing her had passed . 
 she 'd always insisted that nothing was wrong in the first place . 
 `` fish guts , '' siuan grumbled as a novice accidentally elbowed her . 
 siuan glared at the girl , who wilted and scurried away , her family of novices reluctantly following . 
 siuan turned back to sheriam . 
 `` so what is it ? 
 did one of the stable boys turn out to be the king of tear ? '' 
 sheriam raised an eyebrow . 
 `` elaida has traveling . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 siuan asked , glancing into the tent . 
 the seats were filled with aes sedai , and lanky ashmanaille-of the gray-was addressing them . 
 why had n't this meeting been sealed to the flame ? 
 sheriam nodded . 
 `` we found out when ashmanaille was sent to collect from kandor . '' 
 tributes were one of the main sources of income for egwene 's aes sedai . 
 for many centuries , each kingdom had sent such donations to tar valon . 
 the white tower no longer relied on that income-it had far better means of sustaining itself , ones that did n't rely on outside generosity . 
 still , tributes were never turned away , and many of the borderland kingdoms still held to the old ways . 
 before the white tower broke , one of ashmanaille 's duties had been to keep track of these donations and send monthly thanks on behalf of the amyrlin . 
 the split of the white tower , and the discovery of traveling , had made it very easy for egwene 's aes sedai to send a delegation and collect tributes in person . 
 the kandori chief clerk had n't cared which of the two white tower sides he supported , so long as the tribute was sent , and had been happy to deliver the money to ashmanaille directly . 
 the siege of tar valon had made it simple to siphon this coin away from tributes that might have gone to elaida , instead using them to pay bryne 's soldiers . 
 a very neat twist of fate . 
 but no sea remained calm forever . 
 `` the chief clerk was quite livid , '' ashmanaille said in her no-nonsense voice . '' ' 
 i already paid your money this month , ' he told me . ' 
 i gave it to a woman who came not one day gone . 
 the woman bore a letter from the amyrlin herself , sealed properly , which told me to give the money only to a member of the red ajah . ' '' 
 `` this does n't say for certain elaida has traveling , '' romanda noted from inside the tent . 
 `` the red sister could have gotten to kandor by other means . '' 
 ashmanaille shook her head . 
 `` they saw a gateway made . 
 the chief clerk discovered an accounting error and sent a scribe out after elaida 's delegation to give them a few extra coins . 
 the man described what he saw perfectly . 
 the horses were riding through a black hole in the air . 
 it stunned him so deeply that he called for the guard-but by then elaida 's people were already gone . 
 i interrogated him myself . '' 
 `` i dislike trusting the word of one man , '' said moria , sitting near the front of the group . 
 `` the chief clerk described in detail the woman who took the money from him , '' ashmanaille said . 
 `` i am confident that it was nesita . 
 perhaps we could discover if she is in the tower ? 
 that would give us further proof . '' 
 others raised objections , but siuan ceased to listen closely . 
 perhaps this was a very clever ruse intended to distract them , but they could n't take that chance . 
 light ! 
 was she the only one with a head on her shoulders ? 
 she grabbed the nearest novice , a mousy girl who was probably older than she looked-she 'd have to be , since she looked no older than nine . 
 `` i need a courier , '' siuan informed her . 
 `` fetch one of the messengers lord bryne left at the camp for running news to him . 
 quickly . '' 
 the girl yelped , dashing away . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 sheriam asked . 
 `` saving our lives , '' siuan said , glaring at the crowding novices . 
 `` all right ! '' 
 she growled . 
 `` enough gawking ! 
 if your classes are postponed because of this fiasco , then find some work to do . 
 any novice still standing on this walkway in ten seconds will find herself doing penance until she ca n't count straight ! '' 
 that initiated a mass exodus of white , the families of women bustling away with hurried steps . 
 in moments , only the small group of accepted remained , along with sheriam and siuan . 
 the accepted cringed when siuan glanced at them , but she said nothing . 
 part of the privilege of being an accepted was increased freedom . 
 besides , as long as siuan could move without bumping someone , she was satisfied . 
 `` why was n't this meeting sealed to the flame in the first place ? '' 
 she asked sheriam . 
 `` i do n't know , '' sheriam admitted , glancing into the large tent . 
 `` it 's daunting news , if it 's true . '' 
 `` this was bound to occur eventually , '' siuan said , though she was nowhere near that calm on the inside . 
 `` news of traveling has to be spreading . '' 
 what happened ? 
 she thought . 
 they did n't break egwene , did they ? 
 light send it was n't her or leane who was forced to give up this secret . 
 beonin . 
 it had to be her . 
 burn it all ! 
 she shook her head . 
 `` light send that we can keep traveling secret from the seanchan . 
 when they do assault the white tower , we 'll want at least that advantage . '' 
 sheriam eyed her , skepticism showing . 
 most of the sisters did n't believe egwene 's dreaming of the attack . 
 fools-they wanted to catch the fish , but did n't want to gut it . 
 you did n't raise a woman to amyrlin , then treat her warnings lightly . 
 siuan waited impatiently , tapping her foot , listening to the conversation inside the tent . 
 just as she was beginning to wonder if she 'd need to send another novice , one of bryne 's couriers trotted up to the tent on horseback . 
 the ill-tempered brute he was riding was midnight black with white just above the hooves , and it snorted at siuan as the rider pulled up short , wearing a neat uniform and close-cropped brown hair . 
 did he have to bring that creature with him ? 
 `` aes sedai ? '' 
 the man asked , bowing to her from horseback . 
 `` you have a message for lord bryne ? '' 
 `` yes , '' siuan said . 
 `` and you 'll see it delivered with all haste . 
 you understand me ? 
 all of our lives could depend on it . '' 
 the soldier nodded sharply . 
 `` tell lord bryne ... '' siuan began . 
 `` tell him to watch his flanks . 
 our enemy has been taught the method we used to get here . '' 
 `` it shall be done . '' 
 `` repeat it back to me , '' siuan said . 
 `` of course , aes sedai , '' the slender man said , bowing again . 
 `` just so you know , i have been a messenger in the general s command for over a decade . 
 my memory - '' `` stop , '' siuan interrupted . 
 `` i do n't care how long you 've been doing this . 
 i do n't care how good your memory is . 
 i do n't care if , by some twist of fate , you 've been asked to run this very same message a thousand times before . 
 you will repeat it back to me . '' 
 `` um , yes , aes sedai . 
 i 'm to tell the lord general to watch his flanks . 
 our enemy has been taught the method we used to get here . '' 
 `` good . 
 go . '' 
 the man nodded . 
 `` now ! '' 
 he reared that awful horse and galloped out of the camp , cloak flapping behind him . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 sheriam asked , glancing away from the proceedings inside the hall . 
 `` making certain we do n't wake up with elaida 's army surrounding us , '' siuan said . 
 `` i 'll bet i 'm the only one who thought to warn our general that the enemy may have just undone our biggest tactical advantage . 
 so much for a siege . '' 
 sheriam frowned , as if she had n't considered that . 
 she would n't be alone . 
 oh , some would think of bryne , and would be planning to send word to the general eventually . 
 but for many , the catastrophe here was n't the fact that elaida could now move her armies to flank them , or that now bryne 's siege was useless . 
 the catastrophe would be more personal for them : the knowledge they 'd worked to keep secret had fallen into the hands of others . 
 traveling was theirs , and now elaida had it ! 
 very aes sedai . 
 indignation first , implication second . 
 or perhaps siuan was just feeling bitter . 
 someone inside the tent finally thought to call for the meeting to be sealed to the flame , and so siuan withdrew , stepping off the walkway and onto the hard-packed earth . 
 novices scuttled this way and that , heads bowed to avoid her eyes , though they were quick to curtsy . 
 / have n't been doing a very good job of acting weak today , siuan thought with a grimace . 
 the white tower was crumbling . 
 the ajahs weakened one another with petty infighting . 
 even here , in egwene 's camp , more time was spent politicking than preparing for the coming storm . 
 and siuan was partially responsible for those failures . 
 elaida and her ajah certainly bore the lionfish 's share of the blame . 
 but would the tower have split in the first place if siuan had fostered cooperation between the ajahs ? 
 elaida had n't had that long to work . 
 every rift that appeared in the tower could likely be traced back to tiny cracks during siuan 's tenure as amyrlin . 
 if she 'd been more of a mediator among the factions of the white tower , could she have pounded strength into the bones of these women ? 
 could she have kept them from turning on one another like razorfish in a blood frenzy ? 
 the dragon reborn was important . 
 but he was only one figure in the weaving of these final days . 
 it was too easy to forget that , too easy to watch the dramatic figure of legend and forget everyone else . 
 she sighed , picking up her laundry and-out of habit-checking to make certain everything was there . 
 as she did so , a figure in white approached her from one of the branching pathways . 
 `` siuan sedai ? '' 
 siuan looked up , frowning . 
 the novice before her was one of the strangest in the camp . 
 nearly seventy years old , sharina had the weathered , creased face of a grandmother . 
 she kept her silver hair up in a bun , and while she walked without a stoop , there was a certain distinct weight to her . 
 she had seen so much , done so much , passed so many years . 
 and unlike an aes sedai , sharina had lived all of those years . 
 working , raising a family , even burying children . 
 she was strong in the power . 
 remarkably so ; she would wear the shawl for certain , and as soon as she did , she 'd be far above siuan . 
 for now , though , sharina curtsied deeply . 
 she gave an almost perfect show of deference . 
 of all of the novices , she was known to complain the least , make the least trouble , and study the most assiduously . 
 as a novice , she understood things that most aes sedai had never learned-or had forgotten the moment they took the shawl . 
 how to be humble when necessary , how to take a punishment , how to know when you needed to learn rather than pretend you already knew . 
 if only we had a few score more of her , siuan thought , and a few score less elaidas and romandas . 
 `` yes , child ? '' 
 siuan asked . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i saw you picking up that wash , siuan sedai , '' sharina said . 
 `` and i thought that perhaps i should carry it for you . '' 
 siuan hesitated . 
 `` i would n't want you to tire yourself . '' 
 sharina raised an eyebrow in a very un-novice-like expression . 
 `` these old arms carried loads twice that heavy back and forth from the river just last year , siuan sedai , juggling three grandchildren all the way . 
 i think i 'll be all right . '' 
 there was something in her eyes , a hint that her offer was not all it seemed to be . 
 this one was adept at more than just healing weaves , it appeared . 
 curious , siuan let the aged woman take the basket . 
 they began to walk down the pathway toward the novices ' tents . 
 `` it 's curious , '' sharina said , `` that such a large disturbance could be caused by such a seemingly simple revelation , would n't you say , siuan sedai ? '' 
 `` elaida 's discovery of traveling is an important revelation . '' 
 `` and yet nowhere near as important as the ones rumored to have come during the meeting a few months back , when that man who can channel visited . 
 odd that this should create such a scene . '' 
 siuan shook her head . 
 `` the thinking of crowds is often odd at first consideration , sharina . 
 everyone is still talking about that asha ` man visit , and they 're thirsty for more . 
 so they react with excitement at the chance to hear something else . 
 in that way , the great revelations can come in secret , but then cause lesser ones to be received in an explosion of anxiety . '' 
 `` one could put that observation to good use , i should think . '' 
 sharina nodded to a group of novices as they passed . 
 `` if one wanted to cause worry , that is . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 siuan asked , eyes narrowing . 
 `` ashmanaille reported first to lelaine sedai , '' sharina said softly . 
 `` i 've heard that lelaine was the one who let the news slip . 
 she spoke it out loud in the hearing of a family of novices while calling for the hall to meet . 
 she also deflected several early calls for the meeting to be sealed to the flame . '' 
 `` ah , '' siuan said . 
 `` so that 's why ! '' 
 `` i relate only hearsay , of course , '' sharina explained , pausing in the shade of a scraggly blackwood tree . 
 `` it is probably just foolishness . 
 why , an aes sedai of lelaine 's stature would know that if she let information slip in the hearing of novices , it would soon pass to all willing ears . '' 
 `` and in the tower , every ear is willing . '' 
 `` exactly , siuan sedai , '' sharina said , smiling . 
 lelaine had wanted to create a menagerie of a meeting-she 'd wanted novices listening in , and every sister in the camp joining in the discussion . 
 why ? 
 and why was sharina confiding her very un-novice-like opinions ? 
 the answer was obvious . 
 the more threatened the women in the camp felt-the more danger they saw from elaida-the easier it would be for a firm hand to seize control . 
 though the sisters were indignant now over the mere loss of a closely guarded secret , they would soon realize the danger that siuan had already seen . 
 soon there would be fear . 
 worry . 
 anxiety . 
 the siege would never work , not now that the aes sedai inside it could travel wherever and whenever they wished . 
 bryne 's army at the bridges had become useless . 
 unless siuan missed her guess , lelaine would be making certain that everyone else noticed the implications , too . 
 `` she wants us scared , '' siuan said . 
 `` she wants a crisis . '' 
 it was clever . 
 siuan should have seen this coming . 
 the fact that she had n't - and the fact that she 'd gotten no wind of lelaine 's plans-also whispered an important fact . 
 the woman might not trust siuan as deeply as she seemed to . 
 blast ! 
 she focused on sharina . 
 the gray-haired woman stood patiently , waiting as siuan worked through what she 'd revealed . 
 `` why did you tell me this ? '' 
 siuan asked . 
 `` for all you know , i 'm lelaine 's lackey . '' 
 sharina raised her eyebrows . 
 `` please , siuan sedai . 
 these eyes are n't blind , and they see a woman working very hard to keep the amyrlin 's enemies occupied . '' 
 `` fine , '' siuan said . 
 `` but you are still exposing yourself for very little reward . '' 
 `` little reward ? '' 
 sharina asked . 
 `` excuse me , siuan sedai , but what do you suppose my fate will be if the amyrlin does n't return ? 
 no matter what she says now , we can sense lelaine sedai 's true opinions . '' 
 siuan hesitated . 
 though lelaine now played the part of egwene 's pious advocate , not too long ago she had been as displeased as everyone else over the too-old novices . 
 few liked it when traditions changed . 
 now that the new novices had been entered into the novice book , it would be very difficult to put them out of the tower . 
 but that did n't mean the aes sedai would continue to let older women in . 
 beyond that , there was a good chance that lelaine-or whoever ended up with the amyrlin seat-would find a way to delay or disrupt the progression of the women who had been accepted against tradition . 
 that would certainly include sharina . 
 `` i will let the amyrlin know of your actions here , '' siuan said . 
 `` you will be rewarded . '' 
 `` my reward will be egwene sedai 's return , siuan sedai . 
 pray it be swift . 
 she entangled our fate with her own the moment she took us in . 
 after what i 've seen , and what i 've felt , i have no intention of stopping my training . '' 
 the woman hefted the basket . 
 `` i assume you wish these washed and returned to you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` i am a novice , siuan sedai . 
 it is my duty and my pleasure . '' 
 the elderly woman bowed in respect and continued on down the path , walking with a step younger than her years . 
 siuan watched her go , then stopped another novice . 
 another messenger to bryne . 
 just in case . 
 hurry up , girl , siuan thought to egwene , glancing toward the spire of the white tower . 
 sharina is n't the only one whose fate is entangled with yours . 
 you 've got us all wound up in that net of yours . 
 chapter 19 gambits chaos . 
 the entire world was chaos . 
 tuon stood on the balcony of her audience hall in the palace of ebou dar , hands clasped behind her back . 
 in the palace grounds - flagstones washed white , like so many surfaces in the city-a group of altaran armsmen in gold and black practiced formations beneath the watchful eyes of a pair of her own officers . 
 beyond them , the city proper rose , white domes banded with colors spreading alongside tall , white spires . 
 order . 
 here in ebou dar , there was order , even in the fields of tents and wagons outside the city . 
 seanchan soldiers patrolled and kept the peace ; there were plans to clean out the rahad . 
 just because one was poor was not a reason-or an excuse-to live without law . 
 but this city was just a tiny , tiny pocket of order in a world of tempest . 
 seanchan itself was broken by civil war , now that the empress had died . 
 the corenne had come , but recapturing these lands of artur hawkwing progressed slowly , stalled by the dragon reborn in the east and domani armies in the north . 
 she still waited to hear news of lieutenant-general turan , but the signs were not good . 
 galgan maintained that they might be surprised at the outcome , but tuon had seen a black dove the hour she was informed of turan 's predicament . 
 the omen had been clear . 
 he would not return alive . 
 chaos . 
 she glanced to the side , where faithful karede stood in his thick armor , colored blood-red and a deep green , nearly black . 
 he was a tall man , square face nearly as solid as the armor he wore . 
 he had fully two dozen deathwatch guards with him this day-the day after tuon 's return to ebou dar-along with six ogier gardeners , all standing along the walls . 
 they lined the sides of the high-ceilinged , white-pillared room . 
 karede sensed the chaos , and did not intend to let her be taken again . 
 chaos was the most deadly when you made assumptions about what it could and could n't infect . 
 here in ebou dar , it manifested in the form of a faction intent on taking tuon 's own life . 
 she had been dodging assassinations since she could walk , and she had survived them all . 
 she anticipated them . 
 in a way , she thrived because of them . 
 how were you to know that you were powerful unless assassins were sent to kill you ? 
 suroth 's betrayal , however ... chaos , indeed , when the leader of the forerunners herself turned traitor . 
 bringing the world back into order was going to be very , very difficult . 
 perhaps impossible . 
 tuon straightened her back . 
 she had not thought to become empress for many years yet . 
 but she would do her duty . 
 she turned away from the balcony and walked back into the audience chamber to face the crowd awaiting her . 
 like the others of the blood , she wore ashes on her cheeks to mourn the loss of the empress . 
 tuon had little affection for her mother , but affection was not needed for an empress . 
 she provided order and stability . 
 tuon had only begun to understand the importance of these things as the weight had settled on her shoulders . 
 the chamber was wide and rectangular , lit with candelabras between the pillars and the radiant glow of sunlight through the wide balcony behind . 
 tuon had ordered the room 's rugs removed , preferring the bright white tiles . 
 the ceiling bore a painted mural of fishers at sea , with gulls in the clear air , and the walls were a soft blue . 
 a group of ten da ` covale knelt before the candelabras to tuon 's right . 
 they wore filmy costumes , waiting for a command . 
 suroth was not among them . 
 the deathwatch guard saw to her , at least until her hair grew out . 
 as soon as tuon entered the room , all of the commoners bowed on knees with foreheads to the ground . 
 those of the blood knelt , bowing their heads . 
 across from the da ` covale , on the other side of the hall , lanelle and melitene knelt in dresses emblazoned with silver lightning bolts in red panels on their skirts . 
 their leashed damane knelt facedown . 
 tuon 's kidnapping had been unbearable to several of the damane ; they had taken to inconsolable weeping during her absence . 
 her audience chair was relatively simple . 
 a wooden seat with black velvet on the arms and back . 
 she sat down , wearing a pleated gown of the deepest sea blue , a white cape fluttering behind her . 
 as soon as she did , the people in the room rose from their positions of adulation-all save the da ` covak , who remained kneeling . 
 selucia stood and stepped up beside the chair , her golden hair in a braid down her right side , the left side of her head shaven . 
 she did not wear the ashes , since she was not of the blood , but the white band on her arm indicated that she-like the entire empire-mourned the loss of the empress . 
 yuril , tuon 's secretary and secretly her hand , stepped up to the other side of the chair . 
 the deathwatch guards moved in subtly around her , dark armor glittering faintly in the sunlight . 
 they had been particularly protective of her lately . 
 she did n't blame them , recent events considered . 
 here i am , tuon thought , surrounded by my might , damane on one side and deathwatch guard on the other . 
 and yet i feel no safer than i did with matrim . 
 how odd , that she should have felt safe with him . 
 directly in front of her , lit by indirect sunlight from the open balcony behind , was a collection of the blood , captain-general galgan highest of them . 
 he wore armor this day , the breastplate painted a deep blue , nearly dark enough to be black . 
 his powdery white hair ran in a crest with the sides of his head shaven , and was plaited to his shoulders , for he was of the high blood . 
 with him were two members of the low blood - banner-general najirah and banner-general yamada-and several commoner officers . 
 they waited patiently , carefully not meeting tuon 's eyes . 
 a gathering of other members of the blood stood several steps behind , to witness her acts . 
 wiry faverde nothish and long-faced amenar shumada led them . 
 they were both important-important enough to be dangerous . 
 suroth would n't be the only one who saw opportunity in these times . 
 if tuon were to fall , practically anyone could become empress . 
 or emperor . 
 the war in seanchan would not end quickly ; but when it did , the victor would undoubtedly raise him - or herself to the crystal throne as well . 
 and then there would be two leaders of the seanchan empire , divided by an ocean , united in desire to conquer one another . 
 neither could allow the other to live . 
 order , tuon thought , tapping the black wood of her armrest with a blue-lacquered fingernail . 
 order must emanate from me . 
 i will bring the calm airs to those beset by storms . 
 `` selucia is my truthspeaker , '' she announced to the room . 
 `` let it be published among the blood . '' 
 the statement was expected . 
 selucia bowed her head in acceptance , though she had no desire for any appointment other than to serve and protect tuon . 
 she would not welcome this position . 
 but she was also honest and straightforward ; she would make an excellent truthspeaker . 
 at least this time , tuon could be certain that her truthspeaker was n't one of the forsaken . 
 did she believe falendre 's story , then ? 
 it stretched plausibility ; it sounded like one of matrim 's fanciful tales of imaginary creatures that lurked in the dark . 
 and yet , the other sul ` dam and damane had corroborated falendre 's tale . 
 some facts , at least , seemed straightforward . 
 anath had been working with suroth . 
 suroth-after some persuasion-had admitted that she had met with one of the forsaken . 
 or , at least , she thought she had . 
 she had n't known that the forsaken was the same as anath , but she seemed to find the revelation believable . 
 whether or not she really was forsaken , anath had met with the dragon reborn , imitating tuon . 
 and had then tried to kill him . 
 order , tuon thought , keeping her face still . 
 / represent order . 
 tuon gestured rapidly to selucia , who was still tuon 's voice-and her shadow-even with the added responsibility of truthspeaker . 
 when ordering those far beneath herself , tuon would first pass the words to selucia , who would speak them . 
 `` you are required to send him in , '' selucia said to a da ` covale beside the throne . 
 he bowed himself to the ground , touching head to the floor , then hurried to the other end of the large room and opened the door . 
 beslan , king of altara and high seat of house mitsobar , was a slender youth with black eyes and hair . 
 he had the olive skin common to the altaran people , but he had taken to wearing clothing like that favored by the blood . 
 loose trousers of yellow and a high-collared coat that came down only to the middle of his chest , a yellow shirt underneath . 
 the blood had left a clear passage down the middle of the room , and beslan walked through it , eyes lowered . 
 upon reaching the supplication space before the throne , he went down on his knees , then bowed low . 
 the perfect image of a loyal subject , except for the thin golden crown on his head . 
 tuon gestured to selucia . 
 `` you are bidden to rise , '' selucia said . 
 beslan rose , though he kept his gaze averted . 
 he was a fine actor . 
 `` the daughter of the nine moons expresses her condolences to you for your loss , '' selucia said to him . 
 `` i give the same to her for her loss , '' he said . 
 `` my grief is but a candle to the great fire felt by the seanchan people . '' 
 he was too servile . 
 he was a king ; he was not required to bow himself so far . 
 he was the equal of many of the blood . 
 she could almost have believed he was just being submissive before the woman who would soon become empress . 
 but she knew too much of his temperament , through both spies and hearsay . 
 `` the daughter of the nine moons wishes to know the reason you have ceased holding court , '' selucia said , watching tuon 's hands move . 
 `` she finds it distressing that your people can not have audience with their king . 
 your mother 's death was as tragic as it was shocking , but your kingdom needs you . '' 
 beslan bowed . 
 `` please have her know that i did not think it appropriate to elevate myself above her . 
 i am uncertain how to act . 
 i meant no insult . '' 
 `` are you certain that is the true reason ? '' 
 selucia voiced . 
 `` it is not , perhaps , because you are planning a rebellion against us , and do not have time for your other duties ? '' 
 beslan looked up sharply , eyes wide . 
 `` your majesty , i - '' `` you need not speak any further lies , child of tylin , '' tuon said directly to him , causing gasps of surprise from the assembled blood . 
 `` i know of the things you have said to general habiger and your friend , lord malalin . 
 i know of your quiet meetings in the basement of the three stars . 
 i know of it all , king beslan . '' 
 the room fell silent , beslan bowed his head for a moment . 
 then , surprisingly , he rose to his feet and stared her directly in the eyes . 
 she would n't have thought the soft-spoken youth had it in him . 
 `` i will not allow my people to - '' `` i would still my tongue if i were you , '' tuon interrupted . 
 `` you stand on sand as it is . '' 
 beslan hesitated . 
 she could see the question in his eyes . 
 was n't she going to execute him ? 
 / / / intended to kill you , she thought , you would be dead already , and you would never have seen the knife . 
 `` seanchan is in upheaval , '' tuon said , regarding him . 
 he appeared shocked at the words . 
 `` oh , did you think i would ignore it , beslan ? 
 i am not content to stare at the stars while my empire collapses around me . 
 the truth must be acknowledged . 
 my mother is dead . 
 there is no empress . 
 `` however , the forces of the corenne are more than sufficient to maintain our positions here on this side of the ocean , altara included . '' 
 she leaned forward , trying to project a sense of control , offirmness . 
 her mother had been able to do so at all times . 
 tuon did not have her mother 's height , but she would need that aura . 
 others had to feel safer , more secure , simply by entering her presence . 
 `` in times such as these , '' tuon continued , `` threats of rebellion can not be tolerated . 
 many will see opportunity in the empire 's weakness , and their divisive squabbling-if left unchecked-would prove the end of us all . 
 therefore , i must be firm . 
 very firm . 
 with those who defy me . '' 
 `` then why , '' beslan said , `` am i still alive ? '' 
 `` you started planning your rebellion before events in the empire were made known . '' 
 he frowned , dumbfounded . 
 `` you began your rebellion when suroth led here , '' tuon said , `` and when your mother was still queen . 
 much has changed since then , beslan . 
 very much . 
 in times like these , there is potential for great accomplishment . '' 
 `` you must know i have no thirst for power , '' beslan said . 
 `` the freedom of my people is all i desire . '' 
 `` i do know it , '' tuon said , clasping her hands before her , lacquered nails curling , elbows on the armrests of her chair . 
 `` and that is the other reason you are still alive . 
 you rebel not out of lust for station , but out of sheer ignorance . 
 you are misguided , and that means you can change , should you receive the proper knowledge . '' 
 he looked at her , confused . 
 lower your eyes , fool . 
 do n't make me have you strapped for insolence ! 
 as if he had heard her thoughts , he averted his eyes , then lowered them . 
 yes , she had judged correctly regarding this one . 
 how precarious her position was ! 
 true , she had armies-but so many of them had been thrown away by suroth 's aggression . 
 all kingdoms on this side of the ocean would need to bow before the crystal throne , eventually . 
 each marath ` damane would be leashed , each king or queen would swear the oaths . 
 but suroth had pushed too hard , particularly in the fiasco with turan . 
 a hundred thousand men , lost in one battle . 
 madness . 
 tuon needed altara . 
 she needed ebou dar . 
 beslan was well loved by the people . 
 putting his head on a pike after the mysterious death of his mother ... . 
 well , tuon would have stability in ebou dar , but she would rather not have to leave battlefronts unmanned to accomplish it . 
 `` your mother 's death is a loss , '' tuon said . 
 `` she was a good woman . 
 a good queen . '' 
 beslan 's lips tightened . 
 `` you may speak , '' tuon said . 
 `` her death ... is unexplained , '' he said . 
 the implication was obvious . 
 `` i do not know if suroth caused her to be killed , '' tuon said , softening her voice . 
 `` she claims that she did not . 
 but the matter is being investigated . 
 if it turns out that suroth was behind the death , you and altara will have an apology from the throne itself . '' 
 another gasp from the blood . 
 she silenced them with a glance , then turned back to beslan . 
 `` your mothers loss is a great one . 
 you must know that she was loyal to her oaths . '' 
 `` yes , '' he said , voice bitter . 
 `` and she gave up the throne . '' 
 `` no , '' tuon said curtly . 
 `` the throne belongs to you . 
 this is the ignorance of which i spoke . 
 you must lead your people . 
 they must have a king . 
 i have neither time nor desire to do your duty for you . 
 `` you assume that the seanchan dominance of your homeland will mean your people lack freedom . 
 that is false . 
 they will be more free , more protected , and more powerful when they accept our rule . 
 `` i sit above you . 
 but is this so undesirable ? 
 with the might of the empire , you will be able to hold your borders and patrol your lands outside of ebou dar . 
 you speak of your people ? 
 well , i have ordered something prepared for you . '' 
 she nodded to the side , where a willowy-limbed da ` covale stepped forward with a leather satchel . 
 `` inside , '' tuon said , `` you will find numbers gathered by my scouts and guard forces . 
 you can see directly the reports of crimes during our occupation here . 
 you will have reports and manifests , comparing how the people were before the return and after it . 
 `` i believe you know what you will find . 
 the empire is a resource to you , beslan . 
 a powerful , powerful ally . 
 i will not insult you by offering you thrones you do not want . 
 i will entice you by promising stability , food , and protection for your people . 
 all for the simple price of your loyalty . '' 
 he hesitantly accepted the satchel . 
 `` i offer you a choice , beslan , '' tuon said . 
 `` you may choose execution , if you wish . 
 i will not make you da ` covale . 
 i will let you die with honor , and it will be published that you died because you rejected the oaths and chose not to accept the seanchan . 
 if you wish it , i will allow it . 
 your people will know that you died in defiance . 
 `` or , you may choose to serve them better . 
 you may choose to live . 
 if you do so , you will be raised to the high blood . 
 you will step forward and reign as your people need you to do . 
 i promise you that i will not direct the affairs of your people . 
 i will demand resources and men for my armies , as is proper , and your word can not countermand my own . 
 aside from that , your power in altara will be absolute . 
 no blood will have the right to command , harm , or imprison your people without your permission . 
 `` i will accept and review a list of noble families you feel should be raised to the low blood , and i will raise no fewer than twenty of them . 
 altara will become the permanent seat of the empress on this side of the ocean . 
 as such , it will be the most powerful kingdom here . 
 you may choose . '' 
 she leaned forward , unlacing her fingers . 
 `` but understand this . 
 if you decide to join with us , you will give me your heart , and not just your words . 
 i will not allow you to ignore your oaths . 
 i have given you this chance because i believe you can be a strong ally , and i think that you were misguided , perhaps by suroth 's twisted webs . 
 `` you have one day to make your decision . 
 think well . 
 your mother thought this to be the best course , and she was a wise woman . 
 the empire means stability . 
 a rebellion would mean only suffering , starvation and obscurity . 
 these are not times to be alone , beslan . '' 
 she sat back as beslan regarded the satchel in his hands . 
 he bowed in supplication to withdraw , though the motion was jerky , as if he were distracted . 
 `` you may go , '' she said to him . 
 he rose , but did not turn to leave . 
 the room fell still as he stared down at his hands and the satchel . 
 she could read his struggle in his expression . 
 a da ` covale approached to hasten him on his way , as he had been dismissed , but tuon raised her hand , stilling the servant . 
 she leaned forward , several members of the blood shuffling their feet as they waited . 
 beslan just stared at that satchel . 
 finally , he looked up , eyes determined . 
 and then , surprisingly , he got back down on his knees . 
 `` i , beslan of house mitsobar , pledge my fealty and service to the daughter of the nine moons and through her to the seanchan empire , now and for all time , save that she chooses to release me of her own will . 
 my lands and throne are hers , and i yield them to her hand . 
 so i do swear before the light . '' 
 tuon let herself smile . 
 behind beslan , captain-general galgan stepped forward , addressing the king . 
 `` that is not the proper way to - '' tuon silenced him with a gesture . 
 `` we demand that this people adopt our ways , general , '' she said . 
 `` it is fitting that we accept some of theirs . '' 
 not too many of those ways , of course . 
 but she could thank her long conversations with mistress anan for allowing her to understand this . 
 the seanchan had , perhaps , made a mistake with this people in making them swear seanchan oaths of obedience . 
 matrim had sworn those oaths , but ignored them handily when the time came-yet he had been certain to keep his word to her , and his men had assured her he was a man of honor . 
 how strange that they would be willing to elevate one oath over another . 
 these people were odd . 
 but she would have to understand them in order to rule them-and she would have to rule them to gather strength for her return to seanchan . 
 `` your oath is pleasing to me , king beslan . 
 i raise you to the high blood and give you and your house dominance over the kingdom of al-tara , for now and all time , your will for the administration and governance of it second only to that of the imperial throne itself . 
 rise . '' 
 he stood , legs looking shaky . 
 `` are you certain you 're not ta ` veren , my lady ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` because i certainly was n't expecting to do that when i walked in here . '' 
 ta ` veren . 
 these people and their foolish superstitions ! 
 `` i am pleased with you , '' she said to him . 
 `` i knew your mother for only a short time , but i did find her quite capable . 
 i would not have enjoyed being forced to execute her only remaining son . '' 
 he nodded in appreciation . 
 to the side , selucia covertly signed , that was well handled . 
 unconventional , perhaps , but very delicately done . 
 tuon felt a warm sense of pride . 
 she turned to the white-haired general galgan . 
 `` general . 
 i realize you have been waiting to speak with me , and your patience is to be commended . 
 you may now speak your thoughts . 
 king beslan , you may withdraw or remain . 
 it is your right to attend any public conferences i have in your kingdom , and you need no permission or invitation to attend . '' 
 beslan nodded , bowing but retreating to the side of the room to watch . 
 `` thank you , highest daughter , '' galgan said reverently , stepping forward . 
 he waved to his so ` jhin , who stood in the hallway outside . 
 they entered-first prostrating themselves before tuon-then quickly set up a table and several maps . 
 one servant brought galgan a bundle , which he carried , approaching tuon . 
 karede was at her right shoulder in a moment , selucia at her left , but galgan kept a respectful distance . 
 he bowed and unrolled the item on the ground . 
 it was a banner of red , bearing a circle in the center , split by a sinuous line . 
 one half of the circle was black , the other white . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 tuon asked , leaning forward . 
 `` the banner of the dragon reborn , '' galgan said . 
 `` he sent it with a messenger , asking yet again for a meeting . '' 
 he glanced up-not meeting her eyes , but showing a thoughtful , concerned face . 
 `` this morning when i arose , '' tuon said , `` i saw a pattern like three towers in the sky and a hawk , high in the air , passing between them . '' 
 the various members of the blood in the room nodded appreciatively . 
 only beslan seemed confused . 
 how did these people live , not knowing the omens ? 
 had they no desire to understand the visions of fate the pattern was giving them ? 
 the hawk and three towers were an omen of difficult choices to come . 
 they indicated that boldness would be needed . 
 `` what are your thoughts on the dragon reborn 's request for a meeting ? '' 
 tuon asked galgan . 
 `` perhaps it would be unwise to meet with this man , highest daughter . 
 i am not certain of his claims to his title . 
 beyond this question , does the empire not have other concerns at this time ? '' 
 `` you wonder why our forces have not retreated , '' tuon said . 
 `` why we have not struck out for seanchan to secure the throne . '' 
 he bowed his head . 
 `` i trust your wisdom , highest daughter . '' 
 `` this is the dragon reborn , '' tuon said . 
 `` and not just an impostor . 
 i am convinced of it . 
 he must bow before the crystal throne before the last battle can begin . 
 and so we must stay . 
 it is not an accident that the return happened now . 
 we are needed here . 
 more than we are needed , unfortunately , in our homeland . '' 
 galgan nodded slowly . 
 he agreed with her on not retreating to seanchan ; he had simply assumed it would be what she wished . 
 in declaring they would stay , she had earned his respect . 
 not that he would n't still consider seizing the throne for himself . 
 a man could not hold his position without a great deal of ambition . 
 however , he was known to be a prudent man as well as an ambitious one . 
 he would not strike unless he was convinced it was for the best . 
 he would have to believe that he had a strong potential for success and that removing tuon would be better for the empire . 
 that was the difference between an ambitious fool and an ambitious wise man . 
 the latter understood that killing someone was only the beginning . 
 taking tuon 's life and assuming the throne himself would gain him nothing if it alienated the rest of the blood . 
 he walked to his table with maps . 
 `` if you wish to continue to prosecute the war , highest daughter , permit me to explain the condition of your army . 
 one of our most ambitious plans is being organized by lieutenant-general yulan . '' 
 galgan gestured to the assembled officers and a short , dark-skinned man of the low blood stepped forward . 
 he wore a black wig to hide his baldness , and he approached and knelt before tuon , bowing . 
 `` you are commanded to rise and speak , general , '' selucia voiced . 
 `` the highest daughter should know my thanks , '' yulan said , rising . 
 at the map table , he gestured for several aides to hold up a map so that tuon could see . 
 `` aside from setbacks in arad doman , the process of reclaiming these lands has proceeded as expected . 
 more slowly than we would wish , but not without great victories . 
 the people of these kingdoms do not rally to the defense of their neighboring nations . 
 we have had great success seizing them one at a time . 
 only two issues cause us worry . 
 the first is this rand al ` thor , the dragon reborn , who has been pursuing an aggressive war of unification to the north and east . 
 the highest daughter 's wisdom will be needed in teaching us to subdue him . 
 `` the other concern has been the large number of marath ` damane concentrated in the place known as tar valon . 
 i believe the highest daughter has heard of the great weapon they used to destroy a large patch of land north of ebou dar . '' 
 tuon nodded . 
 `` the sul ` dam have never seen its like , '' yulan continued . 
 `` we assume it is a thing oi damane , which can be taught to them , if the right maratb ` damane are taken . 
 this wondrous ability they have to transport instantly from one place to another-if true-will prove a second technique of great tactical advantage that we must capture . '' 
 tuon nodded again , studying the map , which showed the place called tar valon . 
 selucia voiced , `` the highest daughter is curious as to your plans . 
 you will proceed . '' 
 `` my thanks are expressed deeply , '' yulan said , bowing . 
 `` as captain of the air , i have the honor of commanding the raken and to ` raken serving the return . 
 i believe that a strike at the very heart of our enemy 's lands would not only be possible , but highly advantageous . 
 we have not yet had to fight many of these marattidamane in combat , but as we advance into lands controlled by the dragon reborn , we will undoubtedly face them in great numbers . 
 `` they assume that they are safe from us at this time . 
 a strike now could have great impact on the future . 
 each marath ` damane we leash is not only a powerful tool gained by our forces , but one lost by the enemy . 
 preliminary reports claim that there are hundreds upon hundreds of marath ` damane congregated in this place called the white tower . '' 
 that many ? 
 tuon thought . 
 a force like that could turn the war entirely . 
 true , those marath ` damane who had traveled with matrim had said that they would not take part in wars . 
 indeed , marath ` damane who had once been aes sedai had-so far-proven useless as weapons . 
 but could there be some way to twist their supposed vows ? 
 something matrim had said in passing made her suspect they could . 
 her fingers flew . 
 `` the daughter of the nine moons wonders how a strike against them could be feasible , '' selucia voiced . 
 `` the distance is great . 
 hundreds of leagues . '' 
 `` we would use a force of mostly to ` raken , '' general yulan said . 
 `` with some raken for scouting . 
 our captured maps show large grasslands with very few inhabitants , which could be used as resting points along the way . 
 we could strike across murandy here , '' he pointed at a second map , which aides held up , `` and come at tar valon from the south . 
 if it pleases the highest daughter , we could raid at night , while the marath ` damane are asleep . 
 our objective would be to capture as many of them as possible . '' 
 `` it is wondered if this really could be accomplished , '' selucia voiced . 
 tuon was intrigued . 
 `` what numbers would we be able to use for such a raid ? '' 
 `` if we were fully committed ? '' 
 yulan asked . 
 `` i believe i could gather up between eighty and a hundred to ` raken for the assault . '' 
 eighty to a hundred to ` raken . 
 so , perhaps around three hundred soldiers , with equipment , leaving room to bring back captured marath ` damane . 
 three hundred would be a considerable force for a raid like this , but they would have to move quickly and lightly , so as to not be trapped . 
 `` if it pleases the highest daughter , '' general galgan said , stepping forward again . 
 `` i believe general yulan 's plan has much merit . 
 it is not without potential for great loss , but we will never have another such opportunity . 
 if brought to bear in our conflict , those marath ` damane could disable us . 
 and if we could gain access to this weapon of theirs , or even their ability to travel great distances ... . 
 well , i believe that the risk of every to ` raken in our army is worth the gains . '' 
 `` if it pleases the highest daughter , '' general yulan continued . 
 `` our plan calls for the use twenty squads of the fist of heaven-two hundred troops total-and fifty linked sul ` dam . 
 we think that , perhaps , a small group of bloodknives would be appropriate as well . '' 
 bloodknives , the most elite members of the fist of heaven , itself an exclusive group . 
 yulan and galgan were dedicated to this action ! 
 one never committed bloodknives unless one was very serious , for they did not return from their missions . 
 their duty was to stay behind after the fists withdrew and cause damage-as much damage as possible-to the enemy . 
 if they could place some of them in tar valon , with orders to kill as many marattidamane as possible ... . 
 `` the dragon reborn will not react well to this raid , '' tuon said to galgan . 
 `` is he not connected to these marath ` damanel '' `` by some reports , '' galgan said . 
 `` others say he is opposed to them . 
 still others say they are his pawns . 
 our poor intelligence in this area lowers my eyes , highest daughter . 
 i have not been able to sort the lies from the truths . 
 until we have better information , we must assume the worst , that this raid will anger him greatly . '' 
 `` and you still think it worthwhile ? '' 
 `` yes , '' galgan said without hesitation . 
 `` if these marath ` damane are connected to the dragon reborn , then we have greater reason to strike now , before he can use them against us . 
 perhaps the raid will enrage him-but it will also weaken him , which will place you in a better position for negotiating with him . '' 
 tuon nodded thoughtfully . 
 undoubtedly , this was the difficult decision of the omen . 
 but her choice seemed very obvious . 
 not a difficult decision at all . 
 all of the marath ` damane in tar valon must be collared , and this was an excellent way to weaken resistance to the ever victorious army with a single , powerful blow . 
 but the omen spoke of a difficult decision . 
 she gestured to selucia . 
 `` are there any in the room who disapprove of this plan ? '' 
 the voice asked . 
 `` any who would offer objection to what general yulan and his men have advanced ? '' 
 the blood in the room regarded one another . 
 beslan might have stirred , but he remained silent . 
 the altarans had not made any objections to their marattidamane being collared ; it seemed they had little trust for those who could channel . 
 they had not been as prudent as amadicia in outlawing these aes sedai , but neither were they welcoming . 
 beslan would nor object to a strike against the white tower . 
 she sat back , waiting ... for what ? 
 perhaps this was n't the decision the omen had referred to . 
 she opened her mouth to give the order to go forward with the raid , but at that moment the opening of the doors made her pause . 
 the deathwatch guards who guarded the door stepped aside a moment later , admitting a so ` jhin who served in the hallway . 
 the strong-armed man , ma ` combe , bowed himself low to the ground , the black braid over his right shoulder dropping to the side and hitting the tiled floor . 
 `` may it please the daughter of the nine moons , lieutenant-general tylee khir-gan would like an audience . '' 
 galgan looked shocked . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 tuon asked him . 
 `` i had not realized that she had returned , highest daughter , '' he said . 
 `` i suggest in humility that she be given leave to speak . 
 she is one of my finest officers . '' 
 `` she may enter , '' selucia voiced . 
 a male da ` covale in a white robe entered , preceding a woman in armor , her helm under her arm . 
 dark of skin , with short black hair worn in tight curls against her scalp , she was tall and lean . 
 her hair was sprinkled with white at the temples . 
 the overlapping plates of her armor were striped with red , yellow and blue lacquer , and creaked as she walked . 
 she was only of the low blood-recently raised by general galgan 's order - but she had been informed of this via raken . 
 she wore her hair barely shaved a finger 's width up the sides of her head . 
 tylee 's eyes were red with fatigue . 
 judging by the scent of sweat and the stink of horse she gave off , she had come straight to tuon upon arriving in the city . 
 she was followed into the room by several younger soldiers , also exhausted , one bearing a large brown sack . 
 upon reaching the supplication space-a red square of cloth-all went down on their knees . 
 the common soldiers proceeded to touch foreheads to the floor , and tylee jerked as if to follow , but stopped herself . 
 she was not yet accustomed to being one of the blood . 
 `` it is obvious that you are tired , warrior , '' selucia voiced . 
 tuon leaned forward . 
 `` it is presumed that you have news of great import ? '' 
 tylee rose to one knee , then gestured to the side . 
 one of her soldiers rose to his knees and lifted up his brown sack . 
 it was stained on the bottom with a dark , crusted liquid . 
 blood . 
 `` if it pleases the highest daughter , '' tylee said , voice betraying exhaustion . 
 she nodded to her man , and he opened his sack , dumping things onto the floor . 
 the heads of several animals . 
 a boar , a wolf , and ... a hawk ? 
 tuon felt a chill . 
 that hawk 's head was as large as a person 's . 
 perhaps larger . 
 but they were not ... right . 
 the heads were horribly deformed . 
 she could swear that the hawk 's head , which rolled so that she could see the face clearly , had human eyes . 
 and ... the other heads had ... human features as well . 
 tuon suppressed a shiver . 
 what foul omen was this ? 
 `` what is the meaning of this ? '' 
 galgan demanded . 
 `` i presume that the highest daughter knows of my military venture against the aiel , '' tylee said , still on one knee . 
 tylee had captured damane during that engagement , though tuon did n't know much more than that . 
 general galgan had been awaiting her return with some curiosity to receive the full story . 
 `` in my venture , '' tylee continued , `` i was joined by men of various nationalities , none of whom had sworn the oaths . 
 i will give a full report on them when there is time . '' 
 she hesitated , then glanced at the heads . 
 `` these ... creatures ... attacked my company during our return ride , ten leagues from ebou dar . 
 we took heavy casualties . 
 we brought several full bodies as well as these heads . 
 they walked on two feet , like men , but had much the appearance of animals . '' 
 she hesitated again . 
 `` i believe them to be what some on this side of the ocean speak of as trollocs . 
 i believe them to be coming here . '' 
 chaos . 
 the blood began to argue about the implausibility of it . 
 general galgan immediately ordered his officers to organize patrols and send runners to warn of a potential attack on the city . 
 the sul ` dam at the side of the room hurried forward to inspect the heads while the deathwatch guards quietly surrounded tuon , to give an extra layer of defense , watching everyone-blood , servants , and soldiers-with equal care . 
 tuon felt she should be shocked . 
 but , oddly , she was n't . 
 so matrim was not mistaken about this , she signed covertly to selucia . 
 and she had assumed trollocs to be nothing more than superstition . 
 she glanced at the heads again . 
 revolting . 
 selucia seemed troubled . 
 are there other things he said that we discounted , i wonder ? 
 tuon hesitated . 
 we shall have to ask him . 
 i should very much like to have him back . 
 she froze ; she had n't meant to admit so much . 
 she found her own emotions curious , however . 
 she had felt safe with him , ridiculous though it seemed . 
 and she wished he were with her now . 
 these heads were yet another proof that she knew very little of him . 
 she reasserted control of the chattering crowd . 
 selucia voiced , `` you will silence yourselves . '' 
 the room fell still , though the blood and the sul ` dam still looked very disturbed . 
 tylee still knelt , head bowed , the soldier who had borne the heads kneeling beside her . 
 yes , she would have to be thoroughly questioned . 
 `` this news changes little , '' selucia voiced . 
 `` we were already aware that the last battle approaches . 
 we appreciate lieutenant-general tylee 's revelations . 
 she is to be commended . 
 but this only makes it more urgent that we subdue the dragon reborn . '' 
 there were several nods from those in the room , including general galgan . 
 beslan did not seem so quickly persuaded . 
 he just looked troubled . 
 `` if it pleases the highest daughter , '' tylee said , bowing . 
 `` you are allowed to speak . '' 
 `` these last few weeks , i have seen many things that have given me thought , '' tylee said . 
 `` even before my troops were attacked , i was worried . 
 the wisdom and grace of the highest daughter undoubtedly let her see further than one such as i , but i believe that our conquests so far in this land have been easy compared to what might come . 
 if i may be so bold ... i believe that the dragon reborn and those associated with him may make better allies than enemies . '' 
 it was a bold statement . 
 tuon leaned forward , lacquered nails clicking on the armrests of her chair . 
 many of the low blood would be so in awe at meeting one of the empress 's household , much less the highest daughter , that they would not dare speak . 
 yet this woman offered suggestions ? 
 in direct opposition to tuon 's published will ? 
 `` a difficult decision is not always a decision where both sides are equally matched , tuon , '' selucia said suddenly . 
 `` perhaps , in this case , a difficult decision is one that is right , but requires an implication of fault as well . '' 
 tuon blinked in surprise . 
 yes , she realized . 
 selucia is my truthspeaker now . 
 it would take time to accustom herself to the woman in that role . 
 it had been years since selucia had corrected or reproved her in public . 
 and yet , meeting with the dragon reborn , in person ? 
 she did need to contact him , and had planned to . 
 but would it not be bettet to go to him in strength , his armies defeated , the white tower torn down ? 
 she needed him brought to the crystal throne under very controlled circumstances , with the understanding that he was to submit to her authority . 
 and yet ... with seanchan in rebellion ... with her position here in altara barely stabilized ... well , perhaps some time to think-some time to take a few deep breaths and secure what she already had-would be worth delaying her strike on the white tower . 
 `` general galgan , send raken to our forces in almoth plain and eastern altara , '' she said firmly . 
 `` tell them to hold our interests , but avoid confrontation with the dragon reborn . 
 and reply to his request for a meeting . 
 the daughter of the nine moons will meet with him . '' 
 general galgan nodded , bowing . 
 order must be brought to the world . 
 if she had to do that by lowering her eyes slightly and meeting with the dragon reborn , then so be it . 
 oddly , she felt herself wishing-once again-that matrim were still with her . 
 she could have put his knowledge of this rand al ` thor to good use in preparing for the meeting . 
 stay well , you curious man , she thought , glancing back at the balcony , northward . 
 do not dig yourself into trouble deeper than you can climb to freedom . 
 you are prince of the ravens now . 
 remember to act appropriately . 
 wherever it is you are . 
 chapter 20 on a broken road women , '' mat declared as he rode pips down the dusty , little-used road , `` are like mules . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` wait . 
 no . 
 goats . 
 women are like goats . 
 except every flaming one thinks she 's a horse instead , and a prize racing mare to boot . 
 do you understand me , talmanes ? '' 
 `` pure poetry , mat , '' talmanes said , tamping the tabac down into his pipe . 
 mat flicked his reins , pips continuing to plod along . 
 tall three-needle pines lined the sides of the stone roadway . 
 they 'd been lucky to find this ancient road , which must have been made before the breaking . 
 it was mostly overgrown , the stones shattered in many places , large sections of the roadway just ... well , just gone . 
 sapling pines had begun to sprout at the sides of the roadway and between rocks , miniature versions of their towering fathers above . 
 the path was wide , if very rough , which was good . 
 mat had seven thousand men with him , all mounted , and they 'd been riding hard in the little under a week they 'd spent traveling since sending tuon back to ebou dar . 
 `` reasoning with a woman is impossible , '' mat continued , eyes forward . 
 `` it 's like ... well , reasoning with a woman is like sitting down to a friendly game of dice . 
 only the woman refuses to acknowledge the basic bloody rules of the game . 
 a man , he 'll cheat you-but he 'll do it honestly . 
 he 'll use loaded dice , so that you think you 're losing by chance . 
 and if you are n't clever enough to spot what he 's doing , then maybe he deserves to take your coin . 
 and that 's that . 
 `` a woman , though , she 'll sit down to that same game and she 'll smile , and act like she 's going to play . 
 only when it 's her turn to throw , she 'll toss a pair of her own dice that are blank on all six sides . 
 not a single pip showing . 
 she 'll inspect her throw , then she 'll look up at you and say , ` clearly i just won . ' 
 `` now , you 'll scratch your head and look at the dice . 
 then you 'll look up at her , then down at the dice again . 
 ` but there are n't any pips on these dice , ' you 'll say . '' 
 ` yes there are , ' she 'll say . 
 ` and both dice rolled a one . ' '' 
 ` that 's exactly the number you need to win , ' you 'll say . '' 
 ` what a coincidence , ' she 'll reply , then begin to scoop up your coins . 
 and you 'll sit there , trying to wrap your head bout what just happened . 
 and you 'll realize something . 
 a pair of ones is n't the winning throw ! 
 not when you threw a six on your turn . 
 that means she needed a pair of twos instead ! 
 excitedly , you 'll explain what you 've discovered . 
 only then , do you know what she 'll do ? '' 
 `` no idea , mat , '' talmanes replied , chewing on his pipe , a thin wisp of smoke curling out of the bowl . 
 `` then she 'll reach over , '' mat said , `` and rub the blank faces of her dice . 
 and then , with a perfectly straight face , she 'll say , ` i 'm sorry . 
 there was a spot of dirt on the dice . 
 clearly you can see that they actually came up as twos ! ' 
 and she 'll believe it . 
 she 'll bloody believe it ! '' 
 `` incredible , '' talmanes said . 
 `` only that 's not the end of it ! '' 
 `` i had presumed that it would n't be , mat . '' 
 `` she scoops up all of your coins , '' mat said , gesturing with one hand , the other steadying his ashandarei across his saddle . 
 `` and then every other woman in the room will come over and congratulate her on throwing that pair of twos ! 
 the more you complain , the more of those bloody women will join the argument . 
 you 'll be outnumbered in a moment , and each of those women will explain to you how those dice clearly read twos , and how you really need to stop behaving like a child . 
 every single flaming one of them will see the twos ! 
 even the prudish woman who has hated your woman from birth-since your woman 's granny stole the other woman 's granny 's honeycake recipe when they were both maids - that woman will side against you . '' 
 `` they are nefarious creatures indeed , '' talmanes said , voice flat and even . 
 talmanes rarely smiled . 
 `` by the time they 're done , '' mat continued , almost more to himself , `` you 'll be left with no coin , several lists ' worth of errands to run and what clothing to wear and a splitting headache . 
 you 'll sit there and stare at the table and begin to wonder , just maybe , if those dice did n't read twos after all . 
 if only to preserve what 's left of your sanity . 
 that 's what it 's like to reason with a woman , i tell you . '' 
 `` and you did so . 
 at length , '' `` you are n't making sport of me , are you ? '' 
 `` why , mat ! '' 
 the cairhienin said . 
 `` you know i 'd never do such a thing . '' 
 `` too bad , '' mat muttered , glancing at him suspiciously . 
 `` i could use a laugh . '' 
 he looked over his shoulder . 
 `` vanin ! 
 where on the dark one 's blistered backside are we ? '' 
 the fat former horsethief looked up . 
 he rode a short distance behind mat , and he carried a map of the area unrolled and folded across a board so he could read it in the saddle . 
 he 'd been poring over the bloody thing the better half of the morning . 
 mat had asked him to get them through murandy quietly , not get them lost in the mountains for months ! 
 `` that 's blinder 's peak , '' vanin said , gesturing with a pudgy finger toward a flat-topped mountain just barely visible over the tips of the pines . 
 `` at least , i think it is . 
 it might be mount sardlen . '' 
 the squat hill did n't look like much of a mountain ; it barely had any snow atop it . 
 of course , few `` mountains '' in this area were impressive , not compared to the mountains of mist , back near the two rivers . 
 here , northeast of the damona range , the landscape fell into a grouping of low foothills . 
 it was difficult terrain , but navigable , if one were determined . 
 and mat was determined . 
 determined not to be pinned in by the sean-chan again , determined not to be seen by any who did n't have to know he was there . 
 he 'd paid the butcher too much so far . 
 he wanted out of this hangman 's noose of a country . 
 `` well , '' mat said , reining pips back to ride beside vanin , `` which of those mountains is it ? 
 maybe we should go ask master roidelle again . '' 
 the map belonged to the master mapmaker ; it was only because of his presence that they 'd been able to find this roadway in the first place . 
 but vanin insisted on being the one to guide the troop-a mapmaker was n't the same thing as a scout . 
 you did n't have a dusty cartographer ride out and lead the way for you , vanin insisted . 
 in truth , master roidelle did n't have a lot of experience being a guide . 
 he was a scholar , an academic . 
 he could explain a map for you perfectly , but he had as much trouble as vanin making sense of where they were , since this roadway was so disjointed and broken , the pines high enough to obscure landmarks , the hilltops all nearly identical . 
 of course , there was also the fact that vanin seemed threatened by the presence of the mapmaker , as if he were worried about being unseated from his position guiding mat and the band . 
 mat had never expected such an emotion from the overweight horsethief . 
 it might have been enough to make him amused if they were n't lost so much of the flaming time . 
 vanin scowled . 
 `` i think that has to be mount sardlen . 
 yes . 
 it 's got to be . '' 
 `` which means ... ? '' 
 `` which means we keep heading along the roadway , '' vanin said . 
 `` the same thing i told you an hour ago . 
 we ca n't bloody march an army through a forest this thick , now can we ? 
 that means staying on the stones . '' 
 `` i 'm just asking , '' mat said , pulling down the brim of his hat against the sun . 
 `` a commander 's got to ask things like this . '' 
 `` i should ride ahead , '' vanin said , scowling again . 
 he was fond of scowls . 
 `` if that is mount sardlen , there should be a village of fair size an hour or two further along . 
 i might be able to spot it from the next rise . '' 
 `` go , then , '' mat said . 
 they had advance scouts out , of course , but none of them were as good as vanin . 
 despite his size , the man could sneak close enough to an enemy fortification to count the whiskers in the camp guards ' beards and never be seen . 
 he 'd probably make off with their stew , too . 
 vanin shook his head as he regarded the map again . 
 `` actually , '' he muttered , `` now that i think about it , maybe that 's favlend mountain ... . '' 
 he set off at a trot before mat could object . 
 mat sighed , heeling pips to catch up to talmanes . 
 the cairhienin shook his head . 
 he could be an intense one , talmanes . 
 early in their association , mat had assumed him to be stern , unable to have fun . 
 he was learning better . 
 talmanes was n't stern , he was just reserved . 
 but at times , there seemed to be a twinkle to the nobleman 's eyes , as if he were laughing at the world , despite that set jaw and his unsmiling lips . 
 today , he wore a red coat , trimmed with gold , and his forehead was shaved and powdered after cairhien in fashion . 
 it looked bloody ridiculous , but who was mat to judge ? 
 talmanes might have terrible fashion sense , but he was a loyal officer and a good man . 
 besides , he had excellent taste in wine . 
 `` do n't look so glum , mat , '' talmanes said , puffing on his gold-rimmed pipe . 
 where 'd he gotten that , anyway ? 
 mat did n't remember him having it before . 
 `` your men have full bellies , full pockets , and they just won a great victory . 
 not much more than that a soldier can ask for . '' 
 `` we buried a thousand men , '' mat said . 
 `` that 's no victory . '' 
 the memories in his head-the ones that were n't his-said he should be proud . 
 the battle had gone well . 
 but there were still those dead who had depended on him . 
 `` there are always losses , '' talmanes said . 
 `` you ca n't let them eat you up , mat . 
 it happens . '' 
 `` there are n't losses when you do n't fight in the first place . '' 
 `` then why ride to battle so often ? '' 
 `` i only fight when i ca n't avoid it ! '' 
 mat snapped . 
 blood and bloody ashes , he only fought when he had to . 
 when they trapped him ! 
 why did that seem to happen every time he turned around ? 
 `` whatever you say , mat , '' talmanes said , taking out his pipe and pointing it at mat knowingly . 
 `` but something 's got you on edge . 
 and it is n't the men we lost . '' 
 flaming noblemen . 
 even the ones you could stand , like talmanes , always thought they knew so much . 
 of course , mat was now a nobleman himself . 
 do n't think about that , he told himself . 
 talmanes had spent a few days calling mat `` your highness '' until mat had lost his temper and yelled at the man-cairhienin could be such sticklers for rank . 
 when mat had first realized what his marriage to tuon meant , he 'd laughed , but it had been the laughter of incredulous pain . 
 and men called him lucky . 
 well why could n't his luck have helped him avoid this fate ! 
 bloody prince of the ravens ? 
 what did that mean ? 
 well , right now he had to worry about his men . 
 he glanced over his shoulder , looking along the ranks of cavalrymen , with crossbowmen riding behind . 
 there were thousands of both , though mat had ordered their banners stowed . 
 they were n't likely to pass many travelers on this backwater path , but if anyone did set them , he did n't want their tongues wagging - would the seanchan chase him ? 
 he and tuon both knew they were on opposing sides now , and she 'd seen what his army could do . 
 did she love him ? 
 he was married to her , but seanchan did n't think like regular people . 
 she 'd stayed in his possession , enduring captivity , never running . 
 but he had little doubt that she 'd move against him if she thought it best for her empire . 
 yes , she 'd send men after him , though potential pursuit did n't trouble him half as much as the worry that she might not make it back to ebou dar safely . 
 someone had offered a very large pile of coin for tuon 's head . 
 that seanchan traitor , the leader of the army mat had destroyed . 
 had he been working alone ? 
 were there others ? 
 what had mat released tuon into ? 
 the questions haunted him . 
 `` should i have let her go , do you think ? '' 
 mat found himself asking . 
 talmanes shrugged . 
 `` you gave your word , mat , and i think that rather large seanchan fellow with the determined eyes and the black armor would n't have reacted well if you 'd tried to keep her . '' 
 `` she could still be in danger , '' mat said , almost to himself , still looking backward . 
 `` i should n't have let her out of my sight . 
 fool woman . '' 
 `` mat , '' talmanes said , pointing at him with the pipe again . 
 `` i 'm surprised at you . 
 why , you 're starting to sound downright husbandly . '' 
 that gave mat a start . 
 he twisted around in pips ' saddle . 
 `` what was that ? 
 what does that mean ? '' 
 `` nothing , mat , '' talmanes said hurriedly . 
 `` just that , the way you 're mooning after her , i - '' `` i 'm not mooning , '' mat snapped , pulling the lip of his hat down , then adjusting his scarf . 
 his medallion was a comfortable weight around his neck . 
 `` i 'm just worried . 
 that 's all . 
 she knows a lot about the band , and she could give away our strengths . '' 
 talmanes shrugged , puffing his pipe . 
 they rode for a time in silence . 
 the pine needles soughed in the wind , and mat occasionally heard women 's laughter from behind , where the aes sedai rode in a little cluster . 
 for all the fact that they did n't like one another , they usually got along just fine when others could see them . 
 but , as he 'd said to talmanes , women were only enemies with one another as long as there was n't a man around to gang up on . 
 the sun was marked by a blazing patch of clouds ; mat had n't seen pure sunlight in days . 
 he had n't seen tuon in as long either . 
 the two events seemed paired in his head . 
 was there a connection ? 
 bloody fool , he thought to himself . 
 next you 'll start thinking like her . 
 reading portents into every little thing , looking for symbols and meaning every time a rabbit runs across your path or a horse lets wind . 
 that kind of fortunetelling was all nonsense . 
 though he had to admit , he now cringed every time he heard an owl hoot twice . 
 `` have you ever loved a woman , talmanes ? '' 
 mat found himself asking . 
 `` several , '' the short man replied , riding with pipe smoke curling behind him . 
 `` ever consider marrying one of them ? '' 
 `` no , thank the light , '' talmanes said . 
 then , apparently , he thought better of what he 'd just said . 
 `` i mean , it was n't right for me at the time , mat . 
 but i 'm certain it will work out fine for you . '' 
 mat scowled . 
 if tuon was going to bloody finally decide to go through with the marriage , could n't she have picked a time when others could n't hear ? 
 but no . 
 she 'd gone and spoken in front of everyone , including the aes sedai . 
 that meant mat had been doomed . 
 aes sedai were great at keeping secrets unless those secrets could in any way embarrass or inconvenience matrim cauthon . 
 then you could be certain the news would spread through the entire camp in a day 's time , and likely be known three villages down the road as well . 
 his own bloody mother-leagues and leagues away-had probably heard the news by now . 
 `` i 'm not giving up gambling , '' mat muttered . 
 `` or drinking . '' 
 `` so i believe you 've told me , '' talmanes said . 
 `` three or four times so far . 
 i half believe that if i were to peek into your tent at night , i 'd find you mumbling it in your sleep . 
 ` i 'm going to keep bloody gambling ! 
 bloody , bloody gambling and drinking ! 
 where 's my bloody drink ? 
 anyone want to gamble for it ? ' '' 
 he said it with a perfectly straight face , but once again , there was that hint of a smile in his eyes , if you knew just where to look . 
 `` i just want to make sure everyone knows , '' mat said . 
 `` i do n't want anyone to start thinking i 'm getting soft just because of ... you know . '' 
 talmanes shot him a consoling look . 
 `` you wo n't go soft just because you got married , mat . 
 why , some of the great captains themselves are married , i believe . 
 davram bashere is for certain , and rodel ituralde . 
 no , you wo n't go soft because you 're married . '' 
 mat nodded sharply . 
 good that was settled . 
 `` you might go boring though , '' talmanes noted . 
 `` all right , that 's it , '' mat declared . 
 `` next village we find , we 're going to go dicing at the tavern . 
 you and me . '' 
 talmanes grimaced . 
 `` with the kind of third-rate wine these little mountain villages have ? 
 please , mat . 
 next you 'll be wanting me to drink ale . '' 
 `` no arguing . '' 
 mat glanced over his shoulder as he heard familiar voices . 
 olver-ears sticking out to the sides , diminutive face as ugly as any mat had seen-sat astride wind , chatting with noal , who rode beside him on a bony gelding . 
 the gnarled old man was nodding appreciatively to what olver was saying . 
 the little boy looked astonishingly solemn , and was undoubtedly explaining yet another of his theories on how to best sneak into the tower of ghenjei . 
 `` ho , now , '' talmanes said . 
 `` there 's vanin . '' 
 mat turned to spot a rider approaching along the rocky path ahead . 
 vanin always looked so ridiculous , perched like a melon atop the back of his horse , his feet sticking out to the sides . 
 but the man could ride , there was no doubting that . 
 `` it is mount sardlen , '' vanin proclaimed as he rode up to them , wiping his sweaty , balding brow . 
 `` the village is just ahead ; it 's called hin-derstap on the map . 
 these are bloody good maps , '' he added grudgingly . 
 mat exhaled in relief . 
 he 'd begun to think that they might end up wandering these mountains until the last battle came and went . 
 `` great , '' he began , `` we can - '' `` a village ? '' 
 a curt female voice demanded . 
 mat turned with a sigh as three riders forced their way up to the front of the column . 
 talmanes reluctantly raised a hand to the soldiers behind , halting the march as the aes sedai descended on poor vanin . 
 the rotund man squatted down in his saddle , looking for all the world as though he 'd rather have been discovered stealing horses-and therefore on his way to execution-than have to sit there and be interrogated by aes sedai . 
 joline led the pack . 
 once , mat might have described her as a pretty girl , with her slender figure and large , inviting brown eyes . 
 but that ageless aes sedai face was an instant warning for him now . 
 no , he would n't dare think of the green as pretty now . 
 begin letting yourself think of aes sedai as pretty , and in two clicks of the tongue you 'd find yourself wrapped around her finger and hopping at her command . 
 why , joline had already hinted that she 'd like to have mat as a warder ! 
 was she still sore at him because he 'd paddled her ? 
 she could n't hurt him with the power , of course-even without his medallion , since aes sedai were sworn not to use the power to kill except in very specific instances . 
 but he was no fool . 
 he 'd noticed that those oaths of theirs did n't say anything about using knives . 
 the two with joline were edesina , of the yellow ajah , and teslyn , of the red . 
 edesina was pleasant enough to look at , save for that ageless face , but teslyn was about as appetizing as a stick . 
 sharp of face , the ii-lianer woman was bony and scrappy , like an aged cat left too long on its own . 
 but she seemed to have a good head on her shoulders , from what mat had seen , and he 'd found her treating him with some measure of respect sometimes . 
 respect from a red . 
 imagine that . 
 still , from the way each of those aes sedai looked at mat in turn as they reached the front of the line , you 'd never know that they owed him their lives . 
 that was the way of it with women . 
 save her life , and she 'd inevitably claim that she 'd been about to escape on her own , and therefore owed you nothing . 
 half the time , she 'd berate you for messing up her supposed plans . 
 why did he bother ? 
 one of these days , burn him , he was going to get smart and leave the next lot crying in their chains . 
 `` what was this ? '' 
 joline demanded of vanin . 
 `` you 've finally determined where we are ? '' 
 `` bloody well have , '' vanin said , then unabashedly scratched himself . 
 good man , vanin . 
 mat smiled . 
 treated all people the same , vanin did . 
 aes sedai and all . 
 joline stared vanin straight in the eyes , looming like a gargoyle atop some lord 's mansion stonework . 
 vanin actually cringed , then wilted , then finally looked downward , abashed . 
 `` i mean , i have indeed , joline sedai . '' 
 mat felt his smile fade . 
 burn it all , vanin ! 
 `` excellent , '' joline said . 
 `` and there is a village ahead , i heard ? 
 finally , perhaps , we 'll find a decent inn . 
 i could use something other than the ` fare ' these ruffians of cauthon 's call food . '' 
 `` here now , '' mat said , `` that is n't - '' `` how far do we be from caemlyn , master cauthon ? '' 
 teslyn cut in . 
 she did her best to ignore joline . 
 the two of them seemed at one another 's throats lately-in the most cool-faced and outwardly amiable of ways , of course . 
 aes sedai did n't squabble . 
 he 'd gotten a talking to once for calling their `` discussions '' `` squabbles . '' 
 never mind that mat had sisters , and knew what a good squabble sounded like . 
 `` what did you say earlier , vanin ? '' 
 mat asked , looking at him . 
 `` that we 're about two hundred leagues from caemlyn ? '' 
 vanin nodded . 
 the plan was to head for caemlyn first , as he needed to meet up with estean and daerid and secure needed information and supplies . 
 after that , he could make good on his promise to thorn . 
 the tower of ghenjei would have to wait a few more weeks . 
 `` two hundred leagues , '' teslyn said . 
 `` how long until we arrive , then ? '' 
 `` well , i guess that depends , '' vanin said . 
 `` i could probably make two hundred leagues in a little over a week , if i were going alone , with a couple of good horses to ride in shifts and was crossing familiar terrain . 
 the whole army , though , through these hills using a broken roadway ? 
 twenty days , i 'd say . 
 maybe longer . '' 
 joline glanced at mat . 
 `` we are n't leaving the band behind , '' mat said . 
 `` not an option , joline . '' 
 she looked away , her expression dissatisfied . 
 `` you 're welcome to go on your own , '' mat said . 
 `` that goes for each of you . 
 you aes sedai are n't my prisoners ; leave any time you want , so long as you head north . 
 i wo n't risk you heading back to be taken by sean-chan . '' 
 what would it be like , traveling with just the band again , not an aes sedai in sight ? 
 ah , if only . 
 teslyn looked thoughtful . 
 joline glanced at her , but the red did n't give any indication if she 'd be willing to leave or not . 
 edesina , however , hesitated , then nodded to joline . 
 she was willing . 
 `` very well , '' joline said to mat with a haughty air . 
 `` it would be good to be away from your crudeness , cauthon . 
 prepare for us , say , twenty mounts and we shall be off . '' 
 `` twenty ? '' 
 mat asked . 
 `` yes , '' joline said . 
 `` your man here mentioned that he 'd need two horses to make the trip in a reasonable amount of time . 
 so that he could remount , presumably , when one of the beasts grew tired . '' 
 `` i count two of you , '' mat said , his anger rising . 
 `` that means four horses . 
 i figured you 'd be smart enough to do that math , joline . '' 
 and then , softer , he added . 
 `` if just barely . '' 
 joline eyes opened wide , and edesina 's expression was painted with shock . 
 teslyn gave him a shocked glance , seeming disappointed . 
 to the side , talmanes just lowered his pipe and whistled quietly . 
 `` that medallion of yours makes you impudent , matrim cauthon , '' joline said coldly . 
 `` my mouth makes me impudent , joline , '' mat replied with a sigh , fingering the medallion hidden beneath his loosely tied shirt . 
 `` the medallion just makes me truthful . 
 i believe you were going to explain why you need to take twenty of my horses when i barely have enough for my men as it is ? '' 
 `` two each for edesina and myself , '' joline said stiffly . 
 `` two each for the former sul ` dam . 
 you do n't presume that i 'm going to leave them behind to be corrupted by your little band here ? '' 
 `` two sul ` dam , '' mat said , ignoring the barb . 
 `` that 's eight horses . '' 
 `` two for setalle . 
 i assume she 'll want to be away from all of this with us . '' 
 `` ten . '' 
 `` two more for teslyn , '' joline said . 
 `` she will undoubtedly want to go with us , though she currently has nothing to say on the matter . 
 and we 'll need about four pack animals worth to carry our things . 
 they 'll have to trade their burdens too , so four more for that . 
 twenty . '' 
 `` which you 'll feed how ? '' 
 mat asked . 
 `` if you 're riding that hard , you wo n't have time to graze your horses . 
 there 's barely anything for them to eat these days anyway . '' 
 that had proven a big problem ; the spring grass was n't coming in . 
 the meadows they passed were brown with fallen leaves , the dead winter weeds pressed flat by snow , barely a new shoot of grass or weed . 
 horses could feed on the dead leaves and winter grass , of course , but wild deer and other animals had been active , eating down whatever they could find . 
 if the land did n't decide to start blooming soon ... well , they were in for a difficult summer . 
 but that was another problem entirely . 
 `` we will need you to give us feed , of course , '' joline said . 
 `` and some coin for inns ... . '' 
 `` and who is going to take care of all those horses ? 
 you going to brush them down each night , check their hooves , see that their feed is properly measured ? '' 
 `` i suppose we should take a handful of your soldiers with us , '' joline said , sounding dissatisfied . 
 `` a necessary inconvenience . '' 
 `` the only thing that is necessary , '' mat said flatly . 
 `` is for my men to stay where they 're wanted , not where they 're an inconvenience . 
 no , they stay-and you 'll have no coin from me . 
 if you want to go , you can take one horse each and a single packhorse to carry your things . 
 i 'll give you some feed for the poor beasts , and giving you that much is generous . '' 
 `` but with only one horse each , we 'll barely be faster than the army ! '' 
 joline said . 
 `` imagine that , '' mat said . 
 he turned away from her . 
 `` vanin , go and tell mandevwin to pass the word . 
 we 'll be camping soon . 
 i know it 's barely afternoon , but i want the band far enough from that village not to be threatening , but close enough that a few of us can go down to feel things out . '' 
 `` all right , '' vanin said , with none of the respect he 'd shown the bloody aes sedai . 
 he turned his horse and began to ride down the line . 
 `` and vanin , '' mat called . 
 `` make sure mandevwin is aware that when i say ' a few of us ' will go down , i mean a very small group , led by myself and talmanes . 
 i wo n't have that village invaded by seven thousand soldiers looking for fun ! 
 i 'll buy a cart in the town and what ale i can find , then send it back for the men . 
 there is to be strict order in camp , with no one accidentally wandering down to visit , now . 
 understand ? '' 
 vanin nodded , looking grim . 
 it was never fun to be the one who had to inform the men that they were n't going to be getting leave . 
 mat turned back to the aes sedai . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you taking my kind offer or not ? '' 
 joline just sniffed , then trotted her horse back down the ranks , obviously turning down the chance to go alone . 
 pity , that . 
 it would have made him smile each step of the way to think of it . 
 though , it probably would have taken joline all of three days to find some sap in a village somewhere to give her his horses so that her crew could ride faster . 
 edesina rode away , and teslyn trailed after , regarding mat with a curious expression . 
 she still looked disappointed in him too . 
 he glanced away , then felt annoyed at himself . 
 what did be care what she thought ? 
 talmanes was looking at him . 
 `` that was odd of you , mat , '' the man said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mat said . 
 `` the restriction on the men ? 
 they 're a good lot , the band , but i 've never known a group of soldiers who were n't likely to get themselves in a little trouble now and then , particularly where there 's ale to be found . '' 
 `` i was n't talking about the men , mat , '' talmanes said , bending to tap out his pipe against his stirrup , dottle falling to flutter back onto the stony roadway beside his horse . 
 `` i 'm talking about how you treated the aes sedai . 
 light , mat , we could have been rid of them ! 
 i 'd count twenty horses and some coin a bargain to be free of two aes sedai . '' 
 `` i wo n't be shoved around , '' mat said stubbornly , waving for the band to begin its march again . 
 `` not even to get rid of joline . 
 if she wants something from me , let her ask with a grain of politeness , rather than trying to bully me into giving her whatever she wants . 
 i 'm no lap dog . '' 
 burn it , he was n't ! 
 and he was n't husbandly either , whatever that meant . 
 `` you really do miss her , '' talmanes said , sounding a little surprised as their horses fell into pace beside one another . 
 `` what are you blathering about now ? '' 
 `` mat , you are not always the most refined of men , i 'll admit . 
 sometimes your humor is indeed a bit ripe and your tone on the brusque side . 
 but you are rarely downright rude , nor intentionally insulting . 
 you really are on edge , are n't you ? '' 
 mat said nothing , just pulled the brim of his hat down again . 
 `` i 'm sure that she will be fine , mat , '' talmanes said , tone gentler . 
 `` she is royalty . 
 they know how to take care of themselves . 
 and she 's got those soldiers watching after her . 
 not to mention ogier . 
 ogier warriors ! 
 who would think of such a thing ? 
 she 'll be all right . '' 
 `` we 're done with this conversation , '' mat said , shifting his spear to hold it upright , curved blade toward the unseen sun above , butt in the lancer 's strap at the side of his saddle . 
 `` i just - '' `` over , '' mat said . 
 `` you do n't have any more of that tabac , do you ? '' 
 talmanes sighed . 
 `` it was the last pinch . 
 good tabac-two rivers grown . 
 the only pouch of it i 've seen in some time . 
 it was a gift from king roedran , along with the pipe . '' 
 `` he must have valued you . '' 
 `` it was good , honest work , '' talmanes said . 
 `` and terribly boring . 
 not like riding with you , mat . 
 it 's good to have you back , crust and all . 
 but your talk of feed with the aes sedai does have me worried . '' 
 mat nodded . 
 `` how are we on rations ? '' 
 `` low , '' talmanes said . 
 `` we 'll buy what we can at the village , '' mat said . 
 `` we 've got coin coming out our ears , after what roedran gave you . '' 
 a small village was n't likely to have enough to supply the whole army . 
 but , according to the maps , they 'd soon be entering more populated lands . 
 you 'd pass a village or two every day in those areas , traveling with a quick force like the band . 
 to stay afloat , you scavenged and bought whatever little bit you could at each village you passed . 
 a wagonload here , a cartful there , a bucket or two of apples from a passing farmstead . 
 seven thousand men was a lot to feed , but a good commander knew not to turn down even a handful of grain . 
 it added up . 
 `` yes , but will the villagers sell ? '' 
 talmanes asked . 
 `` on our way down to meet you , we had a savage time getting anyone to sell us food . 
 seems there is n't much to be found these days . 
 food is getting scarce , no matter where you go and no matter how much money you have . '' 
 bloody perfect . 
 mat ground his teeth , then grew annoyed at himself for doing so . 
 well , maybe he was a little on edge . 
 not because of tuon , though . 
 either way , he needed to relax . 
 and that village ahead-what had vanin called it ? 
 hinderstap ? 
 `` how much coin do you have on you ? '' 
 talmanes frowned . 
 `` couple of gold marks , pouch full of silver crowns . 
 why ? '' 
 `` not enough , '' mat said , rubbing his chin . 
 `` we 'll have to dig some more out of my personal chest first . 
 maybe bring the whole thing . '' 
 he turned pips around . 
 `` come on . '' 
 `` wait , mat , '' talmanes said , reining in and following . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 `` you 're going to kindly take me up on my offer to go enjoy ourselves at the tavern , '' mat said . 
 `` and while we 're at it , we 're going to resupply . 
 if my luck 's with me , we 'll do it for free . '' 
 if egwene or nynaeve had been there , they 'd have boxed his ears and told him he was going to do no such thing . 
 tuon probably would have looked at him curiously and then said something that made him feel his shame right down into his boots . 
 the good thing about talmanes , however , was that he simply spurred his horse forward , face stoic , eyes betraying just a hint of amusement . 
 `` well , i 've got to see this , then ! '' 
 chapter 21 embers and ash perrin opened his eyes and found himself hanging in the air . 
 he felt a spike of terror , floundering in the sky . 
 black clouds boiled overhead , dark and ominous . 
 below , a plain of wild brown grasses rolled in the wind , no signs of humans . 
 no tents , no roads , not even any footprints . 
 perrin was n't falling . 
 he just hung there . 
 he waved his arms reflex-ively , as if to swim , panicking as his mind tried to make sense of the dis-orientation . 
 the wolf dream , he thought . 
 i 'm in the wolf dream . 
 i went to sleep , hoping to come here . 
 he forced himself to breathe in and out and still his flailing , though it was difficult to be calm while hanging hundreds of feet up in the sky . 
 suddenly , a gray-furred form shot past him , leaping through the air . 
 the wolf soared down to the field below , landing easily . 
 `` hopper ! '' 
 jump down , young bull . 
 jump . 
 it is safe . 
 as always , the sending from the wolf came as a mixture of scents and images . 
 perrin was getting better and better at interpreting those-the soft earth as a representation of the ground , rushing wind as an image of jumping , the scent of relaxation and calmness to indicate there was no need to fear . 
 `` but how ? '' 
 times before , you always rushed ahead , like a pup newly weaned . 
 jump . 
 jump down ! 
 far below , hopper sat on his haunches in the field , grinning up at perrin . 
 perrin ground his teeth and muttered a curse or two for stubborn wolves . 
 it seemed to him that the dead ones were particularly bull-headed . 
 though hopper did have a point . 
 perrin had leaped before in this place , if never from the sky itself . 
 he took a deep breath , then closed his eyes and imagined himself jumping . 
 air rushed around him in a sudden burst , but then his feet hit soft ground . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 a large gray wolf , scarred from many fights , was sitting on the ground beside him , and wild millet spread out in a broad plain around him , heavily mixed with stands of long , thin grasses that reached high in the air . 
 scratchy stalks rubbed against per-rin 's arms in the wind , making him itch . 
 the grasses smelled too dry , like cut hay left in a barn over the winter . 
 some things were transitory here in the wolf dream ; leaves lay in a pile by his feet at one moment , but then were gone the next . 
 everything smelled just faintly stale , as if it were n't quite there . 
 he looked up . 
 the sky was stormy . 
 normally , clouds in this place were as transitory as other things . 
 it could be completely overcast ; then , in a blink , it would suddenly be clear . 
 this time , those dark storm clouds remained . 
 they boiled , spun , and shot lines of lightning between different thunderheads . 
 yet the lightning never struck the ground , and it made no noise . 
 the plain was oddly silent . 
 the clouds shrouded the entire sky , ominous . 
 and they did not leave . 
 the hast hunt comes . 
 hopper looked up at the sky . 
 we will run together , then . 
 unless we sleep instead . 
 `` sleep ? '' 
 perrin said . 
 `` what of the last hunt ? '' 
 it comes , hopper agreed . 
 if shadowkiller falls to the storm , all will sleep forever . 
 if he lives , then we will hunt together . 
 you and us . 
 perrin rubbed his chin , trying to sort through the sending of images , smells , sounds , feelings . 
 it made little sense to him . 
 but , well , he was here now . 
 he 'd wanted to come , and he 'd decided that he 'd get some answers from hopper , if he could . 
 it was good to see hopper again . 
 run , hopper sent . 
 his sending was not alarmed . 
 it was an offer . 
 let us run together . 
 perrin nodded , and began to jog through the grasses . 
 hopper loped beside him , sending amusement . 
 two legs , young bull ? 
 two legs are slow ! 
 that sending was an image of men stumbling over themselves , tripping because of their elongated , silly legs . 
 perrin hesitated . 
 `` i have to keep control , hopper , '' he said . 
 `` when i let the wolf take control ... well , i do dangerous things . '' 
 the wolf cocked his head , trotting beside perrin across the grassy field . 
 the stalks crunched and scraped as the two of them passed through , finding a small game trail , turning along it . 
 run , hopper urged , obviously confused at perrin 's reluctance . 
 `` i ca n't , '' perrin said , stopping . 
 hopper turned and took a few bounds back to him . 
 he smelled confused . 
 `` hopper , i frighten myself , '' perrin said , `` when i lose control . 
 the first time it happened to me was just after i met the wolves . 
 you need to help me understand . '' 
 hopper simply continued to stare at him , tongue hanging out the front of his mouth just slightly , jaws parted . 
 why am i doing this ? 
 perrin thought , shaking his head . 
 wolves did n't think like men . 
 what did it matter what hopper thought of it all ? 
 we will hunt together , hopper sent . 
 `` what if i do n't want to hunt with you ? '' 
 perrin said . 
 saying the words made his heart twist . 
 he did like this place , the wolf dream , dangerous though it could be . 
 there were wonderful things about what had happened to him since leaving the two rivers . 
 but he could n't continue to lose control . 
 he had to find a balance . 
 throwing away the axe had made a difference . 
 the axe and the hammer were different weapons-one could be used only for killing , while the other gave him a choice . 
 but he had to make good on that choice . 
 he had to control himself . 
 and the first step seemed to be learning to control the wolf within him . 
 run with me , young bull , hopper sent . 
 forget these thoughts . 
 run like a wolf . 
 `` i ca n't , '' perrin replied . 
 he turned , scanning the plains . 
 `` but i need to know this place , hopper . 
 i need to learn how to use it , control it . '' 
 men , hopper thought , sending the smells of dismissiveness and anger . 
 control . 
 always control . 
 `` i want you to teach me , '' perrin said , turning back to the wolf . 
 `` i want to master this place . 
 will you show me how ? '' 
 hopper sat back on his haunches . 
 `` fine , '' perrin said . 
 `` i will search out other wolves who will . '' 
 he turned , striking down the game trail . 
 he did n't recognize this place , but he 'd learned that the wolf dream was unpredictable . 
 this meadow with the waist-high grass and its stands of yew could be anywhere . 
 where would he find wolves ? 
 he quested out with his mind , and found that it was much more difficult to do here . 
 you do n't want to run . 
 but you look for wolves . 
 why are you so difficult , cub ? 
 hopper sat in front of him in the grass . 
 perrin grumbled , then took a leap that launched him through the air a hundred yards . 
 he landed with his foot falling to the grass as if it had been a normal step . 
 and there hopper was ahead of him . 
 perrin had n't seen the wolf leap . 
 he had been in one place , and now in another . 
 perrin gritted his teeth , questing out again . 
 for other wolves . 
 he felt something , distant . 
 he needed to push harder . 
 he concentrated , drew more strength into himself , somehow , and managed to push his mind farther . 
 this is dangerous , young bull , hopper sent . 
 you come here too strongly . 
 you will die . 
 `` you always say that , '' perrin replied . 
 `` tell me what i want to know . 
 show me how to learn . '' 
 stubborn pup , hopper sent . 
 return when you are n't determined to poke your snout into afireasp 's den . 
 with that , something slammed against perrin , a weight against his mind . 
 everything vanished , and he was tossed-like a leaf before a storm-out of the wolf dream . 
 faile felt her husband stir next to her as he slept . 
 she glanced at him in the dark room ; though she lay beside him on the pallet , she had n't been sleeping . 
 she 'd been waiting , listening to his breaths . 
 he turned onto his back , muttering drowsily . 
 of all the nights for him to be restless ... she thought with annoyance . 
 they were a week out of maiden . 
 the refugees had made camp-or , well , camps-near a waterway that led straight to the jehannah road , which was only a short distance away . 
 things had gone smoothly these last few days , though perrin had judged the asha ` man too tired still to make gateways . 
 she had spent the evening with her husband , reminding him of several important reasons why he 'd married her in the first place . 
 he 'd certainly been enthusiastic , though there was that odd edge to his eyes . 
 not a dangerous edge , just a sorrowful one . 
 he had grown haunted while they were apart . 
 she could understand that . 
 she had a few ghosts of her own . 
 one could not expect everything to remain the same , and she could tell that he still loved her-loved her fiercely . 
 that was enough , and so she did n't worry on it further . 
 but she was planning an argument that would pull his secrets from him . 
 she would wait a few more days for that . 
 it was good to remind a husband that one would not sit content with everything he did , but it would n't do to make him think she was unappreciative to have him back . 
 quite the opposite . 
 she smiled , rolling over and laying her hand on his chest , furred with hair , her head on his bare shoulder . 
 she loved this burly , tumbling avalanche of a man . 
 being back with him was sweeter , even , than the victory of her escape from the shaido . 
 his eyes fluttered open and she sighed . 
 love him or not , she wished he 'd remain asleep this night ! 
 had n't she tired him out enough ? 
 he looked at her ; his golden eyes seemed to glow just faintly in the darkness , though she knew it was a trick of the light . 
 then he pulled her a little closer . 
 `` i did n't sleep with berelain , '' he said , voice gruff . 
 `` no matter what the rumors say . '' 
 dear , sweet , blunt perrin . 
 `` i know you did n't , '' she said consolingly . 
 she 'd heard the rumors . 
 virtually every woman she 'd talked to in the camp , from aes sedai to servant , had pretended she was trying to hold her tongue , yet spilled the same news . 
 perrin , spending a night in the first of mayene 's tent . 
 `` no , really , '' perrin said , a pleading tone entering his voice . 
 `` i did n't , faile . 
 please . '' 
 `` i said i believed you . '' 
 `` you sounded ... i do n't know . 
 burn it , woman , you sounded jealous . '' 
 would he never learn ? 
 `` perrin , '' she said flatly . 
 `` it took me the better part of a year-not to mention considerable trouble-to seduce you , and then it only worked because there was a marriage involved ! 
 berelain has n't the skill to handle you . '' 
 he reached his right hand up , scratching his beard , seeming confused . 
 then he just smiled . 
 `` besides , '' she added , snuggling closer , `` you spoke the words . 
 and i trust you . '' 
 `` so you 're not jealous ? '' 
 `` of course i am , '' she said , swatting his chest . 
 `` perrin , have n't i explained this ? 
 a husband needs to know his wife is jealous , otherwise he wo n't realize how much she cares for him . 
 you guard that which you find most precious . 
 honestly , if you keep making me spell things out like this , then i wo n't have any secrets left ! '' 
 he snorted softly at that last comment . 
 `` i doubt that 's possible . '' 
 he grew quiet , and she closed her eyes , hoping he 'd go back to sleep . 
 outside the tent , she could hear the distant voices of guards chatting on patrol and the sound of one of the farriers-jerasid , aemin or falton - working late into the night , pounding out a shoe or nail to ready one of the horses for the next day 's march . 
 it was good to hear that sound again . 
 the aiel were useless when it came to horses , and the shaido had either released the ones they captured or turned them into workhorses . 
 she had seen many fine saddle mares pulling carts during her days in maiden . 
 should it feel strange to be back ? 
 she had spent less than two months as a captive , but it had seemed like years . 
 years spent running errands for sevanna , being punished arbitrarily . 
 but that time had not broken her . 
 strangely , she 'd felt more like a noblewoman during those days than she had before . 
 it was as if she had n't quite understood what it was to be a lady until maiden . 
 oh , she 'd had her share of victories . 
 cba faile , the people of the two rivers , alliandre and perrin 's camp members . 
 she 'd put her training to use , helping perrin learn to be a leader . 
 all of this had been important , had required her to use what her mother and father had trained her to be . 
 but maiden had opened her eyes . 
 there , she had found people who had needed her more than she 'd ever been needed before . 
 beneath se-vanna 's cruel dictatorship , there had been no time for games , no room for mistakes . 
 she had been humiliated , beaten and nearly killed . 
 and that had given her a true understanding of what it was to be a liege lady . 
 she actually felt a stab of guilt for the times she had lorded over perrin , trying to force him-or others-to bend to her will . 
 being a noblewoman meant going first . 
 it meant being beaten so others were not . 
 it meant sacrificing , risking death , to protect those who depended upon you . 
 no , it did n't feel strange to be back , for she 'd taken maiden-the parts that mattered-with her . 
 hundreds had sworn allegiance to her among the gai ` shain , and she had saved them . 
 she had done it through perrin , but she had made plans , and one way or another , she would have escaped and brought back an army to free those who had sworn to her . 
 there had been costs . 
 but she would deal with those later tonight , light willing . 
 she opened an eye and peeked at perrin . 
 he seemed to be sleeping , but was his breath even ? 
 she slipped her arm free . 
 `` i do n't care what happened to you , '' he said . 
 she sighed . 
 no , not asleep . 
 `` what happened to me ? '' 
 she asked with confusion . 
 he opened his eyes , staring up at the tent . 
 `` the shaido , the man who was with you when i saved you . 
 whatever he did ... whatever you did to survive . 
 it 's all right . '' 
 was that what was bothering him ? 
 light ! 
 `` you big ox , '' she said , thumping a fist on his chest , causing him to grunt . 
 `` what are you saying ? 
 that it would be all right for me to be unfaithful ? 
 just after you were so concerned to tell me that you had n't been ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no , it 's different , faile . 
 you were a prisoner , and - '' `` and i ca n't care for myself ? 
 you are an ox . 
 no one touched me . 
 they 're aiel . 
 you know they would n't dare harm a gai ` shain . '' 
 it was n't quite true ; women had often been abused in the shaido camp , for the shaido had stopped acting like aiel . 
 but there had been others in the camp , aiel who had n't been shaido . 
 men who had refused to accept rand as their car ` a ` carn , but who also had trouble accepting shaido authority . 
 the brotherless had been men of honor ; though they 'd called themselves cast off , they had been the only ones in maiden who had maintained the old ways . 
 when the gai ` sbain women had started to be in danger , the brotherless had chosen and protected those they could . 
 they had n't asked anything for their efforts . 
 well ... that was n't true . 
 they had asked for much , but had demanded nothing . 
 rolan had always been an aiel to her in action , if not in word . 
 but , like masema 's death , her relationship with rolan was not something perrin needed to know about . 
 she had never so much as kissed rolan , but she had used his desire for her as an advantage . 
 and she suspected that he 'd known what she was doing . 
 perrin had killed rolan . 
 that was another reason that her husband did n't need to know about the brotherless man 's kindness . 
 it would tear perrin apart inside if he knew what he 'd done . 
 perrin relaxed , closing his eyes . 
 he had changed during these two months , perhaps as much as she had . 
 that was good . 
 in the borderlands , her people had a saying : `` only the dark one stays the same . '' 
 men grew and progressed ; the shadow just remained as it was . 
 evil . 
 `` we 'll have to do some planning tomorrow , '' perrin said , yawning . 
 `` once gateways are available , we will have to decide whether to force the people to leave , and decide who goes first . 
 has anyone discovered what happened to masema ? '' 
 `` not that i know of , '' she said carefully . 
 `` but with so many of his possessions gone from his tent ... . '' 
 `` masema does n't care about possessions , '' perrin mumbled quietly , eyes still closed . 
 `` though maybe he would have taken them to rebuild . 
 i guess he might have run off , though it 's strange that nobody knows where or how . '' 
 `` he probably slipped away during the confusion after the battle . '' 
 `` probably , '' perrin agreed . 
 `` i wonder ... '' he yawned . 
 `` i wonder what rand will say . 
 masema was the point of this whole trip . 
 i was to fetch him and bring him back , and i guess i 've failed . '' 
 `` you destroyed the men who were murdering and robbing in the dragon 's name , '' faile said , `` and you cut out the heart of the shaido leadership , not to mention all you 've learned about the seanchan . 
 i think the dragon will find that what you 've accomplished here far outweighs not bringing masema back . '' 
 `` maybe you 're right , '' perrin mumbled sleepily . 
 `` blasted colors . 
 ... i do n't want to watch you sleeping , rand . 
 what happened to your hand ? 
 light-blinded fool , take better care of yourself ... . 
 you 're all we have ... . 
 last hunt coming . 
 ... '' she could barely make out that last part . 
 why was he talking about rand 's hand going hunting ? 
 was he actually falling asleep this time ? 
 sure enough , he soon started snoring softly . 
 she smiled , shaking her head fondly . 
 he was an ox , sometimes . 
 but he was her ox . 
 she climbed off of the pallet and moved through their tent , pulling on a robe and tying its belt . 
 a pair of sandals followed , and then she slipped out through the tent flaps . 
 arrela and lacile guarded there , along with two maidens . 
 the maidens nodded to her ; they would keep her secret . 
 faile left the maiden guards , but took arrela and lacile with her as she walked out into the darkness . 
 arrela was a dark-haired tairen woman who was taller than most maidens , with a brusque way about her . 
 lacile was short , pale , and very slender , and she walked with a graceful sway . 
 they were as different as women could get , perhaps , though their captivity had united them all . 
 both members of cha faile had been captured with her and gone to maiden as gai ` sbain . 
 after traveling a short distance , they picked up two other maidens - bain and chiad had spoken with them , likely . 
 they passed out of the camp , moving to a spot where a pair of willow trees stood side by side . 
 there , faile was met by a pair of women who still wore gai ` shain white . 
 bain and chiad were maidens themselves , first-sisters and dear to faile . 
 they were more loyal-even-than those who had sworn to her . 
 loyal to her , yet free of oaths to her . 
 a contradiction only aiel could pull off . 
 unlike faile and the others , bain and chiad would not put off the white just because their captors had been defeated . 
 they would wear the clothing for a year and a day . 
 in fact , coming here this night - acknowledging their lives from before they had been taken-stretched what their honor would allow . 
 however , they admitted that being gai ` shain in the shaido camp had been anything but standard . 
 faile met them with a smile , but did not shame them by calling them by name or by using maiden handtalk . 
 however , she could n't keep herself from asking , `` you are well ? '' 
 as she accepted a small bundle from chiad . 
 chiad was a beautiful woman with gray eyes and short , reddish blond hair hidden beneath the hood of her gai ` shain robe . 
 she grimaced at the question . 
 `` gaul searched the entire shaido camp to find me , and reports say he defeated twelve algai 'd ` siswai with his spear . 
 perhaps i shall have to make a bridal wreath for him after all , once this is all through . '' 
 faile smiled . 
 chiad smiled back . 
 `` he did not expect that one of the men he killed would turn out to be the one to whom bain was gai ` shain . 
 i do not think gaul is happy to have both of us serving him . '' 
 `` foolish man , '' bain-the taller of the two-said . 
 `` very like him to not watch where he jabbed his spear . 
 he could n't kill the right man without accidentally slaying a few others . '' 
 both women chuckled . 
 faile smiled and nodded ; aiel humor was beyond her . 
 `` thank you very much for fetching these , '' she said , holding up the small , cloth-wrapped bundle . 
 `` it was nothing , '' chiad said . 
 `` there were too many hands working that day , so it was easy . 
 alliandre maritha kigarin already waits for you at the trees . 
 we should return to the camp . '' 
 `` yes , '' bain added . 
 `` perhaps gaul would like his back rubbed again , or water fetched for him . 
 he grows so angry when we ask , but gai ` shain gain honor only through service . 
 what else are we to do ? '' 
 the women laughed again , and faile shook her head as they ran back toward the camp , white robes swishing . 
 she cringed at the thought of having to wear such clothing again , if only because it made her think about her days of service to sevanna . 
 lanky arrela and graceful lacile joined her at the base of the two willows . 
 the maiden guards stayed behind , watching from afar . 
 a third maiden joined those two , moving out of the shadows , likely sent by bain and chiad to protect alliandre . 
 faile found the dark-haired queen standing at the base of the trees , looking like a lady again in a rich red gown with golden chains lacing her hair . 
 it was an extravagant display , as if she were determined to disprove the days she 'd spent acting as a servant . 
 alliandre 's gown made faile more aware of her simple robe . 
 but there was n't much she could have done without waking perrin . 
 arrela and lacile wore only the embroidered breeches and shirts common to those in cba faile . 
 alliandre carried a small lantern with the shutters drawn , letting out only a crack of light that illuminated her youthful face , topped by dark hair . 
 `` did they find anything ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` please tell me that they did . '' 
 she had always been impressively grounded , for a queen , if somewhat demanding . 
 her time in maiden seemed to have tempered the latter feature . 
 `` yes . '' 
 faile hefted the bundle . 
 the four women huddled around her as she knelt on the ground , the tips of the short grass lit by the lantern , shining like tongues of flame . 
 faile unwrapped the bundle . 
 the contents were n't anything extraordinary . 
 a small handkerchief of yellow silk . 
 a belt of worked leather which had a pattern of bird feathers pressed into its sides . 
 a black veil . 
 and a thin leather band with a stone tied at the center . 
 `` that belt belonged to kinhuin , '' alliandre said , pointing to it . 
 `` i saw him wearing it , before . 
 ... '' she trailed off , then knelt and picked it up . 
 `` the veil is that of a maiden , '' arrela said . 
 `` they 're different ? '' 
 alliandre asked with surprise . 
 `` of course they are , '' arrela said , picking up the veil . 
 faile had never met the maiden who had become arrela 's protector , but the woman had fallen in the battle , though not as dramatically as rolan and the others . 
 the piece of silk was jhoradin 's ; lacile hesitated , then took it in her hands , turning it over and revealing that there was a spot of blood on it . 
 that left only the leather cord . 
 rolan had worn it at his neck , on occasion , beneath his cadin ` sor . 
 faile wondered what it had meant to him , and if there was any significance to the single bit of stone , a rough-cut chunk of turquoise . 
 she picked it up , then glanced at lacile . 
 surprisingly , the slender woman seemed to be crying . 
 because lacile had gone so quickly to the hefty brotherless 's bed , faile had assumed that her relationship with him had been one of necessity , not affection . 
 `` four people are dead , '' faile said , mouth suddenly dry . 
 she spoke formally , for that was the best way to keep the emotion from her voice . 
 `` they protected us , even cared for us . 
 though they were the enemy , we mourn them . 
 remember , though , that they were aiel . 
 for an aiel , there are far worse ends than death in combat . '' 
 the others nodded , but lacile met faile 's eyes . 
 for the two of them , it was different . 
 when perrin had barreled out of that alleyway-roaring in anger at seeing faile and lacile apparently being manhandled by shaido - many things had happened very quickly . 
 in the fray , faile had distracted rolan at just the right moment , making him hesitate . 
 he 'd done so out of concern for her , but that pause had allowed perrin to kill him . 
 had faile done it intentionally ? 
 she still did n't know . 
 so much had been going through her mind , so many emotions at seeing perrin . 
 she 'd cried out , and ... she could not decide if she 'd been trying to distract rolan to let him die by perrin 's hand . 
 for lacile , there was no such wavering . 
 jhoradin had leaped in front of her , putting her behind him and raising his weapon against the intruder . 
 she 'd put a knife in his back , killing a man for the first time in her life . 
 and it had been a man whose bed she 'd shared . 
 faile had killed kinhuin , the other member of the brotherless who had protected them . 
 he was n't the first man whose life she had taken - nor the first one she 'd taken from behind . 
 but he was the first man she 'd killed who had seen her as a friend . 
 there was nothing else that could have been done . 
 perrin had seen only shaido , and the brotherless had seen only an invading enemy . 
 that conflict could not have ended without perrin or the brotherless dead . 
 no amount of screaming would have stopped any of the men . 
 but that made it more tragic . 
 faile steeled herself to keep her eyes from tearing up like lacile 's . 
 she had n't loved rolan , and she was glad that perrin was the one who had survived the conflict . 
 but rolan had been an honorable man , and she felt ... dirtied , somehow , that his death had been her fault . 
 this should n't have had to be . 
 but it was . 
 her father had often spoken of situations like this , when you had to kill people you liked just because you met them on the wrong side of the battlefield . 
 she 'd never understood . 
 if she had to go back and do it again , she would take the very same actions . 
 she would n't be able to risk perrin . 
 rolan had had to die . 
 but the world seemed a sadder place to her for the necessity of it . 
 lacile turned away , sniffling softly . 
 faile knelt , taking a small flask of oil from the bundle chiad had left . 
 she took the leather strap and pulled off the stone , then set the strap in the center of the cloth bundle . 
 she poured the oil on it , then used a tinder stick , lit at the lantern , to set the strap afire . 
 she watched it burn , tiny little flames of blue and green , topped by orange . 
 the scent of burning leather was shockingly similar to that of burning human flesh . 
 the night was still , no wind to shake the flames , and so they danced freely . 
 alliandre doused the belt and put it on to the miniature fire . 
 arrela did the same with the veil . 
 finally , lacile added the handkerchief . 
 she was still crying . 
 this was all they could do . 
 there had n't been a way to see to the bodies in the chaos of leaving maiden . 
 chiad had said there was no dishonor in leaving them , but faile had needed to do something . 
 some small way of honoring rolan and the others . 
 `` dead by our hand , '' faile said , `` or simply dead from battle , these four showed us honor . 
 as the aiel would say , we have great toh to them . 
 i do n't think it can be repaid . 
 but we can remember them . 
 the brother-less and one maiden showed us kindness when they did n't need to . 
 they kept their honor when others had abandoned it . 
 if there is a redemption to be found for them , and for us , this will be it . '' 
 `` there 's a brotherless in perrin 's camp , '' lacile said , eyes reflecting the flames of their pyre . 
 `` niagen is his name ; he is gai ` shain to sulin , the maiden . 
 i went to tell him of what the others did for us . 
 he is a kind man . '' 
 faile closed her eyes . 
 lacile probably meant that she had gone to the bed of this niagen . 
 that was n't forbidden of gai ` shain . 
 `` you ca n't replace jhoradin like that , '' she said , opening her eyes . 
 `` or undo what you did . '' 
 `` i know , '' lacile said defensively . 
 `` but they were so full of humor , despite the terrible situation . 
 there was something about them . 
 jhoradin wanted to take me back to the three-fold land , make me his wife . '' 
 and you 'd never have done it , faile thought . 
 / know you would n't have . 
 but now that he 's dead , you realize the opportunity you lost . 
 well , who was she to chastise ? 
 let lacile do as she wished . 
 if this niagen was half the man that rolan or the others had been , then perhaps lacile would do well with him . 
 `` kinhuin had only just started looking out for me , '' alliandre said . 
 `` i know what he wished for , but he never demanded it . 
 i think he was planning to leave the shaido , and would have helped us escape . 
 even if i turned him down , he would have helped us . '' 
 `` marthea hated what the other shaido did , '' arrela said . 
 `` but she stayed with them for her clan . 
 she died for that loyalty . 
 there are worse things to die for . '' 
 faile watched the last embers of the miniature pyre flicker out . 
 `` i think rolan actually loved me , '' she said . 
 and that was all . 
 the four rose and returned to the camp . 
 the past was a field of embers and ash , an old saldaean proverb said , the remnants of the fire that was the present . 
 those embers blew away behind her . 
 but she kept rolan 's turquoise stone . 
 not for regret , but for remembrance . 
 perrin lay awake in the still night , smelling the canvas of his tent and the unique scent of faile . 
 she was n't there , though she had been recently . 
 he 'd dozed off , and now she was gone . 
 perhaps to the privy . 
 he stared up in the darkness , trying to make sense of hopper and the wolf dream . 
 the more he thought about it , the more determined he grew . 
 he would march to the last battle-and when he did , he wanted to be able to control the wolf inside of him . 
 he wanted either to be free of all of these people who followed him , or to learn how to accept their loyalty . 
 he had some decisions to make . 
 they would n't be easy , but he 'd make them . 
 a man had to do hard things . 
 that was the way of life . 
 that was what had gone wrong with the way he 'd handled faile 's capture . 
 instead of making decisions , he 'd avoided them . 
 master luhhan would have been disappointed in him . 
 and that led perrin to another decision , the hardest of all . 
 he was going to have to let faile ride into danger , perhaps risk her again . 
 was that a decision ? 
 could he make such a decision ? 
 the mere thought of her in danger made him want to sick up . 
 but he would have to do something . 
 three problems . 
 he would face them and he would decide . 
 but he would consider them first , because that was what he did . 
 a man was a fool to make decisions without thinking first . 
 but the decision to face his problems brought him a measure of peace , and he rolled over and drifted back to sleep . 
 chapter 22 the last that could be done semirhage sat alone in the small room . 
 they had taken away her chair and given her no lantern or candle . 
 blast this cursed age and its cursed people ! 
 what she would have given for glowbulbs on the walls . 
 during her days , prisoners had n't been denied light . 
 of course , she had locked several of her experiments away in total darkness , but that was different . 
 it had been important to discover what effect the lack of light would have on them . 
 these so-called aes sedai who held her , they had no rational reason for leaving her in darkness . 
 they just did it to humiliate her . 
 she pulled her arms closer , huddling against the wooden wall . 
 she did not cry . 
 she was of the chosen ! 
 so what if she had been forced to abase herself ? 
 she was not broken . 
 but ... the fool aes sedai no longer regarded her as they had . 
 semirhage had n't changed , but they had . 
 somehow , in one swoop , that cursed woman with the paralis-net in her hair had unraveled semirhage 's authority with the entire lot of them . 
 how ? 
 how had she lost control so quickly ? 
 she shuddered as she remembered being turned over the woman 's knees and spanked . 
 and the nonchalance of it . 
 the only emotion in the woman 's voice had been a slight annoyance . 
 she 'd treated semirhage-one of the chosen ! 
 - as if she were barely worthy of notice . 
 that had galled more than the blows . 
 it would not happen again . 
 semirhage would be ready for the blows next time , and she would give them no weight . 
 yes , that would work . 
 would n't it ? 
 she shuddered again . 
 she had tortured hundreds , perhaps thousands , in the name of understanding and reason . 
 torture made sense . 
 you truly saw what a person was made of , in more ways than one , when you began to slice into them . 
 that was a phrase she 'd used on numerous occasions . 
 it usually made her smile . 
 this time it did not . 
 why could n't they have given her pain ? 
 broken fingers , cuts into her flesh , coals in the pits of her elbows . 
 she had steeled her mind to each of these things , preparing for them . 
 a small , eager part of herself had looked forward to them . 
 but this ? 
 being forced to eat food off the floor ? 
 being treated like a child in front of those who had regarded her with such awe ? 
 i will kill her , she thought , not for the first time . 
 / will remove her tendons , one at a time , using the power to heal her so that she lives to experience the pain . 
 no . 
 no , i 'll do something new to her . 
 i will show her agony that has n't been known to anyone in any age ! 
 `` semirhage . '' 
 a whisper . 
 she froze , looking up in the darkness . 
 that voice had been soft , like a chill wind , yet still sharp and biting . 
 had she imagined it ? 
 he could n't be there , could he ? 
 `` you have failed greatly , semirhage , '' the voice continued , so soft . 
 a faint light shone underneath the door , but the voice came from inside her cell . 
 the light seemed to grow brighter , and it flushed a deep red , illuminating the hem of a figure in a black cloak standing before her . 
 she looked up . 
 the ruddy light revealed a face of white , the color of dead skin . 
 the face had no eyes . 
 she immediately knelt to the floor , prostrating herself on the aged wood . 
 though the figure before her looked like a myrddraal , it was much taller and much , much more important . 
 she shivered as she remembered the voice of the great lord himself , speaking to her . 
 when you obey shaidar haran , you obey me . 
 when you disobey ... . 
 `` you were to capture the boy , not kill him , '' the figure whispered in a hiss , like steam escaping through cracks between pot and lid . 
 `` you took his hand and nearly his life . 
 you have revealed yourself and have lost valuable pawns . 
 you have been captured by our enemies , and now they have broken you . '' 
 she could hear the smile on its lips . 
 shaidar haran was the only myrddraal she had ever seen bear a smile . 
 but , then , she did not think this thing was truly a myrddraal . 
 she did not reply to its charges . 
 one did not lie , or even make excuses , before this figure . 
 suddenly , the shield blocking her vanished . 
 her breath caught . 
 saidar had returned ! 
 sweet power . 
 however , as she reached for it , she hesitated . 
 those imitation aes sedai outside would feel it if she channeled . 
 a cold , long-nailed hand touched her chin . 
 the flesh of it felt like dead leather . 
 it rotated her face upward to meet the eyeless gaze . 
 `` you have been given one last chance , '' the maggotlike lips whispered . 
 `` do . 
 not . 
 fail . '' 
 the light faded . 
 the hand at her chin withdrew . 
 she continued to kneel , fighting down terror . 
 one last chance . 
 the great lord always rewarded failure in ... imaginative ways . 
 she had given such rewards before , and had no desire to receive them . 
 they would make any torture or punishment these aes sedai could imagine look childish . 
 she forced herself to her feet , feeling her way around the room . 
 she reached the door and , holding her breath , tried it . 
 the door opened . 
 she slipped out of the room without letting the hinges creak . 
 outside , three corpses lay on the ground , slumped free of their chairs . 
 the women who had been maintaining her shield . 
 there was someone else there , kneeling on the floor before the three of them . 
 one of the aes sedai . 
 a woman in green , with brown hair , pulled back into a tail , her head bowed . 
 `` i live to serve , great mistress , '' the woman whispered . 
 `` i am instructed to tell you that there is compulsion in my mind you are to remove . '' 
 semirhage raised an eyebrow ; she had n't realized there were any of the black among those aes sedai here . 
 removing compulsion could have a very ... nasty effect on a person . 
 even if the compulsion were weak or subtle , the brain could be harmed seriously by removing it . 
 if the compulsion were strong ... well , it was quite interesting to watch . 
 `` also , '' the woman said , handing something forward , wrapped in cloth . 
 `` i am to give you this . '' 
 she removed the cloth , revealing a dull-colored metallic collar , and two bracelets . 
 the domination band . 
 crafted during the breaking , strikingly similar to the a ` dam semirhage had spent so much time working with . 
 with this ter ` angreal , a male channeler could be controlled . 
 a smile finally broke through semirhage 's fear . 
 rand had only visited the blight on a single occasion , though he could faintly remember having come to this area on several occasions , before the blight infected the land . 
 lews therin 's memories . 
 not his own . 
 the madman took to hissing and muttering angrily as they rode through the saldaean scrub . 
 even tai ` daishar grew skittish as they moved northward . 
 saldaea was a brown landscape of brushland and dark soil , nowhere near as barren as the aiel waste , but hardly a soft or lush land . 
 homesteads were common , but they had nearly the look of forts , and young children held themselves like trained warriors . 
 lan had once told him that among borderlanders , a boy became a man when he earned the right to carry a sword . 
 `` has it occurred to you , '' ituralde said , riding on rand 's left , `` that what we are doing here could constitute an invasion ? '' 
 rand nodded toward bashere , who rode through the brush at rand 's right . 
 `` i bring with me troops of their own blood , '' he said . 
 `` the sal-daeans are my allies . '' 
 bashere laughed . 
 `` i doubt that the queen will see it that way , my friend ! 
 it 's been many months since i last asked her for orders . 
 why , i would n't be surprised to find that she 's demanded my head by now . '' 
 rand turned his eyes forward . 
 `` i am the dragon reborn . 
 it is not an invasion to march against the forces of the dark one . '' 
 ahead of them rose the foothills of the mountains of dhoom . 
 they had a dark cast , as if their slopes were coated with soot . 
 what would he himself do if another monarch used a gateway to deposit nearly fifty thousand troops within his borders ? 
 it was an act of war , but the borderlanders ' forces were away doing light only knew what , and he would not leave these lands undefended . 
 just an hour 's ride to the south , ituralde 's domani had set up a fortified camp beside a river that had its source up in the highlands of world 's end . 
 rand had inspected their camp and ranks . 
 after that , bashere had suggested that rand ride up to inspect the blight . 
 the scouts had been surprised at how quickly the blight was advancing , and bashere thought it important that ituralde and rand see for themselves . 
 rand agreed . 
 maps sometimes could n't convey the truth eyes could see . 
 the sun was dipping toward the horizon like a drooping eye longing for sleep . 
 tai ` daishar stamped a hoof , tossing his head . 
 rand raised a hand , halting his group-two generals , fifty soldiers and an equal number of maidens , with narishma at the back to weave gateways . 
 northward , on the shallow slope , a scrub of broad-bladed grasses and squat brush swayed like waves in the wind . 
 there was no specific line where the blight began . 
 a spot on a blade there , a sickly cast to a stem there . 
 each individual speck was innocent , yet there were too many , far too many . 
 at the top of the hillside , not a single plant was free of the spots . 
 the pox seemed to fester even as he watched . 
 there was an oily sense of death to the blight , of plants barely surviving , kept alive like prisoners starved to the very edge of mortality . 
 if rand had seen anything like this back in a field in the two rivers , he would have burnt the entire crop , and would have been surprised that it had n't been done already . 
 to his side , bashere knuckled his long , dark mustaches . 
 `` i remember when it did n't start for another few leagues , '' he noted . 
 `` that was n't so long ago . '' 
 `` i have patrols running the length of it already , '' ituralde said . 
 he stared out at the sickly landscape . 
 `` all the reports are the same . 
 it 's quiet out there . '' 
 `` that should be enough warning that something is wrong , '' bashere said . 
 `` there are always patrols or raids of trollocs to fight . 
 if not that , then something worse , to scare them away . 
 worms or bloodwrasps . '' 
 ituralde leaned one arm on his saddle , shaking his head as he continued staring at the blight . 
 `` i 've no experience with fighting such things . 
 i know how men think , but trolloc raiding parties keep no supply lines , and i 've only heard stories of what worms can do . '' 
 `` i will leave some of bashere 's officers with you as advisors , '' rand said . 
 `` that would help , '' ituralde said , `` but i wonder if it would n't be better to just leave him here . 
 his soldiers could patrol this area , and you could use my troops in arad doman . 
 no offense , my lord , but do n't you think it 's odd to have us working in each other 's kingdoms ? '' 
 `` no , '' rand said . 
 it was n't odd , it was bitter sense . 
 he trusted bashere , and the saldaeans had served rand well , but it would be dangerous to leave them in their own homelands . 
 bashere was cousin to the queen herself , and what of his men ? 
 how would they react when their own people asked why they had become dragonsworn ? 
 strange as it was , rand knew that he would cause a much smaller conflagration by leaving foreigners on saldaean soil . 
 his reasoning with ituralde was equally brutal . 
 the man had sworn to him , but allegiances could change . 
 out here , near the blight , ituralde and his troops would have very little opportunity to turn against rand . 
 they were in hostile territory , and rand 's asha ` man would be their only quick means of getting back to arad doman . 
 if left in his homeland , however , ituralde could marshal troops and perhaps decide he did n't need the dragon reborn 's protection . 
 it was much safer to keep the armies in hostile territory . 
 rand hated thinking that way , but that was one of the main differences between the man he had been and the man he had become . 
 only one of those men could do what needed to be done , no matter that he hated it . 
 `` narishma , '' rand called . 
 `` gateway . '' 
 he did n't have to turn to feel narishma seize the one power and begin weaving . 
 the sensation prickled at rand , enticing , but he fought it off . 
 it was becoming more and more difficult for him to seize the power without emptying his stomach , and he did not intend to sick up in front of ituralde . 
 `` you shall have a hundred asha ` man by the end of the week , '' rand said , speaking to ituralde . 
 `` i suspect you will make good use of them . '' 
 `` yes , i think i can do just that . '' 
 `` i want daily reports , even if nothing happens , '' rand replied . 
 `` send the messengers through a gateway . 
 i 'll be breaking camp and moving to bandar eban in four days . '' 
 bashere grunted ; this was the first rand had said of the move . 
 rand turned his horse toward the large , open gateway behind them . 
 some of the maidens had already ducked through , going first , as always . 
 narishma stood to the side , his hair in its two dark braids set with bells . 
 he had been a borderlander , too , before he had become asha ` man . 
 too many clouded loyalties . 
 which would come first for narishma ? 
 his homeland ? 
 rand ? 
 the aes sedai to whom he was a warder ? 
 rand was fairly certain the man was loyal ; he was one of those who had come to him at dumai 's wells . 
 but the most dangerous enemies were those you assumed you could trust . 
 none of them can be trusted ! 
 lews therin said . 
 we should never have let them get so close to us . 
 they 'll turn on us ! 
 the madman always had trouble with other men who could channel . 
 rand nudged tai ` daishar forward , ignoring lews therin 's ramblings , though hearing the voice did take him back to that night . 
 the night where he had dreamed of moridin , and there had been no lews therin in his mind . 
 it twisted rand 's belly to know that his dreams were no longer safe . 
 he had come to rely on them as a refuge . 
 nightmares could take him , true , but they were his own nightmares . 
 why had moridin come to help rand in shadar logoth , back during the fight with sammael ? 
 what twisted webs was he weaving ? 
 he had claimed that rand had invaded his dream , but was that just another lie ? 
 / have to destroy them , he thought . 
 all of the forsaken , and i must do it for good this time . 
 i must be hard . 
 except that min did n't want him to be hard . 
 he did n't want to frighten her , of all people . 
 there were no games with min ; she might call him a fool , but she did not lie , and that made him want to be the man she wished him to be . 
 but did he dare ? 
 could a man who could laugh also be the man who could face what needed to be done at shayol ghul ? 
 to live you must die , the answer to one of his three questions . 
 if he succeeded , his memory-his legacy-would live on after he died . 
 it was not very comforting . 
 he did n't want to die . 
 who did ? 
 the aiel claimed they did not seek death , though they embraced it when it came . 
 he entered the gateway , traveling back to the manor house in arad doman , with the ring of pines surrounding the trampled brown grounds and the long ranks of tents . 
 it would take a hard man to face his own death , to fight the dark one while his blood spilled on the rocks . 
 who could laugh in the face of that ? 
 he shook his head . 
 having lews therin in his mind did n't help . 
 she 's right , lews therin said suddenly . 
 she ? 
 rand asked . 
 the pretty one . 
 with the short hair . 
 she says we need to break the seals . 
 she 's right . 
 rand froze , pulling tai ` daishar up short , ignoring the groom who had come to take the horse . 
 to hear lews therin agreeing ... . 
 what do we do after that ? 
 rand asked . 
 we die . 
 you promised we could die ! 
 only if we defeat the dark one , rand said . 
 you know that if he wins , there will be nothing for us . 
 not even death . 
 yes ... nothing , lews therin said . 
 that would be nice . 
 no pain , no regret . 
 nothing . 
 rand felt a chill . 
 if lews therin began to think that way ... no , rand said , it would n't be nothing . 
 he would have our soul . 
 the pain would be worse , far worse . 
 lews therin began to weep . 
 lews therin ! 
 rand snapped in his mind . 
 what do we do ? 
 how did you seal the bore last time ? 
 it did n't work , lews therin whispered . 
 we used saidin , but we touched it to the dark one . 
 it was the only way ! 
 something has to touch him , something to close the gap , but he was able to taint it . 
 the seal was weak ! 
 yes , but what do we do differently ? 
 rand thought . 
 silence . 
 rand sat for a moment , then slid off of tai ` daishar and let the nervous groom lead him away . 
 the rest of the maidens were coming through the large gateway , bashere and narishma taking the rear . 
 rand did n't wait for them , though he noticed deira bashere-davram bashere 's wife-standing outside the traveling ground . 
 the tall , statuesque woman had dark hair with lines of white at the temples . 
 she gave rand a measuring look . 
 what would she do if bashere died in rand 's service ? 
 would she continue to follow , or would she lead the troops away , back to saldaea ? 
 she was as strong of will as her husband . 
 perhaps more so . 
 rand passed her with a nod and a smile and walked through the evening camp toward the manor house . 
 so lews therin did not know how to seal the dark one 's prison . 
 what good was the voice then ? 
 burn him , but he had been one of rand 's few hopes ! 
 most people here were wise enough to move away when they saw him stalking across the grounds . 
 rand could remember when such moods had n't struck him , when he had been a simple sheepherder . 
 rand the dragon reborn was a different man altogether . 
 he was a man of responsibility and duty . 
 he had to be . 
 duty . 
 duty was like a mountain . 
 well , rand felt as if he was trapped between a good dozen different mountains , all moving to destroy him . 
 among those forces , his emotions seemed to boil under pressure . 
 was it any wonder when they burst free ? 
 he shook his head , approaching the manor . 
 to the east lay the mountains of mist . 
 the sun was near to setting , and the mountains were bathed in a red light . 
 beyond them and to the south , so strangely close , lay emond 's field and the two rivers . 
 a home he would never see again , for a visit would only alert his enemies to his affection for it . 
 he had worked hard to make them think he was a man without affection . 
 at times , he feared that his ruse had become reality . 
 mountains . 
 mountains like duty . 
 the duty of solitude in this case , for somewhere southward along those too-near mountains was his father . 
 tarn . 
 rand had n't seen him in so long . 
 tam was his father . 
 rand had decided that . 
 he had never known his birth father , the aiel clan chief named janduin , and while he had obviously been a man of honor , rand had no desire to call him father . 
 at times , rand longed for tarn 's voice , his wisdom . 
 those were the times when rand knew he had to be the most hard , for a moment of weakness-a moment running to his father for succor-would destroy nearly everything he had worked for . 
 and it would likely mean the end of tarn 's life as well . 
 rand entered the manor house through the burned hole in the front , pushing aside the thick canvas that now formed an entry , and kept his back to the mountains of mist . 
 he was alone . 
 he needed to be alone . 
 relying on anyone would risk being weak when he reached shayol ghul . 
 at the last battle , he would not be able to lean on anyone other than himself . 
 duty . 
 how many mountains must one man carry ? 
 it still smelled of smoke inside the manor house . 
 lord tellaen had complained about the fire hesitantly-yet persistently-until rand had ordered compensation for the man , although the bubble of evil had n't been rand 's fault . 
 or had it ? 
 being ta ` veren had many strange effects , from making people say things they would n't normally to bringing him the allegiance of those who had been wavering . 
 he was a focus for trouble , bubbles of evil included . 
 he had n't chosen to be that focus , but he had chosen to stay in the manor house . 
 either way , tellaen had been compensated . 
 it was a pittance compared with the amount of money rand was spending to fund his armies , and even that was small compared with the funds he 'd dedicated to bring food to arad doman and other troubled areas . 
 at this rate , his stewards worried that he would soon bankrupt his assets in illian , tear and cairhien . 
 rand had not told them that he did n't care . 
 he would see the world to the last battle . 
 and will you have no legacy other than that ? 
 a voice whispered in the back of his mind . 
 not lews therin , but his own thought , a small voice , the part of him that had prompted him to found schools in cairhien and andor . 
 you wish to live after you die ? 
 will you leave all of those who follow you to war , famine and chaos ? 
 will the destruction be how you live on ? 
 rand shook his head . 
 he could n't fix everything ! 
 he was just one man . 
 looking beyond the last battle was foolish . 
 he could n't worry about the world then , he could n't . 
 to do so would be to take his eye off the goal . 
 and what is the goal ? 
 that voice seemed to say . 
 is it to survive , or is it to thrive ? 
 will you set the groundwork for another breaking or for another age of legends ? 
 he had no answers . 
 lews therin roused slightly , babbling incoherently . 
 rand climbed the stairs to the second floor of the manor . 
 light , he was tired . 
 what was it the madman had said ? 
 when he 'd sealed the bore into the dark one 's prison , he 'd used saidin . 
 that was because so many of the aes sedai at the time had turned against him , and he 'd been left only with the hundred companions-the most powerful male aes sedai of his time . 
 no women . 
 the female aes sedai had called his plan too risky . 
 eerily , rand felt as if he could almost remember those events-not what had happened , but the anger , the desperation , the decision . 
 was the mistake , then , not using the female half of the power as well as the male ? 
 was that what had allowed the dark one to counterstrike and taint saidin , driving lews therin and the remaining men of the hundred companions insane ? 
 could it be that simple ? 
 how many aes sedai would he need ? 
 would he need any -rcb- plenty of wise ones could channel . 
 surely there was more to it than that . 
 there was a game children played , snakes and foxes . 
 it was said that the only way to win was to break the rules . 
 what of his other plan , then ? 
 could he break the rules by slaying the dark one ? 
 was that something that even he , the dragon reborn , dared contemplate ? 
 he crossed the creaking wood floor of the hallway and pushed open the door to his room . 
 min lay propped up by pillows on the log bed , wearing her embroidered green trousers and a linen shirt , as she leafed through yet another book by the light of a lamp . 
 an elderly serving woman bustled about , collecting dishes from min 's evening meal . 
 rand threw off his coat , sighing to himself and flexing his hand . 
 he sat down on the side of the bed as min set aside her book , a volume called a comprehensive discussion of pre-breaking relics . 
 she sat up and rubbed the back of his neck with one hand . 
 bowls clinked as the serving woman gathered them , and she bowed in apology , moving with extra speed as she placed them in her carrying basket . 
 `` you 're pushing yourself too hard again , sheepherder , '' min said . 
 `` i have to . '' 
 she pinched his neck hard , and he flinched , grunting . 
 `` no you do n't , '' she said , her voice close to his ear . 
 `` have n't you been listening to me ? 
 what good will you be if you wear yourself out before you reach the last battle ? 
 light , rand , i have n't heard you laugh in months ! '' 
 `` is this really a time for laughter ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you would have me be happy while children starve and men slaughter one another ? 
 i should laugh to hear that trollocs are still getting through the ways ? 
 i should be happy that the majority of the forsaken are still out there somewhere , plotting how best to kill me ? '' 
 `` well , no , '' min said . 
 `` of course not . 
 but we ca n't let the troubles in the world destroy us . 
 cadsuane says that - '' `` wait , '' he snapped , twisting around so that he was facing her . 
 she knelt on the bed , short dark hair curling down beneath her chin . 
 she looked shocked by his tone . 
 `` what does cadsuane have to do with this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 min frowned . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` she 's been telling you what to say , '' rand said . 
 `` she 's been using you to get to me ! '' 
 `` do n't be an idiot , '' min said . 
 `` what has she said about me ? '' 
 min shrugged . 
 `` she worries about how harsh you 've become . 
 rand , what is this ? '' 
 `` she 's trying to get to me , manipulate me , '' he said . 
 `` she 's using you . 
 what have you told her , min ? '' 
 min pinched him again sharply . 
 `` i do n't like that tone , looby . 
 i thought cadsuane was your counselor . 
 why should i need to watch what i say around her ? '' 
 the serving woman continued to clink dishes . 
 why could n't she just leave ! 
 this was n't the kind of discussion he wanted to have in front of strangers . 
 min could n't be working with cadsuane , could she ? 
 rand did n't trust cadsuane by any measure . 
 if she 'd gotten to min ... . 
 rand felt his heart twist . 
 he was n't suspicious of min , was he ? 
 she 'd always been the one he could look to for honesty , the one who played no games with him . 
 what would he do if he lost her ? 
 burn me ! 
 he thought . 
 she 's right . 
 i 've grown too harsh . 
 what will become of me if i begin to grow suspicious of those that i know love me ? 
 i 'll be no better than mad lews therin . 
 `` min , '' he said , softening his voice . 
 `` maybe you 're right . 
 perhaps i 've gone too far . '' 
 she turned to look at him , relaxing . 
 then she stiffened , eyes widening in shock . 
 something cold clicked around rand 's neck . 
 rand immediately raised his hand to his neck , spinning . 
 the serving woman stood behind him , but her form was shimmering . 
 she vanished and was replaced by a woman with dark skin and black eyes , her sharp face triumphant . 
 semirhage . 
 rand 's hand touched metal . 
 too-cold metal that felt like ice , pressed against his skin . 
 in a rage , he tried to pull free his sword from its black , dragon-painted sheath , but found that he could not do so . 
 his legs strained as if against some incredible weight . 
 he scratched at the collar-his fingers could still move-but the metal seemed to be a single solid piece . 
 at that moment , rand felt terror . 
 he met semirhage 's eyes anyway , and she smiled deeply . 
 `` i 've been waiting for quite a long time to get a domination band on you , lews therin . 
 odd , how circumstances occur , is n't - '' something flashed in the air , and semirhage barely had time to cry out before something deflected the blade just barely-a weave of air , rand could only assume , though he could not see weaves made from saidar . 
 still , min 's knife had left a gash on the side of semirhage 's face before passing by and burying itself in the wood of the door . 
 `` guards ! '' 
 min cried . 
 `` maidens , to arms ! 
 the car ` a ` carn is in danger ! '' 
 semirhage cursed , waving a hand , and min cut off . 
 rand twisted anxiously , trying-and failing-to seize saidin . 
 something blocked him . 
 min was tossed off the bed by weaves of air , her mouth locked shut . 
 rand tried to run to her , but again found that he could not . 
 his legs simply refused to move . 
 at that moment , the door to his room opened . 
 another women entered with a hurried step . 
 she glanced out of the doorway , as if watching for something , then closed it behind her . 
 elza . 
 rand felt a surge of hope , but then the small woman joined semirhage , taking up the other bracelet that controlled the a ` dam around rand 's neck . 
 she looked up at rand , her eyes red , looking dazed-as if something had hit her soundly on the head . 
 however , when she saw him kneeling , she smiled . 
 `` and so you finally come to your destiny , rand al ` thor . 
 you will face the great lord . 
 and you will lose . '' 
 elza . 
 elza was black , burn her ! 
 rand 's skin prickled as he felt her embrace saidar , standing beside her mistress . 
 they both confronted him , each one wearing a bracelet , and semirhage looked supremely confident . 
 rand growled , turning to semirhage . 
 he would not be trapped like this ! 
 the forsaken touched the bleeding gash on her cheek , then tsked to herself . 
 she wore a drab brown dress . 
 how had she escaped captivity ? 
 and where had she gotten this cursed collar ? 
 rand had given that to cadsuane for safekeeping . 
 she had vowed that it would be safe ! 
 `` no guards will come , lews therin , '' semirhage said absently , holding up her braceleted hand ; the bracelet matched the collar on his neck . 
 `` i 've warded the room against listeners . 
 you will find that you can not so much as move unless i allow it . 
 you 've tried already , and you must see how futile it is . '' 
 desperate , rand reached for saidin again , but found nothing . 
 in his head , lews therin began to snarl and weep , and rand felt almost as if he would join the man . 
 min ! 
 he had to get to her . 
 he had to be strong enough ! 
 he forced himself toward semirhage and elza , but it was as if he were trying to move someone else 's legs . 
 he was trapped in his own head , like lews therin . 
 he opened his mouth to curse , but nothing came out beyond a croak . 
 `` yes , ' semirhage said , `` you can not speak without permission either . 
 and i would suggest that you not reach for saidin again . 
 you will find the experience unpleasant . 
 when i tested the domination band before , i found it to be a far more elegant tool than those seanchan a ` dam . 
 their a ` dam allow some small measure of freedom , relying on nausea as an inhibitor . 
 the domination band demands far more obedience . 
 you will act exactly as i desire . 
 for instance . 
 ... '' rand stood up off the bed , his legs moving against his will . 
 then , his own hand whipped up and began to squeeze his throat just above the neck band . 
 he gasped , stumbling . 
 frantic , he reached again for saidin . 
 he found pain . 
 it was as if he 'd reached into a burning vat of oil , then drawn the fiery liquid into his own veins . 
 he screamed in shock and agony , collapsing to the wooden floor . 
 the pain made him writhe , his vision growing black . 
 `` you see . '' 
 semirhage 's voice sounded distant . 
 `` ah , i had forgotten how satisfying that is . '' 
 the pain was like a million ants burrowing through his skin and down to the bone . 
 he twisted , muscles spasming . 
 we 're in the box again ! 
 lews therin cried . 
 and suddenly , he was . 
 he could see it , the black confines , crushing him . 
 his body sore from repeated beatings , his mind frantic to remain sane . 
 lews therin had been his only companion . 
 it was one of the first times rand could remember communicating with the madman ; lews therin had started to respond to him only shortly before that day . 
 rand had n't been willing to see lews therin as part of himself . 
 the mad part of himself , the part that could deal with the torture , if only because it was already so tortured . 
 more pain and suffering was meaningless . 
 you could not fill a cup that had already begun to overflow . 
 he stopped screaming . 
 the pain was still there , it made his eyes water , but the screams would not come . 
 all fell still . 
 semirhage looked down at him , frowning , blood dripping from her chin . 
 another wave of pain washed across him . 
 whoever he was . 
 he stared up at her . 
 silent . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she said , compelling him . 
 `` speak . '' 
 `` no more can be done to me , '' he whispered . 
 another wave of pain . 
 it shocked him , and something inside of him whimpered , but he gave no outward reaction . 
 not because he held the screams in , but because he could n't feel anything . 
 the box , the two wounds in his side corrupting his own blood , beatings , humiliation , sorrows and his own suicide . 
 killing himself . 
 he could suddenly and starkly remember that . 
 after all of these things , what more could semirhage do to him ? 
 `` great mistress , '' elza said , turning to semirhage , eyes still seeming faintly dazed by something . 
 `` perhaps now we should - '' `` quiet , worm , '' semirhage spat at her , wiping the blood from her chin . 
 she looked at it . 
 `` that 's twice now those knives have tasted my blood . '' 
 she shook her head , then turned and smiled at rand . 
 `` you say nothing more can be done to you ? 
 you forget , lews therin , to whom you speak . 
 pain is my specialty , and you are still little more than a boy . 
 i 've broken men ten times as strong as you . 
 stand . '' 
 he did . 
 the pain had not gone away . 
 she obviously intended to keep using it against him until she got a reaction . 
 he turned around , obeying her wordless command , and found min hanging above the floor , tied by invisible ropes of air . 
 her eyes were wild with fear , her arms bound behind her back , her mouth blocked by a woven air gag . 
 semirhage chuckled . 
 `` there is nothing more that i can do , you say ? '' 
 rand seized saidin-not of his choice , but of hers . 
 the roar of power slammed into him , bringing with it the strange nausea that he 'd never been able to explain . 
 he fell to his hand and knees , emptying his stomach with a groan as the room shook and spun around him . 
 `` how odd , '' he heard semirhage say , as if distant . 
 he shook his head , still holding the one power-wrestling with it as he always had to with saidin , forcing that powerful , twisting flow of energy to his will . 
 it was like chaining a tempest of wind , and was difficult even when he was strong and healthy . 
 now it was nearly impossible . 
 use it , lews therin whispered . 
 kill her while we can ! 
 i will not kill a woman , rand thought stubbornly , a figment of a memory from the back of his mind . 
 that is the line i will not cross ... . 
 lews therin roared , trying to take saidin from rand , but without success . 
 in fact , rand found that he could n't channel willfully any more than he could step without semirhage 's permission . 
 he righted himself by her command , the room growing more steady , the nausea retreating . 
 and then he began to form weaves , complicated ones of spirit and fire . 
 `` yes , '' semirhage said , almost to herself . 
 `` now , if i can remember ... . 
 the male way of doing this is so odd , sometimes . '' 
 rand made the weaves , then pushed them toward min . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he screamed as he did so . 
 `` not that ! '' 
 `` ah , so you see , '' semirhage said . 
 `` you were n't so difficult to break after all . '' 
 the weaves touched min and she writhed in pain . 
 rand continued to channel , tears springing to his eyes as he was forced to send the complex weaves through her body . 
 they brought agony only , but they did it very well . 
 semirhage must have released min 's gag , for she began to scream , weeping . 
 `` please , rand ! '' 
 she begged . 
 `` please ! '' 
 rand roared in anger , trying to stop , unable to . 
 he could feel min 's pain through the bond , feel it as he caused it . 
 `` stop this ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 `` beg , '' semirhage said . 
 `` please , '' he said , weeping . 
 `` please , i beg you . '' 
 suddenly , he stopped , the torturing weaves unraveling . 
 min hung in the air , whimpering , eyes dazed from the shock of pain . 
 rand turned around , facing semirhage and the smaller figure of elza beside her . 
 the black looked terrified , as if she 'd gotten herself into something she had n't been prepared for . 
 `` now , '' the forsaken said , `` you see that you have always been intended to serve the great lord . 
 we will leave this room and will deal with those so-called aes sedai who imprisoned me . 
 we will travel to shayol ghul and present you to the great lord , and then this can all be finished . '' 
 he bowed his head . 
 there had to be a way out ! 
 he imagined her using him to tear through the ranks of his own men . 
 he imagined them afraid to attack , lest they harm him . 
 he saw the blood , death and destruction he would cause . 
 and it chilled him , turned him to ice inside . 
 they have won . 
 semirhage glanced at the door , then turned back to him and smiled . 
 `` but i 'm afraid we must deal with her first . 
 let us be about it , then . '' 
 rand turned and began to walk toward min . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` you promised if i begged - '' `` i promised nothing , '' semirhage said with a laugh . 
 `` you begged quite prettily , lews therin , but i have chosen to ignore your pleas . 
 you can release saidin , however . 
 this needs to be somewhat more personal . '' 
 saidin winked away , and rand felt the withdrawal of power with regret . 
 the world seemed more dull around him . 
 he stepped up to min , her pleading eyes meeting his . 
 then he pressed his hand to her throat , gripping it , and began to squeeze . 
 `` no ... . '' 
 he whispered in horror as his hand , against his will , cut off her air . 
 min stumbled , and he unwillingly forced her down to the ground , easily ignoring her struggles . 
 he loomed above her , pressing his hand against her throat , gripping it and choking her . 
 she looked at him , eyes beginning to bulge . 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 semirhage laughed . 
 hyena ! 
 lews therin wailed . 
 oh , light ! 
 i 've killed her ! 
 rand squeezed harder , leaning down for leverage , his fingers squeezing min 's skin and pushing down on her throat . 
 it was as if he gripped his own heart , and the world became black around him , everything darkened except for min . 
 he could feel her pulse throbbing beneath his fingers . 
 those beautiful dark eyes of hers watched him , loving him even as he killed her . 
 this ca n't be happening ! 
 i 've killed her ! 
 i 'm mad ! 
 hyena ! 
 there had to be a way out ! 
 had to be ! 
 rand wanted to close his eyes , but he could n't . 
 she would n't let him-not semirhage , but min . 
 she held his eyes with her own , tears lining her cheeks , dark , curled hair disheveled . 
 so beautiful . 
 he scrambled for saidin , but could not take it . 
 he tried with every bit of will he had to relax his fingers , but they just continued to squeeze . 
 he felt horror , he felt her pain . 
 min 's face grew purple , her eyes fluttered . 
 rand wailed . 
 this ca n't be happening / i will not do this again / something snapped inside of him . 
 he grew cold ; then that coldness vanished , and he could feel nothing . 
 no emotion . 
 no anger . 
 at that moment he grew aware of a strange force . 
 it was like a reservoir of water , boiling and churning just beyond his view . 
 he reached toward it with his mind . 
 a clouded face flashed before rand 's own , one whose features he could n't quite make out . 
 it was gone in a moment . 
 and rand found himself filled with an alien power . 
 not saidin , not saidar , but something else . 
 something he 'd never felt before . 
 oh , light , lews therin suddenly screamed . 
 that 's impossible ! 
 we ca n't use it ! 
 cast it away ! 
 that is death we hold , death and betrayal . 
 it is him . 
 rand closed his eyes as he knelt above min , then he channeled the strange , unknown force . 
 energy and life surged through him , a torrent of power like saidin , only ten times as sweet and a hundred times as violent . 
 it made him alive , made him realize that he 'd never been alive before . 
 it gave him such strength as he 'd never imagined . 
 it rivaled , even , the power he 'd held when drawing from the choedan kal . 
 he screamed , in both rapture and rage , and wove enormous spears of fire and air . 
 he slammed the weaves against the collar at his neck , and the room exploded with flames and bits of molten metal , each one distinct to rand . 
 he could feel each shard of metal blast away from his neck , warping the air with its heat , trailing smoke as it hit a wall or the floor . 
 he opened his eyes and released min . 
 she gasped and sobbed . 
 rand stood and turned , white-hot magma in his veins-as when semirhage had tortured him , yet somehow opposite . 
 as painful as this was , it was also pure ecstasy . 
 semirhage looked utterly shocked . 
 `` but ... that 's impossible ... '' she said . 
 `` i felt nothing . 
 you ca n't - '' she looked up , staring at him with wide eyes . 
 `` the true power . 
 why have you betrayed me , great lord ? 
 why ? '' 
 rand raised a hand and , filled with the power he did not understand , wove a single weave . 
 a bar of pure white light , a cleansing fire , burst from his hand and struck semirhage in the chest . 
 she flashed and vanished , leaving a faint afterimage to rand 's vision . 
 her bracelet dropped to the floor . 
 elza ran toward the door . 
 she vanished before another bar of light , her entire figure becoming light for a moment . 
 her bracelet dropped to the floor , as well , the women who had held them burned completely from the pattern . 
 what have you done ? 
 lews therin asked . 
 oh , light . 
 better to have killed again than to do this ... . 
 oh , light . 
 we are doomed . 
 rand savored the power for a moment longer , then-regretfully-let it drop away . 
 he would have held on , but he was simply too exhausted . 
 the vanishing of it left him numb . 
 or ... no . 
 that numbness had nothing to do with the power he 'd held . 
 he turned around , looking down at min , who coughed quietly and rubbed her neck . 
 she looked up at him , and seemed afraid . 
 he doubted that she would ever see him the same way again . 
 he had been wrong ; there had indeed been something more that semirhage could do to him . 
 he had felt himself killing one he loved dearly . 
 before , when he 'd done it as lews therin , he had been mad and unable to control himself . 
 he could barely remember slaying hyena , as if through a clouded dream . 
 he 'd realized what he had done only after ishamael had awakened him . 
 finally , now , he knew precisely what it was like to watch as he killed those he loved . 
 `` it is done , '' rand whispered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 min asked , coughing again . 
 `` the last that could be done to me , '' he said , surprised at his own calmness . 
 `` they have taken everything from me now . '' 
 `` what are you saying , rand ? '' 
 min asked . 
 she rubbed her neck again . 
 bruises were beginning to show . 
 he shook his head as-finally-voices sounded in the hallway outside . 
 perhaps the asha ` man had sensed him channeling when he 'd tortured min . 
 `` i have made my choice , min , '' he said , turning toward the door . 
 `` you have asked for flexibility and laughter from me , but such things are no longer mine to give . 
 i am sorry . '' 
 once , weeks ago , he had decided that he must become stronger - where he had been iron , he had decided to become steel . 
 it appeared that steel was too weak . 
 he would be harder , now . 
 he understood how . 
 where he had once been steel , he became something else . 
 from now on , he was cmndillar . 
 he had entered a place like the void that tarn had trained him to seek , so long ago . 
 but within this void he had no emotion . 
 none at all . 
 they could not break or bend him . 
 it was done . 
 chapter 23 a warp in the air what of the sisters who were guarding her cell ? '' 
 cadsuane asked , stomping up the wooden steps beside merise . 
 `` corele and nesune are alive , thankfully , though they were left extremely weak , '' merise said , holding her skirt up as she hurried along . 
 narishma followed them , the bells at the end of his braids ringing softly . 
 `` daigian is dead . 
 we 're not certain why the other two were left alive . '' 
 `` warders , '' cadsuane said . 
 `` kill the aes sedai , and their warders would know immediately-and we would have learned that something was wrong . '' 
 the warders should have noticed that something was wrong anyway-they 'd have to interrogate the men to see what they had felt . 
 but there was likely a correlation . 
 daigian had no living warder . 
 cadsuane felt a stab of regret for the pleasant sister , but shoved it aside . 
 no time for it now . 
 `` the other two were placed in some kind of trance , '' merise said . 
 `` i could see no remnants of weaves , nor could narishma . 
 we discovered the sisters just before the alarm was sounded , then went for you as soon as we were assured that al ` thor was alive and our enemies had been dealt with . '' 
 cadsuane nodded crossly . 
 of all the nights to be out visiting the wise ones in their tents ! 
 sorilea and a small group of them followed behind narishma , and cadsuane did n't dare slow her pace , lest the aiel women trample her in their haste to see al ` thor . 
 they reached the top of the stairs , then sped down the hallway toward al ` thor 's room . 
 how could he have gotten himself into this much trouble , again \ and how had that blasted forsaken gotten free of her cell ? 
 someone must have helped her , but that meant a darkfriend in their camp . 
 it was n't unlikely-if darkfriends existed in the white tower , then they could undoubtedly be found here . 
 but what darkfriend could incapacitate three aes sedai ? 
 surely channeling on that level should have been felt by every sister or asha ` man in the camp . 
 `` was the tea involved ? '' 
 cadsuane asked merise quietly . 
 `` not that we can tell , '' the green replied . 
 `` we 'll know more when the other two wake . 
 they fell unconscious as soon as we brought them out of their trance . '' 
 cadsuane nodded . 
 al ` thor 's door was open , and maidens swarmed outside it like wasps who had just discovered their nest was gone . 
 cadsuane could n't say that she blamed them . 
 apparently , al ` thor had said little of what had happened . 
 the fool boy was lucky to still be alive ! 
 what a light-cursed mess , cadsuane thought , passing the maidens and entering the chamber . 
 a small knot of aes sedai clustered on the far side of the room , speaking quietly . 
 sarene , erian , beldeine-all of those in the camp who were n't either dead or incapacitated . 
 except elza . 
 where was elza ? 
 the three nodded to cadsuane as she entered , but she spared them barely a glance . 
 min sat on the bed , rubbing her neck , eyes red , short hair disheveled , face pale . 
 al ` thor stood beside the open far window , looking out at the night , his hand clasping his stump behind him . 
 his coat lay rumpled on the floor , and he stood in white shirtsleeves , a cool wind blowing in and ruffling his red-gold hair . 
 cadsuane surveyed the room ; behind her , in the hall , the wise ones began to interrogate the maidens . 
 `` well ? '' 
 cadsuane said . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 min looked up . 
 there were red marks on her neck , the beginnings of bruises . 
 rand did not turn from the window . 
 insolent boy , cadsuane thought , coming farther into the room . 
 `` speak up , boy ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` we need to know if the camp is in danger . '' 
 `` the danger has been dealt with , '' he said softly . 
 something in his voice made her hesitate . 
 she had been expecting anger , or perhaps satisfaction , from him . 
 fatigue at the very least . 
 instead , his voice sounded cool . 
 `` will you explain what that means ? '' 
 cadsuane demanded . 
 finally , he turned , looking at her . 
 she took an involuntary step backward , though she could n't say why . 
 he was still the same foolish boy . 
 too tall , too self-confident , and too blunt-headed . 
 there was a strange serenity about him now , but it had a dark edge . 
 like the serenity one saw in the eyes of a condemned man the moment before he stepped up to the hangman 's noose . 
 `` narishma , '' rand said , looking past cadsuane . 
 `` i have a weave for you . 
 memorize it ; i will show it to you only once . '' 
 with that , al ` thor put his hand out to the side and a bar of brilliant white fire shot from between his fingers and struck his coat , which lay on the floor . 
 it vanished in a burst of light . 
 cadsuane hissed . 
 `` i told you never to use that weave , boy ! 
 you will never do so again . 
 do you hear me ! 
 this is not - '' `` that is the weave we must use when fighting forsaken , narishma , '' al ` thor said , his quiet voice cutting straight through cadsuane s. `` if we kill them with anything else , they can be reborn . 
 it is a dangerous tool , but still just a tool . 
 like any other . '' 
 `` it is forbidden , '' cadsuane said . 
 `` i have decided that it is not , '' al ` thor said calmly . 
 `` you do n't have any idea what that weave can do ! 
 you 're a child playing with - '' `` i have seen balefire destroy cities , '' al ` thor said , eyes growing haunted . 
 `` i have seen thousands burned from the pattern by its purifying flames . 
 if you call me a child , cadsuane , then what are those of you who are thousands of years my juniors ? '' 
 he met her gaze . 
 light ! 
 what had happened to him ? 
 she struggled to collect her thoughts . 
 `` so semirhage is dead ? '' 
 `` worse than dead , '' al ` thor said . 
 `` and far better off , in many ways , i should think . '' 
 `` well , then . 
 i suppose we can get on with - '' `` do you recognize that , cadsuane ? '' 
 al ` thor said , nodding toward something metallic sitting on the bed , mostly hidden by the sheets . 
 hesitantly she walked forward . 
 sorilea looked over , expression unreadable . 
 apparently , she did n't wish to be drawn into the conversation when al ` thor was in such a mood . 
 cadsuane did n't blame her . 
 cadsuane pulled back the sheets , revealing a familiar pair of bracelets . 
 there was no collar . 
 `` impossible , '' she whispered . 
 `` that is what i assumed , '' al ` thor said in that terribly calm voice of his . 
 `` i told myself that it obviously could n't be one of the same ter ` angreal i relinquished to you . 
 you promised they would be protected and hidden . '' 
 `` well , then , '' cadsuane said , unnerved . 
 she covered the things back up . 
 `` that is settled then . '' 
 `` it is . 
 i sent people to your room . 
 tell me , is this box where you were keeping the bracelets ? 
 we found it open on the floor of your quarters . '' 
 a maiden brought out a familiar oak box . 
 it was the same one , obviously . 
 cadsuane turned toward him in anger . 
 `` you searched my room ! '' 
 `` i was unaware that you were visiting the wise ones , '' al ` thor said . 
 he gave a small nod of respect to sorilea and amys , which they hesitantly returned . 
 `` i sent servants to check on you , as i feared that semirhage might have tried for revenge on you . '' 
 `` they should n't have touched this , '' cadsuane said , taking the box from the maiden . 
 `` it was prepared with very intricate wards . '' 
 `` not intricate enough , '' al ` thor said , turning away from her . 
 he still stood by that darkened window , looking out over the camp . 
 the room fell silent . 
 narishma had been asking quietly after min 's health , but he fell silent when al ` thor stopped speaking . 
 rand obviously felt that cadsuane was responsible for the male a ` dam being stolen , but that was preposterous . 
 she had prepared the best ward she knew , but who knew what knowledge the forsaken had for getting past wards ? 
 how had al ` thor survived ? 
 and what of the other contents of that box ? 
 did al ` thor now have the access key , or had the statuette been taken by semirhage ? 
 did cadsuane dare ask ? 
 the silence continued . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 she finally asked with all the bravado she could summon . 
 `` do you expect an apology from me ? '' 
 `` from you ? '' 
 al ` thor asked . 
 there was no humor in his voice , just the same cold evenness . 
 `` no , i suspect that i could sooner extract an apology from a stone than from you . '' 
 `` then - '' `` you are exiled from my sight , cadsuane , '' he said softly . 
 `` if i see your face again after tonight , i will kill you . '' 
 `` rand , no ! '' 
 min said , standing up beside the bed . 
 he did n't turn toward her . 
 cadsuane felt an immediate stab of panic , but shoved it aside with her anger . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` this is foolishness , boy . 
 i. ... '' he turned , and again that gaze of his made her trail off . 
 there was a danger to it , a shadowy cast to his eyes that struck her with more fear than she 'd thought her aging heart could summon . 
 as she watched , the air around him seemed to warp , and she could almost think that the room had grown darker . 
 `` but ... . '' 
 she found herself stuttering . 
 `` but you do n't kill women . 
 everyone knows it . 
 you can hardly put the maidens into danger for fear of them getting hurt ! '' 
 `` i have been forced to revise that particular inclination , '' al ` thor said . 
 `` as of tonight . '' 
 `` but - '' `` cadsuane , '' he said softly , `` do you believe that i could kill you ? 
 right here , right now , without using a sword or the power ? 
 do you believe that if i simply willed it , the pattern would bend around me and stop your heart ? 
 by ... coincidence ? '' 
 being ta ` veren did n't work that way . 
 light ! 
 it did n't , did it ? 
 he could n't bend the very pattern to his will , could he ? 
 and yet , meeting his eyes , she did believe . 
 against all logic , she looked in those eyes and knew that if she did n't leave , she would die . 
 she nodded slowly , hating herself , strangely weak . 
 he turned away from her , looking back out the window . 
 `` be certain that i do not see your face . 
 ever again , cadsuane . 
 you may go now . '' 
 dazed , she turned-and from the corner of her eye , she saw a deep darkness emanating from al ` thor , warping the air even further . 
 when she glanced back , it was gone . 
 with gritted teeth , she left . 
 `` prepare yourselves and your armies , '' al ` thor said to those who remained , voice echoing in the room behind . 
 `` i intend to be gone by week 's end . '' 
 cadsuane raised a hand to her head and leaned against the hallway wall outside , heart thumping , hand sweating . 
 before , she had been working against a stubborn but good-hearted boy . 
 someone had taken that child and replaced him with this man , a man more dangerous than any she had ever met . 
 day by day , he was slipping away from them . 
 and at the moment , she had n't a blasted clue what to do about it . 
 chapter 24 a new commitment exhausted from two days of riding , gawyn sat atop challenge on a low hill southwest of tar valon . 
 this countryside should have been green with spring 's arrival , but the hillside before him bore only scraggly dead weeds , slain by the winter snows . 
 tufts of yew and blackwood poked up here and there , breaking the brown landscape . 
 he counted more than a few stands that were now populated only by stumps . 
 a war camp devoured trees like hungry woodgnarls , using them for arrows , fires , buildings and siege equipment . 
 gawyn yawned-he 'd pushed hard through the night . 
 bryne 's war camp was well dug in here , and was a bustle of motion and activity . 
 an army this large spawned organized chaos at best . 
 a small band of mounted cavalry could travel light , as gawyn 's younglings had ; a force like that could grow to several thousand and remain lean . 
 expert horsemen , like the saldaeans , were said to manage larger bands of seven or eight thousand while keeping their mobility . 
 but a force like the one below was a different beast entirely . 
 it was an enormous , sprawling thing , in the shape of an enormous bubble with a smaller camp at its center ; that probably held the aes sedai . 
 bryne also had forces occupying all of the bridge towns on both sides of the river erinin , effectively cutting off the island from ground supply . 
 the army squatted near tar valon like a spider eyeing a butterfly hovering just outside of its web . 
 lines of troops rode in and out patrolling , purchasing food , running messages . 
 do2ens upon dozens of squads , some mounted , others walking . 
 like bees leaving the hive while others swarmed back in . 
 the eastern side of the main camp was crowded with a mishmash of shanties and tents , the normal riffraff of camp followers that collected around an army . 
 near by , just inside the main war-camp boundary , a wooden palisade-perhaps fifty yards across-rose in a tall ring . 
 probably a command post . 
 gawyn knew he had been seen by bryne 's scouts as he approached , yet none had stopped him . 
 they probably would n't unless he tried to ride away . 
 a single man-wearing a decent gray cloak and trousers , with a lacing shirt of white-wasn ' t of much interest . 
 he could be a sell-sword , coming to ask for a place in the ranks . 
 he could be a messenger from a local lord , sent to complain about a group of scouts . 
 he could even be a member of the army . 
 while many of those in bryne 's force wore uniforms , many others just wore a simple yellow band on their coatsleeves , not yet able to pay for proper insignia to be sewn on . 
 no , a single man approaching the army was not a danger . 
 a single man riding away from it , however , was cause for alarm . 
 a man coming to the camp could be friend , foe or neither . 
 a man who inspected the camp then rode away was almost certainly a spy . 
 so long as gawyn did n't leave before making his intentions known , bryne 's outriders would be unlikely to bother him . 
 light , but he could use a bed . 
 he 'd spent a restless two nights , sleeping only a couple of hours during each one , wrapped in his cloak . 
 he felt irritable and cranky , partially just at himself for refusing to go to an inn , lest he be chased by the younglings . 
 he blinked bleary eyes , and spurred challenge down the incline . 
 he was committed now . 
 no . 
 he 'd been committed the moment he 'd left sleete behind in dorian . 
 by now , the younglings knew of their leader 's betrayal . 
 sleete would n't allow them to waste time searching . 
 he 'd tell them what he knew . 
 gawyn wished he could convince himself that they 'd be surprised , but he 'd received more than one frown or look of confusion regarding the way he spoke of elaida and the aes sedai . 
 the white tower did n't deserve his allegiance , but the younglings - he could never go back to them , now . 
 it itched at him ; this was the first time his wavering had been revealed to a large group . 
 nobody knew that he 'd helped siuan escape , nor was it widespread knowledge that he 'd dallied with egwene . 
 yet leaving had been the right thing to do . 
 for the first time in months , his actions matched his heart . 
 saving egwene . 
 that was something he could believe in . 
 he approached the outskirts of camp , keeping his face impassive . 
 he hated the idea of working with the rebel aes sedai almost as much as he had hated abandoning his men . 
 these rebels were no better than elaida . 
 they were the ones who had propped egwene up as an amyrlin , as a target . 
 egwene ! 
 a mere accepted . 
 a pawn . 
 if they failed in their bid for the tower , they themselves might be able to escape punishment . 
 egwene would be executed . 
 77 / get in , gawyn thought . 
 / ' / / save her somehow . 
 then i 'll talk some sense into her and bring her away from all of the aes sedai . 
 perhaps even talk sense into bryne . 
 we can all get back to andor , to help elayne . 
 he rode forward with renewed determination , banishing some of his exhaustion . 
 to reach the command post , he had to ride through the camp followers , who outnumbered the actual troops . 
 cooks to fix the food . 
 women to serve the food and wash the soiled dishes . 
 wagon drivers to carry the food . 
 wheelwrights to fix the wagons that carried the food . 
 blacksmiths to make horseshoes for the horses that pulled the wagons that carried the food . 
 merchants to buy the food , and quartermasters to organize it . 
 less reputable merchants who sought to profit off of the soldiers and their battle pay , and women who sought to do the same . 
 boys to run messages , hoping to someday carry a sword themselves . 
 it was a complete mess . 
 a half-shanty conglomeration of tents and shacks , each of a different hue , design and state of disrepair . 
 even a capable general like bryne could impose only so much order on camp followers . 
 his men would keep the peace , more or less , but they could n't force followers to keep military discipline . 
 gawyn passed through the middle of it all , ignoring those who called to him offering to shine his sword or sell him a sweetbun . 
 the prices would be low-this was a place that fed off of soldiers-but with his war-horse and finer clothing , he 'd be marked as an officer . 
 if he bought from one , the others would smell coin , and he could end up surrounded by all who hoped to sell to him . 
 he ignored the calls , eyes forward , toward the army itself ahead . 
 its tents were generally organized in neat rows , grouped by squad and banner , though sometimes in smaller clusters . 
 gawyn could have guessed the layout without seeing it . 
 bryne liked organization , but also believed strongly in delegation . 
 bryne would allow officers to run their camps as they wished , and that led to a setup that was less uniform , yet was far better at running itself . 
 he headed directly for the palisade . 
 the camp followers around him were n't easy to ignore , however . 
 their calls to him lingered in the air , together with the scents of cooking , privies , horses and cheap perfume . 
 the camp was n't as crowded as a city , but it also was n't as well maintained . 
 sweat mixed with burning cook fires mixed with stagnant water mixed with unwashed bodies . 
 it made him want to hold a handkerchief to his face , though he refrained . 
 it would make him look like a spoiled noble , turning his nose up at the common people . 
 the stink , the confusion and the yells did n't help his mood any . 
 he had to grit his teeth to keep himself from cursing at each hawker . 
 a figure stumbled onto the pathway in front of him-he reined in . 
 the woman wore a brown skirt and a white blouse , her hands grimy . 
 `` out of the way , '' gawyn snapped . 
 his mother would have been outraged to hear him speaking with such anger . 
 well , his mother was dead now , by al ` thor 's hand . 
 the woman in front of him looked up and ran back out of the pathway . 
 she had light hair tied in a yellow kerchief and a faintly plump body . 
 gawyn caught just a glimpse of her face as she turned . 
 gawyn froze . 
 that was an aes sedai face ! 
 it was unmistakable . 
 he sat , shocked , as the woman pulled her kerchief down and hurried away . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he called , turning his horse . 
 but the woman did not stop . 
 he hesitated , lowering his arm as he saw the woman join a line of washwomen working between several wooden troughs a short distance away . 
 if she was pretending to be a common woman , then she likely had her own blasted aes sedai reasons , and she would n't appreciate him exposing her . 
 very well . 
 gawyn forced down his annoyance . 
 egwene . 
 he had to focus on egwene . 
 when he reached the command palisade , the air improved measurably . 
 a quartet of soldiers stood on guard , halberds held at their sides , steel caps gleaming and matched by breastplates emblazoned with bryne 's three stars . 
 a banner bearing the flame of tar valon flapped beside the gateway . 
 `` recruit ? '' 
 asked one of the soldiers as gawyn rode up . 
 the heavyset man bore a red stripe on his left shoulder , marking him as a watch sergeant . 
 he carried a sword instead of a halberd . 
 his breastplate barely fithis girth , and his chin bristled with red hairs . 
 `` you 'll have to meet with captain aldan , '' the man said with a grunt . 
 `` big blue tent about a quarter of the way around the outside of the camp . 
 you 've got your own horse and sword ; that 'll get you good pay . '' 
 the man pointed toward a distant point in the main body of the army , outside the palisade . 
 that would n't do . 
 he could see bryne 's banner flying inside . 
 `` i 'm not a recruit , '' gawyn said , turning challenge to get a better look at the men . 
 `` my name is gawyn trakand . 
 i need to speak with gareth bryne immediately about a matter of some urgency . '' 
 the soldier raised an eyebrow . 
 then he chuckled to himself . 
 `` you do n't believe me , '' gawyn said flatly . 
 `` you should go speak to captain aldan , '' the man said lazily , pointing toward the distant tent again . 
 gawyn took a calming breath , trying to force down his irritation . 
 `` if you 'd just send for bryne , you 'd find that - '' `` are you going to be trouble ? '' 
 the soldier asked , puffing himself up . 
 the other men readied their halberds . 
 `` no trouble , '' gawyn said evenly . 
 `` i just need - '' `` if you 're going to be in our camp , '' the soldier interrupted , stepping forward , `` you 're going to have to learn how to do what you 're told . '' 
 gawyn met the man 's eyes . 
 `` very well . 
 we can do it this way . 
 it will probably be faster anyway . '' 
 the sergeant laid a hand on his sword . 
 gawyn kicked his feet free of the stirrups and pushed himself out of the saddle . 
 it would be too hard to keep from killing the man from horseback . 
 he slid his blade free as his feet hit the muddy ground , the sheath rasping like an inhaled breath . 
 gawyn fell into oak shakes its branches , a form that wielded nonlethal blows , often used by masters for training their students . 
 it was also very effective against a large group all using different weapons . 
 before the sergeant had his sword free , gawyn slammed into him , ramming an elbow into his gut just beneath the poorly fitting breastplate . 
 the man grunted and bent , then gawyn knocked him on the side of the head with the hilt of his sword-the man should have known better than to wear his cap askew like that . 
 then gawyn fell into parting the silk to deal with the first halberdier . 
 as another of the men screamed for help , gawyn 's blade slashed across the first halberdier 's breastplate with a ringing sound , forcing the man back . 
 gawyn finished by sweeping the man 's feet from under him , then fell into twisting the wind to block a pair of blows from the other two men . 
 it was unfortunate , but he had to resort to striking the thighs of the two standing halberdiers . 
 he 'd have preferred to avoid wounding them , but fights-even one such as this , against far less skilled opponents-became unpredictable the longer they lasted . 
 one had to control the battlefield quickly and soundly , and that meant dropping the two soldiers-clutching their bleeding thighs . 
 the sergeant was out cold from the rap to the head , but the first halberdier was rising shakily . 
 gawyn kicked the man 's halberd aside , then planted a boot in his face , knocking him back and bloodying his nose . 
 challenge whinnied from behind , snorting and stamping the ground . 
 the warhorse sensed a fight , but was well trained . 
 he knew that when his reins were dropped , he was to remain still . 
 gawyn wiped his blade on his trouser leg , then slid it back into its sheath , the wounded soldiers groaning on the ground . 
 he patted challenge on the nose and took up the reins again . 
 behind gawyn , nearby camp followers backed away , then ran . 
 a group of soldiers from inside the palisade approached with bows drawn . 
 that was not good . 
 gawyn turned to face them , pulling his still-sheathed sword free from his belt and tossing it to the ground in front of the men . 
 `` i am unarmed , '' he said over the sounds of the wounded . 
 `` and none of these four will die this day . 
 go and tell your general that a lone blade-master just felled a squad of his guards in under ten heartbeats . 
 i 'm an old student of his . 
 he 'll want to see me . '' 
 one of the men scrambled forward to take gawyn 's fallen sword while another signaled to a runner . 
 the others kept their bows raised . 
 one of the fallen halberdiers began to crawl away . 
 gawyn turned challenge at an angle , making ready to duck behind the horse if the soldiers moved to draw . 
 he 'd much prefer it not come to that , but of the two of them , challenge was far more likely to survive a few shortbow shafts than gawyn . 
 several of the soldiers risked coming forward to help their fallen friends . 
 the heavyset watch sergeant was stirring , and he sat up , cursing under his breath . 
 gawyn made no threatening motions . 
 perhaps it had been a mistake to fight the men , but he had already wasted too much time . 
 egwene could be dead by now ! 
 when a man like that sergeant tried to assert his authority , you really only had two options . 
 you could talk your way up through the ranks of the bureaucracy , convincing each soldier each step of the way that you were important . 
 or you could make a disturbance . 
 the second was faster , and the camp obviously had enough aes sedai support to heal a few injured soldiers . 
 eventually , a small group of men strode out from inside the palisade . 
 their uniforms were sharp , their postures dangerous , their faces worn . 
 at their head came a square-faced man with graying temples and a strong , stocky build . 
 gawyn smiled . 
 bryne himself . 
 the gamble had worked . 
 the captain-general surveyed gawyn , then moved on to a quick inspection of his fallen soldiers . 
 at last , he shook his head . 
 `` stand down , '' he said to his men . 
 `` sergeant cords . '' 
 the stocky sergeant stood up . 
 `` sir ! '' 
 bryne glanced back at gawyn . 
 `` next time a man comes to the gate claiming to be nobility and asking for me , send for an officer . 
 immediately . 
 i do n't care if the man has two months of scruffy beard and reeks of cheap ale . 
 understood ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' the sergeant said , blushing . 
 `` understood , sir . '' 
 `` see your men to the infirmary , sergeant , '' bryne said , still looking at gawyn . 
 `` you , come with me . '' 
 gawyn clenched his jaw . 
 he had n't received such an address from gareth bryne since before he 'd started shaving . 
 still , he could n't really expect the man to be pleased . 
 just inside the palisade , gawyn spotted a young boy who was likely a stablehand or messenger boy . 
 he handed challenge to the wide-eyed youth , instructing him to see the horse cared for . 
 then gawyn retrieved his sword from the man holding it and hurried after bryne . 
 `` gareth , '' gawyn said , catching up , `` i - '' `` hold your tongue , young man , '' bryne said , not turning toward him . 
 `` i have n't decided what i 'm going to do with you . '' 
 gawyn snapped his mouth closed . 
 that was uncalled for ! 
 gawyn was still brother to the rightful queen of andor , and would be first prince of the sword should elayne take and hold the throne ! 
 bryne should show him respect . 
 but bryne could be stubborn as a boar . 
 gawyn held his tongue . 
 they reached a tall , peaked tent with two guards at the front . 
 bryne ducked inside and gawyn followed . 
 the inside was neat and clean , more so than gawyn had expected . 
 the desk was stacked with rolled maps and orderly sheets of paper , and the pallets in the corner were rolled carefully , blankets folded with sharp angles . 
 bryne was obviously relying on someone meticulous to tidy up for him . 
 bryne clasped his hands behind his back , breastplate reflecting gawyn 's face as he turned around . 
 `` all right . 
 explain what you 're doing here . '' 
 gawyn drew himself up . 
 `` general , '' he said , `` i think you mistake yourself . 
 i 'm no longer your student . '' 
 `` i know , '' bryne said curtly . 
 `` the boy / trained would never have pulled a childish stunt like that one to get my attention . '' 
 `` the watch sergeant was belligerent , and i had no patience for the posturing of a fool . 
 this seemed the best way . '' 
 `` the best way to what -rcb- '' bryne asked . 
 `` outrage me ? '' 
 `` look , '' gawyn said , `` perhaps i was hasty , but i have an important task . 
 you need to listen to me . '' 
 `` and if i do n't ? '' 
 bryne asked . 
 `` if i instead throw you out of my camp for being a spoiled princeling with too much pride and not enough sense ? '' 
 gawyn frowned . 
 `` be careful , gareth . 
 i 've learned a great deal since we last met . 
 i think you 'll find that your sword can no longer best mine as easily as it once did . '' 
 `` i have no doubt of that , '' bryne said . 
 `` light , boy ! 
 you always were a talented one . 
 but you think that just because you 're skilled with the sword , your words hold more weight ? 
 i should listen because you 'll kill me if i do n't ? 
 i thought i taught you far better than that . '' 
 bryne had aged since gawyn had last seen him . 
 but that age did n't bow bryne down-it rested comfortably on his shoulders . 
 a few more traces of white at his temples , a few more wrinkles around the eyes , yet strong and lean enough of body that he looked years younger than he was . 
 one could n't look at gareth bryne and see anything other than a man in-certainly not past-his prime . 
 gawyn locked eyes with the general , trying to keep the anger from boiling out . 
 bryne held his gaze , calm . 
 solid . 
 as a general should be . 
 as gawyn should be . 
 gawyn looked away , suddenly feeling ashamed of himself . 
 `` light , '' he whispered , releasing his sword and raising a hand to his head . 
 he suddenly felt very , very tired . 
 `` i 'm sorry , gareth . 
 you 're right . 
 i 've been a fool . '' 
 bryne grunted . 
 `` good to hear you say that . 
 i was beginning to wonder what had happened to you . '' 
 gawyn sighed , wiping his brow , wishing for something cool to drink . 
 his anger melted away , and he felt exhausted . 
 `` it has been a difficult year , '' he said , `` and i rode myself too hard getting here . 
 i 'm at the edge of my mind . '' 
 `` you are n't the only one , lad , '' bryne said . 
 he took a deep breath and walked to a small serving table , poured a cup of something for gawyn . 
 it was only warm tea , but gawyn took it thankfully and sipped . 
 `` these are times to test men , '' bryne said , pouring himself a cup . 
 he took a sip and grimaced . 
 `` what ? '' 
 gawyn asked , glancing down at his cup . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 i despise this stuff . '' 
 `` then why drink it ? '' 
 gawyn asked . 
 `` it 's supposed to improve my health , '' bryne grumbled . 
 before gawyn could ask further , the large general continued , `` so are you going to make me throw you in the stocks before you 'll tell me why you decided to fight your way into my command post ? '' 
 gawyn stepped forward . 
 `` gareth . 
 it 's egwene . 
 they have her . '' 
 `` the white tower aes sedai ? '' 
 gawyn nodded urgently . 
 `` i know . '' 
 bryne took another drink , then grimaced again . 
 `` we have to go for her ! '' 
 gawyn said . 
 `` i came to ask you for help . 
 i intend to mount a rescue . '' 
 bryne snorted softly . 
 `` a rescue ? 
 and how do you intend to get into the white tower ? 
 even the aiel could n't break into that city . '' 
 `` they did n't want to , '' gawyn said . 
 `` but i do n't need to take the city , i just need to sneak a small force in , then get one person out . 
 every rock has its cracks . 
 i 'll find a way . '' 
 bryne set his cup aside . 
 he looked at gawyn , firm , weathered face an icon of nobility . 
 `` but tell me this , lad . 
 how are you going to get her to come out with you ? '' 
 gawyn started . 
 `` why , she 'll be happy to come . 
 why would n't she ? '' 
 `` because she 's forbidden us to rescue her , '' bryne said , clasping his hands behind his back again . 
 `` or so i 've been able to gather . 
 the aes sedai tell me little . 
 one would think they 'd be more trusting toward a man they depend on to run this siege of theirs . 
 anyway , the amyrlin can communicate with them somehow , and she 's instructed them to leave her be . '' 
 what ? 
 that was ridiculous ! 
 obviously , the aes sedai in camp were fudging the facts . 
 `` bryne , she 's imprisoned ! 
 the aes sedai i heard talking said that she 's being beaten daily . 
 they 'll execute her ! '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' bryne said . 
 `` she 's been with them for weeks now and they have n't killed her yet . '' 
 `` they 'll kill her , '' gawyn said urgently . 
 `` you know they will . 
 perhaps you parade a fallen enemy before your soldiers for a time , but eventually you have to mount his head on a pike to let them know he 's dead and gone . 
 you know i 'm right . '' 
 bryne regarded him , then nodded . 
 `` perhaps i do . 
 but there 's still nothing i can do . 
 i 'm bound by oaths , gawyn . 
 i ca n't do anything unless that girl instructs me to . '' 
 `` you 'd let her die ? '' 
 `` if that 's what it takes to keep my oath , then yes . '' 
 if bryne was bound by oath ... well , he 'd sooner hear an aes sedai tell a lie than see gareth bryne break his word . 
 but egwene ! 
 there had to be something he could do ! 
 `` i 'll try to get you an audience with some of the aes sedai i serve , '' bryne said . 
 `` perhaps they can do something . 
 if you persuade them that a rescue is needed , and that the amyrlin would want it , then we 'll see . '' 
 gawyn nodded . 
 it was something at least . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 bryne waved indifferently . 
 `` though i should see you in the stocks . 
 for wounding three of my men , if nothing else . '' 
 `` have an aes sedai heal them , '' gawyn said . 
 `` from what i 've heard , you 've no lack of sisters to bully you . '' 
 `` bah , '' bryne said . 
 `` i can rarely get them to heal anyone unless the soldier 's life is threatened . 
 i had a man take a bad spill while riding the other day , and i was told that healing would only teach him to be reckless . 
 ` pain is its own lesson , ' the blasted woman said . 
 ` perhaps next time he wo n't see fit to make sport for his friends while riding . ' '' 
 gawyn grimaced . 
 `` but surely they 'll make an exception for those men . 
 after all , an enemy did do the wounding . '' 
 `` we 'll see , '' bryne said . 
 `` the sisters rarely visit the soldiers . 
 they 've their own business to be about . '' 
 `` there 's one in the outer camp now , '' gawyn said absently , glancing over his shoulder . 
 `` younger girl ? 
 dark hair , without the ageless face ? '' 
 `` no , this was an aes sedai . 
 i could tell because of the face . 
 she was kind of plump , with lighter hair . '' 
 `` probably just scouting for warders , '' bryne said , sighing . 
 `` they do that . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , '' gawyn said , glancing over his shoulder . 
 `` she was hiding among the washwomen . '' 
 as he thought about it , he realized that she could very well be a spy for the white tower loyalists . 
 bryne 's frown deepened . 
 perhaps he had the same thoughts . 
 `` show me , '' he said , striding toward the tent flaps . 
 he threw them aside , walking back out into the morning light , gawyn following . 
 `` you never did explain what you are doing here , gawyn , '' bryne said as they walked through the orderly camp , soldiers saluting their general as he passed . 
 `` i told you , '' gawyn said , hand resting comfortably on the pommel of his sword . 
 `` i am going to find a way to get egwene out of that death trap . '' 
 `` i did n't mean what you 're doing in my camp . 
 i meant why you were in the area in the first place . 
 why are n't you back in caemlyn , helping your sister ? '' 
 `` you have news of elayne , '' gawyn said , stopping . 
 light ! 
 he should have asked earlier . 
 he really was tired . 
 `` i heard that she was in your camp earlier . 
 she 's gone back to caemlyn ? 
 is she safe ? '' 
 `` she has n't been with us for a long while , '' bryne said . 
 `` but she seems to be doing well . '' 
 he stopped , glancing at gawyn . 
 `` you mean you do n't know ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` well , rumors are unreliable , '' bryne said . 
 `` but i have confirmed many of them with the aes sedai , who have been traveling to caemlyn to listen for news . 
 your sister holds the lion throne . 
 it seems that she 's undone much of the mess your mother left for her . '' 
 gawyn took a deep breath . 
 thank the light , he thought , closing his eyes . 
 elayne lived . 
 elayne held the throne . 
 he opened his eyes , and the overcast sky seemed a little more bright . 
 he continued walking , bryne falling into step beside him . 
 `` you really did n't know , '' bryne said . 
 `` where have you been , lad ? 
 you 're the first prince of the sword now , or you will be once you return to caemlyn ! 
 your place is at your sister 's side . '' 
 `` egwene first . ' 
 `` you made an oath , '' bryne said sternly . 
 `` before me . 
 have you forgotten ? '' 
 `` no , '' gawyn said . 
 `` but if elayne has the throne , then she 's safe for now . 
 i 'll get egwene and tow her back to caemlyn where i can keep an eye on her . 
 where i can keep an eye on both of them . '' 
 bryne snorted . 
 `` i think i 'd like to watch you trying that first part , '' he noted . 
 `` but regardless , why were n't you there when elayne was trying to take the throne ? 
 what have you been doing that is more important than that ? '' 
 `` i ... grew entangled , '' gawyn said , eyes forward . 
 `` entangled ? '' 
 bryne asked . 
 `` you were at the white tower when all of this - '' he cut off , falling silent . 
 the two walked side by side for a moment . 
 `` where did you hear sisters talking about egwene 's capture ? '' 
 bryne asked . 
 `` how would you know she 's being punished ? '' 
 gawyn said nothing . 
 `` blood and bloody ashes ! '' 
 bryne exclaimed . 
 the general rarely cursed . 
 `` i knew that the person leading those raids against me was too well informed . 
 and here i was , looking for a leak among my officers ! '' 
 `` it does n't matter now . '' 
 `` i 'll judge that , '' bryne said . 
 `` you 've been killing my men . 
 leading raids against me ! '' 
 `` leading raids against the rebels , '' gawyn said , turning hard eyes on bryne . 
 `` you may blame me for bullying my way into your camp , but do you honestly expect me to feel guilty for helping the white tower against the force besieging it ? '' 
 bryne fell silent . 
 then he nodded curtly . 
 `` very well . 
 but that makes you an enemy commander . ' 
 `` no longer , '' gawyn said . 
 `` i 've left that command . '' 
 `` but - '' `` i helped them , '' gawyn said . 
 `` i no longer do . 
 nothing i see here will return to your enemies , bryne . 
 i swear it on the light . '' 
 bryne did n't respond immediately . 
 they passed tents , likely for the high officers , approaching the palisade wall . 
 `` very well , '' bryne said . 
 `` i can trust you have n't changed enough to break your word . '' 
 `` i would n't turn against that oath , '' gawyn said harshly . 
 `` how could you think that i would ? '' 
 `` i 've had experience with unexpected renunciations of oaths lately , '' bryne said . 
 `` i said i believe you , lad . 
 and i do . 
 but you still have n't explained why you did n't return to caemlyn . '' 
 `` egwene was with the aes sedai , '' gawyn said . 
 `` as far as i knew , elayne was as well . 
 this seemed a good place to be , although i was n't certain i liked elaida 's authority . '' 
 `` and what is egwene to you ? '' 
 bryne asked softly . 
 gawyn met his eyes . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he admitted . 
 `` i wish i did . '' 
 strangely , bryne chuckled . 
 `` i see . 
 and i understand . 
 come , let 's find this aes sedai you think you saw . '' 
 `` i did see her , gareth , '' gawyn said , nodding to the guards as they passed out the gates . 
 the men saluted bryne , but watched gawyn as they would a blacklance . 
 as well they should . 
 `` we shall see what we find , '' bryne said . 
 `` regardless , once i get you a meeting with the aes sedai leaders , i want your word that you 'll go back to caemlyn . 
 leave egwene to us . 
 you need to help elayne . 
 it 's your place to be in andor . '' 
 `` i could say the same of you . '' 
 gawyn surveyed the teeming followers ' camp . 
 where had the woman been ? 
 `` you could , '' bryne said gruffly . 
 `` but it would n't be true . 
 your mother saw to that . '' 
 gawyn glanced at him . 
 `` she put me out to pasture , gawyn . 
 banished me and threatened me with death . '' 
 `` impossible ! '' 
 bryne looked grim . 
 `` i felt the same way . 
 but it is true nonetheless . 
 the things she said ... they stung , gawyn . 
 that they did indeed . '' 
 that was all bryne said , but from him , it spoke volumes . 
 gawyn had never heard the man offer a word of discontent about his station or his orders . 
 he had been loyal to morgase-loyal with the kind of steadfastness a ruler could only hope for . 
 gawyn had never known a man more sure , or a man less likely to complain . 
 `` it must have been part of some scheme , '' gawyn said . 
 `` you know mother . 
 if she hurt you , there was a reason . '' 
 bryne shook his head . 
 `` no reason other than foolish love for that fop gaebril . 
 she nearly let her clouded head ruin andor . '' 
 `` she 'd never ! '' 
 gawyn snapped . 
 `` gareth , you of all people should know that ! '' 
 `` i should , '' bryne said , lowering his voice . 
 `` and i wish i did . '' 
 `` she had another motive , '' gawyn said stubbornly . 
 he felt the heat of anger rise within him again . 
 around them , peddlers glanced at the two , but said nothing . 
 they probably knew not to approach bryne . 
 `` but now we 'll never know it . 
 not now that she 's dead . 
 curse al ` thor ! 
 the day ca n't come soon enough when i can run him through . '' 
 bryne looked at gawyn sharply . 
 `` al ` thor saved andor , son . 
 or as near to it as a man could . '' 
 `` how could you say that ? '' 
 gawyn said , pulling his hand away . 
 `` how could you speak well of that monstet ? 
 he killed my mother ! '' 
 `` i do n't know if i believe those rumors or not , '' bryne said , rubbing his chin . 
 `` but if i do , lad , then perhaps he did andor a favor . 
 you do n't know how bad it got , there at the end . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm hearing this , '' gawyn said , lowering his hand to his sword . 
 `` i wo n't hear her name soiled like that , bryne . 
 i mean it . '' 
 bryne looked him directly in the eyes . 
 his gaze was so solid . 
 like eyes carved of granite . 
 `` i 'll always speak truth , gawyn . 
 no matter who challenges me on it . 
 it 's hard to hear ? 
 well , it was harder to live . 
 no good comes of spreading complaints . 
 but her son needs to know . 
 in the end , gawyn , your mother turned against andor by embracing gaebril . 
 she needed to be removed . 
 if al ` thor did that for us , then we have need to thank him . '' 
 gawyn shook his head , rage and shock fighting one another . 
 this was gareth bryne ? 
 `` these are n't the words of a spurned lover , '' bryne said , face set , as if shoving aside emotions . 
 he spoke softly as he and gawyn walked , camp followers giving them a wide berth . 
 `` i can accept that a woman could lose affection for a man and bestow it on another . 
 yes , morgase the woman i can forgive . 
 but morgase the queen ? 
 she gave the kingdom to that snake . 
 she sent her allies to be beaten and imprisoned . 
 she was n't right in her mind . 
 sometimes , when a soldier 's arm festers , it needs to be cut free to save the man 's life . 
 i 'm pleased at elayne 's success , and it is a wound to speak these words . 
 but you have to bury that hatred of al ` thor . 
 he was n't the problem . 
 your mother was . '' 
 gawyn kept his teeth clenched . 
 never , he thought . 
 / will nevet forgive al ` thor . 
 not for this . 
 `` i can see the intent behind that look , '' bryne said . 
 `` all the more reason to get you back to andor . 
 you 'll see . 
 if you do n't trust me , ask your sister . 
 see what she says of it . '' 
 gawyn nodded sharply . 
 enough of that . 
 ahead , he noted the place where he 'd seen the woman . 
 he glanced toward the distant lines of washwomen , then turned and strode toward them , edging between two merchants with pungent pens full of chickens , selling eggs . 
 `` this way , '' he said , perhaps too sharply . 
 he did n't look to see if bryne followed . 
 soon the general caught up to him , looking displeased , but he kept his peace . 
 they walked down a crowded , twisting pathway among people in browns and dull grays , and soon reached the line of women kneeling before two long wooden troughs of slowly flowing water . 
 men stood at the far end , pouring water down the troughs , and the line of women washed clothing in the sudsy one , then rinsed them off in the cleaner trough . 
 no wonder the ground was so wet ! 
 at least here it smelled of suds and cleanliness . 
 the women had their sleeves rolled up to their upper arms , and most of them chatted idly as they worked , rubbing clothing against boards in the troughs . 
 they were all dressed in those same brown skirts he had seen on the aes sedai . 
 gawyn rested his hand idly on his pommel , inspecting the women from behind . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 bryne asked . 
 `` just a moment , '' gawyn said . 
 there were dozens of women . 
 had he really seen what he 'd thought ? 
 why would an aes sedai be in this camp , of all places ? 
 surely elaida would n't send an aes sedai out to spy ; their faces made them too easy to recognize . 
 of course , if they were that easy to recognize , why could n't he spot her now ? 
 and then he saw her . 
 she was one of the only women who was n't chatting with those around her . 
 she knelt with her head bowed , the yellow kerchief tied around her head , shading her face , a few locks of light hair sticking out from under the cloth . 
 her posture was so subservient that he almost missed her , but the shape of her body stood out . 
 she was plump , and that kerchief was the only yellow one in the line . 
 gawyn strode down the line of working women , several of whom stood up , hands on h * ps as they explained in no uncertain terms that `` soldiers with their big feet and awkward elbows '' should stay out of the way of women at work . 
 gawyn ignored them , pressing on until he stood beside the yellow kerchief . 
 this is insane , gawyn thought . 
 there 's never in all of history been an aes sedai who could force herself to adopt that kind of posture . 
 bryne stepped up beside him . 
 gawyn stooped down , trying to get a look at the woman 's face . 
 she bowed down further , scrubbing more furiously at the shirt in the trough before her . 
 `` woman , '' gawyn said . 
 `` may i see your face ? '' 
 she did n't respond . 
 gawyn looked up at bryne . 
 hesitantly , the general reached down and pushed back the plump woman 's kerchief . 
 the face underneath was distinctly aes sedai , with that unmistakable ageless quality . 
 she did n't look up . 
 she just kept working . 
 `` i said it would n't work , '' said a hefty woman nearby . 
 the woman rose and waddled down the line , wearing a tentlike dress of green and brown . '' 
 ` my lady , ' i told her , ` you can do as you wish , i ai n't one to refuse such as you , but someone 's going to notice you . ' '' 
 `` you 're in charge of the washwomen , '' bryne said . 
 the large woman nodded firmly , her red curls bouncing . 
 `` indeed i am , general . '' 
 she turned to the aes sedai , curtsying . 
 `` lady tagren , i did warn you . 
 light burn me , but i did . 
 i 'm right sorry . '' 
 the woman called tagren bowed her head . 
 were those tears on her cheeks ? 
 was that even possible ? 
 what was going on ? 
 `` my lady , '' bryne said , squatting down beside her . 
 `` are you aes sedai ? 
 if you are , and you command me to leave , i will do so without question . '' 
 a good way to approach it . 
 if she really was aes sedai , she could n't lie . 
 `` i 'm not aes sedai , '' the woman whispered . 
 bryne looked up at gawyn , frowning . 
 what did it mean if she said that ? 
 an aes sedai could n't lie . 
 so . 
 ... the woman softly said , `` my name is shemerin . 
 i was aes sedai , once . 
 but no more . 
 not since ... . '' 
 she looked down again . 
 `` please . 
 just leave me to work in my shame . '' 
 `` i will , '' bryne said . 
 then he hesitated . 
 `` but i 'll need you to talk to some sisters from the camp first . 
 they 'd have my ears if i do n't bring you in to speak with them . '' 
 the woman , shemerin , sighed but stood up . 
 `` come on , '' bryne said to gawyn . 
 `` i have no doubt that they 'll also want to talk to you . 
 best to get this over with quickly . '' 
 chapter 25 in darkness sheriam peeked into her dark tent , hesitant , but saw nothing inside . 
 allowing herself a smile of satisfaction , she stepped in and drew the flaps closed . 
 things were going quite well , for once . 
 of course , she still checked her tent before she entered , searching for the one who had sometimes lurked inside . 
 the one whom she 'd never been able to sense , yet always felt as though she should . 
 yes , sheriam still checked , and probably would for months yet-but there was no need , now . 
 no phantom waited to punish her . 
 the square little tent was large enough to stand up in , with a cot along one side and a trunk along the other . 
 there was just room for a desk , but it would so crowd the space that she 'd barely be able to move . 
 besides , there was a perfectly acceptable desk nearby , in egwene 's unused tent . 
 there had been talk of giving that tent to someone else-most sisters had to share , though more tents were being brought in each week . 
 however , the amyrlin 's tent was a symbol . 
 as long as there was hope of egwene 's return , her tent should wait for her . 
 it was kept neat by the inconsolable chesa , whom sheriam still caught crying about her mistress 's captivity . 
 well , so long as egwene was away , that tent was functionally sheriam 's for all but sleeping . 
 after all , an amyrlin 's keeper was expected to look after her affairs . 
 sheriam smiled again , sitting down on her cot . 
 not long ago , her life had been a perpetual cycle of frustration and pain . 
 now that was over . 
 bless romanda . 
 whatever else sheriam thought of the fool woman , ro-manda had been the one to chase halima-and sheriam 's punishments - out of the camp . 
 pain would come again . 
 there was always agony and punishment involved in the service she gave . 
 but she had learned to take the times of peace and cherish them . 
 at times , she wished she 'd kept her mouth closed , not asked questions . 
 but she had , and here she was . 
 her allegiances had brought her power , as promised . 
 but nobody had warned her of the pain . 
 not infrequently she wished she 'd chosen the brown and hidden herself away in a library somewhere , never to see others . 
 but now she was where she was . 
 there was no use wondering about what could have happened . 
 she sighed , then removed her dress and changed her shift . 
 she did so in the dark ; candles and oil were both rationed , and with the rebels ' funds drying up , she 'd need to hide away what she had for later use . 
 she climbed onto the cot , pulling up the blanket . 
 she was n't so naive as to feel guilty about the things she 'd done . 
 every sister in the white tower tried to get ahead ; that 's what life was about ! 
 there was n't an aes sedai who would n't stab her sisters in the back if she thought it would give her advantage . 
 sheriam 's friends were just a little more ... practiced at it . 
 but why had the end of days had to come now of all times ? 
 others in her association spoke of the glory and great honor of being alive at this time , but sheriam did n't agree . 
 she 'd joined to rise in white tower politics , to have the power to punish those who spited her . 
 she 'd never wanted to participate in some final reckoning with the dragon reborn , and she 'd certainly never desired to have anything to do with the chosen ! 
 but nothing could be done now . 
 best to enjoy the peace of being free of both the beatings and egwene 's self-righteous pratings . 
 yes indeed ... . 
 there was a woman with great strength in the power standing outside her tent . 
 sheriam snapped her eyes open . 
 she could sense other women who could channel , just like any other sister . 
 bloody ashes ! 
 she thought nervously , squeezing her eyes shut . 
 not again ! 
 the tent flaps rippled . 
 sheriam opened her eyes to find a jet-black figure standing above her cot ; slivers of moonlight passing through the fluttering tent flaps were just enough to outline of the figure 's form . 
 it was clothed in an unnatural darkness , ribbons of black cloth fluttering behind it , the face obscured by a deep blackness . 
 sheriam gasped and threw herself from the cot , making obeisance on the canvas tent bottom . 
 there was barely room enough for her to kneel . 
 she cringed , expecting the pain to come upon her again . 
 `` ah ... '' a rasping voice said . 
 `` very good . 
 you are obedient . 
 i am pleased . '' 
 it was n't halima . 
 sheriam had never been able to sense halima , who it appeared had been channeling saidin all along . 
 also , halima had never come in such a ... dramatic way . 
 such strength ! 
 it seemed likely that this was one of the chosen . 
 either that , or at least a very powerful servant of the great lord , far above sheriam . 
 that worried her to the bone , and she trembled as she bowed . 
 `` i live to serve , great mistress , '' sheriam said quickly . 
 `` i , who am blessed to bow before you , to live during these times , to - '' `` stop your babbling , '' the voice growled . 
 `` you are well placed in this camp , i understand ? '' 
 `` yes , great mistress , '' sheriam said . 
 `` i am the keeper of the chronicles . '' 
 the figure sniffed . 
 `` keeper to a ragged bunch of would-be aes sedai rebels . 
 but that is no matter . 
 i have need of you . '' 
 `` i live to serve , great mistress , '' sheriam repeated , growing more worried . 
 what did this creature want of her ? 
 `` egwene al ` vere . 
 she must be deposed . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 sheriam asked , startled . 
 a switch of air cracked against her back , and it burned . 
 fool ! 
 did she want to get herself killed ? 
 `` my apologies , great mistress , '' she said quickly . 
 `` forgive my outburst . 
 but it was by orders from one of the chosen that i helped raise her as amyrlin in the first place ! '' 
 `` yes , but she has proven to have been a ... poor choice . 
 we needed a child , not a woman with merely the face of a child . 
 she must be removed . 
 you will make certain this group of foolish rebels stops supporting her . 
 and end those blasted meetings in tel ` aran ` rhiod . 
 how is it so many of you get there ? '' 
 `` we have ter ` angreal , '' sheriam said , hesitantly . 
 `` several in the shape of an amber plaque , several others in the shape of an iron disc . 
 then a handful of rings . '' 
 `` ah , sleep weavers , '' the figure said . 
 `` yes , those could be useful . 
 how many ? '' 
 sheriam hesitated . 
 her first instinct was to lie or hedge-this seemed like information she could hold over the figure . 
 but lying to one of the chosen ? 
 a poor choice . 
 `` we had twenty , '' sheriam said truthfully . 
 `` but one was with the woman leane , who was captured . 
 that leaves us with nineteen . '' 
 just enough for egwene 's meetings in the world of dreams - one for each of the sitters and one for sheriam herself . 
 `` yes , '' the figure hissed , shrouded in darkness . 
 `` useful indeed . 
 steal the sleepweavers , then give them to me . 
 this rabble has no business treading where the chosen walk . '' 
 `` i. ... '' steal the ter ` angreal ? 
 how was she going to manage that ! 
 `` i live to serve , great mistress . '' 
 `` yes you do . 
 do these things for me , and you will find yourself greatly rewarded . 
 fail me ... . '' 
 the figure contemplated for a moment . 
 `` you have three days . 
 each of the sleepweavers you fail to acquire in that time will cost you a finger or a toe . '' 
 with that , the chosen opened a gateway right in the middle of the room , then vanished through it . 
 sheriam caught a glimpse of the familiar tiled hallways of the white tower on the other side . 
 steal the sleepweavers ! 
 all nineteen of them ? 
 in three days ? 
 darkness above ! 
 sheriam thought . 
 / should have lied about the number we had ! 
 why did n't i lie ? 
 she remained kneeling , breathing in and out , for a long time , thinking about her predicament . 
 her period of peace was at an end , it appeared . 
 it had been brief . 
 `` she will be tried , of course , '' seaine said . 
 the soft-spoken white sat on a chair provided for her by the two reds guarding egwene 's cell . 
 the cell door was open , and egwene sat on a stool inside-also provided by the reds . 
 those two guards , plump cariandre and stern pa-trinda , watched carefully from the hallway , both holding the source and maintaining egwene 's shield . 
 they looked as if they expected her to dart away , scrambling for freedom . 
 egwene ignored them . 
 her two days of imprisonment had not been pleasant , but she would suffer them with dignity . 
 even if they locked her away in a tiny room with a door that would n't let in light . 
 even if they refused to let her change from the bloodied novice dress . 
 even if they beat her each day for how she had treated elaida . 
 egwene would not bow . 
 the reds reluctantly allowed her visitors , as stipulated by tower law . 
 egwene was surprised she had visitors , but seaine was n't the only one who had come to her . 
 several had been sitters . 
 curious . 
 nevertheless , egwene was starved for news . 
 how was the tower reacting to egwene 's imprisonment ? 
 were the rifts between the ajahs still deep and wide , or had her work started to bridge them ? 
 `` elaida broke tower law quite explicitly , '' seaine explained . 
 `` and it was witnessed by five sitters of five different ajahs . 
 she has tried to forestall a trial , but was unsuccessful . 
 however , there were some who listened to her argument . '' 
 `` which was ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` that you are a darkfriend , '' seaine said . 
 `` and , because of it , she expelled you from the tower , and then beat you . '' 
 egwene felt a chill . 
 if elaida was able to get enough support for that argument ... . 
 `` it will not stand , '' seaine said , consolingly . 
 `` this is not some backward village , where the dragon 's fang scrawled on someone 's door is enough to convict . '' 
 egwene raised an eyebrow . 
 she 'd been raised in `` some backward village , '' and they 'd had enough sense to look for more than rumors in convicting someone , no matter what the crime . 
 but she said nothing . 
 `` proving that accusation is difficult by tower standards , '' seaine said . 
 `` and so i suspect that she will not try to prove it in trial-partially because doing so would require her to let you speak for yourself , and i suspect that she 'll want to keep you hidden . '' 
 `` yes , '' egwene said , eyeing the reds lounging nearby . 
 `` you are probably right . 
 but if she ca n't prove i 'm a darkfriend and she could n't stop this from going to trial ... '' `` it is not an offense worthy of deposing her , '' seaine said . 
 `` the maximum punishment is formal censure from the hall and penance for a month . 
 she would retain the shawl . '' 
 but would lose a great deal of credibility , egwene thought . 
 it was encouraging . 
 but how to make certain that elaida did n't just hide her away ? 
 she had to keep the pressure on elaida-light-cursed difficult while locked away in her tiny cell each day ! 
 it had been only a short time so far , but already the lost opportunities grated on her . 
 `` you will attend the trial ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` of course , '' seaine said , even-tempered , as egwene had come to expect from the white . 
 some whites were all coolness and logic . 
 seaine was much warmer than that , but was still very reserved . 
 `` i am a sitter , egwene . '' 
 `` i assume that you 're still seeing the effects of the dark one 's stirring ? '' 
 egwene shivered and glanced at her cell floor , remembering what had happened to leane . 
 her own cell was far more austere than leane 's , perhaps because of the accusations of her being a darkfriend . 
 `` yes . '' 
 seaine 's voice grew softer . 
 `` they seem to be getting worse . 
 servants dying . 
 food spoiling . 
 entire sections of the tower rearranging at random . 
 the second kitchen moved to the sixth level last night , moving an entire section of the yellow ajah quarters into the basement . 
 it 's like what happened with the browns earlier , and that one still has n't been worked out . '' 
 egwene nodded . 
 with the way the rooms had shifted , those few novices whose rooms had n't moved suddenly now had assigned accommodations on the twenty-first and twenty-second levels , where brown ajah quarters had been . 
 the browns were , reluctantly , all moving down to the wing . 
 would it be a permanent change ? 
 always before , the sisters had lived in the tower proper , the novices and accepted living in the wing . 
 `` you have to bring these things up , seaine , '' egwene said softly . 
 `` keep reminding the sisters that the dark one stirs and that the last battle approaches . 
 keep their attention on working together , not dividing . '' 
 behind seaine , one of the red sisters checked the candle on the table . 
 the time allotted for egwene to receive visitors was ending . 
 she 'd soon be locked away again ; she could smell the dusty , unchanged straw behind her . 
 `` you must work hard , seaine , '' egwene said , rising as the reds approached . 
 `` do what i can not . 
 ask the others to do so as well . '' 
 `` i will try , '' seaine said . 
 she stood and watched as the reds took egwene 's stool , then gestured her back into the cell . 
 the ceiling was too low for her to stand without stooping . 
 egwene moved reluctantly , bending down . 
 `` the last battle comes , seaine . 
 remember . '' 
 the white nodded , and the door shut , locking egwene into darkness . 
 egwene sat down . 
 she felt so blind ! 
 what would happen at the trial ? 
 even if elaida was punished , what would be done with egwene ? 
 elaida would try to have her executed . 
 and she still had grounds , as egwene had-by the white tower 's definition-impersonated the amyrlin seat . 
 / must stay firm , egwene told herself in the darkness . 
 i warmed this pot myself , and now i must boil in it , if that is what will protect the tower . 
 they knew she continued to resist . 
 that was all she could give them . 
 chapter 26 a crack in the stone aviendha surveyed the manor grounds , swarming with people preparing to depart . 
 bashere 's men and women were well trained for wetlanders , and they worked efficiently to stow their tents and prepare their gear . 
 however , compared to the aiel , the other wetlanders-those who were n't actual soldiers-were a mess . 
 camp women skittered this way and that , as if sure they would leave some task undone or some item unpacked . 
 the messenger boys ran with their friends , trying to look busy so that they would n't have to do anything . 
 the civilians ' tents and equipment were only slowly being packed and stowed , and they would need horses , wagons and teams of drivers to get them all where they needed to go . 
 aviendha shook her head . 
 the aiel brought only what they could carry , and their war band included only soldiers and wise ones . 
 and when more than just spears were required for an extended campaign , all workers and craftspeople knew how to prepare themselves for departure with speed and efficiency . 
 there was honor in that . 
 honor which demanded that each person be able to care for themselves and their own , not slowing the clan down . 
 she shook her head , turning back to her task . 
 the only ones who truly lacked honor on a day like this were those who did not work . 
 she dipped a finger into the pail of water on the ground in front of her , then raised her hand and let it hover over a second pail . 
 a drop of water dripped free . 
 she moved her hand and did it again . 
 it was the type of punishment in which no wetlander could have seen significance . 
 they would have thought it easy work , sitting on the ground , leaning with her back against the wooden logs of the manor house . 
 moving her hand back and forth , emptying one pail and filling the other , one drop at a time . 
 to them it would have been barely a punishment at all . 
 that was because wetlanders were often lazy . 
 they would rather drip water into pails than carry rocks . 
 carrying rocks , however , involved activity-and activity was good for the mind and the body . 
 moving water was meaningless . 
 useless . 
 it did n't allow her to stretch her legs or work her muscles . 
 and she did it while the rest of the camp gathered tents for the march . 
 that made the punishment ten times as shameful ! 
 she earned toh for every moment she did not help , and there was not a thing she could do about it . 
 except move water . 
 drip , by drip , by drip . 
 it made her angry . 
 then that anger made her ashamed . 
 the wise ones never let their emotions dominate them in such a way . 
 she had to remain patient and try to understand why she was being punished . 
 even trying to approach the problem made her want to scream . 
 how many times could she go over the same conclusions in her mind ? 
 perhaps she was too dense to sort it out . 
 perhaps she did n't deserve to be a wise one . 
 she stuck her hand back in the bucket , then moved another drop of water . 
 she did n't like what these punishments were doing to her . 
 she was a warrior , even if she no longer carried the spear . 
 she did not fear punishment , nor did she fear pain . 
 but , more and more , she did fear that she would lose heart and become as useless as one who sandstared . 
 she wanted to become a wise one , wanted it desperately . 
 she was surprised to find that , for she 'd never thought that she could desire anything with as much passion as she 'd long ago wanted the spears . 
 yet as she had studied the wise ones during these last months , and her respect for them had grown , she had accepted herself as their equal , to help shepherd the aiel in this most dangerous of days . 
 the last battle would be a test unlike any her people had ever known . 
 amys and the others were working to protect the aiel , and aviendha sat and moved drops of water ! 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 a voice asked . 
 aviendha started , looking up , reaching for her knife so abruptly that she nearly spilled the pails of water . 
 a woman with short , dark hair stood in the shade of the building a short distance away . 
 min farshaw 's arms were folded and she wore a coat the color of cobalt with silver embroidery . 
 she wore a scarf at her neck . 
 aviendha settled back down , releasing her knife . 
 now she was letting wetlanders sneak up on her ? 
 `` i am well , '' she said , struggling to keep from blushing . 
 her tone and actions should have indicated that she did n't wish to be shamed by conversation , but min did n't seem to notice that . 
 the woman turned and looked out over the camp . 
 `` do n't ... you have anything to be doing ? '' 
 aviendha could not suppress the blush this time . 
 `` i am doing what i should . '' 
 min nodded , and aviendha forced herself to still her breathing . 
 she could not afford to grow angry at this woman . 
 her first-sister had asked her to be kind to min . 
 she decided not to take offense . 
 min did n't know what she was saying . 
 `` i thought that i could talk to you , '' min said , still looking out at the camp . 
 `` i 'm not sure who else i could approach . 
 i do n't trust the aes sedai , and neither does he . 
 i 'm not sure he trusts anyone , now . 
 maybe not even me . '' 
 aviendha glanced to the side , and saw that min was watching rand al ` thor as he moved through the camp , wearing a coat of black , gold-red hair ablaze in the afternoon light . 
 he seemed to tower over the saldaeans who attended him . 
 aviendha had heard about the events the night before , when he had been attacked by semirhage . 
 one of the shadowsouled themselves ; aviendha wished she had seen the creature before she was killed . 
 she shuddered . 
 rand al ` thor had fought and won . 
 though he acted the fool much of the time , he was a skilled-and lucky-warrior . 
 who else alive could claim to have personally defeated as many of the shadowsouled as he had ? 
 there was much honor in him . 
 his fight had left him scarred in ways she did not yet understand . 
 she could feel his pain . 
 she 'd felt it during semirhage 's attack , too , though at first she 'd mistakenly thought it to be a nightmare . 
 she 'd quickly realized that she was wrong . 
 no nightmare could be that terrible . 
 she could still feel echoes of that incredible pain , those waves of agony , the frenzy inside of him . 
 aviendha had raised the alarm , but not quickly enough . 
 she had toh to him for her mistake ; she would deal with that once she was finished with her punishments . 
 if she ever did finish , `` rand al ` thor will deal with his problems , '' she said , dripping more water . 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 min asked , glancing at her . 
 `` ca n't you feel his pain ? '' 
 `` i feel each and every moment of it , '' aviendha said through gritted teeth . 
 `` but he must face his own trials , just as i face mine . 
 perhaps there will be a day when he and i can face ours together , but that time is not now . '' 
 / must be his equal , first , she added in her head . 
 / will not stand beside him as his inferior . 
 min studied her , and aviendha felt a chill , wondering what visions the woman saw . 
 her predictions of the future were said always to come true . 
 `` you are not what i expected , '' min finally said . 
 `` i have deceived you ? '' 
 aviendha said , frowning . 
 `` no , not that , '' min said with a small laugh . 
 `` i mean , i was wrong about you , i guess . 
 i was n't certain what to think , after that night in caem-lyn when ... well , that night when we bonded rand together . 
 i feel close to you , yet distant from you at the same time . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i guess i expected you to come looking for me the moment you got into camp . 
 we had things to discuss . 
 when you did n't , i worried . 
 i thought perhaps i had offended you . '' 
 `` you have no toh to me , '' aviendha said . 
 `` good , '' min said . 
 `` i still worry sometimes that we 'll ... come to a confrontation . '' 
 `` and what good would a confrontation serve ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' min said with a shrug . 
 `` i figured it would be the aiel way . 
 challenge me to a fight of honor . 
 for him . '' 
 aviendha snorted . 
 `` fight over a man ? 
 who would do such a thing ? 
 if you had toh toward me , perhaps i could demand that we dance the spears-but only if you were a maiden . 
 and only if i were still one too . 
 i suppose that we could fight with knives , but it would hardly be a fair fight . 
 what honor would there to be gained in fighting one with no skill ? '' 
 min flushed , as if aviendha had offered her an insult . 
 what a curious reaction . 
 `` i do n't know about that , '' min said , flipping a knife from her sleeve and spinning it across her knuckles . 
 `` i 'm hardly defenseless . '' 
 she made the knife vanish up her other sleeve . 
 why was it that the wetlanders always showed off such flourishes with their knives ? 
 thorn merrilin had been prone to that as well . 
 did n't min understand that aviendha could have slit the woman 's throat thrice over during the time it took to flash that knife like a street performer ? 
 aviendha said nothing , however . 
 min was obviously proud of the skill , and there was no need to embarrass the woman . 
 `` it is unimportant , '' aviendha said , continuing her work . 
 `` i would not fight with you unless you gave me grave insult . 
 my first-sister considers you a friend , and i would like to do so as well . '' 
 `` all right , '' min said , folding her arms and looking back at rand . 
 `` well , i guess that 's a good thing . 
 i have to admit , i do n't much like the idea of sharing . '' 
 aviendha hesitated , then dipped her finger into the pail . 
 `` neither do i. '' at least , she did n't like the idea of sharing with a woman she did n't know very well . 
 `` then what do we do ? '' 
 `` we continue as we have , '' aviendha said . 
 `` you have what you wish , and i am occupied by other matters . 
 when it becomes a different time , i will inform you . '' 
 `` that 's ... straightforward of you , '' min said , looking confused . 
 `` you have other matters to occupy you ? 
 like dipping your finger in buckets of water ? '' 
 aviendha blushed again . 
 `` yes , '' she snapped . 
 `` just like that . 
 you will excuse me . '' 
 she stood and strode away , leaving the buckets . 
 she knew that she should not have lost her temper , but she could not help it . 
 min , repeatedly pointing out her punishment . 
 her inability to decipher what the wise ones wished of her . 
 rand al ` thor , constantly putting himself into danger , and aviendha unable to lift a finger to help him . 
 she could stand it no longer . 
 she crossed the brown thatch of the manor green , clenching and unclenching her fists , keeping her distance from rand . 
 the way this day was going , he 'd notice her wrinkled finger and ask why she had been soaking it ! 
 if he discovered that the wise ones had been punishing her , he would probably do something rash and make a fool of himself . 
 men were like that , rand al ` thor most of all . 
 she stalked across the springy ground , the brown thatch patterned with square impressions where tents had stood , threading her way through wetlanders scurrying this way and that . 
 she passed a line of soldiers tossing sacks of grain to the next and loading them in a wagon hitched to two thick-hoofed draft horses . 
 she kept moving , trying to keep herself from exploding . 
 the truth was , she felt just as likely to do something `` rash '' as rand al ` thor would be . 
 why ? 
 why could n't she decipher what she was doing wrong ? 
 the other aiel in the camp seemed as ignorant as she , though of course they had not spoken to her of the punishments . 
 she remembered well seeing similar punishments when she 'd been a maiden , and had always known to stay out of wise one business . 
 she rounded the wagon , and found herself heading toward rand al ` thor again . 
 he was talking with three of davram bashere 's quartermasters , taller than each of them by a head . 
 one of them , a man with a long black mustache , pointed toward the horselines and said something . 
 rand caught sight of aviendha and raised his hand toward her , but she turned away quickly , moving toward the aiel campsite at the north side of the green . 
 she ground her teeth , trying-unsuccessfully-to tame her anger . 
 did she not have a right to anger , if only at herself ? 
 the world was close to ending and she spent her days being punished ! 
 ahead , she spotted a small cluster of wise ones-amys , bair and melaine-standing beside a pile of brown tent packs . 
 the tight , oblong bundles had straps for ease of carrying over the shoulder . 
 aviendha should have returned to her pails and redoubled her efforts . 
 but she did not . 
 like a child with a stick charging a narshcat , she stalked up to the wise ones , fuming . 
 `` aviendha ? '' 
 bair asked . 
 `` have you finished your punishment already ? '' 
 `` no i have not , '' aviendha said , stopping in front of them , hands fists at her sides . 
 wind tugged at her shirt , but she let it flap . 
 hurrying camp workers-both aiel and saldaean-gave the group a wide berth . 
 `` well ? '' 
 bair asked . 
 `` you are not learning quickly enough , '' amys added , shaking her white-haired head . 
 `` not learning quickly enough ? '' 
 aviendha demanded . 
 `` i have learned everything you have asked of me ! 
 i have memorized every lesson , repeated every fact , performed every duty . 
 i have answered all your questions and have seen you nod in approval at each answer ! '' 
 she stared them down before continuing . 
 `` i can channel better than any aiel woman alive , '' she said . 
 `` i have left behind the spears , and i welcome my place among you . 
 i have done my duty and sought honor on each occasion . 
 yet you continue to give me punishments ! 
 i will have no more of it . 
 either tell me what it is you wish of me or send me away . '' 
 she expected anger from them . 
 she expected disappointment . 
 she expected them to explain that a mere apprentice was not to question full wise ones . 
 she expected , at least , to be given greater punishment for her temerity . 
 amys glanced at melaine and bair . 
 `` it is not we who punish you , child , '' she said , seeming to choose her words with care . 
 `` these punishments come by your own hand . '' 
 `` whatever i have done , '' aviendha said , `` i can not see that it would have you make me da ` tsang . 
 you shame yourselves by treating me so . '' 
 `` child , '' amys said , meeting her eyes . 
 `` are you rejecting our punishments ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , heart thumping . 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` you think your stakes as strong as ours , do you ? '' 
 bair asked , shading her aged face with her hand . 
 `` you presume to be our equal ? '' 
 their equal ? 
 aviendha thought , panic setting in . 
 i 'm not their equal ! 
 i have years left to study . 
 what am i doing ? 
 could she back down now ? 
 beg forgiveness , meet her toh somehow ? 
 she should hurry back to her punishment and move the waters . 
 yes ! 
 that is what she needed to do . 
 she had to go and - `` i see no more reason to study , '' she found herself saying instead . 
 `` if these punishments are all you have left to teach me , then i must assume that i have learned all that i must . 
 i am ready to join you . '' 
 she gritted her teeth , waiting for an explosion of furious incredulity . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 she should n't have let min 's foolish talk rile her so . 
 and then bair started to laugh . 
 it was a full-bellied sound , incongruous coming from the small woman . 
 melaine joined her , the sun-haired wise one holding her stomach , slightly bulging from her pregnancy . 
 `` she took even longer than you , amys ! '' 
 melaine exclaimed . 
 `` as stubborn a girl as i 've ever seen . '' 
 amys ' expression was uncharacteristically soft . 
 `` welcome , sister , '' she said to aviendha . 
 aviendha blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you are one of us now , girl ! '' 
 bair said . 
 `` or soon will be . '' 
 `` but i defied you ! '' 
 `` a wise one can not allow others to step upon her , '' amys said . 
 `` if she comes into the shade of our sisterhood thinking like an apprentice , then she will never see herself as one of us . '' 
 bair glanced at rand al ` thor , who stood in the distance talking to sarene . 
 `` i never realized how important our ways were until i studied these aes sedai . 
 those at the bottom simper and beg like hounds , and are ignored by those who consider themselves their betters . 
 it is a wonder they achieve anything ! '' 
 `` but there is rank among wise ones , '' aviendha said . 
 `` is there not ? '' 
 `` rank ? '' 
 amys looked puzzled . 
 `` some of us have more honor than others , earned by wisdom , actions and experience . '' 
 melaine held up a finger . 
 `` but it is important-vital , even-that each wise one be willing to defend her own well . 
 if she believes that she is right , she can not let herself be shoved aside , even by other wise ones , no matter how aged or wise . '' 
 `` no woman is ready to join us until she has declared herself ready , '' amys continued . 
 `` she must present herself as our equal . '' 
 `` a punishment is not a true punishment unless you accept it , aviendha , '' bair said , still smiling . 
 `` we thought you ready weeks ago , but you stubbornly continued to obey . '' 
 `` almost , i began to think you prideful , girl , '' melaine added with a fond smile . 
 `` girl no longer , '' amys said . 
 `` oh , she 's still a girl , '' bair said . 
 `` until one more thing is done . '' 
 aviendha felt dazed . 
 they 'd said she was n't learning quickly enough . 
 learning to stand up for herself ! 
 aviendha had never allowed others to push her around , but these were n't `` others '' - they were wise ones , and she the apprentice . 
 what would have happened if min had n't riled her ? 
 she would have to thank the woman , although min did n't realize what she 'd done . 
 until one more thing is done ... `` what must i still do ? '' 
 aviendha asked . 
 `` rhuidean , '' bair said . 
 of course . 
 a wise one visited that most sacred city twice in her life . 
 once when she became an apprentice , once when she became a full wise one . 
 `` things will be different , now , '' melaine said . 
 `` rhuidean is no longer what it once was . '' 
 `` that is no reason to abandon the old ways , '' bair replied . 
 `` the city may be open , but nobody will be foolish enough to walk through the pillars . 
 aviendha , you must - '' `` bair , '' amys cut in , `` if it is well with you , i would prefer to tell her . '' 
 bair hesitated , then nodded . 
 `` yes , of course . 
 it is only right . 
 we turn our backs on you now , aviendha . 
 we will not see you again until you return to us as a sister returning from a long journey . '' 
 `` a sister we had forgotten that we knew , '' melaine said , smiling . 
 the two turned from her , then amys began to walk toward the traveling ground . 
 aviendha hurried to catch up . 
 `` you may wear your clothing this time , '' amys said , `` as it is the mark of your station . 
 normally , i would suggest that you travel to the city by foot , even though we know of traveling now , but i think that custom is best bent in this case . 
 still , you should not travel directly to the city . 
 i suggest traveling to cold rocks hold and walk from there . 
 you must spend time in the three-fold land to contemplate your journey . '' 
 aviendha nodded . 
 `` i will need a waterskin and supplies there . '' 
 `` ready and waiting for you at the hold , '' amys said . 
 `` we 've been expecting you to leap this chasm soon . 
 you should have leapt it days ago , considering all the hints we gave you . '' 
 she eyed aviendha , who glanced down at the ground . 
 `` you have no reason for shame , '' amys said . 
 `` that burden is upon us . 
 despite bair 's joking , you did well . 
 some women spend months and months being punished before deciding that they have had enough . 
 we had to be hard on you , child-harder than i 've ever seen a ready apprentice treated . 
 there is just so little time ! '' 
 `` i understand , '' aviendha said . 
 `` and ... thank you . '' 
 amys snorted . 
 `` you forced us to be very creative . 
 remember this time you spent and the shame you felt , for it is the shame any da ` tsang will know , should you consign them to their fate . 
 and they can not escape it simply by demanding release . '' 
 `` what do you do if an apprentice declares herself ready to be a wise one during her first few months of training ? '' 
 `` strap her a few times and set her digging holes , i suspect , '' amys said . 
 `` i do n't know of that ever happening . 
 the closest was sevanna . '' 
 aviendha had wondered why the wise ones had accepted the shaido woman without complaint . 
 her declaration had been enough : and so amys and the others had been forced to accept her . 
 amys pulled her shawl close . 
 `` there is a bundle for you with the maidens guarding the traveling ground . 
 once you reach rhuidean , travel to the center of the city . 
 you will find the pillars of glass . 
 pass through the center of them , then return here . 
 spend well your days running to the city . 
 we pushed you hard so that you would have this time for contemplation . 
 it is likely the last you will have for some while . '' 
 aviendha nodded . 
 `` the battle comes . '' 
 `` yes . 
 return quickly once you pass through the pillars . 
 we will need to discuss how to best handle the car ` a ` carn . 
 he has ... changed since last night . '' 
 `` i understand , '' aviendha said , taking a deep breath . 
 `` go , '' amys said , `` and return . '' 
 she put emphasis on the final word . 
 some women did not survive rhuidean . 
 aviendha met amys ' eyes , and nodded . 
 amys had been a second mother to her in many ways . 
 she was rewarded by a rare smile . 
 then amys turned her back to aviendha , just as the other two had . 
 aviendha took another deep breath , glancing back across the trampled grass before the manor house to where rand spoke with the quartermasters , his expression stern , the arm missing a hand held folded behind his back , the other arm gesturing animatedly . 
 she smiled at him , though he was n't looking in her direction . 
 / will be back for you , she thought . 
 then she trotted to the traveling ground , collected the pack and wove a gateway that would deposit her a safe distance from cold rocks hold , beside a rock formation known as the maiden 's spear , from which she could run to the hold and prepare herself . 
 the gateway opened to the familiar , dry air of the waste . 
 she ducked through the gateway , exulting-finally-in what had just happened . 
 her honor had returned . 
 `` i came out through a small watergate , aes sedai , '' shemerin said , bowing her head before the others in the tent . 
 `` in truth , it was n't so difficult , once i left the tower and got into the city . 
 i did n't dare leave by one of the bridges . 
 i could n't let the amyrlin know what i was doing . '' 
 romanda watched , arms folded . 
 her tent was lit by two brass lamps , flames dancing at the tips . 
 six women listened to the runaway 's story . 
 lelaine was there , for all that romanda had tried to keep her from hearing about the meeting . 
 romanda had hoped that the slender blue would be too busy basking in her status in camp to bother with such a seemingly trivial event . 
 beside her was siuan . 
 the former amyrlin had latched herself on to lelaine with the strength of a barnacle . 
 romanda was well enough pleased with the newfound ability to heal a stilling-she was yellow after all - but a part of her wished it had n't happened to siuan . 
 as if lelaine were n't bad enough to deal with . 
 romanda had not forgotten siuan 's crafty nature , even if so many others in camp seemed to have done so . 
 lesser strength in the power did not mean decreased capacity for scheming . 
 sheriam was there , of course . 
 the red-haired keeper sat beside lelaine . 
 sheriam had been withdrawn lately , and barely maintained the dignity of an aes sedai . 
 foolish woman . 
 she needed to be removed from her place ; everyone could see that . 
 if egwene ever returned-and romanda prayed that she did , if only because it would upset lelaine 's plans-then there would be an opportunity . 
 a new keeper . 
 the other person in the tent was magla . 
 romanda and lelaine had argued-with control , of course-over who would be first to interrogate shemerin . 
 they 'd decided that the only fair way was to do it together . 
 because shemerin was yellow , romanda had been able to call the meeting in her own tent . 
 it had been a shock when lelaine had shown up with not just siuan but sheriam in tow . 
 but they 'd never said how many attendants they could bring . 
 and so romanda was left with only magla . 
 the thick-shouldered woman sat beside romanda , listening quietly to the confession . 
 should romanda have sent for someone else ? 
 it would have looked very obvious , delaying the meeting for that . 
 it was n't really an interrogation , however . 
 shemerin spoke freely , without resisting questions . 
 she sat on a small stool before them . 
 she 'd refused a cushion for it . 
 romanda had rarely seen a woman as determined to punish herself as this poor child . 
 not a child , romanda thought . 
 a full aes sedai , whatever she says . 
 burn you , elaida , for turning one of us into this ! 
 shemerin had been yellow . 
 burn it , she was yellow . 
 she 'd been talking to them for the better part of an hour now , answering questions about the status of the white tower . 
 siuan had been the first to ask how the woman had come to escape . 
 `` please forgive me for seeking work in the camp without coming to you , aes sedai , '' shemerin said , head bowed . 
 `` but i have fled the tower against the law . 
 as an accepted leaving without permission , i am a runaway . 
 i knew i would be punished if discovered . 
 `` i have stayed in this area because it is so familiar , and i can not let it go . 
 when your army came , i saw a chance for work , and i took it . 
 but please , do not force me to go back . 
 i will not be a danger . 
 i will seek a life as a normal woman , careful not to use my abilities . '' 
 `` you are aes sedai , '' romanda said , trying to keep the edge out of her voice . 
 this woman 's attitude lent much credence to the things eg-wene said about elaida 's power-hungry reign in the tower . 
 `` no matter what elaida says . '' 
 `` i. ... '' shemerin just shook her head . 
 light ! 
 she never had been the most poised of aes sedai , but it was shocking to see her fallen so far . 
 `` tell me about this watergate , '' siuan said , leaning forward in her chair . 
 `` where could we find it ? '' 
 `` on the southwestern side of the city , aes sedai , '' shemerin said . 
 `` about five minutes ' walk eastward from where the ancient statues of eleyan al ` landerin and her warders stand . '' 
 she hesitated , suddenly seeming anxious . 
 `` but it is a small gate . 
 you could n't take an army through it . 
 i only know of it because i had the duty of caring for the beggars who live there . '' 
 `` i want a map anyway , '' siuan said , then she glanced at lelaine . 
 `` at least , i think we should have one . '' 
 `` it is a wise idea , '' lelaine said in a nauseatingly magnanimous tone . 
 `` i do want to know more of your ... situation , '' magla said . 
 `` how is it elaida could think that demoting a sister was wise ? 
 egwene did speak of this event , and i did find it incredible then , too . 
 what was elaida 's thought ? '' 
 `` i ... can not speak for the amyrlin 's thought , '' shemerin said . 
 she cringed as the women in the room gave her a set of not-so-subtle glares at calling elaida the amyrlin . 
 romanda did n't join in . 
 something small was creeping beneath the canvas floor of the tent , moving from one corner toward the center of the room . 
 light ! 
 was that a mouse ? 
 no , it was too small . 
 perhaps a cricket . 
 she shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` but surely you did do something to earn her ire , '' magla said . 
 `` something worthy of such treatment ? '' 
 `` i. ... '' shemerin said . 
 she kept glancing at siuan for some reason . 
 fool woman . 
 romanda almost thought elaida had made the right move . 
 shemerin should never have been given the shawl . 
 of course , demoting her to accepted was no way to handle the situation either . 
 the amyrlin could n't be given that much power . 
 yes , that was definitely something under the canvas , determinedly pushing its way to the center of the tent , a tiny lump moving in jerks and starts . 
 `` i was weak before her , '' shemerin finally said . 
 `` we were speaking of ... events in the world . 
 i could not stomach them . 
 i did not show poise befitting an aes sedai . '' 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 lelaine asked . 
 `` you did n't plot against her ? 
 you did n't contradict her ? '' 
 shemerin shook her head . 
 `` i was loyal . '' 
 `` i find that hard to believe , '' lelaine said . 
 `` i believe her , '' siuan said dryly . 
 `` shemerin showed well enough she was in elaida 's pocket on several occasions . '' 
 `` this do be a dangerous precedent , '' magla noted . 
 `` burn my soul , but it do . '' 
 `` yes , '' romanda agreed , watching the canvas-covered whatever-it-was inch along before her . 
 `` i suspect she used poor shemerin as an example , acclimating the white tower to the concept of demotion . 
 that will let her use it on those who are actually her enemies . '' 
 the conversation hit a lull . 
 the sitters who supported egwene would likely head the list of those to be demoted , if elaida retained her power and the aes sedai reconciled . 
 `` is that a mouse ? '' 
 siuan asked , looking down . 
 `` it 's too small , '' romanda said . 
 `` and it 's not important . '' 
 `` small ? '' 
 lelaine said , leaning down . 
 romanda frowned , glancing at the spot again . 
 it did seem to have grown larger . 
 in fact - the bump jerked suddenly , pushing upward . 
 the canvas floor split , and a thick-bodied cockroach-as wide as a fig-scrambled through . 
 romanda pulled back in revulsion . 
 the roach skittered across the canvas , antennae twitching . 
 siuan took off her shoe to swat it . 
 but the bottom of the tent bubbled up near the rip , and a second cockroach climbed through . 
 then a third . 
 and then a wave of them , pouring through the split like too-hot tea sprayed from a mouth . 
 a black and brown carpet of scrambling , scratching , scurrying creatures , pushing over one another in their hurry to get out . 
 the women screeched in revulsion , throwing back stools and chairs as they stood . 
 warders were in the room a moment later ; broad-shouldered rorik bonded to magla , and that coppery-skinned stone of a man was burin shaeren , bonded to lelaine . 
 they had swords drawn at the screams , but the cockroaches seemed to stump them . 
 they stood , staring at the stream of filthy insects . 
 sheriam hopped up on her chair . 
 siuan channeled and began to squash the creatures closest to her . 
 romanda hated to use the one power for death , even on such vile creatures , but she too found herself channeling air and smashing the insects in swaths , but the creatures were pouring in too quickly . 
 soon the ground was swarming with them , and the aes sedai were forced to scramble out of the tent and into the quiet darkness of the camp . 
 rorik pulled the flaps shut , though that would n't stop the insects from squeezing out . 
 outside , romanda could n't stop herself from running her fingers through her hair , just in case , to make certain none of the creatures had gotten into it . 
 she shivered as she imagined the creatures scrambling over her body . 
 `` is there anything in the tent that is dear to you ? '' 
 lelaine asked , looking back at the tent . 
 through the lamplight , she could see the shadowy insects scurrying up the walls . 
 romanda spared a thought for her journal , but knew that she 'd never be able to touch those pages after her tent had been infested this way . 
 `` nothing that i 'd care to keep now , '' she said , weaving fire . 
 `` and nothing i ca n't replace . '' 
 the others joined her , and the tent burst into flames , rorik jumping back as they channeled . 
 romanda thought she heard the insects popping and sizzling inside . 
 the aes sedai moved back from the sudden heat . 
 in moments , the entire tent was an inferno . 
 women rushed out of nearby tents to look . 
 `` i do no think that was natural , '' magla said softly . 
 `` those did be four-spine roaches . 
 sailors do see them on ships that visit shara . '' 
 `` well , it is n't the worst we 've seen from the dark one , '' siuan said , folding her arms . 
 `` and we 'll see worse yet , mark my words . '' 
 she eyed shemerin . 
 `` come , i want that map from you . '' 
 they left with rorik and the others , who would alert the camp that the dark one had touched it this night . 
 romanda stood watching the tent burn . 
 soon it was only smoldering coals . 
 light , she thought . 
 egwene is right . 
 it is coming . 
 fast . 
 and the girl was imprisoned now ; she 'd met with the hall the night before in the world of dreams , informing them of her disastrous dinner with elaida and the aftermath of insulting the false amyrlin . 
 and yet egwene still refused rescue . 
 torches were lit and warders roused as a precaution against more evil . 
 she smelled smoke . 
 that was the remains of all she had owned in the world . 
 the tower needed to be whole . 
 whatever it took . 
 would she be willing to bow before elaida to make that happen ? 
 would she put on an accepted dress again if it would bring unity for the last battle ? 
 she could n't decide . 
 and that disturbed her nearly as much as those scuttling roaches had . 
 chapter 27 the tipsy gelding mat did n't escape the camp without the aes sedai , of course . 
 bloody women . 
 he rode down the ancient stone roadway , no longer followed by the band . 
 he was , however , accompanied by the three aes sedai , two warders , five soldiers , talmanes , a pack animal and thorn . 
 at least aludra , amathera and egeanin had n't insisted on coming . 
 this group was too big as it was . 
 the three-needle pines guarded the road , smelling of pine sap , and the air was melodic with mountain finches ' calls . 
 it was still several hours until sundown ; he 'd halted the band near noon . 
 he rode slightly ahead of the clustered aes sedai and warders . 
 after he 'd refused joline horses and funds , they had n't been about to let him win another point . 
 not when they could force him to take them down to the village , where they could spend at least one night in an inn with soft beds and warm baths . 
 he did n't argue too loudly . 
 he hated to have more tongues wagging about the band , and women did gossip , even aes sedai . 
 but there was little chance of the band passing without causing a stir in the village anyway . 
 if any seanchan patrols made it through these twisting mountain paths ... . 
 well , mat would just have to keep the band on a steady pace northward and that was that . 
 no use crying about it . 
 besides , he was beginning to feel right again , riding pips down that road , spring breeze crisp in the air . 
 he 'd taken to wearing one of his older coats , red with brown trim , unbuttoned to show his old tan shirt beneath . 
 this was what it was about . 
 traveling to new villages , throwing dice in the inns , pinching a few barmaids . 
 he would not think of tuon . 
 flaming seanchan . 
 she 'd be all right , would n't she ? 
 no . 
 his hands almost itched to be at the dicing . 
 it had been far too long since he 'd sat down in a corner somewhere and thrown with the ordinary sort . 
 they 'd be a little dirtier of face and coarser of language , but as good of heart as any man . 
 better than most lords . 
 talmanes rode just ahead . 
 he 'd probably wish for a nicer tavern than mat , a place to join a game of cards rather than throwing dice . 
 but they might not have much of a choice . 
 the village was of decent size , probably worthy of being called a town , but was unlikely to have more than three or four inns . 
 their choices would be limited . 
 decent size , mat thought , grinning to himself as he took off his hat and scratched at the back of his head . 
 hinderstap would only have three or four inns , and that made it a `` small '' town . 
 why , mat could remember when he 'd thought baerlon a large city , and it probably was n't much larger than this hinderstap ! 
 a horse pulled up beside him . 
 thom was looking at that blasted letter again . 
 the lanky gleeman 's face was thoughtful , his white hair stirring in the breeze , as he stared down at the words . 
 as if he had n't read them a thousand times already . 
 `` why do n't you put that away ? '' 
 mat said . 
 thom looked up . 
 it had taken some talking to get the gleeman to come down to the village , but thom needed it , needed some distraction . 
 `` i mean it , thom , '' mat said . 
 `` i know you 're eager to go for moiraine . 
 but it 'll be weeks before we can break away , and reading over those words wo n't do anything but make you anxious . '' 
 thom nodded and folded the paper with reverent fingers . 
 `` you 're right , mat . 
 but i 'd been carrying this letter for months . 
 now that i 've shared it , i feel ... . 
 well , i just want to be on with it . '' 
 `` i know , '' mat said , looking up toward the horizon . 
 moiraine . 
 the tower of ghenjei . 
 mat almost felt as if he could see the building out there , looming . 
 that 's where his path pointed , and caemlyn was just a stepping-stone along the way . 
 if moiraine was still alive ... light , what would that mean ? 
 how would rand react ? 
 the rescue was another reason mat felt he needed a good night dicing . 
 why had he agreed to go with thorn into the tower ? 
 those burning snakes and foxes-he had no desire to see them again . 
 but ... he also could n't let thorn go alone . 
 there was an inevitability to it . 
 as if a part of mat had known all along that he had to go back and face those creatures again . 
 they 'd gotten the better of him twice now , and the eelfinn had tied strings around his brain with those memories in his head . 
 he had a debt to settle with them , that was for certain . 
 mat had little love for moiraine , but he would n't leave her to them , no matter that she was aes sedai . 
 bloody ashes . 
 he 'd probably be tempted to ride in and save one of the forsaken themselves if they were trapped there . 
 and ... maybe one was . 
 lanfear had fallen through that same portal . 
 burn him , what would he do if he found her there ? 
 would he really rescue her as well ? 
 you 're a fool , matrim cauthon . 
 not a hero . 
 just a fool . 
 `` we 'll get to moiraine , thorn , '' mat said . 
 `` you have my word , burn me . 
 we 'll find her . 
 but we have to see the band someplace safe , and we need information . 
 bayle domon says he knows where the tower is , but i wo n't be comfortable until we can go to some large city and sniff for rumors and stories about this tower . 
 someone has to know something . 
 besides , we 'll need supplies , and i doubt we 'll find what we need in these mountain villages . 
 we need to reach caemlyn if possible , though maybe we 'll stop at four kings on the way . '' 
 thorn nodded , though mat could see he chafed at leaving moiraine trapped , being tortured or who knows what . 
 thorn 's brilliant blue eyes got a far-off look to them . 
 why did he care so much ? 
 what was moiraine to him but another aes sedai , one of those who had cost the life of thorn 's nephew ? 
 `` burn it , '' mat said . 
 `` we 're not supposed to be thinking about things like this , thorn ! 
 we 're going to have a good night of dice and laughter . 
 there 'll probably be some time for a song or two as well . '' 
 thorn nodded , face growing lighter . 
 he had his harp case strapped to the back of his horse ; it would be good to see him open it again . 
 `` you plan to try juggling for your supper again , apprentice ? '' 
 thom asked , eyes twinkling . 
 `` better than trying to play that blasted flute , '' mat grumbled . 
 `` never was very good at that . 
 rand took to it right fine , though , did n't he ? '' 
 colors swirled in mat 's head , resolving to an image of rand , sitting alone in a room by himself . 
 he sat splay-legged in a richly embroidered shirt , a coat of black and red tossed aside and crumpled next to the log wall beside him . 
 rand had one hand to his forehead as if trying to squeeze away the pain of a headache . 
 his other was ... that arm ended in a stump . 
 the first time mat had seen that-a few weeks back-it had shocked him . 
 how had rand lost the hand ? 
 the man barely seemed alive , propped up like that , unmoving . 
 though his lips did seem to be moving , mumbling or muttering . 
 light ! 
 mat thought . 
 burn you , what are you doing to yourself ? 
 well , at least mat was n't near him . 
 count your fortunes in that , mat told himself . 
 life had n't been so easy lately , but he could have been stuck near rand . 
 sure , rand was a friend . 
 but mat did n't mean to be there when rand went insane and killed everyone he knew . 
 there was friendship , and then there was stupidity . 
 they 'd fight together at the last battle , of course , no helping that . 
 mat just hoped to be on the other side of that battlefield from any saidin-wielding madmen . 
 `` ah , rand , '' thorn said . 
 `` that boy could have made a life for himself as a gleeman , i warrant . 
 maybe even a proper bard , if he 'd started when he was younger . '' 
 mat shook his head , dispelling the vision . 
 burn you , rand . 
 leave me alone , `` those were better days , were n't they , mat ? '' 
 thorn smiled . 
 `` the three of us , traveling down the river arinelle . '' 
 `` myrddraal chasing us for reasons unknown , '' mat added grimly . 
 those days had n't been so easy either . 
 `` darkfriends trying to stab us in the back every time we turned around . '' 
 `` better than gholam and forsaken trying to kill us . '' 
 `` that 's like saying you 're grateful to have a noose around your neck instead of a sword in your gut . '' 
 `` at least you can escape the noose , mat . '' 
 thorn knuckled his long , white mustache . 
 `` once the sword is stuck into you , there 's not much you can do about it . '' 
 mat hesitated , then found himself laughing . 
 he rubbed at the scarf around his neck . 
 `` i suppose you 're right at that , thom . 
 i suppose you 're right . 
 well , for today why do n't we forget about all of that ? 
 we 'll go back and pretend things are like they once were ! '' 
 `` i do n't know if that 's possible , lad . '' 
 `` sure it is , '' mat said stubbornly . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 thom asked , amused . 
 `` you 're going to go back to thinking that old thom merrilin is the wisest , most well traveled man you 've ever known ? 
 you 'll play the gawking peasant again , clinging to my coat every time we pass a village with more than one inn in it ? '' 
 `` here now . 
 i was n't so bad as all that . '' 
 `` i hasten to differ , mat , '' thom said , chuckling . 
 `` i do n't remember much . '' 
 mat scratched at his head again . 
 `` but i do recall that rand and i did right well for ourselves after we split up with you . 
 we made it to caemlyn , at least . 
 brought your flaming harp back to you unharmed , did n't we ? '' 
 `` i noticed a few nicks in the frame ... . '' 
 `` burn you , none of that ! '' 
 mat said , pointing at him . 
 `` rand practically slept with that harp . 
 would n't think of selling it , even when we were so hungry we 'd have gnawed on our own boots if we had n't needed them to get to the next town . '' 
 those days were fuzzy to mat , full of holes , like an iron bucket left too long to rust . 
 but he had pieced together some things . 
 thom chuckled . 
 `` we ca n't go back , mat . 
 the wheel has turned , for better or worse . 
 and it will keep on turning , as lights die and forests dim , storms call and skies break . 
 turn it will . 
 the wheel is not hope , and the wheel does not care , the wheel simply is . 
 but so long as it turns , folk may hope , folk may care . 
 for with light that fades , another will eventually grow , and each storm that rages must eventually die . 
 as long as the wheel turns . 
 as long as it turns . 
 ... '' mat guided pips around a particularly deep cleft in the broken roadway . 
 ahead , talmanes chatted with several of their guards . 
 `` that has the sound of a song about it , thom . '' 
 `` aye , '' thom said , almost with a sigh . 
 `` an old one , forgotten by most . 
 i 've discovered three versions of it , all with the same words , set to different tunes . 
 i guess the area has me thinking of it ; it 's said that dor-eille herself penned the original poem . '' 
 `` the area ? '' 
 mat said with surprise , glancing at the three-needle pines . 
 thom nodded , thoughtful . 
 `` this road is old , mat . 
 ancient . 
 probably was here before the breaking . 
 landmarks like this have a tendency to find their way into songs and stories . 
 i think this area is what was once called the splintered hills . 
 if that 's true , then we 're in what was once coremanda , right near the eagle 's reaches . 
 i bet you if we climbed a few of those taller hills , we 'd find old fortifications . '' 
 `` and what does that have to do with doreille ? '' 
 mat asked , uncomfortably . 
 she 'd been queen of aridhol . 
 `` she visited here , '' thorn said . 
 `` penned several of her finest poems in the eagle 's reaches . '' 
 burn me , mat thought . 
 i remember . 
 he remembered standing on the walls of a high fort , cold on the mountaintop , looking down at a long , twisting roadway , broken and shattered , and an army of men with violet pennants charging up the hillside into a rain of arrows . 
 the splintered hills . 
 a woman on the balcony . 
 the queen herself . 
 he shivered , banishing the memory . 
 aridhol had been one of the ancient nations that had stood long ago , when manetheren had been a power . 
 the capital of aridhol had another name . 
 shadar logoth . 
 mat had n't felt the pull of the ruby dagger in a very long time . 
 he was nearly beginning to forget what it had been like to be tied to it , if it was possible to forget such a thing . 
 but sometimes he remembered that ruby , red like his own blood . 
 and the old lust , the old desire , would seep into him again ... mat shook his head , forcing down those memories . 
 burn it , he was supposed to be enjoying himself ! 
 `` what a time we 've had , '' thom said idly . 
 `` i feel old these days , mat , like a faded rug , hung out to dry in the wind , hinting of the colors it once showed so vibrantly . 
 sometimes , i wonder if i 'm any use to you anymore . 
 you hardly seem to need me . '' 
 `` what ? 
 if course i need you , thom ! '' 
 the aging gleeman eyed him . 
 `` the trouble with you , mat , is that you 're actually good at lying . 
 unlike those other two boys . '' 
 `` i mean it ! 
 burn me , but i do . 
 i suppose you could run off and tell stories and travel like you used to . 
 but things around here might run a lot less smoothly , and i sure would miss your wisdom . 
 burn me , but i would . 
 a man needs friends he can trust , and i 'd trust you with my life any day . '' 
 `` why matrim , '' thom said , looking up , eyes glimmering with mirth , `` bolstering a man 's spirits when he 's down ? 
 convincing him to stay and do what is important , rather than running off to seek adventure ? 
 that sounds downright responsible . 
 what 's gotten into you ? '' 
 mat grimaced . 
 `` marriage , i guess . 
 burn me , but i 'm not going to stop drinking or gambling ! '' 
 ahead , talmanes turned around and glanced at mat , then rolled his eyes . 
 thom laughed , watching talmanes . 
 `` well , lad , i did n't mean to get your spirits down . 
 just idle talk . 
 i still have a few things i can show this world . 
 if i really can free moiraine ... well , we 'll see . 
 besides , somebody needs to be here to watch , then put this all to song , someday . 
 there will be more than one ballad that comes from all of this . '' 
 he turned , rifling through his saddlebags . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 he said , pulling out his patchwork gleeman 's cloak . 
 he threw it on with a flourish . 
 `` well , '' mat said , `` when you write about us , you might find a few gold marks in it if you saw your way to include a nice verse about tal-manes . 
 you know , something about how he has one eye that stares in strange directions , and how he often carries this scent about him which reminds one of a goat pen . '' 
 `` i heard that ! '' 
 talmanes called from ahead . 
 `` i meant you to ! '' 
 mat called back . 
 thorn just laughed , plucking at his cloak , arranging it for best display . 
 `` i ca n't promise anything . '' 
 he chuckled some more . 
 `` though , if you do n't mind , mat , i think i 'll separate from the rest of you once we get into the village . 
 a gleeman 's ears may pick up information that wo n't be spoken in the presence of soldiers . '' 
 `` information would be nice , '' mat said , rubbing his chin . 
 the trail turned up ahead ; vanin said they 'd find the village just beyond the turn . 
 `` i feel as though i 've been traveling through a tunnel for months now , with no sight or sound of the outside world . 
 burn me , but it would be nice to know where rand is , if only to know where not to go . '' 
 the colors spun , showing him rand-but the man was standing in a room with no view of the outside , giving mat no clue as to where he might be . 
 `` life 's that tunnel most times , i 'm afraid , '' thorn said . 
 `` people expect a gleeman to bring information , so we pull it out and brush it off for display-but much of the ` news ' we tell is just another batch of stories , in many cases less true than the ballads from a thousand years ago . '' 
 mat nodded . 
 `` and , '' thom added , `` i 'll see if i can dig up hints for the incursion . '' 
 the tower of ghenjei . 
 mat shrugged . 
 `` we 're more likely to find what we need in four kings or caemlyn . '' 
 `` yes , i know . 
 but olver made me promise to check . 
 if you had n't set noal to keeping the boy distracted , i 'd expect to open our saddlebags and find him in there . 
 he really wanted to come . '' 
 `` a night dancing and gambling is no place for a boy , '' mat muttered . 
 `` i just wish i could trust the men back at camp not to corrupt him worse than a tavern would . '' 
 `` well , he stayed back quietly enough once noal got out the board . '' 
 olver was convinced that if he played snakes and foxes enough , he 'd pick out some secret strategy for defeating the aelfinn and eelfinn . 
 `` the lad still thinks he 's coming with us into the tower , '' thorn said more quietly . 
 `` he knows he ca n't be one of the three , but he plans to wait outside for us . 
 maybe burst in to save us if we do n't come back soon enough . 
 i do n't want to be there when he discovers the truth . '' 
 `` i do n't intend to be there myself , '' mat said . 
 ahead , the trees broke wide into a small valley with green pastures rising high along the hills to the sides . 
 a town of several hundred buildings was nestled between the slopes , a mountain stream running down the middle . 
 the houses were of a deep gray stone , each with a prominent chimney , most of which curled with smoke . 
 the roofs were sloped to deal with what were probably very snowy winters , though the only white still visible now was on distant peaks . 
 workers were already busy on several of the roofs replacing winter-damaged shingles , and goats and sheep grazed the hillsides , watched over by shepherd boys . 
 there were a few hours of light remaining , and other men worked on shopfronts and fences . 
 others strolled through the streets of the village , no urgency in their gait . 
 overall , the little town had a relaxing air of mixed industry and laziness . 
 mat pulled up beside talmanes and the soldiers . 
 `` that 's a nice sight , '' talmanes noted . 
 `` i was beginning to think every town in the world was either falling apart , packed with refugees or under the thumb of invaders . 
 at least this one does n't seem likely to vanish on us ... '' `` light send it so , '' mat said , shivering , thinking of the town in al-tara that had vanished . 
 `` anyway , let 's hope they do n't mind dealing with a few strangers . '' 
 he eyed the soldiers ; all five were redarms , among the best he had . 
 `` three of you five , go with the aes sedai . 
 i suspect that they 'll want to stay at a different inn from myself . 
 we 'll meet up in the morning . '' 
 the soldiers saluted , and joline sniffed as she passed on her horse , pointedly not looking at mat . 
 she and the others headed down the incline in a little cluster , three of mat 's soldiers following . 
 `` that looks like an inn there , '' thorn said , pointing toward a larger building on the eastern side of the village . 
 `` you 'll find me there . '' 
 he waved , then kicked his mount into a trot and rode on ahead , gleeman 's cloak streaming . 
 arriving first would give him the best chance at a dramatic entrance . 
 mat glanced at talmanes , who shrugged . 
 the two of them made their way down the slope with two soldiers as an escort . 
 because of the bend in the road , they were approaching from the southwest . 
 to the northeast of the village , the ancient roadway continued . 
 it looked strange to have such a large road leading past a village like this , even if that road was old and broken . 
 master roidelle claimed that it would lead them straight up into andor . 
 it was too uneven to be used as a major highway , and the direction it led no longer passed major cities , so it had been forgotten . 
 mat blessed their luck in finding it , though . 
 the main passages into murandy had been crowded with seanchan . 
 according to roidelle 's maps , hinderstap specialized in producing goat 's cheese and mutton for the various towns and manor lands in the region . 
 the villagers should be used to outsiders . 
 indeed , several boys came running from the fields the moment they spotted thorn and his gleeman 's cloak . 
 he 'd make a stir , but a familiar one . 
 the aes sedai , though , would be memorable . 
 ah , well , he thought as he and talmanes rode down the grass-lined road . 
 he would retain his good humor ; this time , he would not let the aes sedai ruin it . 
 by the time mat and talmanes reached the village , thorn had already gathered a small crowd . 
 he stood upright on his saddle and juggled three colored balls in his right hand while talking of his travels in the south . 
 the villagers here wore vests and green cloaks of a deep , velvety cloth . 
 they looked warm , though upon closer inspection , mat noticed that many of them-cloaks , vests and trousers-had been torn , and carefully mended . 
 another group of people , mostly women , had gathered around the aes sedai . 
 good ; mat had half-expected the villagers to be frightened . 
 one of those standing at the side of thorn 's group eyed mat and talmanes appraisingly . 
 he was a sturdy fellow , with thick arms and linen sleeves that were rolled to the elbows despite the chill spring air . 
 his arms curled with dark hair that matched his beard and the locks on his head . 
 `` you have the look of a lord about you , '' the man said , approaching mat . 
 `` he 's a pr - '' talmanes began before mat cut him off hastily . 
 `` i suppose i do at that , '' mat said , keeping an eye on talmanes . 
 `` i 'm barlden , the mayor here , '' the man said , folding his arms . 
 `` you 're welcome to come and trade . 
 be aware that we do n't have much to spare . '' 
 `` surely you at least have some cheese , '' talmanes said . 
 `` that 's what you produce , is n't it ? '' 
 `` all that has n't molded or spoiled is needed for our custom , '' mayor barlden said . 
 `` that 's just the way of things , these days . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` but if you have cloth or clothing you 'll trade , we might be able to scrape something up to feed you for the day . '' 
 feed us for a day ? 
 mat thought . 
 all eleven of us ? 
 he 'd need to bring a wagonload back at least , not to mention the ale he 'd promised his men . 
 `` you still need to hear about the curfew . 
 trade , warm yourselves by the hearths for a time , but know that all outsiders must be out of the town by nightfall . '' 
 mat glanced up at the cloud-covered sky . 
 `` but that 's barely three hours away ! '' 
 `` those are our rules , '' barlden said curtly . 
 `` it 's ridiculous , '' joline said , turning away from the village women . 
 she nudged her horse a little closer to mat and talmanes , her warders - as always-shadowing her . 
 `` master barlden , we can not agree to this foolish prohibition . 
 i understand your hesitation during these dangerous times , but surely you can see that your rules should not apply here . '' 
 the man kept his arms folded and said nothing . 
 joline pursed her lips , rearranging her hands on her reins so that her great serpent ring was prominently visible . 
 `` does the symbol of the white tower mean so little these days ? '' 
 `` we respect the white tower . '' 
 barlden looked at mat . 
 he was wise . 
 meeting the gaze of an aes sedai tended to make one 's resolve weaken . 
 `` but our rules are strict , my lady . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 joline sniffed . 
 `` i suspect that your innkeepers are less than satisfied with this requirement . 
 how are they to make ends meet if they ca n't rent rooms to travelers ? '' 
 `` the inns are compensated , '' the mayor said gruffly . 
 `` three hours . 
 do your business and be on your way . 
 we mean to be friendly to all who pass our way , but we ca n't see our rules broken . '' 
 with that , he turned and left . 
 as he walked away , he was joined by a small group of burly men , several carrying axes . 
 not threateningly . 
 casually , as if they 'd been out chopping wood , and just happened to be walking through town . 
 together . 
 in the same direction as the mayor . 
 `` i should say this is quite the welcome , '' talmanes muttered . 
 mat nodded . 
 at that moment , the dice started rattling in his head . 
 burn it ! 
 he decided to ignore them . 
 they were never any help anyway . 
 `` let 's go find a tavern , '' he said , heeling pips forward . 
 `` still determined to make a night of it , eh ? '' 
 talmanes said , smiling as he joined mat . 
 `` we 'll see , '' mat said , listening to those dice despite himself . 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 mat spotted three inns on his initial ride through the village . 
 there was one at the end of the main thoroughfare , and it had two bright lanterns burning out front , even though night had n't yet fallen . 
 those whitewashed walls and clean glass windows would draw the aes sedai like moths to a flame . 
 that would be the inn for traveling merchants and dignitaries unfortunate enough to find themselves in these hills . 
 but outsiders could n't stay the night now . 
 how long had that prohibition been in place ? 
 how did these inns maintain themselves ? 
 they could still provide a bath and meal , but without renting rooms ... . 
 mat did n't buy the mayor 's comment about inns being `` compensated . '' 
 if they were n't doing anything useful for the village , why pay them ? 
 it was just plain odd . 
 anyway , mat did n't head for the nice inn , nor the one thorn had chosen . 
 that one was n't on the main road , but was on a wide street just to the northeast . 
 it would serve the average visitor , respectable men and women who did n't like to spend what they did n't have to . 
 the building was well cared for ; the beds would be clean , and the meals satisfactory . 
 the locals would visit for drinks on occasion , mostly when they felt that their wives were keeping a close eye on them . 
 the last inn would have been the most difficult to find , had mat not known where to look for it . 
 it was three streets out from the center , in the back west corner of the village . 
 no sign hung out front ; just a wooden board carved with what looked like a drunken horse that sat inside one of the windows . 
 none of those windows had glass . 
 light and laughter came from inside . 
 most outsiders would have been made uncomfortable by the lack of an inviting sign and street lanterns near this inn . 
 it was really more of a tavern than an inn ; mat doubted if it had ever held anything other than a few pallets in the back that one could rent for a copper . 
 this was the place for working locals to relax . 
 with evening approaching , many would have already made their way here . 
 it was a place for community and for relaxation , a place for smoking a pinch of tabac with your friends . 
 and for throwing a few games of dice . 
 mat smiled and dismounted , then hitched pips to the post outside . 
 talmanes sighed . 
 `` you realize that they probably water their drinks . '' 
 `` then we 'll have to order twice as many , '' mat said , undoing a few bags of coins from his saddle and stuffing them in pockets inside his coat . 
 he gestured for his soldiers to stay and guard the horses . 
 the pack animal carried a coin chest . 
 it contained mat 's personal stash : he would n't risk the band 's wages on gambling . 
 `` all right , then , '' talmanes said . 
 `` but you realize that i 'm going to make certain that you and i go to a proper tavern once we reach four kings . 
 i 'll have you educated yet , mat . 
 you 're a prince now . 
 you 'll need - '' mat held up a hand , cutting talmanes off . 
 then he pointed at the post . 
 talmanes sighed again and slid free of the saddle , then hitched his horse . 
 mat stepped up to the tavern door , took a deep breath , and entered . 
 men crowded around tables , their cloaks draped over chairs or hung on pegs , their ripped and resewn vests unbuttoned , their sleeves rolled up . 
 why did people here wear clothing that was once so nice , yet now torn and patched ? 
 they had plenty of sheep , and should therefore have wool to spare . 
 mat ignored the oddity for the moment . 
 the men in this place played at dice , drank mugs of ale off of sticky tables , and slapped at the backsides of passing barmaids . 
 they seemed exhausted , many of their eyes drooping with fatigue . 
 but that was to be expected after a day 's work . 
 despite the tired eyes , there was an almost palpable chatter in the room , voices overlapping one another in low , rumbling murmurs . 
 a few people looked up as mat entered , and some of them frowned at his nice clothing , but most people paid him no heed . 
 talmanes followed reluctantly , but he was n't the type of nobleman who minded rubbing shoulders with those of lower station . 
 he 'd visited his share of seedy taverns in his time , even if he had taken to complaining about mat 's choices . 
 and so talmanes was as quick as mat to pull a chair up to a table where a few men already sat . 
 mat smiled broadly and flashed gold , tossing it to the passing barmaid and demanding some drinks . 
 that got some attention , both from those around the table and from talmanes . 
 `` what are you doing , '' talmanes hissed , leaning toward mat . 
 `` you want to see us slit open the moment we stumble out of here ? '' 
 mat just smiled . 
 one of the nearby tables had a dice game going . 
 looked like cat 's paw-or , at least , that 's what it had been called the night mat had first been taught it . 
 they called it third gem in ebou dar , and he 'd heard it called feathers aloft in cairhien . 
 it was the perfect game for his purposes . 
 there was only one dicer in the game , with the crowd of onlookers betting against or for his tosses . 
 mat took a deep breath , then pulled his chair over to the table , snapping a gold crown onto the wood directly in the center of a wet ring of ale made by the bottom of a mug , now held by a short fellow who 'd lost most of his mousy hair , but what he did have hung long down around his collar . 
 he almost choked on his ale . 
 `` care if i make a throw ? '' 
 mat said to the table 's occupants . 
 `` i ... do n't know if we can match that , '' said a man with a short black beard . 
 `` m'lord , '' he added belatedly . 
 `` my gold against your silver , '' mat said lightly . 
 `` i have n't had a good game of dice in ages . '' 
 talmanes pulled his chair over , interested . 
 he 'd seen mat do this before , putting down gold coins and winning silvers . 
 mat 's luck made up for the difference , and he always came out far ahead . 
 sometimes he could come out ahead playing gold for coppers . 
 that did n't make him much money . 
 it only took so long before the men involved either ran out of coin or decided to stop playing . 
 and mat would be left with a handful of silvers and nobody to dice with . 
 that would n't help . 
 the army had plenty of coin . 
 it needed food , and so it was time to try something different . 
 several of the men set down silver coins . 
 mat shook the dice in his hands , then tossed . 
 blessedly , the dice came up with one showing a single pip and the other showing two . 
 an instant loss . 
 talmanes blinked , and the men around the table glanced at mat , looking chagrined-as if embarrassed to have bet against a lord who obviously was n't expecting to lose . 
 that was an easy way to get oneself in trouble . 
 `` well look at that , '' mat said . 
 `` guess you win . 
 it 's yours . '' 
 he rolled the gold crown to the center of the table , to be split among the men who had bet against him , as per the rules . 
 `` how about another ? '' 
 mat said , slapping down two gold crowns . 
 there were more takers this time . 
 again , he threw and lost , nearly sending talmanes into a choking fit . 
 mat had lost throws before-it happened , even to him . 
 but two throws in a row ? 
 he sent the two crowns rolling , and then he pulled out four . 
 talmanes placed a hand on his arm . 
 `` no offense , mat , '' the man said in a quiet voice . 
 `` but maybe you should stop . 
 everyone has an off night . 
 let 's finish our drinks and go buy what supplies we can before night falls . '' 
 mat just smiled and watched as the bets piled up against his four coins . 
 he had to lay down a fifth , since so many people wanted in on the toss . 
 he ignored talmanes and threw , losing yet again . 
 talmanes groaned , then reached over and took a mug from the serving girl , who had finally arrived to fill mat 's order . 
 `` do n't look so grim , '' mat said softly , hefting the pouch in his hand as he reached for his own mug . 
 `` this is what i wanted . '' 
 talmanes raised an eyebrow , lowering his mug . 
 mat said , `` i can lose when i want to , if it 's for the best . '' 
 `` how can losing be for the best ? '' 
 talmanes asked , watching the men argue about how to divide mat 's gold . 
 `` wait . ' 
 mat took a slurp of ale . 
 it was as watered-down as talmanes had feared . 
 mat turned back to the table , counting out a few more gold coins . 
 as the time passed , more and more people began gathering around the table . 
 mat made sure to win a few tosses-just as he had to lose a bit when spending a night winning , he did n't want to arouse any suspicions about his losing streak . 
 yet bit by bit , the coins in his pouches ended up in the hands of the men playing against him . 
 before long , all was silent in the tavern , men crowding around mat and waiting their turn to bet against him . 
 sons and friends had run to grab their fathers and cousins , dragging them to the tipsy gelding-as the inn was called . 
 at one point-during a break in the throws while mat was waiting for another mug of ale-talmanes pulled him aside . 
 `` i do n't like this , mat , '' the wiry man said in a low voice , leaning in . 
 sweat had long since streaked the powder on his shaved forehead , and he 'd wiped it away , leaving the skin bare . 
 `` i told you . '' 
 mat took a swig of watery ale . 
 `` i know what i 'm doing . '' 
 men cheered to the side as one of them drank three mugs , one after another . 
 the air smelt of sweat and muddy ale , spilled to the wood floor then trampled by the boots of those arriving from the pastures . 
 `` not that , '' talmanes said , glancing at the cheering men . 
 `` you can waste your coin if you want , so long as you spare a few coins to buy me a drink now and then . 
 that 's not what 's bothering me , not anymore . '' 
 mat frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` something feels wrong about these folk , mat . '' 
 talmanes spoke very softly , glancing over his shoulder . 
 `` while you 've been playing , i 've been talking to them . 
 they do n't care about the world . 
 the dragon reborn , the seanchan , nothing . 
 not a care . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 mat said . 
 `` they 're simple folk . '' 
 `` simple folk should worry even more '' talmanes said . 
 `` they 're trapped here between gathering armies . 
 but these just shrug when i talk , then drink some more . 
 it 's as if they 're ... they 're too focused on their revelry . 
 as if it 's all that matters to them . '' 
 `` then they 're perfect , '' mat said . 
 `` it 'll be dark soon , '' talmanes said , glancing at the window . 
 `` we 've used an hour , probably more . 
 maybe we should - '' at that moment , the door the inn slammed open and the burly mayor entered , accompanied by the men who had joined him earlier , although they 'd left their axes behind . 
 they did n't look pleased to find half the village inside the tavern gambling with mat . 
 `` mat , '' talmanes began again . 
 mat raised a hand , cutting him off . 
 `` this is what we 've been waiting for . '' 
 `` it is ? '' 
 talmanes asked . 
 mat turned back to the dicing table , smiling . 
 he 'd gone through most of his bags of coins , but he had enough for a few more throws-not counting what he 'd brought along outside , of course . 
 he picked up the dice and counted out some gold crowns , and the crowd began to throw down coins of their own-many of which , by now , were gold ones they 'd won from mat . 
 he tossed and lost , causing a roar of excitement from those watching . 
 barlden looked as if he wanted to toss mat out-it was getting late , and sunset could n't be far off-but the man hesitated when he saw mat pull out another handful of gold coins . 
 greed nibbled every man , and strict `` rules '' could be bent if opportunity walked past and winked suggestively enough . 
 mat tossed again , and lost . 
 more roars . 
 the mayor folded his arms . 
 mat reached into his pouch and found nothing but air . 
 the men around him looked crestfallen , and one called for a round of drinks to `` help the poor young lord forget about his luck . '' 
 not bloody likely , mat thought , covering a smile . 
 he stood up , raising his hands . 
 `` i see it 's getting late , '' he said to the room . 
 `` too late , '' barlden interjected , pushing past a few smelly goatherds with fur-collared cloaks . 
 `` you should be going , outlander . 
 do n't be thinking i 'll make these men give back what you lost to them fairly , either . '' 
 `` i would n't dream of it , '' mat said , slurring his words just a tad . 
 `` harnan and delarn ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 `` bring in the chest ! '' 
 the two soldiers from outside hurried in a moment later , bearing the small wooden chest from the packhorse . 
 the tavern grew silent as the soldier carried it over to the table and set it down . 
 mat fished out the key , wobbling slightly , then unlocked the lid and revealed the contents . 
 gold . 
 a lot of it . 
 practically all he had left of his personal coin . 
 `` there 's time for one more throw , '' mat said to a stunned room . 
 `` any takers ? '' 
 men began to toss down coins until the pile contained most of what mat had lost . 
 it was n't nearly enough to match what was in his chest . 
 he looked it over , tapping his chin . 
 `` that 's not going to be enough , friends . 
 i 'll take a bad bet , but if i 've only got one more throw tonight , i want a chance of walking out of here with something . '' 
 `` it 's all we 've got , '' one of the men said , amid a few calls for mat to go ahead and toss anyway . 
 mat sighed , then closed the lid to the chest . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 even barlden was watching with a gleam in his eyes . 
 `` unless . '' 
 mat paused . 
 `` i came here for supplies . 
 i guess i 'd take barter . 
 you can keep the coins you won , but i 'll bet this chest for supplies . 
 foodstuffs for my men , a few casks of ale . 
 a cart to carry it on . '' 
 `` there is n't enough time . '' 
 barlden glanced at the darkening windows . 
 `` surely there is , '' mat said , leaning forward . 
 `` i 'll leave after this toss . 
 you have my word on it . '' 
 `` we do n't bend rules here , '' the mayor said . 
 `` the price is too high . '' 
 mat expected calls from the betting men , challenging the mayor , begging him to make an exception . 
 but there were none . 
 mat felt a sudden spike of fear . 
 after all of that losing ... if they kicked him out anyway ... . 
 desperate , he pulled open the top of the chest again , revealing the gold coins inside . 
 `` i 'll give you the ale , '' the innkeeper said suddenly . 
 `` and mardry , you 've got a wagon and team . 
 it 's only a street down . '' 
 `` yes , '' said mardry , a bluff-faced man with short dark hair . 
 `` i 'll bet that . '' 
 men began to call that they could offer food-grain from their pantries , potatoes from their cellars . 
 mat looked to the mayor . 
 `` there 's still got to be what , half an hour until nightfall ? 
 why do n't we see what they can gather ? 
 the village store can have a piece of this too , if i lose . 
 i 'll bet you could use the extra coin , what with the winter we had . '' 
 barlden hesitated , then nodded , still watching the chest of coins . 
 men whooped and ran about , fetching the wagon , rolling out the ale . 
 more than a few galloped off for their homes or the village store . 
 mat watched them go , waiting in the quickly emptying tavern room . 
 `` i see what you 're doing , '' the mayor said to mat . 
 he did n't seem to be in a rush to gather anything . 
 mat turned toward him , questioningly . 
 `` i wo n't have you cheating us with a miracle win at the end of the evening . '' 
 barlden folded his arms . 
 `` you 'll use my dice . 
 and you 'll move nice and slow as you toss . 
 i know you lost many games here as the men report , but i suspect that if we search you , we 'll find a couple of sets of dice hidden on your person . '' 
 `` you 're welcome to give me a search , '' mat said , raising his arms to the side . 
 barlden hesitated . 
 `` you will have thrown them away , of course , '' he finally said . 
 `` it 's a fine scheme , dressing like a lord , loading dice so they make you lose instead of win . 
 never heard of a man bold enough to throw away gold like that on fake dice . '' 
 `` if you 're so certain that i 'm cheating , '' mat said , `` then why go through with this ? '' 
 `` because i know how to stop you , '' the mayor replied . 
 `` like i said , you 'll use my dice on this throw . '' 
 he hesitated , then smiled , grabbing a pair of dice off the table that mat had been using . 
 he tossed them . 
 they came up a one and a two . 
 he tossed them again , and got the same result . 
 `` better yet . '' 
 the mayor smiled deeply . 
 `` you 'll use these . 
 in fact ... i 'll make the throw for you . '' 
 barlden 's face in the dim light took on a decidedly sinister cast . 
 mat felt a stab of panic . 
 talmanes took his arm . 
 `` all right , mat , '' he said . 
 `` i think we should go . '' 
 mat held up a hand . 
 would his luck work if someone else threw ? 
 sometimes it worked to prevent him from being wounded in combat . 
 he was sure of that . 
 was n't he ? 
 `` go ahead , '' he said to barlden . 
 the man looked shocked . 
 `` you can make the throw , '' mat said . 
 `` but it counts the same as if i 'd tossed . 
 a winning hand , and i walk away with everything . 
 a losing hand , and i 'll be on my way with my hat and my horse , and you can keep the bloody chest . 
 agreed ? '' 
 `` agreed . '' 
 mat stuck out his hand for a shake , but the mayor turned away , holding the dice in his hand . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` you 'll get no chance to swap these dice , traveler . 
 let 's just go out front and wait . 
 and you keep your distance . '' 
 they did as he said , leaving the muggy , ale-soaked stench of the tavern for the clear street outside . 
 mat 's soldiers brought the chest . 
 barlden demanded that the chest remain open so that it could n't be switched . 
 one of his thugs poked around inside it , biting the coins , making certain that it really was full and that the coins were authentic . 
 mat waited , leaning against the door as a wagon rolled up , and men from inside the tavern began rolling casks of ale onto its bed . 
 the sun was barely a haze of light on the horizon , behind those blasted clouds . 
 as mat waited , he saw the mayor grow more and more anxious . 
 blood and bloody ashes , the man was a stickler for his rules ! 
 well , mat would show him , and all of them . 
 he 'd show them ... . 
 show them what ? 
 that he could n't be beaten ? 
 what did that prove ? 
 as mat waited , the cart piled higher and higher with foodstuffs , and he began to feel a strange sense of guilt . 
 i 'm not doing anything wrong , he thought . 
 i 've got to feed my men , do n't i ? 
 these men are betting fair , and i 'm betting fair . 
 no loaded dice . 
 no cheating . 
 except his luck . 
 well , his luck was his own-just as every man 's luck was his own . 
 some men were born with a talent for music , and they became bards and gleemen . 
 who begrudged them earning coin with what the creator gave them ? 
 mat had luck , and so he used it . 
 there was nothing wrong with that . 
 still , as the men came back into the inn , he started to see what it was that talmanes had noticed . 
 there was an edge of desperation to these men . 
 had they been too eager to gamble ? 
 had they been foolhardy with their betting ? 
 what was that look in their eyes , a look that mat had mistaken for weariness ? 
 had they been drinking to celebrate the end of the day , or had they been drinking to banish that haunted cast in their eyes ? 
 `` maybe you were right , '' mat said to talmanes , who was watching the sun with almost as much anxiety as the mayor . 
 its last light was dusting the tops of the peaked homes , coloring the tan tile a deeper orange . 
 the sunset was a blaze behind the clouds . 
 `` we can go , then ? '' 
 the talmanes asked . 
 `` no , '' mat said . 
 `` we 're staying . '' 
 and the dice stopped rattling in his head . 
 it was so sudden , the silence so unexpected , that he froze . 
 it was enough to make him think he 'd made the wrong decision . 
 `` burn me , we 're staying , '' he repeated . 
 `` i 've never backed down from a bet before , and i do n't plan to now . '' 
 a group of riders returned , bearing sacks of grain on their horses . 
 it was amazing what a little coin could do for motivation . 
 as more riders arrived , a young boy came trotting up the road . 
 `` mayor , '' he said , tugging on barlden 's purple vest . 
 that vest bore a crisscross of patched rips across the front . 
 `` mother says that the outlander women are n't done bathing . 
 she 's trying to hurry them , but ... . '' 
 the mayor tensed . 
 he glanced at mat angrily . 
 mat snorted . 
 `` do n't think i can do anything to hurry that lot , '' he said . 
 `` if i were to go rush them , they 'd likely dig in like mules and take twice as long . 
 let someone else bloody have a turn dealing with them . '' 
 talmanes kept glancing at the lengthening shadows along the road . 
 `` burn me , '' he muttered . 
 `` if those ghosts start appearing again , mat ... . '' 
 `` this is something else , '' mat said as the newcomers threw their grain onto the wagon . 
 `` it feels different . '' 
 the wagon was already loaded high with foodstuffs ; a good haul to have purchased from a village this size . 
 it was just what the band needed , enough to nudge them along , keep them fed until they reached the next town . 
 that food was n't worth the gold in the coffer , of course , but it was about equal to what he 'd lost dicing inside , particularly with the wagon and horses thrown in . 
 they were good draft animals , sturdy , well cared for from the look of coat and hoof . 
 mat opened his mouth to say it was enough , then hesitated as he noticed that the mayor was talking quietly with a group of men . 
 there were six of them , their vests drab and ragged , their black hair unkempt . 
 one was gesturing toward mat and holding what looked to be a sheet of paper in his hand . 
 barlden shook his head , but the man with the paper gestured more insistently . 
 `` here now , '' mat said softly . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` mat , the sun ... '' talmanes said . 
 the mayor pointed sharply , and the ragged men sidled away . 
 the men who had brought the food were crowding around the dimming street , keeping to the center of it . 
 most were looking toward the horizon . 
 `` mayor , '' mat called . 
 `` that 's good enough . 
 make the throw ! '' 
 barlden hesitated , glancing at him , then looked down at the dice in his hand almost as if he 'd forgotten them . 
 the men around him nodded anxiously , and so he raised his hand in a fist , rattling the dice . 
 the mayor looked across the street to meet mat 's eyes , then threw the dice onto the ground between them . 
 they seemed too loud , a tiny rattling thunderstorm , like bones cracking against one another . 
 mat held his breath . 
 it had been a long while since he 'd had reason to worry about a toss of the dice . 
 he leaned down , watching the white cubes tumble against the dirt . 
 how would his luck react to someone else throwing ? 
 the dice came to a stop . 
 a pair of fours . 
 an outright winning throw . 
 mat released a long , relieved breath , though he felt a trickle of sweat down his temple . 
 `` mat ... '' talmanes said softly , making him look up . 
 the men standing on the road did n't look so pleased . 
 several of them cheered in excitement until their friends explained that a winning throw from the mayor meant that mat would take the prize . 
 the crowd grew tense . 
 mat met barlden 's eyes . 
 `` go , '' the burly man said , gesturing in disgust toward mat and turning away . 
 `` take your spoils and leave this place . 
 never return . '' 
 `` well , '' mat said , relaxing . 
 `` thank you kindly for the game , then . 
 we - '' `` go ! '' 
 the mayor bellowed . 
 he looked at the last slivers of sunlight on the horizon , then cursed and began waving for the men to enter the tipsy gelding . 
 some lingered , glancing at mat with shock or hostility , but the mayor 's urgings soon bullied them into the low-roofed inn . 
 he pulled the door shut and left mat , talmanes and the two soldiers standing alone on the street . 
 it suddenly seemed eerily quiet . 
 there was n't a villager on the street . 
 should n't there be some noise from inside the tavern , at least ? 
 some clinking of mugs , some grumbling about the lost wager ? 
 `` well , '' mat said , voice echoing against silent housefronts , `` i guess that 's that . '' 
 he walked over to pips , calming the horse , who had begun to shuffle nervously . 
 `` now , see , i told you , talmanes . 
 nothing to be worried about at all . '' 
 and that 's when the screaming began . 
 chapter 28 night in hinderstap burn you , mat ! '' 
 talmanes said , yanking his sword free from the gut of a twitching villager . 
 talmanes almost never swore . 
 `` burn you twice over and once again ! '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 mat snapped , spinning , his ashandarei flashing as he neatly hamstrung two men in bright green vests . 
 they fell to the packed earthen street , eyes wide with rage as they sputtered and growled . 
 `` me ? 
 i 'm not the one trying to kill you , talmanes . 
 blame them \ '' talmanes managed to pull himself into his saddle . 
 `` they told us to leave ! '' 
 `` yes , '' mat said , grabbing pips ' reigns and pulling the horse away from the tipsy gelding . 
 `` and now they 're trying to kill us . 
 i ca n't rightly be blamed for their unsociable behavior ! '' 
 howls , screams , and yells rose from all across the village . 
 some were angry , some were terrified , others were agonized . 
 more and more men piled out of the tavern , each one grunting and yelling , each one trying his best to kill every person around him . 
 some of them came for mat , talmanes or mat 's redarms . 
 but many just attacked their companions , hands ripping at skin , nails tearing gouges in faces . 
 they fought with a primal lack of skill , and only a few thought to pick up rocks , mugs or lengths of wood as weapons . 
 this was far more than a simple bar fight . 
 these men were trying to kill each other . 
 already there were a half-dozen corpses or near-corpses on the street , and from what mat could see of the inside of the inn , the fighting was equally brutal inside . 
 mat tried to edge closer to the wagon with its load of food , pips clopping alongside him . 
 his chest of gold still lay on the street . 
 the fighting men ignored both food and coin , concentrating on one another . 
 talmanes , as well as harnan and delarn-his two soldiers-backed away with him , nervously pulling their own mounts . 
 a group of raving men soon descended on the two villagers mat had hamstrung , beating their heads against the ground over and over until they stopped moving . 
 then the pack looked up at mat and his men , bloodlust clouding their eyes . 
 it was an incongruous expression on the clean faces of men in neat vests and combed hair . 
 `` blood and bloody ashes , '' mat said , swinging into his saddle . 
 `` mount up ! '' 
 harnan and delarn needed no further instruction . 
 they cursed , sheathing swords and swinging into saddles . 
 the pack of villagers surged forward , but mat and talmanes cut off the attack . 
 mat tried to go for wounding blows only , but the villagers were deceptively strong and fast , and he found himself fighting just to keep them from pulling him out of the saddle . 
 he cursed , reluctantly beginning to wield killing blows , taking two of the men with sweeps to the neck . 
 pips kicked out and knocked another to the ground with a hoof to the head . 
 in a few moments , harnan and delarn joined the fight . 
 the villagers did n't back away . 
 they kept fighting in a frenzy until the entire pack of eight had dropped . 
 mat 's soldiers fought with wide-eyed terror , and mat did n't blame them . 
 it was flaming eerie , seeing common villagers react like this ! 
 there did n't seem to be an ounce of humanity left in them . 
 they spoke only in grunts , hisses , and screams , their faces painted with anger and bloodlust . 
 now the other villagers-those not directly attacking mat 's men-started forming into packs , slaughtering the groups smaller than themselves by bludgeoning them , clawing them , biting them . 
 it was unnerving . 
 as mat watched , a body broke through one of the tavern window frames . 
 the corpse rolled to the ground , neck broken . 
 on the other side , barlden stood with wild , nearly inhuman eyes . 
 he screamed into the night , then saw mat and-for just a moment-seemed to show a hint of recognition . 
 then it was gone , and the mayor bellowed again , running forward to leap through the broken window and attack a pair of men whose backs were turned . 
 `` move ! '' 
 mat said , rearing pips as another pack of villagers saw him . 
 `` the gold ! '' 
 talmanes said . 
 `` burn the gold ! '' 
 mat said . 
 `` we can win more , and that food is n't worth our lives . 
 go ! '' 
 talmanes and the soldiers turned their mounts and galloped down the street , mat kicking pips to join them , leaving the gold and wagon behind . 
 it was n't worth their lives-if possible , he 'd bring the army in on the morrow to recover it . 
 but they had to survive first . 
 they galloped for a short time , and mat slowed them at the next corner , holding up a hand . 
 he glanced over his shoulder . 
 the villagers were still coming , but the gallop had left them behind for now . 
 `` i 'm still blaming you , '' talmanes said . 
 `` i thought you liked fighting , '' mat said . 
 `` i like some fights , '' talmanes said . 
 `` on the battlefield or a nice bar fight . 
 this ... this is insane . '' 
 the pack of villagers behind had fallen to all fours and were moving in a strange lope . 
 talmanes shivered visibly . 
 there was barely enough light to see by . 
 now that the sun had set , those mountains and the gray clouds blocked what light remained . 
 lanterns lined many of the streets , but it did n't look as if anyone would be lighting them . 
 `` mat , they 're gaining , '' talmanes said , sword held at the ready . 
 `` this is n't just about our wager , '' mat said , listening to the screams and shouts . 
 they came from all around the village . 
 down a side road , a couple of struggling bodies burst through the upper window of a house . 
 they were women , clawing at each other as they fell , crashing to the ground with a sickening thud . 
 they stopped moving . 
 `` come on , '' mat said , turning pips . 
 `` we 've got to find thom and the women . '' 
 they galloped down a side street that would intersect with the main thoroughfare , passing packs of men and women fighting in the gutters . 
 a fat man with bloodied cheeks stumbled into the road , and mat reluctantly rode him down . 
 there were too many people fighting at the sides for him to risk leading his men around the poor fool . 
 mat even saw children fighting , biting at the legs of those larger than they , throttling those their own age . 
 `` the entire bloody town has gone insane , '' mat muttered grimly as the four of them barreled onto the main street and turned toward the fine inn . 
 they 'd pick up the aes sedai , then swing out eastward for thorn , as his inn was the most distant . 
 unfortunately , the main street was worse than the one mat had left . 
 it was almost completely dark now . 
 indeed , it seemed to him that the darkness had come too quickly here . 
 unnaturally swift . 
 the road 's length squirmed with shadows , figures battling , screeching , struggling in the deepening gloom . 
 in that darkness , the fights looked at times to be solid , single creatures-horrific monstrosities with a dozen waving limbs and a hundred mouths to scream from the blackness . 
 mat spurred pips forward . 
 there was nothing to do but charge down the middle of it . 
 `` light , '' talmanes yelled as they galloped toward the inn . 
 `` light ! '' 
 mat gritted his teeth and leaned forward on pips , spear held close to his side as he rode through the nightmare . 
 roars shook the darkness and bodies rolled across the street . 
 mat shivered at the horror of it , cursing under his breath . 
 the night itself seemed to be trying to smother them , to strangle them , and to spawn beasts of blackness and murder . 
 pips and the other horses were well trained , and the four of them charged straight down the street . 
 mat narrowly avoided being pulled from the saddle as dark forms leapt for his legs , trying to yank him free . 
 they screamed and hissed , like legions of the drowned trying to pull him down into a deep , unearthly sea . 
 beside mat , delarn s horse suddenly pulled to a halt , then , as a mass of black figures leaped in front of it , the gelding reared in panic , throwing delarn from his saddle . 
 mat reined in pips , turning at the man 's scream , which was somehow more distinct and more human than the howls around them . 
 `` mat ! '' 
 talmanes yelled , charging past . 
 `` keep going ! 
 we ca n't stop ! '' 
 no , mat thought , shoving down his panic . 
 no , i 'm not leaving someone to this . 
 he took a deep breath and ignored talmanes , kicking pips back toward the black clot of bodies where delarn had fallen . 
 sweat sprayed from his forehead , chilled by the wind of the gallop . 
 moans , screams , and hisses all around him seemed to descend on him . 
 mat roared and threw himself from pips ' back-he could n't bring his mount in without risking trampling the man he wanted to save . 
 he hated fighting in darkness , he bloody hated it . 
 he attacked those dark figures , whose faces he could n't see save for an occasional flash of teeth or insane eyes reflecting the dying light . 
 it reminded him , briefly , of another night , killing shadowspawn in the dark . 
 save these figures he fought did n't have the grace of a myrddraal . 
 they did n't even have the coordination of trollocs . 
 for a moment , it seemed mat fought the shadows themselves - shadows made by sputtering firelight , random and uncoordinated , yet all the more deadly for his inability to anticipate them . 
 he narrowly escaped getting his skull crushed by attacks that made no sense . 
 during the day , those attacks would have been laughable , but from this darkened pack of men-and women-who did n't care what they hit or who they hurt , the attacks were overwhelming . 
 mat found himself fighting just to stay alive , spinning his ashandarei in wide arcs , using it to trip as often as he used it to kill . 
 if something moved in the darkness , he struck . 
 how in the light was he going to find delarn in this ! 
 a shadow moved just a short distance away , and mat instantly recognized a sword-form . 
 rat gnawing the grain ? 
 a villager would n't know that . 
 good man ! 
 mat spun toward that shadow , slashing two other shadows across the chest , earning grunts and howls of pain . 
 delarn 's figure fell beneath a pile of several others , and mat bellowed in denial , leaping across a fallen body and landing with his spear descending in a broad sweep . 
 shadows bled where he struck , the blood just another patch of darkness , and mat used the butt of his weapon to beat back another . 
 he reached down , pulling one of the shadows to its feet , and heard a muttered curse . 
 it was delarn . 
 `` come on , '' mat said , pulling the man toward pips , who stood firm , snorting , in the darkness . 
 the attacking men seemed to ignore animals , which was fortunate . 
 mat shoved the stumbling delarn toward the horse , then turned and engaged the pack he 'd known would chase after him . 
 again , mat danced with the darkness , striking again and again , trying to disengage so that he could climb into the saddle . 
 he risked a glance over his shoulder , and found that delarn had managed to get onto pips ' back-but the soldier sat slumped , a huddled mound . 
 how badly was he wounded ? 
 he barely seemed able to keep himself upright . 
 blood and bloody ashes ! 
 mat turned back to the attackers , spinning his spear , trying to force them back . 
 but they did n't care about being wounded , they did n't care how dangerous mat was . 
 they just kept coming ! 
 surrounding him . 
 coming at him from every side . 
 bloody ashes ! 
 he twisted just in time to see a dark shape rush him from behind . 
 something flashed in the night , reflecting some very distant light . 
 the dark figure behind mat slumped to the ground . 
 another flash , and one of the ones in front of mat fell . 
 suddenly , a figure on a white horse rushed past , and another knife flashed in the air , dropping a third man . 
 `` thorn ! '' 
 mat called , recognizing the cloak . 
 `` get on your horse ! '' 
 thorn 's voice called back . 
 `` i 'm running out of knives ! '' 
 mat swept out with his spear , dropping two more villagers , then dashed forward and leaped into his saddle , trusting thorn to cover his retreat . 
 indeed , he heard a few cries of pain from behind . 
 a moment later , a thundering sound on the road announced the imminent approach of horses . 
 mat pulled himself into his saddle as the creatures tore through the black morass , scattering the villagers . 
 `` mat , you fool ! '' 
 talmanes shouted from one of the horses , barely visible as a silhouette against the night . 
 mat smiled gratefully at talmanes , turning pips , and caught delarn as the man almost slid free . 
 the redarm was alive , for he struggled weakly , but there was a slick wet patch at his side . 
 mat held the man in front of him , ignoring the reins in the darkness and controlling pips with a quick twist of the knees . 
 he did n't know horseback battle commands himself , but those blasted memories did , and so he 'd trained pips to obey . 
 thorn galloped past , and mat turned pips to follow , steadying delarn with one hand and carrying his spear in the other . 
 talmanes and harnan rode to either side of him , charging down the corridor of madness toward the inn at the end . 
 `` come on , man , '' mat whispered to delarn . 
 `` hang on . 
 the aes sedai are just ahead . 
 they 'll fix you up . '' 
 delarn whispered something back . 
 mat leaned forward . 
 `` what was that ? '' '' 
 ... and toss the dice until we fly , '' delarn whispered . 
 `` to dance with jak o ' the shadows ... . '' 
 `` great , '' mat muttered . 
 there were lights ahead , and he could see they were coming from the inn . 
 perhaps they 'd find one place in this flaming village where the people 's brains had n't turned inside out . 
 but no . 
 those bursts of light were familiar . 
 balls of fire , flashing in the upper-story windows of the inn . 
 `` well , '' talmanes noted from his left , `` looks like the aes sedai still live . 
 that 's something , at least . '' 
 figures clustered around the front of the inn , fighting in the darkness , their forms periodically lit from above by the flashes in the windows . 
 `` round to the back , '' thorn suggested . 
 `` go , '' mat said to them , charging past the fighting figures . 
 tal-manes , thorn and harnan followed close on pips ' hooves . 
 mat blessed his luck that they did n't hit a hole or rut in the ground as they crossed the softer earth coming around behind the inn . 
 the horses could easily have tripped and broken a leg , throwing all of them into disaster . 
 the back of the inn was silent , and mat reined in . 
 thom leaped from his horse , his agility defying his earlier complaints about his age . 
 he took up position watching the side of the building to see that they were n't followed . 
 `` harnan ! '' 
 mat said , thrusting his spear toward the stables . 
 `` get the women 's horses out and ready them . 
 saddle them if you can , but be ready to go without those if we have to . 
 light willing , we wo n't have to ride far , just a mile or so to get out of the village and away from this insanity . '' 
 harnan saluted in the darkness , then dismounted and dashed over to the stables . 
 mat waited long enough to determine that nobody was going to jump out at him from the darkness , then spoke to delarn , still held in front of him . 
 `` you still conscious ? '' 
 delarn nodded weakly . 
 `` yes , mat . 
 but i 've taken a gut wound . 
 i ____ '' `` we 'll get the aes sedai , '' mat said . 
 `` all you need to do is sit right here . 
 stay in the saddle , all right ? '' 
 delarn nodded again . 
 mat hesitated at the weakness in the man 's motions , but delarn took pips ' reins , and seemed determined . 
 so mat slid out of the saddle , holding his ashandarei at the ready . 
 `` mat , '' delarn said from the saddle . 
 mat turned back . 
 `` thank you . 
 for coming back for me . '' 
 `` i was n't going to leave a man to that , '' mat said , shivering . 
 `` dying on the battlefield is one thing , but to die out there , in that darkness ... . 
 well , i was n't going to let it happen . 
 talmanes ! 
 see if you can find some light . '' 
 `` working on it , '' the cairhienin said from beside the inn 's back door . 
 he had found a lantern hanging there . 
 a few strikes of flint and steel later , and a small , soft glow lit the backyard of the inn . 
 talmanes quickly closed the shield , keeping the light mostly hidden . 
 thom trotted back to them . 
 `` no one following , mat , '' he said . 
 mat nodded . 
 by the lanternlight , he could see that delarn was in bad shape . 
 not just the gut wound , but scrapes across the face , rips in his uniform , one eye swollen shut . 
 mat whipped out a handkerchief and pressed it against the gut wound , standing beside pips and reaching up to the man in the saddle . 
 `` hold this tight . 
 how 'd the wound happen ? 
 they do n't use weapons . '' 
 `` one got my own sword away from me , '' delarn said with a grunt . 
 `` he used it well enough once he had it . '' 
 talmanes had opened the back door of the inn . 
 he looked to mat and nodded . 
 the way inside was clear . 
 `` we 'll be back soon , '' mat promised delarn . 
 holding his ashandarei in a loose grip , he crossed the short distance to the door and nodded to talmanes and thorn . 
 the three of them ducked inside . 
 the door led to the kitchens . 
 mat scanned the dark room , and talmanes nudged him , pointing at several lumps on the floor . 
 the sliver of lantern light revealed a pair of kitchen boys , barely ten years old , dead on the ground , their necks twisted . 
 mat glanced away , steeling himself , and inched into the room . 
 light ! 
 only lads , and now dead by this insanity . 
 thorn shook his head grimly , and the three of them crept forward . 
 they found the cook in the next hallway , grunting as he beat on the head of what appeared to be the innkeeper . 
 it was a man in a white apron , at least . 
 he was already dead . 
 the fat cook turned toward mat and talmanes the moment they entered the hallway , feral rage in his eyes . 
 mat reluctantly struck , silencing him before he could howl and bring more people against them . 
 `` there 's fighting on the stairs , '' talmanes said , nodding forward . 
 `` i 'll bet there 's a servants ' stairwell , '' thorn noted . 
 `` this looks like a nice enough a place for it . '' 
 sure enough , by cutting through two hallways in the back , they found a narrow , rickety stairwell leading up into darkness . 
 mat took a deep breath , then started up the stairs , holding his ashandarei at the ready . 
 the inn was only two stories high , and the flashes had been coming from the second floor , near the front . 
 they entered the second floor , pushing open the door to the acrid scent of burned flesh . 
 the hallways here were of wood , the grain obscured by thick white paint . 
 the floor lay under a deep chestnut carpet . 
 mat nodded to talmanes and thorn , and-weapons at the ready-they burst out of the stairwell and into the hallway . 
 immediately , a ball of fire whooshed in their direction . 
 mat cursed , throwing himself backward and into talmanes , narrowly avoiding the fire . 
 thom flattened himself with a gleeman 's agility , getting under the fire . 
 mat and talmanes almost tumbled back down the stairs . 
 `` bloody ashes ! '' 
 mat yelled into the hallway . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 there was silence . 
 followed , finally , by joline 's voice . 
 `` cauthon ? '' 
 she called . 
 `` who do you bloody think it is ! '' 
 he shouted back . 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` you came around so quickly , weapons out . 
 are you trying to get killed ? '' 
 `` we 're trying to rescue you ! '' 
 mat yelled . 
 `` do we look like we need rescuing ? '' 
 came the response . 
 `` well , you 're still here , are n't you ? '' 
 mat called back . 
 that was met with silence . 
 `` oh , for light 's sake , '' joline finally called back . 
 `` will you come out here ? '' 
 `` you 're not going to throw another fireball at me , are you ? '' 
 mat muttered , stepping out into the hallway as thom climbed to his feet , talmanes following . 
 he found the three aes sedai standing at the head of the wide , handsome stairs at the other end of the hallway . 
 teslyn and edesina continued to throw fireballs down at unseen villagers below , their hair wet , their dresses disheveled as if they 'd been donned hastily . 
 joline wore only an enveloping white dressing robe , her pretty face calm , her dark hair slick and wet and hanging down over the front of her right shoulder . 
 the robe was parted slightly at the top , giving a hint of what hid inside . 
 talmanes whistled softly . 
 `` she 's not a woman , talmanes , '' mat whispered warningly . 
 `` she 's an aes sedai . 
 do n't think of her as a woman . '' 
 `` i 'm trying , mat , '' talmanes said . 
 `` but it 's hard . '' 
 he hesitated , then added , `` burn me . '' 
 `` be careful or she will , '' mat said , tugging his hat down slightly in the front . 
 `` in fact , she nearly did that just a moment ago . '' 
 talmanes sighed , and the three of them crossed the hallway to the women . 
 joline 's two warders , who had their weapons out , stood just inside the bathing chamber . 
 a dozen or so servants were tied up in the corner : a pair of young girls-probably bathing attendants-and several men in vests and trousers . 
 apparently joline 's dress had been cut to strips and used for bonds . 
 the silk would work far better than wool towels . 
 near the top of the stairs , just below the aes sedai , mat could barely make out a cluster of corpses that had fallen to swords , not fire . 
 joline eyed mat as he approached , a look implying that she considered all this to be bis fault somehow . 
 she folded her arms , closing up the top of the robe , though he was n't sure if that was because of talmanes ' gawking or if the move was coincidental . 
 `` we need to move , '' mat told the women . 
 `` the whole city has gone mad . '' 
 `` we ca n't go , '' joline said . 
 `` not and leave those servants to the mob . 
 besides , we need to find master tobrad and make certain he is safe . '' 
 `` master tobrad is the innkeeper ? '' 
 mat asked . 
 a fireball whooshed down the stairs . 
 `` yes , '' joline said . 
 `` too late , '' mat said . 
 `` his brains are already decorating the walls downstairs . 
 look , like i said , the entire village is crazy . 
 those servants tried to kill you , did n't they ? '' 
 joline hesitated . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` leave them , '' mat said . 
 `` we ca n't do anything for them . '' 
 `` but if we wait until dawn ... '' joline said hesitantly . 
 `` and what ? '' 
 mat said . 
 `` burn to ash every person who tries to climb those stairs ? 
 you 're making a ruckus here , and it 's drawing more and more people . 
 you 're going to have to kill them all to stop them . '' 
 joline glanced at the other two women . 
 `` look , '' mat said . 
 `` i have a wounded redarm down below , and i intend to get him out of this alive . 
 you ca n't do any good for these people here . 
 i suspect your warders had to kill that group at the top of the stairs before you all felt threatened enough to use the power . 
 you know how determined they are . '' 
 `` all right , '' joline said . 
 `` i 'll come . 
 but we 're bringing the two serving girls . 
 blaeric and fen can carry them . '' 
 mat sighed-he 'd have liked the warders ' blades free to help in case they ran into trouble-but said nothing more . 
 he nodded to talmanes and thorn , and waited impatiently as the warders picked up the two bound serving girls and slung them over shoulders . 
 after that , the whole group hustled back down the servants ' stairwell , talmanes leading and mat at the rear . 
 he could hear screams that sounded half angry , half joyous as the villagers at the base of the stairs realized no more fire would fall . 
 there were thumps and shouts , followed by doors opening , and mat cringed , imagining the other servants-left tied up in the bathing chamber-falling to the crowd . 
 mat and the others burst out into the backyard of the inn , only to find delarn on the ground beside pips . 
 harnan knelt beside him , and the bearded soldier looked up with anxiety . 
 `` mat ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` he fell from the saddle . 
 i - '' edesina cut him off , rushing over and kneeling beside delarn . 
 she closed her eyes , and mat felt a chill from his medallion . 
 it made him shiver as he imagined the one power leaking out of her and into the man . 
 that was almost as bad as dying , bloody ashes but it was ! 
 he gripped the medallion beneath his shirt . 
 delarn stiffened , but then gasped , eyes fluttering open . 
 `` it is done , '' edesina said , standing up . 
 `` he will be weak from the healing , but i reached him in time . '' 
 harnan had gathered and saddled all of their horses , light bless him . 
 good man . 
 the women mounted , and spared several glances over their shoulders at the inn . 
 `` it 's as if the darkness itself intoxicates them , '' thorn said while mat helped delarn into his saddle . 
 `` as if light itself has forsaken them , leaving them only to the shadow . 
 ... '' `` nothing we can do , '' mat said , pulling himself into his saddle behind delarn . 
 the soldier was too weak to ride on his own , after that healing . 
 mat eyed the serving girls that the warders had slung over the fronts of their horses . 
 they struggled against their bonds , hate in their eyes . 
 he turned and nodded to talmanes , who had affixed the lantern to a saddle pole . 
 the cairhienin opened the shield , bathing the inn 's stableyard in light . 
 a path led northward , out of the yard into the dark . 
 away from the army , but also directly out of the village , toward the hills . 
 that was good enough for mat . 
 `` ride , '' he said , kicking pips into motion . 
 the group fell in beside him . 
 `` i told you we should leave , '' talmanes noted , looking over his shoulder , riding at mat 's left . 
 `` but you had to stay for one more toss . '' 
 mat did n't look back . 
 `` not my fault , talmanes . 
 how was i to know that staying would cause them all to start tearing each other 's throats out ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 talmanes asked , glancing at him . 
 `` is n't this usually how people react when you tell them you 're going to spend the night ? '' 
 mat rolled his eyes , but did n't feel much like laughing as he led the group out of the village . 
 hours later , mat sat on a rock outcropping on a dark hillside , looking down at hinderstap . 
 the village was dark . 
 not a light burned . 
 it was impossible to tell what was going on , but still he watched . 
 how could a man sleep , after what they 'd been through ? 
 well , the soldiers did sleep . 
 he did n't blame delarn . 
 an aes sedai healing could drain a man . 
 mat had felt that icy chill himself on occasion , and he did n't intend to repeat the experience . 
 talmanes and harnan had n't the excuse of a healing , but they were soldiers . 
 soldiers learned to sleep when they could , and the night 's experience did n't seem to have disturbed them nearly as much as it had mat . 
 oh , they 'd been worried while in the thick of it , but now it was just another battle passed . 
 another battle survived . 
 that had led stout harnan to joking and smiling as they bedded down . 
 not mat . 
 there was an odd wrongness about the entire experience . 
 was the curfew intended to keep this from happening , somehow ? 
 had mat , by staying , caused all of these deaths ? 
 blood and bloody ashes . 
 did no place in the world make sense anymore ? 
 `` mat , lad , '' thorn said , joining him , walking with his familiar limp . 
 he 'd had a fractured arm , though he 'd had n't mentioned it until edesina had noticed him flinching and insisted on healing him . 
 `` you should sleep . '' 
 now that the moon had risen-hidden behind the clouds-there was enough light for mat to see thorn 's concern . 
 the group had stopped in a small hollow off one side of the trail . 
 it gave a good view back toward the village , and-more importantly-it overlooked the path that mat and the others had used to escape . 
 the hollow lay on a steep hillside , the only approach from below . 
 one person on watch could keep a good eye out for anyone trying to sneak into the camp . 
 the aes sedai had bedded down near the back of the hollow , though mat did n't think they were actually sleeping . 
 joline 's warders had thought to bring bedrolls , just in case . 
 warders were like that . 
 mat 's men only had their cloaks , but that had n't deterred them from sleeping . 
 talmanes was even snoring softly , despite the spring chill . 
 mat had forbidden a fire . 
 it was n't so cold that they needed one , and it would just signal anyone looking for them . 
 `` i 'm fine , thorn , '' mat said , making room on his rock as the gleeman settled down . 
 `` you 're the one who should get some sleep . '' 
 thorn shook his head . 
 `` one nice thing i 've noticed about getting older is that your body does n't seem to need its sleep as much anymore . 
 dying does n't take as much energy as growing , i guess . '' 
 `` do n't start that again , '' mat said . 
 `` do i need to remind you about how you hauled my skinny backside out of trouble back there ? 
 what was that you were worried about earlier ? 
 that i did n't need you anymore ? 
 if you had n't been with me today , if you had n't come looking for me , i 'd be dead in that village . 
 delarn too . '' 
 thom grinned , eyes bright in the moonlight . 
 `` all right , mat , '' he said . 
 `` no more . 
 i promise . '' 
 mat nodded . 
 the two of them sat for a time on their rock , looking out at the city . 
 `` it 's not going to leave me alone , thom , '' mat finally said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` all of this , '' mat said tiredly . 
 `` the bloody dark one and his spawn . 
 they 've been chasing me since that night in the two rivers , and nothing has stopped them . '' 
 `` you think this was him ? '' 
 `` what else could it have been ? '' 
 mat asked . 
 `` quiet village folk , turning into violent madmen ? 
 it 's the dark one 's own work , and you know it . '' 
 thom was silent . 
 `` yes , '' he finally said . 
 `` i suppose it is at that . '' 
 `` they 're still coming for me , '' mat said angrily . 
 `` that bloody gholam is out there , i know it is , but that 's just part of it . 
 myrddraal and dark-friends , monsters and ghosts . 
 chasing me and hunting me . 
 i 've stumbled from one disaster to another , barely keeping my neck above water , ever since this began . 
 i keep saying i just need to find a hole somewhere to dice and drink , but that wo n't stop it . 
 nothing will . '' 
 `` you 're ta ` veren , lad , '' thom said . 
 `` i did n't ask to be . 
 burn me , i wish they 'd all just go bother rand . 
 he likes it . '' 
 he shook his head , dispelling the image that formed , showing rand asleep in his bed , min curled up beside him . 
 `` you really think that ? '' 
 thom asked . 
 mat hesitated . 
 `` i wish i did , '' he admitted . 
 `` it would make things easier . '' 
 `` lies never make things easier in the long run . 
 unless they 're to exactly the right person-usually a woman-at exactly the right time . 
 when you tell them to yourself , you just bring more trouble . '' 
 `` i brought those people trouble . 
 in the village . '' 
 he glanced toward the back of the camp , where the two warders sat , guarding the still-bound serving girls . 
 they continued to struggle . 
 light ! 
 where did they get the strength ? 
 it was inhuman . 
 `` i do n't think this was you , mat , '' thom said thoughtfully . 
 `` oh , i do n't disagree that trouble hunts you-the dark one himself seems to do so . 
 but hinderstap ... well , when i was singing in that common room , i heard some tidbits . 
 they seemed like nothing . 
 but looking back , it strikes me that the people were expecting this . 
 or something like it . '' 
 `` how could they have been ? '' 
 mat said . 
 `` if this had happened before , they 'd all be dead . '' 
 `` do n't know , '' thom said thoughtfully . 
 then something seemed to strike him . 
 he began fishing inside his cloak . 
 `` oh , i forgot . 
 maybe there is some connection between you and what happened . 
 i managed to take this away from a man who was too drunk for his own good . '' 
 the glee-man pulled out a folded piece of paper and handed it to mat . 
 mat took the paper , frowning , and unfolded it . 
 he squinted in the diffuse moonlight , leaning close , and grunted when he made out what the paper contained-not words , but a very accurate drawing of mat 's face , hat atop his head . 
 it even had the foxhead medallion drawn in around his neck . 
 bloody ashes . 
 he contained his annoyance . 
 `` handsome fellow . 
 good nose , straight teeth , dashing hat . '' 
 thom snorted . 
 `` i saw some men showing a paper to the mayor , '' mat said , refolding the drawing . 
 `` i did n't see what was on it , but i 'll bet it was the same as this . 
 what did the man you took this from say about it ? '' 
 `` an outlander woman in some village north of here is giving them out and offering a reward to anyone who has seen you . 
 the man got the paper from a friend , so he did n't have a description of her or the town 's name . 
 either his friend kept him ignorant , wanting the reward for himself , or he was just too drunk to remember . '' 
 mat tucked the paper into his coat pocket . 
 the light of false dawn was beginning to glow to the east . 
 he 'd sat up all night , but he did n't feel tired . 
 just ... drained . 
 `` i 'm going back , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 thom asked , surprised . 
 `` to hinderstap ? '' 
 mat nodded , rising . 
 `` as soon as it 's light . 
 i need to - '' a muffled curse interrupted him . 
 he spun , reaching for his asban-darei . 
 thom had a pair of knives in his hands in the blink of an eye . 
 fen , joline 's saldaean warder , was the one who had cursed . 
 he stood , hand on his sword , searching the ground around him . 
 blaeric stood by the aes sedai , sword out , alert and on guard . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mat asked tersely . 
 `` the prisoners , '' fen said . 
 mat started , realizing that the lumps that had lain near the warders were gone . 
 he dashed over , cursing . 
 talmanes ' snores stopped as the sounds woke him and he sat up . 
 the bonds made from strips of joline 's dress lay on the ground , but the serving girls were gone . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 mat asked , looking up . 
 `` i ... '' the dark-haired warder looked dumbfounded . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 they were here just a moment ago ! '' 
 `` did you doze off ? '' 
 mat demanded . 
 `` fen would n't have done such a thing , '' joline said , sitting up in her bedroll , her voice calm . 
 she still wore only that dressing robe . 
 `` lad , '' thom said , `` we both saw those girls here barely a minute ago . '' 
 talmanes cursed and woke the two redarms . 
 delarn was looking a great deal better , his weakness from the healing barely seeming to bother him as he climbed to his feet . 
 the warders called for a search , but mat just turned back to the village below . 
 `` the answers are there , '' mat said . 
 `` thom , you 're with me . 
 talmanes , watch the women . '' 
 `` we have little need of being ` watched , ' matrim , '' joline said grumpily . 
 `` fine , '' he snapped . 
 `` thom , you 're with me . 
 joline , you watch the soldiers . 
 either way , you all stay here . 
 i ca n't worry about a whole group right now . '' 
 he did n't give them a chance to argue . 
 within minutes , mat and thom were on their horses , riding down the path back toward hinder-stap . 
 `` lad , '' thom said , `` what is it you expect to find ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' mat replied . 
 `` if i did , i would n't be so keen to look . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' thom said softly . 
 mat spotted the oddities almost immediately . 
 those goats out on the western pasture . 
 he could n't tell for certain in the dawn light , but it looked like someone was herding them . 
 and were those lights winking on in the village ? 
 there had n't been a single one of those all night long ! 
 he hastened pips ' pace , thom following silently . 
 it took the better part of an hour to arrive-mat had n't wanted to risk camping too close , though he 'd also been disinclined to hunt a way around and back to the army in the dark . 
 it was fully light , if still very early , by the time they rode back into the inn 's yard . 
 a couple of men in dun coats were working on the back door , which had apparently been broken off its hinges sometime after mat and the others left . 
 the men looked up as mat and thorn rode into the yard , and one of them pulled off his cap , looking anxious . 
 neither one made a threatening move . 
 mat slowed pips to a halt . 
 one of the men whispered to the other , who ran inside . 
 a moment later , a balding man with a white apron stepped out through the doorway . 
 mat felt himself go pale . 
 `` the innkeeper , '' mat said . 
 `` burn me , i saw you dead ! '' 
 `` best go get the mayor , son , '' the innkeeper said to one of the working men . 
 he glanced back at mat . 
 `` quickly . '' 
 `` what in the bloody name of hawkwing 's left hand is going on here ? '' 
 mat demanded . 
 `` was it all some kind of twisted show ? 
 you - '' a head stuck out of the inn door , peeking around the innkeeper toward mat . 
 the pudgy face had curly blond hair . 
 last time he 'd seen this man , the cook , mat had been forced to gut the man and slit his throat . 
 `` you ! '' 
 he said , pointing . 
 `` i killedyou ! '' 
 `` calm down , now , son , '' the innkeeper said . 
 `` come in , we 'll get you some tea , and - '' `` i 'm not going anywhere with you , spirit , '' mat said . 
 `` thorn , you seeing this ? '' 
 the gleeman rubbed his chin . 
 `` perhaps we should hear the man out , mat . '' 
 `` ghosts and spirits , '' mat muttered , turning pips . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he urged pips forward , charging around to the front of the inn , thom following . 
 here he caught a glimpse of many workers inside , carrying buckets of white paint . 
 to fix the places where aes sedai fire had scored the building , likely . 
 thom pulled up beside mat . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like this , mat , '' he said . 
 `` why would spirits need to paint walls and repair doors ? '' 
 mat shook his head . 
 he 'd spotted the place where he 'd fought the villagers to save delarn . 
 he pulled pips to a halt suddenly , making thom curse and round his own mount around to come back . 
 `` what ? '' 
 thom asked . 
 mat pointed . 
 there was a stain of blood on the ground and across several rocks beside the road . 
 `` where they stabbed delarn , '' he said . 
 `` all right , '' thom said . 
 around them , men passed on the street , gazes averted . 
 they gave mat and thom a wide berth . 
 blood and bloody ashes , mat thought . 
 i 've gotten us surrounded again . 
 what if they attack ? 
 bloody fool ! 
 `` so there 's blood , '' thorn said . 
 `` what did you expect ? '' 
 `` where 's the rest of the blood , thorn ? '' 
 mat growled . 
 `` i killed a good dozen men here , and i saw them bleed . 
 you dropped three with your knives . 
 where 's the blood ? '' 
 `` it vanishes , '' a voice said . 
 mat spun pips to find the burly , hairy-armed mayor standing on the road a short distance away . 
 he must have been near already ; there was no way the workers could have fetched him that quickly . 
 of course , the way things seemed to be going in this village , who could tell that for certain ? 
 barlden wore a cloak and shirt with several fresh rips in them . 
 `` the blood vanishes , '' he said , sounding exhausted . 
 `` none of us have seen it . 
 we just wake up and it 's gone . '' 
 mat hesitated , looking around the village . 
 women peeked out of houses , holding children . 
 men left for the fields , carrying crooks or hoes . 
 save for the air of anxiety at mat and thorn 's presence , one would never know anything had gone wrong in the village . 
 `` we wo n't hurt you , '' the mayor said , turning away from mat . 
 `` so you need n't look so worried . 
 at least , not until the sun sets . 
 i 'll give you an explanation , if you want one . 
 either come and listen or be gone with you . 
 i do n't really care , so long as you stop disturbing my town . 
 we 've work to do . 
 much more than usual , thanks to you . '' 
 mat glanced at thorn , who shrugged . 
 `` it never hurts to listen , '' thorn said . 
 `` i do n't know , '' mat said , eyeing barlden . 
 `` not unless you think it could hurt to end up surrounded by crazy , homicidal mountainfolk . '' 
 `` we leave , then ? '' 
 mat shook his head slowly . 
 `` no . 
 burn me , they 've still got my gold . 
 come on , let 's see what he has to say . '' 
 `` it started several months back , '' the mayor said , standing beside the window . 
 they were in a neat-yet simple-sitting room in his manor . 
 the curtains and carpet were of a soft pale green , almost the color of ox-eye leaves , with light tan wood paneling . 
 the mayor 's wife had brought tea made from dried sweetberries . 
 mat had n't chosen to drink any , and he had made certain to lean against the wall near the street door . 
 his spear rested beside him . 
 barlden 's wife was a short , brown-haired woman , faintly pudgy , with a motherly air . 
 she returned from the kitchen , carrying a bowl of honey for the tea , then hesitated as she saw mat leaning by the wall . 
 she eyed the spear , then put the bowl on the table and retreated . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 mat asked , glancing at thorn , who had also declined a seat . 
 the old gleeman stood with arms crossed beside the door from the kitchens . 
 he nodded to mat ; the woman was n't listening at the door . 
 he 'd make a motion if he heard someone approach . 
 `` we are n't sure if it was something we did , or just a cruel curse by the dark one himself , '' the mayor said . 
 `` it was a normal day , early this year , just before the feast of abram . 
 nothing really special about it that i can remember . 
 the weather had broken by then , though the snows had n't come yet . 
 a lot of us went about our normal activities the next morning , thinking nothing of it . 
 `` the oddities were small , you see . 
 a broken door here , a rip in someone 's clothing they did n't remember . 
 and the nightmares . 
 we all shared them , nightmares of death and killing . 
 a few of the women started talking , and they realized that they could n't remember turning in the previous evening . 
 they could remember waking , safe and comfortable in their beds , but only a few remembered actually getting into bed . 
 those who could remember had gone to sleep early , before sunset . 
 for the rest of us , the late evening was just a blur . '' 
 he fell silent . 
 mat glanced at thorn , who did not respond . 
 mat could see in those blue eyes of his that he was memorizing the tale . 
 he 'd better get it right if he puts me in any ballads , mat thought , folding his arms . 
 and he 'd better include my hat . 
 this is a good bloody hat . 
 `` i was in the pastures that night , '' the mayor continued . 
 `` i was helping old man garken with a broken strip of fencing . 
 and then ... nothing . 
 a fuzzing . 
 i awoke the next morning in my own bed , next to my wife . 
 we felt tired , as if we had n't slept well . '' 
 he stopped , then more softly , he added , `` and i had the nightmares . 
 they 're vague , and they fade . 
 but i can remember one vivid image . 
 old man garken , dead at my feet . 
 killed as if by a wild beast . '' 
 barlden stood next to a window in the eastern wall , opposite mat , staring out . 
 `` but i went to see garken the next day , and he was fine . 
 we finished fixing the fence . 
 it was n't until i got back to town that i heard the chattering . 
 the shared nightmares , the missing hours just after sunset . 
 we gathered , talking it through , and then it happened again . 
 the sun set , and when it rose i woke up in bed again , tired , mind full of nightmares . '' 
 he shivered , then walked over to the table and poured himself a cup of tea . 
 `` we do n't know what happens at night , '' the mayor said , stirring in a spoonful of honey . 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 mat demanded . 
 `` i can bloody tell you what happens at night . 
 you - '' `` we do n't know what happens , '' the mayor interrupted , looking up sharply . 
 `` and have no care to know . '' 
 `` but - '' `` we have no need to know , outlander , '' the mayor said harshly . 
 `` we want to live our lives as best we can . 
 many of us turn in early , lying down before sunset . 
 there are no holes in our memories that way . 
 we go to bed , we wake up in that same bed . 
 there are nightmares , perhaps some damage to the house , but nothing that ca n't be fixed . 
 others prefer to visit a tavern and drink to the setting of the sun . 
 there 's a blessing in that , i suppose . 
 drink all you want , and you never have to worry about getting home . 
 you always wake safe and sound in bed . '' 
 `` you ca n't avoid this entirely , '' thom said softly . 
 `` you ca n't pretend nothing is different . '' 
 `` we do n't . '' 
 barlden took a drink of tea . 
 `` we have the rules . 
 rules that you ignored . 
 no fires lit after sunset-we ca n't have a blaze starting in the night , without anyone to fight it . 
 and we forbid outsiders inside the town after sunset . 
 we learned that lesson quickly . 
 the first people trapped here after nightfall were relatives of sammrie the cooper . 
 we found blood on the walls of his home the next morning . 
 but his sister and her family were safely asleep in the beds he 'd given them . '' 
 the mayor paused . 
 `` now they have the same nightmares we do . '' 
 `` so just leave , '' mat said . 
 `` leave this bloody place and go somewhere else ! '' 
 `` we 've tried , '' the mayor said . 
 `` we always wake up back here , no matter how far we go . 
 some have tried ending their lives . 
 we buried the bodies . 
 they woke up the next morning in their beds . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 `` blood and bloody ashes , '' mat whispered . 
 he felt chilled . 
 `` you survived the night , '' the mayor said , stirring his tea again . 
 `` i assumed that you had n't , after seeing that bloodstain . 
 we were curious to see where you 'd wake up . 
 most of the rooms in the inns are permanently taken by travelers who are now , for better or worse , part of our village . 
 we are n't able to choose where someone awakens . 
 it just happens . 
 an empty bed gets a new occupant , and from then on they wake up there each morning . 
 `` anyway , when i heard you talking to one another about what you 'd seen , i realized that you must have escaped . 
 you remember the night too vividly . 
 anyone who ... joins us simply has the nightmares . 
 count yourselves lucky . 
 i suggest you move on and forget hinderstap . '' 
 `` we have aes sedai with us , '' thorn said . 
 `` they might be able to do something to help you . 
 we could tell the white tower , have them send - '' `` no ! '' 
 barlden said sharply . 
 `` our lives are n't so bad , now that we know how to deal with our situation . 
 we do n't want aes sedai eyes on us . '' 
 he turned away . 
 `` we nearly turned your group away flat . 
 we do that , sometimes , if we sense that the travelers wo n't obey our rules . 
 but you had aes sedai with you . 
 they ask questions , they get curious . 
 we worried that if we turned you away , they 'd get suspicious and force entrance . '' 
 `` forcing them to leave at sunset made them even more curious , '' mat said . 
 `` and having their bathing attendants bloody try to kill them is n't a good way to keep the secret either . '' 
 the mayor looked wan . 
 `` some wished ... well , that you 'd be trapped here . 
 they thought that if aes sedai were bound here , they 'd find a way out for all of us . 
 we do n't all agree . 
 either way , it 's our problem . 
 please , just ... . 
 just go . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 mat stood up straight and picked up his spear . 
 `` but first , tell me where these came from . '' 
 he pulled the paper from his pocket , the one that bore a drawing of his face . 
 barlden glanced at it . 
 `` you 'll find those spread around the nearby villages , '' he said . 
 `` someone 's looking for you . 
 as i told ledron last night , i 'm not in the business of selling out guests . 
 i was n't about to kidnap you and risk keeping you here overnight just for some reward . '' 
 `` who 's looking for me ? '' 
 mat repeated . 
 `` about twenty leagues to the northeast , there 's a small town called trustair . 
 rumor says that if you want a little coin , you can bring news about a man who looks like the one in this picture , or the other one . 
 visit an inn in trustair called the shaken fist to find the one looking for you . '' 
 `` other picture ? '' 
 mat asked , frowning . 
 `` yes . 
 a burly fellow with a beard . 
 a note at the bottom says he has golden eyes . '' 
 mat glanced at thorn , who 'd raised a bushy eyebrow . 
 `` blood and bloody ashes , '' mat muttered and pulled the side of his hat down . 
 who was looking for him and perrin , and what did they want ? 
 `` we 'll be going , i suppose , '' he said . 
 he glanced at barlden . 
 poor fellow . 
 that went for the entire village . 
 but what was mat to do about it ? 
 there were rights you could win , and others you just had to leave for someone else . 
 `` your gold is on the wagon outside , '' the mayor said . 
 `` we did n't take any from your winnings . 
 the food is there too . '' 
 he met mat 's eyes . 
 `` we hold to our word , here . 
 other things are out of our control , particularly for those who do n't listen to the rules . 
 but we are n't going to rob a man just because he 's an outsider . '' 
 `` mighty tolerant of you , '' mat said flatly , pulling open the door . 
 `` have a good day , then , and when night comes , try not to kill anyone i would n't kill . 
 thorn , you coming ? '' 
 the gleeman joined him , limping slightly from his old wound . 
 mat glanced back at barlden , who stood with sleeves rolled up in the center of the room , looking down at his teacup . 
 he seemed like he was wishing that cup held something a little stronger . 
 `` poor fellow , '' mat said , then stepped out into the morning light after thom and pulled the door shut behind him . 
 `` i assume we 're going after that person spreading around pictures of you ? '' 
 thom asked . 
 `` right as light , we are , '' mat said , tying his ashandarei to pips ' saddle . 
 `` it 's on the way to four kings anyway . 
 i 'll lead your horse if you can drive the wagon . '' 
 thom nodded . 
 he was studying the mayor 's home . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mat asked . 
 `` nothing , lad , '' the gleeman said . 
 `` it 's just ... well , it 's a sad tale . 
 something 's wrong in the world . 
 there 's a snag in the pattern here . 
 the town unravels at night , and then the world tries to reset it each morning to make things right again . '' 
 `` well , they should be more forthcoming , '' mat said . 
 the villagers had pulled the food-filled wagon up while mat and thom had been chatting with the mayor . 
 it was hitched to two strong draft horses , tan of coloring and wide of hoof . 
 `` more forthcoming ? '' 
 thom asked . 
 `` how ? 
 the mayor is right , they did try to warn us . '' 
 mat grunted , walking over to open the chest and check on his gold . 
 it was there , as the mayor had said . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` they could put up a warning sign or something . 
 hello . 
 welcome to hinderstap . 
 we will murder you in the night and eat your bloody face if you stay past sunset . 
 try the pies . 
 martna baily makes them fresh daily . '' 
 thorn did n't chuckle . 
 `` poor taste , lad . 
 there 's too much tragedy in this town for levity . '' 
 `` funny , '' mat said . 
 he counted out about as much gold as he figured would be a good price for the food and the wagon . 
 then , after a moment , he added ten more silver crowns . 
 he set all of this in a pile on the mayor 's doorstep , then closed the chest . 
 `` the more tragic things get , the more / feel like laughing . '' 
 `` are we really going to take this wagon ? '' 
 `` we need the food , '' mat said , lashing the chest to the back of the wagon . 
 several large wheels of white cheese and a half dozen legs of mutton lay prominently alongside the casks of ale . 
 the food smelled good , and his stomach rumbled . 
 `` i won it fair . '' 
 he glanced at the villagers passing on the street . 
 when he 'd first seen them the day before , he 'd thought the slowness of their pace was due to the lazy nature of the mountain villagers . 
 now it struck him that there was another reason entirely . 
 he turned back to his work , checking the horses ' harness . 
 `` and i do n't feel a bit bad taking the wagon and horses . 
 i doubt these villagers are going to be doing much traveling in the future . 
 ... '' <br/> death no longer worried him . 
 finally , he understood lews therin 's cries to let it end . 
 rand deserved to die . 
 was there a death so strong that a man would never have to be reborn ? 
 he reached the end of the list , finally . 
 once , he 'd repeated it to keep himself from forgetting the names . 
 that was not possible now ; he could not forget them if he wished . 
 he repeated them as a reminder of what he was . 
 but lews therin had one more name to add . 
 elmindreda farshaw , he whispered . 
 rand pulled tai ` daishar up short , stopping his column of aiel , sal-daean cavalry , and camp attendants in the middle of the street . 
 dobraine turned back questioningly on his white stallion . 
 / did not kill her ! 
 rand thought . 
 lews therin , she lives on . 
 we did n't kill her ! 
 that was semirhage who was to blame , in any case . 
 silence . 
 he could still feel his fingers on her flesh , squeezing , impotent yet incredibly strong . 
 even if semirhage had been behind the actions , rand was the one who had been too weak to send min away and protect her . 
 he had n't sent her away . 
 not because he was too weak , but because something in him had stopped caring . 
 not about her-he loved her fiercely , and always would . 
 but he knew that death , pain and destruction came in his wake , and he dragged them behind him like a cloak . 
 min might die here , but if he sent her away , she would be in just as much danger . 
 his enemies likely suspected that he loved her . 
 there was no safety . 
 if she died , he would add her to the list and suffer for it . 
 he started moving again before question could be called to his actions . 
 tai ` daishar 's hooves thumped on the earthen streets , made soft by the humidity . 
 rains came often here ; bandar eban was the prime port city of the northwest . 
 if it was n't a great city like those in the south , it was still impressive . 
 row upon row of square houses , built of wood , ridged at the second and third stories . 
 they looked like children 's blocks , stacked on top of one another , so perfectly square with the stories divided . 
 they filled the city , rolling down a gentle incline to the massive port . 
 the city was widest at the port , making it seem like the head of a man opening his mouth wide , as if to drink in the ocean itself . 
 the docks were nearly empty ; the only ships moored were a cluster of sea folk vessels-three-masted rakers-and some fishing trawlers . 
 the massive size of the port only made it look more desolate for the lack of ships . 
 that was the first sign that all was not well in bandar eban . 
 other than the virtually unoccupied harbor , the most distinctive aspect of the city was the banners . 
 they flew above-or hung from-every building , no matter how humble . 
 many of those banners proclaimed the trade practiced in a given building-much as a simple wooden sign would in caemlyn . 
 the banners were far more extravagant than most , bright-colored and fluttering in the wind above the buildings . 
 matching tapestry-like banners hung from the sides of most buildings , announcing in bright lettering the owner , master craftsman and merchant of each shop . 
 even homes bore banners with the names of the families who lived therein . 
 copper-skinned and dark-haired , the domani favored bright clothing . 
 domani women were infamous for their dresses , which were filmy enough to be scandalous . 
 it was said that very young domani girls practiced the art of manipulating men , preparing for the day when they would be of age . 
 the sight of them all standing along the roads , watching , was nearly spectacle enough to draw rand out of his brooding . 
 perhaps a year ago , he would have gawked , but now he barely gave them a glance . 
 in fact , it came to him that domani people were far less striking when gathered together like this . 
 a flower in a field of weeds was always a sight , but if you passed cultivated flower beds every day , none of them drew your notice . 
 distracted though he was , he did pick out the signs of starvation . 
 there was no mistaking that haunted cast to the children , that lean look to the faces of the adults . 
 this city had been in chaos just weeks ago , though dobraine and the aiel had restored the law . 
 some of the buildings bore poorly mended windows or broken boards , and some of the banners had obviously been ripped recently and shoddily mended . 
 law had been restored , but the lack of it was still a fresh memory . 
 rand 's group reached a central crossroads , proclaimed by large flapping banners to be arandi square , and dobraine turned the procession to the east . 
 many of the aiel with the cairhienin wore the red headband marking them as siswat ` aman . 
 spears of the dragon . 
 rhuarc had some twenty thousand aiel camped around the city and in the nearby towns ; by now most domani would know that these aiel followed the dragon reborn . 
 rand was glad to find that the sea folk rakers had arrived-finally - with grain from the south . 
 hopefully , that would do as much to restore order as dobraine and the aiel had . 
 the procession turned into the wealthy section of the city . 
 he knew where they 'd find it long before the homes started looking more lavish : as far from the docks as possible , while still remaining a comfortable distance from the city walls . 
 rand could have found the rich even without looking at a map . 
 the city 's landscape all but demanded their location . 
 a horse clopped up beside rand . 
 at first , he assumed it would be min-but no , she was riding behind , with the wise ones . 
 did she look at him differently now , or was he just imagining it ? 
 did she remember his fingers at her throat every time she saw his face ? 
 it was merise who had moved up beside him , riding a placid dun mare . 
 the aes sedai was infuriated by rand 's exile of cadsuane . 
 unsurprising . 
 aes sedai liked to maintain a very calm and controlled front , but merise and the others had pandered to cadsuane much like a village innkeeper simpering over a visiting king . 
 the taraboner woman had chosen to wear her shawl today , proclaiming her affiliation to the green ajah . 
 she wore it , perhaps , in an effort to reinforce her authority . 
 inwardly , rand sighed . 
 he had been expecting a confrontation , but he had hoped that the business of the move would delay it until tempers subsided . 
 he respected cadsuane , after a fashion , but he had never trusted her . 
 there had to be consequences for failure , and he felt a great relief from having dealt with her . 
 there would be no more of her strings wrapping themselves around him . 
 or , at least , fewer of them . 
 `` this exile , it is foolish , rand al ` thor , '' merise said dismissively . 
 was she intentionally trying to rile him , perhaps to make him easier to bully ? 
 after months of dealing with cadsuane herself , this woman 's pale imitation was almost amusing . 
 `` you should beg for her forgiveness , '' merise continued . 
 `` she has condescended to continue with us , though your inane restriction has forced her to wear a cloak with the hood up , despite the warmth of the day . 
 you should be ashamed . '' 
 cadsuane again . 
 he should n't have left her room to wiggle around his command . 
 `` well ? '' 
 merise asked . 
 rand turned his head and looked merise in the eyes . 
 he had discovered something shocking during the last few hours . 
 by bottling up the seething fury within him-by becoming cuendillar-he had gained an understanding that had long eluded him . 
 people did not respond to anger . 
 they did not respond to demands . 
 silence and questions , these were far more effective . 
 indeed , merise-a fully trained aes sedai-wilted before that stare . 
 he put no emotion into it . 
 his rage , his anger , his passion-it was all still there , buried within . 
 but he had surrounded it with ice , cold and immobilizing . 
 it was the ice of the place semirhage had taught him to go , the place that was like the void , but far more dangerous . 
 perhaps merise could sense frozen rage within him . 
 or perhaps she could sense the other thing , the fact that he 'd used that ... power . 
 distantly , lews therin began to cry . 
 the madman did that whenever rand thought of what he had done to escape semirhage 's collar . 
 `` what you did , it was a foolish move , '' merise continued . 
 `` you should - '' `` do you think me a fool , then ? '' 
 rand asked softly . 
 respond to demands with silence , respond to challenges with questions . 
 it was amazing how it worked . 
 merise cut off , then shivered visibly . 
 she glanced down , to the pouch on his saddle where he carried the small statue of a man holding aloft a sphere . 
 rand fingered it , holding his reins loosely . 
 he did not flaunt the statuette . 
 he simply carried it , but merise and most of the others knew the nearly unlimited power he could tap if he wished . 
 it was a weapon greater than any other ever known . 
 with it , he might be able to annihilate the world itself . 
 and it sat innocently on his saddle . 
 that had an effect on people . 
 `` i ... no , i do n't , '' she admitted . 
 `` not always . '' 
 `` do you think that failures should be unpunished ? '' 
 rand asked , voice still soft . 
 why had he lost his temper ? 
 these little annoyances were not worth his passion , his fury . 
 if one bothered him too much , all he needed do was snuff it out , like a candle . 
 a dangerous thought . 
 had that been his ? 
 had it been lews therin 's ? 
 or ... had the thought come from ... elsewhere ? 
 `` surely you have been too harsh , '' merise said . 
 `` too harsh ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do you realize her mistake , merise ? 
 have you considered what could have happened ? 
 what shouldhave happened ? '' 
 `` j __ '' `` the end of all things , merise , '' he whispered . 
 `` the dark one with control of the dragon reborn . 
 the two of us , fighting on the same side . '' 
 she fell silent , then said , `` yes . 
 but mistakes , you yourself have made them . 
 they might have ended in similar disaster . '' 
 `` i pay for my mistakes , '' he said , turning away . 
 `` i pay for them each day . 
 each hour . 
 each breath . '' 
 `` enough . '' 
 he did not yell the word . 
 he spoke firmly , but quietly . 
 he made her feel the full force of his displeasure , his gaze seizing her own . 
 she suddenly slumped in her saddle , looking up at him with wide eyes . 
 there was a loud cracking noise from the side , followed by a sudden crash . 
 screams broke the air . 
 rand turned with alarm . 
 a balcony filled with onlookers had broken free of its supports and fallen to the street , smashing like a barrel hit by a boulder . 
 people groaned in pain , others called out for help . 
 but the sounds had come from both sides of the street . 
 rand frowned and turned ; a second balcony-directly across from the first - had fallen as well . 
 merise paled , then turned her horse hastily , heading to help the wounded . 
 other aes sedai were already hurrying to heal those who had fallen . 
 rand kneed tai ` daishar forward . 
 that had not been caused by the power , but by his ta ` veren nature changing probability . 
 wherever he visited , remarkable and random events occurred . 
 large numbers of births , deaths , weddings and accidents . 
 he had learned to ignore them . 
 he had rarely seen an occurrence quite so ... violent , however . 
 could he be sure it was n't due to some interaction with the new force ? 
 that unseen yet tempting well of power rand had tapped , used and enjoyed ? 
 lews therin thought what happened should have been impossible . 
 the original reason mankind had bored into the dark one 's prison had been power . 
 a new source of energy for channeling , like the one power , but different . 
 unknown and strange , and potentially vast . 
 that source of power had turned out to be the dark one himself . 
 lews therin whimpered . 
 rand carried the access key with him for a reason . 
 it linked him to one of the greatest sa'angreal ever created . 
 with that power and the aid of nynaeve , rand had cleansed saidin . 
 the access key had allowed him to tap an unimaginable river , a tempest as vast as the ocean . 
 it had been the greatest thing he had ever experienced . 
 until the moment when he had used the unnamed power . 
 that other force called to him , sang to him , tempted him . 
 so much power , so much divine wonder . 
 but it terrified him . 
 he did n't dare touch it , not again . 
 and so he carried the key . 
 he was not certain which of the two sources of energy was more dangerous , but as long as both called to him , he was able to resist both . 
 like two people , both yelling for his attention , they drowned one another out . 
 for the moment . 
 beside , he would not be collared again . 
 the access key would n't have helped him against semirhage-no amount of the one power would aid a man if he were caught unaware-but perhaps it would in the future . 
 once , he had n't dared carry it for fear of what it offered . 
 he no longer had room to indulge such weakness . 
 the destination was easy to pick out ; about five hundred cairhienin armsmen were camped on the grounds of a spacious , stately mansion . 
 aiel also had tents on the grounds-but they had also claimed nearby buildings , and several nearby roofs . 
 for the aiel , camping in a place was essentially the same thing as guarding it , as an aiel resting was about twice as alert as a regular soldier on patrol . 
 rand had left the larger bulk of his force outside the city ; he would leave it to dobraine and his stewards to find quarters for rand 's men within the walls . 
 rand halted tai ` daishar , then surveyed his new home . 
 we have no home , lews therin whispered . 
 we destroyed it . 
 burned it away , melted to slag , like sand in afire . 
 the mansion was certainly a step up from the mostly log manor . 
 its large grounds were bordered by iron gates . 
 the flower beds were empty - flowers were hesitant to bloom this spring-but the lawn was greener than most he had seen . 
 oh , it was mostly yellow and brown , but there were patches of green . 
 the groundskeepers were trying very hard , their efforts also manifest in the rows of aryth yews cut in the shapes of fanciful animals at the sides of the lawn . 
 the mansion itself was nearly a palace ; there was one of those in the city , of course , belonging to the king . 
 but it was said to be inferior to the homes of the council of merchants . 
 the banner flapping tall atop the manor was of brilliant gold and black , and it proclaimed this to be the seat of house chadmar . 
 perhaps this milisair had seen the departure of the others as an opportunity . 
 if so , the only real opportunity she 'd gained was the chance to be taken by rand . 
 the gates to the mansion grounds were open , and the aiel in his entourage were already hurrying in , joining clusters of society or clan members . 
 it was irksome that they rarely waited on rand 's commands or orders , but aiel were aiel . 
 any suggestion that they should wait was simply met with laughter , as if he had made a grand joke . 
 it would be easier to tame the wind itself than to get them to behave like wetlanders . 
 that made him think of aviendha . 
 where had she gone , so suddenly ? 
 he could feel her through the bond , but it was faint-she was very far away . 
 to the east . 
 what business was there for her in the waste ? 
 he shook his head . 
 all women were difficult to understand , and an aiel woman was tenfold more incomprehensible . 
 he had hoped that he would be able to spend some time with her , but she 'd pointedly avoided him . 
 well , perhaps it was min 's presence that kept her away . 
 perhaps he would be able to keep himself from hurting her before death came . 
 better that aviendha fled . 
 his enemies did n't know of her yet . 
 he urged tai ` daishar through the gates , riding up the drive to the manor house itself . 
 he dismounted , plucking the statuette from its strap and sliding it into the oversized pocket of his coat , which had been quickly tailored to hold it . 
 he handed his mount off to a groom-one of the manor house 's own servants , wearing a coat of green with a bright white shirt beneath , the collar and cuffs ruffled . 
 the manor 's servants had already been apprised that rand would be using the place as his own , now that its former occupant had been ... given his protection . 
 dobraine joined him as he strode up the steps to the building . 
 it was washed a crisp white , with wooden pillars lining the front landing . 
 he stepped inside the front doors . 
 after living in several palaces , he was still impressed . 
 and disgusted . 
 the opulence he found beyond the manor 's front doors would never have indicated that the people of the city starved . 
 a line of very nervous servants stood in a row along the back of the en-tryway . 
 he could sense their fear . 
 it was not every day that one 's dwelling was annexed by the dragon reborn himself . 
 rand pulled off his riding glove by tucking his hand between his arm and his side , then slipped the glove in his belt . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 he asked , turning to the pair of maidens-beralna and riallin-who were keeping an eye on the servants . 
 `` second floor , '' one of the maidens said . 
 `` sipping tea while her hand shakes so much it threatens to break the porcelain . '' 
 `` we keep telling her she 's not a prisoner , '' the other maiden said . 
 `` she just ca n't leave . '' 
 both of them found that amusing . 
 rand glanced to the side as rhuarc joined him in the entryway . 
 the tall , fire-haired clan chief inspected the room , with its twinkling chandelier and ornamented vases . 
 rand knew what he was thinking . 
 `` you may take the fifth , '' he said . 
 `` but only from the rich who live in this district . '' 
 that was n't how it was done ; the aiel should have been allowed the fifth from everyone . 
 but rhuarc did not argue . 
 what the aiel had done in taking bandar eban had n't really been a true conquest , though they had fought gangs and thugs . 
 perhaps he should n't have given them anything . 
 but considering the mansions like this one , there was wealth to spare for the aiel here , among the wealthy at least . 
 the maidens nodded , as if they had expected it , then loped off , probably to begin selecting their share . 
 dobraine watched them with consternation . 
 cairhien had suffered the aiel fifth on several occasions . 
 `` i never can understand why you let them plunder like highwaymen who find the caravan guards asleep , '' corele said , sweeping into the room with a smile . 
 she raised an eyebrow at the impressive furnishings . 
 `` and such a pretty place as this . 
 like letting soldiers trample spring buds , is n't it ? '' 
 had she been sent to deal with him now that he 'd shaken merise ? 
 she met rand 's gaze in her pleasant way , but he held it until she broke and turned away . 
 he could remember a time when that had never worked with aes sedai . 
 he turned to dobraine . 
 `` you have done well here , '' he said to the lord . 
 `` even if you have n't brought order as widely as i wish . 
 gather your armsmen . 
 narishma has been instructed to provide a gateway for you to tear . '' 
 `` tear , my lord ? '' 
 dobraine asked , surprised . 
 `` yes , '' rand said . 
 `` tell darlin to stop pestering me with messengers . 
 he is to keep gathering his forces ; i 'll bring him to arad doman when i decide the time is right . '' 
 that would be after he met with the daughter of the nine moons , which meeting would determine much . 
 dobraine looked faintly crestfallen . 
 or was that just rand 's interpretation ? 
 dobraine 's expression rarely changed . 
 was he imagining his hopes of this kingdom withering away ? 
 was he plotting against rand ? 
 `` yes , my lord . 
 i assume i 'm to leave immediately ? '' 
 dobraine has never given us reason to doubt him . 
 he even gathered support for elayne to take the sun throne ! 
 rand had been away from him too long . 
 too long to trust him . 
 but best to get him out for now ; he 'd had too much time to get a foothold here , and rand did n't trust any cairhienin to avoid games with politics . 
 `` yes , you leave within the hour , '' rand said , turning to walk up the graceful white stairs . 
 dobraine saluted , stoic as always , and left out the front doorway . 
 he obeyed immediately . 
 no word of complaint . 
 he was a good man . 
 rand knew he was . 
 light , what is happening to me ? 
 rand thought . 
 / need to trust some people . 
 do n't i ? 
 trust ... ? 
 lews therin whispered . 
 yes , perhaps we can trust him . 
 he can not channel . 
 light , the one we ca n't trust at all is ourselves ... . 
 rand clenched his jaw . 
 he would reward dobraine with the kingdom if alsalam could n't be found . 
 ituralde did n't want it . 
 the stairs rose straight and broad to a landing , then split and twisted up to the second floor , touching the landing there on two separate sides . 
 `` i need an audience chamber , '' rand said to the servants below , `` and a throne . 
 quickly . '' 
 less than ten minutes later , rand sat in a plushly decorated sitting room on the second floor , waiting for the merchant milisair chadmar to be brought to him . 
 his ornately carved white wood chair was n't quite a throne , but it would do . 
 perhaps milisair had used it for audiences herself . 
 the room did seem laid out like a throne room , with a shallowly raised dais for him to sit on . 
 both dais and floor below were covered in a textured green and red rug of fanciful design which matched the sea folk porcelain on pedestals at the corner . 
 four broad windows behind him-each large enough to walk through-ushered overcast sunlight into the room , and it fell on his back as he sat in the chair and leaned forward , one arm resting across his knees . 
 the figurine sat on the floor just before him . 
 shortly , milisair chadmar walked through the doorway past the aiel guards . 
 she wore one of those famous domani dresses . 
 it covered her body from neck to toe but was barely opaque and clung to every curve-of which she had more than her fair share . 
 the dress was of deep green , and she wore pearls at her neck . 
 her dark hair , in tight curls , hung down past her shoulders , several locks framing her face . 
 he had n't expected her to be so young , barely into her thirties . 
 it would be a shame to execute her . 
 just one day , he thought to himself , and already i think of executing a woman for not agreeing to follow me . 
 there was a time when i could barely stand to execute deserving criminals . 
 but he would do what must be done . 
 milisair 's deep curtsy seemed to imply that she accepted his authority . 
 or perhaps it was simply a means of allowing him a better view of what the dress accentuated . 
 a very domani thing to do . 
 unfortunately for her , he already had more problems with women than he knew how to handle . 
 `` my lord dragon , '' milisair said , rising from her curtsy . 
 `` how may i serve you ? '' 
 `` when was the last communication you had from king alsalam ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 he pointedly did n't give her leave to sit in one of the room 's chairs . 
 `` the king ? '' 
 she asked , surprised . 
 `` it has been weeks now . '' 
 `` i will need to speak to the messenger who brought the latest message , '' rand said . 
 `` i am not certain he can be found . '' 
 the woman sounded , flustered . 
 `` i do not keep track of the coming and going of every messenger in the city , my lord . '' 
 rand leaned forward . 
 `` do you lie to me ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 her mouth opened , perhaps in shock at his bluntness . 
 the domani were no cairhienin-who had a seemingly inborn political craftiness - but they were a subtle people . 
 particularly the women . 
 rand was neither subtle nor crafty . 
 he was a sheepherder turned conqueror , and his heart was that of a two rivers man , even if his blood was aiel . 
 whatever politicking she was used to playing , it would n't work on him . 
 he had no patience for games . 
 `` i ... '' milisair said , staring at him . 
 `` my lord dragon ... . '' 
 what was she hiding ? 
 `` what did you do with him ? '' 
 rand asked , making a guess . 
 `` the messenger ? '' 
 `` he knew nothing of the king 's location , '' milisair said quickly , the words seeming to spill from her . 
 `` my questioners were quite thorough . '' 
 `` he is dead ? '' 
 `` i. ... no , my lord dragon . '' 
 `` then you will have him brought to me . '' 
 she paled further , and glanced to one side , perhaps reflexively seeking escape . 
 `` my lord dragon , '' she said hesitantly , bringing her eyes back to him . 
 `` now that you are here , perhaps the king will remain ... hidden . 
 perhaps there is no need to seek him out further . '' 
 she thinks he 's dead too , rand thought . 
 it has made her take risks . 
 `` there is need to find alsalam , '' rand said , `` or at least discover what happened to him . 
 we need to know his fate so that you can choose a new king . 
 that is how it happens , correct ? '' 
 `` i 'm certain you can be crowned quickly , my lord dragon , '' she said smoothly . 
 `` i will not be king here , '' rand said . 
 `` bring me the messenger , milisair , and perhaps you will live to see a new king crowned . 
 you are dismissed . '' 
 she hesitated , then curtsied again and withdrew . 
 rand caught a glimpse of min standing outside with the aiel , watching the merchant depart . 
 he caught her eyes , and she looked troubled . 
 had she seen any viewings about milisair ? 
 he almost called to her , but she vanished , walking away with a quick step . 
 to the side , alivia watched her go with curiosity . 
 the former damane had stayed aloof recently , as if biding her time , waiting until she could fulfill her destiny in helping rand die . 
 he found himself standing . 
 that look in min 's eyes . 
 was she angry with him ? 
 was she remembering his hand at her neck , his knee pressing her against the floor ? 
 he sat back down . 
 min could wait . 
 `` all right , '' he said , addressing the aiel . 
 `` bring me my scribes and stewards , along with rhuarc , bael and whatever city worthies have n't fled the city or been killed in riots . 
 we need to go over the grain distribution plans . '' 
 the aiel sent runners and rand settled back into his chair . 
 he would see the people fed , restore order and gather the council of merchants . 
 he would even see that a new king was chosen . 
 but he would also find out where alsalam had gone . 
 for there , his instincts said , was the best place to find graendal . 
 it was his best lead . 
 if he did find her , he would see that she died by balefire , just like semirhage . 
 he would do what must be done . 
 chapter 30 old advice gawyn remembered very little of his father-the man had never been much of a father , to him at least-but he did have a strong memory of a day in the caemlyn palace gardens . 
 gawyn had been standing beside a small pond , pitching pebbles into it . 
 taringail had walked past down the rose march , young galad at his side . 
 the scene was still vivid in gawyn 's mind . 
 the heavy scent of the roses in full bloom . 
 the silver ripples on the pond , the minnows scattering away from the miniature boulder he 'd just tossed at them . 
 he could picture his father well . 
 tall , handsome , hair with a slight wave to it . 
 galad had been straight-backed and somber even then . 
 a few months later , galad would rescue gawyn from drowning in that very pond . 
 gawyn could hear his father speak words that he 'd never forgotten . 
 whatever else one thought of taringail damodred , this bit of advice rang true . 
 `` there are two groups of people you should never trust , '' the man had been saying to galad as they passed . 
 `` the first are pretty women . 
 the second are aes sedai . 
 light help you , son , if you ever have to face someone who is both . '' 
 light help you , son . 
 `` i simply can not see disobeying the amyrlin 's express will in this matter , '' lelaine said primly , stirring ink in the small jar on her desk . 
 no man trusted beautiful women , for all their fascination with them . 
 but few realized what taringail had said-that a pretty girl , like a coal that had cooled just enough to no longer look hot , could be far , far more dangerous . 
 lelaine was n't beautiful , but she was pretty , particularly when she smiled . 
 slender and graceful , without a speck of gray in her dark hair , an almond face with full lips . 
 she looked up at him with eyes that were far too comely to belong to a woman of her craftiness . 
 and she seemed to know . 
 she understood that she was just attractive enough to draw attention , but not stunning enough to make men wary . 
 she was a woman of the most dangerous type . 
 one who felt real , who made men think they might be able to hold her attention . 
 she was n't pretty like egwene , who made you want to spend time with her . 
 this woman 's smile made you want to count the knives on your belt and in your boot , just to make sure none of them had found their way into your back while you were distracted . 
 gawyn stood beside her writing table , shaded by the straight-topped blue tent . 
 he had n't been invited to sit , and he had not asked for the privilege . 
 talking to an aes sedai , particularly an important one , required wits and sobriety . 
 he 'd rather stand . 
 perhaps it would keep him more alert . 
 `` egwene is trying to protect you , '' gawyn said , controlling his frustration . 
 `` that 's why she commanded you to forgo a rescue . 
 she obviously does n't want you to risk yourselves . 
 she is self-sacrificing to a fault . '' 
 if she were n't , he added in his mind , she 'd never have let you all bully her into pretending to be the amyrlin seat . 
 `` she seems very confident of her safety , '' lelaine said , dipping her pen into the ink . 
 she began to write on a piece of parchment ; a note to someone . 
 gawyn politely did n't read over her shoulder , though he did notice the calculated move on her part . 
 he was unimportant enough that he could n't demand her full attention . 
 he chose not to acknowledge the insult . 
 trying to bully bryne had n't worked ; it would be even less effective with this woman . 
 `` she 's trying to put your worries at ease , lelaine sedai , '' he said instead . 
 `` i am a fair judge of people , young trakand . 
 i do not think she feels she is in danger . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 her perfume smelled of apple blossoms . 
 `` i do not doubt you , '' he replied . 
 `` but perhaps if i knew how it is you communicate with her , i could judge better . 
 if i could - '' `` you have been warned not to ask about that , child , '' lelaine said in her soft , melodious voice . 
 `` leave things of the aes sedai to the aes sedai . '' 
 virtually the same answer each sister gave when he asked how they communicated with egwene . 
 he clenched his jaw in frustration . 
 what had he expected ? 
 it involved using the one power . 
 after all his time in the white tower , he still had little idea of what the power could and could n't do . 
 `` regardless , '' lelaine continued , `` the amyrlin thinks herself quite safe . 
 what we 've discovered in shemerin 's story only reinforces and corroborates what egwene has told us . 
 elaida is so mad with power that she does n't consider the rightful amyrlin a threat . '' 
 there was more she was n't saying . 
 gawyn could tell it . 
 he could never get a straight answer from them regarding what egwene 's status was currently . 
 he 'd heard rumors that she 'd been imprisoned , no longer allowed to roam free as a novice . 
 but getting information from an aes sedai was about as easy as churning rocks into butter ! 
 gawyn took a breath . 
 he could n't lose his temper . 
 if he did that , he 'd never get lelaine to listen . 
 and he needed her . 
 bryne would n't move without aes sedai authorization , and as far as gawyn had been able to tell , his best chances of gaining it came from lelaine or romanda . 
 everyone seemed to listen to one of the two or the other . 
 fortunately , gawyn had found that he could play them off one another . 
 a visit to romanda almost always prompted an invitation from lelaine . 
 of course , the reason they were eager to see him in the first place had very little to do with egwene . 
 no doubt the conversation would move in that direction very soon . 
 `` perhaps you are right , lelaine sedai , '' he said , trying a different tack . 
 `` perhaps egwene does believe herself to be safe . 
 but is n't there a possibility that she is wrong ? 
 you ca n't honestly believe that elaida will let a woman who claimed to be amyrlin wander around the white tower free ? 
 this is obviously just a means of showing off a captured rival before executing her . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' lelaine said , continuing to write . 
 she had a flowing , ornate hand . 
 `` but must i not uphold the amyrlin , even if she is misguided ? '' 
 gawyn gave no response . 
 of course she could disobey the will of the amyrlin . 
 he knew enough of aes sedai politics to understand it was done all the time . 
 but saying that would accomplish nothing . 
 `` still , '' lelaine said absently . 
 `` perhaps i can bring a motion before the hall . 
 we might be able to persuade the amyrlin to listen to a new kind of plea . 
 we shall see if i can formulate a new argument . '' 
 `` we shall see '' or `` perhaps we can '' or `` i will consider what to do . '' 
 never a firm commitment ; every half-offer came smeared liberally with goose grease for easy escape . 
 light , but he was growing weary of aes sedai answers ! 
 lelaine looked up at him , favoring him with a smile . 
 `` now , as i have agreed to do something for you , perhaps you will be willing to offer me something . 
 great deeds are rarely accomplished without the aid of many partners , you may know . '' 
 gawyn sighed . 
 `` speak your needs , aes sedai . '' 
 `` your sister has , by all reports , made a very admirable showing for herself in andor , '' lelaine said , as if she had n't said nearly the exact same thing the last three times she 'd met with gawyn . 
 `` she did have to step on a few toes to secure her throne , however . 
 what do you think her policy will be regarding house traemane 's fruit orchards ? 
 under your mother , the tax assessments on the land were very favorable toward traemane . 
 will elayne revoke this special privilege , or will she try to use it as honey to soothe those who stood against her ? '' 
 gawyn stifled another sigh . 
 it always came back to elayne . 
 he was convinced that neither lelaine nor romanda had any real interest in rescuing egwene-they were too pleased with their increased power in her absence . 
 no , they met with gawyn because of the new queen on the lion throne . 
 he had no idea why an aes sedai of the blue ajah would care about apple orchard taxation rates . 
 lelaine would n't be looking for monetary gain ; that was n't the aes sedai way . 
 but she would want leverage , a means of securing a favorable connection with the andoran noble houses . 
 gawyn resisted answering . 
 why help this woman ? 
 what good was it doing ? 
 but yet ... could he be certain she would n't work for egwene 's release ? 
 if he stopped making these meetings useful to lelaine , would she discontinue them ? 
 would he find himself shut out of his one source of influence-no matter how small-in the camp ? 
 `` well , '' he said , `` i think that my sister will be more strict than my mother was . 
 she always has thought that the favorable position of the orchard growers was no longer justified . '' 
 he could see that lelaine subtly began taking notes on what he said at the bottom of her parchment . 
 was that the real reason for getting out the ink and quill ? 
 he had no choice but to answer as honestly as he could , though he had to be careful not to let himself get pressed for too much information . 
 his connection to elayne was the only thing he had with which to bargain , and he had to ration his usefulness to stretch it long . 
 it irked him . 
 elayne was n't a bargaining chip , she was his sister ! 
 but it was all he had . 
 `` i see , '' lelaine said , `` and what of the northern cherry orchards ? 
 they have n't been particularly productive lately , and ... . '' 
 shaking his head , gawyn left the tent . 
 lelaine had prodded him about andoran taxation rates for the better part of an hour . 
 and , once again , gawyn was uncertain if he 'd achieved anything useful in his visit . 
 he 'd never get egwene free at this rate ! 
 as always , a novice in white waited outside the tent to escort him from the inner camp . 
 this time the novice was a short , plump woman who looked more than a few years too old to have taken up the white . 
 gawyn allowed the woman to lead him through the aes sedai camp , trying to pretend that she was just a guide , rather than a guard to see that he left as instructed . 
 bryne was right ; the women did not like unnecessary bodies-soldiers in particular-wandering around their neat little imitation white tower of a village . 
 he passed bustling groups of white-clad women crossing walkways , watching him with the faint distrust the friendliest of people often gave an outsider . 
 he passed aes sedai , universally self-assured whether they wore rich silk or stiff wool . 
 he passed some groups of worker women , far more neat than those out in the soldier camp . 
 they walked with an almost aes sedai air themselves , as if they gained a measure of authority by being allowed into the real camp . 
 all these groups crisscrossed through an open square of trampled weeds that formed the common area . 
 the most confusing thing he had discovered in this camp had to do with egwene . 
 more and more , he was coming to realize that the people here really did see her as amyrlin . 
 she was n't simply a decoy set up to draw ire , nor was she a calculated insult , meant to rile elaida . 
 egwene was amyrlin to them . 
 obviously , she had been chosen because the rebels wanted someone easy to control . 
 but they did n't treat her as a puppet-both lelaine and romanda spoke of her with respect . 
 there was an advantage to egwene 's absence , since it created a void of power . 
 therefore , they accepted egwene as a source of authority . 
 was he the only one who remembered that she 'd been an accepted just months ago ? 
 she was in over her head . 
 however , she 'd also impressed the people in this camp . 
 it was like his mother 's own rise to power in andor many years before . 
 but why did she refuse to allow a rescue ? 
 traveling had been rediscovered-from what he 'd heard , egwene herself had rediscovered it ! 
 he needed to talk to her . 
 then he could judge if her unwillingness to escape came from a fear of putting others in danger , or if it was something else . 
 he unhobbled challenge from the post at the border between aes sedai and army camps , nodded farewell to his novice handler , then swung into the saddle , checking the position of the sun . 
 he turned his mount east along a pathway between army tents , and set out in a quick trot . 
 he had n't been lying when he 'd told lelaine he had another appointment ; he 'd promised to meet bryne . 
 of course , gawyn had set up the meeting because he 'd known he might need a means of escaping lelaine . 
 bryne had taught him that : it did n't show fear to prepare your retreat ahead of time . 
 it was just plain good strategy . 
 well over an hour 's ride later , gawyn found his old teacher where they 'd planned to meet : one of the outlying guard posts . 
 bryne was conducting an inspection not unlike the one gawyn had used to mask his escape from the younglings . 
 the general was just mounting his big-nosed bay gelding as gawyn trotted up , crossing the scrub grass and wan spring weeds . 
 the guard post sat in a hollow on the side of a gentle incline , with a good view of the approach from the north . 
 the soldiers stood respectfully in their general 's presence , and they veiled their hostility toward gawyn . 
 it had gotten around that he 'd led the force which had raided them so successfully . 
 a strategist like bryne could respect gawyn for his skill , no matter that they had been on opposite sides , but these men had seen colleagues killed by gawyn 's troops . 
 bryne turned his horse to the side , nodding to gawyn . 
 `` you 're later than you said you 'd be , son . '' 
 `` but not later than you expected ? '' 
 gawyn said , pulling challenge up . 
 `` not at all , '' the sturdy man said , smiling . 
 `` you were visiting aes sedai . '' 
 gawyn grinned at that , and the two turned their mounts and began to cross the open hills toward the north . 
 bryne planned to inspect all of the guard posts on the western side of tar valon , a duty that would involve a lot of riding , so gawyn had offered to accompany him . 
 there was blessed little else to do with his time ; few of the soldiers would spar with him , and those who would tried just a little too hard to cause an `` accident . '' 
 the aes sedai would only suffer so much of his prodding , and gawyn did n't have a mind for the game of stones lately . 
 he was too on edge , worried about egwene and frustrated at his lack of progress . 
 the truth was , he 'd never been very good at the game in the first place-not like his mother . 
 bryne had insisted that gawyn practice it anyway as a method of learning battlefield strategy . 
 the hillsides were scraggly with yellow weeds and larksbrush , with its tiny , faintly blue leaves and gnarled branches . 
 there should have been wildflowers coating the hills in patches , but not a single one bloomed . 
 the landscape felt sickly-yellow in patches , whitish blue in others , with generous helpings of dead brown scrub that had n't regrown after the harsh winter . 
 `` and are you going to tell me how the meeting went ? '' 
 bryne asked as they rode , a squad of soldiers following behind as an honor guard . 
 `` i 'll bet you have guessed that already as well . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' bryne said . 
 `` it is an unusual time , and strange events are common . 
 perhaps lelaine decided to forgo scheming for a time and actually listen to your pleas . '' 
 gawyn grimaced . 
 `` i think you 'd sooner find a trolloc who has taken up weaving than an aes sedai who has given up scheming . '' 
 `` i do believe that you were warned , '' bryne said . 
 there was no argument that gawyn could make , so they simply rode in silence for a short time , passing the distant river to the right . 
 beyond that , the tower and roofs of tar valon . 
 a prison . 
 `` we 'll eventually need to discuss that group of soldiers you left behind , gawyn , '' bryne said suddenly , eyes forward . 
 `` i do n't see what there is to discuss , '' gawyn said , which was n't completely truthful . 
 he had suspicions of what bryne would ask , and he did n't look forward to the conversation . 
 bryne shook his head . 
 `` i 'll need information , lad . 
 locations , troop counts , equipment lists . 
 i know you were staging from one of the villages to the east , but which one ? 
 how many are in your force , and what kind of support are elaida 's aes sedai giving them ? '' 
 gawyn kept his eyes forward . 
 `` i came to help egwene . 
 not to betray those who trusted me . '' 
 `` you already betrayed them . '' 
 `` no , '' gawyn said firmly . 
 `` i abandoned them , but i have not betrayed them . 
 and i do not intend to . '' 
 `` and you expect me to let a potential advantage die untaken ? '' 
 bryne asked , turning to him . 
 `` what you have in that brain of yours could save lives . '' 
 `` or cost lives , '' gawyn said , `` if you look at it from the other side . '' 
 `` do n't make this difficult , gawyn . '' 
 `` or what ? '' 
 gawyn asked . 
 `` you 'll put me to the question ? '' 
 `` you 'd suffer for them ? '' 
 `` they are my men , '' gawyn said simply . 
 or , at least , they were . 
 either way , he had had enough of being pushed around by circumstances and wars . 
 he would give no loyalty to the white tower , but neither would he offer it to these rebels . 
 egwene and elayne held his heart and his honor . 
 and if he could n't give it to them , he would give it to andor-and the entire world-by hunting down rand al ` thor and seeing him dead . 
 rand al ` thor . 
 gawyn did n't believe bryne 's defense of the man . 
 oh , he believed that bryne meant what he said-but he was mistaken . 
 it could happen to the best of people , taken in by the charisma of a creature like al ` thor . 
 he had fooled elayne herself . 
 the only way to help any of them would be to expose this dragon and dispose of him . 
 he looked over at bryne , who turned away . 
 he was still thinking about the younglings , likely . 
 it was unlikely that bryne would put gawyn to the question . 
 gawyn knew the general , and his sense of honor , too well . 
 it would n't happen . 
 but bryne might decide to imprison gawyn . 
 perhaps it would be wise to offer him something . 
 `` they are youths , bryne , '' gawyn said . 
 bryne frowned . 
 `` youths , '' gawyn repeated . 
 `` barely past their training . 
 they belong on the sparring field , not on the battlefield . 
 their hearts are good , and their skills sound , but they are much less a threat to you now that i am gone . 
 i was the one who knew your strategy . 
 without me , they will have a much harder time of their raids . 
 i suspect that if they continue to strike , they shall have their day with the butcher soon enough . 
 no need for me to hasten them along . '' 
 `` very well , '' bryne replied . 
 `` i will wait . 
 but if their raids continue to be effective , you will hear this question from me again . '' 
 gawyn nodded . 
 the best thing he could do for the younglings would be to help end this division between the rebels and the loyalists . 
 but that seemed far beyond the scope of what he could accomplish . 
 perhaps after he freed egwene he could think of some way to help . 
 light ! 
 they could n't really be intending to go to blows , could they ? 
 the skirmish following siuan sanche 's fall had been bad enough . 
 what would happen if armies met here , just outside of tar valon ? 
 aes sedai against aes sedai , warder fighting warder on a battlefield ? 
 a disaster . 
 `` it ca n't come to that , '' he found himself saying . 
 bryne looked at gawyn as their horses continued across the field . 
 `` you ca n't attack , bryne , '' gawyn said . 
 `` a siege is one thing . 
 but what will you do if they order you to mount an assault ? '' 
 `` what i always do , '' bryne said . 
 `` obey . '' 
 `` but - '' `` i gave my word , gawyn . '' 
 `` and how many deaths is that word worth ? 
 assaulting the white tower would be a disaster . 
 no matter how slighted these rebel aes sedai may feel , there will be no reconciliation if it happens by the sword . '' 
 `` that 's not our decision , '' bryne said . 
 he glanced at gawyn , a thoughtful expression on his face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 gawyn asked . 
 `` i 'm wondering why it matters to you . 
 i thought you were just here for egwene . '' 
 `` i. ... '' gawyn floundered . 
 `` who are you , gawyn trakand ? '' 
 bryne asked , prodding further . 
 `` what are you your allegiances , really ? '' 
 `` you know me better than most , gareth . '' 
 `` i know who you were supposed to be , '' bryne said . 
 `` first prince of the sword , trained by warders but bonded to no woman . '' 
 `` and that 's not what i am ? '' 
 gawyn asked testily . 
 `` peace , son , '' bryne said . 
 `` this was n't meant to be an insult . 
 just an observation . 
 i know you were never as single-minded as your brother . 
 i suppose i should have seen this in you . '' 
 gawyn turned toward the aging general . 
 what was the man talking about ? 
 bryne sighed . 
 `` it 's a thing most soldiers never face , gawyn . 
 oh , they may consider it , but they do n't let it torment them . 
 this question is for someone else , someone higher up . '' 
 `` what question ? '' 
 gawyn asked , perplexed . 
 `` choosing a side , '' bryne said . 
 `` and , once you 've picked one , deciding if you made the right decision . 
 the foot soldiers do n't have to make this choice , but those of us who lead ... yes , i can see it in you . 
 that skill of yours with the sword is no small gift . 
 where do you use it ? '' 
 `` for elayne , '' gawyn said quickly . 
 `` as you do now ? '' 
 bryne asked with amusement . 
 `` well , once i save egwene . '' 
 `` and if egwene wo n't go ? '' 
 bryne asked . 
 `` i know that look in your eyes , lad . 
 i also know some small bit about egwene al ` vere . 
 she wo n't leave this battlefield until a victor has been chosen . '' 
 `` i 'll take her away , '' gawyn said . 
 `` back to andor . '' 
 `` and will you force her to go ? '' 
 bryne asked . 
 `` as you forced your way into my camp ? 
 will you become a bully and a footpad , remarkable only because of your ability to kill or punish those who disagree with you ? '' 
 gawyn did n't answer . 
 `` whom to serve ? '' 
 bryne said , thoughtful . 
 `` our own skill frightens us , sometimes . 
 what is the ability to kill if one has no outlet for it ? 
 a wasted talent ? 
 the pathway to becoming a murderer ? 
 the power to protect and preserve is daunting . 
 so you look for someone to give the skill to , someone who will use it wisely . 
 the need to make a decision chews at you , even after you 've made it . 
 i see the question more in younger men . 
 we old hounds , we 're just happy to have a place by the hearth . 
 if someone tells us to fight , we do n't want to shake things up too much . 
 but the young men ... they wonder . '' 
 `` did you question , once ? '' 
 gawyn asked . 
 `` yes , '' bryne said . 
 `` more than once . 
 i was n't captain-general during the aiel war , but i was a rank-captain . 
 i wondered then , many times . '' 
 `` how could you question your side during the aiel war , of all things ? '' 
 gawyn said , frowning . 
 `` they came to slaughter . '' 
 `` they did n't come for us , '' bryne said . 
 `` they just wanted the cairhienin . 
 of course , that was n't so easy to see at first , but truth be told , some of us wondered . 
 laman deserved his death . 
 why should we die to stand in the way of it ? 
 maybe more of us should have asked the question . '' 
 `` then what 's the answer ? '' 
 gawyn asked . 
 `` where do you put your trust ? 
 whom do i serve ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' bryne said frankly . 
 `` then why ask in the first place ? '' 
 gawyn snapped , pulling his horse up short . 
 bryne reined in his animal , turning back . 
 `` i do n't know the answer because there is n't one . 
 at least , each person 's answer is their own . 
 when i was young , i fought for honor . 
 eventually , i realized that there was little honor to be found in killing , and i found that i had changed . 
 then i fought because i served your mother . 
 i trusted her . 
 when she failed me , i began to wonder again . 
 what of all those years of service ? 
 what of the men i 'd killed in her name ? 
 what did any of that mean ? '' 
 he turned and flicked his reins , moving again . 
 gawyn hasted challenge to catch up . 
 `` you wonder why i 'm here , instead of in andor ? '' 
 bryne asked . 
 `` it 's because i ca n't let go . 
 it 's because the world is changing , and i need to be part of it . 
 it 's because once everything in andor was taken from me , i needed a new place for my loyalty . 
 the pattern brought me this opportunity . '' 
 `` and you chose it just because it was there ? '' 
 `` no , '' bryne said . 
 `` i picked it because i 'm a fool . '' 
 he met gawyn 's eyes . 
 `` but i stayed because it was right . 
 that which has been broken must be made whole , and i 've seen what a terrible leader can do to a kingdom . 
 elaida ca n't be allowed to pull this world down with her . '' 
 gawyn started . 
 `` yes , '' bryne said . 
 `` i 've actually come to believe them . 
 fool women . 
 but by the light , gawyn , they 're right . 
 what i 'm doing is right . 
 she 's right . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 bryne shook his head , muttering . 
 `` bloody woman . '' 
 egwene ? 
 gawyn wondered . 
 `` my motives are n't important to you , son , '' bryne said . 
 `` you 're not one of my soldiers . 
 but you need to make some decisions . 
 in the days coming , you 'll need to have a side and you 'll need to know why you 've chosen it . 
 that 's all i 'll say on the matter . '' 
 he kicked his horse into a faster gait . 
 in the distance , gawyn could pick out another guard post . 
 he hung back as bryne and his soldiers approached it . 
 pick a side . 
 what if egwene would n't go with him ? 
 bryne was right . 
 something was coming . 
 you could smell it in the air , feel it in the weak sunlight that managed to shoulder its way through the clouds . 
 you could sense it , distantly , in the north , crackling like unseen energy on that dark horizon . 
 war , battles , conflicts , changes . 
 gawyn felt as if he did n't know what the different sides were . 
 let alone which one to pick for himself . 
 chapter 31 a promise to lews therin cadsuane kept her cloak on , hood up , despite the mugginess that strained her ability to `` ignore '' the heat . 
 she dared not lower the hood or remove the cloak . 
 althor 's words had been specific ; if he saw her face , she would be executed . 
 she would n't risk her life to prevent a few hours of discomfort , even if she thought al ` thor was safely back in his newly appropriated mansion . 
 the boy often appeared where he was n't expected or wanted . 
 she was n't about to let him exile her , of course . 
 the more power a man held , the more likely he was to be an idiot with it . 
 give a man one cow , and he 'd care for it with concern , using its milk to feed his family . 
 give a man ten cows , and he was likely to think himself rich-then let all ten starve for lack of attention . 
 she clomped down the boardwalk , passing bannered buildings like boxes stacked atop one another . 
 she was n't particularly pleased to be in bandar eban again . 
 she had nothing against the domani ; she just preferred cities that were n't so crowded . 
 and with the problems in the countryside , the place was more packed than normal . 
 refugees continued to trickle in despite the rumors regarding al ` thor 's arrival in the city . 
 she passed a cluster of them in the alley to her left , a family , faces darkened by dirt . 
 al ` thor promised food . 
 that brought hungry mouths , none eager to return to their farms , even after they were given food . 
 the countryside was still too chaotic , and the food here too new . 
 the refugees could n't be certain the grain would n't just spoil , as so much did recently . 
 no , they stayed , packing the city , crowding it . 
 cadsuane shook her head , continuing down the boardwalk , those wretched clogs clattering against the wood . 
 the city was famous for these long , sturdy walkways , which allowed foot traffic to avoid the mud of the streets . 
 cobbles would have fixed that , but the domani often prided themselves on being different from the rest of the world . 
 indigestibly spicy food with dreadful eating utensils . 
 a capital filled with frivolous banners , set on a huge port . 
 scandalous dresses on the women ; long , thin mustaches on the men and an almost sea folk-like fondness for earrings . 
 hundreds of those banners flapped in the wind as cadsuane passed , and she gritted her teeth against the temptation to pull off her hood and feel the wind on her face . 
 light-cursed ocean air . 
 normally , bandar eban was chilly and rainy . 
 rarely had she felt it this warm . 
 the humidity was dreadful either way . 
 rational people stayed inland ! 
 she made her way down several streets , crossing through the mud at intersections . 
 that was the irredeemable flaw of boardwalks , in her opinion . 
 the locals knew which streets to cut across and which ones were deep in mud , but cadsuane had to just tramp across wherever she could . 
 that 's why she 'd hunted out these clogs , built after the tairen style , to go over her shoes . 
 it had been surprisingly hard to find a merchant selling them ; the domani obviously had little interest in them , and most people she passed either went barefoot in the mud or knew where to cross and keep from soiling their shoes . 
 halfway down to the docks , she finally reached her destination . 
 the fine banner flapping out front proclaimed the inn 's name as the wind 's favor , beating against an inlaid wood front . 
 cadsuane made her way inside and took off the clogs in the muddy entryway before stepping up into the inn proper . 
 there , finally , she allowed herself to lower her hood . 
 if al ` thor randomly happened to visit this particular inn , then he 'd just have to hang her . 
 the inn 's common room was decorated more like a king 's dining hall than a tavern . 
 white tablecloths coated the tables , and the varnished wooden floor was mopped to a shine . 
 the walls were hung with tasteful still-life paintings-a bowl of fruit on the wall behind the bar , a vase of flowers on the wall opposite it . 
 the bottles on the ledge behind the bar were almost all wine , very few bottles of brandy or other liquors . 
 the slender innkeeper , quillin tasil , was a tall , oval-faced andoran man . 
 thinning on top with dark , short hair at the sides of his head , he wore a full beard , trimmed short , which was almost all gray . 
 his fine lavender coat had white ruffled cuffs peeking out from the sleeves , but he wore an innkeeper 's apron over the front . 
 he generally had had good information , but was also willing to look into inquiries for her among his associates . 
 a very useful man indeed . 
 he smiled at cadsuane as she entered , wiping his hands on a towel . 
 he gestured her toward a table , then went back to the bar to fetch some wine . 
 cadsuane settled herself as two men on the other side of the room began to argue loudly . 
 the other patrons-only four , two women at a table on the far side , two more men at the bar-paid the argument no heed . 
 one could n't spend much time in arad doman without learning to ignore the frequent flares in temper . 
 domani men were as hotheaded as volcanoes , and most people agreed that domani women were the reason . 
 these two men did not turn to a duel , as would have been common in ebou dar . 
 instead , they shouted for a few moments , then began to agree with each other , then insisted on buying one another wine . 
 fights were common ; bloodshed infrequent . 
 injuries were bad for business . 
 quillin approached , bearing a cup of wine-it would be one of his finest vintages . 
 she never requested such from him , but never complained either . 
 `` mistress shore , '' he said with his affable voice , `` i wish i 'd known earlier that you were back in town ! 
 the first i heard of it was your letter ! '' 
 cadsuane took the offered cup . 
 `` i am not accustomed to giving reports on my whereabouts to every acquaintance , master tasil . '' 
 `` of course not , of course not , '' he said , and seemed completely unof-fended at her sharp response . 
 she 'd never been able to get a rise out of him . 
 that had always made her curious . 
 `` the inn seems to be doing well , '' she said politely , causing him to turn and look over his few patrons . 
 they seemed uncomfortable to be sitting at immaculate tables atop a gleaming floor . 
 cadsuane was n't certain if it was the intimidating cleanliness that kept people away from the wind 's favor , or if it was quillin 's insistence on never hiring gleemen or musicians to perform . 
 he claimed they spoiled the atmosphere . 
 as she watched , he noticed that a new patron entered , tracking in mud . 
 she could see quillin 's fingers itching to go scrub the floor . 
 `` you there , '' quillin called to the man . 
 `` scrape your shoes before coming in , if you please . '' 
 the man froze , frowning , but went back to do as instructed . 
 quillin sighed and moved over to sit at her table . 
 `` frankly , mistress shore , it gets a little too busy here lately for my tastes . 
 ca n't keep track of all my patrons sometimes ! 
 people go without drink , waiting for me to get to them . '' 
 `` you could hire help , '' she noted . 
 `` a serving girl or two . '' 
 `` what ? 
 and let them have all the fun ? '' 
 he said it in all seriousness . 
 cadsuane took a sip of her wine . 
 an excellent vintage indeed , perhaps expensive enough that an inn-no matter how splendid-shouldn ' t have had it readily available behind the bar . 
 she sighed . 
 quillin 's do-mani wife was one of the most accomplished silk merchants in the city ; many sea folk vessels sought her out personally to trade with her . 
 quillin had kept accounts for his wife 's business for some twenty years before he had retired , both of them wealthy . 
 and what did he do with it ? 
 open an inn . 
 it had apparently always been a dream of his . 
 cadsuane had learned long ago to stop questioning the odd penchants of people with too much free time . 
 `` what news of the city , quillin ? '' 
 she asked , sliding a small bag of coins across the table toward him . 
 `` mistress , you offend , '' he said , raising his hands . 
 `` i could n't take your coin ! '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i have little patience for games today , master tasil . 
 if you do n't want it yourself , then give it to the poor . 
 light knows there are enough of those in the city these days . '' 
 he sighed , but reluctantly pocketed the purse . 
 perhaps that was why his common room was often empty ; an innkeeper who had no regard for money was a strange beast . 
 many of the common men would find quillin as discomforting as the immaculate floor and tasteful decorations . 
 quillin was , however , very good for information . 
 his wife shared her gossip with him . 
 with her face , he obviously knew she was aes sedai . 
 namine-his eldest daughter-had gone to the white tower , eventually choosing the brown and settling into the library there . 
 a domani librarian was nothing unusual-the terhana library in bandar eban was one of the greatest in the world . 
 however , namine 's casual , yet keen , understanding of current events had been enough of a curiosity that cadsuane had followed the connection , hoping to discover well-placed parents . 
 ties such as a daughter in the white tower often made people amiable toward other aes sedai . 
 that had led her to quillin . 
 cadsuane did n't trust him entirely , but she was fond of him . 
 `` what news of the city ? '' 
 quillin asked . 
 honestly , what innkeeper wore a silk embroidered vest beneath his apron ? 
 no wonder people found the inn strange . 
 `` where should i start ? 
 there has almost been too much to keep track of lately ! '' 
 `` start with alsalam , '' cadsuane said , sipping her wine . 
 `` when was he last seen ? '' 
 `` by credible witnesses , or by hearsay ? '' 
 `` tell me both . '' 
 `` there have been lesser windborn and merchants who claim to have received personal communication from the king as recently as a week ago , my lady , but i regard such claims with skepticism . 
 very soon after the king 's ... hiatus began you could find forged letters claiming to dictate his wishes . 
 i have seen some few sets of orders with my own eyes that i trust-or , at least , i trust the seal on them-but the king himself ? 
 i 'd say it has been almost half a year since anyone i can vouch for has seen him . '' 
 `` his whereabouts , then ? '' 
 the innkeeper shrugged , looking apologetic . 
 `` for a while , we were certain that the council of merchants was behind the disappearance . 
 they rarely let the king out of their sight , and with the troubles to the south , we all assumed they 'd taken his majesty to safety . '' 
 `` but ? '' 
 `` but my sources , '' that meant his wife , `` are n't convinced any longer . 
 the council of merchants has been too disorganized lately , each member trying to keep their own chunk of arad doman from unraveling . 
 if they 'd had the king , they 'd have revealed him by now . '' 
 cadsuane tapped the side of her cup with a fingernail , annoyed . 
 could there be truth , then , to the al ` thor boy 's belief that one of the forsaken had alsalam ? 
 `` what else ? '' 
 `` there are aiel in the city , lady , '' quillin said , scrubbing at an invisible spot on the tabletop . 
 she gave him a flat stare . 
 `` i had n't noticed . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` yes , yes , obvious , i suppose . 
 but the exact number in the area is twenty-four thousand . 
 some say the dragon reborn has them here just to prove his power and authority . 
 after all , who ever heard of aiel distributing food ? 
 half the poor in the city are too frightened to go to the handouts , for fear the aiel have used some of their poisons on the grain . '' 
 `` aiel poisons ? '' 
 she 'd never heard that particular rumor before . 
 quillin nodded . 
 `` some claim that as the reason for the food spoilages , my lady . '' 
 `` but food was spoiling in the country long before the aiel arrived , was n't it ? '' 
 `` yes , yes , of course , '' quillin said . 
 `` but it can be hard to remember things like that in the face of so much bad grain . 
 besides , spoilage has grown much worse since the lord dragon arrived . '' 
 cadsuane covered her frown by taking a sip of wine . 
 it had grown worse with al ` thor 's arrival ? 
 was that just rumor , or was it the truth ? 
 she lowered her cup . 
 `` and the other strange occurrences in the city ? '' 
 she asked carefully , to see what she could discover . 
 `` you 've heard of those , then ? '' 
 quillin said , leaning in . 
 `` people do n't like to speak of them , of course , but my sources hear things . 
 stillborn children , men dying from falls that should barely have caused a bruise , stones toppling from buildings and striking women dead as they trade . 
 dangerous times , my lady . 
 i hate to pass on mere hearsay , but i 've seen the numbers myself ! '' 
 the events were not , in themselves , unexpected . 
 `` of course , there are the balances . '' 
 `` balances ? '' 
 `` marriages on the rise , '' she said , waving a hand , `` children who encounter wild beasts but escape unharmed , unexpected fortunes discovered beneath the floorboards of a pauper 's home . 
 that sort of thing . '' 
 `` that certainly would be nice , '' quillin said , chuckling . 
 `` we can wish and hope , my lady . '' 
 `` you 've heard no such stories ? '' 
 cadsuane asked with surprise . 
 `` no , my lady . 
 i can ask around , if you wish . '' 
 `` do so . '' 
 al ` thor was ta ` veren , but the pattern was a thing of balance . 
 for every accidental death caused by rand 's presence in a city , there was always a miraculous survival . 
 what did it mean if that was breaking down ? 
 she went on to specific questions for quillin , the whereabouts of the members of the merchant council at the top of the list . 
 she knew that the al ` thor boy wanted to capture them all ; if she could get information about their locations that he did n't have , it could be very useful . 
 she also asked quillin to find out the economic situation of the other major do-mani cities and supply any news of rebel factions or taraboners striking across the border . 
 as she left the inn-reluctantly raising her hood and stepping back into the muggy afternoon-she found that quillin 's words had left her with more questions than she 'd had when she 'd come . 
 it looked like rain . 
 of course , that was always the way it looked lately . 
 overcast and dreary , with a gray sky and clouds that bled together in a uniform haze . 
 at least it had actually rained the previous night ; for some reason , that made the overcast sky more bearable . 
 as if it were more natural , allowing her to pretend that the perpetual gloom was n't another sign of the dark one 's stirring . 
 he had withered the people with a drought , he had frozen them with a sudden winter , and now he seemed determined to destroy them through sheer melancholy . 
 cadsuane shook her head , tapping her clogs to make sure they were sturdily affixed , then walked onto the muddied boardwalk and made her way down toward the docks . 
 she would see just how accurate these rumors about spoilage were . 
 had the strange events surrounding althor really grown more destructive , or was she just allowing herself to find what she feared ? 
 al ` thor . 
 she had to face the truth : she had bungled her handling of him . 
 of course , she had n't made any mistakes with the male a ` dam , whatever al ` thor claimed . 
 whomever had stolen the collar had been exceedingly powerful and crafty . 
 anyone capable of such a feat could just as easily have fetched another male a ` dam from the seanchan . 
 they were likely to have plenty of them . 
 no , the a ` dam had been taken from her own room in an effort to sow distrust ; of that she was certain . 
 perhaps , even , the theft had been intended to mask something else : the returning of the figurine to al ` thor . 
 his temperament had become so dark , there was no telling what destruction he could cause with that . 
 the poor , foolish boy . 
 he should never have had to suffer collaring at the hands of one of the forsaken ; that would only remind him of the times he had been beaten and caged by aes sedai . 
 it would make her job more difficult . 
 if not impossible . 
 that was the question she had to face now . 
 was he beyond saving ? 
 was it too late to change him ? 
 and if it was , what-if anything-could she do ? 
 the dragon reborn had to meet the dark one at shayol ghul . 
 if he did not , all was lost . 
 but what if allowing him to meet the dark one would be equally disastrous ? 
 no . 
 she refused to believe that their battle had already been lost . 
 there had to be something that could be done to change al ` thor 's direction . 
 but what ? 
 al ` thor had n't reacted like most peasants suddenly granted power ; he had n't grown selfish or petty . 
 he had n't hoarded wealth , nor had he struck with childish vengeance against any who had slighted him in his youth . 
 indeed , there had actually been a wisdom to many of his decisions - the ones that did n't involve gallivanting into danger . 
 cadsuane continued down the boardwalk , passing domani refugees in their incongruously bright clothing . 
 she occasionally had to step around clusters of them sitting on the damp logs , an impromptu camp growing up around the mouth to an alleyway or the unused side door of a building . 
 none made way for her . 
 what good was an aes sedai face if you covered it up ? 
 this city was just too packed . 
 cadsuane slowed near a row of pennants which spelled out the name of the dock registrar . 
 the docks themselves were just ahead , lined by twice as many sea folk ships as before , many of them rakers , the largest of sea folk vessels . 
 more than a few were converted seanchan ships , likely stolen from ebou dar during the mass escape a short while back . 
 the docks were crowded with people eager for grain . 
 the crowds jostled and yelled , not looking at all worried about the `` poisons '' quillin had mentioned . 
 of course , starvation could overcome a great number of fears . 
 dock workers controlled the crowds ; among them were aiel in brown cadin ` sor , holding their spears and glaring as only aiel could . 
 there also appeared to be a fair number of merchants on the docks , probably hoping to secure some of the handouts for storage and later sale . 
 the docks looked much as they had every day since al ` thor 's arrival . 
 what had made her pause ? 
 there seemed to be a prickling sensation on her back , as if . 
 ... she spun to find a procession riding down the muddy street . 
 al ` thor sat proudly on his dark stallion , his clothing colored to match , with only a little red embroidery . 
 as usual , he led a score of soldiers , advisors and a growing number of domani sycophants . 
 she seemed to encounter him very frequently traveling the streets . 
 she forced herself to hold her ground , not shying away into an alley , though she did pull her hood down a little lower to shade her face . 
 al ` thor gave no sign that he recognized her as he rode just in front of her . 
 he seemed troubled by his own thoughts , as he often was . 
 she wanted to yell at him that he needed to move more quickly , secure the crown of arad doman and move on , but she held her tongue . 
 she would not let her nearly three hundred years of life end with an execution at the hands of the dragon reborn ! 
 his retinue passed . 
 as before , when she turned away from him , she thought she saw ... from the corner of her eye ... darkness around him , like too much shade from the clouds above . 
 whenever she looked directly at him , it vanished-in fact , whenever she tried to see it , she could n't make it out . 
 it only appeared when she saw him indirectly , and by happenstance . 
 she had never read or heard of such a thing in all of her years . 
 to see it around the dragon reborn terrified her . 
 this had grown bigger than her pride , much larger than her failures . 
 no . 
 it had always been larger than she was . 
 guiding al ` thor was n't like guiding a galloping horse , it was like trying to guide a deep sea tempest itself ! 
 she would never be able to change his course . 
 he did n't trust aes sedai , and with good reason . 
 he did n't seem to trust anyone , save perhaps for min-but min had resisted every attempt that cadsuane had made at involving her . 
 the girl was almost as bad as al ` thor . 
 visiting the docks was useless . 
 talking to her informants was useless . 
 if she did n't do something soon , they were all doomed . 
 but what ? 
 she leaned back against the building behind her , triangular banners blowing in front of her , pointing north . 
 toward the blight and al ` thor 's ultimate destiny . 
 an idea struck her . 
 she seized it like a drowning woman in the churning waves . 
 she did n't know what it was attached to , but it was her only hope . 
 she spun on her heels and hurried back the way she had come , her head bowed , barely daring to think about her plan . 
 it could fail so easily . 
 if al ` thor really was as dominated by his rage as she feared , then even this would not help him . 
 but if he really was that far gone , then there was n't anything that would help him . 
 that meant she had nothing to lose . 
 nothing but the world itself . 
 pushing her way through crowds and occasionally taking to the muddy street to avoid them , she arrived at the mansion . 
 some aiel had taken the camp where dobraine 's armsmen had staged until his withdrawal . 
 they camped all about , some on the grounds , some in a wing of the mansion , others in nearby buildings . 
 cadsuane made her way to the wing that belonged to the aiel , and she was not stopped . 
 she enjoyed privileges among the aiel that none of the other sisters had been given . 
 she found sorilea and the other wise ones in conference in one of the libraries . 
 they were sitting on the floor , of course . 
 sorilea nodded to cadsuane as she entered . 
 she was all bone , thin and leathery , yet never could a person think her frail . 
 not with those eyes , set into a face that , despite being worn by wind and sun , was too young for her age . 
 how was it that the wise ones could live so long , yet not obtain the aes sedai agelessness ? 
 that was a question cadsuane had not been able to answer . 
 she lowered her hood and joined the wise ones , seating herself on the floor , eschewing cushions . 
 she looked sorilea in the eyes . 
 `` i have failed , '' she said . 
 the wise one nodded , as if she had thought this same thing . 
 cadsuane forced herself not to show her annoyance . 
 `` there is no shame in failure , '' bair said , `` when that failure was the fault of another . '' 
 amys nodded . 
 `` the car ` a ` earn is stubborn beyond all men , cadsuane sedai . 
 you have no toh toward us . '' 
 `` shame or toh , '' cadsuane said , `` it will all be irrelevant soon . 
 but i have a plan . 
 will you help me ? '' 
 the wise ones shared a look among them . 
 `` what is this plan ? '' 
 sorilea asked . 
 cadsuane smiled , then began to explain . 
 rand glanced over his shoulder , watching cadsuane scuttle away . 
 she probably thought that he had n't noticed her hiding there at the side of the street . 
 the cloak hid her face , but nothing could conceal that self-assured posture , not even the clumsy footgear . 
 even as she hurried , she seemed in control , and others moved out of her way reflexively . 
 she flirted with his prohibition , following him through the town like this . 
 however , she had not shown him her face , and so he let her go . 
 it had probably been a poor move to exile her in the first place , but there was no going back now . 
 he would just have to control his temper in the future . 
 keep it wrapped in ice , steaming deep inside his chest , pulsing like a second heart . 
 he turned back to the docks . 
 perhaps there was no reason for him to check on the food distribution directly . 
 however , he had found that the grain had a distinctly higher chance of getting to those who needed it if everyone knew they were being watched . 
 this was a people who had been without a king for too long ; they deserved to see that someone was in control . 
 upon reaching the wharf , he turned tai ` daishar to angle along the back of the docks , moving at an unhurried pace . 
 he glanced at the asha ` man riding beside him . 
 naeff had a strong , rectangular face and the lean build of a warrior ; he 'd been a soldier in the queen 's guard of andor before resigning in disgust during the reign of `` lord gaebril . '' 
 naeff had found his way to the black tower , and now wore both the sword and dragon . 
 eventually , rand would probably have to either let naeff return to his aes sedai-he had been among the first ones bonded-or bring her to him . 
 he was loath to have another aes sedai nearby , although nelavaire demasiellin , a green , was relatively pleasant as aes sedai went . 
 `` continue , '' rand said to naeff as they rode . 
 the asha ` man had been running messages and meeting with the seanchan with bashere . 
 `` well , my lord , '' naeff said , `` it 's just my gut feeling , but i do n't think they 'll accept katar for the meeting place . 
 they always grow difficult when lord bashere or i mention it , claiming they will have to seek further instructions from the daughter of the nine moons . 
 their tones imply that the ` instructions ' will be that the location is unacceptable . '' 
 rand spoke softly . 
 `` katar is neutral ground , neither in arad doman nor deep within seanchan lands . '' 
 `` i know , my lord . 
 we 've tried . 
 i promise that we have . '' 
 `` very well , '' rand said . 
 `` if they continue to be bullheaded about this , i will choose another location . 
 return to them and say we will meet at falme . '' 
 from behind , flinn whistled quietly . 
 `` my lord , '' naeff said . 
 `` that 's well within the seanchan border . '' 
 `` i know , '' rand said , glancing at flinn . 
 `` but it has a ... certain historic significance . 
 we will be safe ; these seanchan are bound rigidly by their honor . 
 they will not attack if we arrive under a banner of truce . '' 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 naeff asked quietly . 
 `` i do n't like the way they look at me , my lord . 
 there 's contempt in their eyes , every one of them . 
 contempt and pity , as if i 'm some lost hound , searching for scraps behind the inn . 
 burn me , but it makes me sick . '' 
 `` they 've got those collars of theirs handy , my lord , '' flinn said . 
 `` flag of truce or not , they 'll be itching to bind us all . '' 
 rand closed his eyes , keeping the rage inside , feeling the salty sea air blow across him . 
 he opened his eyes to a sky bounded by dark clouds . 
 he would not think of the collar at his neck , his hand strangling min . 
 that was the past . 
 he was harder than steel . 
 he could not be broken . 
 `` we must have peace with the seanchan , '' he said . 
 `` differences notwithstanding . '' 
 `` differences ? '' 
 flinn asked . 
 `` i do n't rightly think i 'd call that a difference , my lord . 
 they want to enslave every one of us , maybe execute us . 
 they think it 's a favor to do either ! '' 
 rand held the man 's gaze . 
 flinn was not rebellious ; he was as loyal as they came . 
 but still rand made him wilt and bow his head . 
 dissension could not be tolerated . 
 dissension and lies had brought him to the collar . 
 no more . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my lord , '' flinn finally said . 
 `` burn me if falme is n't a fine choice ! 
 you 'll have them watching the skies with fear , you will . '' 
 `` go with the message now , naeff , '' rand said . 
 `` i want this settled . '' 
 naeff nodded , turning his horse and trotting away from the column , a small group of aiel guards joining him . 
 one could only travel from a place one knew well , and so he could n't simply leave from dockside . 
 rand continued his ride , troubled by lews therin 's silence . 
 the madman had been unusually distant lately . 
 that should have pleased rand , but it disturbed him instead . 
 it had to do with the unnamed power that rand had touched . 
 he still often heard the madman weeping , whispering to himself , terrified . 
 `` rand ? '' 
 he turned , not having heard nynaeve 's horse approach . 
 she wore a bold green dress , modest by domani standards , but still far more revealing than she 'd ever have considered during her days in the two rivers . 
 she has a right to change , rand thought . 
 what is a loosening of dress compared to the fact that i have ordered exiles and executions ? 
 `` what did you decide ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` we will meet them at falme , '' he said . 
 she muttered quietly . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` oh , just something about you being a wool-headed fool , '' she said , looking at him with defiant eyes . 
 `` falme will be agreeable to them , '' he said . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` it puts you perfectly within their hands . '' 
 `` i can not afford to wait , nynaeve , '' he said . 
 `` this is a risk we must take . 
 but i doubt they will attack . '' 
 `` did you doubt it last time too ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the time when they took your hand ? '' 
 he glanced down at his stump . 
 `` they are unlikely to have one of the forsaken with them this time . '' 
 `` you can be sure ? '' 
 he met her eyes , and she held them , something few people could seem to manage these days . 
 finally , he shook his head . 
 `` i can not be sure . '' 
 she sniffed in response , indicating that she 'd won that argument . 
 `` well , we 'll just have to be extra careful . 
 perhaps memories of the last time you visited falme will make them uncomfortable . '' 
 `` i hope so , '' he said . 
 she muttered something else to herself , but he did n't catch it . 
 ny-naeve would never make an ideal aes sedai ; she was far too free with her emotions , particularly her temper . 
 rand did not find it a fault ; at least he always knew where he stood with nynaeve . 
 she was terrible at games , and that made her valuable . 
 he trusted her . 
 she was one of the few . 
 we do trust her , do n't we ? 
 lews therin asked . 
 can we ? 
 rand did n't answer . 
 he completed his review of the docks . 
 nynaeve stayed at his side . 
 she seemed to be in a dark mood , though rand could n't see why . 
 with cadsuane 's banishment , nynaeve could fill the role as his primary advisor . 
 did n't that please her ? 
 perhaps she was worried about lan . 
 as rand turned his procession back toward the center of town , he asked , `` have you heard from him ? '' 
 nynaeve glanced at him , eyes narrowing . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` you know who , '' rand said , riding past a row of bright red banners waving atop a line of homes , each holding scions of the same family . 
 `` his actions are none of your concern , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` the entire world is my concern , nynaeve . '' 
 he looked at her . 
 `` would you not agree ? '' 
 she opened her mouth , no doubt to snap at him , but faltered as she met his eyes . 
 light , he thought , seeing the apprehension in her face . 
 / can do it to nynaeve , now . 
 what is it that they see when they look at me ? 
 that look in her eyes almost made him frightened of himself . 
 `` lan will be well , '' nynaeve said , looking away . 
 `` he has ridden to malkier , has n't he ? '' 
 she flushed . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` he has n't gotten to the blight already , has he ? '' 
 turned loose to follow what he saw as both his duty and destiny , lan would ride straight to malkier alone . 
 the kingdom-his kingdom-had been consumed by the blight decades ago , when he 'd been a babe . 
 `` two or three more months , '' she said . 
 `` perhaps a little longer . 
 he rides to shienar to stand at the gap , even if he has to do so alone . '' 
 `` he seeks vengeance , '' rand said softly . '' 
 ` to avenge what can not be defended . ' '' 
 `` he does his duty ! '' 
 nynaeve said . 
 `` but ... i do worry at his brash-ness . 
 he insisted that i take him to the borderlands , so i did , but i left him in saldaea . 
 i wanted him as far from the gap as possible . 
 he 'll have to cross some difficult terrain to get where he 's going . '' 
 rand felt an icy coldness as he considered lan riding to the gap . 
 to his death , essentially . 
 but there was nothing to be done about that . 
 `` i am sorry , nynaeve , '' he said , though he did not feel it . 
 he had trouble feeling anything lately . 
 `` you think i 'd send him alone ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` wool-headed , both of you ! 
 i 've seen that he 'll have his own army , although he does n't want one . '' 
 and she was perfectly capable of it . 
 perhaps she 'd sent warning to the remnants of the malkieri in lan 's name . 
 lan was a strange mixture ; he refused to raise the banner of malkier or claim his place as its king , for he feared leading the last of his countrymen to their deaths . 
 yet he would be perfectly willing to ride to that same death himself in the name of honor . 
 is that what i do ? 
 rand thought . 
 ride to my death in the name of honor ? 
 but no , it 's different . 
 lan has a choice . 
 there were no prophecies saying that lan would die , whatever the man 's assumptions about his own fate . 
 `` he could use some help regardless , '' nynaeve said uncomfortably . 
 asking for help always made her uncomfortable . 
 `` his army will be small . 
 i doubt they 'll stand long against the trollocs . '' 
 `` will he attack ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 nynaeve hesitated . 
 `` he did n't say , '' she said . 
 `` but yes , i think he will . 
 he thinks you are wasting time here , rand . 
 if he arrives and gathers an army , and finds trollocs gathered at tarwin 's gap ... yes , i think he 'll attack . '' 
 `` then he deserves what he will get , for riding without the rest of us , '' rand said . 
 nynaeve scowled at him . 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 `` i must , '' rand replied softly . 
 `` the last battle is imminent . 
 perhaps my own attack on the blight will happen at the same time as lan 's . 
 perhaps not . '' 
 he paused thoughtfully . 
 if lan and whatever army he brought engaged at the gap ... perhaps that would draw attention . 
 if rand did n't attack there , it would throw off the shadow . 
 he could strike them where they did n't expect it while their eyes were on lan . 
 `` yes , '' rand said thoughtfully . 
 `` his death could serve me well indeed . '' 
 nynaeve 's eyes widened in fury , but rand ignored them . 
 a very quiet place , deep inside of him , was struck with worry over his friend . 
 he had to ignore that worry , silence it . 
 but that voice whispered to him . 
 he named you friend . 
 do not abandon him ... . 
 nynaeve controlled her anger , which impressed rand . 
 `` we will speak of this again , '' she said to him , voice curt . 
 `` perhaps after you 've had a chance to think on exactly what abandoning lan would mean . '' 
 he liked to think of nynaeve as the same belligerent wisdom who had bullied him back in the two rivers . 
 she 'd always seemed as if she tried too hard , as if she had worried that others would ignore her title because of her youth . 
 but she had grown a lot since then . 
 they reached the mansion , where fifty of bashere 's soldiers stood guard before the gates . 
 they saluted in unison as rand passed through them . 
 he passed aiel camped outside , dismounted at the stables and transferred the access key from its loop on his saddle to the oversized pocket of his coat-more of a pouch , buttoned into his coat-designed for the statuette . 
 the hand holding its globe aloft reached out of its depths . 
 he went to his throne room . 
 he could n't call it anything other than that , now that the king 's throne had been brought to him . 
 it was oversized , with gilding and gemstones affixed to the wood at the arms and to the back , above the head . 
 they protruded like budding eyes , giving the throne an ornate richness that rand disliked . 
 it had n't been in the palace . 
 one of the local merchants had been `` protecting '' it from the riots . 
 perhaps he had considered seizing the seat in a more figurative sense as well . 
 rand sat on the throne , despite its gaudiness , shifting so that the access key in his pocket did n't jab him in the side . 
 the powerful in the city were n't certain what to think of him , and he preferred it that way . 
 he did n't name himself king , yet his armies secured the capital . 
 he spoke of restoring alsalam 's place to him , yet sat on the throne as if he had a right to it . 
 he had not moved into the palace . 
 he wanted them to wonder . 
 in truth , he had n't made a decision . 
 a lot would depend on this day 's reports . 
 he nodded to rhuarc as he entered ; the muscular aielman returned the gesture . 
 then rand stepped down from the throne and he and rhuarc sat down on the circular rug of spiraling colors which lay on the floor in front of the green-carpeted dais . 
 the first time they 'd done this , it had caused a quiet stir among the domani attendants and functionaries of rand 's growing court . 
 `` we have located and taken another of them , rand al ` thor , '' rhuarc said . 
 `` alamindra cutren was hiding on her cousin 's lands near the northern border ; what we learned on her estate led us directly to her . '' 
 that made four members of the merchant council in his custody . 
 `` what of meashan dubaris ? 
 you said you might have her as well . '' 
 `` dead , '' rhuarc said . 
 `` by the hands of a mob a week gone . '' 
 `` you are certain of this ? 
 it could be a lie to set you off her track . '' 
 `` i have not seen the body myself , '' rhuarc said , `` but men i trust have , and they say it matches her description . 
 i am reasonably assured that the trail was genuine . '' 
 four captured , and two dead , then . 
 that left four more to locate before he had enough members to order a new vote for king . 
 it would not be the most ethical council election in domani history ; why did he bother ? 
 he could appoint a king , or name himself to the throne . 
 why did he care what the domani thought proper ? 
 rhuarc watched him ; the aiel chief 's eyes were thoughtful . 
 he likely wondered the same things . 
 `` keep searching , '' rand said . 
 `` i do not intend to take arad doman for myself ; we will find the rightful king or we will see the council of merchants assembled so that they can choose a new one . 
 i will not care who it is , so long as he is not a darkfriend . '' 
 `` as you say , car ` a ` carn , '' rhuarc said , moving to rise . 
 `` order is important , rhuarc , '' rand said . 
 `` i do n't have time to secure this kingdom myself . 
 we do n't have long before the last battle . '' 
 he glanced at nynaeve , who had joined several maidens at the back of the small room . 
 `` i want four more members of the merchant council in our possession by the end of the month . '' 
 `` you set a demanding pace , rand al ` thor , '' rhuarc said . 
 rand stood up . 
 `` just find me those merchants . 
 these people deserve leaders . '' 
 `` and the king ? '' 
 rand glanced to the side , to where milisair chadmar stood , carefully watched by aiel guards . 
 she seemed ... haggard . 
 her once-luxurious raven hair had been pulled up into a bun , obviously because it was easier to care for that way . 
 her dress was still rich , but now wrinkled , as if she 'd been wearing it for too long . 
 her eyes were red . 
 she was still beautiful , but much in the way that a painting would still be beautiful if it were crumpled up , then smoothed out on a table . 
 `` may you find water and shade , rhuarc , ' rand said in dismissal . 
 `` may you find water and shade , rand al ` thor . '' 
 the tall aiel withdrew , some of his spears following him . 
 rand took a deep breath , then stepped up to the gaudy throne and sat . 
 rhuarc he treated with the respect he deserved . 
 the others ... well , they would get the respect they deserved as well . 
 he leaned forward , motioning milisair to approach . 
 one of the maidens nudged her in the back , forcing her forward . 
 the woman looked far more apprehensive than she had the last time she had come before rand . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` my lord dragon ... '' she began , glancing around , as if seeking aid from the domani stewards and attendants who stood there . 
 they ignored her ; even the fop lord ramshalan looked the other way . 
 `` speak , woman , '' rand demanded . 
 `` the messenger you asked after , '' she said . 
 `` he is dead . '' 
 rand took in a deep breath . 
 `` and how did this happen ? '' 
 `` the men i assigned to watch after him , '' she said quickly , `` i had n't realized how poorly they were treating the messenger ! 
 why , they had n't given him water for days , and the fevers struck . 
 ... '' `` in other words , '' rand said , `` you failed to extract information from him , so you left him in a dungeon to rot , only remembering where he was when i demanded he be produced . '' 
 `` car ` a ` carn , '' one of the maidens-a very young woman named jalani-said , stepping forward . 
 `` we found this one packing her things , as if she were planning to escape the city . '' 
 milisair paled visibly . 
 `` lord dragon , '' she said . 
 `` a moment of weakness ! 
 i - '' rand waved for silence . 
 `` what am i to do with you now ? '' 
 `` she should be executed , my lord ! '' 
 ramshalan said , stepping forward eagerly . 
 rand looked up with a frown . 
 he had n't been asking for a response . 
 lanky , with one of the thin black domani mustaches , ramshalan had a prominent nose that might have indicated some saldaean forebear . 
 he wore an outrageous coat of blue , orange and yellow , with ruffled white cuffs peeking out underneath . 
 apparently , such things passed for fashionable among some segments of the domani upper crust . 
 his earrings bore the mark of his house , and he had a black beauty mark in the shape of a bird in flight affixed to his check . 
 rand had known many like him , courtiers with too few brains but too many family connections . 
 noble life seemed to breed them , much as the two rivers bred sheep . 
 ramshalan was particularly annoying because of his nasal voice and eager willingness to betray others in his desire to curry favor with rand . 
 still , men like him had their uses . 
 occasionally . 
 `` what do you think , milisair ? '' 
 rand said musingly . 
 `` should i have you executed for treason , as this man suggests ? '' 
 she did not weep , but she was obviously terrified , her hands shaking as she held them out , her eyes wide , unblinking . 
 `` no , '' rand said finally . 
 `` i need you to help choose a new king . 
 what good would it do to search the countryside for your colleagues if i began to execute the council members i 've already found ? '' 
 she let out the breath she had been holding , and tension left her shoulders `` lock her in the same dungeon where she imprisoned the king 's messenger , '' rand said to the maidens . 
 `` make sure she does n't suffer the same fate-at least , not until after i 'm finished with her . '' 
 milisair cried out in despair . 
 aiel maidens pulled her from the room screaming , but rand had already put her from his head . 
 ramshalan watched her go with satisfaction ; apparently , she 'd insulted him several times in public . 
 that was one point in her favor . 
 `` the other members of the merchant council , '' rand said to the functionaries . 
 `` have any of them had contact with the king ? '' 
 `` none more recently than four or five months ago , my lord , '' said one of them , a stumpy , large-bellied domani man named noreladim . 
 `` though we do n't know about alamindra , as she was just recently ... discovered . '' 
 perhaps she would have news , though he could n't see her having a better lead than a messenger who claimed to have come from alsalam himself . 
 burn that woman for letting him die ! 
 if graendal sent the messenger , lews therin said suddenly , i 'd have never been able to break him . 
 she 's too good with compulsion . 
 crafty , so crafty . 
 rand hesitated . 
 it was a good point . 
 if the messenger had been subject to graendal 's compulsion , there would have been little chance of him being able to betray her location . 
 not unless the web of compulsion had been lifted , which would have required a healing beyond rand 's skill . 
 graendal had always covered her tracks well . 
 but he was n't sure she was in the country . 
 if he could find a messenger and compulsion was there , he 'd have enough . 
 `` i need to speak with anyone else who claims to have a message from the king , '' he said . 
 `` others in the city who might have had contact . '' 
 `` they will be found , lord dragon , '' said the prim ramshalan . 
 rand nodded absently . 
 if naeff set up the meeting with the seanchan as hoped , then rand could leave arad doman soon after . 
 he hoped to leave them with a king , hoped to find and kill graendal . 
 but he would settle for peace with the seanchan and food for these people . 
 he could not solve everyone 's problems . 
 he could just force them into abeyance long enough for him to die at shayol ghul . 
 and thereby leave the world to break again once he was gone . 
 he gritted his teeth . 
 he had already wasted too much time worrying about things he could not fix . 
 is that why i resist naming a domani king ? 
 he thought . 
 once i die , that man would lose his authority , and arad doman would be back where it began . 
 if i do n't leave a king who has the support of the merchants , then i 'm essentially offering the kingdom up to the seanchan the moment i die . 
 so many things to balance . 
 so many problems . 
 he could n't fix them all . 
 he could n't . 
 `` i do n't approve of this , rand , '' nynaeve said , standing beside the door , arms folded . 
 `` and we 're not done talking about lan , either . '' 
 rand waved a dismissive hand . 
 `` he 's yout friend , rand , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` light ! 
 and what of perrin and mat ? 
 do you know where they are ? 
 what has happened to them ? '' 
 the colors swirled before his eyes , revealing an image of perrin standing by a tent with galad . 
 why was perrin with galad of all people ? 
 and when had elayne 's half-brother joined the whitecloaks ? 
 the colors changed to mat , riding through the streets of a familiar city . 
 caemlyn ? 
 thorn was there , with him . 
 rand frowned to himself . 
 he could feel a pull from perrin and mat , both distant . 
 it was their ta ` veren natures , trying to draw them together . 
 they both needed to be with him for the last battle . 
 `` rand ? '' 
 nynaeve asked . 
 `` are n't you going to respond ? '' 
 `` about perrin and mat ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` they live . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` i simply do . '' 
 he sighed , shaking his head . 
 `` and they had better remain alive . 
 i 'll have need of them both before this is over . '' 
 `` rand ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` they 're your friends ! '' 
 `` they 're threads in the pattern , nynaeve , '' he said , rising . 
 `` i barely know them anymore , and i suspect they would say the same thing of me . '' 
 `` do n't you care about them ? '' 
 `` care ? '' 
 rand walked down the steps of the raised platform that held his throne . 
 `` what i care about is the last battle . 
 what i care about is making peace with the light-cursed seanchan so that i can stop bothering with their squabble and get to the real battle . 
 beside those cares , a pair of boys from my little village are meaningless . '' 
 he looked at her , challenging . 
 ramshalan and the other attendants backed away quietly , not wanting to be caught between his gaze and nynaeve . 
 she was silent , although her face took on a profound sadness . 
 `` oh , rand , '' she finally said . 
 `` you ca n't go on like this . 
 this hardness within you , it will break you . '' 
 `` i do what i must , '' he said , anger creeping into him . 
 would he never hear the end of complaints about his choices ? 
 `` this is n't what you must do , rand , '' she said . 
 `` you 're going to destroy yourself . 
 you 'll - '' rand 's anger surged . 
 he spun , pointing at her . 
 `` would you end up exiled like cadsuane , nynaeve ? '' 
 he bellowed . 
 `` i will not be played with ! 
 i am done with that . 
 give advice when it is asked for , and the rest of the time do not patronize me \ '' she recoiled , and rand gritted his teeth , forcing the anger back down . 
 his lowered his hand , but realized it had begun to reach reflex-ively for the access key in the pocket at his side . 
 nynaeve 's eyes fixed on it , opening wide , and he slowly forced his hand away from the statuette . 
 the explosion surprised him . 
 he had thought his temper controlled . 
 he forced it down , and had a surprisingly difficult time of it . 
 he turned and stalked from the room , throwing open the door , his maidens following him . 
 `` i will have no more audiences today , '' he told the attendants who tried to follow him . 
 `` go and do as i have told you ! 
 i need the other members of the merchant council . 
 go ! '' 
 they scattered . 
 only the aiel remained , guarding him as he made his way to the rooms he had claimed in the mansion . 
 a short time longer . 
 he only had to keep things balanced a short time longer . 
 then it could end . 
 and he found that he was beginning to look forward to that end as much as lews therin did . 
 you promised we could die , lews therin said between distant sobs . 
 / did , rand said . 
 and we will . 
 chapter 32 rivers of shadow nynaeve stood on the broad wall around bandar eban , looking down over the darkened city . 
 the wall was on the inland side of the city , but bandar eban was built on a slope , so she could see out over it , past the city , toward the ocean beyond . 
 the night fog rolled in across the waters , hanging above a crisp black mirror sea . 
 it seemed like a reflection of the clouds high above . 
 those clouds glowed with a phantom pearl light , cast by a moon she could not see . 
 the fog did not reach the city ; it rarely did . 
 it hung over the ocean , churning . 
 like the ghost of a forest fire , stopped by some unseen barrier . 
 she could still feel the storm to the north . 
 it called on her to ride through the streets , shouting warning . 
 flee to the cellars ! 
 store up food , for a disaster will strike ! 
 unfortunately , packing earth or reinforcing walls would not help against this tempest . 
 it was of a different sort entirely . 
 the ocean fog was often herald to winds , and this night was no exception . 
 she pulled her shawl close , smelling brine on the air . 
 it mixed with the inevitable scents of an overcrowded city . 
 refuse , packed bodies , soot and smoke from fires and stoves . 
 she missed the two rivers . 
 the winds there were cold in the winters , but they were always fresh . 
 bandar eban 's winds always felt slightly used . 
 there would never again be a place for her in the two rivers . 
 she knew this , though it hurt her . 
 she was aes sedai now ; it had become who she was , more important to her now than being wisdom had once been . 
 with the one power , she could heal people in a way that still seemed a marvel . 
 and with the authority of the white tower behind her , she was one of the most powerful individuals in the world , matched only by other sisters and the occasional monarch . 
 and in regard to monarchs , she herself was married to a king . 
 he might not have a kingdom , but lan was a king . 
 to her , if nobody else . 
 life in the two rivers would not suit him . 
 and , truthfully , it would n't suit her either . 
 that simple life-once all she had been able to imagine - would now seem dull and unfulfilling . 
 still , it was difficult not to feel wistful , particularly when watching the night fogs . 
 `` there , '' merise said , voice edged with tension . 
 she , along with cadsuane and corele , stood looking in the other direction-not southwest over the city and ocean , but east . 
 nynaeve had almost decided against accompanying the group , as she had little doubt that cadsuane partly blamed nynaeve for her exile . 
 however , the prospect of seeing the apparitions had been too enticing . 
 nynaeve turned from the city and crossed the top of the wall , joining the others . 
 corele glanced at her , but merise and cadsuane ignored her . 
 that suited nynaeve . 
 though it did continue to irk her that corele-of the yellow ajah-was so guarded in her acceptance of nynaeve . 
 corele was pleasant , consoling , yet sternly unwilling to admit that nynaeve was also a member of the yellow . 
 well , the woman would have to change ruts eventually , once egwene secured the white tower . 
 nynaeve peered through the crenellations atop the wall , scanning the dark landscape outside the city . 
 she could faintly make out the remnants of the shanties that had crowded up against the walls until recently . 
 the dangers-some real , others exaggerated-in the countryside had caused most of the refugees to crowd into the city 's streets . 
 dealing with them , and the disease and hunger they brought with them , still demanded a lot of rand 's time . 
 out beyond that trampled-down shantytown there were only shrubs , stunted trees , a shadowed bit of broken timber that might have been a wagon wheel . 
 the nearby fields were barren . 
 plowed , seeded , yet still barren . 
 light ! 
 why did n't crops grow anymore ? 
 where would they find food this winter ? 
 anyway , that was n't what she was looking for at the moment . 
 what was it merise had seen ? 
 where - then nynaeve saw it . 
 like a wisp of the ocean fog , a tiny patch of glowing light was blowing across the ground . 
 it grew , bulging like a tiny storm cloud , glowing with a pearly light not unlike that of the clouds above . 
 it resolved into the shape of a man , walking . 
 then that luminescent fog sprouted more figures . 
 within moments , an entire glowing procession strode across the dark ground , moving at a mournful pace . 
 nynaeve shivered , then sternly reprimanded herself . 
 spirits from the dead they might be , but they were no danger so far away . 
 but try as she might , she could not banish the goose bumps from her arms . 
 the procession was too distant for her to make out many details . 
 there were both men and women in the line , clad in glowing clothing that flowed and shimmered like the city 's banners . 
 there was no color to the apparitions , just paleness , unlike most of the ghosts that had been appearing lately . 
 these were composed completely of a strange , otherworldly light . 
 several figures in the group-which was now about two hundred strong - were carrying a large object . 
 some kind of palanquin ? 
 or ... no . 
 it was a coffin . 
 was this a funeral procession from long ago , then ? 
 what had happened to these people , and why had they been drawn back to the world of the living ? 
 rumors in the city said the procession had first appeared the night after rand arrived in bandar eban . 
 the wall 's guards , who were likely the most reliable , had confirmed that to her in uneasy voices . 
 `` i do not see the reason for so much fuss , '' merise said with her taraboner accent , folding her arms . 
 `` ghosts , we are all accustomed to them by now , are we not ? 
 at least these are n't causing people to melt or burst into flames . '' 
 reports in the city indicated that `` incidents '' were growing more and more frequent . 
 just in the last few days , nynaeve had investigated three credible reports of people who had had insects burrow out of their skin , killing them . 
 there had also been the man who had been found in his bed one morning , completely changed into burned charcoal . 
 his linens had n't been singed . 
 she had seen that body herself . 
 these incidents were n't caused by the ghosts , but the people had begun to blame the apparitions . 
 better than them blaming rand , she supposed . 
 `` this waiting in the city , it is frustrating , '' merise continued . 
 `` our time in this city does seem to lack fruit , '' corele agreed . 
 `` we should be moving on . 
 you 've heard that he is proclaiming that the last battle will begin soon . '' 
 nynaeve felt a stab of worry for lan , then anger toward rand . 
 he still thought that if he could stage his assault at the same time as lan 's attack on tarwin 's gap , he could confuse his enemies . 
 lan 's attack could very well be the beginning of the last battle . 
 why , then , would n't rand commit troops to help ? 
 `` yes , '' cadsuane said , musingly , `` he is probably right . '' 
 why did she keep that hood up ? 
 rand obviously was n't around . 
 `` then we have all the greater reason to move on , '' merise said sternly . 
 `` rand al ` thor , he is a fool ! 
 and arad doman , it is irrelevant . 
 a king or no king ? 
 what does it matter ? '' 
 `` the seanchan are not irrelevant , '' nynaeve said , sniffing . 
 `` what of them ? 
 you would have us march to the blight and leave our kingdoms open to invasion ? '' 
 merise did n't react . 
 corele smiled and shrugged , then looked toward darner flinn , who leaned against the wall behind them , his arms folded . 
 the leathery old man 's casual posture suggested that he saw the procession of ghosts as nothing special . 
 and these days , he might be right . 
 nynaeve looked back out at the ghost procession , who were walking in an arc , rounding the city wall . 
 the other aes sedai resumed their conversation , merise and corele taking further opportunity to voice their displeasure with rand in their separate ways-one dour , the other congenial . 
 it made nynaeve want to defend him . 
 though he had been difficult and erratic lately , there was important work for him to do in arad doman . 
 the meeting with the seanchan in falme was only a short time away . 
 beyond that , rand was right to worry about filling the domani throne . 
 and what if graendal really was here , as he seemed to think ? 
 the others thought he must be mistaken about the forsaken , but rand had discovered forsaken in nearly every other kingdom . 
 why not arad doman ? 
 a missing king , a land seething with confusion , famine and strife ? 
 these things sounded exactly like the kinds of trouble one would discover near one of the forsaken . 
 the others continued to talk . 
 nynaeve started to leave , and as she did so she noticed that cadsuane was watching her . 
 nynaeve hesitated , turning toward the cloaked woman . 
 cadsuane 's face was barely visible by torchlight , but nynaeve caught a grimace in the shadows , as if cadsuane were displeased with merise 's and corele 's complaints . 
 nynaeve and cadsuane stared at each other for a moment ; then cadsuane nodded curtly . 
 the aged aes sedai turned and began to walk away , right in the middle of one of merise 's tirades about rand . 
 the other aes sedai bustled to catch up . 
 what had that look been for ? 
 cadsuane had a habit of treating other aes sedai as if they were less worthy of respect than a common mule . 
 it was as if all the rest of them were mere children in her eyes . 
 but , well , considering the way many aes sedai had been acting lately ... . 
 frowning to herself , nynaeve left in the other direction , nodding to the wall guards . 
 that nod of cadsuane 's could n't possibly have been given out of respect . 
 cadsuane was far too self-righteous and arrogant for that . 
 what to do about rand , then ? 
 he did n't want nynaeve 's help-or anyone 's help-but that was nothing new . 
 he 'd been just as stubborn as a sheepherder back in the two rivers , and his father had been nearly as bad . 
 that had never stopped nynaeve the wisdom , so it certainly would n't stop nynaeve the aes sedai . 
 she 'd wrangled coplins and congars ; she could do the same for trumped-up rand al ` thor . 
 she had half a mind to stride to his new `` palace '' and give him an earful . 
 except ... rand al ` thor was n't just any coplin or congar . 
 stubborn folks back in the two rivers had n't had rand 's strangely menacing aura . 
 she 'd dealt with dangerous men before . 
 her own lan was as dangerous as a wolf on the prowl , and could be as prickly , too , even if he was good at hiding it from most people . 
 but as threatening and as intimidating as lan could be , he 'd sooner chop off his own hand than raise it to harm her . 
 rand was different . 
 nynaeve reached the steps leading off the wall into the city and headed down them , waving away a guard 's suggestion that she take one of them in escort . 
 it was night and there were a lot of refugees about , but she was hardly helpless . 
 she did accept a lantern from another guard , however . 
 using the one power to craft light would make the passersby uncomfortable . 
 rand . 
 once , she 'd thought him as gentle as lan . 
 his devotion to protecting women had been almost laughable in its innocence . 
 that rand was gone . 
 nynaeve saw again the moment when he had exiled cadsuane . 
 she 'd believed that he would kill cadsuane if he saw her face again , and thinking of the moment still gave her shivers . 
 surely it had been her imagination , but the room had seemed to darken distinctly at that moment , as if a cloud had passed over the sun . 
 rand al ` thor had grown unpredictable . 
 his explosion of temper at nynaeve herself a few days ago was just another example . 
 of course , he would never exile or threaten her , despite what he had said . 
 he was n't that hard . 
 was he ? 
 she reached the bottom of the stone steps , walking out onto a boardwalk stained with the mud of evening traffic . 
 she pulled her shawl close . 
 huddled people clustered on the other side of the street . 
 the shop entrances and alleyways there offered protection from the wind . 
 she heard a child cough among a distant group . 
 she froze , then heard the cough again . 
 it was not an easy sound . 
 muttering , she crossed the street , then forced her way through the refugees , holding up her lantern to illuminate one group of drowsy people after another . 
 many had the coppery skin of the domani , but there were a fair number of taraboners as well . 
 and ... were those saldaeans ? 
 that was unexpected . 
 most of the refugees lay in ragged blankets next to their meager possessions . 
 a pot here , a quilt there . 
 one young girl had a small cloth doll that might have once been fine , but had now lost one of its arms . 
 rand certainly was effective at subduing countries , but his kingdoms needed more than just handouts of grain . 
 they needed stability , and they needed something-someone-they could believe in . 
 rand was getting increasingly bad at offering either one . 
 where was the source of that cough ? 
 few of the refugees spoke to her , and they were hesitant to answer her questions . 
 when she finally found the boy , she was more than a little annoyed . 
 his parents had made their beds in a hollow between two wooden shops , and as nynaeve approached , the father stood up to confront her . 
 he was a scruffy domani with a dark , ragged beard and a thick mustache that might have once been trimmed to domani fashion . 
 he wore no coat , and his shirt was nearly in tatters . 
 nynaeve stared him down with a look she had learned long before her days as an aes sedai . 
 honestly , men could be so foolish ! 
 his son was likely dying , and yet he confronted one of the few people in the city who could help . 
 the wife had more sense , which was usually the case . 
 she laid a hand on her husband 's leg , causing him to glance down . 
 he finally turned away with a quiet mutter . 
 the wife 's features were difficult to see through the grime on her face . 
 the dirt was streaked with tear lines on her cheeks ; she had obviously had a difficult couple of nights . 
 nynaeve knelt-ignoring the looming father-then pulled back the blanket from the face of the child in the woman 's arms . 
 sure enough , he was gaunt and pale , and his eyes fluttered open in some delusion . 
 `` how long has he been coughing ? '' 
 nynaeve said , pulling a few packets of herbs out of the pouch at her side . 
 she did n't have much , but they would have to do . 
 `` a week now , lady , '' the woman replied . 
 nynaeve tsked in annoyance , pointing toward a nearby tin cup . 
 `` fill that , '' she snapped at the father . 
 `` you are lucky the boy has survived this long with the white shakes ; he likely would n't live the night without intervention . '' 
 despite his earlier reluctance , the father hastened to obey , filling the cup from a nearby barrel . 
 at least there was n't a lack of water here , with the frequent rains . 
 nynaeve took the cup and mixed the acem and feverbane in it , then wove a thread of fire and heated the water . 
 it started steaming faintly , and the father muttered some more . 
 nynaeve shook her head ; she 'd always heard that the domani were pragmatic people when it came to use of the one power . 
 the unrest in the city must really be getting to them . 
 `` drink , '' she said to the boy , kneeling down and using all five powers in a complex weave of healing that she used instinctively . 
 her ability had awed some of the other aes sedai , but had earned her scorn from others . 
 either way , her method worked , even if she could n't explain how she did what she did . 
 that was one of the blessings and the curses of being a wilder ; she could do things by instinct that other aes sedai struggled to learn . 
 however , it was difficult for nynaeve to unlearn some of the bad habits she 'd learned . 
 the boy , though dazed , responded to the cup pressed to his lips . 
 her healing weave lay across him as he drank , and he stiffened , inhaling sharply . 
 the herbs were n't needed , but they would help give him strength following the rigorous healing . 
 she 'd gotten over her habit of always using herbs when healing , but she still felt they had their place and usefulness . 
 the father knelt down threateningly , but nynaeve pressed the tips of her fingers to his chest and forced him back . 
 `` give the child air . '' 
 the boy blinked , and nynaeve could see sense flood back into his eyes . 
 he shivered weakly . 
 nynaeve delved him to determine how well the healing had worked . 
 `` the fever has broken , '' she said with a nod , standing and releasing the one power . 
 `` he will need to eat well over the next few days ; i will give your descriptions to the dockmasters , and you will receive extra rations . 
 do not sell the food , or i will find out , and i will be angry . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 the woman looked down , ashamed . 
 `` we would never ... . '' 
 `` i do n't take anything for granted anymore , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` anyway , he should live , if you do as i say . 
 feed him the rest of that draught tonight , by sips if you have to . 
 if the fever starts again , bring him to me at the dragon 's palace . '' 
 `` yes , my lady , '' the woman said as the husband knelt , taking the boy and smiling . 
 nynaeve picked up her lantern and rose . 
 `` lady , '' the woman said . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 nynaeve turned back . 
 `` you should have brought him to me days ago . 
 i do n't care what foolish superstitions people are spreading , the aes sedai are not your enemies . 
 if you know any who are sick , encourage them to visit us . '' 
 the woman nodded , and the husband seemed cowed . 
 nynaeve stalked out of the alleyway and back onto the dark street , passing folk who watched her with a mixture of awe and horror . 
 foolish people ! 
 would they let their own children die rather than get them healed ? 
 back on the street , nynaeve calmed herself . 
 the diversion really had n't taken much of her time , and-tonight at least-time was one of the things she had plenty of . 
 she was n't having much luck dealing with rand . 
 her only consolation was that cadsuane had done worse as his advisor . 
 how did one handle a creature like the dragon reborn ? 
 nynaeve knew that the old rand was there , within him somewhere . 
 he had simply been beaten and kicked so many times that he 'd gone into hiding , letting this harsher version rule . 
 as much as it galled her to admit it , bullying him was just not going to work . 
 but how was she to get him to do what he should , since he was too bullheaded to respond to ordinary prodding ? 
 nynaeve halted , lantern light illuminating an empty street before her . 
 there was one person who bad managed to work with rand while at the same time teaching and training him . 
 it had n't been cadsuane , nor had it been any of the aes sedai who tried to capture him , trick him or bully him . 
 it had been moiraine . 
 nynaeve continued on her way . 
 during the last months of her life , the blue had all but fawned over rand . 
 in order to get him to take her as his advisor , she 'd agreed to obey his commands and offer advice only when it was wanted . 
 what good was advice when it was given only when it was wanted ? 
 people needed most to hear the advice they did n't want ! 
 but moiraine had been successful . 
 through her , rand had begun to overcome his aversion to aes sedai . 
 without rand 's eventual acceptance for moiraine , it was doubtful that cadsuane would ever have made headway in becoming his counselor . 
 well , nynaeve was n't about to act the same way for rand al ` thor , no matter how many fancy titles he had . 
 however , she did have something to learn from moraine 's success . 
 perhaps rand had listened to moiraine because her subservience had flattered him , or maybe he had simply been tired of people pushing him around . 
 rand did have many people trying to control him . 
 they must frustrate him , and they made nynaeve 's own job a lot more difficult , since she was the one that he actually needed to listen to . 
 did he , perhaps , see her simply as another of those irrelevant manipulators ? 
 she would n't put it past him . 
 she needed to show him that they were working for the same goals . 
 she did n't want tell him what to do ; she just wanted him to stop acting like a fool . 
 and , beyond that , she just wanted him to be safe . 
 she 'd also like him to be a leader that people respected , not one that people feared . 
 he seemed incapable of seeing that the path he was on was that of a tyrant . 
 being a king really was n't all that different from being mayor in the two rivers . 
 the mayor needed to be respected and liked . 
 the wisdom and the women 's circle could do the difficult tasks , such as punishing those who overstepped their bounds . 
 the mayor , however , needed to be loved . 
 that led to a civil and a safe town . 
 but how to show that to rand ? 
 she could n't force him ; she needed to get him to listen to her in another way . 
 a plan began to take root in her head . 
 by the time she reached the mansion , she had an idea of what to do . 
 the gate to the mansion grounds was guarded by saldaeans ; the aiel preferred to stay closer to rand , watching the rooms and the hallways of the mansion itself . 
 haster nalmat , the officer on duty , gave nynaeve a bow as she approached ; some people still knew how to treat aes sedai . 
 the grounds beyond the gate were ornamental and cultivated . 
 nynaeve 's lantern cast strange shadows on the grass as its light shone through the trees trained and trimmed in the shapes of fanciful animals . 
 the shadows moved in concert with her lantern , the phantom shapes lengthening and merging with the greater blackness of the night around her . 
 like rivers of shadow . 
 a larger group of saldaean soldiers stood guard at the front of the mansion ; far more than were necessary . 
 whenever men stood on guard , their friends tended to gather , no doubt to gossip . 
 nynaeve strode up to the group , causing several of them to stop leaning lazily against the mansion 's gallery of pillars . 
 `` who of you are not on duty right now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 sure enough , three of the nine soldiers raised their hands , looking somewhat sheepish . 
 `` excellent , '' nynaeve said , handing her lantern to one of them . 
 `` you three , come with me . '' 
 she strode into the mansion , the three soldiers scrambling in behind . 
 it was late-the ghost procession appeared only at midnight-and the mansion slumbered . 
 the intricate chandelier in the entryway had been extinguished , and the hallways were dark . 
 testing her memory , she picked a direction and walked down it . 
 the whitewashed walls were as immaculate here as they were in other sections of the mansion , but they were unornamented . 
 her instinct proved correct as she soon entered a small pantry , where servants would prepare platters of food before taking them to the dining room . 
 the hallway she had chosen led out to the mansion sitting rooms ; another hallway at the back led to the kitchens . 
 the room was furnished with a big sturdy wooden table and some tall stools . 
 those were occupied by a group of men playing a game of dice , wearing green and white linen shirts-the livery of milisair 's house - with thick work trousers . 
 they looked up with shock as nynaeve strode into the room ; one of the men actually leaped to his feet , his stool toppling to the floor behind him . 
 he pulled off his hat-a lopsided brown thing that even mat would have been embarrassed to wear-looking like a child caught poking his finger into the pie before dinner . 
 nynaeve did n't care what they were doing ; she had found some servants of the mansion , and that was all that mattered . 
 `` i must see the do-sun , '' she said , using the local term for the head housekeeper . 
 `` fetch her for me . '' 
 her soldiers entered the room behind her . 
 all three were saldaeans , and if they were somewhat oafish , they walked with the swaggers of men who intimately understood fighting . 
 she doubted that these simple servants needed any more intimidation than an aes sedai , but the soldiers would likely prove useful later . 
 `` the dosun ? '' 
 the worker with the hat finally said . 
 `` are you sure you would n't rather see the steward or - '' `` the dosun , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` bring her to me now . 
 give her time to throw on a robe , but no more . '' 
 she pointed at one of her soldiers . 
 `` you , go with him . 
 make sure he does n't speak to anyone else or give the woman a chance to escape . '' 
 `` escape ? '' 
 the worker yelped . 
 `` why would loral want to do that ? 
 what did she do , my lady ? '' 
 `` nothing , i hope . 
 go ! '' 
 the two men-one worker , one soldier-hurried off , and the other three workers remained at the table , looking uncomfortable . 
 nynaeve folded her arms beneath her br ** sts , considering her plan . 
 rand had determined that his hunt for the domani king had hit a wall with the death of the messenger . 
 nynaeve was n't so certain . 
 there were others involved , and a few well-placed questions might be very illuminating . 
 it was unlikely the dosun had done anything wrong . 
 but nynaeve did not want the worker who fetched her letting his tongue wag to the people he might meet along the way ; better to instill into him a sense of danger and use the soldier to keep him quiet . 
 not to mention punctual . 
 her foresight proved effective . 
 within minutes , the worker hurried back into the room , towing a disheveled , elderly woman in a blue evening robe . 
 gray hair poked out from beneath her hastily wrapped red kerchief , and her aging domani face was absolutely white with apprehension . 
 nynaeve felt guilty . 
 how this woman must feel , awoken at night by a terrified servant claiming that one of the aes sedai wanted her immediately ! 
 the saldaean soldier followed , then stood guard beside the doorway . 
 he was bowlegged and squat , and he wore one of those long saldaean mustaches . 
 the other two lounged beside the doorway nynaeve had come through , their casual air only serving to make the room more tense . 
 they had picked up on something of her intent , it seemed . 
 `` peace , goodwoman , '' nynaeve said , nodding to the table . 
 `` you may sit . 
 you others , go to the main entryway and stay there . 
 do n't speak to anyone . '' 
 the four workers needed no further prodding . 
 nynaeve told one of the soldiers to follow them and make certain they did as she said . 
 the late hour was working to her advantage ; with so many of the servants and rand 's attendants asleep , she could investigate without alerting those who might be guilty . 
 the departure of the workers only made the dosun more nervous . 
 nynaeve sat at the table on one of the vacated stools . 
 the men had left their dice behind in their haste , but had-of course-made sure to take their coins . 
 the room was lit by a small lamp , burning with an open flame on the windowsill . 
 the saldaean had taken her lantern with him when following the workers . 
 `` your name is loral , is it not ? '' 
 nynaeve asked . 
 the dosun nodded warily . 
 `` you are aware that aes sedai do not lie ? '' 
 the housekeeper nodded again . 
 most aes sedai could n't lie , though nynaeve technically could , since she had n't held the oath rod . 
 that was part of what earned her a lesser status in the eyes of the others . 
 undeservedly so . 
 the oath rod was only a formality ; two rivers folk needed no ter ` angreal to make them honest . 
 `` then you will believe me when i tell you that i do not suspect you personally of having done anything wrong . 
 i just need your help . '' 
 the woman seemed to relax a bit . 
 `` what help do you need , nynaeve sedai ? '' 
 `` it has been my experience that the head housekeeper knows more of a house 's workings than the stewards , or even the owners of the property . 
 have you been employed here for long ? '' 
 `` i have served the chadmar family through three generations , '' the old woman said with no small measure of pride . 
 `` and had hoped to serve another , if her ladyship had - '' the housekeeper cut off . 
 rand had imprisoned `` her ladyship '' in her own dungeons . 
 that did n't bode well for there being another generation to serve . 
 `` yes , well , '' nynaeve said , covering the uncomfortable silence . 
 `` the unfortunate circumstances involving your lady are part of my task this evening . '' 
 `` nynaeve sedai , '' the aged woman said , growing eager , `` do you suppose you can see her to freedom ? 
 restore her to the lord dragon 's good graces ? '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 doubtful , nynaeve added in her mind , but anything is possible . 
 `` my activities tonight may help . 
 did you ever see this messenger , the one your mistress imprisoned ? '' 
 `` the one sent by the king ? '' 
 loral asked . 
 `` i never spoke with him , aes sedai , but i did see him . 
 tall , handsome fellow , curiously cleanshaven for a domani man . 
 i passed him in the hallway . 
 had one of the most beautiful faces i rightly think i 've ever seen on a man . '' 
 `` and then ? '' 
 nynaeve asked . 
 `` well , he went directly to speak with lady chadmar , and then . 
 ... '' loral trailed off . 
 `` nynaeve sedai , i do n't mean to be getting my lady into any more trouble , and - '' `` he was sent for questioning , '' nynaeve said shortly . 
 `` i have little time for foolishness , loral . 
 i am not here looking for evidence against your mistress , and i do n't really care what your loyalties are . 
 there are much larger issues at stake . 
 answer my question . '' 
 `` yes , lady , '' loral said , paling . 
 `` we all knew what had happened , of course . 
 did n't seem right , sending one of the king 's men to a questioner like that . 
 particularly that man . 
 shame to mar a face so beautiful , and all . '' 
 `` you know the location of the questioner and the dungeon ? '' 
 loral hesitated , then nodded reluctantly . 
 good . 
 she did n't intend to withhold information . 
 `` let us go , then , ' nynaeve said , rising . 
 `` my lady ? '' 
 `` to the dungeon , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` i assume it is n't on the property anywhere , not if milisair chadmar was as careful as i think . '' 
 `` it 's a modest distance away , in the gull 's feast , '' loral said . 
 `` you wish to go tonight ^ '' `` yes , '' nynaeve said , then hesitated . 
 `` unless i decide to visit the questioner at his home instead . '' 
 `` they are the same place , my lady . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 come . '' 
 loral did n't have much choice . 
 nynaeve allowed her-guarded by a soldier-to return to her rooms for a dress . 
 a short time later , nynaeve and her soldiers marched the dosun - along with the four workers , to keep them from accidentally giving warning of what was happening-from the building . 
 all five looked decidedly displeased . 
 they probably believed the superstitious rumors that the night was not safe . 
 nynaeve knew better . 
 the night might not be safe , but it was n't any worse than other times . 
 in fact , it might be safer . 
 if there were fewer people about , there were fewer chances of someone nearby suddenly growing thorns out of their skin , bursting into flame or dying in some other horribly random way . 
 they left the mansion grounds , nynaeve walking with a firm step , hoping to keep the others from feeling too nervous . 
 she nodded to the soldiers at the gate , and went in the direction loral indicated . 
 their feet thumped against the wood of the boardwalk , the clouded night sky glowing just faintly from moonlight above . 
 nynaeve did n't give herself the luxury of questioning her plan . 
 she 'd decided on a course , and so far it was going well . 
 true , rand might grow angry at her for appropriating soldiers and stirring up trouble . 
 but sometimes , to see what was at the bottom of a cloudy rain barrel , you needed to stir the water to bring up what was at the bottom . 
 it was just too coincidental . 
 milisair chadmar had taken the messenger captive months ago , but he had died only a short time before rand wanted him . 
 he was the only person in the city with a clue to the king 's location . 
 coincidences did happen . 
 sometimes , when two farmers were feuding and one of their cows died in the night , it was just an accident . 
 and sometimes , a little searching uncovered the opposite . 
 loral led the group toward the gull 's feast , also known as the gull district , a part of town close to where the fishermen dumped waste from their hauls . 
 like most sensible people , nynaeve avoided that section of town , and her nose reminded her just why as they approached . 
 fish guts might make excellent fertilizer , but nynaeve could smell the composting heaps from several streets away . 
 even the refugees avoided this dark area . 
 the walk was a fairly long one-understandably , the rich sector of town was distant from the gull 's feast . 
 nynaeve stalked along , paying no heed to the shadowed alleyways and buildings , though her entourage - soldiers excepted-clustered around her apprehensively . 
 the saldaeans instead kept their hands on their serpentine swords , trying to look in all directions at once . 
 she wished she had news from the white tower . 
 how long had it been since she 'd had news from egwene or one of the others ? 
 she felt blind . 
 it was her own fault for insisting that she go with rand . 
 someone had needed to keep an eye on him , but that meant being unable to keep any eyes on everyone else . 
 was the tower still divided ? 
 was egwene still amyrlin ? 
 news on the streets was little help . 
 as always , for every rumor she heard , there were two more contradicting it . 
 the white tower was fighting itself . 
 no , it fought the asha ` man . 
 no , the aes sedai had been destroyed by the seanchan . 
 or by the dragon reborn . 
 no , those rumors were all lies spread by the tower to bait its enemies into striking . 
 very little was said about elaida or egwene specifically , though garbled news of two amyrlins was spreading . 
 that was problematic . 
 neither group of aes sedai would like spreading the news of a second amyrlin . 
 tales of squabbles among the aes sedai would only end up hurting all of them . 
 eventually , loral stopped walking . 
 the four workers stopped behind her , bundling together with worried expressions . 
 nynaeve glanced at loral . 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` there , lady . '' 
 the woman pointed a bony finger to the building across the street . 
 `` the chandler 's shop ? '' 
 nynaeve asked . 
 loral nodded . 
 nynaeve summoned one of the bowlegged saldaean soldiers . 
 `` you , watch these five and make sure they do n't get into trouble . 
 you other two , come with me . '' 
 she started across the street , but when she did n't hear footsteps leave the boardwalk , she turned with a frown . 
 the three guards stood together , looking at the single lantern , likely cursing themselves for not thinking to bring another . 
 `` oh , for the light 's sake , '' nynaeve snapped , raising her hand and embracing the source . 
 she wove a globe of light above her fingers , casting a cool , even illumination across the ground around her . 
 `` leave the lantern . '' 
 the two saldaeans complied , hurrying after her . 
 she stepped up to the chandler 's door , then wove a ward against eavesdropping and placed it in the air around herself , the door and the two soldiers . 
 she looked at one of the soldiers . 
 `` what 's your name ? ' 
 `` triben , my lady , '' he said . 
 he was a hawk-faced man with a short , trimmed mustache and a scar across his forehead . 
 `` that 's lurts , '' he said , pointing at the other soldier , a massive wall of a man who nynaeve had been surprised to see was uniformed as a cavalryman . 
 `` all right , triben , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` kick the door open . '' 
 triben did n't question her ; he just raised a booted foot and kicked . 
 the frame cracked easily and the door slammed open , but if her ward had been placed correctly , nobody in the building would be able to hear . 
 she peeked in . 
 the room smelled of wax and perfumes , and the wooden floor was marked by numerous spots . 
 drip marks ; wax that had been cleaned up often left a mark . 
 `` quickly , '' she said to the soldiers , releasing the ward but maintaining the globe of light . 
 `` lurts , go to the back of the shop and watch the alley ; make certain nobody escapes . 
 triben , with me . '' 
 lurts moved with surprising speed for his bulk , taking his position in the back room of the shop . 
 her globe illuminated barrels for dipping candles and a pile of burned nubs in the corner , bought for pennies to be re-melted . 
 a staircase mounted to the right . 
 a small alcove in the front of the shop was the storefront , and it contained various sizes and shapes of candles , from the standard white rod to the perfumed and decorated brick . 
 if loral was wrong about this being the place ... . 
 but any good secret operation would have a working front . 
 nynaeve hurried up the stairs , wood creaking beneath her weight . 
 the building was narrow . 
 on the upper floor , she and triben found two rooms . 
 one door was open a crack , so nynaeve dimmed her globe of light and wove a ward against listeners into the room . 
 then she burst in , hawk-faced triben following , his sword scraping against its scabbard as he pulled it free . 
 there was only one person in the room , an overweight man sleeping on a mattress on the floor , blankets in a heap around his feet . 
 nynaeve wove a few threads of air , tying him up in one smooth motion . 
 his eyes bulged open , and he opened his mouth to scream , but nynaeve stuffed air between his lips , gagging him . 
 she turned to triben and nodded , tying off her weaves . 
 they left the bound man there , struggling against his bonds , and crossed to the other door . 
 she wove another weave against eavesdropping into the room before entering , and it was a good thing she did-for the two younger men in this room roused much more quickly . 
 one sat bolt upright , letting out a yelp just as triben headed across the floorboards . 
 triben punched him in the stomach , knocking the air out of his lungs . 
 nynaeve bound him with a thread of air , then did the same for the other young man , who was rousing drowsily in his bunk . 
 she towed the two toward her , brightening her globe of light , hanging the men up in the air a few inches . 
 they were both domani , with dark hair and crude faces , thin mustaches above their lips . 
 both wore only their smallclothes . 
 they seemed too old to be apprentices . 
 `` i think we have the right place , nynaeve sedai , '' triben said , walking around the pair to stand beside her . 
 she raised an eyebrow at him . 
 `` those are no chandler 's apprentices , '' triben continued . 
 he slid his sword back into its sheath . 
 `` calluses on the palms , but no burns on their hands ? 
 muscled arms ? 
 and they 're far too old . 
 that fellow on the left has had his nose broken at least once . '' 
 she looked closer ; triben was right . 
 / should have seen that . 
 still , she had noticed the age . 
 `` which one do you think i should ungag , '' she asked casually , `` and which one should i kill ? '' 
 both men began to squirm , eyes wide . 
 they should have known that an aes sedai would never do anything of the sort . 
 in fact , she probably should n't have implied it , but private jailers like these riled her anger . 
 `` the one on the left seems most eager to talk , lady , '' triben said . 
 `` perhaps he will tell you what you wish to know . '' 
 she nodded , releasing the man 's gag . 
 he began to speak immediately . 
 `` i will do whatever you say ! 
 please , do n't fill my stomach with insects ! 
 i have n't done anything wrong , i promise you , i - '' she stuffed the air gag back in . 
 `` too much complaining , '' she said . 
 `` perhaps the other will know to hush and speak when spoken to . '' 
 she released his gag . 
 this man remained dangling in the air , obviously terrified , but saying nothing . 
 the one power could unnerve the most hardened of killers . 
 `` how do i get into the dungeon ? '' 
 she asked this man . 
 he looked sick , but he had probably already guessed that she 'd want the dungeon . 
 it was unlikely that an aes sedai would burst into the shop after midnight because she 'd been sold a bad candle . 
 `` trapdoor , '' the man said , `` under the rug in the shop front . '' 
 `` excellent , '' nynaeve said . 
 she tied off the weaves binding the men 's hands , then replaced the gag on the one who had spoken . 
 she did n't leave them hanging in the air-she did n't want to have to pull them along behind her-and instead let them walk on their own feet . 
 she had triben fetch the overweight man from the other room , then herded all three down the stairs . 
 below , they met the muscular lurts keeping careful watch on the alley out back . 
 a youth sat on the floor in front of him , and nynaeve 's globe of light illuminated his face , a frightened domani one with uncharacteristically light hair and hands spotted with burns . 
 `` now , that 's a chandler 's apprentice , '' triben said , scratching his forehead scar . 
 `` they probably have him doing all of the work for the front . '' 
 `` he was asleep under those blankets over there . '' 
 lurts nodded to a shadowed pile in the corner as he joined nynaeve . 
 `` tried to scramble out the front door after you went up the stairs . '' 
 `` bring him , '' nynaeve said . 
 in the small storefront , triben pulled back the rug , then used the edge of his sword to prod through the slats until he knocked against something underneath-hinges , nynaeve assumed . 
 after a little careful prying , he got the trapdoor open . 
 a ladder reached down into the darkness below . 
 nynaeve stepped forward , but triben held up a hand . 
 `` lord bashere would hang me up by my own stirrups if i let you go first , lady , '' he said . 
 `` no telling what might be down there . '' 
 he leaped into the hole , sliding down the ladder with one hand , his sword in the other . 
 he thumped to the ground below , and nynaeve rolled her eyes . 
 men ! 
 she gestured for lurts to watch the jailers , then released their bonds so they could climb down . 
 she gave each of them a stern look ; then she proceeded down the ladder without triben 's ridiculous flair , leaving lurts to herd the jailers after . 
 she raised her globe of light and surveyed the cellar . 
 the walls were stone , which made her feel much less nervous about the weight of the building above . 
 the floor was packed dirt , and there was a wooden doorway built into the wall across from her . 
 triben was listening at it . 
 she nodded , and he pulled it open , darting inside eagerly . 
 the sal-daeans seemed to be picking up some habits from the aiel . 
 nynaeve followed , preparing weaves of air , just in case . 
 behind her , the sullen jailers began to climb down the ladder , followed by lurts . 
 there was n't much to see in the other room . 
 two dungeon cells with thick wooden doors , a table with some stools beside it , and a large wooden trunk . 
 nynaeve sent her globe of light to the corner as hawk-faced triben inspected the trunk . 
 he lifted the lid , then raised an eyebrow , pulling out several glittering knives . 
 aids for questioning . 
 nynaeve shivered . 
 she turned harsh eyes on the jailers behind her . 
 she untied the gag on the one who had spoken . 
 `` keys ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` bottom of the trunk , '' said the thug . 
 the overweight jailer-the leader of the group , no doubt , as he did n't share a room-shot him a furious glance . 
 nynaeve jerked the leader into the air . 
 `` do n't provoke me , '' she growled . 
 `` it 's already far too late at night for reasonable people to be awake . '' 
 she nodded to triben , and he dug out the keys and opened the cell doors . 
 the first cell was empty ; the second one held a disheveled woman , still wearing a fine domani dress , though it was soiled . 
 lady chadmar was dirty and ragged and she curled against the wall , drowsy , barely even noticing that the door was open . 
 nynaeve caught a whiff of a stench that , up until that moment , had been covered by the scent of rotting fish . 
 human excrement and an unwashed body . 
 likely , that was one reason for locating the dungeon here in the gull 's feast . 
 nynaeve inhaled sharply at seeing how the woman was being treated . 
 how could rand allow this ? 
 the woman herself had done this very thing to others , but that did n't make it right for him to stoop to her level . 
 she waved for triben to close the door ; then she sat down on one of the room 's stools , regarding the three jailers . 
 behind , lurts guarded the way out , keeping an eye on the poor apprentice . 
 the overweight jailer still hung in the air . 
 she needed information . 
 she could have asked rand for permission to visit the jail in the morning , but in doing so , she would have risked alerting these men that they were going to be visited . 
 she was depending on surprise and intimidation to reveal what had been hidden . 
 `` now , '' she said to the three , `` i am going to ask some questions . 
 you are going to answer . 
 i 'm not certain what i 'm going to do with you yet , so realize it 's best to be very honest with me . '' 
 the two on the ground looked up at the other man , floating in the invisible weaves of air . 
 they nodded . 
 `` the man who was brought to you , '' she said . 
 `` the messenger of the king . 
 when did he first arrive ? '' 
 `` two months ago , '' one of the toughs said-the one with the large chin and the broken nose . 
 `` arrived in a sack with the candle nubs from lady chadmar 's mansion , just like all the prisoners . '' 
 `` your instructions ? '' 
 `` hold him , '' the other tough said . 
 `` keep him alive . 
 we did n't know much , er , lady aes sedai . 
 jorgin is the one who does all the questioning . '' 
 she looked up at the fat man . 
 `` you 're jorgin ? '' 
 he nodded reluctantly . 
 `` and what were your instructions ? '' 
 jorgin did n't respond . 
 nynaeve sighed . 
 `` look , '' she said to him . 
 `` i am aes sedai , and am bound by my word . 
 if you tell me what i want to know , i will see that you are not suspected in the death . 
 the dragon does n't care about you three , otherwise you would n't still be here in charge of this little ... stopover of yours . '' 
 `` if we talk , we go free ? '' 
 the fat man said , eyeing her . 
 `` your word ? '' 
 nynaeve glanced about the tiny room with a dissatisfied eye . 
 they had left lady chadmar in the dark , and the door was packed with cloth to muffle screams . 
 the cell would be dark , stuffy and cramped . 
 men who would work a place like this barely deserved life , let alone freedom . 
 but there was a much larger sickness to deal with . 
 `` yes , '' nynaeve said , the word bitter in her mouth . 
 `` and you know that 's better than you deserve . '' 
 jorgin hesitated , then nodded . 
 `` let me down , aes sedai , and i 'll answer your questions . '' 
 she did so . 
 the man might not know it , but she had very little authority to stand on ; she would n't resort to his methods of extracting answers , and she was acting without rands knowledge . 
 the dragon probably would n't react well when he discovered that she 'd been prying-not unless she could present him with discoveries . 
 jorgin said to the broken-nosed thug , `` mord , fetch me a stool . '' 
 mord glanced at nynaeve for approval , which she gave with a curt nod . 
 as jorgin settled his bulk onto the stool , he leaned forward , hands clasped before him . 
 he resembled a hulking beetle tipped up on its side . 
 `` i do n't see what you need from me , '' the man said . 
 `` you seem to know everything already . 
 you know about my facility and about the people it has held . 
 what more is there to know ? '' 
 facility ? 
 some word for it . 
 `` that is my own business , '' nynaeve said , giving him a stare which she hoped implied that the concerns of the aes sedai were not to be questioned . 
 `` tell me , how did the messenger die ? '' 
 `` without dignity , '' jorgin replied . 
 `` like all men , in my experience . '' 
 `` give me specifics , or you 'll go back to hanging in the air . '' 
 `` i opened the cell door a few days back to feed him . 
 he was dead . '' 
 `` how long had it been since you 'd fed him , then ? '' 
 jorgin snorted . 
 `` i do n't starve my guests , lady aes sedai . 
 i just ... encourage them to be free with what they know . '' 
 `` and how much encouragement did you give the messenger ? '' 
 `` not enough to kill him , '' the jailer said defensively . 
 `` oh , come now , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` the man remained for months in your possession , presumably healthy all that time . 
 then , the day before he is to be brought before the dragon reborn , he suddenly dies ? 
 you already have my promise of amnesty . 
 tell me who bribed you to kill him and i 'll see that you 're protected . '' 
 the jailer shook his head . 
 `` it was n't like that . 
 i 'm telling you , he just died . 
 it happens sometimes . '' 
 `` i tire of your games . '' 
 `` it 's not a game , burn you ! '' 
 jorgin snarled . 
 `` you think a man could get far in my profession if it were known that he 'd accept a bribe to kill one of his guests ? 
 you could n't trust him any further than you could a lying aiel ! '' 
 she let that last comment slide , though a man like this one could never be `` trusted . '' 
 `` look , '' jorgin said , `` that was n't the type of prisoner you kill , anyway . 
 everybody wants to know where the king is . 
 who 'd kill the only one with information about it ? 
 that man was worth good money . '' 
 `` so he 's not dead , '' nynaeve surmised . 
 `` who did you sell him to ? '' 
 `` oh , he 's dead , '' the jailer said with a chuckle . 
 `` if i had sold him , i would n't have lived long afterward . 
 you learn that sort of thing quickly , doing what i do . '' 
 she turned to the other two thugs . 
 `` is he lying ? '' 
 he asked of them . 
 `` a hundred gold marks to the one of you who can give me proof that he is . '' 
 mord glanced at his boss , then grimaced . 
 `` for a hundred in gold , i 'd sell you my own mother , lady . 
 burn me , but i would . 
 jorgin 's telling the truth , though . 
 that body was good and dead . 
 the dragon 's men checked when they brought the lady to us . '' 
 so rand had considered that possibility . 
 but she still had no proof that these men were telling her the truth . 
 if there was something to hide , they 'd work hard to bury it deep . 
 she decided to try a different path . 
 `` what did you discover , then , '' she said , `` about the king 's location ? '' 
 jorgin just sighed . 
 `` like i told the lord dragon 's men , and like i told lady chadmar before she landed here in the dungeons herself . 
 that man knew something , but he would n't speak it . '' 
 `` come now , '' nynaeve said , shooting a glance at the chest with its sharp equipment . 
 she had to look away again before it angered her . 
 `` a man of your ... skill ? 
 and you could n't pry one simple fact out of him ? '' 
 `` dark one take me if i 'm lying ! '' 
 the jailer 's face flushed as if this were a matter of pride for him . 
 `` i 've never seen a man resist like that one did ! 
 a pretty feather of a man like him should have broken without much encouragement at all . 
 but he did n't . 
 he would speak on anything other than the things we wanted ! '' 
 jorgin leaned forward . 
 `` i do n't know how he did it , lady . 
 burn me , but i do n't ! 
 it 's like some ... force had ahold of his tongue . 
 it was like he could n't talk . 
 even if he 'd wanted to ! '' 
 the two thugs muttered to themselves , looking apprehensive . 
 it seemed that nynaeve 's questioning had hit a nerve . 
 `` so you pushed him too hard , '' nynaeve guessed . 
 `` and that 's how he died . '' 
 `` take it all , woman ! '' 
 the jailer growled . 
 `` blood and bloody ashes ! 
 i did n't kill him ! 
 sometimes , people just die . '' 
 unfortunately , she was coming to believe him . 
 jorgin was a wretch of a man who could use a decade doing chores beneath the eyes of a wisdom . 
 but he was n't lying . 
 so much for her grand plans . 
 she sighed , standing up , realizing just how tired she really was . 
 light ! 
 this scheme was more likely to make rand explode at her than persuade him to listen to her counsel . 
 she needed to return to the mansion for some sleep . 
 perhaps tomorrow she 'd be able to think up a better way to show rand that she was on his side . 
 she waved for the guards to take the jailer and his men back up above . 
 after that , she wove air to shut the cell door on milisair chad-mar . 
 nynaeve would see that the woman 's conditions were improved . 
 despicable human being or not , she should not be treated this way . 
 rand would have to understand that when she explained it to him . 
 why , milisair looked so pale she might be coming down with the shakes ! 
 absently , nynaeve walked to the viewing slit at the top of the cell door , then wove a delving of spirit to make certain the woman was not ill . 
 as soon as she began the delving , nynaeve froze . 
 she had expected to find milisair 's body taxed by exhaustion . 
 she had expected to find disease , perhaps hunger . 
 she had not expected to find poison . 
 cursing , suddenly alert , nynaeve threw open the cell door and rushed inside . 
 yes , she could see it easily through the delving . 
 tarchrot leaf . 
 nynaeve herself had given that to a hound who had needed to be put down . 
 it was a common enough plant , and had a very bitter flavor . 
 not the best poison , as it had such an unpleasant taste , and yet had to be ingested . 
 yes , it was a bad poison-unless the person you were poisoning was already captive and had no choice but to eat the food you gave her . 
 nynaeve began a healing , weaving all five powers , strangling the poison and strengthening milisair 's body . 
 it was a relatively easy healing , as tarchrot leaf was n't particularly strong . 
 you either had to use a lot of it - as she had with the hound-or you had to administer it several times for it to take effect . 
 but if you did it slowly like that , the person you killed with it would seem to die naturally . 
 once milisair was safe , nynaeve burst from the cell . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 she bellowed at the men . 
 `` jorgin ! '' 
 lurts , at the back , turned with surprise . 
 he grabbed the jailer jorgin by the arm and spun him around . 
 `` who prepares the prisoner 's food ? '' 
 nynaeve demanded , stalking toward him . 
 `` the food ? '' 
 jorgin asked , looking confused . 
 `` that 's one of kerb 's jobs . 
 why ? '' 
 `` kerb ? '' 
 `` the lad , '' jorgin said . 
 `` nobody important . 
 an apprentice we found among the refugees a few months back . 
 quite a lucky find-our last apprentice ran off on us , and this one was already trained in - '' nynaeve hushed him with a raised hand , suddenly anxious . 
 `` the boy ! 
 where is he ? '' 
 `` he was just here ... '' lurts said , glancing up . 
 `` went with - '' there was a sudden scrambling from above . 
 nynaeve cursed , calling for triben to catch the boy . 
 she shoved her way to the ladder and began climbing . 
 she darted out into the shop above , her glowing light following . 
 the two thugs stood cowering in the center room , looking confused , and a saldaean guard stood with a sword pulled on them . 
 he looked at her questioningly . 
 `` the boy ! '' 
 she said . 
 triben glanced toward the shop door . 
 it was open . 
 preparing weaves of air , nynaeve dashed out onto the street . 
 there , she found the boy , kerb , in the muddy street , held down by the four dice-playing workers she 'd brought from the mansion . 
 even as she stepped off the boardwalk onto the street , they pulled the struggling , frantic boy to his feet . 
 the last saldaean stood at the doorway , sword out , as if he 'd been rushing in to see if she was in danger . 
 `` he bolted out of the door , aes sedai , '' one of the workers said , `` as if the dark one himself was chasing him . 
 your soldier ran over to see if you were in danger , but we figured it 'd be best to snatch this lad before he could get away . 
 just in case . '' 
 nynaeve let out a breath to calm herself . 
 `` you did well , '' she said . 
 the youth struggled , weakly . 
 `` you did well indeed . '' 
 chapter 33 a conversation with the dragon this , '' rand declared , `` had better be important . '' 
 nynaeve turned to find the dragon reborn standing in the doorway to the sitting room . 
 he wore a dark red robe with black dragons embroidered up the arms . 
 his stump was hidden in the folds of the left sleeve . 
 though his hair was tousled from sleep , his eyes were alert . 
 he strode into the sitting room , ever the king-even now , long after midnight and just awakened , he walked as if he were absolutely certain of himself . 
 some servants had brought a pot of hot tea , and he filled a cup as min followed him into the room . 
 she also wore a sleeping robe ; the robes were one of the fashions of the domani , and hers was of yellow silk , the weave far thinner than rand 's . 
 aiel maidens took up positions by the door , lounging in their strangely dangerous way . 
 rand took a gulp from his cup . 
 it was getting harder and harder to see in him the boy nynaeve had known in the two rivers . 
 had his jaw always been set with those lines of determination ? 
 when had his step grown so sure , his posture so demanding ? 
 this man almost seemed an ... interpretation of the rand she 'd once known . 
 like a statue , carved from rock to look like him , but exaggerated in heroic lines . 
 `` well ? '' 
 rand demanded . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 the young apprentice , kerb , sat tied in air upon one of the room 's cushioned benches . 
 nynaeve glanced at him , then embraced the source and wove a ward against eavesdropping . 
 rand looked at her sharply . 
 `` you channeled ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he could sense when she did so without taking precautions ; he felt goose bumps on the flesh , according to egwene and elayne 's investigations . 
 `` a ward , '' she said , refusing to be cowed . 
 `` last i checked , i did n't need your permission to channel . 
 you 've grown high and mighty , rand al ` thor , but do n't forget that i paddled your backside when you were barely as tall as a man 's shins . '' 
 once that would have gotten a reaction from him , if only a huff of annoyance . 
 now he just looked at her . 
 those eyes of his seemed , at times , the part of him that had changed the most . 
 he sighed . 
 `` why have you wakened me , nynaeve ? 
 who is this spindly , terrified youth ? 
 if it had been anyone else who sent that message this time of night , i 'd have sent them to bashere for a flogging . '' 
 nynaeve nodded at kerb . 
 `` i think this ` spindly , terrified youth ' knows where the king is . '' 
 that got rand 's attention , and min 's as well . 
 she 'd poured herself a cup of tea and was leaning against a wall . 
 why were n't they married ? 
 `` the king ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` graendal too , then . 
 how do you know this , nynaeve ? 
 where did you find him ? '' 
 `` at the dungeon where you sent milisair chadmar , '' nynaeve said , eyeing him . 
 `` it is terrible , rand al ` thor . 
 you have no right to treat a person in such a manner . ' 
 he did n't rise to that comment either . 
 instead , he simply walked over to kerb . 
 `` he heard something from the interrogation ? '' 
 `` no , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` but i think he killed the messenger . 
 i know for a fact that he tried to poison milisair . 
 she 'd have been dead by the end of the week if i had n't healed her . '' 
 rand glanced at nynaeve , and she could almost feel him connecting the comments to figure out what she had been doing . 
 `` you aes sedai , '' he finally said , `` share much with rats , i have come to realize . 
 you are always in places where you are not wanted . '' 
 nynaeve snorted . 
 `` if i 'd stayed away , then milisair would be dying and kerb would be free . '' 
 `` i assume you 've asked him who ordered him to kill the messenger . '' 
 `` not yet , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` i did find the poison among his things , however , and confirmed that he had prepared food both for milisair and for the messenger . '' 
 she hesitated before continuing . 
 `` rand , i 'm not certain that he 'll be able to answer our questions . 
 i delved him , and while he 's not sick physically , there 's ... something there . 
 in his mind . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 rand asked softly . 
 `` a block of some sort , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` the jailer seemed frustrated - even surprised-that the messenger had been able to resist his ` questioning . ' 
 i think there must have been some block on that man too , something to keep him from revealing too much . '' 
 `` compulsion , '' rand said . 
 he spoke offhandedly , raising his tea to his lips . 
 compulsion was dark , evil . 
 she 'd felt it herself ; she still shivered when she considered what moghedien had done to her . 
 and that had been only a small thing , removing some memories . 
 `` few are as skilled with compulsion as graendal , '' rand said musingly . 
 `` perhaps this is the confirmation i 've been looking for . 
 yes ... this could be a great discovery indeed , nynaeve . 
 great enough to make me forget how you obtained it . '' 
 rand rounded the bench and leaned down to meet the young man 's eyes . 
 `` release him , '' rand commanded her . 
 she complied . 
 `` tell me , '' rand said to kerb , `` who told you to poison those people ? '' 
 `` i do n't know anything ! '' 
 the boy squeaked . 
 `` i just - '' `` stop , '' rand said softly . 
 `` do you believe that i can kill you ? '' 
 the boy fell silent and-though nynaeve would n't have thought it possible-his blue eyes opened wider . 
 `` do you believe that if i simply said the word , '' rand continued in his eerie , quiet voice , `` your heart would stop beating ? 
 i am the dragon reborn . 
 do you believe that i can take your life , or your soul itself , if i so much as will it to happen ? '' 
 nynaeve saw it again , the patina of darkness around rand , that aura that she could n't quite be certain was there . 
 she raised her tea to her lips - and found that it had suddenly grown bitter and stale , as if it had been left to sit too long . 
 kerb slouched down and began to cry . 
 `` speak , '' rand commanded . 
 the youth opened his mouth , but only a groan came out . 
 he was so transfixed by rand that he did n't - or could n't - blink the sweat from his eyes . 
 `` yes , '' rand said thoughtfully . 
 `` this is compulsion , nynaeve . 
 she 's here ! 
 i was right . '' 
 he looked at nynaeve . 
 `` you will have to unravel the web of compulsion , wipe it from his mind , before he can tell us what he knows . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked incredulously . 
 `` i have little skill with this kind of weaving , '' rand said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` i suspect that you can remove compulsion , if you try . 
 it is similar to healing , in a way . 
 use the same weave that creates compulsion , but reverse it . '' 
 she frowned . 
 healing the poor boy sounded like a fine idea-every wound should be healed , after all . 
 but trying something she 'd never done before , and doing so in front of rand , was not appealing . 
 what if she did it wrong and somehow hurt the boy ? 
 rand sat down on the cushioned bench seat across from the youth , min walking over to sit beside him . 
 she was regarding her tea with a grimace ; apparently , hers had spoiled as suddenly as nynaeve 's had . 
 rand watched nynaeve , waiting . 
 `` rand , i - '' `` just try it , '' rand said . 
 `` i ca n't tell you how it is done specifically , not for a woman , but you are clever . 
 i 'm certain you can manage . '' 
 his unintentionally patronizing tone sent her back into a rage . 
 being as tired as she was did n't help . 
 she gritted her teeth , turning toward kerb , and wove all five powers . 
 his eyes darted back and forth , though he could n't see the weaves . 
 nynaeve laid a very light healing across him , causing him to stiffen . 
 she wove a separate line of spirit , delving into his head as delicately as she could , prodding at the weaves that clumped across his mind . 
 yes , she could see it now , a complex web made from lines of spirit , air and water . 
 it was horrible , looking at it with her mind 's eye , crisscrossing the youth 's brain . 
 bits of the weave touched here and there , like tiny hooks , jutting deep into the brain itself . 
 reverse the weave , rand had said . 
 that was far from easy . 
 she 'd have to pull the web of compulsion off layer by layer , and if she made a mistake , she could very easily kill him . 
 she almost backed away . 
 but who else was there ? 
 compulsion was a forbidden weave , and she doubted that corele or the others had any experience with it . 
 if nynaeve stopped now , rand would just send for the others and ask them to do it . 
 they 'd obey him , laughing behind their hands at nynaeve , the accepted who thought herself a full aes sedai . 
 well , she had discovered new ways of healing ! 
 she had helped cleanse the taint from the one power itself ! 
 she had healed stilling and gentling ! 
 she could do this . 
 she worked quickly , weaving a mirror image of the first layer of compulsion . 
 each use of the power was exact , but reversed from the pattern already woven in the boy 's mind . 
 nynaeve laid her weave down carefully , hesitantly , and as rand had said , both puffed away and vanished . 
 how had he known ? 
 she shivered , thinking of what semirhage had said about him . 
 memories from another life , memories he had no right to . 
 there was a reason the creator allowed them to forget their past lives . 
 no man should have to remember the failures of lews therin telamon . 
 she continued , layer after layer , stripping away the compulsion 's weaves like a hedge-doctor removing bandages from a wounded leg . 
 it was exhausting work , but fulfilling . 
 each weave fixed a wrong , healed the youth a little more , made something just a hair more right in the world . 
 it took the better part of an hour , and was a grueling experience . 
 but she did it . 
 as the last layer of compulsion vanished , she let out an exhausted sigh and released the one power , convinced that she could n't channel a single thread more if it were to save her life . 
 she wobbled over to a chair and slumped down . 
 min , she noticed , had curled up on the bench seat beside rand and had fallen asleep . 
 but he did not sleep . 
 the dragon reborn watched , as if seeing things nynaeve could not . 
 he stood up and walked to kerb . 
 in her dizzied state , nynaeve had n't noticed the young chandler 's face . 
 it was oddly blank , like that of a person dazed from a strong blow to the head . 
 rand lowered himself to one knee , cradling the youth 's chin in his hand , staring into his eyes . 
 `` where ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 the youth opened his mouth , and a line of drool leaked out the side of it . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 rand repeated . 
 kerb moaned , eyes still blank , tongue parting his lips just slightly . 
 `` rand ! '' 
 nynaeve said . 
 `` stop it ! 
 what are you doing to him ? '' 
 `` i have done nothing , '' rand said quietly , not looking toward her . 
 `` this is what you did , nynaeve , in unraveling those weaves . 
 graendal 's compulsions are powerful-but crude , in some ways . 
 she fills a mind with compulsion to such an extent as to erase personality and intellect , leaving behind a puppet who works only according to her direct commands . '' 
 `` but he was able to interact just moments ago ! '' 
 rand shook his head . 
 `` if you ask the men at the jail , they 'll tell you this one was slow of thought and rarely spoke to them . 
 there was no real person in this head , only layered weaves of compulsion . 
 instructions cleverly designed to wipe whatever personality this poor wretch had and replace it with a creature who would act exactly as graendal wished . 
 i 've seen it dozens of times . '' 
 dozens of times ? 
 nynaeve thought with a shiver . 
 you 've seen it , or lews tberin saw it ? 
 which memories rule you right now ? 
 she looked at kerb , sick to her stomach . 
 his eyes were n't blank from being dazed as she 'd thought ; they were more empty than that . 
 when nynaeve had been younger , new to her role as wisdom , a woman had been brought to her who had fallen off of her wagon . 
 the woman had slept for days , and when she 'd finally awoken , she 'd had a stare like this one . 
 no hint that she recognized anyone , no clue that there was any soul left in the husk that was her body . 
 she 'd died about a week later . 
 rand spoke to kerb again . 
 `` i need a location , '' rand said . 
 `` something . 
 if there is any vestige within you that resisted , any scrap that fought her , i promise you revenge . 
 a location . 
 where is she ? '' 
 spittle dripped from the boy 's lips . 
 they seemed to quiver . 
 rand stood up , looming , still holding the youth 's eyes with his own . 
 kerb shivered , then whispered two words . 
 `` natrin 's barrow . '' 
 rand exhaled softly , then released kerb with an almost reverent motion . 
 the youth slipped from the bench to the floor , spittle drooling from his lips onto the rug . 
 nynaeve cursed , leaping from her seat , then wobbling slightly as the room spun . 
 light , she was exhausted ! 
 she steadied herself , closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths . 
 then she knelt at the boy 's side . 
 `` you need n't bother , '' rand said . 
 `` he is dead . '' 
 nynaeve confirmed the death for herself . 
 then she snapped her head up , looking at rand . 
 what right did he have to look as exhausted as she felt ? 
 he had done barely anything ! 
 `` what did you - '' `` i did nothing , nynaeve . 
 i suspect that once you removed that compulsion , the only thing keeping him alive was his anger at graendal , buried deeply . 
 whatever bit of himself remained , it knew the only help it could give were those two words . 
 after that , he just let go . 
 there was nothing more we could do for him . '' 
 `` i do n't accept that , '' nynaeve said , frustrated . 
 `` he could have been healed ! '' 
 she should have been able to help him ! 
 undoing graendal 's compulsion had felt so good , so right . 
 it should n't have ended this way ! 
 she shuddered , feeling dirtied . 
 used . 
 how was she better than the jailer who had done such horrible things for information ? 
 she glared at rand . 
 he could have told her what removing compulsion would do ! 
 `` do n't look at me like that , nynaeve . '' 
 he walked to the door and gestured for the maidens there to collect kerb 's body . 
 they did so , carrying it away as rand called softly for a new pot of tea . 
 he returned , sitting down on the bench beside the sleeping min ; she 'd tucked one of the bench 's pillows under her head . 
 one of the two lamps in the room was burning low , and that left his face half in shadow . 
 `` this was the only way it could have happened , '' he continued . 
 `` the wheel weaves as the wheel wills . 
 you are aes sedai . 
 is that not one of your creeds ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what it is , '' nynaeve snapped , `` but it 's not an excuse for your actions . '' 
 `` what actions ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you brought this man to me . 
 graendal used compulsion on him . 
 now i will kill her for it-that action will be my sole responsibility . 
 now , let me be . 
 i shall try to go back to sleep . '' 
 `` do n't you feel any guilt at all ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 they locked eyes , nynaeve frustrated and helpless , rand ... . 
 who could guess what rand felt these days ! 
 `` should i suffer for them all , nynaeve ? '' 
 he asked quietly , rising , face still half in the darkness . 
 `` lay this death at my feet , if you wish . 
 it will just be one of many . 
 how many stones can you pile on a man 's body before the weight stops mattering ? 
 how far can you burn a lump of flesh until further heat is irrelevant ? 
 if i let myself feel guilt for this boy , then i would need to feel guilt for the others . 
 and it would crush me . '' 
 she regarded him in the half light . 
 a king , certainly . 
 a soldier , though he had only occasionally seen war . 
 she forced down her anger . 
 had n't this all been about proving to him that he could trust her ? 
 `` oh , rand , '' she said , turning away . 
 `` this thing you have become , the heart without any emotion but anger . 
 it will destroy you . '' 
 `` yes , '' he said softly . 
 she looked back at him , shocked . 
 `` i continue to wonder , '' he said , glancing down at min , `` why you all assume that i am too dense to see what you find so obvious . 
 yes , nynaeve . 
 yes , this hardness will destroy me . 
 i know . '' 
 `` then why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` why wo n't you let us help you ? '' 
 he looked up-not at her , but staring off at nothing . 
 a servant knocked quietly , wearing the white and forest green of milisair 's house . 
 she entered and deposited the new pot of tea , picked up the old one , then withdrew . 
 `` when i was much younger , '' he said , voice soft , `` tam told me of a story he 'd heard while traveling the world . 
 he spoke of dragonmount . 
 i did n't know at the time that he 'd actually seen it , nor that he had found me there . 
 i was just a shepherd boy , and dragonmount , tar valon and caemlyn were almost mythical places to me . 
 `` he told me of it , though , a mountain so high it made even twin-horn 's peak back home seem a dwarf . 
 tarn 's stories claimed no man had ever climbed to dragonmount 's peak . 
 not because it was impossible - but because reaching the top would take every last ounce of strength a man had . 
 so tall was the mountain that besting it would be a struggle that drained a man completely . '' 
 he fell silent . 
 `` so ? '' 
 nynaeve finally asked . 
 he looked at her . 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 the stories claimed no man had climbed the mountain because in doing so , he would be without strength to return . 
 a mountaineer could best it , reach the top , see what no man had ever seen . 
 but then he would die . 
 the strongest and wisest explorers knew this . 
 so they never climbed it . 
 they always wanted to , but they waited , reserving that trip for another day . 
 for they knew it would be their last . '' 
 `` but that 's just a story , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` a legend . '' 
 `` that 's what i am , '' rand said . 
 `` a story . 
 a legend . 
 to be told to children years from now , spoken of in whispers . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` sometimes , you ca n't turn back . 
 you have to keep pressing on . 
 and sometimes , you know this climb is your last . 
 `` you all claim that i have grown too hard , that i will inevitably shatter and break if i continue on . 
 but you assume that there needs to be something left of me to continue on . 
 that i need to climb back down the mountain once i 've reached the top . 
 `` that 's the key , nynaeve . 
 i see it now . 
 i will not live through this , and so i do n't need to worry about what might happen to me after the last battle . 
 i do n't need to hold back , do n't need to salvage anything of this beaten up soul of mine . 
 i know that i must die . 
 those who wish for me to be softer , willing to bend , are those who can not accept what will happen to me . '' 
 he looked down at min again . 
 many times before , nynaeve had seen affection in his eyes when he regarded her , but this time they were blank . 
 set in that same , emotionless face . 
 `` we can find a way , rand , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` surely there is a way to win but also let you live . '' 
 `` no , '' he growled softly . 
 `` do not tempt me down that path again . 
 it only leads to pain , nynaeve . 
 i ... i used to think about leaving something behind to help the world survive once i died , but that was a struggle to keep living . 
 i ca n't indulge myself . 
 i 'll climb this bloody mountain and face the sun . 
 you all will deal with what comes next . 
 that is how it must be . '' 
 she opened her mouth to object again , but he gave her a sharp glance . 
 `` that is how it must be , nynaeve . '' 
 she closed her mouth . 
 `` you did well tonight , '' rand said . 
 `` you have saved us all a lot of trouble . '' 
 `` i did it because i want you to trust me , '' nynaeve said , then immediately cursed herself . 
 why had she said that ? 
 was she really so tired that she blabbed the first thing that came to her mind ? 
 rand just nodded . 
 `` i do trust you , nynaeve . 
 as much as i trust anyone ; more than i trust most . 
 you think you know what is best for me , even against my wishes , but that is something i can accept . 
 the difference between you and cadsuane is that you actually care about me . 
 she only cares about my place in her plans . 
 she wants me to be part of the last battle . 
 you want me to live . 
 for that , you have my thanks . 
 dream on my behalf , nynaeve . 
 dream for things i no longer can . '' 
 he leaned down to pick up min ; he managed it despite his missing hand , snaking one arm underneath her and gripping with his hand as he lifted her up . 
 she stirred , then snuggled in close to him , waking and murmuring a complaint that she could walk . 
 he did n't put her down ; perhaps because of the exhaustion in her voice . 
 nynaeve knew she stayed up with her books most nights , pushing herself almost as hard as rand did . 
 carrying min , he walked toward the door . 
 `` we will deal with the seanchan first , '' he said . 
 `` be well prepared for that meeting . 
 i will take care of graendal soon after . '' 
 he left her then . 
 the flickering lamp finally gave out , leaving only the one on the table . 
 rand had surprised her again . 
 he was still a wool-headed fool , but he was a surprisingly self-aware one . 
 how could a man understand so much , yet still be so ignorant ? 
 and why could n't she come up with an argument against what he 'd said ? 
 why could n't she make herself yell at him that he was wrong ? 
 there was always hope . 
 by surrendering that most important emotion , he might make himself strong-but risked losing all reason he might have to care about the outcome of his battles . 
 for some reason , she could n't find words for the argument . 
 chapter 34 legends all right , '' mat said , unrolling one of roidelle 's best maps on his table . 
 talmanes , thorn , noal , juilin and mandevwin had arranged their chairs around the table . 
 beside the map of the area , mat unrolled a sketch of the layout of a medium-sized town . 
 it had taken some doing to find a merchant willing to sketch them a map of trustair , but after hinderstap , mat did n't like to go into a town without knowing what they were up against . 
 mat 's pavilion was shaded by the pine forest outside , and the day was cool . 
 occasionally , the wind would blow , and a small sprinkle of dead pine needles would shake free from the boughs above and fall to the ground , some scratching the top of the tent as they fell . 
 outside , soldiers called to one another and pots clanged as the midday meal was distributed . 
 mat studied the town map . 
 it was time to stop being a fool . 
 the whole world had decided to turn against him-even rural mountain towns were death traps , these days . 
 next he knew , the daisies on the sides of the road would be ganging up to try and eat him . 
 that thought gave him pause as he remembered the poor peddler , sinking into the phantom shiotan town . 
 when that ghostly place had vanished , it had left behind a meadow with butterflies and flowers . 
 including daisies . 
 burn me , he thought . 
 well , matrim cauthon was n't about to end up dead on some random backwater road . 
 this time he would plan and he would be ready . 
 he nodded to himself in satisfaction . 
 `` the inn is here , '' mat said , pointing at the town map . 
 `` the shaken fist . 
 two separate travelers agreed that it was a fine inn , the nicest of the three in the town . 
 the woman looking for me has n't made any effort to hide her whereabouts , so that means she thinks that she is well protected . 
 we can expect guards . '' 
 mat pulled out another of roidelle 's maps , one that better showed the geography around trustair . 
 the town sat in a small hollow , surrounded by gently rolling hills beside a small lake fed by highland springs . 
 the lake reportedly produced some fine trout , the salting of which was the town 's main trade . 
 `` i want three squads of light cavalry here , '' mat said , pointing at an upper slope . 
 `` they 'll be hidden by the trees , but will have full view of the skies . 
 if a red nightflower goes up , they 're to come in directly along the main road here for a rescue . 
 we 'll have a hundred crossbowmen sequestered on either side of the town as a backup to the cavalry . 
 if the nightflower is green instead , the cavalry is to march in and secure the main roads to the town , here , here and here . '' 
 mat looked up , pointing at thom . 
 `` thorn , you 'll take harnan , fer-gin and mandevwin as ` apprentices ' and noal can be your footman . '' 
 `` footman ? '' 
 noal asked . 
 he was a gnarled man , missing teeth , with a hooked beak of a nose . 
 but he was tough as an old , battle-scored sword passed down from father to son . 
 `` why does a gleeman need a footman ? '' 
 `` all right , '' mat said . 
 `` you can be his brother then , who doubles as a manservant . 
 juilin , you - '' `` wait , mat , '' mandevwin said , scratching his face near his eye patch . 
 `` i 'm to be an apprentice gleeman ? 
 i 'm not certain my voice is suited to fine singing . 
 you 've heard me , i warrant . 
 and with only one eye , i doubt i 'll fare well at juggling . '' 
 `` you 're a new apprentice , '' mat said . 
 `` thom knows you do n't have any talent , but he took pity on you because your great-aunt-with whom you 've lived since your parents died in a tragic oxen stampede-took sick of the clover pox and went crazy . 
 she started feeding you table scraps and treated you like the family hound , marks , who 'd run away when you were just seven . '' 
 mandevwin scratched his head . 
 his hair was streaked with gray . 
 `` are n't i a little old to be an apprentice , though ? '' 
 `` nonsense , '' mat said . 
 `` you 're young at heart , and since you never married-the only woman you ever loved ran away with the tanner 's son-thorn 's arrival offered you an opportunity to start fresh . '' 
 `` but i do n't want to leave my great-aunt , '' mandevwin protested . 
 `` she 's cared for me since i was a child ! 
 it 's not honest of a man to abandon an elderly woman just because she gets a little confused . '' 
 `` there is no great-aunt , '' mat said with exasperation . 
 `` this is just a legend , a story to go with your false name . '' 
 `` ca n't i have a story that makes me more honorable ? '' 
 mandevwin asked . 
 `` too late , '' mat said , rifling through a stack on his desk , searching out a cluster of five pages covered in scrawled handwriting . 
 `` you ca n't change now . 
 i spent half the night working on your story . 
 it 's the best out of the lot . 
 here , memorize this . '' 
 he handed it over to mandevwin , then got out another stack of papers and began looking through them . 
 `` are you sure we 're not taking this a little too far , lad ? '' 
 thom asked . 
 `` i 'm not going to be surprised again , thom , '' mat said . 
 `` burn me , but i 'm not going to let it happen . 
 i 'm tired of walking into traps unprepared . 
 i plan to take command of my own destiny , stop running from problem to problem . 
 it 's time to be in charge . '' 
 `` and you do that with ... '' julin said . 
 `` elaborate aliases with backstories , '' mat said , handing thom and noal their sheets . 
 `` bloody right i do . '' 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 talmanes asked . 
 that twinkle to his eyes was back , though he spoke with a completely earnest voice . 
 `` let me guess , mat . 
 i 'm a traveling merchant who once trained with the aiel and who has come to the village because he 's heard there 's a trout that lives in the lake who insulted his father . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' mat said , handing him his sheets . 
 `` you 're a warder . '' 
 `` that 's rather suspicious , '' talmanes noted . 
 `` you 're supposed to be suspicious , '' mat said . 
 `` it 's always easier to beat a man in cards when he 's thinking about something else . 
 well , you 'll be our ` something else . ' 
 a warder passing through town on mysterious business wo n't be so grand an event that it will draw too much attention , but to those who know what to look for , it will be a good distraction . 
 you can use fen 's cloak . 
 he said he 'd let me borrow it ; he still feels guilty for letting those serving women get away . '' 
 `` of course , you did n't tell him that they simply vanished , '' thom added . 
 `` and that there was no way for him to keep it from happening . '' 
 `` did n't see the point of telling him , '' mat said . 
 `` no use dwelling on the past , i say . '' 
 `` a warder , is it ? '' 
 talmanes said , flipping through his stack of papers . 
 `` i 'll have to practice scowling . '' 
 mat regarded him with a flat expression . 
 `` you 're not taking this seriously . '' 
 `` what did you ask ? 
 is there someone who is taking this seriously ? '' 
 burn that twinkle . 
 had mat really ever thought this man was slow to laugh ? 
 he just did it on the inside . 
 that was the most infuriating way . 
 `` light , talmanes , '' mat said . 
 `` a woman in that town is looking for perrin and me . 
 she knows what we look like so well that she can produce a drawing more accurate than my own mother could have made . 
 that gives me a chill , like the dark one himself standing over my shoulder . 
 and i ca n't go into the flaming place myself , since every bloody man , woman and child has a picture with my face on it and a promise of gold for information ! 
 `` now maybe i went a little far with the preparations , but i intend to find this person before they can order a flock of darkfriends-or worse -- to cut my throat in the night . 
 understood ? '' 
 mat looked each of the five men in the eyes , nodded , and started toward the tent flap , but paused beside talmanes 's chair . 
 mat cleared his throat , then half mumbled , `` you secretly harbor a love of painting , and you wish you could escape this life of death you 've committed yourself to . 
 you came through trustair on your way south , rather than taking a more direct route , because you love the mountains . 
 you 're hoping to hear word of your younger brother , whom you have n't seen in years , and who disappeared on a hunting trip in southern andor . 
 you have a very tortured past . 
 read page four . '' 
 mat hurried on , pushing his way out into the shaded noon , though he did catch a glimpse of talmanes rolling his eyes . 
 burn the man ! 
 there was good drama in those pages ! 
 through the pine trees he could see that the sky was cloudy . 
 again . 
 when was that going to end ? 
 mat shook his head as he walked through camp , nodding to the groups of soldiers who offered him salutes or calls of greeting to `` lord mat . '' 
 the band were staying here for the day - camped on a secluded , wooded hillside a half-day march from the town - while they made final preparations for the assault . 
 the three-needle pines here were tall , and their limbs spread wide , the shade keeping underbrush to a minimum . 
 tents clustered in groups around the pines , and the air was cool and shaded , smelling of sap and loam . 
 he went about the camp , checking into the workings of his men and seeing that everything was being handled efficiently . 
 those old memories , the ones that the eelfinn had given him , had begun to blend so evenly with his own that he could hardly tell which instincts came from them and which were his own . 
 it was good to be among the band again ; he had n't realized how much he 'd missed them . 
 it would be nice to reunite with the rest of the men , the troops led by estean and daerid . 
 hopefully , they 'd had an easier time of it than mat 's force had . 
 the cavalry banners came first in his rounds . 
 they were separate from the rest of the camp-horsemen always considered themselves superior to foot . 
 today , as all too often , the men were worried about feed for their horses . 
 to a good cavalryman , his horse always came first . 
 their trip from hinderstap had been hard on the animals , particularly since there was n't much to graze on . 
 little was growing this spring , and the winter 's leavings were strangely sparse . 
 horses would refuse patches of thatch , almost as if it had gone bad , like other food stores . 
 they did n't have much grain ; they had hoped to live off the land , as they were moving too quickly for grain wagons . 
 well , he 'd just have to find something to do about that . 
 mat assured the cavalrymen he was working on the problem , and they took him at his word . 
 lord mat had n't let them down yet . 
 of course , the ones he had let down were rotting in their graves . 
 he denied a request to fly the banner . 
 perhaps after the raid on trustair . 
 he did n't have any true foot with him at the moment ; they were all with estean and daerid . 
 talmanes had wisely understood that they 'd need mobility , and had brought the three banners of horse and nearly four thousand mounted crossbowmen . 
 mat checked on the crossbowmen next , pausing to watch a couple of squads drilling in firing ranks at the back of the camp . 
 mat stopped beside a tall pine , its lowest branches a good two feet above his head , leaning against the trunk . 
 the line of crossbowmen were n't practicing their aim so much as their coordination . 
 you did n't really aim in most battles , which was why the crossbows worked so well . 
 they required a tenth the training of a longbow . 
 sure , the latter could fire faster and farther , but if you did n't have a lifetime to spare practicing , then these crossbows were a fine substitute . 
 besides , the crossbow reloading process made it easier to train the ranks to fire together . 
 the squad 's captain stood on the far side , slapping a rod against the side of a tree once every two seconds to give a beat . 
 each crack of the wood was an order . 
 raise crossbows to the shoulder on the first . 
 fire on the second . 
 lower on the third . 
 crank on the fourth . 
 up to the shoulder again on the fifth . 
 the men were getting good-firing in coordinated waves made for more consistent killing . 
 each fourth crack let loose a wave of bolts into the trees . 
 we 'll need more of those , mat thought , noticing how many of the bolts splintered during the training shots . 
 you wasted more ammunition practicing than you did fighting , but each bolt now could be worth two or three in combat . 
 the men were getting good indeed . 
 if he 'd had a few banners worth of these when he 'd fought at bioodwash falls , perhaps nashif would have learned his lesson a lot sooner . 
 of course , they 'd be more useful if they could fire faster . 
 the cranking was the slow point . 
 not the turn of the crank itself , but the necessity of lowering the crossbow each time . 
 it cost four seconds just to move the weapon about . 
 these new cranks and boxes that talmanes had learned to make from that mechanic in murandy sped things up greatly . 
 but the mechanic had been on his way to sell the cranks in caemlyn , and who knew who else had bought them along the way ? 
 before too long , everyone might have them . 
 an advantage was negated if both you and your enemies had it . 
 those boxes had given a lot to mat 's success in altara against the seanchan . 
 he was loath to surrender the advantage . 
 could he find a way to make the bows fire even faster ? 
 thoughtful , he checked on a few more things in the camp-the al-tarans they 'd recruited into the band were settling in well , and other than feed for the horses and perhaps crossbow bolts , supplies looked good . 
 satisfied , he went looking for aludra . 
 she had established herself near the back of the camp , alongside a little cleft in the rocky hillside . 
 though this spot was much smaller than the glade of trees the aes sedai and their attendants used , it was noticeably more secluded . 
 mat had to weave around three separate cloth sheets hanging between trees-placed carefully to block any view into aludra 's workspace-before he reached her . 
 and he had to stop when bayle domon held out a hand , holding mat back until aludra gave leave for him to enter . 
 the slender , dark-haired illuminator sat on a stump in the center of her little camp , powders , rolls of paper , a writing board for notes and tools neatly arranged on strips of cloth on the ground around her . 
 she no longer wore her braids , and her long hair fell loose around her shoulders . 
 that made her look odd to mat . 
 still pretty , though . 
 burn it , mat . 
 you 're married now , he told himself . 
 aludra was pretty , though . 
 egeanin was there , holding a nightflower shell upright for aludra to work on . 
 aludra 's full-lipped face frowned in concentration as she tapped lightly on the shell . 
 egeanin 's dark hair was growing out , making her look less and less like one of the seanchan nobility . 
 mat still had trouble trying to decide what to call the woman . 
 she wanted to be known as leilwin , and sometimes he thought of her like that . 
 it was foolish to go about changing your name just because someone said you had to , but he did n't really blame her for not wanting to rile tuon . 
 she was a bloody stubborn one , tuon was . 
 he found himself glancing to the south again , but caught himself . 
 blood and ashes ! 
 she 'd be just fine . 
 anyway , tuon was gone now . 
 so why did egeanin continue the charade of calling herself leilwin ? 
 mat had actually called her by her old name once or twice after tuon 's departure , but had received a curt reprimand . 
 women ! 
 they made no sense , and seanchan women least of all . 
 mat glanced at bayle domon . 
 the muscular , bearded illianer leaned against a tree near the entrance to aludra 's camp , two flapping white sheets of cloth extending in either direction near him . 
 he still held out a warning hand . 
 as if this entire camp were n't mat 's in the first place ! 
 mat did n't push his way past , though . 
 he could n't afford to offend aludra . 
 she was flaming close to being done with those dragon designs of hers , and he meant to have those . 
 but light , if it did n't smart to have to pass a checkpoint in his own camp ! 
 aludra looked up from her work , tucking a stray lock of hair behind her ear . 
 she noted mat , then looked back to her nightflower and began tapping with the hammer again . 
 bloody ashes ! 
 seeing that reminded him why he visited aludra so infrequently . 
 the checkpoint was bad enough , but did the woman have to pound on something explosive with a hammer ? 
 had she no sense at all ? 
 the entire lot of illuminators were that way , though . 
 short a few foals of a full herd , as mat 's father might say . 
 `` he may enter , '' aludra said . 
 `` thank you , master domon . '' 
 `` it do be a pleasure , mistress aludra , '' bayle said , lowering his hand and nodding amiably to mat . 
 mat straightened his coat and walked forward , intent on asking about crossbows . 
 something immediately caught his eye , however . 
 spread out on the ground behind aludra were a series of neat pages with detailed drawings , along with a list of notations with numbers beside them . 
 `` are these the plans for the dragons ? '' 
 mat asked eagerly . 
 he knelt down on one knee to inspect the sheets , without touching them . 
 aludra could be particular about that kind of thing . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she was still tapping with her hammer . 
 she eyed him , looking just faintly uncomfortable . 
 because of tuon , he suspected . 
 `` and these figures ? '' 
 mat tried to ignore the awkwardness . 
 `` supply requirements , '' she said . 
 she put down her hammer and inspected the cylindrical nightflower from all sides . 
 she nodded to leilwin . 
 bloody ashes , but the figures were large ! 
 a mountain of charcoal , sulphur and ... bat guano ? 
 the notes claimed there was a city specializing in producing it over in the northern reaches of the mountains of mist . 
 what city specialized in gathering bat guano , of all things ? 
 there were requirements for copper and tin as well , though for some reason there were no numbers beside those . 
 just a little star notation . 
 mat shook his head . 
 how would the common people react if they knew that the majestic nightflowers were just a paper , powder and-of all things-bat dung ? 
 no wonder illuminators were so secretive with their craft . 
 it was n't just about preventing competition . 
 the more you knew about the process , the less wondrous and more ordinary it became . 
 `` this is a lot of material , '' mat said . 
 `` a miracle , that is what you asked me for , matrim cauthon , '' she replied , handing her nightflower to leilwin and picking up her writing board . 
 she made some notations on the sheet strapped to the front . 
 `` that miracle , i have broken down into a list of ingredients . 
 a feat which is in itself miraculous , yes ? 
 do not complain of the heat when someone offers you the sun in the palm of her hands . '' 
 `` does n't seem so manageable to me , '' mat muttered , mostly to himself . 
 `` is this figure the costs ? '' 
 `` i am not a scribe , '' aludra said . 
 `` those are estimates only . 
 the calculations , i have taken them as far as i can go , but the rest will have to be figured by those more proficient . 
 the dragon reborn , he can afford such costs . '' 
 leilwin watched mat with a curious expression . 
 things had changed with her , too , because of tuon . 
 but not in the way he 'd expected . 
 mention of rand brought the colors swirling into mat 's vision , and he suppressed a sigh as he shook them away . 
 maybe rand could manage costs like these , but mat certainly could n't . 
 why , he 'd have to dice with the queen of andor herself to find this kind of coin ! 
 but that was rand 's problem . 
 burn him , he 'd better appreciate what mat was going through for him . 
 `` this does n't include a manpower estimate , '' mat noticed , scanning the sheets again . 
 `` how many bellfounders are you going to need for this project ? '' 
 `` every one you can get , '' aludra said curtly . 
 `` is that not what you promised me ? 
 every bellfounder from andor to tear . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' mat said . 
 he had n't actually expected her to take him literally on that . 
 `` what about copper and tin ? 
 you do n't have an estimate of those . '' 
 `` i need all of it . '' 
 `` all of . 
 ... what do you mean , all of it ? '' 
 `` all of it , '' she repeated , as simply and calmly as if she were asking for more cloudberry jam for her porridge . 
 `` every scrap of copper and tin you can scrounge up this side of the spine of the world . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` perhaps that does seem too ambitious . '' 
 `` bloody right it 's ambitious , '' mat muttered . 
 `` yes , '' aludra said . 
 `` let us assume the dragon has control of caemlyn , cairhien , illian and tear . 
 if he were to provide me with access to each and every mine and metal store of copper and tin in those four cities , i suppose it would be sufficient . '' 
 `` every metal store , '' mat said flatly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` in four of the world 's largest cities . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and you ` suppose ' that would be sufficient . '' 
 `` i believe that is what i said , matrim cauthon . '' 
 `` great . 
 i 'll see what i can do about that . 
 would you like the bloody dark one to come polish your shoes while you 're at it ? 
 maybe we could dig up artur hawkwing and get him to do a dance for you . '' 
 leilwin gave mat a glare at the mention of artur hawkwing . 
 after a moment , aludra finished her annotations , then turned to regard mat . 
 she spoke flatly , just vaguely hostile . 
 `` my dragons , they will be a great power for a man of war . 
 you claim what i have given you is extravagant . 
 it is only needed . '' 
 she eyed him . 
 `` i will not lie and say i did n't expect this dismissiveness from you , master cauthon . 
 pessimism , she is a fond friend of yours , yes ? '' 
 `` that 's uncalled for , '' mat grumbled , glancing back down at the drawings . 
 `` i barely know her . 
 mere acquaintances , at best . 
 you 've got my oath on it . '' 
 that earned a snort from bayle . 
 whether it was one of amusement or derision was impossible to tell without looking back to judge his face . 
 mat did n't glance at him . 
 aludra was staring at him . 
 their eyes met for a moment , and mat realized he 'd probably been too curt with her . 
 maybe he was uncomfortable around her . 
 a little . 
 they 'd been getting close before tuon . 
 and was that pain , hidden in aludra 's eyes ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , aludra , '' he said . 
 `` i should n't have talked like that . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` look , i know that ... well , it 's odd how tuon - '' she waved a hand , cutting him off . 
 `` it is nothing . 
 i have my dragons . 
 you have brought me the chance to create them . 
 other matters are no longer of concern . 
 i wish you happiness . '' 
 `` well , '' he said . 
 he rubbed his chin , then sighed . 
 best to just let it pass . 
 `` anyway , i hope i can get this done . 
 you ask for a lot of resources . '' 
 `` these bellfounders and materials , '' she said , `` they are what i need . 
 no more and no less . 
 i have done what i can here , without resources . 
 i will still need to spend weeks testing-we will need to make a single dragon first , to check . 
 so you have some time to gather all of this . 
 but it will take much time , and yet you refuse to tell me when the dragons will be needed . '' 
 `` ca n't tell you things i do n't know myself , aludra , '' mat said , glancing northward . 
 he felt a strange tugging , as if someone had hooked a fisherman 's line about his insides and was softly-but insistently-pulling on it . 
 rand , is that you , burn you ? 
 colors swirled . 
 `` soon , aludra , '' he found himself saying . 
 `` time is short . 
 so short . '' 
 she hesitated , as if sensing something in his voice . 
 `` well , '' she said . 
 `` if that be the case , then my requests are not so extravagant , yes ? 
 if the world goes to war , the forges will soon be needed for arrowheads and horseshoes . 
 better to put them to work now on my dragons . 
 let me assure you , each one we finish will be worth a thousand swords in battle . '' 
 mat sighed , stood up and tipped his hat to her . 
 `` all right , then , '' he said . 
 `` fair enough . 
 assuming rand does n't bloody burn me to a crisp the moment i suggest this , i 'll see what i can do . '' 
 `` you would be wise to show mistress aludra respect , '' leilwin said , eyeing mat , speaking with that slow seanchan drawl . 
 `` rather than being so flippant toward her . '' 
 `` that was sincere ! '' 
 mat said . 
 `` that last part was , at least . 
 burn me , woman . 
 ca n't you tell when a man 's being sincere ? '' 
 she eyed him , as if trying to decide if that very pronouncement were some kind of mockery . 
 mat rolled his eyes . 
 women ! 
 `` mistress aludra is brilliant , '' leilwin said sternly . 
 `` you do n't understand the gift she is giving you in these plans . 
 why , if the empire had these weapons ... . '' 
 `` well , see that you do n't give them to it , leilwin , '' mat said . 
 `` i do n't want to wake up one morning and find that you 've run off with these plans in an attempt at retrieving your title ! '' 
 she looked insulted that he 'd suggest such a thing , though it seemed like the logical thing to do . 
 seanchan had an odd sense of honor-tuon had n't tried once to flee from him , though she 'd had ample opportunity . 
 of course , tuon had suspected from near the beginning that she 'd marry him . 
 she 'd had that damane 's foretelling . 
 burn him , he would n't look southward again . 
 he would n't ! 
 `` my ship is being driven by different winds now , master cauthon , '' leilwin said simply , turning from him and glancing at bayle . 
 `` but you would n't help us fight the seanchan , '' mat protested . 
 `` it seems that you 'd - '' `` you do be swimming in deep water right now , lad , '' bayle interjected in a soft voice . 
 `` aye , deep water , filled with lionfish . 
 it may be time to stop splashing so loudly . '' 
 mat closed his mouth . 
 `` all right then , '' he said . 
 should n't the two of them be treating him with more respect ? 
 was n't he some kind of high seanchan prince or something ? 
 he should have known that would n't help him with leilwin or the bearded sailor . 
 anyway , he had been sincere . 
 aludra 's words made sense , crazy though they sounded at first . 
 they would need to dedicate a lot of foundries to the work . 
 the weeks it was going to take him to reach caemlyn seemed even more galling now . 
 those weeks spent on the road should be spent building dragons ! 
 a wise man learned that there was no use fretting over long marches-but mat felt far from wise lately . 
 `` all right , '' he said again . 
 he looked back at aludra . 
 `` though-for completely different reasons-i 'd like to take these plans with me and keep them safe . '' 
 `` completely different reasons ? '' 
 leilwin asked in a flat tone , as if searching for another insult . 
 `` yes , '' mat said . 
 `` those reasons being that i do n't want them here when aludra taps one of those nightflowers the wrong way and blows herself halfway to tarwin 's gap ! '' 
 aludra chuckled at that , though leilwin looked offended again . 
 it was hard not to offend a seanchan . 
 them and the bloody aiel . 
 strange how opposite they could be in many ways , yet the same in so many others . 
 `` you may take the plans , mat , '' aludra said . 
 `` so long as you keep them in that trunk with your gold . 
 that is one object in this camp that will receive the greatest attention from you . '' 
 `` thank you kindly , '' he said , stooping to gather up the pages , ignoring the veiled insult . 
 had n't they just made up ? 
 bloody woman . 
 `` by the way , i nearly forgot . 
 do you know anything about crossbows , aludra ? '' 
 `` crossbows ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , '' mat said , stacking the papers . 
 `` i figure there should be a way to make them load faster . 
 you know , like those new cranks , only maybe with some kind of spring or something . 
 maybe a crank you could twist without having to lower the weapon first . '' 
 `` this is hardly my area of expertise , mat , '' aludra said . 
 `` i know . 
 but you 're smart about things like this , and maybe ... . '' 
 `` you will have to find someone else , '' aludra said , turning to pick up another half-finished nightflower . 
 `` i am far too busy . '' 
 mat reached up under his hat , scratching his head . 
 `` that - '' `` mat ! '' 
 a voice called . 
 `` mat , you 've got to come with me ! '' 
 mat turned as olver ran into aludra 's camp . 
 bayle held out a warning hand , but of course olver just ran right beneath it . 
 mat straightened up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` someone 's come to the camp , '' olver said , excitement painting his features . 
 and those features were a sight . 
 ears that were too big for his head , nose that was squashed down , mouth that was too wide . 
 on a child his age , the ugliness was endearing . 
 he 'd have no such luck when he grew older . 
 maybe the men in camp were right to be teaching him weapons . 
 with a face like that , he 'd better know how to defend himself . 
 `` wait , slow down , '' mat said , tucking aludra 's plans into his belt . 
 `` someone 's come ? 
 who ? 
 why do you need me ? '' 
 `` talmanes sent me to fetch you , '' olver said . 
 `` he thinks she 's someone important . 
 said to tell you she 's got some pages with your picture on them , and that she 's got a ` distinctive face , ' whatever that means . 
 that ... . '' 
 olver continued , but mat had stopped listening . 
 he nodded to alu-dra and the others , then trotted out of her camp , past the sheets and out into the woods proper . 
 olver tagged along behind as mat hurried to the front of the camp . 
 there , sitting on a short-legged white mare , was a pudgy woman with a grandmotherly air , a brown dress , and streaks of gray in her hair , which was pulled back in a bun . 
 she was surrounded by a group of soldiers , talmanes and mandevwin standing directly in front of her , like two stone pillars barring entrance to a harbor . 
 the woman had an aes sedai face , and an aging warder stood beside her horse . 
 though he had graying hair , the stocky man exuded that sense of danger that all warders had . 
 he studied the band 's soldiers with unyielding eyes , arms folded . 
 the aes sedai smiled at mat as he trotted up . 
 `` ah , very nice , '' she said primly . 
 `` you 've grown prompt since we last parted , matrim cau-thon . '' 
 `` verin , '' mat said , panting slightly from the run . 
 he glanced at talmanes who held up a sheet of paper , one of those imprinted with mat 's face . 
 `` you 've discovered that someone 's been distributing pictures of me in trustair ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 he looked at her , meeting those dark brown aes sedai eyes . 
 `` blood and bloody ashes , '' he muttered . 
 `` it was you , was n't it ? 
 you 're the one who 's been looking for me ! '' 
 `` for some time , i might add , '' verin said lightly . 
 `` and rather against my will . '' 
 mat closed his eyes . 
 so much for his intricate plan for the raid . 
 burn it ! 
 and it was a good plan , too . 
 `` how 'd you find i was here ? '' 
 he asked , opening his eyes . 
 `` a kind merchant came to me in trustair an hour ago and explained that he 'd just had a nice meeting with you , and that you 'd paid him handsomely for a sketch of trustair . 
 i figured that i 'd spare the poor town an assault by your ... associates and just come to you myself . '' 
 `` an hour ago ? '' 
 mat said , frowning . 
 `` but trustair is still half a day 's march away ! '' 
 `` indeed it is . '' 
 verin smiled . 
 `` burn me , '' he said . 
 `` you 've got traveling , do n't you ? '' 
 her smile deepened . 
 `` i surmise that you 're trying to get to andor with this army , master cauthon . '' 
 `` that depends , '' mat said . 
 `` can you take us there ? '' 
 `` in a very short time , '' verin said . 
 `` i could have your men in caem-lyn by evening . '' 
 light ! 
 twenty days shaved off his march ? 
 maybe he could get alu-dra 's dragons into production soon ! 
 he hesitated , eyeing verin , forcing himself to contain his excitement . 
 there was always a cost when aes sedai were involved . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` frankly , '' she replied , sighing slightly . 
 `` what i want , matrim cau-thon , is to be cut free from your ta ` veren web ! 
 do you know how long you 've forced me to wait in these mountains ? '' 
 `` forced ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` come , we have much to discuss . '' 
 she flicked her reins , moving her horse into camp , and talmanes and mandevwin reluctantly stepped aside , letting her in . 
 mat joined the two of them , watching as she made straight for the cook fires . 
 `` i guess there wo n't be a raid , '' talmanes said . 
 he did n't sound sad . 
 mandevwin fingered his eye patch . 
 `` does this mean i can go back to my poor aged aunt ? '' 
 `` you have no poor aged aunt , '' mat growled . 
 `` come on , let 's hear what the woman has to say . '' 
 `` fine , '' mandevwin said . 
 `` but next time , i get to be the warder , all right , mat ? '' 
 mat just sighed , hurrying after verin . 
 chapter 35 a halo of blackness the cool sea breeze washed across rand the moment he rode through the gateway . 
 that soft , featherlike wind carried with it the scents of a thousand cook fires scattered through the city of falme , heating morning stews . 
 rand reined in tai ` daishar , unprepared for the memories those scents would carry with them . 
 memories of a time when he 'd still been uncertain about his role in the world . 
 memories of a time when mat had constantly ribbed him for wearing fine coats , despite the fact that rand tried to avoid them . 
 memories of a time when he had been ashamed of the banners that now flapped behind him . 
 he had once insisted on keeping them hidden , as if in doing so he could hide from his own fate . 
 the procession waited for him , buckles creaking , horses snorting . 
 rand had visited falme once , briefly . 
 back in those days , he had n't been able to stay anywhere for long . 
 he 'd spent those months either chasing or being chased . 
 fain had led him to falme , bearing the horn of valere and the ruby dagger to which mat had been bound . 
 the colors flashed again , as he thought of mat , but rand ignored them . 
 for these few moments , he was n't in the present . 
 falme marked a turning point in rand 's life as profound as the one that had later occurred in the barren lands of the aiel , when he had proven himself to be the car ` a ` cam . 
 after falme , there had been no more hiding , no more fighting what he was . 
 this was the place where he 'd first acknowledged himself as a killer , the place where he 'd first realized what a danger he was to those around him . 
 he 'd tried to leave them all behind . 
 they 'd come after him . 
 at falme , the shepherd boy had burned , his ashes scattered and blown away by those ocean winds . 
 from those ashes , the dragon reborn had risen . 
 rand kneed tai ` daishar forward , and the procession began again . 
 he had ordered the gateway opened a short ride from the city , hopefully out of eyesight of damane . 
 of course he had asha ` man creating it-thereby hiding the weaves from women-but he did n't want to give them any clues about traveling . 
 the seanchan inability to travel was one of his greatest advantages . 
 falme itself stood on a small spit of land-toman head-jutting out into the aryth ocean . 
 high cliffs along both sides broke the waves , creating a soft , distant roar . 
 the city 's dark stone buildings covered the peninsula like rocks on the bed of a river . 
 most were squat , one-story buildings-built wide , as if the inhabitants expected the waves to wash up over the cliffs and crash against their homes . 
 the grasslands here did n't show as much withering as the land did to the north , but the new spring grass was starting to look yellow and wan , as if the blades regretted poking their heads out of the soil . 
 the peninsula sloped down to a natural harbor , and numerous seanchan ships lay at anchor there . 
 seanchan flags flew , proclaiming this city a part of their empire ; the banner that fluttered highest above the city displayed a golden hawk in flight , clutching three bolts of lightning . 
 it was fringed with blue . 
 the strange creatures the seanchan had brought from their side of the ocean moved through distant streets , too far off for rand to make out details . 
 raken flew in the sky ; the seanchan apparently had a large stable of them here . 
 toman head was just south of arad doman , and this city was no doubt a major staging area for the seanchan campaign to the north . 
 that conquest would end today . 
 rand had to make peace , had to convince the daughter of the nine moons to call off her armies . 
 that peace would be the calm before a storm . 
 he would n't be protecting his people from war ; just preserving them so that they could die for him elsewhere . 
 but he would do what had to be done . 
 nynaeve rode up beside him as they continued toward falme . 
 her neat dress of blue and white was cut after the domani fashion , but made of a much thicker-and far more modest-material . 
 she seemed to be adopting fashions from around the world , wearing dresses from the cities she visited , but imposing her own sense of what was proper upon them . 
 once , perhaps , rand would have found this amusing . 
 that emotion no longer seemed possible for him . 
 he could only feel the cold stillness inside , the stillness that capped a fountain of frozen rage . 
 he would keep the rage and stillness balanced long enough . 
 he had to . 
 `` and so we return , '' nynaeve said . 
 her multicolor ter ` angreal jewelry somewhat spoiled the look of her neatly tailored dress . 
 `` yes , '' rand said . 
 `` i remember the last time we were here , '' she said idly . 
 `` such chaos , such madness . 
 and at the end of it all , we found you with that wound in your side . '' 
 `` yes , '' rand whispered . 
 he had earned that first of his unhealable wounds here , fighting ishamael in the skies above the city . 
 the wound grew warm as he thought of it . 
 warm , and painful . 
 he had started regarding that pain as an old friend , a reminder that he was alive . 
 `` i saw you up in the air , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` i did n't believe it . 
 i ... tried to heal that wound , but i was still blocked then , and could n't summon the anger . 
 min would n't leave your side . '' 
 min had n't come with him this day . 
 she remained close to him , but something had changed between them . 
 just as he had always feared that it would . 
 when she looked at him , he knew she saw him killing her . 
 just a few weeks before , he would n't have been able to keep her from accompanying him , no matter what . 
 now she remained behind without a single protest . 
 coldness . 
 it would be over soon . 
 no room for regret or sorrow . 
 the aiel ran ahead to check for an ambush . 
 many of them wore the red headbands . 
 rand was n't worried about an ambush . 
 the seanchan would not betray him , not unless there was another forsaken in their midst . 
 rand reached down , touching the sword he wore at his waist . 
 it was the curved one , with the scabbard of black , painted with the twisting dragon , red and gold . 
 for more reasons than one , it made him think of the last time he had been in falme . 
 `` i killed a man with a sword for the first time in this city , '' rand said softly . 
 `` i 've never spoken of it . 
 he was a seanchan lord , a blademaster . 
 verin had told me not to channel in the city , so i faced him with the sword only . 
 i beat him . 
 killed him . '' 
 nynaeve raised an eyebrow . 
 `` so you do have a right to carry a heron-mark blade . '' 
 rand shook his head . 
 `` there were no witnesses . 
 mat and hurin were fighting elsewhere . 
 they saw me right after the fight , but did not witness the killing blow . '' 
 `` what do witnesses matter ? '' 
 she scoffed . 
 `` you defeated a blademaster , so you are one . 
 whether or not it was seen by others is immaterial . '' 
 he looked at her . 
 `` why carry the heron mark if not to be seen by others , nynaeve ? '' 
 she did n't respond . 
 ahead , just outside of the city , the seanchan had erected a striped pavilion of black and white . 
 there appeared to be hundreds of sul ` dam and damane pairs surrounding the open-sided tent , damane wearing the distinctive gray dress , sul ` dam wearing their dresses of red and blue with the lightning bolt on the breast . 
 rand had brought only a few channelers : nynaeve , three wise ones , corele , narishma , flinn . 
 a fraction of what he could access , even without turning to his forces stationed in the east . 
 but no , it was better to bring only a token guard , to look as though he came in peace . 
 if this meeting turned into a battle , rand 's only hope would be a quick escape via gateway . 
 either that ... or do something to end the fight himself . 
 the figurine of the man holding aloft the sphere hung from the saddle before him . 
 with it , he might be able to stand against a hundred damane . 
 two hundred . 
 he could remember the power he 'd held when cleansing saidin . 
 it had been the power to level cities , to destroy any who stood against him . 
 no . 
 it would n't turn to that . 
 he could n't afford to let it turn to that . 
 surely the seanchan knew that attacking him would lead to disaster . 
 rand had come to meet with them again , aware that a traitor in their ranks had tried to capture or kill him . 
 they would have to see his sincerity . 
 but if they did n't ... . 
 he reached down and grasped the access key , just in case , and slipped it into his oversized outer coat pocket . 
 then , taking a deep breath , he steadied himself and sought the void . 
 there , he seized the one power . 
 nausea and dizziness threatened to toss him to the grounds . 
 he wobbled , legs gripping tai ` daisher , hand clutching the access key in its pocket . 
 he gritted his teeth . 
 in the back of his mind , lews therin roused . 
 the madman scrambled for the one power . 
 it was a desperate fight , and when rand finally won , he found that he 'd slumped in his saddle . 
 and he was muttering to himself again . 
 `` rand ? '' 
 nynaeve asked . 
 rand straightened his back . 
 he was rand , was n't he ? 
 sometimes , after a battle like this , he had trouble recalling who he was . 
 had he finally pushed rand , the intruder , into seclusion and become lews therin ? 
 the previous day , he had woken at midday , huddled in the corner of his rooms , crying and whispering to himself about hyena . 
 he could feel the soft texture of her long golden hair in his hands , and could remember holding her close . 
 he could remember seeing her dead at his feet , slain by the one power . 
 who was he ? 
 did it really matter ? 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 nynaeve asked again . 
 `` we are fine . '' 
 rand did not realize he 'd used the plural until the words were out of his mouth . 
 his vision was recovering , though it still seemed just a little bit fuzzy . 
 everything was distorted a fraction , as it had been since the battle where semirhage had taken his hand . 
 he barely noticed it anymore . 
 he straightened , then drew a little extra power through the access key , filling himself with saidin . 
 it was so sweet , despite the nausea that it caused . 
 he longed to take in more , but held himself back . 
 he already held more of the power than any man could unaided . 
 it would be enough . 
 nynaeve glanced at the figurine at his side . 
 the globe at the top glowed faintly . 
 `` rand . 
 ... '' `` i 'm only holding a little extra , as a precaution . '' 
 the more of the one power a person held , the more difficult it was to shield them . 
 if the damane tried to capture him , they would be shocked by his resilience . 
 he might be able to resist a full circle . 
 `` i will not be captured again , '' he whispered . 
 `` never again . 
 they will not take me by surprise . '' 
 `` maybe we should turn back , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` rand , we do n't have to meet them on their terms . 
 it - '' `` we stay , '' rand said softly . 
 `` we deal with them here and now . '' 
 ahead , he could see a figure sitting in the pavilion at a table on a dais . 
 there was a chair across from the figure , on an equal level . 
 that surprised him ; from what he knew of the seanchan , he had expected to have to argue for equal footing with one of the blood . 
 was this the daughter of the nine moons ? 
 this child ? 
 rand frowned as they approached , but realized that she was n't actually a child , just a very small woman . 
 dressed in black clothing , she had dark skin , like one of the sea folk . 
 there were gray-white ashes on the cheeks of her calm , round face . 
 upon close inspection , she appeared to be near his own age . 
 rand took a deep breath and dismounted . 
 it was time for the war to end . 
 the dragon reborn was a young man . 
 tuon had been told that , but something about it still surprised her . 
 why should she be surprised by this youth ? 
 conquering heroes were often young . 
 artur hawkwing himself , the empire 's great progenitor , had been a young man when he 'd begun his conquest . 
 those who conquered , those who dominated the world , burned themselves out quickly , like lamps with untrimmed wicks . 
 he wore gold and red on black , the buttons on his coat sparkling as he dismounted from his large black stallion and approached the pavilion . 
 the black coat had red and gold embroidery on the cuffs-the missing hand was quite obvious , looking at those cuffs-but his clothing was otherwise unadorned . 
 as if he saw no need to distract from his face with finery . 
 his hair was the color of a deep sunset , a dark red . 
 he had a regal bearing to him-a stride that was firm , each step confident , eyes straight ahead . 
 tuon had been trained to walk that way , to give no quarter , in the way she stepped . 
 who had trained him , she wondered . 
 likely , he had the finest of teachers to prepare him in the ways of kings and leaders . 
 yet reports said he had grown up as a farmer in a rural village . 
 a story , carefully spread to bring him credibility with the common people , perhaps ? 
 he strode up to the pavilion , a marath ` damane on his left . 
 the woman wore a dress colored like the sky on a clear day , set with trim like clouds . 
 she wore her hair in a single dark braid and adorned herself with a set of gaudy jewelry . 
 she seemed displeased by something , her brow furrowed , her mouth a tight line . 
 her presence made tuon shiver . 
 one would think she 'd have grown more accustomed to marath ` damane , after traveling with matrim . 
 but not so . 
 they were unnatural . 
 dangerous . 
 tuon could no more grow comfortable around an unleashed damane than she could tolerate having a grassfang twisted around her ankle , its tongue tickling her skin . 
 of course , if the marattidamane was unsettling , then the two men who walked to the right of the dragon were more so . 
 one , little more than a youth , wore his hair in braids tied with bells . 
 the other was an older man with white hair and a tanned face . 
 despite the difference in their ages , both walked with the casual swagger of men well acquainted with battle . 
 and both wore black coats , sparkling pins on the high collars . 
 asha ` man , they were called . 
 men who could channel . 
 abominations best killed quickly . 
 in seanchan , there had been a very few who-in their lust for an unanticipated edge-had tried to train these tsorov ` ande doon , these black-souled tempests . 
 the fools had fallen quickly , often destroyed by the very tools that they sought to control . 
 tuon steeled herself . 
 karede and the deathwatch guards around her grew tense . 
 it was subtle-fists tightening at their sides , breaths inhaled and released slowly . 
 tuon did n't turn toward them , though she made a covert gesture to selucia . 
 `` you are to maintain your calm , '' the voice said softly to the men . 
 they would do so-they were deathwatch guard . 
 tuon hated to make the comment , as it would lower their eyes . 
 but she would not have a mishap . 
 meeting with the dragon reborn would be dangerous . 
 there was no avoiding that . 
 even with twenty damane and sul ` dam on each side of the pavilion . 
 even with karede at her back and captain musenge and a force of archers watching from a covered rooftop just within bowshot . 
 even with selucia at her right , tense and ready to pounce , like a jagwin on the high rocks . 
 even with all of that , tuon was exposed . 
 the dragon reborn was a bonfire inexplicably lit inside a house . 
 you could not prevent it from damaging the room . 
 you just hoped to save the building . 
 he walked directly to the chair opposite tuon and sat down , never once questioning that she had set him as her equal . 
 she knew that the others wondered why she still wore the ashes of mourning , why she had n't proclaimed herself empress . 
 the mourning period was over , but tuon had not taken her throne . 
 it was because of this man . 
 the empress could not meet anyone , not even the dragon reborn , as an equal . 
 the daughter of the nine moons , however ... this one man could be her equal . 
 and so she had hesitated . 
 the dragon reborn would not likely respond well to another setting herself above him , no matter if that other had a perfectly legitimate reason for doing so . 
 as he sat down , a distant flare of lightning arced between two clouds , though malai-one of the damam who could tell fortunes of the weather-had insisted that no rain was near . 
 lightning on a day without rain . 
 tread very lightly , she thought , reading the omen , and be careful what you speak . 
 not the most illuminating of omens . 
 if she trod any more carefully , she would have to take flight into the air ! 
 `` you are the daughter of the nine moons , '' the dragon reborn said . 
 it was a statement , not a question . 
 `` you are the dragon reborn , '' she replied . 
 looking into those slate-like eyes , she realized that she had been wrong in her first impression . 
 he was not a young man . 
 yes , his body might be that of a youth . 
 but those eyes ... those were old eyes . 
 he leaned forward slightly . 
 her deathwatch guards tensed , leather creaking . 
 `` we will make peace , '' al ` thor said . 
 `` today . 
 here . '' 
 selucia hissed softly . 
 his words sounded a great deal like a demand . 
 tuon had shown him great respect by placing him at her level , but one did not give orders to the imperial family . 
 al ` thor glanced at selucia . 
 `` you can tell your bodyguard that she can relax , '' he said dryly . 
 `` this meeting will not turn to conflict . 
 i will not allow it . '' 
 `` she is my voice , '' tuon said carefully , `` and my truthspeaker . 
 my bodyguard is the man behind my chair . '' 
 al ` thor snorted softly . 
 so he was an observant man . 
 or a lucky one . 
 few had correctly guessed selucia 's nature . 
 `` you wish for peace , '' tuon said . 
 `` have you terms for your ... offer ? '' 
 `` it is not an offer , but a necessity , '' al ` thor said . 
 he spoke with softness . 
 all of these people spoke with such quick words , yet al ` thor 's had a weight to them . 
 he reminded her of her mother . 
 `` the last battle comes . 
 surely your people remember the prophecies . 
 by prosecuting this war of yours , you endanger us all . 
 my forces-everyone 's forces-are needed in the struggle against the shadow . '' 
 the last battle would be between the empire and the forces of the dark one . 
 everybody knew that . 
 the prophecies clearly showed that the empress would defeat those who served the shadow , and then she would send the dragon reborn in to duel with lighteater . 
 how much had he fulfilled ? 
 he did n't seem blinded yet , so that had yet to happen . 
 the essanik cycle said that he would stand on his own grave and weep . 
 or did that prophecy refer to the dead walking , as they did already ? 
 certainly , some of those spirits had walked across their own graves . 
 the writings were unclear , sometimes . 
 this people seemed to have forgotten many of the prophecies , just as they forgot their oaths to watch for the return . 
 but she did not say this . 
 watch your words carefully ... . 
 `` you believe the last battle is close , then ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` close ? '' 
 al ` thor asked . 
 `` it is as close as an assassin , breathing his foul breath upon your neck as he slides his knife across your skin . 
 it is close like the last chime of midnight , after the other eleven have struck . 
 close ? 
 yes , it is close . 
 horribly close . '' 
 had the madness taken him already ? 
 if it had , that would make things much more difficult . 
 she studied him , searching for signs of insanity . 
 he seemed in control of himself . 
 a sea breeze blew through the canopy , ruffling the canvas and carrying with it the scent of rotten fish . 
 many things seemed to be rotting these days . 
 those creatures , she thought . 
 the trollocs . 
 what did their appearance foretell ? 
 tylee had destroyed them , and the scouts had found no others . 
 looking at the intensity of this man , she hesitated . 
 yes , the last battle was close , perhaps as close as he said . 
 that made it all the more important that she unify these lands beneath her banner . 
 `` you must see why this is so important , '' the dragon reborn said . 
 `` why do you fight me ? '' 
 `` we are the return , '' tuon said . 
 `` the omens said it was time for us to come , and we expected to find a united kingdom , ready to praise us and lend us armies for the last battle . 
 instead , we found a fractured land that had forgotten its oaths and prepared for nothing . 
 how can you not see that we must fight ? 
 it does not bring us pleasure to kill you , no more than it brings a parent joy to discipline a child who has gone astray . '' 
 al ` thor seemed incredulous . 
 `` we are children to you ? '' 
 `` it was a metaphor only , '' tuon said . 
 he sat for a moment , then rubbed his chin with his hand . 
 did he blame her for the loss of the other one ? 
 falendre had spoken of it . 
 `` a metaphor , '' he said . 
 `` an apt one , perhaps . 
 yes , the land did lack unity . 
 but i have forged it together . 
 the solder is weak , perhaps , but it will hold long enough . 
 if not for me , then your war of unification would be commendable . 
 as it is , you are a distraction . 
 we must have peace . 
 our alliance need last only until my life ends . '' 
 he met her eyes . 
 `` i assure you that will not be overly long . '' 
 she sat at the wide table , arms folded before her . 
 if al ` thor stretched out his arm , he would not be able to reach her . 
 that was intentional , though the precaution was laughable , in hindsight . 
 he would not need his hand should he decide to kill her . 
 best not to think of that . 
 `` if you see the value of unification , '' she said , `` then perhaps you should unite your lands beneath the seanchan banner , have your people take the oaths and - '' the woman standing behind al ` thor , the marath ` damam , opened eyes wide as tuon spoke . 
 `` no , '' al ` thor said , interrupting tuon . 
 `` but surely you can see that one ruler , with - '' `` no , '' he said , softly , yet more firmly . 
 more dangerous . 
 `` i will not see another person chained by your foul leashes . '' 
 `` foul ? 
 they are the only way to deal with those who can channel ! '' 
 `` we have survived without them for centuries . '' 
 `` and you have - '' `` this is not a point i will concede , '' al ` thor said . 
 tuon 's guards-selucia included-gritted their teeth , and the guards dropped hands to sword hilts . 
 he had interrupted her twice in a row . 
 the daughter of the nine moons . 
 how could he be so bold ? 
 he was the dragon reborn , that was how . 
 but his words were foolishness . 
 he would bow before her , once she was empress . 
 the prophecies demanded it . 
 surely that meant that his kingdoms would join with the empire . 
 she had let the conversation slip out of her control . 
 the marath ` damam were a touchy subject to many on this side of the ocean . 
 they likely understood the logic in leashing the women , but their traditions were difficult to relinquish . 
 that was no doubt why they were so disturbed by talking about these things . 
 she needed to nudge the conversation in other directions . 
 into a realm that would throw the dragon reborn off guard . 
 she studied him . 
 `` is this all our conversation is to be about ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` we sit across from one another and speak only of our differences ? '' 
 `` what else would we talk about ? '' 
 al ` thor said . 
 `` perhaps something we have in common . '' 
 `` i doubt there is much in that area that is relevant . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 tuon said . 
 `` and what of matrim cauthon ? '' 
 yes , that shocked him . 
 the dragon reborn blinked , mouth opening slightly . 
 `` mat ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` you know mat ? 
 how ... '' `` he kidnapped me , '' tuon said . 
 `` and dragged me most of the way across altara . '' 
 the dragon reborn gaped , then shut his mouth . 
 `` i remember now , '' he said softly . 
 `` i saw you . 
 with him . 
 i did not connect you to that face . 
 mat ... what have you been doing ? '' 
 you saw us ? 
 tuon thought skeptically . 
 so the madness had manifested itself . 
 would that make him easier to manipulate , or more difficult ? 
 probably the latter , unfortunately . 
 `` well , '' al ` thor finally said , `` i trust that mat had his reasons . 
 he always does . 
 and they seem so logical to him at the time ... . '' 
 so , matrim did know the dragon reborn ; he would be an excellent resource to her . 
 perhaps that was why he had been brought to her , so she would have a means of learning about the dragon reborn . 
 she would have to recover him before he could help her in that area . 
 matrim would not like that , but he would have to see reason . 
 he was first prince of the ravens . 
 he needed to be raised to the high blood , shave his head and learn the proper way of living . 
 that all seemed a shame to her-for reasons she could not explain to herself . 
 she could n't help asking after him a little more . 
 partly because the topic appeared to unbalance al ` thor , and partly because she was curious . 
 `` what type of man is he , this matrim cauthon ? 
 i must admit , i found him to be something of an indolent scoundrel , too quick to find excuses to avoid oaths he 'd taken . '' 
 `` do n't speak of him that way ! '' 
 surprisingly , the words came from the marath ` damane standing beside al ` thor 's chair . 
 `` nynaeve ... '' al ` thor began . 
 `` do n't hush me , rand al ` thor , '' the woman said , folding her arms . 
 `` he 's your friend too . '' 
 the woman looked back at tuon , meeting her eyes . 
 meeting them . 
 a marath ` damane \ she continued , `` matrim cauthon is one of the finest men you will ever know , your highness , and i wo n't listen to ill speech of him . 
 what 's right is right . '' 
 `` nynaeve is right , '' al ` thor said reluctantly . 
 `` he is a good man . 
 mat may seem a little rough at times , but he is as solid a friend as one could hope for . 
 though he does grumble about what his conscience makes him do . '' 
 `` he saved my life , '' the marath ` damane said . 
 `` rescued me at great cost and personal danger when no other thought to come for me . '' 
 her eyes were afire with anger . 
 `` yes , he drinks and gambles far too much . 
 but do n't speak of him as if you know him , because you do n't . 
 his heart is golden , under it all . 
 if you 've hurt him ... . '' 
 `` hurt him ? '' 
 tuon said . 
 `` he kidnapped me \ '' `` if he did so , then there was cause , '' rand al ` thor said . 
 such loyalty ! 
 once again , she was forced to reassess her view of matrim cauthon . 
 `` but this is irrelevant . '' 
 al ` thor said , standing up suddenly . 
 one of the deathwatch guards drew his sword . 
 al ` thor glared at the guard , and karede quickly motioned at the man , who replaced his sword , ashamed , his eyes lowered . 
 al ` thor placed his hand on the table , palm down . 
 he leaned forward , trapping tuon 's eyes with his own . 
 who could look away from those intense gray eyes , like steel ? 
 `` none of this matters . 
 mat does n't matter . 
 our similarities and our differences do not matter . 
 all that matters is need . 
 and i need yon . '' 
 he leaned forward further , looming . 
 his form did n't change , but he suddenly seemed a hundred feet tall . 
 he spoke in that same calm , piercing voice , but there was a threat to it now . 
 an edge . 
 `` you must call off your attacks , '' he said , nearly a whisper . 
 `` you must sign a treaty with me . 
 these are not requests . 
 they are my will . '' 
 tuon found herself longing , suddenly , to obey him . 
 to please him . 
 a treaty . 
 a treaty would be excellent , it would give her a chance to stabilize her hold on the lands here . 
 she could plan how to restore order back in seanchan . 
 she could recruit and train . 
 so many possibilities opened to her , as if her mind were suddenly determined to see every advantage of the alliance and none of the flaws . 
 she reached for those flaws , scrambling to see the problems in uniting herself with this man . 
 but they became liquid in her mind and slipped away . 
 she could n't snatch them up and form objections . 
 the pavilion grew silent , the breeze falling still . 
 what was happening to her ? 
 she felt short of breath , as though a weight constricted her chest . 
 she felt as if she could n't help but bend before the will of this man ! 
 his expression was grim . 
 despite the afternoon light , his face was shadowed , far more so than everything else beneath the pavilion . 
 he held her eyes still , and her breaths came quick and short . 
 in the corners of her vision , she thought she saw something around him . 
 a dark haze , a halo of blackness , emanating from him . 
 it warped the air like a great heat . 
 her throat constricted , and words were forming . 
 yes . 
 yes . 
 i will do as you ask . 
 yes . 
 i must . 
 i must . 
 `` no , '' she said , the word barely a whisper . 
 his expression grew darker , and she saw fury in the way he pressed his hand down , fingers trembling with the force . 
 the way he clenched his jaw . 
 the way his eyes opened wider . 
 such intensity . 
 `` i need - '' he began . 
 `` no , '' she repeated , confidence growing . 
 `` you will bow before me , rand al ` thor . 
 it will not happen the other way around . '' 
 such darkness ! 
 how could one man contain it ? 
 he seemed to throw a shadow the size of a mountain . 
 she could not ally with this creature . 
 that seething hatred , it terrified her , and terror was an emotion with which she was unfamiliar . 
 this man could not be allowed freedom to do as he wished . 
 he had to be contained . 
 he watched her for a moment longer . 
 `` very well , '' he said . 
 his voice was ice . 
 he spun , stalking away from the pavilion , not looking back . 
 his entourage followed ; they all , including the marath ` damane with the braid , looked disturbed . 
 as if they themselves were n't certain what-or who - they followed in this man . 
 tuon watched him go , panting . 
 she could not let the others see how rattled she was . 
 they could n't know that , in that last moment , she 'd feared him . 
 she watched until his mounted figure had passed beyond the hillsides . 
 and still her hands shook . 
 she did not trust herself to speak . 
 nobody spoke in the time it took her to calm herself . 
 perhaps they were as shaken as she . 
 perhaps they sensed her worry . 
 finally , long after al ` thor had gone , tuon stood . 
 she turned and regarded the collected blood , generals , soldiers and guards . 
 `` i am the empress , '' she said in a soft voice . 
 as one , they fell to their knees , even the high blood prostrating themselves . 
 that was the only ceremony needed . 
 oh , there would be a formal crowning back in ebou dar , with processions and parades and audiences . 
 she would accept the personal oaths of allegiance from each member of the blood , and would have the chance-by tradition-to execute any of them by her own hand , without reason , who she felt had opposed her ascent to the throne . 
 there would be all of that and more . 
 but her declaration was the true coronation . 
 spoken by the daughter of the nine moons after the period of mourning . 
 festivities began the moment she bade them all rise . 
 there would be a week of jubilation . 
 a necessary distraction . 
 the world needed her . 
 it needed an empress . 
 from this moment on , everything would change . 
 as the da ` covale rose and began to sing the praises of her coronation , tuon stepped up to general galgan . 
 `` pass the word to general yulan , '' she said softly . 
 `` tell him to prepare his attack against the marath ` damane of tar valon . 
 we must strike against the dragon reborn , and quickly . 
 this man can not be allowed to gain any more strength than he already has . '' 
 chapter 36 the death of tuon '' `` i began my journey in tear , '' verin said , sitting down on mat 's best i chair , made of dark walnut with a nice tan pillow . 
 tomas took up jl position behind her , hand on the pommel of his sword . 
 `` my goal was to make my way to tar valon . '' 
 `` then how did you end up here ? '' 
 mat asked , still suspicious as he seated himself on the pillowed bench . 
 he hated the thing ; it was completely impossible to sit on it in any way that was comfortable . 
 pillows did n't help . 
 somehow , they made the seat more awkward . 
 bloody thing must have been designed by insane , cross-eyed trollocs and built from the bones of the damned . 
 that was the only reasonable explanation . 
 he shifted on the bench , and nearly called for another chair , but verin was continuing . 
 mandevwin and talmanes were just inside the tent , the former standing with folded arms , the latter settling himself on the floor . 
 thom sat on the floor on the other side of the room , watching verin with calculating eyes . 
 they were all in mat 's smaller audience tent , which was intended only for short conferences between officers . 
 mat had n't wanted to bring verin to his actual sitting tent , as it was still spread out with his plans for raiding trustair . 
 `` i ask myself the same question , master cauthon , '' verin said , smiling , her aging warder standing behind her chair . 
 `` how did i end up here ? 
 it certainly was n't my intention . 
 and yet here i am . '' 
 `` you say it almost as if it were an accident , verin sedai , '' mandevwin said . 
 `` but we 're speaking of a distance of several hundred leagues ! '' 
 `` plus , '' mat added , `` you can travel . 
 so if you intended to go to the white tower , then why not just bloody travel there and be done with it ? '' 
 `` good questions , '' verin said . 
 `` indeed . 
 might i have some tea ? '' 
 mat sighed , shifting on the devil bench again , and waved for tal-manes to give the order . 
 talmanes rose and ducked outside for a moment to pass the word , then returned and sat down again . 
 `` thank you , '' verin said . 
 `` i find myself quite parched . '' 
 she projected that familiar distracted air that was so common to sisters from the brown ajah . 
 because of the holes in his memory , mat 's first meeting with verin was fuzzy to him . 
 in fact , his memory of her at all was fuzzy . 
 but he did seem to remember thinking she had the temperament of a scholar . 
 this time , studying her , her mannerisms seemed too exaggerated to him . 
 as if she were leaning on the preconceptions about browns , using them . 
 fooling people , like a street performer taking in country boys with a clever game of three-card shuffle . 
 she eyed him . 
 that smile on the corner of her lips ? 
 that was the smile of a jackleg who did n't care that you were on to her con . 
 now that you understood , you could both enjoy the game , and perhaps together you could dupe someone else . 
 `` do you realize how strongly ta ` veren you are , young man ? '' 
 verin asked . 
 mat shrugged . 
 `` rand 's the one you want for that sort of thing . 
 honestly , i 'm barely anything compared to him . '' 
 blasted colors ! 
 `` oh , i would n't consider downplaying the dragon 's importance , '' verin said , chuckling . 
 `` but you ca n't hide your light in his shadow , matrim cauthon . 
 not in the presence of any but the blind , at least . 
 in any other time , you 'd undoubtedly be the most powerfully ta ` veren individual alive . 
 probably the most powerful to have lived in centuries . '' 
 mat shifted on the bench . 
 bloody ashes , he hated the way that made him look as if he was squirming . 
 maybe he should just stand up . 
 `` what are you talking about , verin ? '' 
 he said instead . 
 he folded his arms and tried to at least pretend that he was comfortable . 
 `` i 'm talking about how you yanked me halfway across the continent . '' 
 her smile widened as a soldier entered with a steaming cup of mint tea . 
 she took it gratefully , and the soldier retreated . 
 `` yanked you ? '' 
 mat said . 
 `` you were looking for me . '' 
 `` only after i determined that the pattern was tugging me somewhere . '' 
 verin blew on her tea . 
 `` that meant you or perrin . 
 it could n't have been rand 's fault , since i 'd been able to leave that one easily . '' 
 `` rand ? '' 
 mat asked , dismissing yet another flash of colors . 
 `` you were with him ? '' 
 verin nodded . 
 `` how ... did he seem ? '' 
 mat said . 
 `` is he ... you know . 
 ... '' `` mad ? '' 
 verin asked . 
 mat nodded . 
 `` i 'm afraid so , '' verin said , lips downturning slightly . 
 `` i think he 's still in control of himself , however . '' 
 `` bloody one power , '' mat said , reaching beneath his shirt to touch the comforting foxhead medallion . 
 verin looked up . 
 `` oh , i 'm not convinced young al ` thor 's problems are completely due to the power , matrim . 
 many would like to blame his temperament on saidin , but to do that is to ignore the incredible stresses that we 've settled on that poor boy 's shoulders . '' 
 mat raised an eyebrow , glancing at thorn . 
 `` either way , '' verin sipped her tea , `` one can not blame too much on the taint , as it will no longer affect him . '' 
 `` it wo n't ? '' 
 mat asked . 
 `` he 's decided to stop channeling ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` a fish would sooner stop swimming . 
 no , the taint will no longer affect him because the taint is no more . 
 al ` thor cleansed saidin . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 mat asked sharply , sitting up . 
 verin sipped her tea . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 mat asked . 
 `` quite , '' she replied . 
 mat glanced at thorn again . 
 then he plucked at his coat and ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 verin asked with amusement . 
 `` i do n't know , '' mat said , feeling sheepish . 
 `` i guess i just think i should feel different , or something . 
 the whole world up and changed on us , did n't it ? '' 
 `` you could say that , '' verin said , `` though i would argue that the cleansing itself is more like a pebble thrown into a pond . 
 the ripples will take some time to reach the shore . '' 
 `` a pebble ? '' 
 mat asked . 
 `` apebble ? '' 
 `` well , perhaps more of a boulder . '' 
 `` a bloody mountain if you ask me , '' mat muttered . 
 he settled back on the awful bench . 
 verin chuckled . 
 flaming aes sedai . 
 did they have to be like that ? 
 it was probably another oath they took and told nobody about , something to do with acting mysterious . 
 he stared at her . 
 `` what was that chuckle for ? '' 
 he finally demanded . 
 `` nothing , '' she said . 
 `` i merely suspect that you will soon feel a little of what / did these last few days . '' 
 `` which was ? '' 
 `` well , '' she said . 
 `` i believe i was talking about that before we got sidetracked on irrelevant topics . '' 
 `` on the flaming cleansing of the true source '' mat muttered . 
 `` honestly . '' 
 `` i experienced the most curious of events , '' verin continued . 
 ignoring mat , of course . 
 `` you may not be aware of this , but in order to travel from a location , you need to spend time in it . 
 usually , stopping in a place for an evening is enough . 
 consequently , after parting from the dragon , i made my way to a nearby village and took a room at the inn . 
 i settled down , learning the room and preparing to open a gateway in the morning . 
 `` in the middle of the night , however , the innkeeper arrived . 
 he explained with chagrin that i needed to be moved to another room . 
 it appeared that a leak had been discovered in the roof above my room , and it would soon seep through my ceiling . 
 i protested , but he was insistent . 
 `` and so i moved across the hall and began learning that room . 
 just when i was feeling i knew it well enough to open a gateway , i was interrupted again . 
 this time , the innkeeper-more embarrassed-explained that his wife had lost her ring in that room during early morning cleaning . 
 the woman awoke in the night and was very upset . 
 the innkeeper - looking quite tired-apologetically wanted to move me again . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 mat asked . 
 `` coincidence , verin . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow at him , then smiled as he shifted on the bench again . 
 burn it all , he was n't squirming ! 
 `` i refused to be moved , matrim , '' she said . 
 `` i told the innkeeper he was quite welcome to search the room after i left , and promised that i would not take any rings i discovered with me . 
 then i firmly shut the door on him . '' 
 she sipped her drink . 
 `` a few minutes later , the inn caught fire-a coal from the hearth rolled to the floor and ended up burning the entire place to the ground . 
 everyone escaped , fortunately , but the inn was a loss . 
 tired and bleary-eyed , tomas and i had to move on to the next village and find rooms there instead . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 mat said . 
 `` still sounds like a coincidence . '' 
 `` this continued for three days , '' verin said . 
 `` i was interrupted even when i tried to learn a place outside a building . 
 random passersby asking to share the fire , a falling tree crashing down in camp , a flock of sheep wandering by , an isolated storm . 
 various random events always contrived to keep me from learning the area . '' 
 talmanes whistled softly . 
 verin nodded . 
 `` each time i tried to learn an area , something went wrong . 
 i was inevitably moved for some reason . 
 however , when i decided i was n't going to do anything to learn a location and was n't planning to make a gateway , nothing happened . 
 another person might have simply moved on and given up on traveling for the time , but my nature asserted itself , and i found myself studying the phenomenon . 
 it was quite regular . '' 
 bloody ashes . 
 that was the sort of thing rand was supposed to do to people . 
 not mat . 
 `` by your account , you should still be in tear . '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , `` but i soon started to feel a tugging on me . 
 something pulling me , yanking me . 
 as if . 
 ... '' mat shifted again . 
 `` as if someone 's got a bloody fishhook inside of you ? 
 and is standing far away , pulling gently-but insistently-on it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' verin said . 
 she smiled . 
 `` what a clever description . '' 
 mat did n't respond . 
 `` i decided to use more mundane means to make my voyage . 
 i thought that maybe my inability to travel had something to do with al ` thor 's proximity , or perhaps the gradual unraveling of the pattern due to the dark one 's influence . 
 i secured a place in a merchant caravan traveling northward toward cairhien . 
 they had an empty wagon they were willing to rent for a reasonable rate . 
 i was quite fatigued from my days spent staying up all hours because of fires , crying babies and constant moves from one inn room to another . 
 as such , i fear i slept much longer than i should have . 
 tomas napped as well . 
 `` when we awoke , we were surprised to discover that the caravan had taken a turn to the northwest instead of heading toward cairhien . 
 i spoke with the caravan master , and he explained that he 'd received a last-minute tip that his goods would fetch a much better price in murandy than in cairhien . 
 as he considered it , he mentioned that he really should have told me about the change , but it had slipped his mind . '' 
 she took another sip of tea . 
 `` it was then that i knew for certain that i was being directed . 
 most would n't have noticed it , i suspect , but i have made a study of the nature oita ` veren . 
 the caravan had n't moved far toward murandy-only one day-but mixed with the tugging , it was enough . 
 i spoke with tomas , and we determined to avoid going where we were being pulled . 
 skimming is an inferior substitute for traveling , but does not have the same limitation of knowing the area . 
 i opened a gateway , but when we reached the end of our journey , we stepped not into tar valon , but a small village in northern murandy ! 
 `` that should n't have been possible . 
 however , as we considered it , tomas and i realized he had been speaking fondly of a hunting trip he 'd gone on once in the village of trustair , and i 'd opened the gateway at that moment . 
 i must have let myself focus on the wrong location . '' 
 `` and here we are , ' tomas said , arms folded , looking dissatisfied as he stood behind his aes sedai 's chair . 
 `` indeed , '' verin said . 
 `` curious , would n't you say , young matrim ? 
 i accidentally end up here , in your path , right when you have great need of someone to create a gateway for your army ? '' 
 `` still could be coincidence . '' 
 `` and the tugging ? '' 
 he did n't know what to say to that . 
 `` coincidence is how being ta ` veren works , '' verin said . 
 `` you find a discarded object that is of great use to you , or happen to meet an individual at just the right time . 
 random chance randomly works in your favor . 
 or have n't you noticed ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` care to throw some dice on it ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said reluctantly . 
 `` one thing bothers me , however , '' verin said . 
 `` was there no other person who could have happened into your path ? 
 al ` thor has those asha ` man scouring the countryside looking for men who can channel , and i suspect rural areas like this are top on their list , as it is more likely that channelers could stay unnoticed in such places . 
 one of them could have happened into your path and given you a gateway . '' 
 `` not bloody likely , '' mat said , shivering . 
 `` i 'm not trusting the band to the likes of them . '' 
 `` not to get to andor in a heartbeat ? '' 
 verin asked . 
 mat hesitated . 
 well , maybe . 
 `` 7 had to be here for some reason , '' she said thoughtfully . 
 `` i still think you 're reading too much into this , '' he replied , shifting yet again on the burning bench . 
 `` perhaps . 
 perhaps not . 
 first , we should negotiate my price for taking you to andor . 
 i assume you want to reach caemlyn ? '' 
 `` price ? '' 
 mat said . 
 `` but you think the pattern forced you here ! 
 why demand a price of me ? '' 
 `` because , '' she said , raising a finger , `` while i waited to find you-i honestly did n't know if it would be you or young perrin-i realized that there were several things i could provide you that no other could . '' 
 she reached into a pocket of her dress , pulling out several pieces of paper . 
 one was the picture of mat . 
 `` you did n't ask where i got this . '' 
 `` you 're aes sedai , '' mat said , shrugging . 
 `` i figured you ... you know , saidared it . '' 
 `` saidared it ? '' 
 she asked flatly . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i received this paper , matrim - '' `` call me mat , '' he said . 
 `` i received this paper , matrim , from a darkfriend , '' she said , `` who told me-thinking me a servant of the shadow-that one of the forsaken had commanded that the men in these pictures be killed . 
 you and perrin are in grave danger . '' 
 `` i 'm not surprised , '' he said , hiding the chill her announcement made him feel . 
 `` verin , darkfriends have been trying to kill me since the day i left the two rivers . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` burn me . 
 since the day before i left the two rivers . 
 what does it change ? '' 
 `` this is different , '' verin said , growing stern . 
 `` the level of danger you are in ... i ... well , let us simply agree that you are in great , great danger . 
 i suggest that you be very careful during the next few weeks . '' 
 `` i 'm always careful , '' mat said . 
 `` well , be more so , '' she said . 
 `` go into hiding . 
 do n't take chances . 
 you will be essential before this is through . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 go into hiding ? 
 he could do that . 
 with thorn 's help , he could probably do himself up so that even his sisters would n't recognize him . 
 `` i can do that , '' he said . 
 `` bloody simple cost . 
 how long will it take you to get us to caemlyn ? '' 
 `` that was n't my cost , matrim , '' she said , amused . 
 `` that was a suggestion . 
 one i think you should listen to with great prejudice . '' 
 she slipped a small folded piece of paper out from under the picture . 
 it was sealed with a drop of blood-red wax . 
 mat took it hesitantly . 
 `` it is ? '' 
 `` instructions , '' verin said . 
 `` which you will follow on the tenth day after i leave you in caemlyn . '' 
 he scratched his neck , frowning , then moved to break the seal . 
 `` you are n't to open them until that day , '' verin said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mat demanded . 
 `` but - '' `` that is my cost , '' verin said simply . 
 `` bloody woman , '' he said , looking back at the paper . 
 `` i 'm not going to swear to something unless i know what it is . '' 
 `` i doubt you will find my instructions harsh , matrim , '' she noted . 
 mat scowled at the seal for a moment , then stood up . 
 `` i pass on it . '' 
 she pursed her lips . 
 `` matrim , you - '' `` call me mat , '' he said , grabbing his hat off the top of a cushion . 
 `` and i said there 's no deal . 
 i 'll be in caemlyn in twenty days of marching , anyway . '' 
 he pushed open the tent flaps , gesturing out . 
 `` i 'm not going to have you tying strings around me , woman . '' 
 she did n't move , though she did frown . 
 `` i had forgotten how difficult you can be . '' 
 `` and proud of it , '' mat said . 
 `` and if we have a compromise ? '' 
 verin asked . 
 `` you 'll tell me what is in that bloody paper ? '' 
 `` no , '' verin said . 
 `` because i might not need you to go through with the contents . 
 i hope to be able to return to you and relieve you of the letter and send you on your way . 
 but if i can not . 
 ... '' `` the compromise , then ? '' 
 mat said . 
 `` you may choose not to open the letter , '' verin said . 
 `` burn it . 
 but if you do so , you wait fifty days in caemlyn , just in case it takes me longer to return than i had expected . '' 
 that gave him pause . 
 fifty days was a long time to wait . 
 but if he could do it in caemlyn , rather than traveling on his own ... . 
 was elayne in the city ? 
 he 'd worried about her , since her escape from ebou dar . 
 if she was there , he might at least be able to get production started quickly on aludra 's dragons . 
 but fifty days ? 
 waiting ? 
 either that , or open the bloody letter and do what it said ? 
 he did n't like either option . 
 `` twenty days , '' he said . 
 `` thirty days , '' she said , rising , then raised a finger to cut off his objection . 
 `` a compromise , mat . 
 among aes sedai , i think you shall find me to be far more amenable to those than most . '' 
 she held out her hand . 
 thirty days . 
 he could wait thirty days . 
 he looked at the letter in his hands . 
 he could resist opening it , and thirty days of waiting did n't really lose him any time . 
 it was only a little longer than he 'd take to reach caemlyn on his own . 
 in fact , this was a bloody bargain ! 
 he needed a few weeks to get the dragons going , and he wanted time to find out more about the tower of ghenjei and the snakes and foxes . 
 thorn could n't complain-when it would take them two weeks to reach caemlyn anyway . 
 verin eyed him , a hint of worry on her face . 
 he could n't let her know how pleased he was . 
 let a woman know that , and she 'd find some way to make you to pay her back . 
 `` thirty days , '' mat said reluctantly , taking her hand , `` but at the end of them , i can go . '' 
 `` or you can open the letter after ten days , '' verin said , `` and do what it says . 
 one of the two , matrim . 
 i have your word ? '' 
 `` you do , '' he said . 
 `` but i 'm not going to open the bloody letter . 
 i 'm going to wait thirty days , then be off on my business . '' 
 `` we shall see , '' she said , smiling to herself and releasing his hand . 
 she folded up the picture of him , then took a small leather-bound satchel from her pocket . 
 she opened it , sliding the picture inside , and as she did , he noticed that she had a small stack of folded , sealed pieces of paper inside just like the one he was holding . 
 what was the purpose of those ? 
 once the letters were safely tucked in her pocket , she took out a carved piece of translucent stone-a brooch , shaped like a lily . 
 `` begin breaking down your camp , matrim . 
 i need to make your gateway as soon as possible . 
 i myself need to travel shortly . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 mat looked down at the sealed , folded paper in his hands . 
 why was verin being so cryptic ? 
 burn it ! 
 he thought . 
 i 'm not going to open it . 
 i 'm not . 
 `` mandevwin , '' he said . 
 `` get verin sedai her own tent to wait in as we break camp and assign a couple of soldiers to fetch for her anything she needs . 
 also , inform the other aes sedai that she 's here . 
 they 'll probably be interested to hear of her arrival , aes sedai being aes sedai . '' 
 mat tucked the folded paper into his belt , then started to leave . 
 `` and have somebody burn that bloody bench . 
 i ca n't believe we carted the thing this far . '' 
 tuon was dead . 
 gone , cast aside , forgotten . 
 tuon had been the daughter of the nine moons . 
 she was now just a notation in the histories . 
 fortuona was empress . 
 fortuona athaem devi paendrag kissed the soldier lightly on the forehead as he knelt , head bowed , on the short grass . 
 the muggy altaran heat made it feel as if summer had already arrived , but the grass-which had seemed lush and full of life just weeks before-had grown stunted and was beginning to yellow . 
 where were the weeds and thistles ? 
 recently seeds did n't sprout as they should . 
 like grain , they were going bad , dying before they truly came alive . 
 the soldier before fortuona was one of five . 
 behind those five stood two hundred members of the fists of heaven-the most elite of her attack forces . 
 they wore dark leather breastplates and helms of light wood and leather , shaped like insects . 
 both helms and breastplates were emblazoned with the sign of the clenched fist . 
 fifty sul ` dam and damane pairs , including dali and her sul ` dam malahavana , whom fortuona had given to the cause . 
 she had felt the need to sacrifice something personal to this most important of missions . 
 hundreds oi to ` raken milled in the pens behind , walked by their handlers , who were preparing them for the flight to come . 
 already , a flock of raken circled above , graceful . 
 fortuona looked down at the soldier before her , laying her fingers on his forehead , where she had kissed him . 
 `` may your death bring victory , '' she said softly , speaking the ritual words . 
 `` may your knife draw blood . 
 may your children sing your praises until the final dawn . '' 
 he bowed his head further . 
 like the four others in the row , he wore black leather . 
 three knives hung from his belt , and he had no cloak or helm . 
 he was a small man-all members of the fists of heaven were small and compact , and over half in this group were women . 
 weight was always an issue for those facing missions using to ` raken . 
 in a raid , two small , well-trained soldiers were preferable to one lumbering hulk in heavy armor . 
 it was early evening , the sun just setting . 
 lieutenant-general yulan - who would lead the strike force personally-felt it best to take flight late in the day . 
 their assault would begin in darkness , shrouding it from those who might be watching the horizon in ebou dar . 
 once , the caution would have been unnecessary . 
 what matter if people in ebou dar saw hundreds oi to ` raken take to the skies ? 
 news could never travel as quickly as raken wings . 
 but their enemies could travel far more quickly than they should be able to . 
 be it ter ` angreal , weave or something else that gave the power , it was a distinct danger . 
 better to use all stealth . 
 the flight to tar valon would take several days . 
 fortuona moved to the next soldier in the line of five . 
 the woman 's black hair was braided . 
 fortuona kissed her on the forehead , saying the same ritual words . 
 these five were bloodknives . 
 the pure black stone ring each one wore was a specialized ter ` angreal that would grant them strength and speed , and would shroud them in darkness , allowing them to blend into shadows . 
 the incredible abilities came at a cost , however , for the rings leeched life from their hosts , killing them in a matter of days . 
 removing the ring would slow that process slightly , but once activated-done by touching a drop of one 's own blood to the stone ring while wearing it-the process was irreversible . 
 these five would not return . 
 they would stay behind , whatever the results of the raid , to kill as many marath ` damane as they could . 
 it was a terrible waste-those damane should be leashed-but better to kill them than leave them in the hands of the dragon reborn . 
 fortuona moved to the next soldier in the short line , giving him the kiss and the blessing . 
 so much had changed in the days since her meeting with the dragon reborn . 
 her new name was only one of the manifestations . 
 now even the high blood often prostrated themselves before her . 
 her so ` jhin - selucia included-had shaved the hair from their heads . 
 from now on , they would leave the right side of their heads shaved and grow hair down the left side , braiding it as it grew . 
 for now , they wore caps on the left . 
 the common people walked more confidently , more proudly . 
 they had an empress again . 
 with all that was wrong in the world , this one thing was right again . 
 fortuona kissed the last of the five bloodknives , speaking the words condemning them to death , but also to heroism . 
 she stepped back , selucia standing at her side . 
 general yulan came forward and bowed himself low . 
 `` let it be known by the empress , may she live forever , that we shall not fail her . '' 
 `` it is known , '' selucia said . 
 `` light follow you . 
 know that her majesty , may she live forever , saw a new spring rose drop three petals in the garden today . 
 the omen of your victory has been given . 
 fulfill it , general , and your reward shall be great . '' 
 yulan stood , saluting , fist to breast , metal snapping against metal . 
 he led the soldiers to the to ` raken pens , the five bloodknives first . 
 within moments , the first creature ran down a long pasture outside the back of the pen , marked with poles and streamers , then launched itself into the air . 
 others followed , a fleet , more than fortuona had ever seen in the sky at once . 
 as the final light of sunset died , they struck northward . 
 raken and to ` raken were not normally used in this manner . 
 most raids would be accomplished by dropping the soldiers off at a staging point , where the to ` raken would wait while the soldiers attacked and returned . 
 but this raid was too vital . 
 yulan 's plan called for a more daring assault , the likes of which had rarely been contemplated . 
 to ` raken with damane and sul ` dam on their backs , attacking from the air . 
 it could be the beginning of a bold new tactic . 
 or it could lead to a disaster . 
 `` we have changed everything , '' fortuona said softly . 
 `` general gal-gan is wrong ; this will not give the dragon reborn a worse bargaining position . 
 it will turn him against us . '' 
 `` and was he not against us before ? '' 
 selucia asked . 
 `` no , '' fortuona said . 
 `` we were against him . '' 
 `` and there is a difference ? '' 
 `` yes , '' fortuona said , watching the cloud of to ` raken , just barely visible in the sky . 
 `` there is . 
 i fear we shall soon see just how big a difference that is . '' 
 chapter 37 a force of light min sat quietly , watching rand dress . 
 his motions were tense and careful , like the steps of a performer walking the high rope at a menagerie . 
 he did up the left cuff on his crisp white shirt with slow , deliberate fingers . 
 the right cuff was already done up ; his servants saw to that . 
 it was approaching evening outside . 
 not quite dark yet , though the shutters were closed in preparation . 
 rand reached for a gold and black coat , sliding on one sleeve , then the other . 
 then did the buttons one after another . 
 he had no trouble with these ; he was growing practiced at working with only one hand . 
 button after button . 
 first , second , third , fourth ... . 
 min felt like screaming . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 rand did not turn from the mirror . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` the seanchan . '' 
 `` there will be no peace , '' he said , straightening his coat collar . 
 `` i have failed . '' 
 his tone was emotionless , yet somehow taut . 
 `` it 's all right to be frustrated , rand . '' 
 `` frustration is pointless , '' he said . 
 `` anger is pointless . 
 neither emotion will change facts , and the fact is that i have no more time to waste on the seanchan . 
 we will have to risk an attack from behind by riding to the last battle without stability in arad doman . 
 it is not ideal , but it is what must happen . '' 
 the air shimmered above rand , and a mountain appeared there . 
 viewings were so common around rand that min usually forced herself to ignore them unless they were new-though she did spend time some days trying to pick them all out and sort through them . 
 this one was new , and it caught her attention . 
 the towering mountain was blasted out on one side , making a jagged hole down the slope . 
 dragonmount ? 
 it was cloaked in dark shadows , as if shaded by clouds high above . 
 that was odd ; whenever she 'd seen the mountain , it had reached higher than the clouds themselves . 
 dragonmount in shadows . 
 it would be important to rand in the future . 
 was that a tiny prick of light shining from the heavens down onto the point of the mountain ? 
 the viewing vanished . 
 though min knew what some of them meant , this one baffled her . 
 she sighed , leaning back in the red-cushioned chair . 
 her books lay scattered on the floor ; she 'd been dedicating more and more time to her studies , partly because she felt rand 's sense of urgency , and partly because she did n't know what else to do . 
 she liked to think that she was capable of taking care of herself . 
 and she 'd begun to think of herself as a last defense for rand . 
 min had discovered just how useful she was as a `` line of defense . '' 
 she 'd been about as useful as a child ! 
 in fact , she 'd been a hindrance , a tool for semirhage to use against him . 
 she 'd been indignant when rand had suggested sending her away , giving him a tongue-lashing for even suggesting it . 
 send her away ! 
 to keep her safe ? 
 that was foolishness ! 
 she could take care of herself . 
 so she had thought . 
 now she saw that he 'd been right . 
 that made her sick . 
 so she studied and tried to stay out of his way . 
 he 'd changed on that day , as if something bright had turned off inside of him . 
 a lamp flickering out , its oil gone , leaving only the casing . 
 he looked at her differently , now . 
 when those eyes of his studied her , did they see only a liability ? 
 she shivered , trying to shove that thought from her mind . 
 rand put on his boots , then did up their buckles . 
 he stood , reaching for the sword which leaned against his clothing chest . 
 the black scabbard , with its lacquered red and gold dragon , sparkled in the light . 
 such a strange weapon those scholars had found beneath the submerged statue . 
 the sword felt so old . 
 was rand wearing it today as a symbol of something ? 
 a sign , perhaps , that he was riding to battle ? 
 `` you 're going after her , are n't you ? '' 
 min found herself asking . 
 `` graen-dal . '' 
 `` i have to fix what problems i can , '' rand said , pulling the ancient sword from the sheath and checking the blade . 
 there was no heron mark , but the fine steel blade glistened in the lamplight , showing the undulating lines of its folded metal . 
 it had been power-forged , he claimed . 
 he seemed to know things about it he did not share . 
 rand snapped the blade into the black scabbard , looking at her . 
 `` fix the problems you can , do n't fret over the ones you can not . 
 it was something tam once told me . 
 arad doman will have to survive against the seanchan on its own . 
 the last thing i can do for the people here is remove one of the forsaken from their soil . '' 
 `` she might be waiting for you , rand , '' min said . 
 `` did it occur to you that the boy nynaeve found was a plant ? 
 intended to be discovered , to lead you into a trap ? '' 
 he hesitated , then shook his head . 
 `` he was genuine , min . 
 moghe-dien might have considered a trick like that , but not graendal . 
 she 'd be too worried about being traced . 
 we have to move quickly , before word reaches her that she has been compromised . 
 i must strike now . '' 
 min stood . 
 `` are you coming , then ? '' 
 rand asked , looking surprised . 
 she flushed . 
 what if things go as poorly with graendal as they did with semirhagep what if i become a tool against him again ? 
 `` yes , '' she said , just to prove to herself that she was n't giving up . 
 `` of course i 'm coming . 
 do n't think you can leave me behind ! '' 
 `` i would n't dream of it , '' he said flatly . 
 `` come . '' 
 she 'd expected more of an argument . 
 from the night stand he picked up the statuette of a man holding aloft a globe . 
 he turned the ter ` angreal in his hand , inspecting it , then looked up at min , as if in challenge . 
 she said nothing . 
 he tucked the statuette into the oversized pocket of his coat , then strode from the room , ancient , power-forged sword belted to his waist . 
 min hurried after rand . 
 he glanced at the pair of maidens guarding the door . 
 `` i go to battle , '' he said to them . 
 `` bring no more than twenty . '' 
 the maidens exchanged a brief moment of handtalk ; then one loped ahead and the other tailed rand as he marched down the hallway . 
 min hurried up beside him , heart thumping , her boots loud on the floorboards . 
 he had rushed off like this to fight forsaken before , but usually he took more time to plan . 
 he 'd maneuvered sammael for months before striking at ii-lian . 
 he 'd had barely a single day to decide what do with graendal ! 
 min checked her knives , making certain they were secure in her sleeves , but it was just a nervous habit . 
 rand reached the end of the hallway , then strode down the stairs , his face still calm , his step quick but not hurried . 
 yet he seemed like a thunderstorm , contained and wrapped up , somehow bound and channeled toward a single goal . 
 how she wished he 'd just explode and lose his temper , the way he used to ! 
 he 'd exasperated her then , but he 'd never frightened her . 
 not as he did now , with those icy eyes she could n't read , that aura of danger . 
 since the incident with semirhage , he spoke of doing `` whatever he had to '' regardless of cost , and she knew that he must seethe at having failed to convince the seanchan to ally with him . 
 what would that combination of failure and determination lead him to do ? 
 at the bottom of the wide staircase , rand spoke to a servant . 
 `` fetch for me nynaeve sedai and lord ramshalan . 
 bring them to the sitting room . '' 
 lord ramshalan ? 
 the overstuffed man from lady chadmar 's former circle ? 
 `` rand , '' min said quietly , reaching the bottom of the stairs , `` what are you planning ? '' 
 he said nothing . 
 he strode through the white marble entryway , entering the sitting room , which was decorated in deep reds to contrast with the white floor . 
 he did not sit , but remained standing with his arms behind his back , studying the map of arad doman he 'd ordered placed on the wall . 
 the aged map hung where a fine oil painting once had , and seemed completely out of place in the room . 
 on the map , there was a black ink mark at the edge of a small lake to the southeast . 
 rand had placed it there the morning after kerb died . 
 it marked natrin 's barrow . 
 `` it was a fort , once , '' rand said absently . 
 `` the city where graendal is hiding ? '' 
 min said , walking up beside him . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's not a city . 
 i 've sent scouts . 
 it 's just a solitary structure , built long ago to watch the mountains of mist and guard against incursion through the passes by manetheren . 
 it has n't been used for military purposes since the trolloc wars ; there 's hardly need to worry about invasion from two rivers people who do n't even remember the name manetheren . '' 
 min nodded . 
 `` though , arad doman did get invaded by a shepherd from the two rivers . '' 
 once that would have made him smile . 
 she kept forgetting that he did n't do that anymore . 
 `` a few centuries back , '' rand said , eyes narrowed in thought , `` the king of arad doman seized natrin 's barrow back in the name of the throne . 
 for some time before , it had been occupied by a minor noble family from toman head who had been trying to set up their own new kingdom . 
 that happens on almoth plain occasionally . 
 the domani king liked the location , and used the fortress as a palace instead . 
 `` he spent a great deal of time there , so much , in fact , that several of his merchant enemies gained too much power in bandar eban . 
 the king fell , but his successors also used the fortress , and it became a popular retreat for the crown when the king needed relaxation . 
 the practice dwindled during the last hundred years or so , until it was granted to a distant cousin of the king about fifty years back . 
 their family has used it ever since . 
 among the general domani populace , natrin 's barrow has been largely forgotten . '' 
 `` except by alsalam ? '' 
 min asked . 
 rand shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 i doubt he knew of it at all . 
 i learned this history from the royal archivist , who had to search for hours to locate the name of the family using the place . 
 there has been no contact with them for months , though they used to visit towns on occasion . 
 the few farm-steaders in the area say that someone new seems to be living in the palace , though nobody knows where the former owner went . 
 they seem surprised that they 've never thought about how odd that is . '' 
 he eyed her . 
 `` this is exactly the sort of location graendal would choose as her center of power . 
 it 's a jewel-a forgotten fortress of beauty and power , ancient and regal . 
 close enough to bandar eban for her to have a hand in ruling arad doman , but far enough away to be defensible and secluded . 
 i made a mistake in my searches for her-i assumed she 'd want a beautiful manor with gardens and grounds . 
 i should have realized ; it is n't just beauty that she collects , but prestige . 
 a magnificent fortress for kings fits her just as much as an elegant manor house . 
 particularly since this one is more palace than fort now . '' 
 footsteps in the entryway behind drew min 's attention , and a few seconds later a servant ushered in nynaeve and the foppish ramshalan , with his pointed beard and thin mustache . 
 today he had tiny bells at the end of the beard and wore a black velvet beauty mark on his cheek , also in the shape of a bell . 
 he wore a loose silk costume of green and blue , the sleeves drooping , ruffled shirt poking out beneath . 
 min did n't care what fashion dictated , the man looked ridiculous . 
 like a disheveled peacock . 
 `` my lord called for me ? '' 
 ramshalan said , bowing extravagantly toward rand . 
 rand did n't turn away from the map . 
 `` i have a puzzle for you , ramshalan , '' he said . 
 `` i want to know what you think . '' 
 `` please , do n't hesitate , my lord ! '' 
 `` then tell me this : how do i outthink an enemy i know is smarter than i am ? '' 
 `` my lord . '' 
 ramshalan bowed a second time , as if worried that rand had n't noticed the first one . 
 `` surely you seek to trick me ! 
 there is nobody more intelligent than yourself . '' 
 `` i wish that were true , '' rand said softly . 
 `` i face some of the most crafty people who have ever lived . 
 my current foe understands the minds of others in a way that i can not hope to match . 
 so how do i defeat her ? 
 she will vanish the moment i threaten her , running to one of a dozen other refuges she is sure to have set up . 
 she wo n't fight me head-on , yet if i destroy her fortress in a surprise attack , i risk letting her slip away and never knowing if i 've finished her . '' 
 `` a problem indeed , my lord , '' ramshalan said . 
 he looked confused . 
 rand nodded , as if to himself . 
 `` i have to peer into her eyes , see into her soul , and know that it 's her that i face and not some decoy . 
 i have to do that without frightening her into running . 
 how ? 
 how can i kill a foe who is more clever than myself , a foe who is impossible to surprise , yet who is also unwilling to confront me ? '' 
 ramshalan looked overwhelmed by those demands . 
 `` i. ... my lord , if your foe is that clever , then perhaps your best course of action is to request the aid of someone more clever ? '' 
 rand turned to him . 
 `` an excellent suggestion , ramshalan . 
 perhaps i 've already done just that . '' 
 the man swelled . 
 he thinks that 's why rand summoned him ! 
 min realized . 
 she had to hide her smile with a turn of the head and a raised hand . 
 `` if you had an enemy such as this , ramshalan , what would you do ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` i grow impatient . 
 give me an answer . '' 
 `` i 'd make an alliance , my lord , '' ramshalan said without pausing for another second . 
 `` anyone that powerful would make a better friend than foe , i say . '' 
 idiot , min thought . 
 if your enemy is that crafty and ruthless , an alliance will only end with an assassin 's dagger in your back . 
 `` another excellent suggestion , '' rand said softly . 
 `` but i am still intrigued by the first comment you made . 
 you said i need allies who are smarter than i am , and that is true . 
 it is time for you to be off , then . '' 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 ramshalan said . 
 `` you are to be my emissary , '' rand said , waving a hand . 
 a gateway suddenly split the air on the far side of the room , shearing through the fine rug at the floor . 
 `` too many of the domani bloodborn are hiding , scattered through the country . 
 i would have them as my allies , but it would be a drain on my time to seek each one in person . 
 fortunately , i have you to go on my behalf . '' 
 ramshalan looked excited about the prospect . 
 through the gateway , min could see towering pines , and the air on the other side was cold and crisp . 
 min turned and glanced at nynaeve-dressed in blue and white again . 
 the aes sedai watched the exchange with calculating eyes , and min could read her own emotions in nynaeve 's expression . 
 what was rand 's game ? 
 `` beyond that gateway , '' rand said , `` you will find a hill leading down to an ancient palace which is inhabited by a minor domani merchant family . 
 it is the first of many places i shall send you . 
 go in my name and seek those who rule the keep . 
 see if they are willing to support me , or if they even know about me . 
 offer them rewards for allegiance ; since you have proven yourself clever , i will let you determine the terms . 
 i have n't the mind for those sorts of negotiations myself . '' 
 `` yes , my lord ! '' 
 the man said , swelling further , though he did eye the gateway with concern , distrustful-like most people-of the one power , particularly when wielded by a man . 
 if it were opportune , this man would switch loyalties as quickly as he had when lady chadmar had fallen . 
 what was rand thinking , sending a popinjay like this to meet with graendal ? 
 `` go , ' rand said . 
 ramshalan took a few hesitant steps toward the gateway . 
 `` er , my lord dragon , could i perhaps have something in the way of an escort ? '' 
 `` no need to frighten or alarm the people there , '' rand said without turning from the map . 
 cold air continued to blow through the gateway . 
 `` go quickly and return , ramshalan . 
 i will leave the gateway open until you are back . 
 my patience is not limitless , and there are many i could turn to for this mission . '' 
 `` i. ... '' the man seemed to calculate the risks . 
 `` of course , lord dragon . '' 
 he took a deep breath and walked through the portal , his steps uncomfortable , like those of a house cat venturing out into a puddle of water . 
 min found herself feeling sorry for the man . 
 fallen needles crackled as ramshalan moved off into the forest . 
 a breeze hissed through the trees ; it was an odd sound to hear while standing in the comfort of the mansion . 
 rand left the gateway open , still staring at his map . 
 `` all right , rand , '' nynaeve demanded after a few minutes , her arms folded . 
 `` what game is this ? '' 
 `` how would you beat her , nynaeve ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` she wo n't be goaded into fighting me , like rahvin or sammael were . 
 she wo n't be easily trapped either . 
 graendal understands people better than anyone . 
 twisted she may be , but she is crafty , and should not be underestimated . 
 torhs margin made that mistake , i recall , and you know his fate . '' 
 min frowned . 
 `` who ? '' 
 she asked , looking at nynaeve . 
 the aes sedai shrugged . 
 rand glanced at them . 
 `` i believe in history he was known at torhs the broken . '' 
 again , min shook her head . 
 nynaeve joined her . 
 neither was deeply versed in history , true , but rand acted as if they should know this name . 
 rand 's face hardened , and he blushed just faintly , turning away from them . 
 `` the question remains , '' he said , voice soft but tense . 
 `` how would you fight her , nynaeve ? '' 
 `` i do n't care to play your games , rand al ` thor , '' nynaeve replied with a huff . 
 `` you 've obviously already decided what you intend to do . 
 why ask me ? '' 
 `` because what i am about to do should frighten me , '' he said . 
 `` it does n't . '' 
 min shivered . 
 rand nodded to the maidens standing in the doorway . 
 moving lightly , they crossed the room , leaped through the gateway , and spread through the pine forest , quickly vanishing from sight . 
 all twenty together made less noise than ramshalan had . 
 min waited . 
 on the other side of the gateway , a distant sun was hidden from sight , giving a late-afternoon light to the shadowed forest floor . 
 after a few moments , white-haired sulin stepped into view and nodded to rand . 
 all clear . 
 `` come , '' rand said , and walked to the gateway . 
 min followed , though nynaeve-breaking into a trot-beat her to the gateway . 
 they stepped out onto a carpet of brown pine needles , dirtied from a long slumber beneath the vanished winter snows . 
 branches nudged one another in the breeze , and the mountain air was more chilly than the breeze had indicated . 
 min wished for a cloak , but there was n't time to go fetch one . 
 rand strode directly through the forest , nynaeve trotting up to him and speaking in a low voice . 
 nynaeve would n't get anything useful out of rand , not when he was in this kind of mood . 
 they would just have to see what he revealed . 
 min caught sight of some the aiel in the woods , but only brief glimpses when they obviously were n't taking care to hide . 
 they certainly had taken well to life in the wetlands . 
 how did a people raised in the waste know so instinctively how to hide in a forest ? 
 up ahead , the trees broke . 
 min hastened to join rand and nynaeve , who had stopped at the top of a gently sloping ridge . 
 here , they could see over the forest , and the trees continued down below like a sea of green and brown . 
 the pines parted at the shores of a small mountain lake , caught in a triangular depression of the land . 
 atop a ridge of its own , high above the water , was an impressive white stone structure . 
 rectangular and tall , it was built in the form of several towers stacked atop one another , each one slightly thinner than the one beneath . 
 that gave the palace an elegant shape-fortified , yet palatial . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' she said breathlessly . 
 `` it was built during a different time , '' rand said . 
 `` a time when people still thought that the majesty of a structure lent it strength . '' 
 the palace was distant , but not so distant that min could n't make out the figures of men walking the battlements on guard , halberds at their shoulders , breastplates reflecting the late sunlight . 
 a late party of hunters rode in through the gates , a fine buck deer lashed to the packhorse , and a group of workers chopped at a fallen tree nearby , perhaps for firewood . 
 a pair of serving women in white carried poles , bucket at each end , up from the lake , and lights were winking on in windows the length of the structure . 
 it was a living , working estate bundled up in a single massive building . 
 `` do you think ramshalan found his way ? '' 
 nynaeve said , arms folded , obviously trying not to look impressed . 
 `` even a fool like him could not miss that , '' rand said , eyes narrowing . 
 he still carried the statuette in his pocket . 
 min wished he had left the thing behind . 
 it made her uncomfortable , the way he fingered it . 
 caressed it . 
 `` so you sent ramshalan to die , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` what will that accomplish ? '' 
 `` she wo n't kill him , '' rand said . 
 `` how can you be sure of that ? '' 
 `` it is n't her way , '' rand said . 
 `` not when she can use him against me . '' 
 `` you do n't expect her to believe that story you told him , '' min said . 
 `` about sending him out to test the allegiance of the domani lords ? '' 
 rand slowly shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 i hope for her to believe something of that tale , but i do not expect it . 
 i meant what i said about her , min - she 's more crafty than i am . 
 and i fear that she knows me far better than i know her . 
 she will compel ramshalan and pull from him that entire conversation we had . 
 from there , she will find a way to use that conversation against me . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 min asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i wish i did . 
 she 'll think of something clever , then infect ramshalan with a very subtle compulsion that i wo n't be able to anticipate . 
 i 'll be left with the choice to keep him nearby and see what he does , or to send him away . 
 but of course , she will think of that as well , and whatever i do will set in motion her other plans . '' 
 `` you make it sound as if you ca n't win , '' nynaeve said , frowning . 
 she did n't seem to notice the chill at all . 
 in fact , neither did rand . 
 whatever that `` trick '' about ignoring cold and heat was , min had never been able to figure it out . 
 they claimed it had nothing to do with the power , but if that were so , why were rand and the aes sedai the only ones who could manage it ? 
 the aiel did n't seem to be bothered by the cold either , but they did n't count . 
 they never seemed bothered by regular human concerns , though they could be very touchy about the most random and insignificant things . 
 `` we ca n't win , you say ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` is that what we 're trying to do ? 
 win ? '' 
 nynaeve raised an eyebrow . 
 `` do you not answer questions anymore ? '' 
 rand turned , looking at nynaeve . 
 standing on the other side of him , min could n't see what was in his face , but she could see nynaeve grow pale . 
 it was her own fault . 
 could n't she sense how on edge rand was ? 
 perhaps min 's chill did n't just come from the cold . 
 she moved up close to him , but he did n't put his arm around her as he might once have . 
 when he finally turned away from nynaeve , the aes sedai slumped slightly , as if she had been dangling , held up by his gaze . 
 rand did not speak for some time , and so they waited quietly on the mountain ridge as the distant sun made its way toward the horizon . 
 shadows lengthened , fingers stretching away from the sun . 
 down below , by the fortress walls , a group of grooms began walking some horses to give them exercise . 
 more lights had been lit in the fortress windows . 
 how many people did graendal have in there ? 
 scores , if not hundreds . 
 a crashing sound in the brush suddenly drew min 's attention ; it was accompanied by curses . 
 she jumped as the noise cut off quite abruptly . 
 a small group of aiel approached a few moments later , leading a disheveled ramshalan , his fine clothing stuck with needles and scratched from branches . 
 he dusted himself off , then took a step toward rand . 
 the maidens held him back . 
 he glanced at them , cocking his head . 
 `` my lord dragon ? '' 
 `` is he infected ? '' 
 rand asked of nynaeve . 
 `` by what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` graendal 's touch . '' 
 nynaeve walked over to ramshalan and looked at him for a moment . 
 she hissed and said , `` yes . 
 rand , he 's under a heavy compulsion . 
 there are a lot of weaves here . 
 not as bad as the chandler 's apprentice , or maybe just more subtle . '' 
 `` i say , '' ramshalan said , `` my lord dragon , what is going on ? 
 the lady of the castle down there was quite friendly-she is an ally , my lord . 
 you have nothing to fear from her ! 
 very refined , i must say . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 rand asked quietly . 
 it was growing dark , sun setting behind the distant mountains . 
 besides the dim evening light , the only illumination came from the still-open gateway behind them . 
 it shone with lamplight , an inviting portal back to warmth , away from this place of shadow and coldness . 
 rand 's voice sounded so hard . 
 worse than min had ever heard it before . 
 `` rand , '' she said , touching his arm . 
 `` let 's go back . '' 
 `` i have something i must do , '' he said , not looking at her . 
 `` think about it some more , '' min said . 
 `` at least take some advice . 
 we can ask cadsuane , or - '' `` cadsuane held me in a box , min , '' he said very softly . 
 his face was clasped in shadow , but as he turned toward her , his eyes reflected the light from the open gateway . 
 orange and red . 
 there was an edge of anger to his tone . 
 / should n't have mentioned cadsuane , she realized . 
 the woman 's name was one of the few things that could still get emotion out of him . 
 `` a box , min , '' rand whispered . 
 `` though cadsuane 's box had walls that were invisible , it was as binding as any that ever held me . 
 her tongue was far more painful a rod than any that was taken to my skin . 
 i see that now . '' 
 rand pulled away from min 's touch . 
 `` what is the purpose of all this ? '' 
 nynaeve demanded . 
 `` you sent this man to suffer a compulsion , knowing what it would do to him ? 
 i wo n't watch another man squirm and die because of this ! 
 whatever she has compelled him to do , i wo n't remove it ! 
 it will be your own fault if it brings your death . '' 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 ramshalan asked . 
 the growing terror in his voice put min on edge . 
 the sun set ; rand was now just a silhouette . 
 the fortress was only a black profile with lanterns lighting the holes in its walls . 
 rand stepped up to the lip of the ridge , removing the access key from his pocket . 
 it started to glow just faintly , a red light coming from its very heart . 
 nynaeve inhaled sharply . 
 `` neither of you were there when callandor failed me , '' he said into the night . 
 `` it happened twice . 
 once i tried to use it to raise the dead , but i got only a puppeted body . 
 once i tried to use it to destroy the seanchan , but i caused as much death among my own armies as i caused among theirs . 
 `` cadsuane told me that the second failure came from a flaw in callandor itself . 
 it can not be controlled by a lone man , you see . 
 it only works if he 's in a box . 
 callandor is a carefully enticing leash , intended to make me surrender willingly . '' 
 the access key 's globe burst alight with a more brilliant color , seeming crystalline . 
 the light within was scarlet , the core brilliant and bright . 
 as if someone had dropped a glowing rock into a pool of blood . 
 `` i see a different answer to my problems , '' rand said , voice still almost a whisper . 
 `` both times callandor failed me , i was being reckless with my emotion . 
 i allowed temper to drive me . 
 i ca n't kill in anger , min . 
 i have to keep that anger inside ; i must channel it as i channel the one power . 
 each death must be deliberate . 
 intentional . '' 
 min could n't speak . 
 could n't phrase her fears , could n't find the words to make him stop . 
 his eyes remained in the darkness , somehow , despite the liquid light he held before him . 
 that light hurled shadows away from his figure , as if he was the point of a silent explosion . 
 min turned to nynaeve ; the aes sedai watched with wide eyes , mouth slightly open . 
 she could n't find words either . 
 min turned back to rand . 
 when he 'd been close to killing her with his own hand , she had n't feared him . 
 but then , she 'd known that it was n't rand hurting her , but semirhage . 
 but this rand-hand aflame , eyes so intent yet so dispassionate - terrified her . 
 `` i 've done it before , '' he whispered . 
 `` i once said that i did n't kill women , but it was a lie . 
 i murdered a woman long before i faced semirhage . 
 her name was liah . 
 i killed her in shadar logoth . 
 i struck her down , and i called it mercy . '' 
 he turned to the fortress palace below . 
 `` forgive me , '' he said , but it did n't seem directed at min , `` for calling this mercy as well . '' 
 something impossibly bright formed in the air before him , and min cried out , backing away . 
 the air itself seemed to warp , as if pulling away from rand in fear . 
 dust blew from the ground in a circle around him , and the trees groaned , lit by the brilliant white light , the pine needles rattling like a hundred thousand insects scrambling over one another . 
 min could no longer make out rand , only a blazing , brilliant force of light . 
 pure power , gathered , making the hairs on her arms rise with the force of its nebulous energy . 
 in that moment , she felt as if she could understand what the one power was . 
 it was there , before her , made incarnate in the man rand al ` thor . 
 and then , with a sound like a sigh , he released it . 
 a column of pure whiteness exploded from him and burned across the silent night sky , illuminating the trees below it in a wave . 
 it moved as quick as a snap of the fingers , striking the wall of the distant fortress . 
 the stones came alight , as if they were breathing in the force of the energy . 
 the entire fortress glowed , transforming into living light , an amazing , spectacular palace of unadulterated energy . 
 it was beautiful . 
 and then it was gone . 
 burned from the landscape-and the pattern - as if it had never been there . 
 the entire fortress , hundreds of feet of stone and everyone who had lived in it . 
 something hit min , something like a shocking wave in the air . 
 it was n't a physical blast , and it did n't make her stumble , but it twisted her insides about . 
 the forest around them-still lit by the glowing access key in rand 's hands-seemed to warp and shake . 
 it was as if the world itself were groaning in agony . 
 it snapped back , but min could still feel that tension . 
 in that instant , it seemed as if the very substance of world had been near to breaking . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 nynaeve whispered . 
 rand did n't reply . 
 min could see his face again , now that the enormous column of balefire had vanished , leaving behind only the glowing access key . 
 he was in ecstasy , mouth agape , and he held the access key aloft before himself as if in victory . 
 or in reverence . 
 then he gritted his teeth , eyes opening wide , lips parted as if he were under great pressure . 
 the light flashed once , then immediately vanished . 
 all became dark . 
 min blinked in the sudden darkness , trying to get her eyes to adjust . 
 the powerful image of rand seemed burned into her vision . 
 had he really done what she thought he had ? 
 had he burned away an entire fortress with balefire ? 
 all those people . 
 men returning from the hunt ... women carrying water ... soldiers on the walls ... the grooms outside ... they were gone . 
 burned from the pattern . 
 killed . 
 dead forever . 
 the horror of it made min stumble back , and she pressed her back against a tree to keep herself upright . 
 so many lives , ended in an instant . 
 dead . 
 destroyed . 
 by rand . 
 a light appeared from nynaeve , and min turned , seeing the aes sedai illuminated by the warm , soft glow of a globe above her hand . 
 her eyes seemed almost afire with a light of their own . 
 `` you are out of control , rand al ` thor , '' she declared . 
 `` i do what must be done , '' he said , speaking now from the shadows . 
 he sounded exhausted . 
 `` test him , nynaeve . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the fool , '' rand said . 
 `` is her compulsion still there ? 
 is graendal 's touch gone ? '' 
 `` i hate what you just did , rand , '' nynaeve snarled . 
 `` no . 
 ` hate ' is n't strong enough . 
 i loathe what you 've done . 
 what has happened to you ? '' 
 `` test him ! '' 
 rand whispered , voice dangerous . 
 `` before condemning me , let us first determine if my sins have achieved anything beyond my own damnation . '' 
 nynaeve breathed in deeply , then glanced at ramshalan , who was still held in the grip of several aiel maidens . 
 nynaeve reached out and touched his forehead , concentrating . 
 `` it 's gone , '' she said . 
 `` erased . '' 
 `` then she is dead , '' rand said from the darkness . 
 light ! 
 min thought , realizing what he 'd done . 
 he did n't use ramshalan as a courier , or as bait . 
 he used the man as a way of proving to himself that graendal was dead . 
 balefire burned someone out of the pattern completely , making it so that their most recent actions never occurred . 
 ramshalan would remember visiting graendal , but her compulsion no longer existed . 
 in a way , she 'd been killed before ramshalan had visited her . 
 min felt at her neck , where the bruises of rand 's hand on her neck had n't yet faded . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' ramshalan said , his voice nearly a squeak . 
 `` how do you fight someone smarter than yourself ? '' 
 rand whispered . 
 `` the answer is simple . 
 you make her think that you are sitting down across the table from her , ready to play her game . 
 then you punch her in the face as hard as you can . 
 you have served me well , ramshalan . 
 i will forgive you for boasting to lords vivian and callswell that you could manipulate me however you wished . '' 
 ramshalan slumped in shock , and the maidens let him fall to his knees . 
 `` my lord ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` i had too much wine that night , and - '' `` hush , '' rand said . 
 `` as i said , you have served me well this day . 
 i will not execute you . 
 you will find a village two days ' walk to the south . '' 
 with that , rand turned ; to min 's eyes , he was just a shadow rustling in the forest . 
 he walked to the gateway and stepped through . 
 min hurried to follow him , and nynaeve did likewise . 
 the maidens came last , leaving ramshalan kneeling stupefied in the forest . 
 when the last maiden was through the gateway , the portal slid closed , cutting off the sounds of ramshalan whimpering in the dark . 
 `` what you have done is an abomination , rand al ` thor , '' nynaeve said as soon as the gateway was closed . 
 `` there looked to have been dozens , maybe hundreds , of people living in that palace ! '' 
 `` each one made into an idiot by graendal 's compulsion , '' rand replied . 
 `` she never lets anyone close to her without destroying their mind first . 
 the boy she sent to work the jail barely knew a fraction of the torture most of her pets receive . 
 she leaves them without ability to think or act-all they can do is kneel and adore her , perhaps run errands at her command . 
 i did them a favor . '' 
 `` a favor ? '' 
 nynaeve asked . 
 `` rand , you used balefire ! 
 they were burned out of existence ! . '' 
 `` as i said , '' rand replied softly . 
 `` a favor . 
 sometimes , i wish the same blessing for myself . 
 good night , nynaeve . 
 sleep as well you can , for our time in arad doman is at an end . '' 
 min watched him go , wishing to sprint after him , but holding herself back . 
 once he was gone from the room , nynaeve slumped into one of the room 's maroon chairs , sighing and leaning her head against her hand . 
 min felt like doing the same . 
 until that moment , she had n't realized just how drained she was . 
 being around rand lately did that to her , even when he was n't engaged in activities as terrible as the ones this night . 
 `` i wish moiraine were here , '' nynaeve muttered softly , then froze , as if surprised to have heard herself say that . 
 `` we have to do something , nynaeve , '' min said , looking at the aes sedai . 
 nynaeve nodded absently . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 `` well , what if he 's right ? '' 
 nynaeve asked . 
 `` wool-headed fool though he is , what if he really does have to be like this to win ? 
 the old rand could never have destroyed an entire fortress full of people to kill one of the forsaken . '' 
 `` of course he could n't have , '' min said . 
 `` he still cared about killing then ! 
 nynaeve , all those lives ... '' `` and how many people would still be alive now if he 'd been this ruthless from the start ? '' 
 nynaeve asked , looking away . 
 `` if he 'd been capable of sending his followers into danger as he did ramshalan ? 
 if he 'd been able to strike without worrying about whom he would have to kill ? 
 if he 'd ordered his troops into graendal 's fortress , her followers would have resisted fanatically , and they would have ended up dead anyway . 
 and she would have escaped . 
 `` this might be what he has to be . 
 the last battle is nearly upon us , min . 
 the last battle ! 
 can we dare send a man to fight the dark one who wo n't sacrifice for what needs to be done ? '' 
 min shook her head . 
 `` dare we send him as he is , with that look in his eyes ? 
 nynaeve , he 's stopped caring . 
 nothing matters to him anymore but defeating the dark one . '' 
 `` is n't that what we want him to do ? '' 
 `` i. ... '' she stopped . 
 `` winning wo n't be winning at all if rand becomes something as bad as the forsaken ... we - '' `` i understand , '' nynaeve said suddenly . 
 `` light burn me , but i do , and you 're right . 
 i just do n't like the answers those conclusions are giving me . '' 
 `` what conclusions ? '' 
 nynaeve sighed . 
 `` that cadsuane was right , '' she said . 
 nearly under her breath , she added , `` insufferable woman . '' 
 she stood up . 
 `` come on . 
 we need to find her and discover what her plans are . '' 
 min stood , joining nynaeve . 
 `` you 're certain she has plans ? 
 rand was harsh with her . 
 maybe she 's just staying with us to watch him flounder and fail without her . '' 
 `` she has plans , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` if there 's one thing we can count on with that woman , it 's that she 's scheming . 
 we just have to convince her to let us in on it . '' 
 `` and if she wo n't ? '' 
 min asked . 
 `` she will , '' nynaeve said , looking at the place where rand 's gateway had split the rug . 
 `` once we tell her about tonight , she will . 
 i dislike the woman , and i suspect she returns the emotion , but neither of us can handle rand alone . '' 
 she pursed her lips . 
 `` i worry we wo n't be able to handle him together . 
 let 's go . '' 
 min followed . 
 `` handle '' rand ? 
 that was another problem . 
 nynaeve and cadsuane were both so concerned with handling that they failed to see that it might be best to help him instead . 
 nynaeve cared for rand , but she saw him as a problem to be fixed , rather than a man in need . 
 and so min accompanied the aes sedai out of the mansion . 
 they walked into the dark courtyard-nynaeve making a globe of light-and hurried around the back , past the stable and toward the gatekeeper 's cottage . 
 they passed alivia on the way ; the former damane looked disappointed . 
 likely , she 'd been turned away by cadsuane and the others again-alivia spent a great deal of time trying to get the aes sedai to train her in new weaves . 
 they finally reached the gatekeeper 's cottage-at least , the gatekeeper 's cottage was what it had been until cadsuane prevailed upon him to move out . 
 it was a single-story , thatch-roofed structure of painted yellow wood . 
 light shone out between the shutters on the windows . 
 nynaeve stepped up to the front and knocked on the sturdy oak door ; it was answered shortly by merise . 
 `` yes , child ? '' 
 the green asked , as if intentionally trying to goad nynaeve . 
 `` i have to speak with cadsuane , '' nynaeve growled . 
 `` cadsuane sedai , she has no business with you right now , '' merise said , moving to close the cottage door . 
 `` return tomorrow , and perhaps she will see you . '' 
 `` rand al ` thor just burned an entire palace full of people from existence with balefire , '' nynaeve said , loud enough to be heard by those inside the cottage . 
 `` i was with him . '' 
 merise froze . 
 `` let her in , '' cadsuane 's voice said from inside . 
 reluctantly , merise pulled open the door . 
 inside , min saw cadsuane sitting on some cushions on the floor with amys , bair , melaine and sorilea . 
 the front room-the main room-of the cottage was decorated with a simple brown rug on the floor , mostly obscured by the seated women . 
 a gray stone fireplace burned with a calm flame at the back , the wood nearly consumed , the fire low . 
 a stool sat in the corner , with a pot of tea on it . 
 nynaeve barely gave the wise ones a glance . 
 she pushed her way into the cottage , and min followed more hesitantly . 
 `` tell us of this event , child , '' sorilea said . 
 `` we felt the world warping from here , but did not know what had caused it . 
 we assumed it to be the dark one 's work . '' 
 `` i 'll tell you , '' nynaeve said , then took a deep breath , `` but i want to be a part of your plans . '' 
 `` we shall see , '' cadsuane said . 
 `` relate your experience . '' 
 min took a seat on a wooden stool at the side of the room as nynaeve gave her account of natrin 's barrow . 
 the wise ones listened , tight-lipped . 
 cadsuane just nodded occasionally . 
 merise , face full of horror , refilled cups of tea from the pot on the stool-by the smell it was tremalking black-then set it to hang by the fire . 
 nynaeve finished , still standing . 
 oh , rand , min thought . 
 this must be tearing you apart inside . 
 but she could feel him through the bond ; his emotions seemed very cold . 
 `` you were wise to come to us with this , child , '' sorilea said to nynaeve . 
 `` you may withdraw . '' 
 nynaeve 's eyes opened wide with anger . 
 `` but - '' `` sorilea , '' cadsuane said calmly , cutting nynaeve off . 
 `` this child could be of use to our plans . 
 she is still close to the al ` thor boy ; he trusted her enough to take her with him this evening . '' 
 sorilea glanced toward the other wise ones . 
 aged bair and sun-haired melaine both nodded . 
 amys seemed thoughtful , but did not object . 
 `` perhaps , '' sorilea said . 
 `` but can she be obedient ? '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 cadsuane asked of nynaeve . 
 they all seemed to be ignoring min . 
 `` can you ? '' 
 nynaeve s eyes were still wide with anger . 
 light , min thought . 
 nynaeve p obey cadsuane and the othersp she 's going to explode at them ! 
 nynaeve tugged on her braid with a white-knuckled grip . 
 `` yes , cadsuane sedai , '' she said through clenched teeth . 
 `` i can . '' 
 the wise ones seemed surprised to hear her speak the words , but cadsuane nodded again , as if she 'd expected that response . 
 who could expect nynaeve to be so ... well , reasonable ? 
 `` sit down , child , '' cadsuane said with a wave of the hand . 
 `` let 's see if you can follow orders . 
 you might be the only one of the current crop who is salvageable . '' 
 that made merise flush . 
 `` no , cadsuane , '' amys said . 
 `` not the only one . 
 egwene has much honor . '' 
 the other two wise ones nodded . 
 `` what is the plan ? '' 
 nynaeve said . 
 `` your part in it is - '' cadsuane began . 
 `` wait , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` my part ? 
 i want to hear the whole thing . '' 
 `` you 'll hear when we 're ready to tell you , '' cadsuane said curtly . 
 `` and do n't make me regret my decision to speak in your behalf . '' 
 nynaeve forced her mouth shut , eyes aflame . 
 but she did not snap at them . 
 `` your part , '' cadsuane continued , `` is to find perrin aybara . '' 
 `` what good will that do ? '' 
 nynaeve asked , then added , `` cadsuane sedai . '' 
 `` that is our business , '' cadsuane said . 
 `` he has been traveling in the south recently , but we ca n't discover exactly where . 
 the al ` thor boy might know where he is . 
 find out for us , and perhaps i 'll explain the point . '' 
 nynaeve nodded reluctantly , and the others turned to a discussion of how much strain from balefire the pattern could take before unraveling completely . 
 nynaeve listened in silence , obviously trying to glean more about cadsuane 's plan , though there did n't seem to be many clues . 
 min only half-listened . 
 whatever the plan , someone would need to watch out for rand . 
 his deed this day would be destroying him inside , no matter what he proclaimed . 
 there were plenty of others worrying about what he would do at the last battle . 
 it was her job to get him to that last battle alive and sane , with his soul in one piece . 
 somehow . 
 chapter 38 news in tel ` aran ` rhiod egwene , see reason , '' siuan said , faintly translucent because of the ter ` angreal ring she had used to enter tel ` aran ` rhiod . 
 `` what good can you do , rotting in that cell ? 
 elaida will see that you 're never let free , not after what you said you did at that dinner . '' 
 siuan shook her head . 
 `` mother , sometimes you just have to face truth . 
 you can only repair a net so many times before you need to toss the thing aside and weave a new one . '' 
 egwene sat on a three-legged stool in the corner of the room , the front part of a cobbler 's shop . 
 she 'd chosen the location at random , just in case , eschewing a location in the white tower itself . 
 the forsaken knew that egwene and the others walked the world of dreams . 
 with siuan , egwene could be more relaxed , more her real self . 
 the two of them both understood that egwene was now the amyrlin and siuan her lesser , but at the same time , they shared a bond . 
 a camaraderie due to the station they both had filled . 
 that bond , strangely , had turned into something akin to friendship . 
 at the moment , egwene was nearly ready to strangle her friend . 
 `` we 've been over this , '' she said firmly . 
 `` i can not flee . 
 each day i spend imprisoned-but do not break-is another blow to elaida 's rule . 
 if i disappear before her trial , it will undermine everything we 've worked for ! '' 
 `` the trial will be a sham , mother , '' siuan said . 
 `` and if it is n't , the punishment will be light . 
 from what you 've told me , she did n't break any bones when she beat you-why , she did n't break the skin . '' 
 that was true . 
 egwene 's bleeding had been from broken glass , not elaida 's stripes . 
 `` even a formal censure from the hall will undermine her , '' egwene said . 
 `` my resistance , my refusal to break my imprisonment , means something . 
 the sitters themselves come to visit me ! 
 if i were to flee , it would look as though i 'd given in to elaida . '' 
 `` did n't she declare you a darkfriend ? '' 
 siuan asked pointedly . 
 egwene hesitated . 
 yes , elaida had done that . 
 but she did n't have proof for it . 
 tower law was intricate , and sorting out the proper punishments and interpretations could be complicated . 
 the three oaths would have prevented elaida from using the one power as a weapon , and so elaida must have thought that what she was doing was n't a violation . 
 either she had gone farther than she 'd planned , or she saw egwene as a darkfriend . 
 she could argue for either position to defend herself ; the latter would relieve her of the most guilt , but the former would be much easier to prove . 
 `` she could succeed at having you convicted , '' siuan said , apparently thinking along the same lines . 
 `` you would be slated for execution . 
 what then ? '' 
 `` she wo n't succeed . 
 she has n't any proof that i am a darkfriend , and so the hall will never allow it . '' 
 `` and if you 're wrong ? '' 
 egwene hesitated . 
 `` very well . 
 if the hall decides that i am to be executed , i will let you get me out . 
 but not until then , siuan . 
 not until then . '' 
 siuan snorted . 
 `` you might not have an opportunity , mother . 
 if elaida cows them , she will act quickly . 
 the woman 's punishments can be swift as a stormwind , take you unaware . 
 i know that for certain . '' 
 `` if that happens , '' egwene said pointedly , `` my death would be a victory . 
 elaida would be the one who gave up , not i. '' siuan shook her head , muttering , `` stubborn as a mooring post . '' 
 `` we are finished with that discussion , siuan , '' egwene said sternly . 
 siuan sighed , but said nothing further . 
 she seemed to have too much nervous energy to sit , and ignored the stool on the other side of the room , instead going to stand by the shop window to egwene 's right . 
 the cobbler 's salesroom showed signs of great traffic . 
 a stout counter divided the room in half , the wall behind pocketed with dozens of shoesized nooks . 
 at times , most of these were stuffed with sturdy work shoes of leather or canvas , laces hanging down the front or buckles gleaming in the phantom light of tel ` aran ` rhiod . 
 yet each time egwene glanced at the wall , the shoes had shifted , some vanishing , others appearing . 
 they must not stay long in their cubbyholes in the real world , for they left only vague images behind in the world of dreams . 
 the front half of the shop was crowded with stools for customers to use . 
 the shoes on the back wall were of different designs and patterns , along with test shoes for sizing . 
 a person came into the shop , tried on the sizing shoes , then picked a style . 
 the cobbler-or , likely , his assistants - would then craft a pair for later pickup . 
 the wide glass windows at the front proclaimed the name of the cobbler in white painted letters to be naorman mashinta , and a smaller number `` three '' had been painted beside the name . 
 this was the third generation of mashintas to run the shop . 
 not uncommon at all among townsfolk . 
 in fact , the part of egwene that was still influenced by the two rivers found it odd that anyone would consider leaving their parent 's trade for another , unless they were a third or fourth child . 
 `` now that we 've dealt with the obvious , '' egwene said , `` what news is there ? '' 
 `` well , '' siuan said , leaning on the window and staring out at the eerily empty tar valon street . 
 `` an old acquaintance of yours recently arrived in camp . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 egwene asked absently . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` gawyn trakand . '' 
 egwene started . 
 that was impossible ! 
 gawyn had sided with elaida 's faction during the rebellion . 
 he would n't have come over to the rebel side . 
 had he been captured ? 
 but that was n't how siuan had phrased it . 
 for a moment , egwene was a trembling girl , caught in the power of his whispered promises . 
 she managed to keep her form locked into that of the amyrlin , however , and forced her thoughts back to the moment , driving herself to be casual as she responded . 
 `` gawyn ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` how odd . 
 i would n't have thought to find him there . '' 
 siuan smiled . 
 `` that was nicely handled , '' she said . 
 `` though you paused too long , and when you did ask for him , you were overly uninterested . 
 that made you easy to read . '' 
 `` light blind you , '' egwene said . 
 `` another test ? 
 is he really there ? '' 
 `` i hold to the oaths , thank you , '' siuan said , affronted . 
 egwene was one of the few who knew that , as a result of her stilling and healing , siuan had been released from the three oaths . 
 but , like egwene , she chose not to lie anyway . 
 `` either way , '' egwene said , `` i should think that the time for testing me has passed . '' 
 `` everyone you meet will always be testing you , mother , '' siuan said . 
 `` you must be prepared for surprises ; at any moment someone could throw one at you just to see how you respond . '' 
 `` thank you , '' egwene said coldly . 
 `` but i really do n't need the reminder . '' 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 siuan said . 
 `` sounds a little like something elaida would say . '' 
 `` that 's unfair ! '' 
 `` prove it , '' siuan said smugly . 
 egwene forced herself to be calm . 
 siuan was right . 
 better to take the advice , particularly when it was good advice , than to complain . 
 `` you are right , of course , '' egwene said , smoothing out her dress across her knees as she also smoothed the frustration from her face . 
 `` tell me more of gawyn 's arrival . '' 
 `` i do n't know much more , '' siuan confessed . 
 `` i really should have mentioned it yesterday , but our meeting was cut short . '' 
 they were meeting more often now-each night of egwene 's imprisonment-but yesterday something had awakened siuan before they had finished talking . 
 a bubble of evil in the rebel camp , she had reported , involving tents coming alive and trying to strangle people . 
 three had died , one of them aes sedai . 
 `` anyway , '' siuan continued , `` gawyn has n't said much that i could hear . 
 i think he 's here because he heard that you were captured . 
 he arrived with a spectacular flurry , but now he stays in bryne 's command post , visiting the aes sedai regularly . 
 he 's mulling over something ; keeps going to speak to romanda and lelaine . '' 
 `` that 's troubling . '' 
 `` well , they are the obvious power in camp , '' siuan said . 
 `` save when sheriam and the others can wrench some authority away . 
 things have n't gone well without you ; the camp needs leadership . 
 actually , we crave it , as a starving fisherman craves a catch . 
 aes sedai are a people of order , i suppose . 
 it - '' she stopped herself . 
 likely , she had been about to bully egwene again to accept rescue . 
 she glanced at egwene , then continued . 
 `` well , it will be good for us when you return , mother . 
 the longer you stay away , the stronger the factions become . 
 you can almost see the lines down the middle of the camp now . 
 romanda on one side , lelaine on the other , with a shrinking slice that does n't want to take sides . '' 
 `` we can not afford another division , '' egwene said . 
 `` not among ourselves ; we have to prove stronger than elaida . '' 
 `` at least our splits are n't along the lines of ajah , '' siuan said defensively . 
 `` factions and breaks , '' egwene said , getting up . 
 `` infighting and squabbling . 
 we are better than this , siuan . 
 tell the hall that i wish to meet with them . 
 perhaps in two days . 
 tomorrow , you and i should meet again . '' 
 siuan nodded hesitantly . 
 `` very well . '' 
 egwene eyed her . 
 `` you think it unwise ? '' 
 `` no , '' siuan said . 
 `` i worry about how hard you 're pushing yourself . 
 the amyrlin needs to learn to ration her strength ; some in your place have failed not because they lacked the capacity for greatness , but because they stretched that capacity too thin , sprinting when they should have walked . '' 
 egwene refrained from pointing out that siuan herself had spent much of her tenure as amyrlin sprinting at a breakneck speed . 
 but it could very well be argued that siuan had stretched herself too thin , and had fallen as a result . 
 who better to speak on the dangers of such activities than one who had been burned by them so deeply ? 
 `` the advice is appreciated , daughter , '' egwene said . 
 `` but really , there is little to worry about . 
 my days are spent in solitude , with the occasional beating to provide spice . 
 these meetings at night help me survive . '' 
 she shivered , glancing away from siuan , out the window toward the dirty , vacant street . 
 `` is it difficult to endure ? '' 
 siuan asked softly . 
 `` the cell is narrow enough for me to touch opposite walls at once , '' egwene said . 
 `` and is n't very long , either . 
 when i lie down , i have to bend my knees to fit . 
 i ca n't stand , since the ceiling is so low it makes me stoop , and i ca n't sit without pain , for they no longer heal me between beatings . 
 the straw is old and itches . 
 the door is thick and the cracks do n't allow in much light . 
 i was n't aware that the tower had cells such as this one . '' 
 she glanced back at siuan . 
 `` once i am upheld fully as amyrlin , this room and any like it will be removed , the doors ripped out and the cells themselves filled with bricks and mortar . '' 
 siuan nodded . 
 `` we 'll make certain of it . '' 
 egwene turned away again , and noticed with shame that she 'd let her gown shift to the cadin ` sor of an aiel maiden , complete with spears and bow at her back . 
 she forced the clothing back , taking a deep breath . 
 `` no person should be kept in such a manner , '' she said , `` not even . 
 ... '' siuan frowned as egwene trailed off . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 egwene shook her head . 
 `` it just occurred to me . 
 this is what it must have been like for rand . 
 no , worse . 
 the stories say he was locked in a box smaller than my cell . 
 at least i can spend part of the evenings chatting with you . 
 he had nobody . 
 he was without the belief that his beatings meant something . '' 
 light send that she did n't have to endure as long as he had . 
 her imprisonment had only been a few days so far . 
 siuan fell silent . 
 `` regardless , '' egwene said , `` i have tel ` aran ` rbiod . 
 during the days , my body is captive , but my soul is free at night . 
 and each day i endure is another proof that elaida 's will is not law . 
 she can not break me . 
 her support from the others is eroding . 
 trust me . '' 
 siuan nodded . 
 `` very well , '' she said , rising . 
 `` you are amyrlin . '' 
 `` of course i am , '' egwene said absently . 
 `` no , egwene , '' siuan said . 
 `` i meant that from the heart . '' 
 egwene turned , surprised . 
 `` but you 've always believed in me ! '' 
 siuan raised an eyebrow . 
 `` at least , '' egwene said , `` from fairly near the beginning . '' 
 `` i always believed you had potential , '' siuan corrected . 
 `` well , you 've fulfilled it . 
 some of it at least . 
 enough of it . 
 however this storm blows through , you 've proven one thing . 
 you deserved the place you hold . 
 light , girl , you may end up being the best amyrlin this world has known this side of artur hawkwing 's reign ! '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` and that 's not an easy thing for me to admit , mind you . '' 
 egwene took siuan 's arms , smiling . 
 why , siuan almost looked teary-eyed with pride ! 
 `` all i did was get myself locked in a cell . '' 
 `` and you did it like an amyrlin , egwene , '' siuan said . 
 `` but i should be getting back . 
 some of us ca n't spend our days relaxing the way you can . 
 we need real sleep , otherwise we 're likely to fall unconscious in our washwater . '' 
 she grimaced , releasing herself from egwene 's hands . 
 `` you could just tell him to - '' `` now , i 'll have none of that , '' siuan said , wagging a finger at egwene . 
 had she forgotten that she 'd just been complimenting egwene 's stature as an amyrlin ? 
 `` i gave my word , and i 'll be fish guts before i 'll break it . '' 
 egwene blinked . 
 `` i would n't dream of making you , '' she said , covering a smile as she noticed that siuan 's shadowy form now had a bright red ribbon in its hair . 
 `` off with you , then . '' 
 siuan nodded sharply , then sat down and closed her eyes . 
 she faded slowly from tel ` aran ` rhiod . 
 egwene hesitated , watching the area where siuan had been . 
 it was probably time to return to normal dreaming , letting her mind restore itself . 
 but returning to her normal dreams would be a step toward waking , and when she woke she would find only that cramped dungeon and its stuffy darkness . 
 she longed to stay in the world of dreams just a little longer . 
 she thought of visiting elayne 's dreams to ask for a meeting ... but no , that would take too much time , assuming elayne could make her dream ter ` angreal work . 
 she rarely could , these days . 
 she found herself stepping away from tar valon , the cobbler 's shop vanishing around her . 
 she appeared in the rebel aes sedai camp . 
 a foolish place to visit , perhaps . 
 if there were darkfriends or forsaken in the world of dreams , they could very well be studying this camp and looking for information , much as egwene sometimes visited the amyrlin 's study in tel ` aran ` rhiod to search for clues on elaida 's plans . 
 but egwene needed to come here . 
 she did n't question why ; she simply felt that it was true . 
 the streets of the camp were muddy , worn in ruts from passing wagons . 
 once just a field , the area had been appropriated by the aes sedai and turned into ... something . 
 part a place of war , with bryne 's soldiers camped in a ring about them . 
 part town , though no town had ever boasted such a complement of aes sedai , novices and accepted . 
 part monument to the weakness of the white tower . 
 egwene walked the camp 's main thoroughfare , where weeds had been trampled to mud , then mud worn into a road . 
 walkways lined it , and tents covered the flat land beyond . 
 there were no people , only the occasional fleeting glimpse of a sleeper who had stumbled into tel ` aran ` rhiod . 
 here , a brief flash of a woman in a fine green gown . 
 a dreaming aes sedai , perhaps , though it was just as likely to be a serving maid imagining herself to be a queen . 
 there , a woman in white-a woman with stringy blond hair who was far too old to be a novice . 
 that no longer mattered . 
 the novice book should have long ago been opened to all . 
 the white tower was too weak to turn down any source of strength . 
 both women were gone almost as quickly as they appeared . 
 few dreamers stayed long in tel ` aran ` rbiod ; to remain longer , one needed either a particular skill like egwene 's or a ter ` angreal like the ring siuan used . 
 there was a third way . 
 getting caught up in a living nightmare . 
 there were none of the latter about , thank the light . 
 the camp seemed strange to be so deserted . 
 egwene had long since stopped being unnerved by the eerie lack of people in tel ` aran ` rhiod . 
 but this camp was different somehow . 
 it looked as a war camp might after all of the soldiers had been slaughtered on the battlefield . 
 deserted , yet still a banner to proclaim the lives of those who had occupied it . 
 egwene felt as if she could see the division that siuan had talked about , tents clumped together like bunches of sprouting flowers . 
 with individuals removed , she could see the patterns and the troubles they bespoke . 
 egwene might denounce elaida for the rifts among the ajahs in the white tower , but egwene 's own aes sedai were beginning to fracture as well . 
 well , three aes sedai could hardly gather without two of them making an alliance . 
 it was healthy to have the women planning and preparing ; the trouble was when they began to regard others of their kind as enemies , rather than just rivals . 
 siuan was right , unfortunately . 
 egwene could not spend much more time setting her hopes on reconciliation . 
 what if the white tower did n't unseat elaida ? 
 what if , despite egwene 's progress , the rifts between the ajahs never healed ? 
 what then ? 
 go to war ? 
 there was another option , one that none of them had brought up : that of giving up on reconciliation permanently . 
 setting up a second white tower . 
 it would mean leaving the aes sedai broken , perhaps forever . 
 egwene shuddered at the prospect , and her skin itched , rebelling against the thought . 
 but what if she had no other choice ? 
 she had to consider the ramifications , and she found them daunting . 
 how could they encourage the kin or the wise ones to tie themselves to the aes sedai if the aes sedai themselves were not unified ? 
 the two white towers would become opposed forces , confusing the leaders of men as rival amyrlins tried to use nations for their own purposes . 
 allies and enemies alike would lose their awe of the aes sedai , and kings very well might start up their own centers for women talented in channeling . 
 egwene steeled herself , walking on the muddy road , the tents along the way changing , their flaps open , then closed , then open again in the strange ephemeral way of the world of dreams . 
 egwene felt the amyrlin 's stole appear around her neck , too heavy , as if woven with lead weights . 
 she would bring the white tower aes sedai to her side . 
 elaida would fall . 
 but if not ... then egwene would do what was necessary in order to preserve the people , and the world , in the face of tarmon gai ` don . 
 she stepped away from the camp , the tents , ruts , and empty streets vanishing . 
 again , she was n't certain where her mind would take her . 
 traveling in the world of dreams this way-letting need direct her - could be dangerous , but it could also be very illuminating . 
 in this case , she looked not for an object , but for knowledge . 
 what did she need to know , what did she need to see ? 
 her surroundings blurred , then snapped back straight . 
 she stood in the middle of a small camp , fire smoldering in a firepit before her , a tiny tongue of smoke curling toward the sky . 
 that was odd . 
 fire was usually too fleeting to reflect in tel ` aran ` rhiod . 
 there were no actual flames , despite the smoke and the orange glow warming the smooth riverstones that ringed the pit . 
 she glanced upward , toward the too-dark , stormy sky . 
 that silent storm was another irregularity for the world of dreams , though it had become so common lately that she hardly noticed it anymore . 
 could anything be called regular for this place ? 
 with shock , she noticed colorful wagons around her , green , red , orange and yellow . 
 had they been there a moment before ? 
 she was in a large clearing set inside a forest of phantom white aspen . 
 the underbrush was thick , where spindly wild grass poked fingers out in jagged patches . 
 an overgrown road meandered through the trees to her right ; the colorful wagons sat in a ring around the fire . 
 bright paints colored the sides of the boxy vehicles , which had roofs and walls like tiny buildings . 
 oxen did not reflect in the world of dreams , but plates , cups and spoons appeared , then vanished from places beside the firepit or on the seats of the wagons . 
 it was a camp of the traveling people , the tuatha'an . 
 why this place ? 
 egwene walked idly around the firepit , looking at the wagons , the coats of paint kept fresh and free of cracks or stains . 
 this caravan was much smaller than the one she and perrin had visited so long ago , but it had much the same feel . 
 she could almost hear the flutes and drums , could almost imagine those flickers from the firepit to be the shadows of dancing men and women . 
 did the tuatha'an still dance , with that sky so full of gloom , the winds so full of ill news ? 
 what place was there for them in a world preparing for war ? 
 trollocs cared nothing for the way of the leaf . 
 did this group of tuatha'an seek to hide from the last battle ? 
 egwene settled herself on the side steps of a wagon , which was turned to face the nearby firepit . 
 for a moment , she let her gown change to that of a simple , woolen two rivers dress of green , much like the one she 'd worn during her time visiting the traveling people . 
 she stared into those nonexistent flames , remembering and pondering . 
 what had become of aram , raen and ila ? 
 likely they were safe somewhere in a camp just like this one , waiting to see what tarmon gai ` don would do to the world . 
 eg-wene smiled , thinking of those days when she 'd flirted and danced with aram beneath perrin 's scowling disapproval . 
 that had been a simpler time ; though the tinkers always seemed able to make a simpler time for themselves . 
 yes , this group would still dance . 
 they would dance right up until the day when the pattern burned away , whether or not they found their song , whether or not trollocs ravaged the world or the dragon reborn destroyed it . 
 had she let herself lose sight of those things which were most precious ? 
 why did she fight so hard to secure the white tower ? 
 for power ? 
 for pride ? 
 or because she felt it really was best for the world ? 
 was she going to suck herself dry as she fought this battle ? 
 she had chosen-or , would have chosen-the green and not the blue . 
 the difference was n't just that she liked the way the greens stood up and fought ; she thought that the blues were too focused . 
 life was more complicated than a single cause . 
 life was about living . 
 about dreaming , laughing and dancing . 
 gawyn was in the aes sedai camp . 
 she said that she 'd chosen the green for its aggressive determination-it was the battle ajah . 
 but a more secret , more honest , part of herself admitted that gawyn was a motivation for her decision as well . 
 among the green ajah , marrying one 's warder was common . 
 egwene would have gawyn for her warder . 
 and her husband . 
 she loved him . 
 she would bond him . 
 those desires of her heart were less important than the fate of the world , true , but they were still important . 
 egwene rose from the steps as her dress transformed back into the white and silver gown of the amyrlin . 
 she took a step forward and let the world shift . 
 she stood before the white tower . 
 she turned her eyes high , running them along the length of the delicate-yet still powerful-white spire . 
 though the sky bubbled in black turmoil , something cast a shadow from the tower , and it fell directly on egwene . 
 was this a vision of some sort ? 
 the tower dwarfed her , and she felt its weight , as if she were holding it up herself . 
 pushing on those walls , keeping them from cracking and tumbling . 
 she stood for a long while there , sky boiling , the tower 's perfect spire throwing its shadow down on egwene . 
 she stared up at its peak , trying to decide if it was time to just let it fall . 
 no , she thought again . 
 no , not quite yet . 
 a few more days . 
 she closed her eyes , then opened them to blackness . 
 her body suddenly exploded with pain , her backside pounded raw from the strap , her arms and legs cramped from being forced to lie curled in the small room . 
 it smelled of old straw and mold , and she knew that if her nose had n't been used to it , she would have smelled the stench of her own unwashed body as well . 
 she stifled a groan-there were women outside , guarding her and maintaining her shield . 
 she would n't let them hear her offer complaint , not even in the form of a groan . 
 she sat up , wearing the same novice dress that she 'd worn to elaida 's dinner party . 
 the sleeves of the dress were stiff with dried blood , and this cracked as she moved , scraping against her skin . 
 she was parched ; they never gave her enough water . 
 but she did not complain . 
 no yells , no cries , no begging . 
 she forced herself to sit up despite the pain , smiling to herself at how it felt . 
 she crossed her legs , then leaned back and-one by one-stretched the muscles in her arms . 
 then she stood and stooped over , stretching her back and shoulders . 
 finally , she lay down on her back and stretched her legs up into the air , cringing as they complained . 
 she needed to remain limber . 
 pain was nothing . 
 nothing at all compared with the danger the white tower was in . 
 she sat back down , cross-legged , and took deep breaths , repeating to herself that she wanted to be locked in this room . 
 she could escape if she wished , but she remained . 
 by remaining she undermined elaida . 
 by remaining she proved that some would not bow and quietly accept the fall of the white tower . 
 this imprisonment meant something . 
 the words , repeated in her head , helped stave off the panic at considering yet another day within this cell . 
 what would she have done without the nightly dreams to keep her sane ? 
 again , she thought of poor rand , locked away . 
 she and he shared something now . 
 a kinship beyond a common childhood in the two rivers . 
 they had both suffered elaida 's punishments . 
 and it had n't broken either of them . 
 there was nothing to do but wait . 
 around noon , they would open the doors and drag her out to be beaten . 
 it would n't be silviana who did the punishing . 
 giving the beatings was seen as a reward , compensation to the red sisters for having to spend all day sitting in the dungeons guarding her . 
 after the beating , egwene would go back in the cell and be given a bowl of tasteless gruel . 
 day after day it was the same . 
 but she would not break , particularly not while she could spend the nights in tel ` aran ` rbiod . 
 in fact , in many ways , those were her days-spent free and active-while these were her nights , in inactive darkness . 
 she told herself that . 
 the morning passed slowly . 
 eventually , iron keys clanked as one turned in the ancient lock . 
 the door opened , and a pair of slender red sisters stood outside , barely silhouettes , the light so unfamiliar to egwene that she could n't make out their features . 
 the reds grabbed her roughly by the arms , though she never resisted . 
 they pulled her out and threw her to the ground . 
 she heard the strap as one slapped it against her hand in anticipation , and egwene steeled herself for the blows . 
 they would hear her laugh , just as they had every day before . 
 `` wait , '' a voice said . 
 the arms holding egwene down grew stiff . 
 egwene frowned , cheek pressed against the cold tile floor . 
 that voice ... it had been katerine 's . 
 slowly , the sisters holding egwene relaxed their grips , pulling her to her feet . 
 she blinked against the blazing light of the lamps to find kater-ine standing in the hallway a short distance away , her arms folded . 
 `` she is to be released , '' the red said , sounding strangely smug . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asked one of egwene 's captors . 
 as her eyes adjusted , egwene could see that it was lanky barasine . 
 `` the amyrlin has realized that she is punishing the wrong person , '' katerine said . 
 `` the failure lies not completely on the head of this ... insect of a novice , but on the one who was to be manipulating her . '' 
 egwene eyed katerine . 
 and then it clicked into place . 
 `` silviana , '' she said . 
 `` indeed , '' katerine said . 
 `` if the novices are out of control , then should not the blame fall on the one who was to train them ? '' 
 so elaida had realized that she could not prove egwene was a dark-friend . 
 deflecting attention to silviana was a clever move ; if elaida was punished for using the power to beat egwene , but silviana was punished far more for letting egwene get out of control , it would save face for the amyrlin . 
 `` i think the amyrlin made a wise choice , '' katerine said . 
 `` egwene , you are to be ... instructed from now on only by the mistress of novices . '' 
 `` but silviana is the one you said has failed , '' egwene said , confused . 
 `` not silviana , '' katerine said ; her smugness seemed to grow even further . 
 `` the new mistress of novices . '' 
 egwene locked gazes with the woman . 
 `` ah , '' she said . 
 `` and you believe that you will succeed where silviana failed ? '' 
 `` you will see . '' 
 katerine turned away and headed down the tiled hallway . 
 `` take her to her quarters . '' 
 egwene shook her head . 
 elaida was more competent than egwene had assumed . 
 she 'd seen that the imprisonment was n't working and had found a scapegoat to punish instead . 
 but silviana , removed from her position as mistress of novices ? 
 that would be a blow to the morale of the tower itself , for many sisters considered silviana an exemplary mistress of novices . 
 the reds reluctantly began to walk egwene toward the novices ' quarters , now in their new location on the twenty-second level . 
 they seemed annoyed to have missed out on the opportunity to beat her . 
 she ignored them . 
 after spending so long locked up , it felt wonderful simply to be able to walk . 
 it was n't freedom , not with a pair of guards , but it certainly did feel like it ! 
 light ! 
 she was n't certain how many more days in that dank hole of a cell she 'd have been able to stand ! 
 but she 'd won . 
 the realization was just beginning to dawn on her . 
 she 'd won \ she 'd resisted the worst punishment elaida could contrive , and had come out victorious ! 
 the amyrlin would be punished by the hall , and egwene would go free . 
 each familiar hallway seemed to shine with a congratulatory light , and each step she took seemed like the victory march of a thousand men across the battlefield . 
 she had won ! 
 the war was not over , but this battle went to egwene . 
 they climbed some stairs , then entered the more populated sections of the tower . 
 soon , she saw a group of novices passing ; they whispered to one another as they saw egwene , then scattered away . 
 within minutes , egwene s little procession of three began to pass more and more people in the hallways . 
 sisters of all ajahs , looking busy-yet their steps slowed as they watched egwene pass . 
 accepted in their banded dresses were far less covert ; they stood at intersections , gawking as egwene was led past . 
 in all of their eyes there was surprise . 
 why was she free ? 
 they seemed tense . 
 had something happened that egwene was n't aware of ? 
 `` ah , egwene , '' a voice said as they passed a hallway . 
 `` excellent , you are already free . 
 i would speak with you . '' 
 egwene turned with shock to see saerin , the purposeful brown sitter . 
 the scar on the woman 's cheek always made her seem far more ... daunting than most other aes sedai , an air enhanced by the white locks of hair , indicating her great age . 
 few members of the brown could be described as intimidating , but saerin was certainly one of that select group . 
 `` we are taking her to her rooms , '' barasine said . 
 `` well , i will speak to her as you do , '' saerin said calmly . 
 `` she is not to - '' `` you deny me , red ? 
 a sitter ? '' 
 saerin asked . 
 barasine blushed . 
 `` the amyrlin will not be pleased to hear of this . '' 
 `` then run along and tell her , '' saerin said . 
 `` while i discuss some items of import with young al ` vere . '' 
 she eyed the reds . 
 `` give us some room , if you please . '' 
 the two reds failed to stare her down , then backed away . 
 egwene watched with curiosity . 
 it appeared that the authority of the amyrlin - indeed , that of her entire ajah-was somewhat dimmed . 
 saerin turned to egwene and gestured , and the two of them began to walk together through the hallway , the red sisters following behind . 
 `` you take a risk being seen speaking to me like this , '' egwene said . 
 saerin sniffed . 
 `` leaving one 's quarters is taking a risk , these days . 
 i 'm growing too frustrated with events to bother with niceties anymore . '' 
 she paused , then glanced at egwene . 
 `` besides . 
 being seen in your company can be rather worth that risk , these days . 
 i wanted to determine something . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 egwene asked , curious . 
 `` well , i actually wanted to see if they could be pushed around . 
 most of the members of the red are not taking your release well . 
 they see it as a major failing on elaida 's part . '' 
 `` she should have killed me , '' egwene said with a nod . 
 `` days ago . '' 
 `` that would have been seen as a failure . '' 
 `` as much a failure as being forced to remove silviana ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` of suddenly deciding that your mistress of novices is to blame , a week after the fact ? '' 
 `` is that what they told you ? '' 
 saerin asked , smiling as they walked , her eyes forward . 
 `` that elaida ` suddenly ' came to this decision , all on her own ? '' 
 egwene raised an eyebrow . 
 `` silviana demanded to be heard by the full hall while it was sitting , '' saerin explained . 
 `` she stood before the lot of us , before elaida herself , and insisted that your treatment was unlawful . 
 which , likely , it was . 
 even if you are n't an aes sedai , you should n't have been placed in such terrible conditions . '' 
 saerin glanced at egwene . 
 `` silviana demanded your release . 
 she seemed to respect you a great deal , i should say . 
 she spoke with pride in her voice of how you 'd received your punishments , as if you were a student who had learned her lesson well . 
 she denounced elaida , calling for her to be removed as amyrlin . 
 it was ... quite extraordinary . '' 
 `` by the light ... '' egwene breathed . 
 `` what did elaida do to her ? '' 
 `` ordered her to take up the dress of a novice , '' saerin said . 
 `` just about caused an uproar in the hall itself . '' 
 saerin paused . 
 `` silviana refused , of course . 
 elaida has declared that she is to be stilled and executed . 
 the hall does n't know what to do . '' 
 egwene felt a stab of panic . 
 `` light ! 
 she must n't be punished ! 
 we must prevent this . '' 
 `` prevent it ? '' 
 saerin asked . 
 `` child , the red ajah is crumbling ! 
 its members are turning against one another , wolves attacking their own pack . 
 if elaida is allowed to go through with killing one of her own ajah , whatever support she had from within the ranks will evaporate . 
 why , i would n't be surprised , when the dust settles , to see that the ajah has undermined itself to the point that you could simply disband it and be done with them . '' 
 `` i do n't want to disband them , '' egwene said . 
 `` saerin , that 's one of the problems with elaida 's way of thinking in the first place ! 
 the white tower needs all of the ajahs , even the red , to face what is coming . 
 we certainly ca n't afford to lose a woman like silviana just to make a point . 
 rally what support you can . 
 we have to move quickly to stop this travesty . '' 
 saerin blinked . 
 `` do you really think you 're in control here , child ? '' 
 egwene met her eyes . 
 `` do you want to be ? '' 
 `` light , no ! '' 
 `` well , then stop standing in my way and get to work ! 
 elaida must be removed , but we ca n't let the entire tower collapse around us while it happens . 
 go to the hall and see what you can do to stop this ! '' 
 saerin actually nodded in respect before withdrawing down a side corridor . 
 egwene glanced back at her two red attendants . 
 `` did you hear much of that ? '' 
 they glanced at each other . 
 of course they 'd been listening . 
 `` you 'll want to go determine for yourselves what has happened , '' egwene said . 
 `` why have n't you ? '' 
 the two glanced at her with annoyance . 
 `` the shield , '' barasine said . 
 `` we 've been instructed to always have at least two to maintain it . '' 
 `` oh , for the ... . '' 
 egwene took a deep breath . 
 `` if i vow not to embrace the power until i am properly back in the custody of another red sister , will that be enough for you ? '' 
 the two regarded her with suspicion . 
 `` i suspected as much , '' egwene said . 
 she turned to a group of novices who were standing in a side corridor , pretending to scrub the tiles on the side wall while they gawked at egwene . 
 `` you , '' egwene said , pointing to one of them . 
 `` marsial , is n't it ? '' 
 `` yes , mother , '' the girl squeaked . 
 `` go and fetch us some forkroot tea . 
 katerine should have some at the study of the mistress of novices . 
 it 's not far . 
 tell her that barasine requested it for use on me ; bring it to my quarters . '' 
 the novice scrambled off to do as asked . 
 `` i 'll dose myself with that , and then at least one of you can go , '' egwene said . 
 `` your ajah is collapsing . 
 they 're going to need all of the clear minds they can get ; maybe you can convince your sisters that it is unwise to let elaida execute silviana . '' 
 the two reds glanced at each other uncertainly . 
 then the spindly one whose name egwene did n't know cursed softly and hurried away with a flurry of rustling skirts . 
 barasine called after her , but the woman did n't return . 
 barasine glanced at egwene , muttered something under her breath , but remained in place . 
 `` we 're waiting for that forkroot , '' she said , staring egwene in the eyes . 
 `` keep moving on to your quarters . '' 
 `` fine , '' egwene said . 
 `` but each minute you delay could cost you deeply . '' 
 they climbed the stairs to the new novices ' quarters , which were scrunched up alongside the remainder of the brown section of the tower . 
 they stopped by egwene 's door to wait for the forkroot . 
 as they stood there , novices began to crowd around . 
 in the distant corridors , sisters and their warders ran through hallways with a sense of urgency . 
 hopefully , the hall would be able to do something to contain elaida . 
 if she really went so far as to execute sisters for simply disagreeing with her ... . 
 the wide-eyed novice finally returned with a cup and a small packet of herbs . 
 barasine inspected the packet and apparently determined that it was satisfactory , for she dumped it into the cup and proffered it to egwene expectantly . 
 with a sigh , egwene took it and downed the entire cup of warm water . 
 it was enough of a dose that she would n't be able to channel a trickle , but hopefully would n't be strong enough to render her unconscious . 
 barasine turned and hurried away , leaving egwene alone in the hallway . 
 not just alone , but alone and able to do exactly as she wished . 
 she did n't get many of these opportunities . 
 well , she 'd have to see what she could do with that . 
 but first , she 'd need to change out of this filthy , bloodstained dress , and wash herself , too . 
 she pushed open the door to her quarters . 
 and found someone sitting inside . 
 `` hello , egwene , '' verin said , taking a sip from a steaming cup of tea . 
 `` my ! 
 i was beginning to wonder if i 'd have to break into that cell of yours in order to speak with you . '' 
 egwene shook off her shock . 
 verin ? 
 when had the woman returned to the white tower ? 
 how long had it been since egwene had seen her ? 
 `` there is n't time right now , verin , '' she said , quickly opening the small locker that contained her extra dress . 
 `` i have work to be about . '' 
 `` hmm , yes , '' verin said , taking a calm sip of her tea . 
 `` i suspect that you do . 
 by the way , that dress you are wearing is green . '' 
 egwene frowned at the nonsense sentence , glancing down at her dress . 
 of course it was n't green . 
 what was verin saying ? 
 had the woman become - she froze , glancing at verin . 
 that had been a lie . 
 verin could speak lies . 
 `` yes , i thought that might get your attention , '' verin said , smiling . 
 `` you should sit down . 
 we have much to discuss and little time in which to do it . '' 
 chapter 39 a visit from verin sedai you never held the oath rod , '' egwene accused her , still standing by the closet . 
 verin remained on the side of the bed , sipping her tea . 
 the stout woman wore a simple brown dress with a matronly cut through the bosom and a thick leather belt at the waist . 
 the skirts were divided , and judging from the dirty boots peeking out from under the hem , she had only just arrived back in the white tower . 
 `` do n't be silly . '' 
 verin brushed back a lock of hair that had escaped from her bun ; the brown was marked with a pronounced streak of gray . 
 `` child , i held the oath rod and swore upon it before your grandmother was born . '' 
 `` then you 've had the oaths removed , '' egwene said . 
 it was possible with the oath rod-after all , yukiri , saerin and the others had removed their oaths and replaced them . 
 `` well , yes , '' verin said in a motherly way . 
 `` i do n't trust you , '' egwene found herself blurting . 
 `` i do n't think i ever have . '' 
 `` very wise , '' verin said , sipping her tea . 
 it was not a scent egwene recognized . 
 `` i am , after all , of the black ajah . '' 
 egwene felt a sudden chill , like an ice cold spike pounded directly through her back and down into her chest . 
 black ajah . 
 verin was black . 
 light ! 
 egwene immediately reached for the one power . 
 but of course the forkroot made that effort futile . 
 and egwene herself had been the one to suggest it be given to her ! 
 light , had she taken leave of her senses ? 
 she 'd been so confident and certain following her victory that she had n't anticipated what might happen if she ran into a black sister . 
 but who could anticipate running into a black sister ? 
 finding one sitting calmly on your bed , drinking tea and looking at you with those eyes that always had seemed to know too much . 
 what better way to hide than as an unassuming brown , constantly dismissed by the other sisters because of your distracted , scholarly ways ? 
 `` my , but this is good tea , '' verin said . 
 `` when you next see laras , please thank her on my behalf for providing it . 
 she promised that she had some that had n't spoiled , but i did n't trust her . 
 ca n't trust much these days , can you ? '' 
 `` what , is laras a darkfriend ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` heavens , no , '' verin said . 
 `` she 's many things , but not a darkfriend . 
 you 'd sooner find a whitecloak marrying an aes sedai than find laras swearing to the great lord . 
 extraordinary woman . 
 and quite good at judging the flavor of teas . '' 
 `` what are you going to do with me ? '' 
 egwene said , forcing herself to speak calmly . 
 if verin had wanted to kill her , the deed would have been done by now . 
 obviously verin wanted to use egwene , and use would give egwene opportunity . 
 opportunity for escape , opportunity to turn the situation around . 
 light , this was bad timing ! 
 `` well , '' verin said , `` first i will ask you to sit . 
 i would offer you some tea , but i sincerely doubt you want any of what i 'm having . '' 
 think , egwene ! 
 she told herself . 
 calling for help would be futile ; only novices were likely to hear , as her red keepers had both run off . 
 of all the times to be alone ! 
 she 'd never have thought that she 'd wish for jailers nearby . 
 anyway , if she yelled , verin would undoubtedly bind and gag her with weaves of air . 
 and if any novices did hear , they 'd run to see what was the problem-and that would only pull them into verin 's clutches as well . 
 so egwene pulled over the room 's single wooden stool and sat upon it , backside protesting the uncushioned wood . 
 the small room was still and quiet , cold and sterile , as it had been unoccupied for four days . 
 egwene sought furiously for an avenue of escape . 
 `` i compliment you on what you 've done here , egwene , '' verin said . 
 `` i 've followed some little of the foolishness going on between the aes sedai factions , though i decided not to get involved personally . 
 it was more important to continue my research and keep an eye on young althor . 
 he 's a fiery one , i must say . 
 i worry about the lad . 
 i 'm not certain he understands how the great lord works . 
 not all evil is as ... obvious as the chosen . 
 the forsaken , as you 'd call them . '' 
 `` obvious ? '' 
 egwene said . 
 `` the forsaken ? '' 
 `` well , by comparison . '' 
 verin smiled and warmed her hands on her cup of tea . 
 `` the chosen are like a bunch of squabbling children , each trying to scream the loudest and attract their father 's attention . 
 it 's easy to determine what they want : power over the other children , proof that they are the most important . 
 i 'm convinced that it is n't intelligence , craftiness , or skill that makes one chosen-though of course , those things are important . 
 no , i believe it is selfishness the great lord seeks in his greatest leaders . '' 
 egwene frowned . 
 were they really having a quiet chat about the forsaken ? 
 `` why would he choose that quality ? '' 
 `` it makes them predictable . 
 a tool you can depend upon to act as expected is far more valuable than one you can not understand . 
 or perhaps because when they struggle against one another , it makes only the strong ones survive . 
 i do n't know , honestly . 
 the chosen are predictable , but the great lord is anything but . 
 even after decades of study , i ca n't be certain exactly what he wants or why he wants it . 
 i only know that this battle is n't being fought the way that al ` thor assumes it will be . '' 
 `` and what does this have to do with me ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` not much , '' verin said , tsking at herself . 
 `` i 'm afraid i let myself get sidetracked . 
 and with so little time , too . 
 i really must pay attention . '' 
 she still seemed like the pleasant , scholarly brown sister . 
 egwene had always expected that black sisters would be ... different . 
 `` anyway , '' verin continued . 
 `` we were talking about what you did here , in the tower . 
 i was afraid that i 'd come and find you still dawdling with your friends outside . 
 imagine my amazement at finding that you 'd not only infiltrated elaida 's regime , but had apparently turned half of the hall itself against her . 
 you 've certainly riled some of my associates , i can tell you that . 
 they are none too pleased . '' 
 verin shook her head , taking another sip of tea . 
 `` verin , i. ... '' egwene paused . 
 `` what is - '' `` no time , i 'm afraid , '' verin said , leaning forward . 
 suddenly , something about her seemed to change . 
 though she was still the aged-and at times motherly-woman , her expression grew more determined . 
 she caught egwene 's eyes , and the intensity within that gaze shocked egwene . 
 was this the same woman ? 
 `` thank you for humoring a woman 's rambles , '' verin said , voice more soft . 
 `` it was so very nice to have a quiet chat over tea , at least once more . 
 now , there are some things you need to know . 
 a number of years ago , i faced a decision . 
 i found myself in a position where i could either take the oaths to the dark one , or i could reveal that i had actually never wanted-or intended-to do so , whereupon i would have been executed . 
 `` perhaps another would have found a way around this situation . 
 many would have simply opted for death . 
 i , however , saw this as an opportunity . 
 you see , one rarely has such a chance as this , to study a beast from inside its heart , to see really what makes the blood flow . 
 to discover where all of the little veins and vessels lead . 
 quite an extraordinary experience . '' 
 `` wait , '' egwene said . 
 `` you joined the black ajah to study them ? '' 
 `` 1 joined them to keep my skin intact , '' verin said , smiling . 
 `` i 'm rather fond of it , though tomas did go on about these white hairs . 
 anyway , after joining them , the chance to study them was my making the best of the situation . '' 
 `` tomas . 
 does he know what you 've done ? '' 
 `` he was a darkfriend himself , child , '' verin said . 
 `` wanting a way out . 
 well , there really is n't a way out , not once the great lord has his claws in you . 
 but there was a way to fight , to make up for a little of what you 've done . 
 i offered that chance to tomas , and i believe he was quite grateful to me for it . '' 
 egwene hesitated , trying to take all of this in . 
 verin was a dark-friend ... but not one at the same time . 
 `` you said he ` was ' quite grateful to you ? '' 
 verin did n't answer immediately . 
 she simply took another sip of her tea . 
 `` the oaths one makes to the great lord are quite specific , '' she finally continued . 
 `` and , when they are placed upon one who can channel , they are quite binding . 
 impossible to break . 
 you can double-cross other dark-friends , you can turn against the chosen if you can justify it . 
 selfishness must be preserved . 
 but you can never betray him . 
 you can never betray the order itself to outsiders . 
 but the oaths are specific . 
 very specific . '' 
 she looked up , meeting egwene 's eyes . '' ' 
 i swear not to betray the great lord , to keep my secrets until the hour of my death . ' 
 that was what i promised . 
 do you see ? '' 
 egwene looked down at the steaming cup in verin 's hands . 
 `` poison ? '' 
 `` it takes a very special tea to make asping rot go down sweetly , '' verin said , taking another sip . 
 `` as i said , please thank laras for me . '' 
 egwene closed her eyes . 
 nynaeve had mentioned asping rot to her ; a drop could kill . 
 it was a quick death , peaceful , and often came ... within an hour of ingestion . 
 `` a curious hole in the oaths , '' verin said softly . 
 `` to allow one to effect a betrayal in the final hour of one 's life . 
 i can not help wondering if the great lord knows of it . 
 why would n't he close that hole ? '' 
 `` perhaps he does n't see it as threatening , '' egwene said , opening her eyes . 
 `` after all , what kind of darkfriend would kill themselves in order to advance the greater good ? 
 it does n't seem the kind of thing his followers would consider . '' 
 `` you may be right at that , '' verin said , setting the cup of tea aside . 
 `` it would be wise to make certain that is disposed of with care , child . '' 
 `` so that is it ? '' 
 egwene asked , chilled . 
 `` what of tomas ? '' 
 `` we made our farewells . 
 he is spending his last hour with family . '' 
 egwene shook her head . 
 it seemed such a tragedy . 
 `` you come to me to confess , killing yourself in a final quest for redemption ? '' 
 verin laughed . 
 `` redemption ? 
 i should think that would n't be so easily earned . 
 light knows i 've done enough to require a very special kind of redemption . 
 but it was worth the cost . 
 worth it indeed . 
 or perhaps that is simply what i must tell myself . '' 
 she reached to her side , pulling a leather scrip from beneath the folded blanket at the foot of egwene 's bed . 
 verin carefully undid the straps , then produced two items : two books , both bound in leather . 
 one was larger , like a reference book , though it had no title on its red binding . 
 the other was a thin blue book . 
 the covers of both were a little worn from use . 
 verin handed them to egwene . 
 hesitantly she took them , the larger volume heavy in her right hand , the blue book light in her left hand . 
 she ran a finger over the smooth leather , frowning . 
 she looked up at verin . 
 `` every woman in the brown , '' verin said , `` seeks to produce something lasting . 
 research or study that will be meaningful . 
 others often accuse us of ignoring the world around us . 
 they think we only look backward . 
 well , that is inaccurate . 
 if we are distracted , it is because we look forward , toward those who will come . 
 and the information , the knowledge we gather ... we leave it for them . 
 the other ajahs worry about making today better ; we yearn to make tomorrow better . '' 
 egwene set the blue book aside , looking into the red one first . 
 the words were written in a small , efficient , but cramped hand she recognized as verin 's . 
 none of the sentences made sense . 
 they were gibberish . 
 `` the small book is a key , egwene , '' verin explained . 
 `` it contains the cipher i used to write this tome . 
 that tome is the ... work . 
 my work . 
 the work of my life . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 egwene asked softly , suspecting she might know the answer . 
 `` names , locations , explanations , '' verin said . 
 `` everything i learned about them . 
 about the leaders among the darkfriends , about the black ajah . 
 the prophecies they believe , the goals and motivations of the separate factions . 
 along with a list , at the back , of every black ajah sister i could identify . '' 
 egwene started . 
 `` every one ? '' 
 `` i doubt i caught them all , '' verin said , smiling . 
 `` but i think i got the large majority of them . 
 i promise you , egwene . 
 i can be quite thorough . '' 
 egwene looked down at the books with awe . 
 incredible ! 
 light , but this was a treasure greater than any king 's hoard . 
 a treasure as great as the horn of valere itself . 
 she looked up , tears in her eyes , imagining a life spent among the black , always watching , recording , and working for the good of all . 
 `` oh , do n't go doing that , '' verin said . 
 her face was beginning to look pale . 
 `` they have many agents among us , like worms eating the fruit out from the core . 
 well , i thought it time that we had at least one of us among them . 
 this is worth one woman 's life . 
 few people have had a chance to create something as useful , and as wonderful , as that book you hold . 
 we all seek to change the future , egwene . 
 i think i might just have a chance at doing so . '' 
 verin took a deep breath , then raised a hand to her head . 
 `` my . 
 that does work quickly . 
 there is one more thing i must tell you . 
 open the red book , please . '' 
 egwene did so , and found a thin leather strap with steel weights on the ends , the type used for marking one 's place in a book , though it was longer than others she had seen . 
 `` wrap it around the book , '' verin said , `` place it marking any page , then twist the loose ends around the top . '' 
 egwene did so , curious , tucking the strap into a random page and closing the book . 
 she put the smaller book on top of the larger one , then took the long ends of the bookmark that dangled down and twisted them about one another . 
 the weights , she noticed , fit together . 
 she locked them into place . 
 and the books vanished . 
 egwene stared . 
 she could still feel them in her hands , but the books themselves were invisible . 
 `` only works on books , i 'm afraid , '' verin said , yawning . 
 `` someone from the age of legends , it appears , was very worried about hiding his or her journal from others . '' 
 she smiled slightly , but was growing very pale . 
 `` thank you , verin , '' egwene said , unclasping and unwrapping the bookmark . 
 the volumes appeared again . 
 `` i wish there were some other way ... '' `` i will admit that the poison was a backup plan , '' verin said . 
 `` i am not eager for death ; there are still things i need to do . 
 fortunately , i have set several of them in motion to be ... seen to , in case i do not return . 
 regardless , my first plan was to find the oath rod , then see if i could use it to remove the great lord 's oaths . 
 the oath rod appears to have gone missing , unfortunately . '' 
 saerin , egwene thought , and the others . 
 they must have taken it again . 
 `` i 'm sorry , verin , '' she said . 
 `` it might not have worked anyway , '' verin said , settling back on the bed , arranging the pillow behind her streaked brown hair . 
 `` the process of making those oaths to the great lord was ... distinctive . 
 i do wish i 'd been able to discover one more tidbit for you . 
 one of the chosen is in the tower , child . 
 it 's mesaana , i 'm certain of it . 
 i had hoped to be able to bring you the name she was hiding under , but the two times i met with her , she was shrouded to the point that i could n't tell . 
 what i did see is recorded in the red book . 
 `` be careful where you tread . 
 be careful how you strike . 
 i will leave it to you to decide if you want to try to get all of them at once , or if you want to take the most important ones separately in secret . 
 perhaps you will decide to watch and see if you can counter their plots . 
 a good interrogation might yield light upon some of the questions i was not able to answer . 
 so many decisions you must make , for one so young . '' 
 she yawned , then grimaced as a pain stabbed her . 
 egwene rose , walking to verin 's side . 
 `` thank you , verin . 
 thank you for choosing me to carry this burden . '' 
 verin smiled faintly . 
 `` you did very well with the previous tidbits i gave you . 
 that was quite the interesting situation . 
 the amyrlin commanded that i give you information to hunt the black sisters who fled the tower , so i had to comply , even though the leadership of the black was frustrated by the order . 
 i was n't supposed to give you the dreaming ter ` angreal , you know . 
 but i 've always had a feeling about you . '' 
 `` i 'm not certain i deserve such trust . '' 
 egwene looked down at the book . 
 `` trust such as you 've shown . '' 
 `` nonsense , child , '' verin said , yawning again , eyes closing . 
 `` you will be amyrlin . 
 i 'm confident of it . 
 and an amyrlin should be well armed with knowledge . 
 that , among all things , is the most sacred duty of the brown-to arm the world with knowledge . 
 i 'm still one of them . 
 please see that they know , although the word black may brand my name forever , my soul is brown . 
 tell them . 
 ... '' `` i will , verin , '' egwene promised . 
 `` but your soul is not brown . 
 i can see it . '' 
 her eyes fluttered open , meeting egwene 's , a frown creasing her forehead . 
 `` your soul is of a pure white , verin , '' egwene said softly . 
 `` like the light itself . '' 
 verin smiled , and her eyes closed . 
 the actual death was a few more minutes in coming , but unconsciousness came first and swiftly . 
 egwene sat , holding the woman 's hand . 
 elaida and the hall could see to themselves ; egwene had prepared her seeds well . 
 showing up now and making demands would be to overextend her authority . 
 after verin 's pulse faded , egwene took the cup of poisoned tea and set it aside , then raised the saucer up in front of verin 's nose . 
 the shiny surface reflected no fog . 
 it felt callous to double-check , but there were some poisons which could make one appear to be dead and breathe only very shallowly , and if verin had wanted to trick egwene and point a finger at the wrong sisters , this would have been a wonderful method . 
 callous indeed to double-check , and it made egwene feel sick , but she was amyrlin . 
 she did that which was difficult and considered all possibilities . 
 surely no truly black sister would have been willing to die just to create such misdirection . 
 her heart trusted verin , although her mind wanted to be certain . 
 she glanced toward her simple desk , where she had set the books . 
 at that moment , the door to her room opened without warning and a young aes sedai-new enough to the shawl that her face did n't show the ageless look yet-peeked in . 
 turese , one of the red sisters . 
 so someone had finally been assigned to watch over egwene . 
 her period of freedom had come to an end . 
 well , there was no use crying over what could have been . 
 the time had been well spent . 
 she wished verin had come to see her a week earlier , but what was done was done . 
 the red sister frowned at seeing verin , and egwene quickly raised a finger to her lips and shot the young sister a harsh look . 
 egwene hurried to the door . 
 `` she just got in , and wished to speak to me regarding a task she had set me upon long ago , back before the tower split . 
 they can be oddly single-minded at times , these brown sisters . '' 
 true words , every one of them . 
 turese nodded ruefully at the comment about browns . 
 `` i do wish she 'd chosen her own bed to lie down in , '' egwene said . 
 `` i 'm not sure what to do with her now . '' 
 all true again . 
 egwene really did need to get her hands on that oath rod . 
 lying started to seem far too convenient at times like this . 
 `` she must be tired from her travels , '' turese said , voice soft but firm . 
 `` you let her do as she wishes ; she is aes sedai , and you simply a novice . 
 do not disturb her . '' 
 with that , the red closed the door , and egwene smiled to herself in satisfaction . 
 then she glanced at verin 's corpse , and the smile faded . 
 eventually , she would have to reveal that verin had died . 
 how would she explain that -rcb- well , she would think of something . 
 if pressed , she might just tell the truth . 
 first , though , she needed to spend some time with that book . 
 the chances of it being taken from her in the near future were great , even with the bookmark ter ` angreal . 
 she should probably store the cipher separate from the concealed book . 
 perhaps memorize and destroy the cipher . 
 this would all be easier to plan for if she knew how events had gone in the hall ! 
 had elaida been deposed ? 
 was silviana alive , or had she been executed ? 
 there was little she could discover now , not while being guarded . 
 she would simply have to wait . 
 and read . 
 the code proved to be rather complex , requiring a good part of the smaller book to explain . 
 that was both advantageous and frustrating . 
 it would be very difficult to break the code without it , but the code would also be near impossible to memorize . 
 she would n't be able to manage it before morning , by which time she would have to reveal verin 's true state . 
 she glanced over at the woman . 
 verin really did look as if she were sleeping peacefully . 
 egwene had pulled out the blanket and covered her up to the neck , then taken off her shoes and set them beside the bed to enhance the illusion . 
 feeling a little disrespectful , she decided to roll verin onto her side . 
 the red sister had already peeked in a couple of times , and seeing verin in another position would look less suspicious . 
 that finished , egwene glanced at her candle to judge the passage of time . 
 there were no windows in the room , not in a novice 's quarters . 
 she shoved aside the longing to embrace the power and create a ball of light by which to read . 
 she 'd have to be satisfied with the single candle 's flame . 
 she dug into her first task : deciphering the names of the black sisters listed at the back of the tome . 
 that was more important , even , than memorizing the cipher . 
 she had to know whom she could trust . 
 the next few hours were among the most disturbing and discomforting in her life . 
 some of the names were unknown to her , many barely familiar . 
 others were women she had worked with , respected , and even trusted . 
 she cursed when she found katerine 's name near the head of the list , then hissed in surprise when alviarin 's name came up . 
 she 'd heard of elza penfell and galina casban , though she did n't know some of the next few names . 
 she felt a sickening pit within her when she read sheriam 's name . 
 egwene had once suspected the woman , true , but that had been during her days as a novice and an accepted . 
 during those days-the days when she 'd first begun hunting the black ajah-liandrin 's betrayal had still been fresh . 
 egwene had suspected everyone then . 
 during the exile in salidar , egwene had worked closely with sheriam and had grown to like the woman . 
 but she was black . 
 egwene 's own keeper was black . 
 steel yourself , egwene , she thought , continuing to read down the list . 
 she worked through the feelings of betrayal , the bitterness and the regret . 
 she would not let emotions get in the way of her duty . 
 the black sisters were spread across all ajahs . 
 some were sitters , others were the lowest and least powerful of aes sedai . 
 and there were hundreds of them , a little over two hundred by verin 's own count . 
 twenty-one in the blue , twenty-eight in the brown , thirty in the gray , thirty-eight in the green , seventeen in the white , twenty-one in the yellow , and a stunning forty-eight in the red . 
 there were names of accepted and novices as well . 
 the book noted that those had probably been darkfriends before they joined the white tower , as the black ajah did not recruit from any except aes sedai . 
 it referred her to an earlier page for a longer explanation , but egwene continued down the list of sisters . 
 she needed to know the names of each woman . 
 she needed to . 
 there were black sisters among the rebel aes sedai and those of the white tower , and even some among those unaligned who had been away from the tower during the split . 
 other than sheriam , the most disturbing discovery on the list were the sisters who were sitters in either the tower or among the rebels . 
 duhara basaheen . 
 velina behar . 
 sedore da-jenna . 
 delana mosalaine , of course , and talene minly as well . 
 meidani had admitted to egwene in confidence that talene was the member of the black ajah that saerin and the others had discovered , but she had fled the tower . 
 moria karentanis . 
 that last was a member of the blue ajah , a woman who had worn the shawl for over a hundred years , known for her wisdom and level-headedness . 
 egwene had conferred with her on numerous occasions , and had drawn on her experience , assuming that she-a blue - would be one of the most reliable in her support . 
 moria had been one of those who had been eager to elect egwene as amyrlin , and had stood quickly in egwene 's favor at several crucial moments . 
 each name was like a thorn through egwene 's skin . 
 dagdara finchey , who had healed egwene once when she 'd stumbled and twisted her ankle . 
 zanica , who had taught egwene lessons and had seemed so pleasant . 
 larissa lyndel . 
 miyasi , for whom egwene had cracked nuts . 
 nesita . 
 nacelle kayama . 
 nalaene forrell , who-like elza-was bound to rand . 
 birlen pena . 
 melvara . 
 chai rugan ... . 
 the list went on . 
 neither romanda or lelaine were black , which was somewhat irritating . 
 being able to throw one or both of those into chains would have been very convenient . 
 why sheriam , but neither of those two ? 
 stop it , egwene , she thought . 
 you are n't behaving rationally . 
 wishing for certain sisters to be black got her nowhere . 
 cadsuane was not on the list . 
 neither were any of egwene 's dearest friends . 
 she had n't expected them to be , but it was still good to complete the list without seeing any of their names . 
 the group hunting the black ajah in the white tower really was true , as none of their names were on the list . 
 the list also did n't contain the names of any of the spies sent from salidar . 
 and elaida 's name was n't on the list either . 
 there was a notation at the end , explaining that verin had looked very closely at elaida , searching for proof that she was black . 
 but comments by black sisters led her to believe strongly that elaida was not herself black . 
 just an unstable woman who was sometimes as frustrating to the black as she was to the rest of the tower . 
 it made sense , unfortunately . 
 knowing that galina and alviarin were black had led egwene to suspect that she would n't find elaida 's name on the list . 
 the blacks seemed more likely to choose someone they could manipulate to be amyrlin , then install a black keeper to keep her in line . 
 they probably had used some kind of leverage against elaida through galina-whom verin noted had probably managed to make herself head of the red ajah-or alviarin . 
 they had bullied or bribed elaida to do as they wished without her knowing that she was serving the black . 
 and that helped explain alviarin 's strange fall . 
 had she gone too far , perhaps ? 
 overstepped herself , earning elaida 's ire ? 
 it seemed plausible , though they would n't know for certain until elaida spoke or egwene could have alviarin interrogated . 
 which she meant to do as soon as possible . 
 she closed the fat red book , thoughtful , her candle burned nearly down to the base . 
 it was growing late in the day . 
 perhaps it was time to insist on being given some information about the state of the tower . 
 before she could decide how to go about that , a knock came at the door . 
 egwene looked up , hurriedly twisting the straps of the bookmark around and making both books vanish . 
 a knock meant someone other than a red was there . 
 `` come , '' she called . 
 the door opened to reveal nicola , with her large dark eyes and slender build , standing outside beneath the watchful eye of turese . 
 the red did not seem pleased that egwene had a visitor , but the steaming bowl carried on nicola 's tray indicated why she 'd been given leave to knock . 
 nicola curtsied to egwene , her white novice dress fluttering . 
 turese 's scowl deepened . 
 nicola did n't notice , however . 
 `` for verin sedai , '' she said softly , nodding toward the bed . 
 `` by orders of the mistress of kitchens , after hearing how exhausted verin sedai was from her travels . '' 
 egwene nodded , gesturing toward the table , hiding her excitement . 
 nicola approached quickly , setting the tray on the table , whispering under her breath , `` i 'm to ask if you trust her . '' 
 she glanced at the bed again . 
 `` yes , '' egwene answered , covering the sound by scooting her stool back . 
 so her allies did n't know that verin was dead . 
 that was good ; the secret was still safe , for the moment . 
 nicola nodded , then spoke in a louder voice . 
 `` it would be good for her to eat it when it 's warm , though i 'll leave it to you if you wish not to wake her . 
 i 'm instructed to warn you not to touch it yourself . '' 
 `` i wo n't do so unless it turns out that she has no need of it , '' egwene replied , turning away . 
 a few moments later , the door closed behind nicola . 
 egwene waited a painful few minutes for turese to open the door and check on her , passing the time by washing her face and hands , and putting on a clean dress . 
 finally , confident she would n't be interrupted , she grabbed the spoon and fished in the soup . 
 sure enough , she found a small glass vial with a rolled-up piece of paper in it . 
 clever . 
 her allies had apparently heard of verin 's presence in egwene 's room and decided to use it as an excuse to get someone in . 
 she unrolled the paper , which contained only one word . 
 `` wait . '' 
 she sighed , but there was nothing to do . 
 she did n't dare get out the book and continue reading , however . 
 soon , she heard voices outside , and what sounded like an argument . 
 another knock came at the door . 
 `` come , '' egwene said , curious . 
 the door opened and meidani stepped into the room . 
 she pointedly closed the door on turese . 
 `` mother , '' she said , curtsying . 
 the slender woman was wearing a tight gray dress which pulled a little too obviously across her ample chest . 
 had she been scheduled for a dinner with elaida this evening ? 
 `` i am sorry to keep you waiting . '' 
 egwene waved dismissively . 
 `` how did you get past turese ? '' 
 `` it is known that elaida ... favors me with visits , '' she said . 
 `` and tower law says that no prisoner can be forbidden visitors . 
 she could not stop a sister from wishing to visit a simple novice , though she did try to make a point of arguing it . '' 
 egwene nodded , and meidani glanced at verin , frowning . 
 then she paled . 
 verin 's features had grown waxy and dull , and it was obvious that something was wrong . 
 it was a good thing that turese had never looked closely at the `` sleeping '' woman . 
 `` verin sedai is dead , '' egwene said , glancing at the door . 
 `` mother ? '' 
 meidani asked . 
 `` what happened ? 
 where you attacked ? '' 
 `` verin sedai was poisoned by a darkfriend shortly before her conversation with me . 
 she was aware of the poison , and came to pass on some important information to me during her last moments . '' 
 it was incredible what a few true statements could conceal . 
 `` light ! '' 
 meidani said . 
 `` a murder inside the white tower ? 
 we have to tell someone ! 
 gather the guard and - '' `` it will be dealt with , '' egwene said firmly . 
 `` keep your voice down and pull yourself together . 
 i do n't want the guard outside to hear what we are saying . '' 
 meidani paled , then looked at egwene , likely wondering how she could be so callous . 
 good . 
 let her see the collected , determined amyrlin . 
 as long as she did n't see a hint of the grief , confusion and anxiety inside . 
 `` yes , mother . '' 
 meidani curtsied . 
 `` of course . 
 i apologize . '' 
 `` now , you bring news , i assume ? ' 
 `` yes , mother , '' meidani said , composing herself . 
 `` saerin instructed me to come to you . 
 she said you would need to know of the day 's events . '' 
 `` and i do , '' egwene said , trying not to show her impatience . 
 light , but she 'd already been able to figure out that part . 
 could n't the woman get on with it ? 
 there were black ajah to deal with ! 
 `` elaida is still amyrlin , '' meidani said , `` but only by a hair . 
 the hall of the tower met and censured her formally . 
 they informed elaida that the amyrlin was not an absolute ruler , and that she could n't continue to make decrees and demands without consulting them . '' 
 egwene nodded . 
 `` not an unexpected turn , '' she said . 
 more than one amyrlin had become only a figurehead because she 'd overextended herself in a similar way . 
 it was what elaida had been heading for , and that would have been satisfactory , had these not been the end of days . 
 `` what of penance ? '' 
 `` three months , '' meidani said . 
 `` one for what she did to you . 
 two for behavior unbecoming her station . '' 
 `` interesting , '' egwene said , thoughtful . 
 `` there were some who called for more , mother . 
 it seemed that for a moment she might be deposed right there . '' 
 `` you were watching ? '' 
 egwene asked with surprise . 
 meidani nodded . 
 `` elaida asked for the proceedings to be sealed to the flame , but she gained no support in the move . 
 i think that her own ajah was behind that , mother . 
 all three of the red 's sitters are out of the tower . 
 i still wonder where duhara and the others went . '' 
 duhara . 
 a black . 
 what is she up to ? 
 and the other two ? 
 were the three together , and if so , could the other two be black as well ? 
 she 'd have to address that later . 
 `` how did elaida take all of this ? '' 
 `` she did n't say much , mother , '' meidani said . 
 `` she sat and watched , mostly . 
 she did n't look very pleased ; i was surprised she did n't start ranting . '' 
 `` the reds , '' egwene said . 
 `` if she is really losing support in her own ajah , they 'd have warned her ahead of time not to make more waves . '' 
 `` that was saerin 's assessment as well , '' meidani replied . 
 `` she also noted that your own insistence that the red ajah not be allowed to fall-spread by a group of novices who overheard you-was part of what kept elaida from being deposed . '' 
 `` well , i would n't mind her deposed , '' egwene said . 
 `` i just did n't want the entire ajah disbanded . 
 still , this might be for the best . 
 elaida 's fall has to come in a way that does n't tear the tower down with her . '' 
 though , if egwene could do it again , she might retract those words said earlier . 
 she did n't want anyone to think that egwene had been supporting elaida . 
 `` i assume that silviana 's sentence has been dismissed ? '' 
 `` not completely , mother , '' meidani said . 
 `` she is being held as the hall decides what to do to her . 
 she still defied the amyrlin in a very public way , and there is talk of penance . '' 
 egwene frowned . 
 it smelled of a compromise ; elaida had probably met in closed conference with the head of the red ajah-whoever that was , now that galina had vanished-hashing out the details . 
 silviana would still be punished , although not as strongly , but elaida would submit to the will of the hall . 
 it indicated that elaida was on shaky ground , but that she could still make demands . 
 her support was n't as completely eroded within her own ajah as egwene had hoped . 
 still , this was a fortunate turn of events . 
 silviana would live , and egwene-it appeared-would be allowed to return to her life as a `` novice . '' 
 the sitters were displeased enough with elaida to reprimand her . 
 given just a little more time , egwene was confident she could get the woman overturned and the tower reunited . 
 but dared she spend that time ? 
 she glanced at the table , where the precious books lay hidden from eyes . 
 if she staged a mass assault on the black ajah , would that precipitate a battle ? 
 would she destabilize the tower even further ? 
 and could she realistically hope to strike at all of them like that ? 
 she needed time to consider the information . 
 for now , that meant staying in the tower and working against elaida . 
 and , unfortunately , that meant letting most of the black sisters run free . 
 but not all of them . 
 `` meidani , '' egwene said . 
 `` i want you to report to the others . 
 they must take alviarin into captivity and test her with the oath rod . 
 tell them to take any reasonable risk to achieve it . '' 
 `` alviarin , mother ? '' 
 meidani asked . 
 `` why her ? '' 
 `` she 's black , '' egwene said , stomach turning . 
 `` and near the head of their organization in the tower . 
 this was the information verin died to bring me . '' 
 meidani paled . 
 `` are you certain , mother ? '' 
 `` i 'm confident in verin 's trustworthiness , '' egwene said . 
 `` but it would still be advisable to have others remove , then replace , alviarin 's oaths and ask her if she 's black . 
 every woman should be given that chance to prove herself , no matter the evidence . 
 you have the oath rod , i assume ? '' 
 `` yes , '' meidani said . 
 `` we needed it to prove nicola 's trustworthiness ; the others wanted to bring some accepted and novices in , as they can run messages where sisters can not go . '' 
 it was wise , considering the divisions among the ajahs . 
 `` why her ? '' 
 `` because of how often she speaks to the others about you , mother , '' meidani said . 
 `` it 's well known that she 's one of your greatest advocates among the novices . '' 
 it was odd to hear that of a woman who had effectively betrayed her , but the girl could n't really be blamed for that , all things considered . 
 `` they did n't let her swear all three oaths , of course , '' meidani said . 
 `` she 's not aes sedai . 
 but she did take the oath about lying and proved herself not a darkfriend . 
 they removed the oath after . '' 
 `` and you , meidani ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` have they removed the fourth oath from you ? '' 
 the woman smiled . 
 `` yes , mother . 
 thank you . '' 
 egwene nodded . 
 `` go , then . 
 pass on my message . 
 alviarin must be taken . '' 
 she glanced at verin 's body . 
 `` i 'm afraid i 'll have to ask you to take her with you as well . 
 it will be better if she vanishes , as opposed to my having to explain her death in my room . '' 
 `` but - '' `` use a gateway , '' egwene said . 
 `` skim if you do n't know the area well enough . '' 
 meidani nodded , then embraced the source . 
 `` weave something else , first , '' egwene said thoughtfully . 
 `` it does n't matter what ; something that requires a lot of power . 
 perhaps one of the hundred weaves one takes in the test to become aes sedai . '' 
 meidani frowned , but did as asked , weaving something very complicated and power-intensive . 
 soon after she began , turese poked her head into the room suspiciously . 
 the weave blocked her sight of verin 's face , fortunately , but turese was n't focused on the `` sleeping '' brown . 
 she focused on the weave , opening her mouth . 
 `` she is showing me some of the weaves i will need to know if i take the test to become aes sedai , '' egwene said curtly , cutting off turese 's words . 
 `` is that forbidden ? '' 
 turese glared at her , but pulled the door shut and withdrew . 
 `` that was to prevent her from poking in and seeing the weaves for gateways , '' egwene said . 
 `` quickly now . 
 take the body . 
 when turese looks in again , i will tell her the truth-that you and verin left through a gateway . '' 
 meidani glanced at verin 's corpse . 
 `` but what should we do with the body ? '' 
 `` whatever seems appropriate , '' egwene said , growing testy . 
 `` i 'll leave that to you . 
 i do n't have the time to deal with it now . 
 and take that cup with you ; the tea is poisoned . 
 dispose of it carefully . '' 
 egwene glanced at her flickering candle ; it was burned nearly all the way down to the table itself . 
 to the side , meidani sighed softly , then created a gateway . 
 weaves of air moved verin 's body in through the opening , and egwene watched her go with a pang of regret . 
 the woman had deserved better . 
 someday , it would be known what she had suffered and what she had accomplished . 
 but not for a time yet . 
 once meidani was gone with the corpse and the tea , egwene lit another candle , then lay down on her bed , trying not to think of the body that had occupied it previously . 
 she relaxed herself , thinking of siuan . 
 the woman would be going to sleep soon . 
 she needed to be warned about sheriam and the others . 
 egwene opened her eyes in tel ` aran ` rhiod . 
 she was in her room , or at least the dream version of it . 
 the bed was made , the door closed . 
 she changed her dress to that of a stately green gown fitting an amyrlin , then moved herself to the tower 's spring garden . 
 siuan was n't there yet , but it was probably still a little early for their meeting . 
 here , at least , one could see none of the filth that piled up in the city or the corruption that worked at the roots of ajah unity . 
 the tower gardeners moved like natural forces , planting , cultivating , and harvesting as amyrlins rose and fell . 
 the spring garden was smaller than most of the other tower gardens ; it was a triangular plot of land pressed between two walls . 
 perhaps in another city , this plot would have been used for storage or simply filled in with stone . 
 but in the white tower , both options would have been unsightly . 
 the solution was a small garden full of plants that thrived in the shade . 
 hydrangeas ran up the walls and surged around planters . 
 bleeding hearts sat in rows , with their tiny pink blossoms drooping from delicate three-pronged compound leaves . 
 flowering bristleboughs , with their thin , fingerlike leaves , and other small shade trees ran along the insides of the triangular walls , meeting in a single point . 
 walking up and down the lines of trees as she waited , egwene thought of sheriam being black . 
 how many things had the woman had a hand in ? 
 she 'd been mistress of novices for years during siuan 's tenure as amyrlin . 
 had she used her position to bully , perhaps to turn , other sisters ? 
 had she been behind the attack of the gray man so long ago ? 
 sheriam had been part of the group that healed mat . 
 surely she could have done nothing malicious while in a circle with so many other women - but anything involving the woman was suspect . 
 that was so much ! 
 sheriam had been one of those in charge of salidar before egwene 's rise to power . 
 what had sheriam done , how much manipulation had she exerted then , how much had she betrayed to the shadow ? 
 had she been aware ahead of time of elaida 's plans to depose siuan ? 
 galina and alviarin were black , and they had been two of the main instigators , so it seemed likely other blacks had been warned . 
 were the exodus of half of the tower , the gathering in salidar , and the subsequent waiting and debating all part of the dark one 's plan ? 
 what of egwene 's own rise to power ? 
 how many of the shadow 's strings did she dance on without knowing it ? 
 this is an exercise in futility , she told herself firmly . 
 do n't go down that path . 
 even without verin 's books , egwene had suspected that the breaking of the tower was the dark one 's work . 
 of course he would be pleased that the aes sedai had split in two , rather than unifying behind one leader . 
 it was just more ... personal now . 
 egwene felt dirtied , she felt duped . 
 for a moment , she felt herself to be the country girl many thought her to be . 
 if elaida had been a pawn for the blacks , then so had she . 
 light ! 
 how the dark one must have laughed to see two rival amyrlins , each with one of his loyal minions at her side , pitting them against one another . 
 i ca n't be certain exactly what he wants or why he wants it , verin had said . 
 even after years of study , i ca n't be certain ... . 
 who knew whether the dark one laughed ? 
 she shivered . 
 whatever his plan , she would fight him . 
 resist him . 
 spit in his eye , even if he won , just as the aiel said . 
 `` well , that 's a sight , '' siuan 's voice said . 
 egwene spun , realizing with chagrin that she no longer wore the dress of the amyrlin , but a full suit of armor like a soldier riding to battle . 
 in her hand , she carried a pair of aiel spears . 
 she banished armor and spears with a thought , resuming the dress . 
 `` siuan , '' she said curtly . 
 `` you may want to summon yourself a chair . 
 something has happened . '' 
 siuan frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` first off , sheriam and moria are black ajah . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 siuan said , shocked . 
 `` what nonsense is this ? '' 
 she froze . 
 `` mother , '' she added belatedly . 
 `` it is not nonsense , '' egwene said . 
 `` the truth , i 'm afraid . 
 there are others , but i will have to give you their names later . 
 we ca n't yet take them into custody . 
 i need time to plan and think , an evening perhaps . 
 we will strike soon . 
 but until we do , i want sheriam and moria watched . 
 do n't be alone around them . '' 
 siuan shook her head in disbelief . 
 `` how certain are you about this , egwene ? '' 
 `` certain enough , '' egwene said . 
 `` watch them , siuan , and be thinking of what to do . 
 i 'll want to hear your suggestions . 
 we 'll need a way to take them quietly , then prove to the hall that what we 've done is justified . '' 
 `` this could be dangerous . '' 
 siuan rubbed her chin . 
 `` i hope you know what you are doing , mother . '' 
 she emphasized the last word . 
 `` if i err , '' egwene said , `` then it will be on my head . 
 but i do n't think that i do . 
 as i said , much has changed . '' 
 siuan bowed her head . 
 `` are you still captive ? '' 
 `` not exactly . 
 elaida has - '' egwene hesitated , frowning to herself . 
 something was wrong . 
 `` egwene ? '' 
 siuan asked , anxious . 
 `` i. ... '' egwene began , then shuddered . 
 something was pulling on her mind , clouding it . 
 something was ... pulling her back . 
 tel ` aran ` rhiod winked away and egwene opened her eyes back in her room , an anxious nicola shaking her arm . 
 `` mother , '' she was saying . 
 `` mother ! '' 
 the girl had a bloody gash on her cheek . 
 egwene sat up sharply , and at that moment the entire tower shook as if from an explosion . 
 nicola grabbed her arm , yelping in fright . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 egwene demanded . 
 `` shadowspawn ! '' 
 nicola cried . 
 `` in the air , serpents that throw flame and weaves of the one power ! 
 they 're destroying us ! 
 oh , mother . 
 it 's tarmon gai ` don ! '' 
 egwene felt a moment of primal , nearly uncontrollable panic . 
 tarmon gai ` don ! 
 the last battle ! 
 she heard screams in the distance , followed by the shouts of soldiers or warders . 
 no ... no , she needed to focus ! 
 serpents in the air . 
 serpents that wielded the one power ... or with riders that wielded the one power . 
 egwene threw off the blanket and leaped to her feet . 
 it was n't tarmon gai ` don , but it was nearly as bad . 
 the seanchan had finally attacked the white tower , just as egwene had dreamed . 
 and she could n't channel enough power to light a candle , let alone fight back . 
 chapter 40 the tower shakes siuan awoke with a start . 
 something was wrong . 
 something was very , very wrong . 
 she scrambled off of her pallet . 
 as she did , a dark figure moved suddenly on the other side of the tent , metal rasping against metal . 
 siuan froze , embracing the source reflexively and summoning a globe of light . 
 gareth bryne stood alert , heron-marked steel drawn and ready . 
 he wore only his smallclothes , and she had to keep herself from staring at his muscled body , which was in far better shape than that of most men half his age . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asked tensely . 
 `` light ! '' 
 siuan said . 
 `` you sleep with your sword ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 `` egwene is in danger . '' 
 `` what kind of danger ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she admitted . 
 `` we were meeting and she vanished suddenly . 
 i think ... i think elaida may have decided to execute her . 
 or at least pull her from her cell and ... do something to her . '' 
 bryne did n't ask for details . 
 he simply sheathed his sword , then proceeded to put on a pair of trousers and a shirt . 
 siuan still wore her now-wrinkled blue skirt and blouse-it was her habit to change after her meetings with egwene , once bryne was sound asleep . 
 she felt an anxiety she could n't quite define . 
 why was she so on edge ? 
 it was n't uncommon for something to wake a person while they were dreaming . 
 but most people were n't egwene . 
 she was a master of the world of dreams . 
 if something had awakened her unexpectedly , she would have dealt with it , then returned to calm siuan 's worries . 
 but she had n't , despite siuan 's waiting for what had seemed like an eternity . 
 bryne stepped up to her , now wearing his stiff gray trousers and uniform coat . 
 he 'd buttoned up his high collar , marked with three stars on the left breast and golden epaulets on the shoulders . 
 a frenzied voice called from outside . 
 `` general bryne ! 
 my lord general ! '' 
 bryne glanced at her , then turned toward the tent flaps . 
 `` come ! '' 
 a youthful soldier with neat black hair pushed into the tent and gave a quick salute . 
 he did n't apologize for coming so late-bryne 's men knew that their general trusted them to awake him if there was need . 
 `` my lord , '' the man said . 
 `` scout 's report . 
 something is going on in the city . '' '' 
 ` something , ' tijds ? '' 
 bryne asked . 
 `` the scouts are n't certain , my lord , '' the man said with a grimace . 
 `` with the cloud cover , the night is dark , and the spyglasses are n't much help . 
 there have been bursts of light near the tower , like an illuminator 's show . 
 dark shadows in the air . '' 
 `` shadowspawn ? '' 
 bryne asked , pushing out of the tent . 
 with the globe of light , siuan and the soldier followed . 
 the moon would be barely a sliver , and with those perpetual clouds , it was difficult to see anything at all . 
 the tents of the officers were slumbering banks of black on black around them , and the only really distinguishable lights were the watchfires of the guards at the palisade entrance . 
 `` they could be shadowspawn , my lord , '' the soldier said , trotting after bryne . 
 `` stories tell of creatures of shadow that fly in such a way . 
 but the scouts are n't certain what they 're seeing . 
 the flashes of light are there for sure , though . '' 
 bryne nodded , heading toward the watchfires . 
 `` alert the night guard ; i want them up and armored , just in case . 
 send runners to the city fortifications . 
 and bring me more information ! '' 
 `` yes , my lord . '' 
 the soldier saluted and ran off . 
 bryne glanced at siuan , his face illuminated by the globe of light hovering above her hand . 
 `` shadowspawn would n't dare attack the white tower , '' he said . 
 `` not without a substantial ground assault waiting , and i sincerely doubt that there are a hundred thousand trollocs hiding in what little cover these plains offer . 
 so what in the blazes is going on ? '' 
 `` seanchan , '' siuan said , a pit of ice forming in her stomach . 
 `` fish guts , gareth ! 
 it has to be . 
 egwene predicted it . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 they ride shadowspawn , some of the rumors say . '' 
 `` flying beasts , '' siuan said , `` not shadowspawn . 
 egwene said that they 're called raken . '' 
 he eyed her doubtfully , but said only , `` what would make the seanchan so foolhardy as to attack without a ground assault in tandem ? '' 
 siuan shook her head . 
 she 'd always assumed that a seanchan strike at the white tower would mean a large-scale invasion , and egwene had guessed that the attack was still months off . 
 light ! 
 it looked like egwene could be wrong . 
 bryne turned toward his watchfires , which were blazing higher in the night , tossing light across the front of the palisade . 
 inside the ring of wood , officers were rousing , calling to neighboring tents . 
 lamps and lanterns winked on . 
 `` well , '' gareth said , `` so long as they attack tar valon , they are no problem of ours . 
 we just need to - '' `` i 'm getting her out , '' siuan said suddenly , surprising herself . 
 bryne spun toward siuan , into the light of her globe . 
 his chin was shadowed by evening stubble . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` egwene , '' siuan said . 
 `` we need to go in for her . 
 this will provide a perfect distraction , gareth ! 
 we can go in and grab her before anyone is the wiser . '' 
 he eyed her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you gave your word not to rescue her , siuan . '' 
 light , but it felt nice to hear him use her name ! 
 focus ! 
 she scolded herself . 
 `` that does n't matter now . 
 she 's in danger and needs help . '' 
 `` she does n't want help , '' bryne said sternly . 
 `` we need to make certain our own force is safe . 
 the amyrlin is confident that she can care for herself . '' 
 `` i thought i could care for myself too , '' siuan said . 
 `` and look where it got me . '' 
 she shook her head , glancing toward the distant spire of tar valon . 
 she could just faintly see a burst of light along the spire , illuminating it briefly . 
 `` when egwene speaks of the seanchan , she always shivers . 
 very little upsets her-not the forsaken , not the dragon reborn . 
 gareth , you do n't know what the seanchan do to women who can channel . '' 
 she met his eyes . 
 `` we need to go for her . '' 
 `` i will not be a party to this , '' he said stubbornly . 
 `` fine , '' siuan spat . 
 fool man ! 
 `` go take care of your men . 
 i think i know someone who will help me . '' 
 she stalked away , heading toward a tent just inside the palisade . 
 egwene steadied herself against the wall of the hallway as the entire tower shook again . 
 the very stones quivered . 
 flakes of mortar crumbled down from the ceiling , and a loose tile fell from the wall and shattered into a dozen shards on the floor . 
 nicola screamed , and clutched at egwene . 
 `` the dark one ! '' 
 nicola wailed . 
 `` the last battle ! 
 it 's come ! '' 
 `` nicola ! '' 
 egwene snapped , straightening up . 
 `` control yourself . 
 this is n't the last battle . 
 it 's the seanchan . '' 
 `` seanchan ? '' 
 nicola said . 
 `` but i thought they were just a rumor ! '' 
 fool girl , egwene thought , hurrying down a side hallway . 
 nicola scuttled after her , carrying her lamp . 
 egwene 's memory served her correctly , and the next hallway was at the edge of the tower , giving her a window to the outside . 
 she waved nicola to the side , then risked a glance out into the darkness . 
 sure enough , dark , winged forms flapped in the sky . 
 those were too big to be raken . 
 to ` raken , then . 
 they swooped , weaves spinning around many of them , glowing and vibrant to egwene 's eyes . 
 blasts of fire sprang into existence , lighting pairs of women riding on the backs of the to ` raken . 
 damane and sul ` dam . 
 portions of the tower 's wings below were alight with flames , and to her horror , egwene saw several gaping holes directly in the sides of the tower . 
 to ` raken clutched the side of the tower , climbing up like bats clinging to a wall , unloading soldiers and damane into the building . 
 as egwene watched , a to ` raken leapt free of the side of the tower , the height allowing it to forgo its normal running start . 
 the creature was n't as graceful as one of the smaller raken , but its handler did a masterful job of directing it back into the air . 
 the creature flew right by egwene 's window , the wind of its passing blowing back her hair . 
 egwene faintly heard screaming as the to ` raken swept past . 
 terrified screaming . 
 it was n't a full-scale attack-it was a raid ! 
 a raid to capture marath ` damane \ egwene pulled to the side as a blast of fire shot by the window and hit the wall a short distance away . 
 she could hear rock crumble , and the tower shook violently . 
 dust and smoke exploded down a side passage off the hallway . 
 soldiers would soon follow . 
 soldiers and sul ` dam . 
 with those leashes . 
 egwene shuddered , wrapping her arms around herself . 
 the cool , seamless metal . 
 the nausea , the degradation , the panic , despair , and - shamefully-guilt at not serving her mistress to the best of her abilities . 
 she remembered the haunted look of an aes sedai as she was broken . 
 most of all , she remembered her own terror . 
 the terror of realizing that she would be like the others , eventually . 
 just another slave , happy to serve . 
 the tower shook . 
 fire flashed in the distant hallways accompanied by shouts and wails of despair . 
 she could smell smoke . 
 oh , light ! 
 could this really be ? 
 she would n't go back . 
 she would n't let them leash her again . 
 she had to run ! 
 she had to hide , flee , escape ... no ! 
 she pushed herself upright . 
 no , she would not flee . 
 she was amyrlin . 
 nicola huddled beside the wall , whimpering . 
 `` they 're coming for us , '' the girl whispered . 
 `` oh light , they 're coming ! '' 
 `` let them come ! '' 
 egwene roared , opening herself to the source . 
 blessedly , enough time had passed to dull the forkroot slightly , and she was able to grab a faint trickle of the power . 
 it was tiny , perhaps the least amount of the power she 'd ever channeled . 
 she would n't be able to weave a tongue of air to shift a piece of paper . 
 but it would be enough . 
 it had to be . 
 `` we will fight ! '' 
 nicola just sniffed , looking up at her . 
 `` you can barely channel , mother ! '' 
 she wailed . 
 `` i can see it . 
 we ca n't fight them ! '' 
 `` we can and will , '' egwene said firmly . 
 `` stand , nicola ! 
 you 're an initiate of the tower , not a frightened milkmaid . '' 
 the girl looked up . 
 `` i will protect you , '' egwene said . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 the girl seemed to take heart , rising . 
 egwene glanced toward the distant hallway where the blast had hit . 
 it was dark , the wall lamps unlit , but she thought she spotted shadows . 
 they 'd be coming , and they 'd be leashing any women they found . 
 egwene turned in the other direction . 
 she could still faintly hear screams that way . 
 they were the ones she 'd heard just after she 'd awakened . 
 she did n't know where the guard at her door had gone , and did n't really care . 
 `` come , '' she said , striding forward , holding to her tiny bit of the power like a drowning woman clinging to a rescue rope . 
 nicola followed , still sniffling , but she followed . 
 several moments later , egwene discovered what she 'd hoped to find . 
 the hallway was filled with girls , some in their white dresses , others wearing their shifts . 
 the novices clumped together , many of them screaming at each blast that shook the tower . 
 likely , they wished that they were down below , where the novices ' quarters had once been . 
 `` the amyrlin ! '' 
 several exclaimed as egwene entered the hallway . 
 they were a sorry bunch , lit by candles in terrified hands . 
 their questions sprouted like rotwood mushrooms in the spring . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 `` are we under attack ? '' 
 `` is it the dark one ? '' 
 egwene raised her hands , and the girls fell mercifully silent . 
 `` the tower is under attack from the seanchan , '' she said in a calm voice . 
 `` they have come to capture women who can channel ; they have ways of forcing those women to serve them . 
 it is not the last battle , but we are in grave danger . 
 i do n't intend to let them take a single one of you . 
 you are mine . '' 
 the hallway grew still . 
 girls glanced at her , hopeful , nervous . 
 there were a good fifty of them , perhaps more . 
 they would have to do . 
 `` nicola , jasmen , yeteri , inala , '' egwene said , naming off some of the more powerful of the novices . 
 `` come forward . 
 the rest of you pay close attention . 
 i 'm going to teach you something . '' 
 `` what , mother ? '' 
 one of the girls asked . 
 this had better work , egwene thought . 
 `` i 'm going to teach you how to link . '' 
 there were gasps . 
 this was n't a thing taught to novices , but egwene would see that sul ` dam did not find easy pickings in the novices ' quarters ! 
 teaching the method took a worrisome length of time , each moment torn by more blasts and more screams . 
 the novices were frightened , and that made it difficult for some of them to embrace the source , let alone learn a new technique . 
 what had taken egwene only a few tries to master took the novices a heart-pounding five minutes to begin . 
 nicola was a help-she had been taught to link back in salidar-and could help demonstrating . 
 as they practiced , egwene had nicola join a circle with her . 
 the young novice opened herself up to the source , but stayed just on the cusp of surrender and let egwene pull power through her . 
 it worked , bless the light ! 
 egwene felt a rush of exhilaration as the one power-too long denied her in meaningful quantities-flooded into her . 
 how sweet it was ! 
 the world was more vibrant around her , sounds more sweet , colors more beautiful . 
 she smiled at the thrill of it . 
 she could feel nicola , sense her fear , her emotions bubbling over . 
 egwene had been part of enough circles to know how to separate herself from nicola , but egwene remembered that first time , how she had felt swept up into something far larger than herself . 
 there was a special skill to opening oneself to a circle . 
 it was n't terribly difficult to learn , but they did n't have much time . 
 fortunately , some of the girls soon picked it up . 
 yeteri , a petite blonde still in her nightgown , was first . 
 inala , a coppery and lanky domani , followed soon after . 
 egwene eagerly formed a circle with nicola , and the two other novices . 
 power flooded into her . 
 next , she set about getting the others to practice . 
 she had some inkling , from discussions with the novices during her stay in the tower , which among them were the most skilled with weaves and the most levelheaded . 
 those were n't always the most powerful , but that would n't matter if they had a circle backing them up . 
 egwene hurriedly set them into groups , explaining how to accept the source through a link . 
 hopefully , at least some of them would figure it out . 
 what mattered was that egwene now had the power . 
 a fair measure of it , almost as much as she was accustomed to without forkroot . 
 she smiled in anticipation , then began a weave , the complexity of it awing several of the novices . 
 `` what you are seeing , '' egwene warned , `` is something that you are not to try , even those of you leading circles . 
 it is far too difficult and dangerous . '' 
 a line of light split the air at the end of the hallway , rotating upon itself . 
 she hoped that the gateway would open in the right location ; she was going on siuan 's instructions , which had been somewhat vague , though she also had elayne 's original description of the place . 
 `` also , '' egwene said to the novices in a stern voice , `` you are not to repeat this weave for anyone without my express permission , not even other aes sedai . '' 
 she doubted that would be an issue ; the weave was complex and few novices would have the skill yet to repeat it . 
 `` mother ? '' 
 a hawk-nosed girl named tamala squeaked . 
 `` are you escaping ? '' 
 her voice was edged with fear , and not a little hope , as if egwene might take her , too . 
 `` no , '' egwene said firmly . 
 `` i 'll return in just a moment . 
 when i come back , i want at least five good circles formed ! '' 
 and with nicola and her two other attendants in tow , egwene stepped through the gateway into a dark room . 
 she wove a globe of light , and the illumination revealed a storeroom with shelves lining the walls . 
 she let out a relieved sigh . 
 she 'd gotten the location right . 
 those shelves , along with two short rows of shelves out on the floor , were filled with items of curious design . 
 crystal globes , small exotic statues , here a glass pendant which reflected blue in the light , there a large set of metal gauntlets lined at the cuffs with firedrops . 
 egwene strode into the room , leaving the three novices to stare in wonder . 
 they could likely sense what egwene knew-these were objects of the one power . 
 ter ` angreal , angreal , sa'angreal . 
 relics of the age of legends . 
 egwene scanned the shelves . 
 items of the power were infamously dangerous to use if you did n't know exactly what they did . 
 any one of these items could kill her . 
 if only ... . 
 she smiled broadly , stepping up to a shelf and sliding a fluted white wand as long as her forearm off the top shelf . 
 she 'd found it ! 
 she held it reverently for a moment , then reached and pulled the one power through it . 
 an awesome , almost overpowering , torrent of power flooded through her . 
 yeteri gasped audibly at sensing it . 
 few women had ever held such power . 
 it surged into egwene , like a deep breath drawn in . 
 it made her long to roar . 
 she looked at the three novices , smiling broadly . 
 `` now we 're ready , '' she announced . 
 let the sul ` dam try and shield her while she was wielding one of the most powerful sa'angreal that the aes sedai possessed . 
 the white tower would not fall while she was amyrlin ! 
 not without a fight to rival the last battle itself . 
 siuan found gawyn 's tent illuminated , shadows playing on the walls as the man moved about inside . 
 his tent was suspiciously close to the guard post ; he was allowed to stay within the palisade , perhaps so that bryne - and the watching guards-could keep an eye on him . 
 bryne , being the stubborn devilfish he was , had not gone to his guard post as she 'd instructed . 
 he 'd followed behind her , cursing and calling for his attendants to come find him , rather than meet him at the post . 
 even as she stopped at young gawyn 's tent , bryne stepped up beside her , hand resting on the hilt of his sword . 
 he eyed her with dissatisfaction . 
 well . 
 she would n't let him be the judge of her honor ! 
 she would do what she pleased . 
 although it was likely to make egwene very , very annoyed with her . 
 she 'll be thankful in the end , siuan thought . 
 `` gawyn ! '' 
 she barked . 
 the handsome youth burst out of his tent , hopping as he stomped on his left boot . 
 he had his sheathed sword in hand , sword belt half on around his waist . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked , scanning the camp . 
 `` i heard shouts . 
 are we being attacked ? '' 
 `` no , '' siuan said , glancing at bryne . 
 `` but tar valon might be . '' 
 `` egwene ! '' 
 gawyn cried , hurriedly doing the last loops on his belt . 
 light , but the boy was single-minded . 
 `` boy , '' siuan said , folding her arms . 
 `` i owe you a debt for getting me out of tar valon . 
 will you take my help getting you in to tar valon as repayment ? '' 
 `` gladly ! '' 
 gawyn said eagerly , sliding his sword in place . 
 `` repayment and then some ! '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` go get us some horses , then . 
 it might just be the two of us . '' 
 `` i 'll risk it , '' gawyn said . 
 `` finally ! '' 
 `` you wo n't be taking my horses for this fool 's errand , '' bryne said sternly . 
 `` there are mounts in his stables owned by the aes sedai , gawyn , '' siuan said , ignoring bryne . 
 `` get one of them for me . 
 a mild one , mind you . 
 very , very mild . '' 
 gawyn nodded and ran away into the night . 
 siuan followed him at a more careful pace , plotting . 
 this would all be so much easier if she could create a gateway , but she did n't have enough strength in the power for that . 
 she had before her stilling , but wishing for things to be different was about as useful as wishing the silverpike you 'd caught was a fangfish instead . 
 you sold what you had and were happy for any kind of catch at all . 
 `` siuan , '' bryne said softly , walking beside her . 
 could n't he just let her be ! 
 `` listen to me . 
 this is insanity ! 
 how are you going to get in ? '' 
 siuan glanced at him . 
 `` shemerin got out . '' 
 `` that was before there was a siege , siuan . '' 
 bryne sounded exasperated . 
 `` the place is much tighter now . '' 
 siuan shook her head . 
 `` shemerin was being watched closely . 
 she got out through a watergate ; it 's unwatched i 'll bet , even now . 
 i 'd never heard of it , and i was amyrlin . 
 i have a map to its location . '' 
 bryne hesitated . 
 then his face hardened . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 the two of you still have no chance on your own . '' 
 `` then come with us , '' siuan said . 
 `` i will not be party to you breaking your oath again . '' 
 `` egwene said we could do something if it looked like she was in danger of execution , '' siuan said . 
 `` she told me she 'd let us rescue her then ! 
 well , the way she vanished from the meeting with me tonight , i 'm inclined to think she 's in danger . '' 
 `` it is n't elaida who put her there , but the seanchan ! '' 
 `` we do n't know for certain . '' 
 `` ignorance is not an excuse , '' bryne said sternly , stepping closer to her . 
 `` you have made oathbreaking far too convenient , siuan , and i do n't want it to become a habit for you . 
 aes sedai or not , former amyrlin or not , people must have rules and boundaries . 
 to say nothing of the fact that you 're likely to get yourself killed attempting this ! '' 
 `` and will you stop me ? '' 
 she was still holding the source . 
 `` do you think you could manage it ? '' 
 he ground his teeth . 
 but he said nothing . 
 siuan turned and walked away from him , straight toward the fires at the palisade gate . 
 `` blasted woman , '' bryne said from behind . 
 `` you 'll be the death of me . '' 
 she turned , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` i 'll come , '' he said , hand gripping the hilt of his sheathed sword . 
 he cut an imposing figure in the night , the straight lines of his coat matching the set cast of his face . 
 `` but there are two conditions . '' 
 `` name them , '' she said . 
 `` the first is that you bond me as your warder . '' 
 siuan started . 
 he wanted ... . 
 light ! 
 bryne wanted to be her warder ? 
 she felt a surge of excitement . 
 but she had n't considered taking a warder , not since alric 's death . 
 losing him had been a terrible experience . 
 did she want to risk that again ? 
 did she dare pass the opportunity to have this man bonded to her , to feel his emotions , have him by her side ? 
 after all that she had dreamed and all that she had wished ? 
 feeling reverent , she stepped back up to bryne , then laid a hand against his chest and wove the required weaves of spirit and laid them over him . 
 he breathed in sharply as new awareness blossomed inside of both of them , a new connection . 
 she could feel his emotions , could sense his concern for her , which was shockingly powerful . 
 it was ahead of his worry for egwene and concern for his soldiers ! 
 oh , gareth , she thought , feeling herself smile at the sweetness of his love for her . 
 `` i always wondered what that would feel like , '' bryne said , raising his hand and making a fist a few times in the torchlight . 
 he sounded amazed . 
 `` would that i could give this to each man in my army ! '' 
 siuan sniffed . 
 `` i highly doubt that their wives and families would approve of that . '' 
 `` they would if it kept the soldiers alive , '' bryne said . 
 `` i could run a thousand leagues and never want for breath . 
 i could stand against a hundred foes at once and laugh at them all . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 men ! 
 she had given him a deeply personal and emotional connection to another person-the likes of which even husbands and wives would never know-and all he could think about was how much better he might have become at swordplay ! 
 `` siuan ! '' 
 a voice called . 
 `` siuan sanche ! '' 
 she turned . 
 gawyn , riding a black gelding , approached . 
 another horse trotted behind him-a shaggy brown mare . 
 `` bela ! '' 
 siuan exclaimed . 
 `` is she suitable ? '' 
 gawyn said , sounding slightly out of breath . 
 `` bela was once egwene 's horse , i recall , and the stablemaster said she was the most placid he had . '' 
 `` she 'll do just fine , '' siuan said , turning back to bryne . 
 `` you said you had two requirements ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you the second at a later time . '' 
 bryne still sounded a little breathless . 
 `` that 's rather ambiguous . '' 
 siuan folded her arms . 
 `` i do n't like giving an open promise . '' 
 `` well , you 'll have to do it anyway , '' bryne said , meeting her eyes . 
 `` fine , but it had better not be indecent , gareth bryne . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's odd , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` i can sense your emotions now . 
 for instance i could tell ... . '' 
 he cut off , and she could sense him growing just faintly embarrassed . 
 he can tell that i half want him to demand something indecent of me ! 
 siuan realized , aghast . 
 bloody ashes ! 
 she felt herself blushing . 
 this was going to be very inconvenient . 
 `` oh , for the blessed light . 
 ... i agree to your terms , you lout . 
 get moving ! 
 we have to go . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` let me prepare my captains to take charge in case the fight spills out of the city . 
 i 'll bring a guard of my best hundred with us . 
 that should be small enough to get in , assuming this gate really is passable . '' 
 `` it will be , '' she said . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he actually saluted her , his face straight , but she could sense his inward grin-and he likely knew it . 
 insufferable man ! 
 she turned to gawyn , who sat his gelding , looking confused . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 gawyn asked . 
 `` we do n't have to go in alone . '' 
 siuan took a deep breath , then steeled herself as she climbed up into bela 's saddle . 
 horses could n't be trusted , not even bela , though she was better than most . 
 `` that means our chances of surviving long enough to take egwene just improved . 
 which is fortunate , since after what we 're about to do , she 'll undoubtedly want the privilege of killing us personally . '' 
 adelorna bastine ran through the hallways of the white tower . 
 for once , she rued the enhanced senses that holding the power offered . 
 scents seemed more crisp to her , but all she could smell were burning wood and dying flesh . 
 colors were more vibrant , and all she could see were the ashen scars of broken stone where lashes or balls of flame had fallen . 
 sounds were more crisp , but all she heard were screams , curses , and the raucous calls of those horrible beasts in the air . 
 she scrambled down a darkened hallway , her breath coming in gasps , until she reached an intersection . 
 she pulled to a stop , putting a hand to her breast . 
 she had to find resistance . 
 light , they could n't all have fallen , could they ? 
 a pocket of greens had stood with her and fought . 
 she had seen josaine die as a weave of earth had destroyed the wall beside her and had seen marthera captured with some kind of metal leash around her neck . 
 adelorna did n't know where her warders were . 
 one was wounded . 
 another lived . 
 the last ... the last she did n't want to think about . 
 light send that she could at least reach the wounded talric soon . 
 she pulled herself to her feet , wiping blood from her forehead where a chip of stone had grazed her . 
 there were just so many of the invaders , with their strange helmets and women used as weapons . 
 and they were so skilled with those deadly weaves ! 
 adelorna felt ashamed . 
 the battle ajah indeed ! 
 the greens with her had stood only minutes before being defeated . 
 breathing heavily , she continued down the hallway . 
 she stayed away from the outer edge of the tower , where the invaders were most likely to be found . 
 had she lost the ones who had been chasing her ? 
 where was she ? 
 the twenty-second level ? 
 she 'd lost count of the stairwells she 'd fled through . 
 she froze ; she sensed channeling coming from her right . 
 that could mean invaders , or it could mean sisters . 
 she hesitated , but gritted her teeth . 
 she was the captain-general of the green ajah ! 
 she could n't just run and hide . 
 torchlight sprang from the hallway in question , light accompanied by ominous shadows of men with strange armor . 
 a squad of invaders burst around the corner , and they had a pair of women with them , the ones connected by a leash . 
 adelorna yelped despite herself , dashing away as fast as her feet could carry her . 
 she felt a shield push at her , but she held to saidar too firmly , and it did n't get into place before she rounded a corner . 
 she continued to flee , gasping , dazed . 
 she rounded another corner and nearly stumbled out of a rift in the side of the tower . 
 she teetered on the exposed ledge , looking out upon a sky filled with terrible monsters and lines of fire . 
 she stumbled back with a cry , turning away from the hole . 
 there was rubble to her right . 
 she scrambled over the rocks . 
 the hallway continued there ! 
 she had to - a shield shoved between her and the source , this time locking into place . 
 she gasped , stumbling to the ground . 
 she would n't be caught ! 
 she could n't be caught ! 
 not that ! 
 she tried to continue forward , but a flow of air tightened around her ankle and dragged her back across the broken-tiled floor . 
 no ! 
 she was pulled directly up to the squad of soldiers , now accompanied by two sets of women connected by the leashes . 
 in each pair there was a woman wearing a gray dress and another in red and blue , with the lightning-bolt pattern . 
 another woman approached , wearing the red and blue . 
 she held something silvery in her hands . 
 adelorna screamed in denial , pushing at the shield . 
 the third woman calmly knelt and snapped a silver collar on adelorna 's neck . 
 this was n't happening . 
 it could n't be happening . 
 `` ah , very nice , '' the third woman said in a slow drawl . 
 `` my name is gregana , and you shall be sivi . 
 sivi will be a good damane . 
 i can see it . 
 i have waited long for this moment , sivi . '' 
 `` no , '' adelorna whispered . 
 `` yes . '' 
 gregana smiled deeply . 
 then , shockingly , the collar undipped from adelorna 's neck and fell to the floor . 
 gregana looked stunned for a moment before she was consumed in a blast of fire . 
 adelorna 's eyes opened wide , and she shied away from the sudden heat . 
 a corpse in a blackened red and blue dress crumbled to the ground before her , smoking and reeking of burned flesh . 
 it was then that adelorna became aware of an extremely powerful source of channeling coming from behind . 
 the invaders screamed , the women in gray weaving shields . 
 that proved to be the wrong choice , as both women 's leashes unlocked , twisting lines of air unclasping them with dexterous speed . 
 just a heartbeat after that , one of the women in red and blue disappeared in a flash of lightning while the other was set upon by tongues of flame , like striking serpents . 
 she screamed as she died , and a soldier shouted . 
 it must have been the command to fall back , for the soldiers fled , leaving two frightened women who had been unleashed by the tongues of air . 
 adelorna turned hesitantly . 
 a woman in white stood atop the rubble a short distance away , a massive halo of power surrounding her , her arm outstretched toward the fleeing soldiers , her eyes intense . 
 the woman stood like vengeance itself , the power of saidar like a storm around her . 
 the very air seemed alight , and her brown hair blew from the wind of the open gap in the wall beside them . 
 egwene al ` vere . 
 `` quickly , '' egwene said . 
 a group of novices scrambled over the rubble and came to adelorna 's side , helping her to her feet . 
 she stood , amazed . 
 she was free ! 
 several other novices hurried to grab the two unleashed women in gray-who , oddly , just kept kneeling in the hallway . 
 they could channel ; adelorna could feel it . 
 why did n't they strike back ? 
 instead , they seemed to be weeping . 
 `` put them with the others , '' egwene said , striding over the rubble and glancing out the broken hallway gap . 
 `` i want - '' egwene froze , then raised her hands . 
 suddenly , more weaves sprang up around egwene . 
 light ! 
 was that vora 's sa'angreal she carried in her hand , the white fluted wand ? 
 where had egwene gotten that ? 
 blasts of lighting flew from egwene 's open hand , flashing through the opening in the wall , and something screeched and fell outside . 
 adelorna stepped up to egwene , embracing the source , feeling a fool for having been captured . 
 egwene struck again , and another of those flying monsters fell . 
 `` what if they 're carrying captives ? '' 
 adelorna asked , watching one of the beasts fall amid egwene 's flames . 
 `` then those captives are better dead , '' egwene said , turning to her . 
 `` trust me . 
 i know this . '' 
 she turned to the others . 
 `` back from the hole , everyone . 
 those blasts may have drawn attention . 
 `` shanal and clara , watch this hole from a safe distance . 
 run to us if any to ` raken land here . 
 do not attack them . '' 
 two girls nodded , taking up positions by the rubble . 
 the other novices hurried away , chivvying the two strange invader women along with them . 
 egwene marched down the hallway behind them , like a general at the battle lines . 
 and perhaps she was . 
 adelorna hastened to join her . 
 `` well , '' she said . 
 `` you have done nicely to organize , egwene , though it 's good that an aes - '' egwene froze . 
 those eyes were so calm , so in control . 
 `` i am in command until this threat passes . 
 you will call me mother . 
 give me penance later if you must , but for now my authority must be unquestioned . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 `` yes , mother , '' adelorna found herself saying , shocked . 
 `` good . 
 where are your warders ? '' 
 `` one wounded , '' adelorna said . 
 `` one safe , with the other . 
 one dead . '' 
 `` light , woman , and you 're still standing ? '' 
 adelorna straightened her back . 
 `` what other choice do i have ? '' 
 egwene nodded . 
 why did her look of respect make adelorna swell with pride ? 
 `` well , i 'm glad to have you , '' egwene said , resuming her walk . 
 `` we 've only rescued six other aes sedai , none of them green , and we 're having trouble keeping the seanchan bottled at the eastern stairwells . 
 i 'll have one of the novices show you how to unlock the bracelets ; but do n't take any risks . 
 generally , it 's easier-and much safer-to kill the damane . 
 how familiar are you with the tower 's angreal storerooms ? '' 
 `` very , '' adelorna said . 
 `` excellent , '' egwene said , absently weaving as complex a weave as adelorna had ever seen . 
 a line of light broke the air , then rotated around itself , creating a hole into blackness . 
 `` lucain , run and tell the others to hold . 
 i 'll be bringing more angreal soon . '' 
 a brunette novice bobbed her head and rushed away . 
 adelorna was still staring at that hole . 
 `` traveling , '' she said flatly . 
 `` you really have rediscovered it . 
 i thought the reports wishful rumors . '' 
 egwene looked at her . 
 `` i 'd have never shown you this , save that i just had a report that elaida has been spreading knowledge of this weave . 
 knowledge of traveling has been compromised . 
 that means the sean-chan are likely to have it by now , assuming they 've taken any women elaida taught . '' 
 `` mother 's milk in a cup ! '' 
 `` indeed , '' egwene said , eyes like ice . 
 `` we need to stop them and destroy any to ` raken we see , with captives or not . 
 if there 's any chance of stopping them from returning to ebou dar with someone who can travel , we must take it . '' 
 adelorna nodded . 
 `` come , '' egwene said . 
 `` i need to know what items in this storeroom are angreal . '' 
 she stepped through the hole . 
 adelorna stood , stunned , still thinking over what she 'd been told . 
 `` you could have run , '' she said . 
 `` you could have fled at any time . '' 
 egwene turned back to her , looking through the portal . 
 `` fled ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` if i left , it would n't have been fleeing you , adelorna , it would have been abandoning you . 
 i am the amyrlin seat . 
 my place is here . 
 i 'm certain you 've heard that i dreamed this very attack . '' 
 adelorna felt a chill . 
 she had indeed . 
 `` come , '' egwene repeated . 
 `` we must be quick . 
 this is just a raid ; they 'll want to grab as many channelers as possible and be off with them . 
 i intend to see that they lose more damane than they gain aes sedai . '' 
 chapter 41 a fount of power well , tie a kerchief on my face and call me aiel , ' said one of bryne 's soldiers , kneeling beside the general at the prow of their narrow boat . 
 `` it really is there . '' 
 gawyn squatted at the prow of his own boat , the dark waters rippling and lapping at the sides of the vessel . 
 they 'd needed thirteen boats to carry them all , and had set into the river quietly and easily-at least , they had once siuan sanche had finished her inspection of the boats and decided they were riverworthy . 
 barely . 
 each vessel carried a single , shielded lantern . 
 gawyn could barely make out the other boats sliding over the ebony water , the soldiers rowing them in near silence as they pulled up beside the stonework embankment on tar valon 's southwestern side . 
 the flashes of light in the sky were distracting , and gawyn kept finding himself glancing up , to see serpentine beasts illuminated briefly by cold white lightning or blazing crimson fire . 
 the white tower itself seemed to burn . 
 it lit a daunting profile in the sky , all white and red , outlined by flames . 
 smoke boiled toward the midnight clouds above , fires blazed inside many tower windows , and a glare at the base indicated that outlying buildings and trees were also alight . 
 the soldiers shipped oars as gawyn 's boat gracefully slid up beside that of bryne , passing under the lip of ancient stonework where rock overhung the river . 
 that blocked gawyn 's view of the furious battle-though he could still hear the rumblings and pops , and an occasional spray of broken stone falling to the cobbles , sounding like distant rain . 
 gawyn raised his lantern , risking just a sliver of light from the shield . 
 with that illumination , he could make out what bryne 's soldier had seen . 
 tar valon 's island was rimmed by ogier-made bulwarks , part of the original city design ; they kept the island from eroding . 
 like most ogier work , the bulwarks were beautiful . 
 here , the stone delicately arched outward from the island five or six feet above the water , forming a lip that looked like the white tip of a crashing wave . 
 in the soft light of gawyn 's lantern , the undersides of those stones were so realistic , so delicate , that it was difficult to tell where stone ended and river began . 
 one of those stone ripples hid a cleft , almost impossible to spot even from this close at hand . 
 bryne 's soldiers were steering his boat into the narrow rift , which was enclosed on both sides and top by stone . 
 siuan 's boat went next , and gawyn waved for his rowers to go after her . 
 the rift turned into a very narrow tunnel , and gawyn unshielded his lantern further , as bryne and siuan had done ahead . 
 the lichen-covered stones were ribboned on the sides by dark watermarks . 
 in many years , this passage would have been completely under water . 
 `` it was probably designed for workers , '' bryne said from up ahead , his soft voice echoing in the damp tunnel . 
 even the movements of the oars in the water were amplified , as were distant drips and lappings of the river . 
 `` to go out and maintain the stonework . '' 
 `` i do n't care why they built it , '' siuan said . 
 `` i 'm just glad it 's here . 
 and mortified i did n't know about it earlier . 
 one of the strengths of tar valon has always been that the bridges make it secure . 
 you can keep track of who goes in and who goes out . '' 
 bryne snorted softly , the sound echoing down the tunnel . 
 `` you can never control everything in a city this size , siuan . 
 those bridges , in a way , they give you a false sense of control . 
 sure , for an invading army , this city is impenetrable-but a place like this , tighter than a tick , can still have a dozen holes big enough for fleas to slip through . '' 
 siuan fell silent . 
 gawyn calmed himself , breathing steadily . 
 at least he was finally doing something to help egwene . 
 it had taken far longer than he 'd wanted . 
 light send that he was coming soon enough ! 
 the tunnel trembled from a distant explosion . 
 gawyn glanced over his shoulder at the other ten boats , packed with apprehensive soldiers . 
 they were gliding directly into a war zone where both sides were stronger than they were , both sides had little reason to like them , and both sides were wielding the one power . 
 it took a special kind of man to stare those odds in the eyes . 
 `` here , '' bryne said , silhouetted against the light . 
 he raised a hand and halted the line of boats . 
 the tunnel had opened up to the right , where a ledge of stone-a landing with a set of stairs-waited . 
 the watery tunnel itself continued on . 
 bryne stood , bending over , and stepped out onto the ledge , mooring his boat to a cleat . 
 the soldiers in his boat followed , each carrying a small brown package . 
 what were they ? 
 gawyn had n't noticed them loading the packages on the boats . 
 when the final soldier in that boat stepped out , he pushed the vessel forward and handed its tow rope to a soldier in siuan 's boat . 
 as the line continued forward , they tied each boat to the one ahead of it . 
 the last man would secure his boat to the docking pillar , and it would hold them all in place . 
 gawyn stepped onto the stone ledge when his turn came and he trotted up the steps , which opened into the floor of a small alley . 
 this entrance had probably long since been forgotten by all save the few beggars who used it for shelter . 
 several of the soldiers were tying up a small group of such men at the back of the alleyway . 
 gawyn grimaced , but said nothing . 
 more often than not , beggars would sell secrets to any who cared to listen , and news of a hundred soldiers sneaking into the city would be worth good coin from the tower guard . 
 bryne stood with siuan at the mouth of the alleyway , checking the street outside . 
 gawyn joined them , hand on his sword . 
 the streets were empty . 
 the people no doubt hid in their homes , likely praying that the raid would soon pass . 
 the soldiers gathered in the alley . 
 bryne quietly ordered a squad of ten to guard the boats . 
 then the rest opened the soft-looking brown packages that gawyn had noticed earlier and removed folded white tabards . 
 they pulled these over their heads , tying them at the waist . 
 each was marked with the flame of tar valon . 
 gawyn whistled softly , though siuan stood with arms akimbo , looking indignant . 
 `` where did you get those ? '' 
 `` i had the women in the outer camp make them , '' bryne said . 
 `` it 's always a good idea to have a few copies of your enemy 's uniform . '' 
 `` it 's not proper , '' siuan said , folding her arms . 
 `` serving on the tower guard is a sacred duty . 
 they - '' `` they 're your enemy , siuan , '' bryne said sternly . 
 `` for now , at least . 
 you 're not amyrlin anymore . '' 
 she eyed him , but held her tongue . 
 bryne looked over the soldiers , then nodded in approval . 
 `` this wo n't fool anyone up close , but from a distance , it will serve . 
 out onto the streets and fall into ranks . 
 hustle toward the tower , as if you 're rushing to help with the battle . 
 siuan , a globe of light or two would help with the disguise-if those who see us also see an aes sedai at our head , they 'll be more likely to assume what we want them to . '' 
 she sniffed , but did as requested , creating two globes of light , then setting them to float in the air beside her head . 
 bryne gave the command , and the entire group spilled out of the alley and formed ranks . 
 gawyn , siuan and bryne took up positions at the front-gawyn and the general walking just ahead of siuan , as if they were warders-and they double-timed forward down the street . 
 all in all , the illusion was very good . 
 on first glance , gawyn himself would have bought the disguise . 
 what would be more natural to see than a squadron of tower guard marching to the scene of the attack , guided by an aes sedai and her warders ? 
 it was certainly better than trying to sneak a hundred men through the city in alleyways , unseen . 
 as they approached the tower grounds they entered the nightmare . 
 the billowing smoke reflected red firelight , enveloping the tower in a menacing crimson haze . 
 holes and gashes broke the walls of the once-majestic building ; fires blazed within several of them . 
 raken commanded the air , swooping and spinning about the tower like gulls circling a dead whale in the waves . 
 screams and shouts permeated the air , and the thick , acrid smoke made gawyn 's throat itch . 
 bryne 's soldiers slowed as they approached . 
 there seemed to be two points of combat in the raid . 
 the base of the tower , with its two flanking wings , showed flashes of light . 
 the grounds were littered with the dead and the wounded . 
 and up above , near the middle of the tower , several gashes were spewing fireballs and lightning back out at the invaders . 
 the rest of the tower seemed silent and dead , though surely fighting was going on in the corridors . 
 the group pulled to a halt outside the tower grounds ' iron gates . 
 those gates were open and completely unguarded . 
 that seemed ominous . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 gawyn whispered . 
 `` we find egwene , '' siuan answered . 
 `` we start at the base , then head down to the basement floors . 
 she was locked down there somewhere earlier today , and it 's probably the first place we should look . '' 
 * * a spray of stone chips fell from the ceiling and rained down on the table as the white tower shook from yet another blast . 
 saerin cursed to herself , wiping the chips away , then unrolled a wide piece of parchment , weighting the sides with some broken chunks of tile . 
 around her , the room was in virtual chaos . 
 they were on the ground floor , in the forward gathering room , a large square chamber situated where the eastern wing met the tower proper . 
 members of the tower guard pulled tables out of the way to make room for the groups passing through . 
 aes sedai warily glanced out the windows , watching the skies . 
 warders stalked like caged animals . 
 what were they to do about flying beasts ? 
 their best place was here , guarding the center of operations . 
 such as it was . 
 saerin had only just arrived . 
 a sister in green swept up to her . 
 moradri was a long-limbed mayener with dark skin , and she was trailed by two handsome warders , both also mayener . 
 rumors said that they were her brothers , come to the white tower to defend their sister , though moradri did n't speak of the matter . 
 saerin demanded , `` how many ? '' 
 `` the ground floor has at least forty-seven sisters , '' moradri said . 
 `` spread across the ajahs . 
 that 's the best count i could gather , as they 're fighting in small groups . 
 i told them we were organizing a formal command center here . 
 most seemed to think that was a good idea , though many were too tired , too shocked or too dazed to respond with much else besides a nod . '' 
 `` mark their locations on the map here , '' saerin said . 
 `` did you find elaida ? '' 
 moradri shook her head . 
 `` blast , '' saerin muttered as the tower shook again . 
 `` what of any green sitters ? '' 
 `` i did n't find any , '' moradri said , glancing over her shoulder , obviously eager to get back to the fighting . 
 `` a pity , '' saerin said . 
 `` they like to call themselves the battle ajah , after all . 
 well , that leaves me to organize the fighting . '' 
 moradri shrugged . 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 she glanced over her shoulder again . 
 saerin eyed the green sister , then tapped the map . 
 `` mark the locations , moradri . 
 you can be back to the fighting soon enough , but your knowledge is more important right now . '' 
 the green sister sighed , but quickly began to make notations on the map . 
 as she worked , saerin was pleased to note captain chubain entering . 
 the man looked youthful for his forty-some winters , without a speck of gray in his black hair . 
 some men were inclined to disparage his abilities because of his too-pretty face ; saerin had heard of the humiliation those men had received by his sword in return for the insults . 
 `` ah , good , '' she said . 
 `` finally something is going well . 
 captain , over here if you will . '' 
 he limped over , favoring his left leg . 
 his white tabard , hanging over mail , was scorched ; his face was smudged with soot . 
 `` saerin sedai , '' he said , bowing . 
 `` you are wounded . '' 
 `` an inconsequential wound , aes sedai , in the glory of a fight such as this . '' 
 `` see yourself healed anyway , '' she ordered . 
 `` it would be ridiculous for our captain of the guard to risk death because of an ` inconsequential ' wound . 
 if it makes you stumble for a moment we could lose you . '' 
 the man stepped closer , speaking in a low voice . 
 `` saerin sedai , the tower guard is all but useless in this fight . 
 with the seanchan using those ... monstrous women , we can barely reach them before being ripped to pieces or blasted to ashes . '' 
 `` you need to change your tactics , then , captain , '' saerin said firmly . 
 light , what a mess ! 
 `` tell the men to switch to bows . 
 do not risk closing on the enemy 's channelers . 
 shoot from a distance . 
 a single arrow could turn the battle to our side ; we have their soldiers grossly outnumbered . '' 
 `` yes , aes sedai . '' 
 `` as a white might say , it 's simple logic , '' she said . 
 `` captain , our most important task is to form a center of operations . 
 aes sedai and soldiers alike are scrambling about independently , acting like rats faced by wolves . 
 we need to stand together . '' 
 what she did n't mention was how embarrassed she was . 
 the aes sedai had spent centuries guiding kings and influencing wars , but now-with their sanctuary assaulted-they had proven woefully inadequate in defending it . 
 egwene was right , she thought . 
 not just in predicting this attack , but in berating us for being divided . 
 saerin did n't need reports from moradri or scouts to know that the ajahs were each fighting this battle independently . 
 `` captain , '' she said . 
 `` moradri sedai is marking pockets of fighters on the map . 
 ask her which ajah is represented in each group ; she has an excellent memory , and will be able to tell you specifics . 
 send runners in my authority to any group of yellow or brown sisters . 
 tell them to report here , to this chamber . 
 `` next , send runners to the other groups and tell them that we are going to send one brown or yellow sister to them for healing purposes . 
 there will also be a group of sisters here providing healing . 
 anyone wounded is to report here immediately . '' 
 he saluted . 
 `` oh , '' she added . 
 `` and send someone to the outer grounds to spot the main breaches above . 
 we need to know where the invasion is deepest . '' 
 `` aes sedai , ... '' he said . 
 `` the outer grounds are dangerous . 
 those flying above fire on anyone they see moving . '' 
 `` then send men who are good at concealing themselves , '' she growled . 
 `` yes , aes sedai . 
 we - '' `` this is a disaster ! '' 
 an angry voice shouted . 
 saerin turned to find four red sisters entering the room . 
 notasha was wearing a white dress bloodied up the left side , though if the blood was her own , she 'd been healed . 
 katerine 's mass of long black hair was frazzled and tangled with chips of stone . 
 the other two women wore ripped dresses , faces soiled with ash . 
 `` how dare they strike here ! '' 
 katerine continued , crossing the room . 
 soldiers ducked out of her way , and several less-influential sisters who had gathered at saerin 's order suddenly found things to do at the corners of the room . 
 distant booms sounded , like the noises of an illuminator 's display . 
 `` they dare because they have the means and the desire , obviously , '' saerin replied , shoving down her annoyance and maintaining her calm . 
 with difficulty . 
 `` so far , the strike has proven remarkably effective . '' 
 `` well , i 'm assuming command here , '' katerine growled . 
 `` we need to scour the tower and eliminate each of them ! '' 
 `` you will not take command , '' saerin said firmly . 
 insufferable woman ! 
 calm , remain calm . 
 `` nor will we go on the offensive . '' 
 `` and you will dare stop me ? '' 
 katerine snarled , the glow of saidar a burning light around her . 
 `` a brown ? '' 
 saerin raised an eyebrow . 
 `` since when did the mistress of novices outrank a sitter in the hall , katerine ? '' 
 `` egwene al ` vere predicted this , '' saerin said , grimacing . 
 `` we can assume , therefore , that the other things she told us about the seanchan are true . 
 the seanchan seize women who can channel and use them as weapons . 
 they have brought no ground force ; it would be near impossible to march them this far through hostile territory anyway . 
 that means this is a raid , intended to seize as many sisters as possible . 
 `` the battle has already stretched long for a raid , perhaps because we 've done such a poor job of resisting that they feel they can take their time . 
 either way , we need to form a unified front and hold our ground . 
 once the battle goes more roughly for them , they will withdraw . 
 we are in no position whatsoever to ` scour the tower ' and force them out . '' 
 katerine hesitated , considering that . 
 another boom sounded outside . 
 `` where do those keep coming from ? '' 
 saerin asked in annoyance . 
 `` have n't they made enough holes ? '' 
 `` that was n't directed at the tower , saerin sedai ! '' 
 called one of the soldiers at the room 's doorway , standing just outside in the garden . 
 he 's right , saerin realized . 
 the tower did n't shake . 
 it did n't the time before , either . 
 `` what are they firing on ? 
 people down below ? '' 
 `` no , aes sedai ! '' 
 the guard said . 
 `` i think it was a blast thrown from within the tower , launched from one of the upper floors out at the flying creatures . '' 
 `` well , at least someone else is fighting back , '' saerin said . 
 `` where was it launched from ? '' 
 `` i did n't see , '' the soldier said , still watching the skies . 
 `` light , there it goes again ! 
 and again ! '' 
 red and yellow reflected from the smoke above , bathing the garden in light barely visible through the door and windows . 
 raken screamed in pain . 
 `` saerin sedai ! '' 
 captain chubain said , turning from a group of wounded soldiers . 
 saerin had n't seen them enter ; she 'd been too caught up with katerine . 
 `` these men are down from the upper levels . 
 it appears that there 's a second rallying point for the defense , and it 's doing very well . 
 the seanchan are breaking off their attack below to focus there . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 saerin asked eagerly . 
 `` specifically ? '' 
 `` the twenty-second , aes sedai . 
 northeastern quarter . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 katerine asked . 
 `` the brown ajah sections ? '' 
 no . 
 that was what had been there before . 
 now , with the swapping of the tower 's corridors , that area of the tower was ... `` the novices ' quarters ? '' 
 saerin said . 
 that seemed even more ridiculous . 
 `` how in the world ... . '' 
 she trailed off , eyes widening slightly . 
 `` egwene . '' 
 each faceless seanchan that egwene struck down seemed to be renna in her mind 's eye . 
 egwene stood at an open hole in the side of the white tower , wind pulling at her white dress , tugging at her hair , howling as if in accompaniment to her rage . 
 her anger was not out of control . 
 it was cold and distilled . 
 the tower was burning . 
 she had foretold this , she had dreamed it , but the reality was far worse than she had feared . 
 if elaida had prepared for the event , the damage would have been much less . 
 but there was no point in longing for what had not been . 
 instead , she directed her anger-the anger of justice , the wrath of the amyrlin . 
 she blasted to ` raken after to ` raken from the air . 
 they were much less maneuverable than their smaller cousins . 
 she must have felled a dozen by now , and her actions had drawn the attention of those outside . 
 the attack below was breaking off , the entire raid focusing on egwene . 
 the novices fought seanchan raiding parties on the stairs , forcing them back . 
 to ` raken winged about in the air , swooping around the tower , trying to take egwene with shields or blasts of fire . 
 smaller raken darted through the air , crossbowmen on their backs launching bolts at her . 
 but she was a fount of power , drawn from deep within the fluted rod in her hands , channeled through a group of novices and accepted hiding in the room behind , bound to her in circle . 
 egwene was part of the fires that burned in the tower , bloodying the sky with their flames , painting the air with their smoke . 
 she almost seemed not a being of flesh , but one of pure power , sending judgment to those who had dared bring war to the tower itself . 
 blasts of lightning stormed from the sky , the clouds churning above . 
 fire sprouted from her hands . 
 perhaps she should have feared breaking the three oaths . 
 but she did not . 
 this was a fight that needed to be fought , and she did not lust for death-though , perhaps , her rage against the sul ` dam approached it . 
 the soldiers and damane were unfortunate casualties . 
 the white tower , the sacred dwelling of the aes sedai , was under attack . 
 they were all in danger , a danger greater than death . 
 those silvery collars were far worse . 
 egwene defended herself and each woman in the tower . 
 she would make the seanchan withdraw . 
 shield after shield came to sever her from the source , but they were like the hands of children trying to stem the roaring flow of a waterfall . 
 with this much power , she could not be stopped save by a full circle , and the seanchan did n't use circles ; the a ` dam prevented it . 
 the attackers prepared weaves to strike her down , but each time egwene struck first , either deflecting the balls of fire with a blast of air or simply bringing down the to ` raken who carried the women trying to kill her . 
 some beasts had flown away into the night , bearing captives . 
 egwene had felled the ones she could , but there had been so many to ` raken in this raid . 
 some would escape . 
 sisters would be captured . 
 she formed a ball of fire in each hand , blasting another beast from the sky as it swooped too close . 
 yes , some would escape . 
 but they would pay dearly . 
 that was another goal . 
 she had to make certain they never attacked the tower again . 
 this raid had to cost them . 
 `` bryne ! 
 above you ! '' 
 gareth dodged to the side , rolling with a grunt , breastplate digging into his sides and belly as he hit cobblestones . 
 something massive in the air passed just above him , and a thudding crash followed . 
 he came up on one knee to see a burning raken tumbling across the ground where he had been standing , its rider-already dead from the fireblast that had killed his mount-tumbling free like a rag doll . 
 the raken corpse , still smoldering , slumped to a rest beside the tower wall . 
 the rider lay where he had fallen , the helm bouncing away into the darkness . 
 one of the corpse 's boots was missing . 
 bryne heaved himself to his feet and pulled his belt knife free-he 'd dropped his sword in the roll . 
 he spun , scanning for danger . 
 there was plenty of it to be found . 
 raken swooped-big ones and small ones - though most were fixated on the tower above . 
 the inner green at the front of the tower was studded with chunks of stone and bodies twisted into horrific positions . 
 bryne 's men were fighting a squadron of seanchan soldiers ; the invaders in their insectile armor had piled out of the tower moments ago . 
 were the seanchan running away from something or just looking for a fight ? 
 there were a good thirty of them . 
 had the soldiers come out to this courtyard to be lifted away ? 
 well , either way , they had met an unexpected force in bryne 's soldiers . 
 light be blessed , there were no channelers in the group . 
 with over two-to-one odds , bryne 's men should have had an easy time of it . 
 unfortunately , there were some few of the bigger raken above dropping stones and fireballs on the courtyard 's occupants . 
 and these seanchan fought well . 
 very well . 
 bryne called for his men to stand fast , glancing about for his sword . 
 gawyn-the one who had warned him earlier-stood near it , dueling two seanchan at once . 
 had the boy no sense ? 
 gawyn 's force had the upper hand . 
 he should have a swordmate with him . 
 he-gawyn dispatched both seanchan with one fluid motion . 
 was that lotus closes its blossom ? 
 bryne had never seen it used so effectively against two men at once . 
 gawyn wiped his weapon as part of the traditional finishing flourish , then sheathed it and kicked brynes fallen sword up into the air and snatched it . 
 he fell into a guard position , holding the sword , wary . 
 bryne 's line of men was holding , despite the attacks from above . 
 gawyn nodded to bryne , waving him forward with the sword . 
 metal on metal rang across the courtyard , shadows thrown across the scarred grass , lit by the fires above . 
 bryne took his sword back and gawyn unsheathed his own blade , on edge . 
 `` look up there , '' he said and pointed with his sword . 
 bryne squinted . 
 there was a great deal of activity near a hole in one of the upper floors . 
 he pulled free his spyglass , focusing on the location , trusting in gawyn to warn him if danger approached . 
 `` by the light ... '' bryne whispered , focusing on the gap . 
 a solitary figure wearing white stood in the tower 's rent . 
 it was too distant to make out her face , even with the spyglass , but whoever she was , she was certainly doing some damage to the seanchan . 
 her arms were upraised with fire glowing between her hands , the burning light throwing shadows across the outer tower wall around her . 
 blasts of fire flew in a steady stream , flinging raken from the sky . 
 he raised his spyglass higher , scanning the length of the tower , searching for other signs of resistance . 
 there was activity on the flat , circular roof . 
 it was so distant he could barely make it out . 
 it looked like poles being raised , followed by raken swooping down and ... what ? 
 each time a raken swooped by , it left dragging something . 
 captives , bryne realized with a chill . 
 they 're taking captive aes sedai to the roof , tying ropes to them , then the raken are snatching those ropes and towing the women into the air . 
 light ! 
 he caught a glimpse of one of the captives being pulled away . 
 it looked as if she had a sack tied over her head . 
 `` we have to get into the tower , '' gawyn said . 
 `` this fight is just a distraction . '' 
 `` agreed , '' bryne said , lowering the spyglass . 
 he glanced to the side of the courtyard , where siuan had said she 'd wait while the men fought . 
 time to collect her and - she was gone . 
 byrne felt a spike of shock , followed by one of terror . 
 where was she ? 
 if that woman had gotten herself killed ... . 
 but no . 
 he could sense her inside the tower . 
 she was n't hurt . 
 this bond was such a wondrous thing , but he was too unaccustomed to it . 
 he should have noticed that she was gone ! 
 he scanned his line of soldiers . 
 the seanchan had fought well , but they were visibly routed now . 
 their line was breaking , scattering in all directions , and bryne barked the order for his men not to follow . 
 `` first and second squads , gather the wounded quickly , '' he called . 
 `` carry them to the side of the courtyard . 
 those who can walk should head directly for the boats . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` those who ca n't walk will need to wait for aes sedai to heal them . '' 
 the soldiers nodded . 
 the badly wounded would be abandoned into enemy hands , but they had been warned of that possibility before coming on this mission . 
 recovering the amyrlin outweighed all other concerns . 
 some men would die from their wounds while they waited . 
 there was nothing he could do about that . 
 hopefully , most would be healed by the white tower aes sedai . 
 that healing would be followed by imprisonment , but there was no other choice . 
 the team of soldiers had to keep moving quickly , and there was no time for litters to carry the wounded . 
 `` third and fourth squads , '' he began , urgent . 
 he stopped as a familiar form in a blue dress strode out of the tower , towing a girl in white . 
 of course , siuan herself looked only faintly older than the girl , now . 
 at times , he had difficulty connecting her to the stern woman he had met years ago . 
 feeling a surge of relief , he confronted siuan as she approached . 
 `` who is thai ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 she clicked her tongue , telling the novice to wait , then pulling bryne away to speak to him in a low voice . 
 `` your soldiers were busy , and i decided it would be a good time to gather some information . 
 and , i might note , we 're going to have to work on your attitude , gareth bryne . 
 that 's not the proper way for a warder to speak to his aes sedai . '' 
 `` i 'll start worrying about that when you start acting like you have two bits of sense in your head , woman . 
 what if you 'd run into seanchan ? '' 
 `` then i would have been in danger , '' she said , hands on hips . 
 `` it would n't be the first time . 
 i could n't risk being seen by other aes sedai with you or your soldiers . 
 such simple disguises wo n't fool a sister . '' 
 `` and if you 'd been recognized ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` siuan , these people tried to execute you ! '' 
 she sniffed . 
 `` moiraine herself would n't recognize me with this face . 
 the women in the tower will just see a young aes sedai who looks faintly familiar . 
 besides , i did n't run into any of them . 
 just this child . '' 
 she glanced at the novice ; the girl had a short bob of black hair and stared , terrified , at the battle in the sky above . 
 `` hashala , come here , '' siuan called . 
 the novice scurried over . 
 `` tell this man what you told me , '' siuan commanded . 
 `` yes , aes sedai , '' the novice said with an anxious curtsy . 
 bryne 's soldiers made an honor guard around siuan , and gawyn stepped up beside bryne . 
 the young man 's eyes kept nicking toward the deadly sky . 
 `` the amyrlin , egwene al ` vere , '' the novice said in a quivering voice . 
 `` she was released from the cells earlier today and allowed to return to the novices ' quarters . 
 i was down in the lower kitchens when the attack came , so i do n't know what has happened to her . 
 but she 's probably up on the twenty-first or twenty-second level somewhere . 
 that 's where the novices ' quarters are now . '' 
 she grimaced . 
 `` the inside of the tower is a mess , these days . 
 nothing is where it should be . '' 
 siuan met bryne 's eyes . 
 `` egwene 's been given forkroot in heavy doses . 
 she 'll barely be able to channel . '' 
 `` we 've got to reach her ! '' 
 gawyn said . 
 `` obviously , '' bryne said , rubbing his chin . 
 `` that 's why we 're here . 
 i guess we go up instead of down , then . '' 
 `` you 're here to rescue her , are n't you ? '' 
 the novice sounded eager . 
 bryne eyed the girl . 
 child , i wish you had n't made that connection . 
 he hated the thought of leaving a mere novice tied up in the middle of this mess . 
 but they could n't have her running to give warning to the white tower aes sedai . 
 `` i want to go with you , '' the novice said fervently . 
 `` i 'm loyal to the amyrlin . 
 the real amyrlin . 
 most of us are . '' 
 bryne raised an eyebrow , glancing at siuan . 
 `` let her come , '' the aes sedai said . 
 `` it 's the easier option anyway . '' 
 she moved over to begin asking the girl a few more questions . 
 bryne glanced to the side as one of his captains , a man named vestas , approached . 
 `` my lord , '' vestas said urgently , his voice a deep whisper . 
 `` the wounded are sorted . 
 we lost twelve men . 
 another fifteen are wounded but can walk and are heading for the boats . 
 six are wounded too badly to go with them . '' 
 vestas hesitated . 
 `` three men wo n't last the hour , my lord . '' 
 bryne gritted his teeth . 
 `` we move on . '' 
 `` i feel that pain , bryne , '' siuan said , turning around and eyeing him . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` we do n't have time . 
 the amyrlin - '' `` can wait another moment . 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` three men , '' he said . 
 `` i have to leave three of my men to die . '' 
 `` not if i heal them , '' siuan said . 
 `` show me . '' 
 bryne made no further objection , though he did glance at the sky . 
 several of the raken had landed elsewhere in the tower grounds , vague black shapes , lit by the fires in flickering orange . 
 the fleeing seanchan were congregating at them . 
 those were the ground assault troops , he thought . 
 they really are pulling out . 
 the raid is ending . 
 which meant they were running out of time . 
 as soon as the seanchan left , the white tower would start to reorganize . 
 they needed to reach egwene ! 
 light send that she had n't been captured . 
 still , if siuan wanted to heal the soldiers , then it was her decision . 
 he just hoped that these three lives did not end up costing the life of the amyrlin . 
 vestas had set the three soldiers by themselves at the side of the green , beneath the boughs of a large shade tree . 
 bryne brought a squad of soldiers , leaving gawyn to organize the rest of the men , and followed siuan over to the wounded . 
 she knelt beside the first man . 
 her skill in healing was not the best ; she 'd warned bryne of this ahead of time . 
 but perhaps she could make these three well enough that they would survive to be discovered and taken by the white tower . 
 she worked quickly , and bryne noticed that she 'd done herself an injustice . 
 she seemed to do a creditable job with the healing . 
 still , it took time . 
 he scanned the courtyard , feeling his anxiety rise . 
 though blasts were still being exchanged on the upper floors , the lower floors and grounds were silent . 
 the only sounds nearby were those of the groaning wounded and the crackling of flames . 
 light , he thought , surveying the rubble , running his eyes over the tower 's base . 
 the east wing 's roof and far wall had been leveled , and flames flickered inside the structure . 
 the courtyard was a mess of rubble and gouges . 
 smoke hung in the air , pungent and thick . 
 would the ogier be willing to return and rebuild this magnificent structure ? 
 would it ever be the same again , or had a seemingly eternal monument fallen this evening ? 
 was he proud or grieved to have witnessed it ? 
 a shadow moved in the darkness beside the tree . 
 bryne moved without thought . 
 three things in him mixed : years of training with the sword , a lifetime of practiced battlefield reflexes and a new bond-enhanced awareness . 
 all came together in one motion . 
 his sword was out in a heartbeat , and he performed blacklance 's last strike , slamming his sword straight into the neck of the dark figure . 
 all was still . 
 siuan , shocked , looked up from the man she was healing . 
 bryne 's sword extended directly over her shoulder and into the neck of a seanchan soldier in pure black armor . 
 the man silently dropped a wickedly barbed shortsword slathered with a viscous liquid . 
 twitching , he reached for bryne 's sword , as if to push it free . 
 his fingers gripped bryne 's arm for a moment . 
 then the man slid backward off of bryne 's blade and to the ground . 
 he spasmed once , whispering something distinct despite the bubbling of his bleeding throat . 
 `` marath ... damane ... '' `` light burn me ! '' 
 siuan breathed , raising a hand to her breast . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 `` he was n't dressed like the others , '' bryne said , shaking his head . 
 `` the armor is different . 
 assassin of some sort . '' 
 `` light , '' siuan said . 
 `` i did n't even see him ! 
 he almost seemed part of the darkness itself ! '' 
 assassins . 
 they always seemed to look the same , regardless of the culture . 
 bryne sheathed his sword . 
 that was the first time he 'd ever used blacklance 's last strike in combat . 
 it was a simple form , intended for only one thing : speed . 
 draw the sword and strike into the neck in one fluid motion . 
 if you missed , you usually died . 
 `` you saved my life , '' siuan said , looking up at bryne . 
 her face was mostly shadowed . 
 `` by the seas at midnight , '' she said , `` the blasted girl was right . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 bryne asked , warily scanning the darkness for more assassins . 
 he waved curtly , and his men sheepishly opened their lanterns further . 
 the assassin 's attack had come so quickly that they had barely moved . 
 if bryne had n't had the speed of a warder bond ... . 
 `` min , '' siuan said , sounding tired . 
 those healings seemed to have taken a lot out of her . 
 `` she said i had to stay near you . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` if you had n't come tonight , i would have died . '' 
 `` well , '' bryne said , `` i am your warder . 
 i suspect it wo n't be the only time i save you . '' 
 why had it grown so warm all of a sudden ? 
 `` yes , '' siuan said , standing up . 
 `` but this is different . 
 min said i 'd die , and ... no , wait . 
 that 's not what min said exactly . 
 she said that if i did n't stay close to you , we 'd both die . '' 
 `` what are you - '' bryne said , turning toward her . 
 `` hush ! '' 
 siuan said , taking his head in her hands . 
 he felt a strange prickling sensation . 
 was she using the power on him ? 
 what was going on ? 
 he recognized that shock , like ice in the veins ! 
 she was healing him ! 
 but why ? 
 he was n't wounded . 
 siuan took her hands off his face , then teetered slightly with a sudden look of exhaustion . 
 he grabbed her , to help steady her , but she shook her head and righted herself . 
 `` here , '' she said , grabbing his sword arm , twisting it so that the wrist was visible . 
 there , pressed into his skin , was a tiny black pin . 
 she yanked it free . 
 bryne felt a chill totally unrelated to the healing . 
 `` poisoned ? '' 
 he asked , glancing at the dead man . 
 `` when he reached for my arm , it was n't a simple death spasm . '' 
 `` probably had a numbing agent on it , '' siuan muttered angrily , letting him help her sit down . 
 she tossed the pin aside and it suddenly burst into flames , the poison evaporating beneath the heat of her channeling . 
 bryne ran a hand through his hair . 
 his brow was damp . 
 `` did you ... heal it ? '' 
 siuan nodded . 
 `` it was surprisingly easy ; there was only a little in your system . 
 it would have killed you anyway . 
 you 'll have to thank min next time you see her , bryne . 
 she just saved both of our lives . '' 
 `` but i would n't have been poisoned if i had n't come ! '' 
 `` do n't try to apply logic to a viewing or foretelling like this , '' siuan said , grimacing . 
 `` you 're alive . 
 i 'm alive . 
 i suggest we leave it at that . 
 you feel good enough to keep going ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 bryne said . 
 `` i 'm not about to let you go on without me . '' 
 `` let 's move , then , '' siuan said , taking a deep breath and climbing to her feet . 
 that rest had n't been nearly long enough , but he did n't challenge her . 
 `` these three soldiers of yours will survive the night . 
 i 've done what i can for them . '' 
 egwene sat , exhausted , on a pile of rubble , staring out of the hole in the white tower , watching fires burning below . 
 figures moved about them , and one by one , the fires winked out . 
 whoever had been running the resistance was quick-minded enough to realize that the fires could prove as dangerous as the seanchan . 
 but a few sisters weaving air or water could make short work of the flames , preserving the tower . 
 what was left of it . 
 egwene closed her eyes and lay back , resting against the fragments of a wall , feeling the fresh breeze blow across her . 
 the seanchan were gone , the last to ` raken vanishing into the night . 
 that moment , watching it flee , was the moment when egwene realized how hard she 'd taxed herself and the poor novices she 'd been drawing through . 
 she 'd released them with orders to go directly to sleep . 
 the other women she 'd gathered were caring for wounded or working on the fires on the upper levels . 
 egwene wanted to help . 
 a part of her did , at least . 
 a sliver . 
 but light , she was tired ! 
 she could n't channel another trickle , not even using the sa'angreal . 
 she 'd pushed the limits of what she could manage . 
 but she was so worn out now that she would n't be able to embrace the source if she tried . 
 she 'd fought . 
 she 'd been glorious and destructive , the amyrlin of judgment and fury , green ajah to the core . 
 and still , the tower had burned . 
 and still , more to ` raken had escaped than had fallen . 
 the count of wounded among those she 'd gathered was somewhat encouraging . 
 only three novices and one aes sedai dead , while they 'd gathered ten damane and killed dozens of soldiers . 
 but what of the other floors ? 
 the white tower would not come out ahead in this battle . 
 the white tower was broken , physically now as well as spiritually . 
 they 'd need a strong leader to rebuild . 
 the next few days would be pivotal . 
 it made her more than exhausted to consider the work she 'd need to do . 
 she had protected many . 
 she had resisted and fought . 
 but this day would still mark one of the greatest disasters in the history of the aes sedai . 
 ca n't think of that , she told herself . 
 have to focus on what to do to fix things ... . 
 she would get up soon . 
 she would lead the novices and aes sedai on these upper floors as they cleaned up and assessed the damage . 
 she would be strong and capable . 
 the others would be tempted to fall into despair , and she needed to be positive . 
 for them . 
 but she could take a few minutes . 
 she just needed to rest for a little while ... . 
 she barely noticed when someone picked her up . 
 she tiredly opened her eyes , and-though numb of mind-was astonished to find that she was being carried by gawyn trakand . 
 his forehead was smeared with crusty dried blood , but his face was determined . 
 `` i 've got you , egwene , '' he said , glancing down . 
 `` i 'll protect you . '' 
 oh , she thought , closing her eyes again . 
 good . 
 such a pleasant dream . 
 she smiled . 
 wait . 
 no . 
 that was n't right . 
 she was n't supposed to be leaving the tower . 
 she tried to voice complaint , but she could barely mumble . 
 `` fish guts , '' she heard siuan sanche say . 
 `` what did they do to her ? '' 
 `` is she wounded ? '' 
 another voice . 
 gareth bryne . 
 no , egwene thought numbly . 
 no , you have to let me go . 
 1 ca n't leave . 
 not now ... . 
 `` they just left her there , siuan , '' gawyn said . 
 his voice was so nice to hear . 
 `` defenseless in the hallway ! 
 anyone could have come upon her like that . 
 what if the seanchan had discovered her ? '' 
 i destroyed them , she thought with a smile , thoughts slipping away from her . 
 i was a burning warrior , a hero called by the horn . 
 they wo n't dare face me again . 
 she almost fell asleep , but being jostled by gawyn 's steps kept her awake . 
 barely . 
 `` ho ! '' 
 she distantly heard siuan 's voice . 
 `` what 's this ? 
 light , egwene ! 
 where did you get this ? 
 this is the most powerful one in the tower ! '' 
 `` what is it , siuan ? '' 
 bryne 's voice asked . 
 `` our way out , '' siuan said distantly . 
 egwene sensed something . 
 channeling . 
 powerful channeling . 
 `` you asked about sneaking back out with all the activity in the courtyard ? 
 well , with this , i 'm strong enough for traveling . 
 let 's go collect those soldiers with the boats and hop back to camp . '' 
 no ! 
 egwene thought , clawing through her drowsiness , forcing her eyes open . 
 i 'm winning , do n't you see ? 
 if i offer leadership now , when the rubble is being cleared , they 'll see me as amy ri in for certain ! 
 i have to stay ! 
 i have to - gawyn carried her through the gateway , leaving the hallways of the white tower behind . 
 saerin finally let herself sit . 
 the gathering room that was her center of operations had also become a room for separating and healing the wounded . 
 yellow and brown sisters moved down the lines of soldiers , servants , and other sisters , focusing on the worst cases first . 
 there were a frightful number of dead , including over twenty aes sedai so far . 
 but the seanchan had withdrawn , as saerin had predicted . 
 thank the light for that . 
 saerin herself sat at the far northwestern corner of the room , beneath a fine painting of tear in spring , perched on a short stool and accepting reports as they came . 
 the wounded groaned and the room smelled of blood and of healall , which was used on those whose wounds did n't demand immediate healing . 
 the room also smelled of smoke . 
 that was ever-present tonight . 
 more and more soldiers approached her , handing in reports of damage and casualties . 
 saerin did n't want to read further , but it was better than listening to those groans . 
 where under the light was elaida ? 
 nobody had seen anything of the amyrlin during the battle , but much of the upper tower had been cut off from the lower portions . 
 hopefully , the amyrlin and the hall could be gathered soon to present a strong leadership in the crisis . 
 saerin accepted another report , then raised her eyebrows at what it said . 
 only three novices in egwene 's group of over sixty had died ? 
 and only one sister out of some forty she had gathered ? 
 ten seanchan chan-nelers captured , over thirty raken blown from the air ? 
 light ! 
 that made saerin 's own efforts seem downright amateur by comparison . 
 and this was the woman elaida kept trying to insist was simply a novice ' ? 
 `` saerin sedai ? '' 
 a man 's voice asked . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 she asked , distracted . 
 `` you should hear what this accepted has to say . '' 
 saerin looked up , realizing that the voice belonged to captain chubain . 
 he had his hand on the shoulder of a young arafellin accepted with blue eyes and a plump round face . 
 what was her name ? 
 mair , that was it . 
 the poor child looked ragged . 
 her face sported a number of cuts and some scrapes that would likely bruise . 
 her accepted dress was ripped on the sleeve and shoulder . 
 `` child ? '' 
 saerin asked , glancing at chubain 's worried face . 
 what was wrong ? 
 `` saerin sedai , '' the girl whispered , curtsying , then wincing at the action . 
 `` i. ... '' `` spit it out , child , '' saerin demanded . 
 `` this is n't a night for dawdling . '' 
 mair looked down . 
 `` it 's the amyrlin , saerin sedai . 
 elaida sedai . 
 i was attending her tonight , taking transcriptions for her . 
 and . 
 ... '' `` and what ? '' 
 saerin said , feeling a growing chill . 
 the girl started crying . 
 `` the entire wall burst in , saerin sedai . 
 the rubble covered me ; i think they thought i was dead . 
 i could n't do anything ! 
 i 'm sorry ! '' 
 light intercede ! 
 saerin thought . 
 she ca n't be saying what i think she is . 
 can she ? 
 elaida awoke to a very odd sensation . 
 why was her bed moving ? 
 rippling , undulating . 
 so rhythmic . 
 and that wind ! 
 had carlya left the window open ? 
 if so , the maid would be beaten . 
 she 'd been warned . 
 she 'd been - this was not her bed . 
 elaida opened her eyes and found herself looking down at a dark landscape hundreds of feet below . 
 she was tied to the back of some strange beast . 
 she could n't move . 
 why could n't she move ? 
 she reached for the source , then felt a sudden , sharp pain , as though she had suddenly been beaten on every inch of her body with a thousand rods . 
 she reached up , dazed , feeling the collar at her throat . 
 there was a dark figure riding in the saddle next to her ; no lanterns lit the woman 's face , but elaida could feel her somehow . 
 elaida could just barely remember spending time dangling in the air , tied to a rope , as she fell in and out of consciousness . 
 when had she been pulled up ? 
 what was happening ? 
 a voice whispered from the night . 
 `` i shall forgive that little mistake . 
 you have been marath ` damane for very long , and bad habits are to be expected . 
 but you will not reach for the source again without permission . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` release me ! '' 
 elaida bellowed . 
 the pain returned tenfold , and elaida retched at the intensity of it . 
 her bile and sick-up fell over the side of the beast and dropped far to the ground below . 
 `` now , now , '' the voice said , patient , like a woman speaking to a very young child . 
 `` you must learn . 
 your name is suffa . 
 and suffa will be a good damane . 
 yes she will . 
 a very , very good damane . '' 
 elaida screamed again , and this time , she did n't stop when the pain came . 
 she just kept screaming out into the uncaring night . 
 chapter 42 before the stone of tear tt tt * '' / ^ e do n't know the names of the women who were in graendal 's palace , \ \ / lews therin said . 
 we ca n't add them to the list . 
 \ w rand tried to ignore the madman . 
 that proved impossible . 
 lews therin continued . 
 how can we continue the list if we do n't know the names ! 
 in war , we sought out the maidens who had fallen , we found every one ! 
 the list is flawed ! 
 i ca n't continue ! 
 it 's not your list ! 
 rand growled . 
 it 's mine , lews therin . 
 mine ! 
 no ! 
 the madman sputtered . 
 who are you ? 
 it 's mine ! 
 i made it . 
 i ca n't continue now that they 're dead . 
 oh , light ! 
 balefire ? 
 why did we use balefire ! 
 i promised that i would never do that again ... . 
 rand squeezed his eyes shut , holding tightly to tai ` daishar 's reins . 
 the warhorse picked his way down the street ; the hooves hit packed earth , one after another . 
 what have we become ? 
 lews therin whispered . 
 we 're going to do it again , are n't we ? 
 kill them all . 
 everyone we 've loved . 
 again , again , again ... . 
 `` again and again , '' rand whispered . 
 `` it does n't matter , as long as the world survives . 
 they cursed me before , swore at dragonmount and by my name , but they lived . 
 we 're here , ready to fight . 
 again and again . '' 
 `` rand ? '' 
 min asked . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 she rode her dun mare next to tai ` daishar . 
 he could n't let her , or any of them , see him slipping . 
 they must n't know how close he was to collapsing . 
 so many names we do n't know , lews therin whispered . 
 so many dead by our hand . 
 and it was just the beginning . 
 `` i am well , min , '' he said . 
 `` i was thinking . '' 
 `` about the people ? '' 
 min asked . 
 the wooden walks of bandar eban were filled with people . 
 rand no longer saw the colors of their clothing ; he saw how worn that clothing was . 
 he saw the rips in the magnificent fabric , the threadbare patches , the dirt and the stains . 
 virtually everyone in bandar eban was a refugee of one sort or another . 
 they watched him with haunted eyes . 
 each time he 'd conquered a kingdom before , he 'd left it better than when he 'd arrived . 
 rand had removed forsaken tyrants , brought an end to warfare and sieges . 
 he 'd cast out shaido invaders , he 'd delivered food , he 'd created stability . 
 each land he 'd destroyed had , essentially , been saved at the same time . 
 arad doman was different . 
 he 'd brought in food-but that food had drawn even more refugees , straining his supplies . 
 not only had he failed to give them peace with the seanchan , he had appropriated their only troops and sent them up to watch the borderlands . 
 the seas were still unsafe . 
 the tiny seanchan empress had n't trusted him . 
 she would continue her attacks , perhaps double them . 
 the domani would be trampled beneath the hooves of war , crushed between the invading trollocs to the north and the seanchan to the south . 
 and rand was leaving them . 
 somehow , the people realized that , and it was very hard for rand to look at them . 
 their hungry eyes accused him : why bring hope , then let it dry up , like a newly dug well during a drought ? 
 why force us to accept you as our ruler , only to abandon us ? 
 flinn and naeff had ridden before him ; he could see their black coats ahead as they sat their horses watching rand 's procession approach the city square . 
 the pins sparkled on their high collars . 
 the fountain in the square still flowed among gleaming copper horses leaping from copper waves . 
 which of those silent domani continued to shine the fountain , when no king ruled and half the merchant council was lost ? 
 rand 's aiel had n't been able to track down enough of the council to form a majority ; he suspected that graendal had killed or captured enough of them to keep a new king from ever being chosen . 
 if any of the merchant council members had been pretty enough , they 'd have joined the ranks of her pets-which meant that rand had killed them . 
 ah , lews therin said . 
 names i can add to the list . 
 yes ... . 
 bashere rode up beside rand , knuckling his mustaches , looking thoughtful . 
 `` your will is done , '' he said . 
 `` lady chadmar ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` returned to her mansion , '' bashere said . 
 `` we 've done the same with the other four members of the merchant council the aiel were holding near the city . '' 
 `` they understand what they are to do ? '' 
 `` yes , '' bashere said , sighing . 
 `` but i do n't think they 'll do it . 
 if you ask me , the moment we 're gone they 'll bolt from the city like thieves fleeing a prison once the guards leave . '' 
 rand gave no reaction . 
 he 'd ordered the merchant council to choose new members , then pick a king . 
 but bashere was probably right . 
 already , rand had reports from the other cities along the coast , where he 'd told his aiel to withdraw . 
 the city leaders were vanishing , running before the presumed seanchan assault . 
 arad doman , as a kingdom , was finished . 
 like a table laden with too much weight , it would soon collapse . 
 it is not my problem , rand thought , not looking at the people . 
 / did everything i could . 
 that was n't true . 
 though he 'd wanted to help the domani , his real reasons for coming had been to deal with the seanchan , to find out what had happened to the king , and to track down graendal . 
 not to mention to secure what he could of the borderlands . 
 `` what news from ituralde ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` nothing good , i 'm afraid , '' bashere said grimly . 
 `` he 's had skirmishes with trollocs , but you knew that already . 
 the shadowspawn always withdraw quickly , but he warns that something is gathering . 
 his scouts catch glimpses of forces large enough to overrun him . 
 if the trollocs are gathering there , then they 're likely gathering elsewhere as well . 
 particularly the gap . '' 
 curse those borderlanders ! 
 rand thought . 
 / will have to do something about them . 
 soon . 
 reaching the square , he reined in tai ` daishar and nodded to flinn and naeff . 
 at his signal , they each opened a large gateway in the city square . 
 rand had wanted to leave directly from lady chadmar 's mansion grounds , but that would have been to vanish like a thief , there one day and gone the next . 
 he would at least let the people see that he was leaving and know that they had been left to themselves . 
 they lined the boardwalks , much as they had when rand had first entered the city . 
 if possible , they were more quiet now than they had been . 
 women in their sleek gowns , men in colorful coats and ruffled sleeves beneath . 
 there were many without the coppery skin of the domani . 
 rand had lured so many to the city with promises of food . 
 time to go . 
 he approached one of the gateways , but a voice called out . 
 `` lord dragon ! '' 
 the voice was easy to hear , since the crowds were so silent . 
 rand turned in his saddle , seeking out the source of the voice . 
 a willowy man in a red domani coat-buttoned at the waist , open in a `` v '' up the front , with a ruffled shirt beneath . 
 his golden earrings sparkled as he elbowed his way through the crowd . 
 the aiel intercepted him , but rand recognized him as one of the dockmasters . 
 rand nodded for the aiel to let the man-iralin was his name-approach . 
 iralin hurried up to tai ` daishar . 
 he was uncharacteristically clean shaven for a domani man , and his eyes were shadowed from lack of sleep . 
 `` my lord dragon , '' the man said in a hushed voice , standing beside rand 's horse , `` the food ! 
 it has spoiled . '' 
 `` what food ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` all of it , '' the man said , voice taut . 
 `` every barrel , every sack , every bit in our stores and in the sea folk ships . 
 my lord ! 
 it 's not just full of weevils . 
 it 's grown black and bitter , and it makes men sick to eat it ! '' 
 `` all of it ? '' 
 he repeated , shocked . 
 `` everything , '' iralin said softly . 
 `` hundreds upon hundreds of barrels . 
 it happened suddenly , in the blink of an eye . 
 one moment , it was good , the next moment ... . 
 my lord , so many people have come to the city because they heard we had food ! 
 now we have nothing . 
 what will we do ? '' 
 rand closed his eyes . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 iralin asked . 
 rand opened his eyes and kicked tai ` daishar into motion . 
 he left the dockmaster behind , mouth open , and passed through the gateway . 
 there was nothing more rand could do . 
 nothing more he would do . 
 he put the coming starvation out of his mind . 
 it was shocking how easy that was . 
 bandar eban vanished , those too-silent people vanished . 
 the moment he passed through the gateway , cheers exploded from the waiting crowds . 
 it was so shocking , such a contrast , that rand pulled tai ` daishar up short , stunned . 
 tear spread before him . 
 this was one of the great cities , massive and sprawling , and the gateways opened directly into feaster 's run , one of the main city squares . 
 a short rank of asha ` man saluted with fists to chests . 
 rand had sent them on earlier in the morning to prepare the city for his arrival and clear the square for gateways . 
 the people continued their cheers . 
 thousands had gathered , and banners of light flapped atop dozens of poles held aloft by the crowd . 
 the adulation hit rand like a wave of reproach . 
 he did n't deserve such praise . 
 not after what he had done in arad doman . 
 must keep moving , he thought , kicking tai ` daishar into motion again . 
 the horse 's hooves fell on flagstones here , rather than rain-dampened dirt . 
 bandar eban was a large city , but tear was something else entirely . 
 streets snaked across the landscape , lined with buildings that most country folk would have called cramped , but that were ordinary to the tairens . 
 many of the peaked slate or tile roofs had men or boys perched on their edges , hoping for a better view of the lord dragon . 
 the building stones were a lighter hue here than they had been in bandar eban , and they were the preferred building material . 
 perhaps that was because of the fortress that loomed above the city . 
 the stone of tear , it was called . 
 a relic of a previous age , still impressive . 
 rand trotted forward , min and bashere still riding nearby . 
 those crowds roared . 
 so loud . 
 nearby , two flapping pendants got caught in the wind , and inexplicably entangled . 
 the men holding them aloft , near the front of the crowd , lowered them and tried to pull them apart , but they were knotted tight , somehow twisted that way by the wind . 
 rand passed them with barely any notice . 
 he 'd stopped feeling surprise at what his ta ` veren nature could do . 
 rand was surprised , however , to see so many foreigners in the crowd . 
 that was n't so unusual ; tear always saw a lot of outlanders-it welcomed those who would trade spices and silks from the east , porcelain from the seas , grains or tabac from the north , and stories from anywhere they could be gleaned . 
 however , rand had found that outlanders-no matter what the city-paid him less heed when he visited . 
 this was true even when those outlanders were from another country he had conquered . 
 when he was in cairhien , the cairhienin would fawn over him-but if he were in illian , the cairhienin would avoid him . 
 perhaps they did n't like being reminded that their lord and their enemy 's lord were the same man . 
 here , however , he had no trouble counting foreigners : sea folk with their dark skin and their loose , bright clothing ; murandians , in their long coats and waxed mustaches ; bearded illianers with upturned collars ; pale-faced cairhienin with stripes on their clothing . 
 there were also men and women who wore simple andoran wool . 
 fewer of the foreigners cheered than locals , but they were there , watchful . 
 bashere scanned the crowd . 
 `` the people seem surprised , '' rand found himself saying . 
 `` you 've been away for a time . '' 
 bashere knuckled his mustaches in thought . 
 `` no doubt the rumors have flown swifter than arrows , and many an innkeeper has spun tales of your death or disappearance to encourage another round of drinks . '' 
 `` light ! 
 i seem to spend half of my life trampling down one rumor or another . 
 when will it end ? '' 
 bashere laughed . 
 `` when you can stop rumor itself , i 'll get off my horse and ride a goat ! 
 ha ! 
 and become one of the sea folk as well . '' 
 rand fell silent . 
 his followers continued to pile through the gateways . 
 as the saldaeans entered tear , nearly to a man they held their lances up straighter , their horses prancing . 
 the aes sedai would n't be caught preening , but they did look less wilted , their ageless faces regarding the crowd with a sagacious manner . 
 and the aiel-their prowling steps a little less wary , their expressions less guarded-seemed more comfortable with the cheering than they had with those quiet , accusing domani eyes . 
 bashere and rand moved over to the side , min following silently . 
 she looked distracted . 
 nynaeve and cadsuane had not been in the mansion when rand had announced his departure . 
 what could they be up to ? 
 he doubted they were together ; those women barely tolerated being in the same room . 
 anyway , they would hear where he had gone , and they would find him . 
 from this point on , rand would be easy to locate . 
 no more hiding in wooded manors . 
 no more traveling alone . 
 not with lan and his malkieri riding to the gap . 
 there was n't enough time left . 
 bashere watched the open gateways , the aiel passing through on silent feet . 
 this method of voyaging was becoming familiar to them . 
 `` are you going to tell ituralde ? '' 
 bashere finally asked . 
 `` about your withdrawal ? '' 
 `` he will hear , '' rand said . 
 `` his messengers were ordered to bring reports to bandar eban . 
 they will soon discover i 'm no longer there . '' 
 `` and if he leaves the borderlands to resume his war against the sean-chan ? '' 
 `` then he 'll slow the seanchan down , '' rand said . 
 `` and keep them from nipping at my heels . 
 that will be as good a use for him as any . '' 
 bashere eyed him . 
 `` what do you expect me to do , bashere ? '' 
 rand asked quietly . 
 that look was a challenge , if a subtle one , but rand would not rise to it . 
 his anger remained frozen . 
 bashere sighed . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` this whole thing is a mess , and i do n't see any way out of it , man . 
 going to war with the seanchan at our backs , that 's as bad a position as i can think of . '' 
 `` i know , '' rand said , looking over the city . 
 `` tear will be theirs by the time this is through , probably illian as well . 
 burn me , but well be lucky if they do n't conquer all the way up to andor while our backs are turned . '' 
 `` but - '' `` we have to assume that ituralde will abandon his post once news of my failure reaches him . 
 that means our next move has to be toward the borderlander army . 
 whatever complaint your kinsmen have with me , it must be settled quickly . 
 i have little patience for men who abandon their duties . '' 
 have we done that ? 
 lews therin asked . 
 who have we abandoned ? 
 quiet ! 
 rand growled . 
 go back to your tears , madman , and leave me be ! 
 bashere leaned back thoughtfully in his saddle . 
 if he was thinking of rand abandoning the domani , he said nothing . 
 finally , he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know what tenobia is about . 
 could be as simple as her anger at me for leaving to follow you ; could be as difficult as a demand that you submit to the will of the borderlander monarchs . 
 i ca n't imagine what would draw her and the others away from the blight at a time like this . '' 
 `` we will soon find out , '' rand said . 
 `` i want you to take a couple of the asha ` man and find out where tenobia and the others are camped . 
 maybe we 'll discover they 've given up this fool 's parade and turned back toward where they belong . '' 
 `` all right , then , '' bashere said . 
 `` let me see my men settled and i 'll be off . '' 
 rand nodded sharply , then turned his mount and began to trot down the street . 
 the people were lined up on either side , ushering him onward . 
 the last time he had visited tear , he had tried to come in disguise , for all the good it had done him . 
 anyone who knew the signs would have known he was in the city . 
 unusual events-banners tying themselves together , men falling from buildings and landing unharmed-were only the beginning . 
 his ta ` veren effect seemed to be growing more powerful , causing increasingly greater distortions . 
 and more dangerous ones . 
 during his last visit , tear had been besieged by rebels , but the city had n't suffered . 
 tear had too much trade to be bothered by something as simple as a siege . 
 most people had lived as usual , barely acknowledging the rebels . 
 nobles could play their games , as long as they did n't disrupt more honest folks . 
 besides , everyone had known that the stone would hold , as it almost always had . 
 it might have been rendered obsolete by traveling , but for invaders who did n't have access to the one power , the stone was virtually impossible to take . 
 in and of itself , it was more massive than many cities-a gargantuan sprawl of walls , towers and sheer fortifications without a single seam in its rock . 
 it included forges , warehouses , thousands of defenders , and its own fortified dock . 
 none of that would be much use against an army of seanchan with damane and raken . 
 crowds lined the street up to the stone verge , the large open space that surrounded the stone on three sides . 
 it 's a killing field , lews therin said . 
 here , another crowd cheered rand . 
 the gates to the stone were open , and a welcoming delegation awaited him . 
 darlin-once a high lord , now king of tear-sat astride a brilliant white stallion . 
 shorter than rand by at least a head , the tairen had a short black beard and close-cropped hair . 
 his prominent nose kept him from being handsome , but rand had found him very keen of mind and of honor . 
 after all , darlin had opposed rand from the start , rather than joining those who had hastened to worship him . 
 a man whose allegiance was hard to win was often one whose allegiance would also be secure when he was out of your sight . 
 darlin bowed to rand . 
 pale-faced dobraine , dressed in a blue coat and white trousers , sat astride a roan gelding beside the king . 
 his expression was unreadable , though rand suspected he was still disappointed in being sent from arad doman so soon . 
 lines of defenders of the stone stood before the wall , swords held before them , breastplates and ridged helmets shined near to glowing . 
 their puffy sleeves were striped with black and gold , and above them waved the banner of tear , a half-red , half-gold field marked with three silver crescents . 
 rand could see that the square inside the wall was bursting with soldiers , many in the colors of the defenders , but many wearing no uniform beyond a strap of red and gold tied around their arms . 
 those would be the new recruits , the men rand had ordered darlin to gather . 
 it was a display to produce awe . 
 or perhaps to stroke a man 's pride . 
 rand stopped tai ` daishar before darlin . 
 unfortunately , the rooster weiramon accompanied the king , sitting his horse just behind darlin . 
 weiramon was so lacking in wits that rand would barely have trusted him to work a field unsupervised , let alone command a squad of troops . 
 true , the short man was brave , but that was likely only because he was too slow of thought to consider most dangers . 
 as always , weiramon looked even more the fool for attempting to style himself as anything other than a buffoon ; his beard was waxed , his hair was carefully arranged to hide just how much he was balding and his clothing was rich-a coat and breeches cut as if to be a field uniform , but no man would wear such fine cloth into battle . 
 no man but weiramon . 
 / like him , lews therin thought . 
 rand started . 
 you do n't like anyone ! 
 he 's honest , lews therin replied , then laughed . 
 more than i am , for certain ! 
 a man does n't choose to be an idiot , but he does choose to be loyal . 
 we could do much worse than have this man as a follower . 
 rand kept his tongue . 
 arguing with the madman was pointless . 
 lews therin made decisions without reason . 
 at least he was n't humming about a pretty woman again . 
 that could be distracting . 
 darlin and dobraine bowed to rand , weiramon mimicking them . 
 there were others behind the king , of course . 
 lady caraline was a given ; the slender cairhienin was as beautiful as rand remembered . 
 a white opal hung on her forehead , the golden chain woven into her dark hair . 
 rand had to force himself to look away . 
 she looked too much like her cousin , moiraine . 
 sure enough , lews therin started naming off the names on the list , moiraine at the forefront . 
 rand steeled himself , listening to the dead man in the back of his mind as he studied the rest of the group . 
 all of the remaining high lords and ladies of tear were there-atop their own mounts . 
 simpering anaiyella sat her bay horse beside weiramon . 
 and ... was she wearing a handkerchief favor bearing his colors ? 
 rand had thought her a little more discriminating than that . 
 torean had a smile on that lumpy face of his . 
 a pity that he was still alive when far better men among the high lords had died . 
 simaan , estanda , tedosian , hearne -- all four had opposed rand , leading the siege against the stone . 
 now they bowed to him . 
 alanna was there , too . 
 rand did n't look at her . 
 she was sorrowful , he could tell through their bond . 
 as well she should be . 
 `` my lord dragon , '' darlin said , straightening in his saddle , `` thank you for sending dobraine with your wishes . '' 
 his voice conveyed his displeasure . 
 he 'd rushed to gather an army at rand 's urgent command , and then rand had forced him to do nothing for weeks . 
 well , the men would be glad for the extra weeks of training soon . 
 `` the army is ready , '' darlin continued , hesitant . 
 `` we are prepared to leave for arad doman . '' 
 rand nodded . 
 he 'd originally intended to set darlin in arad doman so he could pull aiel and asha ` man out for placement elsewhere . 
 he turned , glancing back at the crowds , absently realizing why there were so many foreigners among them . 
 most of the nationals had been recruited for the army , and now stood in ranks inside the stone . 
 perhaps the people in the square and on the streets had n't been there to cheer rand 's arrival . 
 perhaps they thought they were cheering their departing armies off to victory . 
 `` you have done well , king darlin , '' rand said . 
 `` it 's about time someone in tear learned to obey orders . 
 i know your men are impatient , but they will have to wait a short time longer . 
 make rooms for me in the stone and see to quartering bashere 's soldiers and the aiel . '' 
 darlin 's confusion deepened . 
 `` very well . 
 are we not needed in arad doman , then ? '' 
 `` what arad doman needs , nobody can give , '' rand said . 
 `` your forces will be coming with me . '' 
 `` of course , my lord . 
 and ... where will we be marching ? '' 
 `` to shayol ghul . '' 
 chapter 43 sealed to the flame egwene sat quietly in her tent , hands in her lap . 
 she controlled her shock , her burning anger and her incredulity . 
 plump , pretty chesa sat silently on a cushion in the corner , sewing embroidery on the hem of one of egwene 's dresses , looking as content as a person could be , now that her mistress had returned . 
 the tent was secluded , set in its own grove within the aes sedai camp . 
 egwene had allowed no attendants besides chesa this morning . 
 she had even turned away siuan , who had undoubtedly come to offer some kind of apology . 
 egwene needed time to think , to prepare , to deal with her failure . 
 and it was a failure . 
 yes , it had been forced on her by others , but those others were her followers and friends . 
 they would know her anger for their part in this fiasco . 
 but first she needed to look inward , to judge what she should have done better . 
 she sat in her wooden chair , high-backed , with scrollwork patterns across the armrests . 
 her tent was as she had left it , desk orderly , blankets folded , pillows stacked in the corner , obviously kept dusted by chesa . 
 like a museum used to instruct children of days past . 
 egwene had been as forceful as possible with siuan during their meetings in tel ` aran ` rhiod , and yet they 'd still come against her wishes . 
 perhaps she had been too secretive . 
 it was a danger-secrecy . 
 it was what had pulled down siuan . 
 the woman 's time as head of the blue ajah 's eyes-and-ears had taught her to be parsimonious with information , doling it out like a stingy employer on payday . 
 if the others had known the importance of siuan 's work , perhaps they would n't have decided to work against her . 
 egwene ran her fingers along the smooth , tightly woven pouch she wore tied to her belt . 
 inside was a long , thin item , retrieved secretly from the white tower earlier in the morning . 
 had she fallen into the same trap as siuan ? 
 it was a danger . 
 she had been trained by siuan , after all . 
 if egwene had explained in more detail how well her work in the white tower was going , would the others have stayed their hands ? 
 it was a difficult line to walk . 
 there were many secrets that an amyr-lin had to hold . 
 to be transparent would be to lose her edge of authority . 
 but with siuan herself , egwene should have been more forthcoming . 
 the woman was too accustomed to taking action on her own . 
 the way she had kept that dream ter ` angreal against the hall 's knowledge and wishes was an indication of that . 
 yet egwene had approved of that , unconsciously encouraging siuan to defy authority . 
 yes , egwene had made mistakes . 
 she could not lay all the blame on siuan , bryne and gawyn . 
 she had likely made other mistakes as well ; she would need to look at her own actions in more detail later . 
 for now , she turned her attention to a greater problem . 
 disaster had struck . 
 she 'd been pulled from the white tower on the brink of success . 
 what was to be done ? 
 she did not get up and pace in thought . 
 to pace was to show nervousness or frustration , and she had to learn to be reserved at all times , lest she unwittingly fall into bad habits . 
 so she remained seated , arms on the hand rests , wearing a fine silken gown of green with yellow patterns on the bodice . 
 how odd it felt to be in that skirt . 
 how wrong . 
 her white dresses , though forced upon her , had become something of a symbol of defiance . 
 to change now meant an end to her strike . 
 she was tired , emotionally and physically , from the night 's battle . 
 but she could n't give in to that . 
 this would n't be her first near-sleepless night before a very important day of decisions and problems . 
 she found herself tapping her armrest and forced herself to stop . 
 there was no way she could return to the white tower as a novice now . 
 her defiance had worked only because she had been a captive amyrlin . 
 if she went back willingly , she would be seen as subservient , or as arrogant . 
 besides , elaida would certainly have her executed this time . 
 and so she was stuck , just as she had been when she 'd first been taken by the white tower 's agents . 
 she gritted her teeth . 
 she 'd once thought , mistakenly , that the amyrlin would n't be so easily tossed about by random twists in the pattern . 
 she was supposed to be in control . 
 everyone else spent their days reacting , but the amyrlin was a woman of action ! 
 she was realizing more and more that being the amyrlin was n't different . 
 life was a tempest , whether you were a milkmaid or a queen . 
 the queens were simply better at projecting control in the middle of that storm . 
 if egwene looked like a statue unaffected by the winds , it was actually because she saw how to bend with those winds . 
 that gave the illusion of control . 
 no . 
 it was not just an illusion . 
 the amyrlin did have more control , if only because she controlled herself and kept the tempest outside her . 
 she swayed before the needs of the moment , but her actions were well-considered . 
 she had to be as logical as a white , as thoughtful as a brown , as passionate as a blue , as decisive as a green , as merciful as a yellow , as diplomatic as a gray . 
 and yes , as vengeful as a red , when necessary . 
 there was no returning to the white tower as a novice , and she could n't wait for negotiations . 
 not with the seanchan bold enough to strike the white tower , not with rand completely unwatched , not with the world in chaos and the shadow gathering its forces for the last battle . 
 that left her with a difficult decision . 
 she had a fresh army of fifty thousand troops , and the white tower had suffered an incredible blow . 
 the aes sedai would be exhausted , the tower guard broken and wounded . 
 in a few days ' time , the healings would be finished and the women rested . 
 she did n't know if elaida had survived the attack or not , but egwene had to assume she was still in control . 
 that gave egwene a very narrow window for action . 
 she knew what the only right decision was . 
 she did n't have time to wait for the sisters in the white tower to make the right decision , she would have to force them to accept her . 
 she hoped that history would eventually forgive her . 
 she rose , threw open the flaps of her tent , and stopped dead . 
 a man was sitting on the ground directly in front of her . 
 gawyn scrambled to his feet , every bit as handsome as she remembered . 
 he was n't beautiful , like his half-brother . 
 gawyn was more solid , more real . 
 strikingly , that now made him more attractive to egwene than galad . 
 galad was like a being from beyond reality , a figure of legends and stories . 
 he was like a glass statue to be placed on a table for admiration , but never touched . 
 gawyn was different . 
 handsome , with that brilliant reddish gold hair and those tender eyes . 
 while galad never worried about anything , gawyn 's concern made him genuine . 
 as did his ability to make mistakes , unfortunately . 
 `` egwene , '' he said , righting his sword and dusting off his trouser legs . 
 light ! 
 had he slept there in front of her tent ? 
 the sun was already halfway to its zenith . 
 the man should have gone to take some rest ! 
 egwene squelched her concern and worry for him . 
 it was not time to be a lovesick girl . 
 it was time to be amyrlin . 
 `` gawyn , '' she said , raising a hand , stopping him as he stepped toward her . 
 `` i have n't begun to think about what to do with you . 
 other matters demand my attention . 
 has the hall gathered , as i requested ? '' 
 `` i think so , '' he said , turning to glance toward the center of camp . 
 she could just barely make out the large gathering tent of the hall through the scrub trees . 
 `` then i must appear before them , '' egwene said , taking a deep breath . 
 she began to walk forward . 
 `` no , '' gawyn said , stepping in front of her . 
 `` egwene , we need to talk . '' 
 `` later . '' 
 `` no , not later , burn it ! 
 i 've waited months . 
 i need to know how we stand . 
 i need to know if you - '' `` stop ! '' 
 she said . 
 he froze . 
 she would not be taken in by those eyes , burn him ! 
 not right now . 
 `` i said that i had n't sorted through my feelings yet , '' she said coolly , `` and i meant it . '' 
 he set his jaw . 
 `` i do n't believe that aes sedai calmness , egwene , '' he said . 
 `` not when your eyes are so much more truthful . 
 i 've sacrificed - '' `` you 've sacrificed ? '' 
 egwene interrupted , letting a little anger show . 
 `` what about what i sacrificed to rebuild the white tower ? 
 sacrifices that you undermined by acting against my express wishes ? 
 did siuan not tell you that i had forbidden a rescue ? '' 
 `` she did , '' he said stiffly . 
 `` but we were worried about you ! '' 
 `` well , that worry was the sacrifice i demanded , gawyn , '' she said , exasperated . 
 `` do n't you see what a distrust you have shown me ? 
 how can i trust you if you will disobey me in order to feel more comfortable ? '' 
 gawyn did n't look ashamed ; he just looked perturbed . 
 that was actually a good sign-as amyrlin , she needed a man who would speak his mind . 
 in private . 
 but in public she 'd need someone who supported her . 
 could n't he see that ? 
 `` you love me , egwene , '' he said stubbornly . 
 `` i can see it . '' 
 `` egwene the woman loves you , '' she said . 
 `` but egwene the amyrlin is furious with you . 
 gawyn , if you 'd be with me , you have to be with both the woman and the amyrlin . 
 i would expect you-a man who was trained to be first prince of the sword-to understand that distinction . '' 
 gawyn looked away . 
 `` you do n't believe it , do you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that i 'm amyrlin , '' she said . 
 `` you do n't accept my title . '' 
 `` i 'm trying to , '' he said as he looked back at her . 
 `` but bloody ashes , egwene . 
 when we parted you were just an accepted , and that was n't so long ago . 
 now they 've named you amyrlin ? 
 i do n't know what to think . '' 
 `` and you ca n't see how your uncertainty undermines anything we could have together ? '' 
 `` i can change . 
 but you have to help me . '' 
 `` which is why i wanted to talk later , '' she said . 
 `` are you going to let me pass ? '' 
 he stepped aside with obvious reluctance . 
 `` we 're not finished with this talk , '' he warned . 
 `` i 've finally made up my mind about something , and i do n't intend to stop chasing it until i have it . '' 
 `` fine , '' egwene said , passing him . 
 `` i ca n't think about that now . 
 i have to go order people i care about to slaughter another group of people i care about . '' 
 `` you 'll do it , then ? '' 
 gawyn said from behind . 
 `` there 's speculation in camp ; i heard it though i barely left this place all morning . 
 some think you 'll command bryne to assault the city . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` it would be a shame if it happened , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't care a whit about tar valon , but i think i know what it would do to you to attack it . '' 
 she turned back to him . 
 `` i will do what must be done , gawyn , '' she said , meeting his eyes . 
 `` for the good of the aes sedai and the white tower . 
 even if it is painful . 
 even if it tears me apart inside . 
 i will do it if it needs to be done . 
 always . '' 
 he nodded slowly . 
 she headed for the pavilion at the center of camp . 
 `` this was your fault , jesse , '' adelorna said . 
 her eyes were still red ; she 'd lost a warder the night before . 
 she was one of many . 
 but she was also tough as a feral hound , and was obviously determined not to let her pain show . 
 jesse bilal warmed her hands on her cup of gooseberry tea , refusing to let herself be goaded . 
 adelorna 's question had been inevitable . 
 and perhaps jesse deserved the reprimand . 
 of course , they all deserved it , in one way or another . 
 except perhaps for tsutama , who had n't been an ajah head at the time . 
 that was part of why the woman had n't been invited to this particular meeting . 
 that , and the fact that the red ajah was n't in good favor with the others at the moment . 
 the small , cramped room was barely large enough for five chairs and the small potbellied stove at the wall , radiating a calm warmth . 
 there was n't room for a table , let alone a hearth . 
 just enough space for five women . 
 the most powerful women in the world . 
 and the five most foolish , it seemed . 
 they were a sorry sisterhood this morning , the morning following the greatest disaster in the history of the white tower . 
 jesse glanced at the woman beside her . 
 ferane neheran-first reasoner of the white - was a small , stout woman who , oddly in a white , often seemed more temper than logic . 
 today was one of those times : she sat scowling , her arms folded . 
 she 'd refused a cup of tea . 
 next to her was suana dragand , first weaver of the yellow ajah . 
 she was a lanky thing , all bones and skin , but had an unyielding demeanor . 
 adelorna , the one to make the accusation against jesse , was beside her . 
 who could blame the captain-general for her spitefulness ? 
 she who had been birched by elaida , and who had last night suffered near death at the hands of the seanchan ? 
 the slim woman looked uncharacteristically disheveled . 
 her hair was pulled back in a serviceable bun , and her pale dress was wrinkled . 
 the last woman in the room was serancha colvine , head clerk of the gray ajah . 
 she had light brown hair and a pinched face ; she looked perpetually as if she 'd tasted something very sour . 
 the trait seemed more manifest today than usual . 
 `` she has a point , jesse , '' ferane said , her logical tone a contrast with her obvious pique . 
 `` you were the one to suggest this course of action . '' '' 
 ` suggest ' is a strong word . '' 
 jesse took a sip of her drink . 
 `` i simply mentioned that in some of the ... more private tower records , there are accounts of times when the ajah heads ruled instead of the amyrlin . '' 
 the thirteenth depository was known to the ajah heads , though they could not visit it unless they were also sitters . 
 that did n't stop most of them from sending sitters to gather information from it for them . 
 `` i may have been the messenger , but that is often the role of the brown . 
 you all were not so hesitant as to be forced into this course of action . '' 
 there were a few sideways glances at that , and the women found opportunity to study their tea . 
 yes , they were all implicated , and they understood it . 
 jesse would not take the blame for this disaster . 
 `` there is little use in assigning blame . '' 
 suana attempted to be soothing , though her voice was laced with bitterness . 
 `` i wo n't be deflected so easily , '' adelorna growled . 
 some reacted to the loss of a warder with sadness , others with anger . 
 there was little doubt which was adelorna 's way . 
 `` a grave , grave error has been made . 
 the white tower burns , the amyrlin has been captured by invaders , and the dragon reborn still walks the earth unfettered . 
 the entire world will soon know of our disgrace ! '' 
 `` and what good will it to do to blame one another ? '' 
 suana replied . 
 `` are we so childish that we will spend this meeting squabbling about which one of us will hang , in a useless attempt to evade our responsibility ? '' 
 jesse gave quiet thanks for the bony yellow 's words . 
 of course , suana had been the first of the ajah heads to agree to jesse 's plan . 
 so she 'd be next in line for the metaphorical hanging . 
 `` she has a point . '' 
 serancha took a sip of her tea . 
 `` we must make peace among ourselves . 
 the tower needs leadership , and we 're not going to get it from the hall . '' 
 `` that 's partly our fault as well , '' ferane admitted , looking sick . 
 it was . 
 it had seemed like a brilliant plan . 
 the division of the tower , the departure of so many in rebellion and the raising of a new amyrlin , had not been their fault . 
 but it had presented several opportunities . 
 the first had been the easiest to take hold of : send sitters to the rebels to steer them and hasten a reconciliation . 
 the most youthful of sitters had been chosen , their replacements in the tower intended to serve only a short time . 
 the ajah heads had been certain this ripple of a rebellion could be easily smoothed over . 
 they had n't taken it seriously enough . 
 that had been their first mistake . 
 the second was more dire . 
 there were indeed times in the past where the ajah heads-not the amyrlin seat or the hall of the tower - had led the aes sedai . 
 it had been done secretly , of course , but it had been very successful . 
 why , the reign of cemaile sorenthaine would have been a complete disaster if the ajah heads had n't stepped in . 
 this had seemed like a similar occasion . 
 the days of the last battle 's approach were a special time , requiring special attention . 
 attention from women of sound , rational minds and great experience . 
 women who could speak together in confidence and decide on the best course , avoiding the arguments that the hall got into . 
 `` where did we go wrong , do you think ? '' 
 serancha asked quietly . 
 the women fell silent . 
 none of them wanted to admit outright that the plan had backfired . 
 adelorna settled back in her chair , arms folded , smoldering but no longer flinging out accusations . 
 `` it was elaida , '' ferane said . 
 `` she was n't ever ... very logical . '' 
 `` she was a bloody disaster is what she was , '' adelorna muttered . 
 `` it was more than that , '' jesse admitted . 
 `` directly choosing sitters we could control to replace those sent to the rebels was a good decision , but perhaps too obvious . 
 the women of our own ajahs became suspicious ; i know of several comments made by women of the brown . 
 we are not so oblivious as others would like to think us . '' 
 serancha nodded . 
 `` it smelled of conspiracy , '' she said . 
 `` that made the women less trusting . 
 and then there were the rebels . 
 far more difficult to control than presumed . '' 
 the women nodded . 
 they , like jesse , had assumed that with proper direction , the rebels would find their way back to the tower and ask forgiveness . 
 this division should have ended with no more damage than a few bruised egos . 
 but they had n't counted on how resilient , or effective , the rebels would be . 
 a full army , appearing on the shores around tar valon in the middle of a snowstorm ? 
 led by one of the greatest military minds of the age ? 
 with a new amyrlin and a frustratingly effective siege ? 
 who could have expected it ? 
 and some of the sitters they had sent had begun siding with the rebels more than the white tower ! 
 we never should have let elaida disband the blue ajah , jesse thought . 
 the blues might have been willing to come back , had it not happened . 
 but it was such a dishonor that they dug in . 
 light only knew how dangerous that was ; the histories were filled with accounts of how dogged the blues could be at getting their way , particularly when they were forced into a corner . 
 `` i think it is time to admit that there is no hope to save our plans , '' suana said . 
 `` are we agreed ? '' 
 `` agreed , '' adelorna said . 
 one by one , the sisters nodded their heads , and so did jesse herself . 
 even in this room , it was difficult to admit fault . 
 but it was time to cut their losses and begin rebuilding . 
 `` this has its own problems , '' serancha said , voice more calm now . 
 the other women looked more assured as well . 
 they did n't trust one another , these five , but they were far closer to doing so than any other group with any authority in the hall . 
 `` care must be taken , '' ferane added . 
 `` the division must be mended . '' 
 `` the rebellion was against elaida , '' adelorna said . 
 `` if she is no longer amyrlin , then what is there to rebel against ? '' 
 `` so we abandon her ? '' 
 jesse asked . 
 `` she deserves it , '' adelorna said . 
 `` she said time and time again that seanchan were no threat . 
 well , now she is paying for her foolishness firsthand . '' 
 `` elaida is beyond rescue , '' ferane added . 
 `` the hall has already discussed this . 
 the amyrlin is buried somewhere in a mass of seanchan captives , and we have neither the resources nor the information for a rescue . '' 
 not to mention our total lack of desire , jesse added to herself . 
 many of the sitters who had brought those points before the hall were ones who had been sent to penance by elaida . 
 jesse was n't one of those , but she did agree that elaida had earned her reward , if only for the way she had driven the ajahs to one another 's throats . 
 `` then we need a replacement , '' serancha said . 
 `` but who ? '' 
 `` it has to be someone strong , '' suana said . 
 `` but someone cautious , unlike elaida . 
 someone whom the sisters can rally around . '' 
 `` what about saerin asnobar ? '' 
 jesse asked . 
 `` she has shown uncanny wisdom of late , and she is well liked . '' 
 `` of course you 'd choose a brown , '' adelorna said . 
 `` and why not ? '' 
 jesse said , taken aback . 
 `` you all heard , i think , how well she did assuming command during the attack last night ? '' 
 `` seaine herimon led her own pocket of resistance , '' ferane said . 
 `` i should think this would be a time for a woman to lead who is of an unemotional temperament . 
 someone who can provide rational guidance . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' suana said . 
 `` whites are too emotionless ; we do n't want to alienate sisters , we want to bring them together . 
 heal them ! 
 why , a yellow - '' `` you 're all forgetting something , '' serancha interjected . 
 `` what is needed now ? 
 a reconciliation . 
 the gray ajah is the one that has spent centuries practicing the art of negotiation . 
 who better to deal with a divided tower , and the dragon reborn himself ? '' 
 adelorna gripped the armrests of her chair and straightened her back . 
 the others were growing tense as well . 
 as adelorna opened her mouth to speak , jesse cut her off . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 she interjected . 
 `` are we just going to squabble as the hall has been doing all morning ? 
 each ajah offering its own members , and the others summarily rejecting them ? '' 
 the room fell silent again . 
 it was true ; the hall had been in session for hours and had only just gone into a short recess . 
 no one ajah was close to getting enough support for one of its candidates . 
 the sitters would not stand for anyone not of their own ajah ; there was too much animosity between them . 
 light , but this was a mess ! 
 `` ideally , it should be one of us five , '' ferane said . 
 `` that makes sense . '' 
 the five looked at each other , and jesse could read their answers to that in their eyes . 
 they were the ajah heads , the most powerful women in the world . 
 right now , they were balanced in power , and while they trusted each other more than most , there was no way any of them would allow the elevation of another ajah head to the amyrlin seat . 
 it would give the woman far too much power . 
 after the failure of their plan , trust was wearing very thin . 
 `` if we do n't decide soon , '' suana noted , `` the hall may take the decision from us . '' 
 `` bah . '' 
 adelorna waved a hand . 
 `` they 're so divided they ca n't agree on what color the sky is . 
 the sitters have no idea what they 're doing . '' 
 `` at least some of us did n't choose sitters who were years too young to be placed in the hall , '' ferane said . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 adelorna said . 
 `` and you got around that how , ferane ? 
 by choosing yourself as a sitter ? '' 
 ferane 's eyes widened with rage . 
 it was not a good idea to rile that woman 's temper . 
 `` we all made mistakes , '' jesse said quickly . 
 `` many sisters we chose were odd . 
 we wanted women who would do exactly as we said , but instead we got a group of squabbling brats with inflated opinions of themselves , too immature for more temperate minds to influence . '' 
 adelorna and ferane made a point of not looking at each other . 
 `` this still leaves us with a problem , '' suana said . 
 `` we need an amyrlin . 
 healing must begin quickly , whatever the cost . '' 
 serancha shook her head . 
 `` i honestly ca n't think of a single woman that a sufficient number of sitters would support . '' 
 `` i can , '' adelorna said softly . 
 `` she was mentioned in the hall several times today . 
 you know of whom i speak . 
 she is young , and her circumstances are unusual , but everything is unusual at the moment . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' suana said , frowning . 
 `` she was mentioned , yes , but by those whose motives i do n't trust . '' 
 `` saerin seems quite taken with her , '' jesse admitted . 
 `` she 's too young , '' serancha said . 
 `` were n't we just berating ourselves for choosing sitters who lacked the necessary experience ? '' 
 `` she is young , yes , '' ferane noted , `` but you have to admit , there 's a certain ... flair to her . 
 i hardly think that anyone in the tower stood up to elaida as effectively as she . 
 and while in such a position as she was , no less ! '' 
 `` you 've heard the reports of her actions during the attack , '' adelorna said . 
 `` i can confirm that they are true . 
 i was there with her for most of it . '' 
 jesse started at this . 
 she had n't realized that adelorna had been on the twenty-second level during the fighting . 
 `` surely some of what was said is exaggeration . '' 
 adelorna shook her head grimly . 
 `` no . 
 it is n't . 
 it sounds incredible ... but it ... well , it happened . 
 all of it . '' 
 `` the novices all but worship her , '' ferane said . 
 `` if the sitters will not stand for someone of another ajah , what of a woman who never picked an ajah ? 
 a woman who has some experience-however unjustified-in holding the very position we are discussing ? '' 
 jesse found herself nodding . 
 but how had the young rebel gained such respect from ferane and adelorna ? 
 `` i am uncertain , '' suana said . 
 `` it seems like another rash decision . '' 
 `` did n't you yourself say that we had to heal the tower , no matter what the cost ? '' 
 adelorna asked . 
 `` can you honestly think of a better way to bring the rebels back to us ? '' 
 she turned to serancha . 
 `` what is the best method of appeasing an offended party ? 
 would it not be to give some ground to them , acknowledge what they have done right ? '' 
 `` she has a point , '' suana admitted . 
 she grimaced , then downed the rest of her tea in one gulp . 
 `` light , but she 's right , serancha . 
 we have to do it . '' 
 the gray looked at each of them in turn . 
 `` you are n't foolish enough to assume this woman will be led by the nose , are you ? 
 i wo n't stand for this if we 're simply trying to create another puppet . 
 that plan failed . 
 it failed miserably . '' 
 `` i doubt we 'll find ourselves in that situation again , '' ferane said , smiling faintly . 
 `` this one ... is not the type to be bullied . 
 just look at how she dealt with elaida 's restrictions . '' 
 `` yes , '' jesse found herself saying , to her own surprise . 
 `` sisters , if we agree to this , it will end our dream of ruling from the shadows . 
 for better or worse , we 'll be setting up an amyrlin of strength . '' 
 `` i , for one , '' adelorna said , `` think that 's a splendid idea . 
 it 's been too long . '' 
 one by one , the others agreed . 
 siuan stood , unmoving , beneath the boughs of a small oak . 
 the tree had been engulfed by the camp , and its shade had become a favored location for accepted and novices taking lunches . 
 there were none doing so at the moment ; the sisters , showing remarkably good judgment this time , had set them tasks to keep them from congregating around the tent where the hall was meeting . 
 and so siuan stood alone , watching as sheriam pulled the flaps to the large pavilion closed . 
 she was able to attend now that egwene was back . 
 it was easy to sense when the ward against eavesdropping was woven , sealing the meeting to the flame and excluding prying ears . 
 a hand fell on siuan 's shoulder . 
 she did n't jump ; she 'd sensed bryne approaching . 
 the general walked with stealth , although there was no need . 
 he was going to make an excellent warder . 
 he stepped up beside her , hand still comfortably on her shoulder , and she allowed herself the luxury of taking just a small step closer to him . 
 his height and sturdiness felt good beside her . 
 like knowing that though the sky stormed and the sea raged , your hull was caulked and your sail crafted of the strongest cloth . 
 `` what do you think she will tell them ? '' 
 bryne asked , his voice subdued . 
 `` i honestly have no idea . 
 she could call for my stilling , i suppose . '' 
 `` i doubt that she will , '' bryne asked . 
 `` she is not the vengeful type . 
 besides , she knows that you did what you felt you had to . 
 for her own good . '' 
 siuan grimaced . 
 `` nobody likes being disobeyed , least of all the amyrlin . 
 i will pay for last night , bryne . 
 you 're right that it probably wo n't be in a public way , but i worry that i 've lost the girl 's trust . '' 
 `` and was it worth the cost ? '' 
 `` yes , '' siuan said . 
 `` she did n't reali2e how close this band was to slipping away from her . 
 and we could n't know that she 'd be safe within the tower during the attack . 
 if there 's one thing my time in the white tower taught me , it 's that there is a time for gathering and planning , but one also has to act . 
 you ca n't always wait for certainty . '' 
 she could feel bryne 's smile through the bond . 
 light , but it was good to have a warder again . 
 she had n't realized how much she 'd missed that comforting knot of emotions in the back of her mind . 
 that stability . 
 men thought differently from women , and things she found complicated and baffling , bryne saw as straightforward and simple . 
 make your decision and go . 
 there was a helpful clarity to his way of reasoning . 
 not that he was simple-just less inclined to regret decisions he 'd already made . 
 `` and what of the other costs ? '' 
 bryne added . 
 she could feel his hesitation , his worry . 
 she turned to him , smiling in amusement . 
 `` you 're a fool , gareth bryne . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` bonding you was never a cost , '' she said . 
 `` whatever else happens because of this fiasco , that aspect of the night 's events were pure profit on my part . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` well , i 'll have to make extra certain that my second ^ demand is more unreasonable , then . '' 
 fish guts , siuan thought . 
 she 'd almost forgotten about that . 
 burning unlikely that bryne would , though . 
 `` and when , precisely , are you going to make this unreasonable demand of me ? '' 
 he did n't respond immediately , instead looking down at her , rubbing his chin . 
 `` you know , '' he said , `` i think i actually understand you now , siuan sanche . 
 you are a woman of honor . 
 it 's just that nobody else 's requirements of you can ever be more harsh or more demanding than your own requirements of yourself . 
 you owe such a self-imposed debt to your own sense of duty that i doubt any mortal being could pay it back . '' 
 `` you make me sound centered on myself , '' she said . 
 `` at least i 'm not comparing you to a boar again . '' 
 `` so you do think i 'm self-centered ! '' 
 she said . 
 burn him ! 
 he could probably sense that she was actually bothered by his statement , rather than making argument for the sake of it . 
 burn him again ! 
 `` you 're a driven woman , siuan sanche , '' he said . 
 `` driven to save the world from itself . 
 that 's how you can shrug off an oath or an order so easily . '' 
 siuan took a deep breath . 
 `` this conversation grew very tedious very quickly , gareth bryne . 
 are you going to tell me that other demand , or are you going to make me wait ? '' 
 he studied her stone face thoughtfully . 
 `` well , frankly , i 'm planning to demand that you marry me . '' 
 she blinked in surprise . 
 light ! 
 the bond said that he was honest . 
 `` but only after you feel the world can care for itself . 
 i wo n't agree to it before then , siuan . 
 you 've given your life to something . 
 i 'll see that you survive through it ; i hope that once you 're done , you 'll be willing to give your life to something else instead . '' 
 she reined in her shock . 
 she would n't let a fool man make her speechless . 
 `` well , '' she forced herself to say . 
 `` i see you have some sense after all . 
 we shall see if i agree to this ` demand ' of yours or not . 
 i will think on it . '' 
 bryne chuckled as she turned around to regard the pavilion , waiting for egwene 's reappearance . 
 he could sense the truth from inside her , just as she could sense it from him . 
 light ! 
 now she knew why greens married their warders so often . 
 feeling his affection for her while she felt the same for him made her giddy . 
 he was a fool of a man . 
 and she no less a fool of a woman . 
 she shook her head ruefully , but she did let herself lean back against him softly as they waited , and he replaced his hand on her shoulder . 
 soft , not forceful . 
 willing to wait . 
 he did understand her . 
 egwene stood before a group of smooth faces that were far too good at hiding their anxiety . 
 by custom , she had ordered kwamesa to weave the ward against eavesdropping , as the sharp-nosed gray was the youngest among the sitters in the large tent . 
 it looked almost empty with so few places taken . 
 a dozen women , two from each ajah-there would have been three of each , but the ajahs had all sent one sitter with the envoy to the black tower . 
 the grays had already replaced delana with naorisa cambral . 
 twelve sitters , along with egwene and one other . 
 egwene did not look at sheriam , who sat in her place to the side . 
 sheriam had seemed troubled as she entered . 
 did she realize what egwene knew ? 
 she could n't . 
 if she had , she 'd never have come to the meeting . 
 still , knowing she was there-and knowing what she was-made egwene nervous . 
 in the chaos of the seanchan attack , siuan had n't been able to watch sheriam . 
 why did the keeper wear a bandage on her left hand ? 
 egwene did n't believe her excuse of an accident while riding , her little finger getting caught in her reins . 
 why had she refused healing ? 
 blast siuan ! 
 instead of watching sheriam , she 'd come to kidnap egwene ! 
 the hall grew still , the women waiting to see what egwene 's response would be to her `` freedom . '' 
 romanda , gray-streaked hair up in a bun , sat primly in a yellow dress . 
 she oozed satisfaction , while lelaine - on the opposite side of the room-sulked while trying to act pleased at egwene 's return . 
 after what egwene had been through in the white tower , this squabbling felt ridiculously petty . 
 egwene took a deep breath , then embraced the source . 
 it felt so good ! 
 no bitter forkroot to squeeze her power to a trickle , no need to reach through other women to lend her strength . 
 no need for a sa'angreal . 
 sweet though the fluted wand 's power had been , being strong in and of herself was even more satisfying . 
 several of the women frowned at the action , and not a few of them embraced the source themselves , as if by reflex , looking about as if for danger . 
 `` there will be no need for that , '' egwene said to the women . 
 `` not yet . 
 please release the source . '' 
 they were hesitant , but-ostensibly-they accepted her as amyrlin . 
 one by one their power winked away . 
 egwene did not release it herself . 
 `` i am very glad to see that you returned safely , mother , '' lelaine said . 
 she skirted the three oaths by adding the word `` safely . '' 
 `` thank you , '' egwene said calmly . 
 `` you said that there were important revelations to make , '' varilin added . 
 `` is this regarding the seanchan attack ? '' 
 egwene reached to the pouch on her skirt and pulled its contents free . 
 a smooth white rod with the numeral three inscribed on it in the script of the age of legends , near the base . 
 there were several gasps . 
 egwene wove spirit into the rod , then spoke in a clear voice . 
 `` i vow that i will speak no word that is not true . '' 
 she felt the oath fall over her like a physical thing , her skin growing tighter , prickling . 
 it was easy to ignore ; the pain was nothing compared with what she had been through . 
 `` i vow that i will make no weapon for one man to kill another . 
 i vow that i will never use the one power as a weapon except against darkfriends and shadowspawn , or in the last extreme of defending my life or that of my warder or of another sister . '' 
 the hall was silent . 
 egwene released her weave . 
 her skin felt so odd ! 
 as if someone had pinched the excess up at the base of her neck and along her spine , yanking it and binding it in place . 
 `` let it no longer be thought that i can avoid keeping the three oaths , '' egwene announced . 
 `` let it no longer be breathed that i am not fully aes sedai . '' 
 none of them said anything about her not having taken the test to gain the shawl . 
 she would see to that another day . 
 `` and now that you 've seen me use the oath rod and know that i can not lie , i will tell you something . 
 during my time in the white tower , a sister came to me and confided that she was black ajah . '' 
 the women 's eyes bulged , and several gasped quietly . 
 `` yes , '' egwene said . 
 `` i know we do n't like to speak of them , but can any of us honestly claim that the black ajah does not exist ? 
 can you hold to the oaths while saying that you 've never considered the possibility - even the likelihood-of there being darkfriends among us ? '' 
 nobody dared to . 
 the tent felt hot despite the early hour . 
 stuffy . 
 none of them sweated , of course-they knew the age-old trick of avoiding that . 
 `` yes , '' egwene said , `` it is shameful , but it is a truth that we-as the leaders of our people-must admit . 
 not in public ; but among ourselves there is no avoiding it . 
 i have seen firsthand what distrust and quiet politicking can do to a people . 
 i will not see the same disease infect us here . 
 we are of different ajahs , but we are single in purpose . 
 we need to know that we can trust one another implicitly , because there is very little else in this world that can be trusted . '' 
 egwene looked down at the oath rod , which she 'd fetched early in the morning from saerin . 
 she rubbed her thumb on it . 
 / wish you 'd been able to find this when you visited , verin , she thought . 
 perhaps it would n't have saved you , but i would have liked to try , i could use your aid . 
 egwene looked up . 
 `` i am not a darkfriend , '' she announced to the room . 
 `` and you know it can not be a lie . '' 
 the sitters looked perplexed . 
 well , they would soon see the point . 
 `` it is time for us to prove ourselves , '' egwene said . 
 `` some clever women in the white tower hit upon this idea , and i intend to expand it . 
 we will each in turn use the oath rod to release ourselves from the three oaths , then reswear them in turn . 
 once we are all bound , we will be able to promise that we are not servants of - '' sheriam embraced the source . 
 egwene had been anticipating that . 
 she slammed a shield between sheriam and the source , causing the woman to gasp . 
 berana cried out in shock , and several other women embraced the source , looking this way and that . 
 egwene turned and met sheriam 's eyes . 
 the woman 's face was nearly as red as her hair , and she was breathing in and out quickly . 
 like a captured rabbit , its leg in a snare , eyes wide with fright . 
 she clutched her bandaged hand . 
 oh , sberiam , egwene thought . 
 / had hoped that verin was wrong about you . 
 `` egwene ? '' 
 sheriam asked uncomfortably . 
 `` i was just - '' egwene stepped forward . 
 `` are you black ajah , sheriam ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 of course not ! '' 
 `` do you consort with the forsaken ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 sheriam said , glancing to the sides . 
 `` do you serve the dark one ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` have you been released from your oaths ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` do you have red hair ? '' 
 `` of course not , i never - '' she froze . 
 and thank you for that trick as well , verin , egwene thought with a mental sigh . 
 the tent grew very , very still . 
 `` i misspoke , of course , '' sheriam said , sweating nervously . 
 `` i did n't know what question i was answering . 
 i ca n't lie , of course . 
 none of us can ... . '' 
 she trailed off as egwene held out the oath rod . 
 `` prove it , sheriam . 
 the woman who came to me in the tower gave me your name as a leader among the black ajah . '' 
 sheriam met egwene 's eyes . 
 `` ah , then , '' the woman said softly , eyes mournful . 
 `` who was it , now , who came to you ? '' 
 `` verin mathwin . '' 
 `` well , well , '' sheriam said , settling back on her chair . 
 `` never expected it of her , i 'll say . 
 how did she get past the oaths to the great lord ? '' 
 `` she drank poison , '' egwene said , heart twisting . 
 `` very clever . '' 
 the flame-haired woman nodded . 
 `` i could never bring myself to do such a thing . 
 never indeed . 
 ... '' egwene wove bonds of air and wrapped sheriam in them , then tied off the weaves . 
 she turned back to an incredulous group of women , whitefaced . 
 some terrified . 
 `` the world marches to the last battle , '' egwene said sternly . 
 `` did you expect that our enemies would leave us alone ? '' 
 `` who else ? '' 
 lelaine whispered . 
 `` who else was mentioned ? '' 
 `` many others , '' egwene said . 
 `` sitters among them . '' 
 moria leaped to her feet and ran for the exit . 
 she barely made it two steps . 
 a dozen different sisters enclosed the former blue with shields and bound her in weaves of air . 
 in seconds , she was hanging , gagged , tears leaking down the sides of her oval face . 
 romanda clicked her tongue , walking around the woman . 
 `` both from the blue , '' she noted . 
 `` this was a dramatic way to make the revelations , egwene . '' 
 `` you will address me as ` mother , ' romanda , '' egwene said , walking down from the dais . 
 `` and it is not so odd that there would be a higher percentage of them among the blue here , since that entire ajah fled the white tower . '' 
 she held up the oath rod . 
 `` the reason i had to make the revelation this way was simple . 
 how would you have responded if i 'd simply declared them to be black without offering proof ? '' 
 romanda nodded her head . 
 `` you are correct on both counts , mother , '' she admitted . 
 `` then you would n't mind being the first to retake the oaths , i presume ? '' 
 romanda hesitated only briefly , glancing at the two women bound in air . 
 almost everyone in the room held to the source , eyeing the others as if they might grow coppersnakes for hair at any moment . 
 romanda took the oath rod , and did as instructed , releasing herself from the oaths . 
 the process was obviously painful , but she held herself to a controlled , hissing intake of breath . 
 the others watched carefully for a trick , but romanda was straightforward in reswearing . 
 she handed the rod back to egwene . 
 `` i am not a darkfriend , '' she said . 
 `` and i never have been . '' 
 egwene accepted the oath rod back . 
 `` thank you , romanda , '' she said . 
 `` lelaine , do you wish to be next ? '' 
 `` gladly , '' the woman said . 
 she probably felt a need to vindicate the blue . 
 one by one , the other women forswore-gasping or hissing at the pain of it-then swore again and promised that they were not dark-friends . 
 egwene let out a silent sigh of relief at each one . 
 verin had admitted that there would be sisters she did n't get , and that egwene might discover other members of the black among the sitters . 
 when kwamesa , the last , handed the rod back to egwene and declared herself not a darkfriend , there was a visible release of tension in the room . 
 `` very good , '' egwene said , returning to stand at the head of the room . 
 `` from now on , we continue as one . 
 no more squabbling . 
 no more fighting . 
 we each have the best interests of the white tower-and the world itself-at heart . 
 the twelve of us , at least , are confident in one another . 
 `` a cleansing is never easy . 
 it is often painful . 
 today , we have cleansed ourselves , but what we have to do next will be nearly as painful . '' 
 `` you ... know the names of many others ? '' 
 takima asked , for once looking not a bit distracted . 
 `` yes , '' egwene said . 
 `` over two hundred total , some from each ajah . 
 some seventy among us here in this camp . 
 i have the names . '' 
 she had returned in the night to fetch verin 's books from her room . 
 they were now safely hidden in her tent , invisible . 
 `` i propose that we arrest them , though it will be difficult , as we will have to seize all of them as simultaneously as possible . '' 
 their greatest advantage , beyond surprise , was going to be the inherently distrusting nature of the black ajah . 
 verin and other sources had indicated that few sisters in the black knew more than a handful of other names . 
 there was an entire write-up in the book about black ajah organization , and their system of groups known as `` hearts '' that had minimal interaction to keep them hidden . 
 hopefully , that very system would slow their realizing what was happening . 
 the sitters looked daunted . 
 `` first , '' egwene said , `` we will claim that we need to spread important news to every sister , but ca n't let it be overheard by the soldiers in camp . 
 we 'll call the sisters into this pavilion by ajah-it 's big enough to hold about two hundred people . 
 i 'll distribute to each of you the names of all the black sisters . 
 when each ajah enters , i 'll repeat to them what i told you and tell them they 're all going to have to reswear on the oath rod . 
 we 'll be ready to seize black sisters who try to escape . 
 we 'll tie them up and deposit them in the audience tent . '' 
 that smaller tent was connected to the side of the hall , and could be closed off so that entering sisters would n't see the captives . 
 `` we 'll have to do something about warders , '' lelaine said grimly . 
 `` let them come in with their sisters , i suppose , and be prepared to seize them . '' 
 `` some of them will be darkfriends , '' egwene said . 
 `` but not all . 
 and i do n't know which ones . '' 
 verin had had some notes about this , but not many , unfortunately . 
 `` light , what a mess , '' romanda muttered . 
 `` it must be done , '' haughty berana said with a shake of her head . 
 `` and it must be done quickly , '' egwene said . 
 `` so that the black sisters do n't have time to escape . 
 i 'll warn lord bryne to create a perimeter of archers and sisters we trust to stop any trying to escape , just in case . 
 but that will only work for those too weak to make gateways . '' 
 `` we must n't let it come to that , '' lelaine said . 
 `` a war inside the camp itself ... '' egwene nodded . 
 `` and what of the white tower ? '' 
 lelaine said . 
 `` once we have cleansed ourselves , '' egwene said , `` then we can do what must be done to reunify the aes sedai . '' 
 `` you mean - '' `` yes , lelaine , '' egwene said . 
 `` i mean to begin an assault on tar valon by this evening . 
 pass the word and tell lord bryne to prepare his men . 
 the news will serve to distract the black members among us , and will make them less likely to notice what we are doing . '' 
 romanda glanced at sheriam and moria , hanging in the air at the side of the tent , both weeping openly , mouths bound with gags of air . 
 `` it must be done . 
 i put forth a motion before the hall to take the action the amyrlin has suggested . '' 
 the tent grew still . 
 then , slowly , each women rose to give consensus . 
 it was unanimous . 
 `` light preserve us , '' lelaine whispered . 
 `` and forgive us for what we are about to do . '' 
 my thoughts exactly , egwene added . 
 chapter 44 scents unknown tarwin 's gap is the place that makes the most sense ! '' 
 nynaeve argued . 
 she and rand rode on an overgrown road in the open grassland of maredo , accompanied by a crowd of aiel . 
 nynaeve was the only aes sedai there ; narishma and naeff rode near the back of the group , looking sullen . 
 rand had forced their aes sedai to stay behind . 
 he seemed particularly determined to assert his independence from them , lately . 
 nynaeve was astride a pure white mare named moonlight , appropriated from rand 's stable in tear . 
 it still seemed odd that he would have his own stable at all , let alone one in each of the major cities of the world . 
 `` tarwin 's gap , '' rand said , shaking his head . 
 `` no . 
 the more i think about it , the more i realize that we do n't want to fight there . 
 lan is doing me a favor . 
 if i can coordinate an assault alongside his own , i can gain great advantage . 
 but i do n't want to distract my armies with the gap . 
 it would be a waste of resources . '' 
 a waste of resources ? 
 the gap was where lan was heading , like an arrow loosed from a two rivers longbow . 
 heading there to die ! 
 and rand said helping was a waste ? 
 wool-headed fool ! 
 gritting her teeth , she forced herself to calm down . 
 if only he would argue , rather than speaking in that distant way he had recently adopted . 
 he seemed so emotionless , but she had seen the beast get free and roar at her . 
 it was coiled inside him , and if he did n't let his emotions out soon , they would devour him from the inside . 
 but how to make him see reason ? 
 she had prepared argument after argument-each of them distinctly reasoned and calmly explained - during their time in tear . 
 rand had ignored all of them , spending the last two days meeting with his generals and planning strategy for the last battle . 
 each day brought lan one step closer to a fight he could n't win . 
 each day made her more anxious ; several times , she 'd nearly abandoned rand and ridden for the north . 
 if lan was going to fight an impossible battle , then she longed to be at his side . 
 but she stayed . 
 light take rand al ` thor , she stayed . 
 what good would it do to help lan , only to let the world fall into shadow because of a stubborn sheepherder 's stubborn ... stubbornnessl she gave her braid a solid yank . 
 the jeweled bracelets and rings on her hands glittered in the faint sunlight-the sky was cloudy , of course , just as it had been for weeks . 
 everyone tried to ignore how unnatural that was , but nynaeve could still feel that storm building to the north . 
 such a short time left until lan reached the gap ! 
 light send that he was slowed down by the malkieri who had come to support him in his ride . 
 light send that he was not alone . 
 thinking of him , riding into the blight , facing the army of shadowspawn who infested his homeland ... . 
 `` we have to attack there , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` ituralde says that the blight is swarming with trollocs . 
 the dark one is gathering his forces . 
 you can bet that the bulk of them will be at the gap , where it 's easiest to get through and strike at andor and cairhien ! '' 
 `` that is exactly why we will not attack at the gap , nynaeve , '' rand said , voice cold and even . 
 `` we can not let the enemy dictate our battlefield . 
 the last thing we want to do is fight where they want us to , or where they expect us to . '' 
 he turned eyes northward . 
 `` yes , let them gather . 
 they seek me , and i shall not deliver myself . 
 why fight at tarwin 's gap ? 
 it makes the best sense to jump most of our armies right to shayol ghul . '' 
 `` rand , '' she said , trying to sound reasonable . 
 could n't he see that she was reasonable ? 
 `` there is no way that lan has been able to gather a large enough force to hold back a mass assault by the trollocs , particularly not with most of the borderlander armies doing light only knows what down here . 
 he 'll be overrun , and the trollocs will invade ! '' 
 mention of the borderlanders made rand 's face tighten ; they rode to meet with one of their messengers . 
 `` the tfollocs will invade , '' rand repeated . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` good , '' rand said . 
 `` it will keep them occupied as i do what needs to be done . '' 
 `` and lan ? '' 
 nynaeve asked . 
 `` his attack will be well placed . '' 
 rand nodded . 
 `` he will draw my enemies ' attention to malkier and the gap , and it will make them think that i am there . 
 shadowspawn ca n't move through gateways , so they ca n't move as quickly as i can . 
 by the time they 've engaged lan , i 'll be past them and attacking directly at the dark one 's heart . 
 `` i do n't plan to abandon the southern lands , not at all . 
 when the trollocs punch through the gap , they will break up into fists to invade . 
 that 's when my forces will hit them , led by bashere , traveling by gateway to strike at each group of trollocs from the sides or behind . 
 that way , we can pick the best battlefields to suit our needs . '' 
 `` rand , '' nynaeve said , her anger fading to horror . 
 `` lan will die ! '' 
 `` then who am i to deny him that ? '' 
 rand said . 
 `` we all deserve the chance to find peace . '' 
 nynaeve found her mouth hanging open . 
 he actually believed that ! 
 or he was convincing himself to believe it , at least . 
 `` my duty is to kill the dark one , '' rand said , as if to himself . 
 `` i kill him , then i die . 
 that is all . '' 
 `` but - '' `` that is enough , nynaeve . '' 
 rand spoke softly in that dangerous voice of his . 
 he would not be pressed further . 
 nynaeve sat back , stewing , trying to decide how to press him on the topic . 
 light ! 
 he would leave the people of the borderlands to suffer and die in the trolloc invasions ? 
 the people there would n't care if the dark one had been defeated-they would be cooking in stewpots . 
 that would leave lan and the malkieri to fight alone , a tiny force to resist the might of every monster that the blight could spit out . 
 the seanchan would wage their war to the south and the west . 
 the trollocs would attack from the north and the east . 
 the two would meet , eventually . 
 andor and the other kingdoms would be turned into a massive battleground , the people there-good people , like those in the two rivers-would have no chance against such warfare . 
 they 'd be crushed . 
 so what could she do to change it ? 
 she had to come up with a new strategy to influence rand . 
 everything , in her heart , pointed at protecting lan . 
 she had to get him help ! 
 the group rode through open grassland spotted occasionally with farms . 
 they passed one on the right , a solitary farmstead not unlike many back in the two rivers . 
 yet , in the two rivers , she 'd never seen a farmer watch travelers with such open hostility . 
 the red-bearded man in dirtied trousers , with sleeves rolled nearly to his shoulders , leaned against a half-finished fence , his axe laid casually-but very visibly-on the logs beside him . 
 his field had seen better years ; though the soil had been neatly plowed and harrowed , the furrows had spat forth only the smallest of sprouts . 
 the field was spotted with empty patches where seeds had inexplicably refused to take root , and the plants that were growing had a yellowish cast to them . 
 a group of younger men were pulling a stump free from a neighboring field , yet to nynaeve 's practiced eye , they were n't actually trying to get any work done . 
 they did n't have the harness hooked to their ox , and they had n't loosened the stump in the earth by digging about it . 
 those lengths of wood lying in the grass were too stout and smoothly worked to be the shafts of tools . 
 quarterstaffs . 
 it was almost an amusing display - considering the fact that rand had two hundred aiel with him-but it said something . 
 these men expected trouble and were preparing for it . 
 no doubt they could feel the storm themselves . 
 this area , close to trade routes and within reach of tear , was relatively safe from bandits . 
 it was also just far enough north to avoid being caught in squabbles between illian and tear . 
 this should have been a place where farmers did n't need to turn good lumber into quarterstaffs , nor watch strangers with eyes that expected attack . 
 that wariness would serve them well when the trollocs reached them-assuming the seanchan had n't conquered them and pressed them into their armies by that point . 
 nynaeve tugged her braid again . 
 her mind turned back to lan . 
 she had to do something ! 
 but rand was n't seeing sense . 
 that left only cadsuane 's mysterious plan . 
 fool woman , refusing to explain it . 
 nynaeve had made the first step , offering an allegiance , and how had cadsuane reacted ? 
 with presumptuous arrogance , of course . 
 how dare she welcome nynaeve into her little group of aes sedai like a child who had been wandering in the woods ! 
 how would nynaeve 's task-discovering where perrin was-help lan ? 
 during the past week , nynaeve had pressed cadsuane for more information , but had failed . 
 `` perform this task well , child , '' cadsuane had said , `` and perhaps we shall give you more responsibility in the future . 
 you 've proven yourself willful at times , and we ca n't have that . '' 
 nynaeve sighed . 
 find out where perrin was . 
 how was she supposed to do that ? 
 the two rivers folk had been of little use . 
 many of their men were traveling with perrin , but they had n't been seen for some time . 
 they were in the south somewhere , altara or ghealdan , likely . 
 but that left a large area to search . 
 she should have known that the two rivers would not provide an easy answer . 
 cadsuane had obviously already tried reaching perrin herself , and must have failed . 
 that 's why she 'd given the task to nynaeve . 
 had rand sent perrin on some secret mission ? 
 `` rand ? '' 
 she said . 
 he was muttering roughly to himself . 
 she shivered . 
 `` rand , '' she said more sharply . 
 he stopped muttering , then glanced at her . 
 she thought she could see the anger hidden there , deep within him , a flash of annoyance at her interruption . 
 then it was gone , replaced by the frighteningly cool control . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do you ... know where perrin is ? '' 
 `` he has tasks set before him and performs them , '' rand said , turning away . 
 `` why do you wish to know ? '' 
 best not to mention cadsuane . 
 `` i 'm still worried about him . 
 and about mat . '' 
 `` ah , '' rand said . 
 `` you are particularly unaccustomed to lying , are n't you , nynaeve ? '' 
 she felt her face flush in embarrassment . 
 when had he learned to read people so well ! 
 `` i am worried about him , rand al ` thor , '' she said . 
 `` he has a peaceful , unassuming nature-and always did let his friends push him around too much . '' 
 there . 
 let rand think about that . 
 `` unassuming , '' rand said musingly . 
 `` yes , i suppose he is still that . 
 but peaceful ? 
 perrin is no longer too ... peaceful . '' 
 so he had been in touch with perrin recently . 
 light ! 
 how had cadsuane known , and how had nynaeve missed those communications ? 
 `` rand , if you have perrin working on something for you , then why have you kept it secret ? 
 i deserve to - '' `` i have n't been meeting with him , nynaeve , '' rand said . 
 `` calm yourself . 
 there are simply things that i know . 
 we are connected , perrin , myself and mat . '' 
 `` how ? 
 what do you - '' `` that is all i will say on it , nynaeve , '' rand interrupted , slicing into her sentence with soft words . 
 nynaeve settled back , gritting her teeth again . 
 the other aes sedai spoke of being in control of their emotions , but obviously they did n't have to deal with rand al ` thor . 
 nynaeve could be calm too , if she were n't expected to manage the most bullheaded fool of a man who had ever put on a pair of boots . 
 they rode in silence for a time , the overcast sky hanging above them like a distant field of graymoss peat . 
 the meeting place with the border-landers was a nearby crossroads . 
 they could have traveled directly there , but the maidens had prevailed upon rand to arrive a short distance out and approach more carefully . 
 traveling was extremely convenient , but it also could be dangerous . 
 if your enemies knew where you would appear , you could open a gateway and find yourself ambushed by a line of archers . 
 even sending scouts through the gateway first was n't as safe as traveling to a spot where nobody was expecting you . 
 the aiel learned , and adapted , quickly . 
 surprising , really . 
 the waste was terribly unvaried ; every part looked just about the same . 
 of course , she had overheard some aiel guards saying something similar about the wetlands . 
 this particular crossroads had n't been important in years . 
 if verin or one of the other brown sisters had been there , they 'd likely have been able to explain exactly why . 
 all nynaeve knew was that the kingdom which had once held this land had fallen long ago , and the only remnant was the independent city of far madding . 
 the wheel of time turned . 
 the most grand of kingdoms fell , rusted and eventually changed into lazy fields , ruled only by farmers determined to grow a particularly good crop of barley . 
 it had happened to manetheren , and it had happened here . 
 great highways that had once transported legions now dwindled to obscure country roads in need of maintenance . 
 as they continued , nynaeve let moonlight fall back from rand 's position . 
 that placed her riding near narishma , with his dark , braided hair , bells tinkling on the ends . 
 he wore black , like most asha ` man , and the sword and dragon twinkled on his collar . 
 he 'd changed in the months since being bonded as a warder . 
 she could no longer look at him and see a boy . 
 this was a man , with the grace of a soldier , the careful eyes of a warder . 
 a man who had seen death and fought forsaken . 
 `` you 're a borderlander , narishma , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` do you have any idea why the others left their posts ? '' 
 he shook his head , scanning the landscape . 
 `` i was a cobbler 's son , nynaeve sedai . 
 i know not the ways of lords and ladies . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` besides , i 'm not a borderlander anymore . '' 
 the implication was clear . 
 he would protect rand , no matter what other allegiances tugged at him . 
 a very warder-like way of thought . 
 nynaeve nodded slowly . 
 `` do you have any idea what we 're riding into ? '' 
 `` they 'll keep their word , '' narishma said . 
 `` a borderlander would sooner die than break his word . 
 they promised to send a delegation to meet with the lord dragon . 
 they 'll do just that . 
 i wish we 'd been allowed to bring our aes sedai , though . '' 
 reports held that the borderlander army included thirteen aes sedai . 
 a dangerous number : the number needed to still a woman or gentle a man . 
 thirteen women in a circle could shield the most powerful of channelers . 
 rand had insisted that the delegation that came to meet him include no more than four of those thirteen aes sedai ; in return , he promised to bring no more than four channelers . 
 two asha ` man - narishma and naeff-nynaeve and rand himself . 
 merise and the others had thrown the aes sedai equivalent of a fit - it involved a lot of downturned lips and questions like `` are you certain you want to do that ? '' 
 - when rand had forbidden them to come . 
 nynaeve noted narishma 's tense posture . 
 `` you do n't look as if you trust them . '' 
 `` a borderlander 's place is guarding the border , '' narishma said . 
 `` i was a cobbler 's son , and yet i was trained with the sword , spear , bow , axe and sling . 
 even before joining the asha ` man , i could best four out of five trained southern soldiers in a duel . 
 we live to defend . 
 and yet they left . 
 now , of all times . 
 with thirteen aes sedai . '' 
 he glanced at her with those dark eyes of his . 
 `` i want to trust them . 
 i know them for good people . 
 but good people can do the wrong thing . 
 particularly when men who can channel are involved . '' 
 nynaeve fell silent . 
 narishma had a point , though what cause would the borderlanders have to harm rand ? 
 they 'd fought the encroachment of the blight and its shadowspawn for centuries , and the struggle against the dark one was imprinted on their very souls . 
 they would n't turn against the dragon reborn . 
 the borderlanders had a special honor about them . 
 it could be frustrating , true , but it was who they were . 
 lan 's reverence for his homeland - particularly when many other malkieri had abandoned their identity-was part of what she loved about him . 
 oh , lan . 
 i 'll find someone to help you . 
 i wo n't let you ride into the shadow 's jaws alone . 
 as they neared a small green hill , several aiel returned from scouting . 
 rand pulled the group to a halt , waiting for the cadin ` sor-clad scouts to pad up to him , several wearing the red headbands marked with the ancient symbol of the aes sedai . 
 the scouts were n't winded , despite the fact that they 'd run all the way ahead to the meeting place and then back . 
 rand leaned forward in his saddle . 
 `` did they do as i asked ? 
 did they bring no more than two hundred men , no more than four aes sedai ? '' 
 `` yes , rand al ` thor , '' said one of the scouts . 
 `` yes , they kept to your requirements admirably . 
 they have great honor . '' 
 nynaeve recognized the strange aiel brand of humor in the tone of the man 's response . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` one man , rand al ` thor , '' the aiel scout said . 
 `` that is all that their ` delegation ' consists of . 
 he 's a short little thing of a man , though he looks like he knows how to dance the spears . 
 the crossroads is behind this hill . '' 
 nynaeve looked ahead . 
 indeed , now that she knew to look , she could see another road running up from the south , presumably meeting with theirs just beyond the hill . 
 `` what manner of trap is this ? '' 
 naeff asked , riding up beside rand , his lean , warrior 's face concerned . 
 `` an ambush ? '' 
 rand held up a hand for silence . 
 he kicked his gelding into motion , and the scouts kept up without a word of complaint . 
 nynaeve was nearly left behind ; moonlight was a far more placid animal than she would have chosen for herself . 
 she 'd have words with the stable master when she returned to tear . 
 they rounded the hillside , finding a dusty square of ground , scarred by old firepits where caravans had stopped for the night . 
 a roadway smaller than the one they 'd been using twisted up to the north and down to the south . 
 a solitary shienaran man stood in the center , where roads met , watching the oncoming procession . 
 his shoulder-length gray hair hung loose around a lean face which complemented his wiry build . 
 his round face was lined with marks of age ; his eyes were small , and he seemed to be squinting . 
 hurin ? 
 she thought with surprise . 
 nynaeve had n't seen the thief-taker since he 'd accompanied her and a group of others back to the white tower following the events at falme . 
 rand reined in his horse , allowing nynaeve and the asha ` man to catch up . 
 aiel fanned out like leaves blown before a gust of wind , taking up watchful positions around the crossroads . 
 she was fairly certain that both of the asha ` man had seized the source , and likely rand had as well . 
 hurin shuffled uncomfortably . 
 he looked much as nynaeve remembered him . 
 a tad more gray in the hair , but wearing the same simple brown clothing , with a sword-breaker and a shortsword at his waist . 
 he had tied a horse to a fallen log nearby . 
 the aiel watched it suspiciously , as others might watch a pack of guard dogs . 
 `` why , lord rand ! '' 
 hurin called , voice uneven . 
 `` it is you ! 
 well , you 've certainly come up in the world , i must say . 
 good to - '' he cut off as he was raised from the ground . 
 he made an `` urk '' of surprise , being turned on unseen weaves of air . 
 nynaeve suppressed a shiver . 
 would seeing men channel ever stop bothering her ? 
 `` who chased after you and me , hurin , '' rand called , `` the time when we were trapped in that distant shadow land ? 
 what nationality of men did i fell with the bow ? '' 
 `` men ? '' 
 hurin asked , voice almost a squawk . 
 `` lord rand , there were no men in that place ! 
 none that we met , beyond lady selene , that is . 
 all i remember are those frog beasts , the same ones folk say those seanchan ride ! '' 
 rand spun hurin around in the air , regarding him with cold eyes . 
 then he urged his mount closer . 
 nynaeve and the asha ` man did as well . 
 `` you do n't believe that i 'm me , lord rand ? '' 
 hurin asked as he hung in the air . 
 `` i take very little as it is presented to me , these days , '' rand said . 
 `` i assume the borderlanders sent you because of our familiarity ? '' 
 hurin nodded , sweating . 
 nynaeve felt a stab of pity for the man . 
 he was absolutely devoted to rand . 
 they had spent a lot of time together , chasing down fain and the horn of valere . 
 on the return trip to tar valon , she 'd seldom been able to stop hurin from gossiping about this or that grand feat that rand had accomplished . 
 being treated this way by the man he idolized was probably very unsettling for the lean thief-taker . 
 `` why only you ? '' 
 rand asked quietly . 
 `` well , '' hurin said , sighing . 
 `` they did tell you - '' he hesitated , seeming distracted by something . 
 he sniffed audibly . 
 `` now that ... that 's strange . 
 never smelled that before . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' hurin said . 
 `` the air ... it smells like a lot of death , a lot of violence , only not . 
 it 's darker . 
 more terrible . '' 
 he shuddered visibly . 
 hurin 's ability to smell violence was one of those oddities that the tower could n't explain . 
 not something related to the power , yet obviously not quite natural either . 
 rand did n't seem to care what hurin smelled . 
 `` tell me why they sent only you , hurin . '' 
 `` i was saying , lord rand . 
 see , this here , we 're to discuss terms . '' 
 `` terms regarding your armies moving back where they belong , '' rand said . 
 `` no , lord rand , '' hurin said uncomfortably . 
 `` terms for setting up a real meeting with them . 
 that part in their letter was kind of vague , i guess . 
 they said you might be angry to find only me here . '' 
 `` they were wrong , '' rand said , voice softer . 
 nynaeve found herself straining to hear him , leaning forward . 
 `` i no longer feel anger , hurin , '' rand said . 
 `` it serves me no useful function . 
 why would we need ` terms ' to meet together ? 
 i presumed that my offer to bring only a small force would be acceptable . '' 
 `` well , lord rand , '' hurin said , `` you see , they really want to meet with you . 
 i mean , we came all this way-marched through the bloody winter itself , my pardon , aes sedai . 
 but it was the bloody winter \ and a bad one , although it took a long time getting to us . 
 anyways , we did that coming for you , lord rand . 
 so you see , they want to meet with you . 
 very badly . '' 
 `` but ? '' 
 `` but , well , last time you were in far madding there was - '' rand held up a finger . 
 hurin quieted , and all grew still . 
 even the horses seemed to hold their breaths . 
 `` the borderlanders are in far madding ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` yes , lord rand . '' 
 `` they want to meet with me there ? '' 
 `` yes , lord rand . 
 you 'll have to come inside the protection of the guardian , you see , and - '' rand waved a curt hand , cutting off hurin . 
 a gateway opened immediately . 
 it did n't appear to lead to far madding , however ; it just led back a short distance , to the road where rand and the others had been riding a short time before . 
 rand released hurin , gesturing for the aiel to let the man mount , then moved tai ` daishar through the gateway . 
 what was going on ? 
 everyone else followed . 
 once through , rand created another gateway , this one opening into a small wooded hollow . 
 nynaeve thought she recognized it ; this was where they had camped following their visit to far madding with cadsuane . 
 why the first gateway ? 
 nynaeve thought , confused . 
 and then it occurred to her . 
 one did n't need to learn an area to travel a short distance from it-and traveling to a place taught someone that location well enough to create gateways from it . 
 so by traveling a short hop first , rand memorized the location well enough to create gateways wherever he wanted-while skipping the time needed to learn the area ! 
 it was extremely clever , and nynaeve felt herself blushing that she had n't seen the possibility before . 
 how long had rand known of this trick ? 
 had memory of it come from that ... voice in his head ? 
 rand rode tai ` daishar out into the hollow , the horse 's hooves stirring fallen leaves as he worked his way through the underbrush . 
 nynaeve followed , trying to urge her docile mare to keep up with rand . 
 that stable-master was going to hear from her for certain . 
 his ears would burn when she was through with him ! 
 hurin trotted his horse out as well , and the aiel loped along , subtly keeping him surrounded . 
 they had their faces veiled , spears or bows in hand . 
 past the trees and underbrush , rand stopped tai ` daishar , looking across the open meadow toward the ancient city of far madding . 
 it was n't large , not by the measure of the great cities . 
 nor was it beautiful , not when compared with the ogier-built wonders nynaeve had seen . 
 but it was big enough , and it was certainly home to fine architecture and ancient relics . 
 set upon an island in a lake , it was actually faintly reminiscent of tar valon . 
 three broad bridges crossed the calm waters , and were the only means of entering the city . 
 a very large army was encamped around the lake , perhaps covering more ground than far madding itself . 
 nynaeve counted dozens of different pennons marking dozens of different houses . 
 there were lines upon lines of horses , and tents like rows of summer crops , carefully planted and organized , awaiting harvest . 
 the borderlander army . 
 `` i 've heard of this place , '' naeff said , riding up , close-cropped , dark brown hair ruffling in the wind . 
 he narrowed his eyes , rectangular face dissatisfied . 
 `` it 's like a stedding , only not as safe . '' 
 far madding 's massive ter ` angreal-known as the guardian-created invisible protective bubbles that blocked people from touching the one power . 
 that could be worked around through the use of a very specialized ter ` angreal , one of which nynaeve happened to be wearing . 
 but it would help only slightly . 
 the army looked close enough to be within the bubble that prevented men from channeling , which extended about a mile out around the city . 
 `` they will know we 've come , '' rand said softly , eyes narrowed . 
 `` they 'll have been waiting for it . 
 they expect me to ride into their box . '' 
 `` box ? '' 
 nynaeve asked hesitantly . 
 `` the city is a box , '' rand said . 
 `` the whole city and the area round it . 
 they want me where they can control me , but they do n't understand . 
 nobody controls me . 
 not anymore . 
 i 've had enough of boxes and prisons , of chains and ropes . 
 never again will i put myself into the power of another . '' 
 still staring at the city , he reached to its place on his saddle and removed the statuette of a man holding aloft a globe . 
 nynaeve felt a sharp chill . 
 did he have to bring that with him everywhere he went ? 
 `` perhaps they need to be taught , '' rand said . 
 `` given encouragement to do their duty and obey me . '' 
 `` rand ... . '' 
 nynaeve tried to think . 
 she could n't let this happen again ! 
 the access key began to glow faintly . 
 `` they want to capture me , '' he said softly . 
 `` hold me . 
 beat me . 
 they did it once in far madding already . 
 they - '' `` rand ! '' 
 nynaeve said sharply . 
 he stopped , looking at her , seeing her as if for the first time . 
 `` these are not slaves with their minds already burned away by graendal . 
 that is an entire city full of innocent people ! '' 
 `` i would n't harm the people of the city , '' rand said , voice emotionless . 
 `` that army deserves the demonstration , not the city . 
 a rain of fire upon them , perhaps . 
 or lightning to strike and bite . '' 
 `` they have done nothing other than ask you to meet with them ! '' 
 nynaeve said , edging her horse closer to him . 
 that ter ` angreal sat like a viper in his hand . 
 once , it had cleansed the source . 
 if only it had melted away as the female one had ! 
 she was n't certain what would happen if he aimed a weave into the protective bubble of far madding , but she suspected it would still work . 
 the guardian did n't stop weaves from being made ; nynaeve had been able to craft weaves just fine , when she 'd drawn upon her well . 
 either way , she knew that she had to stop rand from turning his anger-or whatever it was he felt-upon his allies . 
 `` rand , '' she said softly . 
 `` if you do this , there will be no turning back . '' 
 `` there 's already no turning back for me , nynaeve , '' he said , his eyes intense . 
 those eyes shifted , sometimes seeming gray , sometimes blue . 
 today , they looked iron gray . 
 he continued , voice flat . 
 `` my feet started on this path the moment tarn found me crying on that mountain . '' 
 `` you do n't have to kill anyone today . 
 please . '' 
 he turned to look back at the city . 
 slowly , mercifully , the access key stopped glowing . 
 `` hurin ! '' 
 he barked . 
 he must be close to fraying , nynaeve thought . 
 his anger is slipping out in his voice . 
 the thief-taker rode up to the front of the group . 
 the aiel kept their distance , however . 
 `` yes , lord rand ? '' 
 `` return to your masters inside of their box , '' rand said , voice under control again . 
 `` you are to give them a message for me . '' 
 `` what message , lord rand ? '' 
 rand hesitated , then slipped the access key back in its place . 
 `` tell them that it will not be long before the dragon reborn rides to battle at shayol ghul . 
 if they wish to return to their posts with honor , i will provide them with transport back to the blight . 
 otherwise , they can remain here , hiding . 
 let them explain to their children and grandchildren why they were hundreds of leagues away from their posts when the dark one was slain and the prophecies fulfilled . '' 
 hurin looked shaken . 
 `` yes , lord rand . '' 
 with that , rand turned his horse about and rode back toward the clearing . 
 nynaeve followed , too slowly . 
 beautiful though moonlight was , she 'd have traded the beautiful mare in an instant for a biddable , dependable two rivers horse like bela . 
 hurin stayed behind . 
 he still looked shaken . 
 his reunion with `` lord rand '' had obviously been far from what he expected . 
 nynaeve gritted her teeth as the trees obscured her view of him . 
 inside the clearing , rand had opened another gateway , a direct gateway to tear . 
 they rode out into the traveling ground prepared outside the stone of tear 's stableyards . 
 the air was hot and muggy in tear , despite the overcast sky , and thick with the sounds of men training and gulls shrieking . 
 rand rode out to where stablehands waited , then dismounted , his face unreadable . 
 as nynaeve climbed off of moonlight and handed the reins to a ruddy-faced stable worker , rand walked past her . 
 `` look for a statue , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked with surprise . 
 he glanced back at her , stopping . 
 `` you asked where perrin was . 
 he 's camped with an army beneath the shade of an enormous fallen statue shaped like a sword stabbing the earth . 
 i 'm certain scholars here can tell you where it is ; it 's very distinctive . '' 
 `` how ... how do you know that ? '' 
 rand just shrugged . 
 `` i just do . '' 
 `` why tell me ? '' 
 she asked , walking alongside him across the yard of packed earth . 
 she had n't expected him to give up the information-he had gotten into the habit of holding onto whatever he knew , even if that knowledge was meaningless . 
 `` because , '' he said , striding toward the keep , voice growing almost too soft to hear , `` i ... have a debt to you for caring when i can not . 
 if you seek perrin out , tell him that i will soon need him . '' 
 with that , he left her . 
 nynaeve stood in the horse yard , watching him go . 
 there was a wet scent to the air , the smell of new rain , and she could feel that she 'd missed a sprinkle . 
 not enough to clear the air or muddy the ground , but enough to leave wetted sections of stone in shaded corners . 
 to her right , men galloped and exercised horses beneath the dun sky , riding across sandy earth between pickets . 
 the stone was the only fortress she knew of with exercise areas for cavalry-but , then , the stone was far from ordinary . 
 the rumble of hoofbeats was like the sound of a distant storm , and she found herself glancing northward . 
 the storm there felt closer than it had before . 
 she 'd assumed it was gathering in the blight , but now she was n't so certain . 
 she took a deep breath , then hastened to the keep . 
 she passed defenders in their immaculate uniforms , the upper arm portions ribbed and puffy , breastplates smooth and curved . 
 she passed stableboys , each probably dreaming of one day wearing that same uniform , but for now only leading horses back to the stables for hay and currying . 
 she passed dozens of servants in linens , doubtless far more comfortable than nynaeve 's maroon wool . 
 the keep itself was a towering rock of a structure , sheer walls broken only by windows . 
 except that she could still spot the place where mat had destroyed a section of stone with his illuminator 's fireworks when coming to rescue nynaeve and the others from their imprisonment . 
 fool boy . 
 where was he ? 
 she had n't seen him in ... in quite a long time . 
 since ebou dar had fallen to the seanchan . 
 in a way , she felt as though she 'd abandoned him , though she 'd never admit that . 
 why , she 'd embarrassed herself enough in front of the daughter of the nine moons when she 'd defended that scoundrel ! 
 she still did n't know what had come over her . 
 mat could care for himself . 
 he was probably carousing in some inn while the rest of them worked to save the world-drinking himself silly and playing at dice . 
 rand was another matter . 
 he 'd been so much easier to deal with when he 'd continued to act like other men-stubborn and immature , but predictable . 
 this new rand with the cold emotions and the cold voice was truly unnerving . 
 the narrow corridors of the stone were still unfamiliar to nynaeve , and she often got lost . 
 her disorientation was n't helped by the fact that hallways and walls sometimes changed places . 
 she 'd tried to discount such tales as superstitious nonsense , but the day before , she 'd woken to discover that her room had indeed suddenly and mysteriously moved . 
 her door had opened to a smooth wall of the same seamless rock as the stone itself . 
 she 'd been forced to escape through a gateway , and had been shocked to learn that her window looked out from a location two stories higher than it had the previous night ! 
 cadsuane said it was the dark one 's touch on the world , causing the pattern to unravel . 
 cadsuane said a lot of things , and few of them were things that nynaeve wished to hear . 
 nynaeve got lost twice as she wove her way through the corridors , but she eventually arrived at cadsuane 's room . 
 at least rand had n't forbidden his stewards to grant her rooms . 
 nynaeve knocked-she 'd learned that she 'd better-then entered . 
 the aes sedai from cadsuane 's group-merise and corele-sat in the room , knitting and sipping tea , trying to look like they were not waiting on the infernal woman 's whims . 
 cadsuane herself was speaking quietly with min , whom she had all but appropriated in recent days . 
 min herself did n't seem to mind , perhaps because it was n't easy to spend time with rand these days . 
 nynaeve felt a stab of sympathy for the girl . 
 ny-naeve only had to deal with rand as a friend ; all of this would be much harsher on the one who shared his heart . 
 all eyes turned toward nynaeve as she closed the door . 
 `` i think i 've found him , '' she announced . 
 `` who is that , child ? '' 
 cadsuane said , leafing through one of min 's books . 
 `` perrin , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` you were right ; rand did know where he was . '' 
 `` excellent ! '' 
 cadsuane said . 
 `` you did well ; it appears that you can be of use . '' 
 nynaeve was n't certain which annoyed her more-the backhanded compliment , or the fact that her heart swelled with pride at hearing it . 
 she was no girl , without her braid , to be stroked by this woman 's words ! 
 `` well ? '' 
 cadsuane looked up from the book . 
 the others remained silent , though min did shoot nynaeve a congratulatory smile . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 nynaeve 's opened her mouth to reply before she caught herself . 
 what was it about this woman that made her want to obey ? 
 it was n't the one power or anything to do with it . 
 cadsuane simply projected the air of a stern , but fair , grandmother . 
 the type you never spoke back to , but who would give you some baked sweets in reward for sweeping the floor when told . 
 `` first , i want to know why perrin is important . '' 
 nynaeve stalked into the room and took the only remaining seat , a painted wooden stool . 
 when she sat , she found herself sitting a few inches below eye level . 
 like a student before cadsuane . 
 she almost stood up , but realized that would draw more attention . 
 `` phaw ! '' 
 cadsuane said . 
 `` you 'd hold this knowledge back , even if it means the lives of those you hold dear ? '' 
 `` i want to know what i 've gotten myself into , '' nynaeve said stubbornly . 
 `` i want to know that this information is n't going to end up hurting rand further . '' 
 cadsuane snorted . 
 `` you presume to think that i 'd hurt the fool boy ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going to presume otherwise , '' nynaeve snapped . 
 `` not until you tell me what you are doing . '' 
 cadsuane closed the book-echoes of his dynasty-and looked perturbed . 
 `` will you at least tell me how the meeting with the borderlan-ders went ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` or is that information held for ransom as well ? '' 
 did she think she 'd distract nynaeve that easily ? 
 `` it went poorly , as one might expect , '' she said . 
 `` they 've hunkered down outside far madding and refuse to meet with rand unless he comes within range of the guardian , cutting himself off from the source . '' 
 `` did he take it well ? '' 
 corele asked from her cushioned bench at the side of the room . 
 she smiled faintly ; she seemed to be the only one who thought the changes in rand were amusing , rather than terrifying . 
 but , then , she was one of the women who had bonded an asha ` man at practically the first opportunity . 
 `` did he take it well ? '' 
 nynaeve repeated flatly . 
 `` that depends . 
 does pulling out that blasted ter ` angreal and threatening to rain down fire on the army strike you as ` taking it well ' ? '' 
 min paled . 
 cadsuane raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i stopped him , '' nynaeve said . 
 `` but just barely . 
 i do n't know . 
 it ... it might be getting too late to do anything to change him . '' 
 `` that boy will laugh again , '' cadsuane said quietly , but intensely . 
 `` i did n't live this long to fail now . '' 
 `` what does it matter ? '' 
 corele said . 
 nynaeve turned in shock . 
 `` well ? '' 
 corele set down her mending . 
 `` what does it matter ? 
 we 're obviously going to succeed . '' 
 `` light ! '' 
 nynaeve said . 
 `` what gave you that idea ? '' 
 `` we 've just spent all afternoon drilling this girl about her visions . '' 
 corele nodded to min . 
 `` they always come true , and she 's seen things that obviously ca n't happen until after the last battle . 
 so we know that rand is going to defeat the dark one . 
 the pattern has already decided it . 
 we can stop worrying . '' 
 `` no , '' min said . 
 `` you 're wrong . '' 
 corele frowned . 
 `` child , are you saying that you lied about the things you 've seen ? '' 
 `` no , '' min said . 
 `` but if rand loses , there is no pattern . '' 
 `` the girl is correct . '' 
 cadsuane sounded surprised . 
 `` what this child sees are weavings in the pattern from a time still distant-but if the dark one wins , he will destroy the pattern entirely . 
 this is the only way the visions could fail to occur . 
 the same holds for other prophecies and foretellings . 
 our victory is by no means sure . '' 
 that stilled the room . 
 they were n't playing at village politics or national dominance . 
 at stake was creation itself . 
 light . 
 can i withhold this information if there 's any chance of it helping lan ? 
 it wrenched her heart to think of him , and she had few options . 
 in fact , lan 's only hope seemed to rest in the armies rand could marshal and the gateways his people could form . 
 rand had to change . 
 for lan . 
 for them all . 
 and she had no idea what to do other than , unfortunately , to trust cadsuane . 
 nynaeve swallowed her pride and spoke . 
 `` do you know the location of a statue of an enormous sword , fallen to the earth as if stabbing it ? '' 
 corele and merise glanced at each other in confusion . 
 `` the hand of the amahn ` rukane . '' 
 cadsuane turned from min with a raised eyebrow . 
 `` the full statue was never finished , from what scholars can tell . 
 it rests near the jehannah road . '' 
 `` perrin is camping in its shadow . '' 
 cadsuane pursed her lips . 
 `` i assumed he would go eastward , toward lands al ` thor has captured . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` all right . 
 we are going for him right now . '' 
 she hesitated , then glanced at nynaeve . 
 `` in answer to your question earlier , child , perrin actually is n't important to our plans . '' 
 `` he is n't ? '' 
 nynaeve asked . 
 `` but - '' cadsuane raised a finger . 
 `` there are people with him who are vital . 
 one in particular . '' 
 chapter 45 the tower stands egwene walked slowly through the rebel camp , wearing a crimson gown , its skirts divided for riding . 
 the color raised not a few eyebrows . 
 considering what the red ajah had done , these aes sedai were n't likely to wear the hue . 
 even the camp 's serving women had noticed , selling their red and maroon dresses or cutting them up for rags . 
 egwene had asked for the crimson specifically . 
 in the tower , sisters had formed the habit of wearing only their own ajah 's color , and the practice had helped fuel the division . 
 while it was good to be proud of your ajah affiliation , it was dangerous to begin assuming that you could n't trust anyone wearing other colors . 
 egwene was all ajahs . 
 today , the red symbolized many things to her . 
 the impending reunification with the red ajah . 
 a reminder of the division that needed to be righted . 
 a sign of the blood that would be spilled , the blood of good men who fought to defend the white tower . 
 the blood of the dead aes sedai , beheaded not an hour ago by egwene s order . 
 siuan had found her great serpent ring ; it felt very good to have it on her finger again . 
 the sky was an iron gray , and the scent of dirt rose into the air , accompanying the bustling motion around the camp . 
 women hurriedly washed clothing , as if they were late in getting their patrons ready for a festival . 
 novices ran-literally ran-from lesson to lesson . 
 aes sedai stood about with arms folded , eyes ready to burn any who did n't keep up the tempo . 
 they sense the tension of the day , egwene thought . 
 and ca n't help but be made anxious by it . 
 the night before , with its attack by the seanchan . 
 followed by the return of the amyrlin , who had spent the morning cleansing the aes sedai . 
 and now afternoon , and the beating drums of war . 
 she doubted that bryne 's own camp was in such a state . 
 he 'd have his men ready for attack ; he probably could have assaulted the white tower at a moment 's notice on any given day of the siege . 
 his soldiers would decide this war . 
 egwene would not have her aes sedai riding into battle , wriggling around their oaths not to use the power to kill . 
 they would wait here , to be called only for healing . 
 or called if the white tower sisters joined the fight in earnest . 
 light send that elaida saw wisdom in forbidding that . 
 if the aes sedai turned the power against one another , it would be a dark day indeed . 
 can this day grow any darker ? 
 egwene wondered . 
 many of the aes sedai she passed in the camp gave her looks of respect , awe , and a little horror . 
 after a long absence , the amyrlin had returned . 
 and she had brought destruction and judgment in her wake . 
 over fifty black sisters had been stilled , then executed . 
 egwene felt sick , thinking of their deaths . 
 sheriam had seemed almost relieved when her turn came , though she 'd soon begun to struggle , sobbing and desperate . 
 she 'd confessed to several disturbing crimes , as if hoping that her willingness to speak would gain her amnesty . 
 they 'd placed her head on the block and taken it off , just like the others . 
 that scene would always be vivid in egwene 's mind-her former keeper , lying with her head pressed against the stump , blue dress and fiery red hair suddenly bathed in warm golden light as a thinner section of clouds moved in front of the sun . 
 then the silvery axe , falling to claim her head . 
 perhaps the pattern would be kinder to her next time she was allowed a thread in its great tapestry . 
 but perhaps not . 
 death was not an escape from the dark one . 
 sheriam 's horror at the end indicated that she might have been thinking that very thing as the axe took her head . 
 now egwene understand fully how the aiel could laugh at a simple beating . 
 would that she could go through a few days beneath the rod rather than have to order the execution of women she had liked and worked with ! 
 some of the sitters had argued for interrogation instead of execution , but egwene had been insistent . 
 fifty women were far too many to shield and guard , and now that they knew stilling could be healed , that was n't an option . 
 no , history proved how slippery and dangerous members of the black could be , and egwene was tired of worrying about what could happen . 
 she had learned with moghedien that there was a price to be paid for greed , if just greed for information . 
 she and the others had been too eager-too proud of the `` discoveries '' they 'd made-to see the world rid of one of the forsaken . 
 well , she would not allow a similar mistake here . 
 the law was known , the hall had made its judgment , and it had not been done in secret . 
 verin had died to stop these women , and egwene would see that her sacrifice meant something . 
 you did well , verin . 
 so very well . 
 every aes sedai in the camp had been made to swear the three oaths over again , and only three members of the black had been discovered beyond the ones verin had located . 
 her research had been thorough . 
 the blacks ' warders were under guard . 
 they would have to be sorted through at a later date , when attention could be given to separating those who were really black from those who were just enraged by the loss of their aes sedai . 
 most of them would seek death , even the innocent ones . 
 perhaps the innocent could be convinced to remain alive long enough to throw themselves into the last battle . 
 nearly twenty of the black sisters on verin 's list had still escaped , despite all of egwene 's precautions . 
 she was n't certain how they had known . 
 bryne 's guards had caught some weaker ones trying to flee , and soldiers had fallen to delay them . 
 but many had still escaped . 
 no use crying over that . 
 fifty black were dead ; that was a victory . 
 a frightening one . 
 but a victory nonetheless . 
 and so she walked through the camp , in riding boots and a dress of red , brown hair free to stream in the wind and tied with crimson ribbons to mark the streams of blood she had shed not an hour before . 
 she did not blame the sisters around her for their sly glances , their masked concern , their fear . 
 and their respect . 
 if there had been any doubt that egwene was amyrlin , it had been dispelled . 
 they accepted her , they feared her . 
 and she would never quite fit in with them again . 
 she was separate , and always would be . 
 a determined figure in blue made her way through the tents and approached egwene . 
 the dignified woman curtsied appropriately , though since they were walking so quickly , egwene did n't stop to let her kiss the great serpent ring . 
 `` mother , '' lelaine said , `` bryne sends word that all is at ready for the assault . 
 he says that the western bridges would be the ideal point of attack , though he suggests that gateways be employed to send a flanking force of his men behind the white tower lines . 
 he asks if this would be possible . '' 
 it was n't using the power as a weapon , but it was close . 
 a fine distinction . 
 but being aes sedai was about fine distinctions . 
 `` tell him i will make the gateway myself , '' she said . 
 `` excellent , mother , '' lelaine said , bowing her head , the perfect , loyal attendant . 
 it was remarkable , how quickly the woman 's bearing toward egwene had changed . 
 she must have realized that her only choice was to attach herself to egwene completely and give up on her attempts to secure power . 
 this way , she did n't look like a hypocrite and would perhaps gain position through egwene . 
 assuming egwene was able to stabilize herself as a powerful amyrlin . 
 it was a good assumption . 
 lelaine must have been frustrated by romanda 's change of temperament . 
 the yellow waited beside the road ahead , as if on cue . 
 she wore a dress after the color of her ajah , hair back in a stately bun . 
 she curtsied as egwene reached her and barely spared a glance for lelaine before falling into position on egwene 's right , away from lelaine . 
 `` mother , '' romanda said , `` i have made the inquires you requested . 
 there has been no contact with those sent to the black tower . 
 not a whisper . '' 
 `` does this strike you as odd ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` yes , mother . 
 with traveling they should have been there and back by now . 
 they should have at least sent word . 
 this silence is disturbing . '' 
 disturbing indeed . 
 even worse , that delegation contained nisao , myrelle , faolain and theodrin . 
 each of the women had sworn fealty to egwene . 
 an unsettling coincidence . 
 the departure of faolain and theodrin was particularly suspicious . 
 supposedly , they had gone because they had no warders , but the sisters in the camp did n't consider those two full aes sedai-though nobody would dare say such to egwene directly . 
 why had those four , out of the hundreds of aes sedai in the camp , been placed in the delegation ? 
 was it mere coincidence ? 
 it stretched plausibility . 
 but what did it mean , then ? 
 had someone intentionally sent away those loyal to egwene ? 
 if so , why not send siuan ? 
 was this perhaps sheriam 's work ? 
 the woman had confessed to several things before her execution , but this had n't been one of them . 
 either way , something was happening with those asha ` man . 
 the black tower would need to be dealt with . 
 `` mother , '' lelaine said , drawing her attention back . 
 the blue did n't glance at her rival . 
 `` i have other news . '' 
 romanda sniffed quietly . 
 `` speak , '' egwene said . 
 `` sheriam was n't lying , '' lelaine said . 
 `` the ter ` angreal used for dreams are gone . 
 all of them . '' 
 `` how is this possible ? '' 
 egwene demanded , letting a hint of her anger slip out . 
 `` sheriam was keeper , mother , '' lelaine said quickly . 
 `` we kept the ter ` angreal together , as is custom in the white tower , under guard . 
 but ... well , what reason would those guards have had to turn sheriam away ? '' 
 `` and what do you suppose she was planning to tell us ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` this theft could not have been kept hidden for long . '' 
 `` i do n't know , mother , '' lelaine said , shaking her head . 
 `` the guards said that sheriam seemed ... flustered ... when she took the ter ` angreal . 
 this was just last night . '' 
 egwene clenched her teeth , thinking of sheriam 's final spilled confessions . 
 the theft of the ter ` angreal had been far from the most shocking tidbit she 'd mentioned . 
 elayne would be livid ; the original ring had been among those stolen , and egwene doubted that siuan 's hidden copy would be useful as a template . 
 it was already flawed ; copies of it would likely be more imperfect . 
 `` mother , '' lelaine said , more softly . 
 `` what of sheriam 's ... other claim ? '' 
 `` that one of the forsaken is in the white tower , impersonating an aes sedai ? '' 
 egwene said . 
 sheriam claimed she 'd given the ter ` angreal to this ... person . 
 lelaine and romanda walked silently , both staring forward , as if speculation were too daunting . 
 `` yes , i suspect that she is right , '' egwene said . 
 `` they infiltrated not only our camp , but the aristocracies of andor , illian and tear . 
 why not the white tower as well ? '' 
 she did n't add that verin 's book confirmed the presence of one of the forsaken . 
 it seemed best to keep the extent of verin 's notes secret . 
 `` i would n't worry about it too much , '' egwene said . 
 `` with the assault on the tower , and our return , it seems likely that the forsaken-whoever she is-will find it prudent to slip away and find an easier target for her scheming . '' 
 lelaine and romanda did n't seem comforted by that comment . 
 the three of them reached the edge of the aes sedai camp , where mounts awaited them , as well as a large group of soldiers and one sitter from each of the ajahs , other than the blue and red . 
 there was n't a blue because lelaine was the only one remaining in camp ; the reason there was n't a red was obvious . 
 this was part of why egwene had chosen to wear red , a subtle hint that all ajahs should be represented in the action they were about to take . 
 it was for the good of all . 
 as egwene mounted , she noticed that gawyn was following her , again , at a respectful distance . 
 where had he come from ? 
 they had n't spoken since the early morning . 
 as she mounted , so did he , and as she turned to ride out of camp with lelaine , romanda , the sitters and the soldiers , gawyn followed at a safe distance . 
 egwene was n't certain what to do with him yet . 
 the army camp was mostly deserted . 
 tents sat empty , ground trampled by feet and hoofs , hardly any soldiers remaining behind . 
 egwene embraced the source soon after leaving their camp , and she held to it , ready with weaves should someone attack her during the ride . 
 she still did n't trust that elaida would n't use a gateway to interfere with the assault . 
 true , the false amyrlin probably had her hands full with the aftermath of the seanchan attack . 
 but expectations like that one-assuming that she was safe-were what had gotten egwene captured in the first place . 
 she was amyrlin . 
 she could n't risk herself . 
 it was frustrating , but she knew that an end had come to her days of solitary action , striking out as she saw fit . 
 she could have been killed , rather than captured , all those weeks ago . 
 the salidar rebellion would have floundered , and elaida would have continued as amyrlin . 
 so it was that her force rode up to the battle lines outside the village of darein . 
 the white tower still smoldered , a wide field of smoke trailing up in a ring from the center of the island , shrouding the white spire . 
 even from a distance , the scars of the seanchan attack were evident on the building . 
 blackened holes , like spots of corruption on an otherwise healthy apple . 
 the tower almost seemed to groan as she looked at it . 
 it had stood for so long , had seen so much . 
 now it had been wounded so deeply that it still bled a day later . 
 and yet it stood . 
 light bless them , it stood . 
 it rose high , wounded but sound , pointing toward a sun hidden by clouds above . 
 it stood defiant of those who would break it , within and without . 
 bryne and siuan waited for egwene at the back of the army . 
 a disparate couple they were . 
 the battle-hardened general , with temples of gray and a face like an unyielding piece of armor . 
 strong , made of lines . 
 and beside him siuan , the diminutive woman in pale blue , her face lovely , looking young enough to be bryne 's granddaughter , for all the fact that they were near the same age . 
 siuan made a horseback curtsy as egwene approached , and bryne saluted . 
 his eyes were still troubled . 
 he seemed ashamed of his part in the rescue , though egwene bore him no grievance . 
 he was a man of honor . 
 if he had been bullied into coming along to protect foolhardy siuan and gawyn , then bryne was to be commended for keeping them alive . 
 as egwene joined them , she noted that siuan and bryne were riding close together . 
 had siuan finally admitted her attraction to the man ? 
 and ... there was a certain familiar grace to bryne now . 
 it was slight enough that she could have just been seeing things , but coupled with the relationship between the two ... . 
 `` you 've taken another warder , at last ? '' 
 egwene asked siuan . 
 the woman narrowed her eyes . 
 `` aye , '' she said . 
 bryne did seem surprised , and a tad ashamed . 
 `` do your best to keep her out of trouble , general , '' egwene said , staring siuan in the eyes . 
 `` she has been in quite a bit of it lately . 
 i have half a mind to give her to you to use as a foot soldier . 
 i believe that the military organization might be good for her , and remind her that sometimes , obedience overrides initiative . '' 
 siuan wilted , glancing away . 
 `` i have n't decided what to do with you yet , siuan , '' egwene said in a softer voice . 
 `` but my anger has been kindled . 
 and my trust has been lost . 
 you will need to soothe the first and stoke the second if you wish to enter my confidence again . '' 
 she turned from siuan to the general , who looked sick . 
 probably from being forced to feel siuan 's shame . 
 `` you are to be commended for your bravery , letting her bond you , general , '' egwene said , turning to bryne . 
 `` i realize that keeping her from trouble is a nearly impossible charge , but i have confidence in you . '' 
 the general relaxed . 
 `` i shall do my best , mother , '' he said . 
 then he turned his horse , glancing along the rows of soldiers . 
 `` there is something you should see . 
 if you will ? '' 
 she nodded , turning her horse and riding beside him down the roadway . 
 the village was cobbled here , the population evacuated , the main thoroughfare lined with thousands of bryne 's soldiers . 
 siuan accompanied egwene , and gawyn followed . 
 lelaine and romanda stayed with the other sitters at a wave of egwene 's hand . 
 their newfound obedience was proving useful , particularly since they had apparently decided that they would now be trying to outdo one another for egwene 's approval . 
 likely , they were both vying to be her new keeper , now that sheriam was gone . 
 the general led egwene to the front lines , and egwene prepared a weave of air just in case an arrow was shot in her direction . 
 siuan eyed her , but said nothing at the precaution . 
 it should n't have been needed - tower guards would never fire on an aes sedai , not even in a conflict like this one . 
 however , the same could n't be said of warders , and accidents did happen . 
 it would be very convenient for elaida if a stray arrow took her rival in the throat . 
 the cobbles on the roadway gave way to square paving blocks as they passed through darein , and those gave way to marble squares leading into the alindaer bridge , a majestic white construction that spanned the river to tar valon . 
 here was the thing bryne wanted her to see : gathered on the other side of the bridge , bunkered down behind a blockade of stones and large logs , was a force of tower guard , the flame of tar valon on their tabards . 
 and there could n't be more than a thousand of them . 
 bryne 's assault force here was ten thousand strong . 
 `` now , i know it was never numbers that were keeping us from attacking , '' bryne said . 
 `` but the tower guard should be able to field more men than that , particularly with conscriptions out of the city proper . 
 i doubt they 've been spending these months carving pegs by the fire and reminiscing about old times . 
 if chubain has half a mind , he 's been training a new set of recruits . '' 
 `` so where is everyone ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 `` light only knows , mother , '' bryne said , shaking his head . 
 `` we 'll lose some men getting past that force , but not many . 
 it will be a rout . '' 
 `` could the seanchan have really hurt them that much ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , mother , '' bryne said . 
 `` it was bad last night . 
 a lot of fire , a lot of men dead . 
 but i 'd have pegged the cost at hundreds , not thousands . 
 perhaps the tower guard is clearing out rubble and stopping the fires , but i still think they 'd have gathered a larger force when they saw me forming up here . 
 i 've taken a spyglass to those lads over there , and i 've noted more than one set of bleary red eyes . '' 
 egwene sat thoughtfully , glad for the breeze blowing in along the river from downstream . 
 `` you have n't questioned the wisdom of this assault , general . '' 
 `` it 's not my habit to question where i 'm pointed , mother . '' 
 `` and your thoughts on the matter , if asked ? '' 
 `` if asked ? '' 
 byrne said . 
 `` well , attacking makes tactical sense . 
 we 've lost traveling as an edge , and if our enemy can resupply at will and send envoys in and out whenever they want , then what 's the purpose of a siege ? 
 it 's time to either attack or pack up and leave . '' 
 egwene nodded . 
 and yet , she found herself hesitating . 
 that ominous smoke in the sky , the maimed tower , the frightened soldiers without reinforcements . 
 it all seemed to whisper a warning . 
 `` how long can we wait before you absolutely must begin this assault , general ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he frowned , but did n't question her . 
 he glanced at the sky . 
 `` it 's getting late . 
 an hour , perhaps ? 
 after that , it will be too dark . 
 with numbers this favorable , i 'd rather not add the randomness of a night battle to the mix . '' 
 `` we wait , then , for an hour , '' egwene said , settling back on her mount . 
 the others seemed confused , but they said nothing . 
 the amyrlin seat had spoken . 
 what was she waiting for ? 
 what were her instincts telling her ? 
 egwene thought on it as the minutes extended , eventually realizing what had made her pause . 
 once this step had been taken , there was no turning back . 
 the white tower had suffered the previous night ; it was the first time an enemy force had used the one power against it . 
 egwene 's assault would be another first : the first time one group of aes sedai had led troops in battle against another group . 
 there had been fights between factions in the tower before ; clashes between one ajah and another , some turning to bloodshed , like what had happened after siuan 's ousting . 
 the secret histories mentioned such events . 
 but never had the dissension extended beyond the doors of the tower itself . 
 never had aes sedai led troops across those bridges . 
 to do so now would attach the event forever to egwene 's tenure as amyrlin . 
 whatever else she achieved , it would likely be overshadowed by this day . 
 she had hoped to liberate and unite . 
 instead , she would turn to war and subjugation . 
 if it had to be so , then she would give the command . 
 but she wanted to wait until the last possible moment . 
 if that meant a grim hour beneath the overcast sky , horses snorting as they sensed their riders ' tension , then so be it . 
 bryne 's hour came and passed . 
 egwene hesitated for a few minutes longer-as long as she dared . 
 no relief came to the poor soldiers on the other side of the bridge . 
 they just stared out behind their little barricade , resolute . 
 reluctantly , egwene turned to give the command . 
 `` here now . '' 
 bryne leaned forward in his saddle . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 egwene turned back to the bridge . 
 distantly , just barely visible , a procession was coming down the road . 
 had she waited too long ? 
 had the white tower sent reinforcements ? 
 had she cost the lives of her men by her stubborn reluctance ? 
 but no . 
 that group was n't soldiers , but women in skirts . 
 aes sedai ! 
 egwene held up her hand , staying any attacks by her soldiers . 
 the procession rode directly up to the tower guard fortification . 
 a moment later , a woman in a gray dress stepped out in front of the road block , accompanied by a single warder . 
 egwene squinted , trying to make out the woman 's features , and bryne hastily handed her his spyglass . 
 egwene accepted it thankfully , but had already recognized the woman . 
 andaya forae , one of the new sitters to the hall chosen after the split . 
 gray ajah . 
 that implied a willingness to negotiate . 
 the glow of power surrounded the woman , and siuan hissed , causing several nearby soldiers to raise their bows . 
 again egwene held up a hand . 
 `` bryne , '' she said sternly , `` i will not have the first shot fired until i give permission . '' 
 `` stand down , men ! '' 
 bryne bellowed . 
 `` i 'll have your hides if you so much as nock an arrow ! '' 
 the men snapped their bows back down from the ready . 
 the distant woman used a weave egwene could n't make out , and then spoke in a voice that was obviously amplified . 
 `` we would speak with egwene al ` vere , '' andaya said . 
 `` is she in attendance ? '' 
 egwene made her own weave to amplify her voice . 
 `` i am here , andaya . 
 tell the others with you to come out so that i can see them . '' 
 surprisingly , they obeyed the command . 
 nine more women filed out , and egwene studied each one . 
 `` ten sitters , '' she said , handing bryne back his spyglass and releasing her weave so that she could speak without her words being projected . 
 `` two from each ajah except the blue and the red . '' 
 `` that 's promising . '' 
 bryne rubbed his chin . 
 `` well , they could be here to demand my surrender , '' egwene noted . 
 `` all right , '' she said , amplifying her voice with the power again . 
 `` what do you wish of me ? '' 
 `` we have come , '' andaya said . 
 she hesitated . 
 `` we have come to inform you that the hall of the white tower has chosen to raise you to the amyrlin seat . '' 
 siuan gasped in shock , and bryne cursed quietly to himself . 
 several of the soldiers muttered about it being a trap . 
 but egwene just closed her eyes . 
 dared she hope ? 
 she 'd assumed that her unwanted rescue had come too soon . 
 but if she 'd laid enough groundwork before being taken by siuan and gawyn ... . 
 `` what of elaida ? '' 
 egwene demanded , opening her eyes , her voice booming across the expanse . 
 `` have you deposed yet another amyrlin ? '' 
 the other side was silent for a moment . 
 `` they 're conferring . '' 
 bryne had raised his spyglass . 
 andaya spoke a moment later . 
 `` elaida do avriny a roihan , watcher of the seals , the flame of tar valon , the amyrlin seat ... was taken in the raid last night . 
 her whereabouts are unknown . 
 she is presumed dead or otherwise unable to fulfill her duties . '' 
 `` by the light ! '' 
 bryne lowered the glass . 
 `` no more than she deserved , '' siuan muttered . 
 `` no woman deserves that , '' egwene said to siuan and bryne . 
 absently she raised fingers to her neck . 
 `` better she had died . '' 
 bryne said , `` this could be a trap . '' 
 `` i do n't see how , '' siuan said . 
 `` andaya is bound by the oaths . 
 she was n't on your list of black , was she , egwene ? '' 
 egwene shook her head . 
 `` i 'm still hesitant , mother , '' bryne said . 
 egwene restored her weave . 
 `` you will let my army enter ? 
 you will accept the other aes sedai back in fellowship and will reinstate the blue ajah ? '' 
 `` we anticipated these demands , '' andaya said . 
 `` they will be met . '' 
 there was silence , the only sound that of the waters lapping against their banks below . 
 `` then i accept , '' egwene said across the bridge . 
 `` mother , '' siuan said cautiously . 
 `` this might be rash . 
 perhaps you should speak with - '' `` it is not rash , '' egwene released her weave and felt a surge of hope . 
 `` it is what we 've wanted . '' 
 she eyed siuan . 
 `` besides . 
 who are you to lecture me on being rash ? '' 
 siuan looked down . 
 `` general , prepare your men to cross , and bring the sitters at the back forward . 
 send runners back to the aes sedai camp with the news , and make certain your men at the other bridges know to stand down . '' 
 `` yes , mother . '' 
 bryne wheeled his horse about and gave the necessary orders . 
 taking a deep breath , egwene kicked her horse into motion onto the bridge . 
 siuan muttered a fisher 's curse and followed . 
 egwene could hear gawyn 's horse following as well , then a squad of soldiers obeying a curt command from bryne . 
 egwene rode across the waters , hair blowing out behind her , laced with red ribbons . 
 she felt an odd sense of moment-a weight of realization-as she considered what they had all just avoided . 
 it was soon replaced with growing satisfaction and joy . 
 her white mare bucked her head slightly , brushing a silky mane across egwene 's hands . 
 on the other side of the bridge , the sitters waited , solemn . 
 the tower rose just ahead . 
 wounded . 
 bleeding . 
 but it still stood . 
 light , it stood . 
 chapter 46 to be forged again after crossing the bridge to tar valon as a victor , the day nearly became a blur for egwene . 
 she hastened to the white tower , siuan and gawyn barely managing to keep up with her . 
 at the tower , egwene was met by a group of servants ; the sitters themselves were waiting in the hall for egwene . 
 the servants led her to an unadorned , wood-paneled chamber set with a pair of leather-padded chairs . 
 egwene had never been here before ; it appeared to be a kind of waiting room near the hall . 
 it smelled of leather , and a small brazier burned coals in the corner . 
 soon , a short , toadlike brown sister named lairain entered and instructed egwene on the proper way to go about the ceremony . 
 the little curly-haired woman seemed completely indifferent to the importance of the moment , and egwene had never met her before . 
 likely , she was one of the browns who spent her life roaming the back library stacks , and only surfaced once a century or so to recite instructions to prospective amyrlins . 
 egwene listened carefully ; she 'd gone through the ceremony once , but it was very complex . 
 she could still remember her nervousness on that day , months ago , when she 'd been raised in salidar . 
 back then , she 'd still been confused as to what was happening . 
 her ? 
 amyrlin ? 
 that hesitation was gone . 
 she did not really worry about getting the ceremony wrong . 
 it was only a ceremony , and the important decision had already been made . 
 as egwene listened to lairain , she heard siuan arguing outside the doors with one of the sisters , claiming that egwene had already been raised , and that this ceremony was n't needed . 
 egwene quieted lairain with a raised hand and called out to siuan . 
 siuan peeked in the door . 
 `` i was raised by the rebels , siuan , '' egwene said sternly . 
 `` these women deserve the chance to stand for me as well . 
 otherwise , i will never have a claim to their loyalty . 
 the ceremony must be performed again . '' 
 siuan scowled , but nodded . 
 `` very well . '' 
 lairain opened her mouth to continue instructions , but egwene silenced her with another motion , earning a huff . 
 `` what news have you , siuan ? '' 
 `` well , '' siuan said , cracking the door a little wider , `` bryne moved most of his troops across the bridges , and has relieved the tower guard from their positions at the fortifications , sending them in-along with a number of his own squads-to help put out flareups around the city . 
 the seanchan set some homes on fire to cover their retreat as they fled . '' 
 that explained the lack of troops at the barricade-that , along with the knowledge that the hall was busy debating whether or not to raise egwene . 
 they likely did n't realize how close they 'd come to war . 
 `` what do you want to do with the sisters from your camp ? '' 
 siuan asked . 
 `` they 're starting to wonder . '' 
 `` tell them to gather in front of the sunset gate , '' egwene said . 
 `` have them stand in ranks by ajah , with sitters in a line at the front . 
 once i am finished with the ceremony , i will greet them and formally accept their apology for their rebellion and welcome them back into the tower . '' 
 `` accept their apology ? '' 
 siuan asked incredulously . 
 `` they rebelled against the tower , siuan , '' egwene said , looking at her . 
 `` whatever the need of what they did , there is reason for apology . '' 
 `` but you were with them ! '' 
 `` i no longer represent just them , siuan , '' egwene said firmly . 
 `` i represent the tower . 
 the entire tower . 
 and the tower needs to know that the rebels regret the division . 
 they need n't lie and say that they wished they had stayed , but i think it is appropriate for them to express sorrow over the hardships the division caused . 
 i will acquit them , and we can get on with healing . '' 
 `` yes , mother , '' siuan said in resignation . 
 egwene caught sight of tesan standing behind , the woman nodding her taraboner-braided head at egwene 's words . 
 egwene let lairain continue her instructions , then repeated back to her the lines she would have to say and the actions she 'd have to take . 
 when the brown was satisfied , egwene rose , pulled open the door and found that siuan had left to relay her orders . 
 tesan stood in the hallway outside , arms folded , regarding gawyn . 
 he leaned against the wall a short distance away , his hand resting on the pommel of his sheathed sword . 
 `` your warder ? '' 
 tesan asked of egwene . 
 she regarded gawyn , and was forced to confront a whole mess of emotions . 
 anger , affection , passion and regret . 
 what a strange mix . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 she stared gawyn in the eyes . 
 `` what i am going to do next you can not be part of , gawyn . 
 wait here . '' 
 he opened his mouth to object , thought better of it , then stood up stiffly and bowed . 
 that gesture felt even more insolent than an argument would have . 
 egwene sniffed softly-yet loud enough for him to hear-then allowed tesan to lead her to the hall of the tower . 
 the hall : both a place and a group of people . 
 for they were one , just as the amyrlin seat was a person , yet was also the chair in which she sat . 
 she stopped before the doors to the hall , the dark wood inlaid with the silver flame of tar valon , and felt her heart flutter rebelliously . 
 siuan suddenly appeared , with a pair of slippers , gesturing at egwene 's riding boots . 
 of course ; the hall floor was delicately painted . 
 she changed into the slippers ; siuan took her boots away . 
 there was no need to be nervous ! 
 i 've been here before , she thought suddenly . 
 not just in salidar . 
 in my testing . 
 i 've faced this door , confronted the women beyond . 
 in my testing ... a gong suddenly sounded ; it seemed loud enough to shake the entire tower , ringing to warn that an amyrlin was about to be raised . 
 the gong rang again , then again , and those ornate doors swung open . 
 yes , this was a different experience entirely from the one she 'd had back in that humble wooden building where she 'd been raised by the salidar aes sedai . 
 in many ways , her performance in salidar had been but a rehearsal . 
 the doors finished opening , and egwene stifled a gasp . 
 the grand , domed room beyond now had a blasted hole-a gaping emptiness - directly across from the entrance . 
 it looked out at dragonmount . 
 the chamber was n't as damaged as some had been in the seanchan attack ; the rubble was minimal , and the destruction had barely reached past that outer wall . 
 the raised platform still ran around the outside of the room , and the chairs it held were undamaged . 
 eighteen of them , in clusters of three , each painted and cushioned to declare the ajah of its inhabitant . 
 the amyrlin seat stood by the far wall , directly in front of the broken wall , its back to the sprawling landscape beyond and distant drag-onmount . 
 if the seanchan blast had gone a few feet farther inward , the seat would have been destroyed . 
 thank the light , it was unmarred . 
 egwene could faintly smell paint in the air . 
 had they hurriedly had the seat repainted to bear all seven colors again ? 
 if so , they 'd worked quickly . 
 they had n't had time to replace the seats of the blue sitters , however . 
 egwene noted saerin , doesine and yukiri sitting with their respective ajahs . 
 seaine was there as well , regarding egwene with those calculating blue eyes . 
 how much power had these four women wielded in these events ? 
 round-faced suana , of the yellow , was smiling openly in satisfaction as she regarded egwene , and while most of the faces bore the serene , unemotional faces of aes sedai , egwene sensed approval in their postures . 
 or , at least , a lack of hostility . 
 more than just the black ajah hunters had been behind this decision . 
 saerin stood up from her chair in the brown section . 
 `` who comes before the hall of the tower ? '' 
 she asked in a ringing voice . 
 egwene hesitated , still looking over the sitters , their seats arranged around the outer platform , equally spaced . 
 too many of those chairs were empty . 
 there were only two green sitters ; talene had fled weeks ago . 
 the gray were missing evanellein , who had vanished earlier in the day . 
 velina and sedore were gone as well . 
 that did n't bode well ; those two were on verin 's list of black ajah . 
 had they been warned ? 
 did evanellein 's disappearance mean verin had missed her ? 
 there were no red sisters either . 
 with a start , egwene remembered that duhara had left the tower some weeks before-nobody knew why , but some said it had been on a mission for elaida . 
 perhaps she was about black ajah business . 
 the other two red sitters , javindhra and pevara , had vanished mysteriously . 
 that left eleven sitters . 
 not enough to raise an amyrlin by the old laws of the tower-but those had been revised with elaida 's disbanding of the blue . 
 fewer sitters meant fewer women needed to raise an amyrlin , and now only eleven were required . 
 it would have to do . 
 at least each and every sitter currently in the tower knew of this event ; it was n't in secret , like elaida 's raising . 
 and egwene could be reasonably certain no black sitters would stand for her . 
 saerin cleared her throat , glancing at egwene uncertainly , and called again , `` who comes before the hall of the tower ? '' 
 tesan leaned in from the side , as if to hiss the proper response to egwene . 
 egwene , however , cut her off by holding up a hand . 
 there was something egwene had been considering , something audacious . 
 yet it was appropriate . 
 she knew that it was . 
 she could feel that it was . 
 `` the red ajah is in disgrace ? '' 
 she asked quietly of tesan . 
 the white nodded , braided hair brushing the sides of her face . 
 `` the reds , you need n't worry about them , '' she said in her light taraboner accent . 
 `` following elaida 's disappearance , they retreated back to their quarters . 
 the sitters here , they worried that the red would choose new sitters quickly and send them to this proceeding . 
 i believe some ... curt missives from the hall of the tower were enough to cow them . '' 
 `` and silviana brehon ? 
 still imprisoned ? '' 
 `` she is , as far as i know , mother , '' tesan said , slipping for a moment and using the title , though egwene had n't been formally raised by the hall yet . 
 `` do n't worry , leane-she has been freed . 
 we had her escorted out to stand with the other rebels , awaiting your forgiveness . '' 
 egwene nodded thoughtfully . 
 `` have silviana brought here , to the hall of the tower , immediately . '' 
 tesan 's brow wrinkled . 
 `` mother , i do n't think this is the time -- '' `` just do it , '' egwene hissed , then turned to face the hall . 
 `` one who comes obediently , in the light , '' she pronounced in a firm voice . 
 saerin relaxed . 
 `` who comes before the hall of the tower ? '' 
 `` one who comes humbly , in the light , '' egwene responded . 
 she stared at each of the sitters . 
 a firm hand . 
 she would have to be firm . 
 they needed leadership . 
 `` who comes before the hall of the tower ? '' 
 saerin finished . 
 `` one who comes at the summons of the hall , '' egwene said , `` obedient and humble in the light , asking only to accept the will of the hall . '' 
 the ceremony proceeded , each of the sitters stripping to the waist to prove she was a woman . 
 egwene did the same , and barely gave a blush at the thought of gawyn , who had clearly thought she should bring him along to the event . 
 `` who stands for this woman ? '' 
 saerin asked after the sitters had redressed . 
 egwene had to remain stripped to the waist for now , and the cool breeze through the broken wall was chill on her skin . 
 `` and pledges for her , heart for heart , soul for soul , life for life ? '' 
 yukiri , seaine and suana stood quickly . 
 `` i so pledge , '' each of them announced . 
 the first time egwene had experienced this ceremony , she had been in shock . 
 at each step , she 'd been terrified she 'd make an error . 
 worse , she 'd been terrified that it would all turn out to be a ruse or a mistake . 
 that fear was gone . 
 as the ritual questions were asked-as egwene stepped forward three steps and knelt on the smooth floor , repainted by elaida 's order with only six colors spiraling out of the mark of the flame of tar valon-egwene saw through the pomp and looked at the core of what was happening . 
 these women were terrified . 
 as had been the women in salidar . 
 the amyrlin seat was a force of stability , and they reached for it . 
 why had she been chosen ? 
 both times , it seemed the same answer . 
 because she was the only one they could all agree upon . 
 there were smiling faces in this group . 
 but they were the smiles of women who had succeeded in keeping rivals off of the seat . 
 either that , or they were the smiles of women who were relieved that someone was stepping up to take leadership . 
 and , perhaps , there were some who smiled because they were n't the ones who had to take the seat . 
 its recent history had been fraught with danger , dissension , and two dramatic tragedies . 
 originally , in salidar , egwene had thought the women were being idiots . 
 she was more experienced now , and hopefully wiser as well . 
 she could see that they had n't been fools . 
 they 'd been aes sedai-covering their fear by being overly cautious , yet brazen at the same time . 
 choosing someone they would n't mind seeing fall . 
 taking a risk , but not putting themselves in direct danger . 
 these women were doing the same . 
 they covered their fear with smooth faces and acts of control . 
 when the time came for the sitters to stand in her support , egwene was not surprised that all eleven rose to their feet . 
 not a single dissent . 
 there would be no foot washing during this ceremony . 
 no , she was not surprised . 
 they knew that there was no other option , not with an army on their doorstep , not with elaida as good as dead . 
 the aes sedai thing to do was act as if there had never been any argument . 
 the consensus must be reached . 
 saerin looked surprised that nobody had chosen to remain seated , if only to prove that she would not be bullied . 
 in fact , more than one of the sitters seemed surprised , and egwene suspected that they were regretting their decision to stand up so quickly . 
 one could gain some measure of power by being the only person who remained seated , forcing egwene to wash her feet and ask for permission to serve . 
 of course , that also could have singled the woman out , and earned her the dislike of the new amyr-lin . 
 the women slowly took their seats . 
 egwene needed no guidance , and none was offered . 
 she rose and strode across the hall , her slippered feet silent on the painted stone of the flame . 
 a gust of wind blew through the room , ruffling shawls , blowing across egwene 's bare skin . 
 it said something for the strength of the hall that they had chosen to meet here , despite the dizzying view out of the far wall . 
 saerin met egwene at the seat . 
 the olive-skinned altaran began to button egwene 's bodice with careful fingers , then reverently lifted the amyrlin 's stole from the seat . 
 it was the one with all seven colors , recovered from wherever elaida had discarded it . 
 saerin regarded egwene for a moment , hefting the stole , as if judging it . 
 `` are you certain you want to bear this weight , child ? '' 
 saerin asked in a very soft voice . 
 this was not part of the ceremony . 
 `` i bear it already , saerin . '' 
 egwene 's reply was almost a whisper . 
 `` elaida cast it aside when she tried to slice it and divide it as she wished . 
 i took it up and have carried it since . 
 i would bear it to my death . 
 and will . '' 
 saerin nodded . 
 `` i think that might be why you deserve it , '' she said . 
 `` i doubt anything in the histories will compare to the days ahead . 
 i suspect that , in the future , scholars will look back on our days and judge them to be more difficult-more trying of mind , body and soul-than the time of madness or the breaking itself . '' 
 `` then it 's a good thing the world has us , is n't it ? '' 
 egwene asked . 
 saerin hesitated , then nodded . 
 `` i suppose it is at that . '' 
 she raised the stole and set it upon egwene 's shoulders . 
 `` you are raised to the amyrlin seat ! '' 
 she declared , the voices of the other sitters joining in , `` in the glory of the light , that the white tower may endure forever . 
 egwene al ` vere , the watcher of the seals , the flame of tar valon , the amyrlin seatv egwene turned to regard the group of women , then sat down in the chair . 
 she felt as if she had returned home after a very long journey . 
 the world bowed beneath the stress of the dark one 's touch , but it felt a little more right-a little more secure-the moment she took her place . 
 the women arranged themselves before her in order of age , with saerin at the very end . 
 one at a time they curtsied deeply before her , asked her permission to serve , then kissed her great serpent ring and stepped aside . 
 as they did so , egwene noticed that tesan had finally returned . 
 she peeked in to be certain everyone was dressed , then returned a moment later leading a group of four guards with the flame of tar valon burning white on their chests . 
 egwene suppressed a sigh . 
 they 'd brought silviana in chains , it appeared . 
 after kissing her ring , the sitters returned to their chairs . 
 there was some little more to the ceremony , but the important part was through with . 
 egwene was amyrlin , really and truly , at long last . 
 she had waited so long for this moment . 
 now it was time for some surprises . 
 `` release the prisoner 's chains , '' egwene said . 
 reluctantly , the soldiers outside the room did as demanded , the metal clinking . 
 the sitters turned with confused expressions . 
 `` silviana brehon ! '' 
 egwene declared , standing up . 
 `` you may approach the amyrlin seat . '' 
 the soldiers stepped aside and allowed silviana to enter . 
 her red dress had once been fine , but she had not been well treated by elaida 's confinement . 
 her black hair-normally kept in a bun-was instead coarsely braided . 
 her dress was rumpled , the knees dirty . 
 and yet her square face was serene . 
 surprisingly , she knelt before egwene after walking across the room . 
 egwene lowered her hand and let the woman kiss her ring . 
 the sitters watched , confused that egwene had broken the ceremony . 
 `` mother , '' yukiri finally asked . 
 `` is this the best time to be dispensing judgment ? '' 
 egwene withdrew her hand from the kneeling silviana and looked directly at yukiri , then turned her gaze across the waiting sitters . 
 `` you all bear a great deal of shame , '' she said . 
 stiff-faced aes sedai raised eyebrows and opened eyes wider . 
 they seemed angry . 
 they had no right ! 
 their anger was nothing beside hers . 
 `` this , '' egwene said , gesturing toward the broken wall . 
 `` you bear responsibility for this . '' 
 she pointed at silviana , still kneeling . 
 `` you bear responsibility for this . 
 you bear responsibility for the way our sisters regard one another in the halls , and you bear responsibility for letting the tower remain so long in division . 
 many of you bear responsibility for that division on the first place ! 
 `` you are a disgrace . 
 the white tower-the pride of the light , the power for stability and truth since the age of legends-has nearly been shattered because of you . '' 
 eyes bugged out , and a few women choked in shock . 
 `` elaida - '' one began . 
 `` elaida was a madwoman , and you all know it ! '' 
 egwene said sternly , standing tall , staring them down . 
 `` you knew it these last few months as she worked unwittingly to destroy us . 
 light , many of you probably knew it when you raised her in the first place ! 
 `` there have been foolish amyrlins before , but none have come as close to tearing down the entire tower ! 
 you are a check upon the amyr-lin . 
 you are to keep her from doing things like this ! 
 you allowed her to disband an entire ajah ? 
 what were you thinking -rcb- how is it that you allowed the tower to fall so far ? 
 and when the dragon reborn himself walks the land , no less ! 
 `` you should have removed elaida the moment you heard of her disastrous attempt to confine rand al ` thor . 
 you should have removed her when you saw how her bickering and pettiness was turning ajahs against one another . 
 and you should certainly have removed her when she refused to do what was needed to bring the tower together again , whole as one ! '' 
 egwene looked down the lines of sisters , staring at each one in turn , meeting each set of eyes until they looked away . 
 none dared hold her gaze for long . 
 finally , she saw shame begin to peek through their masks . 
 as well it should ! 
 `` none of you would stand up to her , '' egwene spat . 
 `` you dare call yourself the hall of the tower ? 
 you who were cowed ? 
 you who were too frightened to do what was needed ? 
 you who were too caught up in your own squabbles and politicking to see what was needed ? '' 
 egwene looked down at silviana . 
 `` only one woman in this room was willing to stand up for what she knew to be right . 
 only one woman dared defy elaida , and she accepted the price of doing so . 
 and you think i brought this woman here to exact vengeance on her ? 
 are you really so blinded that you think i 'd punish the only person in the entire tower who did anything of decency these last few months ? '' 
 they were all looking down , now . 
 even saerin would n't meet her eyes . 
 silviana looked up at her . 
 `` you did your duty , silviana , '' egwene said . 
 `` and you did it well . 
 rise . '' 
 the woman stood . 
 she looked haggard , eyes puffy from lack of sleep , and egwene suspected she was having trouble standing . 
 had anyone seen to bringing her food or water during the chaos of the last few days ? 
 `` silviana , '' egwene said , `` a new amyrlin has been raised . 
 and , it shames me to say , it was done with subterfuge similar to elaida 's raising . 
 of the seven ajahs , only five were represented . 
 the blue i know would support me , were they here . 
 but the red were not even given a chance to voice their dissent or approval . '' 
 `` there are good reasons for that , mother , '' silviana said . 
 `` that may be true , '' egwene said , `` but it all but ensures that my reign will be marked with tension between myself and the red . 
 they will perceive ill will where there is none , and i will lose the strength of hundreds of women . 
 women that will be sorely needed . '' 
 `` i ... do n't see any way around that , mother , '' silviana said , honestly . 
 `` i do , '' egwene said . 
 `` silviana brehon , i would have you as my keeper of the chronicles . 
 let it not be said that i spurned the red . '' 
 silviana blinked in surprise . 
 there were a few gasps from the sitters , though egwene did not mark whose they were . 
 she stared silviana in the eyes . 
 just a short time ago , this woman had had egwene over the side of the desk , paddling her at elaida 's command . 
 but silviana now knelt ; she had done so without needing an order . 
 she accepted the hall 's authority to raise egwene . 
 did she accept egwene herself ? 
 egwene 's offer would place her on a difficult and dangerous road . 
 the reds might see it as a betrayal . 
 what would silviana 's response be ? 
 egwene blessed the trick that kept her from sweating , otherwise she knew that drops would have been trickling down the sides of her face . 
 `` i would be honored , mother , '' silviana said , kneeling again . 
 `` truly honored . '' 
 egwene let out a breath . 
 her task of reuniting the fractured ajahs would be difficult-but if the reds saw her as an enemy , it would be nearly impossible . 
 with silviana on her side , she would have an envoy to the reds who would not be rejected . 
 hopefully . 
 `` this will be a difficult time for the red ajah , daughter , '' egwene said . 
 `` their nature has always been to capture men who can channel , but reports claim that saidin is cleansed . '' 
 `` there will still be rogue channelers , mother , '' silviana said . 
 `` and men are not to be trusted . '' 
 someday , we will have to move beyond that last sentiment , egwene thought . 
 but for now , it is true enough to let stand . 
 `` i did n't say that your purpose would vanish , only that it would change . 
 i see great things for the red ajah in the future-an expanding of vision , a renewal of duty . 
 i am pleased to have you at my side to help guide them . '' 
 egwene looked up at the sitters , who were watching in stunned silence . 
 `` i 'd order you all to do penance , '' egwene said , `` save for the fact that i know some of you , at least , were working behind the scenes to stop the crumbling of the white tower . 
 you did n't do enough , but you did something . 
 beyond that , i think that the penance we often demand of ourselves is ridiculous . 
 what is physical pain to aes sedai ? '' 
 egwene took a deep breath . 
 `` and i am not guiltless either . 
 i share some of your shame , for it was during my tenure that these disasters occurred . 
 i sided with the rebels , allowed myself to be raised by them because it was the only choice . 
 but that choice still gives me culpability . 
 `` bear your shame , sitters , but bear it with determination . 
 do not let it break you . 
 the time for healing has begun , and there is no longer any use in pointing fingers . 
 you failed . 
 but you are all that we have . 
 we are all that the world has . '' 
 the women began to look up . 
 `` come , '' egwene said , striding through the room , silviana smoothly falling into step beside her . 
 `` let us greet the rebels . '' 
 they passed through the hallways of the tower , which still smelled of smoke and were strewn with rubble in places . 
 egwene tried not to look at the bloodstains . 
 the sitters followed behind , clustering in ajah groups , despite egwene 's recent chastisement . 
 there would still be a lot of work to heal them . 
 `` mother , '' silviana said quietly as they walked , `` i can only assume that you had a keeper already , among the rebels . 
 do you intend to maintain two of us ? '' 
 her tense voice revealed what she thought of such an unconventional arrangement . 
 `` no , '' egwene said . 
 `` my previous keeper was executed for being of the black ajah . '' 
 silviana paled . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` we ca n't dance around these things , silviana , '' egwene said . 
 `` i received a very important visitor just before my ... rescue . 
 she was of the black , and betrayed to me the names of other black sisters . 
 i have confirmed each of those who were among the rebel aes sedai through use of the oath rod . '' 
 `` the oath rod ? '' 
 silviana exclaimed . 
 `` yes , '' egwene said as they entered a stairwell . 
 `` i was given it last night by an ally in the tower . 
 though , it occurs to me that we 'll have to move the room with the ter ` angreal . 
 and keep the location secret and constantly warded . 
 it wo n't be long before every sister with sufficient power knows the weave for traveling , and i would n't put it past many of them-including those i trust-to ` borrow ' angreal now and again . '' 
 `` yes , mother , '' silviana said . 
 then , in a quieter voice . 
 `` i 'm going to have to get used to a lot of things changing , i suspect . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid so , '' egwene said . 
 `` not the least of which will be the need to choose a proper mistress of novices , one who can deal with hundreds of new initiates-many of whom are not of the standard age . 
 i 've already begun the process of accepting for training any woman , no matter how old , who shows some measure of ability with channeling . 
 i suspect that before long , the white tower will be bursting at the seams with novices . '' 
 `` i shall consider suggestions for a replacement quickly then , mother , '' silviana said . 
 egwene nodded in approval . 
 romanda and lelaine would undoubtedly be livid when they discovered what egwene had done in choosing silviana , but the more she considered it , the more satisfied egwene was . 
 not just because silviana was red , but because she was so capable . 
 saerin would have been a fair choice , but many would have seen her as being egwene 's guide , and perhaps the real power behind the seat . 
 picking a blue would have been too divisive for the current state of the tower . 
 and besides , with an amyrlin who was one of the rebels-nobody would soon forget that , no matter what egwene said or did-it would go a long way toward healing relations to have a keeper who had been a loyalist . 
 before long , they reached the tower 's great square , on the east side of the building . 
 the square was filled-as per her orders-by women in ranks by ajah . 
 egwene had chosen this position because of the tall steps leading up to the tower , topped by a spacious landing . 
 she stood there , back to the majestically carved doors . 
 it was a perfect location from which to address a crowd . 
 it was also situated between the wings , which had taken the worst damage during the attack the previous night . 
 the east wing still smoldered ; the dome had collapsed ; one of the walls had fallen in . 
 however , from this vantage , the tower itself was relatively free of scars , and neither of the gaping holes was directly visible . 
 egwene could see faces lining the lower windows . 
 aes sedai and novices alike watched her . 
 it seemed that in addition to the rebels , egwene had an opportunity to address the majority of the remaining occupants of the tower . 
 she made a weave to enhance her voice . 
 not to booming levels , but enough to let her be heard both from behind and below . 
 `` sisters , '' she said , `` daughters . 
 i have been raised properly to the amyrlin seat . 
 both sides of this conflict have chosen me . 
 both followed the prescribed methods , and both now accept me as their amyrlin . 
 it is time to join together again . 
 `` i will not pretend that our division did not take place . 
 we of the white tower are sometimes too eager to forget those facts we do n't want to acknowledge . 
 this one can not be hidden , not from us who lived it . 
 we were divided . 
 we nearly came to war with one another . 
 we have disgraced ourselves . 
 `` you rebels before me have done something terrible . 
 you have shattered the tower and raised up a rival amyrlin . 
 for the first time , troops have been marshaled by aes sedai against aes sedai . 
 i led those troops . 
 i know of this shame . 
 `` necessary or not , it is a shame . 
 and so it is that i require your admission of guilt . 
 you must take responsibility for your crimes , even those performed in the name of the greater good . '' 
 she looked down at the aes sedai below . 
 if her action of forcing them into ranks-then making them wait upon her will-hadn ' t made them aware of her attitude , then perhaps her words would . 
 `` you did not come here in glory , '' egwene said to them . 
 `` you did not come here victorious . 
 for there is no victory , and could have been no victory , when sister fought sister and warder died to warder . '' 
 she noted siuan standing near the front of the ranks and met her eyes across the distance . 
 leane was there , too , looking disheveled from her long imprisonment , but standing erect . 
 `` mistakes have been made on both sides , '' egwene said . 
 `` and we will all have to work hard to repair what we have done . 
 it is said by blacksmiths that a sword can never be whole again once it has been shattered . 
 it must be completely reforged , the metal melted down to slag , then reworked and re-formed . 
 `` these next few months will be our re-forming . 
 we have been broken , then torn down nearly to roots . 
 the last battle approaches , and before it arrives , i mean to see that we are once again a sword forged with strength , whole and unbroken ! 
 i will make demands of you . 
 they will be harsh . 
 they will stretch you to the limits of what you think you can bear . 
 i will take these burned holes and fill them ! 
 accommodations will have to be made , for between us there are far too many sitters for the hall , not to mention five too many ajah heads . 
 some of you will have to step down and bow yourselves in humility before those you dislike . 
 `` these days will test you ! 
 i will force you to work with those you saw as enemies just hours ago . 
 you will march alongside those who spurned you , or hurt you , or hated you . 
 `` but we are stronger than our weaknesses . 
 the white tower stands , and we shall stand with it ! 
 we will become one again . 
 we will be an assembly that tales will tell of ! 
 when i am finished with you , it will not be written that the white tower was weak . 
 our divisions will be forgotten in the face of our victories . 
 we will be remembered not as the white tower who turned against itself , but as the white tower who stood strong in the face of the shadow . 
 these days will be legendaryv cheers burst out , mostly from novices and soldiers , as the aes sedai were too reserved for that sort of behavior . 
 generally . 
 some younger ones did call out , caught up in the moment . 
 thankfully , those cheers came from both sides . 
 egwene let them roar for a moment , then raised her arms , quieting them . 
 `` let it go forth across the land ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` let it be spoken of , let it be relied upon , and let it be remembered . 
 the white tower is whole and complete . 
 and no one-man , woman or creation of the shadow - will see us divided again ! '' 
 the cheers were nearly deafening this time , and surprisingly , more aes sedai joined in . 
 egwene lowered her hands . 
 she hoped they would still cheer her in the months to come . 
 there was a great deal of work to be done . 
 chapter 47 the one he lost rand did not return to his rooms immediately . 
 the failed meeting with the borderlanders had left him feeling unhinged . 
 not because of their tricky attempt to pull him into far madding - that was frustrating , but it was not unexpected . 
 people always tried to control and manipulate him . 
 the borderlanders were no different . 
 no , it was something else that had unsettled him , something he could n't quite define . 
 and so he stalked through the stone of tear , two aiel maidens trailing behind him , his presence startling servants and unnerving defenders . 
 the corridors twisted and turned . 
 the walls-where unadorned by tapestry-were the color of wet sand , but they were far stronger than any rock rand knew , alien and strange ; each smooth span a reminder that this place was not natural . 
 rand felt the same way . 
 he had the form of a human . 
 indeed , he had the mannerisms and history of one . 
 but he was a thing that no human -- not even he himself-could understand . 
 a figure of legend , a creation of the one power , as unnatural as a ter ` angreal or a fragment of cuendillar . 
 they dressed him up like a king , just as they dressed these corridors with tas-seled gold and red rugs . 
 just as they hung the walls with those tapestries , each one depicting a famous tairen general . 
 those decorations were intended for beauty , but they were also intended to obscure . 
 the patches of nak * d wall highlighted how alien the place was . 
 rugs and tapestries made it all feel more ... human . 
 just as giving rand a crown and a fine coat allowed them to accept him . 
 kings were supposed to be a little different . 
 never mind his much more alien nature , hidden beneath the crown . 
 never mind his heart of a man long dead , his shoulders created to bear the weight of prophecy , his soul crushed by the needs , wants and hopes of a million people . 
 two hands . 
 one to destroy , the other to save . 
 which had he lost ? 
 it was easy to go astray in the stone . 
 long before the pattern had begun to unravel , these twisting corridors of brown rock had been misleading . 
 they were designed to befuddle attackers . 
 intersections came unexpectedly ; there were few landmarks , and the inner corridors of the keep did n't have windows . 
 the aiel said they had been impressed with how difficult it had been to seize the stone . 
 it had n't been the defenders who had impressed them , but the sheer scope and layout of the monstrous building . 
 fortunately , rand had no particular goal . 
 he simply wanted to walk . 
 he had accepted what he needed to be . 
 why was he so bothered by it , then ? 
 a voice deep down-one not in his head , but in his heart-had begun to disagree with what he did . 
 it was not loud or violent like lews therin 's ; it just whispered , like a forgotten itch . 
 something is wrong . 
 something is wrong ... . 
 no ! 
 he thought . 
 / must be strong . 
 i have finally become what i must be ! 
 he stopped in the corridor , teeth gritted . 
 in his deep coat pocket , he carried the access key . 
 he fingered it , its contours cold and smooth . 
 he did n't dare leave it to the care of a servant , no matter how trusted . 
 hurin , he realized . 
 that 's what is bothering me . 
 seeing hurin . 
 he resumed walking , straightening his back . 
 he had to be strong - or at least appear strong-at all times . 
 hurin was a relic from an earlier life . 
 days when mat had still mocked rand 's coats , days when rand had hoped that he 'd marry egwene and somehow return to the two rivers . 
 he had traveled with hurin and loial , determined to stop fain and get back mat 's dagger , to prove that he was a friend . 
 that had been a much simpler time , although rand had n't known it . 
 he 'd have wondered if anything could grow more complicated than thinking his friends hated him . 
 the colors shifted in his vision . 
 perrin walking through a dark camp , that stone sword looming in the air above him . 
 the vision changed to mat , who was still in that city . 
 it was caemlyn ? 
 why could he be near elayne , when rand had to remain so far away ? 
 he could barely feel her emotions through the bond . 
 he missed her so . 
 once they had stolen kisses from one another in the halls of this very fortress . 
 no , he thought . 
 / am strong . 
 longing was an emotion he must n't feel . 
 nostalgia got him nowhere . 
 he tried to banish both , ducking into a stairwell and moving down the steps , working his body , trying to make his breath come in gasps . 
 do we run from the past , then ? 
 lews therin asked softly . 
 yes . 
 that is well . 
 better to run than to face it . 
 rand 's time with hurin had ended at falme . 
 those days were indistinct in his mind . 
 the changes that had come upon him then-realizing that he had to kill , that he could never return to the life he had loved - were things he could not dwell on . 
 he 'd headed out toward tear , almost delirious , separated from his friends , seeing ishamael in his dreams . 
 that last one was happening again . 
 rand burst out onto one of the lower floors of the keep , breathing deeply . 
 his maidens followed him , not winded . 
 he strode down the hallway and into a massive chamber with rows of pillars , stout and broad , wider than a man could wrap his arms around . 
 the heart of the stone . 
 several defenders came to attention and saluted as rand passed them . 
 he walked to the center of the heart . 
 once , callandor had hung here , glistening with light . 
 the crystal sword was now in cadsuane 's possession . 
 hopefully , she had n't bungled that and lost it as she had the male a ` dam . 
 rand did n't really care . 
 callandor was inferior ; to use it , a man had to subject himself to the will a of woman . 
 besides , it was powerful , but not nearly as powerful as the choedan kal . 
 the access key was a much better tool . 
 rand stroked it quietly , regarding the place where callandor had once hung . 
 this had always bothered him . 
 callandor was the weapon spoken of in the prophecies . 
 the karaethon cycle said that the stone would not fall until callandor was wielded by the dragon reborn . 
 to some scholars , that passage had implied that the sword would never be wielded . 
 but the prophecies did not work that way-they were made to be fulfilled . 
 rand had studied the karaethon prophecy . 
 unfortunately , teasing out its meaning was like trying to untie a hundred yards of tangled rope . 
 with one hand . 
 taking the sword that can not be touched was one of the first major prophecies that he had fulfilled . 
 but was his taking of callandor a meaningless sign , or was it a step ? 
 everyone knew the prophecy , but few asked the question that should have been inevitable . 
 why ? 
 why did rand have to take up the sword ? 
 was it to be used in the last battle ? 
 the sword was inferior as a sa'angreal , and he doubted that it was intended to be used simply as a sword . 
 why did the prophecies not speak of the choedan kal ? 
 he had used those to cleanse the taint . 
 the access key gave rand power well beyond what callandor could provide , and that power came with no strings . 
 the statuette was freedom , but callandor was just another box . 
 yet talk of the choedan kal and their keys was absent from the prophecies . 
 rand found that frustrating , for the prophecies were-in a way-the grandest and most stifling box of them all . 
 he was trapped inside of them . 
 eventually , they would suffocate him . 
 i told them ... lews therin whispered . 
 told them what ? 
 rand demanded . 
 that the plan would not work , lews therin said , voice very soft . 
 that brute force would not contain him . 
 they called my plan brash , but these weapons they created , they were too dangerous . 
 too frightening . 
 no man should hold such power ... rand struggled with the thoughts , the voice , the memories . 
 he could n't recall much at all of lews therin 's plan to seal the dark one 's prison . 
 the choedan kal-had they been built for that purpose ? 
 was that the answer ? 
 had lews therin made the wrong choice ? 
 why , then , was there no mention of them in the prophecies ? 
 rand turned to leave the empty chamber . 
 `` guard this place no more , '' he said to the defenders . 
 `` there is nothing here of worth . 
 i 'm not sure if there ever was . '' 
 the men looked shocked , mortified , like children just chastised by a beloved father . 
 but there was a war coming , and he would n't leave soldiers behind to defend an empty room . 
 rand gritted his teeth and strode into a hallway . 
 callandor . 
 where had cadsuane hidden it ? 
 he knew she 'd taken rooms in the stone , again pushing the limits of his exile . 
 he would have to do something about that . 
 cast her from the stone , perhaps . 
 he hurried up the stone steps , then left the stairwell on a random floor , continuing to move . 
 sitting now would drive him mad . 
 he worked so hard to keep from being tied with strings , but at the end of the day , the prophecies would see that he did what he was supposed to . 
 they were more manipulative , more devious , than any aes sedai . 
 his anger welled up inside him , raging against its constraints . 
 the quiet voice deep within shivered at the tempest . 
 rand leaned his left arm against the wall , bowing his head , teeth gritted . 
 `` i will be strong , '' he whispered . 
 and yet , the anger would not go away . 
 and why should it ? 
 the borderlanders defied him . 
 the seanchan defied him . 
 the aes sedai pretended to obey him , yet dined with cadsuane behind his back and danced at her command . 
 cadsuane defied him most of all . 
 staying right near him , flouting his words of command and twisting his intentions . 
 he pulled out the access key , fingering it . 
 the last battle loomed , and he spent what little time he had riding to meetings with people who insulted him . 
 the dark one was unraveling the pattern more each day , and those sworn to protect the borders were hiding in far madding . 
 he glanced around , breathing deeply . 
 something about this particular hallway seemed familiar . 
 he was n't certain why ; it looked like all of the others . 
 rugs of gold and red . 
 an intersection of hallways ahead . 
 maybe he should n't have let the borderlanders survive their defiance . 
 perhaps he should go back and see that they learned to fear him . 
 but no . 
 he did n't need them . 
 he could leave them for the seanchan . 
 that border-lander army would serve to slow his enemies here in the south . 
 perhaps that would keep the seanchan from his flanks while he dealt with the dark one . 
 but ... was there , perhaps , a way to stop the seanchan for good ? 
 he looked down at the access key . 
 once he had tried to use callandor to fight the foreign invaders . 
 he had n't yet understood why the sword was so difficult to control : only after his disastrous assault had cadsuane explained what she knew about it . 
 rand needed to be in a circle with two women before he could safely wield the sword that was not a sword . 
 that had been his first major failure as a commander . 
 but he had a better tool now . 
 the most powerful tool ever created ; surely no human could hold more of the one power than he had when cleansing saidin . 
 burning graendal and natrin 's barrow away had required only a fraction of what rand could summon . 
 if he turned that against the seanchan , then he could go to the last battle with confidence , no longer worried about what was creeping along behind him . 
 he had given them their chance . 
 several chances . 
 he had warned cadsuane , told her that he 'd bind the daughter of the nine moons to him . 
 one way ... or another . 
 it would not take long . 
 there , lews therin said . 
 we stood there . 
 rand frowned . 
 what was the madman babbling about ? 
 he glanced around . 
 the wide hallway 's floor was tiled in red and black patterns . 
 a few tapestries fluttered on the walls . 
 with shock , rand realized that several of them depicted him , taking the stone , holding callandor , killing trollocs . 
 fighting the seanchan was n't our first failure , lews therin whispered . 
 no , our first failure happened here . 
 in this hallway . 
 exhausted , following the battle with the trollocs and myrddraal . 
 his side throbbing . 
 the stone still ringing with the cries of the wounded . 
 feeling he could do anything . 
 anything . 
 standing above the corpse of a young girl . 
 just a child . 
 callandor glowing in his fingers . 
 the body suddenly jerked . 
 moiraine had stopped him . 
 bringing life to the dead was beyond him , she 'd said . 
 how i wish she was still here , rand thought . 
 he had often been frustrated with her , but she-more than anyone else-had seemed to grasp just what it was he was expected to do . 
 she 'd made him more willing to do it , even when he 'd been angry with her . 
 he turned away . 
 moiraine had been right . 
 he could not bring life to those who were dead . 
 but he was very good at bringing death to those who lived . 
 `` gather your spear-sisters , '' rand called over his shoulder to his aiel guards . 
 `` we are going to battle . '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 one of them asked . 
 `` it is nightfall ! '' 
 rave i been walking that long ? 
 rand thought with surprise . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` the darkness wo n't matter ; i shall create light enough . '' 
 he fingered the access key , feeling a thrill and a horror at the same time . 
 he had driven the seanchan back into the ocean once . 
 he would do so again . 
 alone . 
 yes , he would drive them back-at least , the ones he left alive . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he shouted at the maidens . 
 they left him , loping down the hallway . 
 what had happened to his control ? 
 the ice had grown thin lately . 
 he walked back to the stairway and climbed a few flights up toward his rooms . 
 the seanchan would know his fury . 
 they dared to provoke the dragon reborn ? 
 he offered them peace , and they laughed at him ? 
 he threw open the door to his rooms , silencing the eager defenders on guard outside with a sharply upraised hand . 
 he was not in the mood for their prattle . 
 he stormed inside , and was annoyed to find that the guards had allowed someone inside . 
 an unfamiliar figure stood with his back to rand , looking out the open balcony doors . 
 `` what - '' rand began . 
 the man turned . 
 it was not a stranger . 
 not a stranger at all . 
 it was tam . 
 his father . 
 rand stumbled back . 
 was this an apparition ? 
 some twisted trick of the dark one ? 
 but no , it was tam . 
 there was no mistaking the man 's kindly eyes . 
 though he was a head shorter than rand , tam had always seemed more solid than the world around him . 
 his broad chest and steady legs could not be moved , not because he was strong-rand had met many men of greater strength during his travels . 
 strength was fleeting . 
 tam was real . 
 certain and stable . 
 just looking at him brought comfort . 
 but comfort clashed with who rand had become . 
 his worlds met - the person he had been , the person he had become-like a jet of water on a white-hot stone . 
 one shattering , the other turning to steam . 
 tam stood , hesitant , in the balcony doorway , lit by two flickering lamps on stands in the room . 
 rand understood tarn 's hesitation . 
 they were not blood father and son . 
 rand 's blood father had been janduin , clan chief of the taardad aiel . 
 tam was just the man who had found rand on the slopes of dragonmount . 
 just the man who had raised him . 
 just the man who had taught him everything he knew . 
 just the man rand loved and revered , and always would , no matter what their blood connection . 
 `` rand . '' 
 tarn 's voice was awkward . 
 `` please , '' rand said through his shock . 
 `` please sit . '' 
 tam nodded . 
 he closed the balcony doors , then walked forward and took one of the chairs . 
 rand sat , too . 
 they stared across the room at one another . 
 the stone walls were bare ; rand preferred them unornamented with tapestries or paintings . 
 the rug was yellow and red , and so large it reached to all four walls . 
 the room felt too perfect . 
 a vase of freshly cut dara lilies and calima blossoms sat there , right where it should . 
 chairs in the center , arranged too correctly . 
 the room did n't look lived m. like so many places he stayed , it was n't home . 
 he had n't truly had a home since he 'd left the two rivers . 
 tam sat in one chair , rand in another . 
 rand realized he still had the access key in his hand , so he set it on the sun-patterned rug before him . 
 tam glanced at rand 's stump , but said nothing . 
 he clenched his hands together , probably wishing he had something to work on . 
 tam was always more comfortable talking about uncomfortable things when he had something to do with his hands , whether it be checking the straps on a harness or shearing a sheep . 
 light , rand thought , feeling a sudden urge to enfold tam in a hug . 
 familiarity and memories flooded back into his mind . 
 tam delivering brandy to the winespring inn for bel tine . 
 the pleasure tam took in his pipe . 
 his patience and his kindness . 
 his unexpected heron-mark sword . 
 i know him so well . 
 and yet i 've rarely thought of him recently . 
 `` how ... '' rand said . 
 `` tam , how did you get here ? 
 how did you find me ? '' 
 tam chuckled quietly . 
 `` you 've been sending nonstop messengers to all the great cities these last few days , telling them to marshal their armies for war . 
 i think a man would have to be blind , deaf and drunk not to know where to find you . '' 
 `` but my messengers have n't gone to the two rivers ! '' 
 `` i was n't in the two rivers , '' tam said . 
 `` some of us have been fighting alongside perrin . '' 
 of course , rand thought . 
 nynaeve must have contacted perrin-the colors swirled-she was so worried about him and mat . 
 it would have been easy for tam to come back with her . 
 was rand really having this conversation ? 
 he had given up on returning to the two rivers , on ever seeing his father again . 
 it felt so good , despite the awkwardness . 
 tarn 's face held more lines than it had before , and the few determined streaks of black in his hair had finally given in and gone silver , but he was the same . 
 so many people had changed around rand-mat , perrin , egwene , nynaeve-it was a wonder to meet someone from his old life who was the same . 
 tam , the man who had taught rand to seek the void . 
 tam was a rock that seemed to him stronger than the stone itself . 
 rand 's mood darkened slightly . 
 `` wait . 
 perrin has been using two rivers folk ? '' 
 tam nodded . 
 `` he needed us . 
 that boy 's put on a balancing act to impress any menagerie performer . 
 what with the seanchan and the prophet 's men , not to mention the whitecloaks and the queen -- '' `` the queen ? '' 
 rand said . 
 `` aye , '' tam said . 
 `` though she says she 's not queen anymore . 
 elayne 's mother . '' 
 `` she lives , then ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` she does , little thanks to the whitecloaks , '' tam said with distaste . 
 `` has she seen elayne ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` you mentioned whitecloaks - how did he run into whitecloaks ? '' 
 tarn began to answer , but rand held up a hand . 
 `` no . 
 wait . 
 i can get a report from perrin when i wish it . 
 i will not have our time together spent with you acting the messenger . '' 
 tarn smiled faintly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rand asked . 
 `` ah , son , '' he said , shaking his head , broad hardworking hands clasped before him , `` they 've really done it . 
 they 've gone and made a king out of you . 
 what happened to the gangly boy , so wide-eyed at bel tine ? 
 where 's the uncertain lad i raised all those years ? '' 
 `` he 's dead , '' rand said immediately . 
 tam nodded slowly . 
 `` i can see that . 
 you ... must know then ... . 
 about . 
 ... '' `` that you 're not my father ? '' 
 rand guessed . 
 tam nodded , looking down . 
 `` i 've known since the day i left emond 's field , '' rand replied . 
 `` you spoke of it in your fever dreams . 
 i refused to believe it for a time , but i was eventually persuaded . '' 
 `` yes , '' tam said . 
 `` i can see how . 
 i. ... '' he gripped his hands together tightly . 
 `` i never meant to lie to you , son . 
 or , well , i guess i should n't call you that , should i ? '' 
 you can call me son , rand thought . 
 you are my father . 
 no matter what some may say . 
 but he could n't force the words out . 
 the dragon reborn could n't have a father . 
 a father would be a weakness to be exploited , even more than a woman like min . 
 lovers were expected . 
 but the dragon reborn had to be a figure of myth , a creature nearly as large as the pattern itself . 
 he had difficulty getting people to obey as it was . 
 what would it do if it were known that he kept his father nearby ? 
 if it were known that the dragon reborn relied upon the strength of a shepherd ? 
 the quiet voice in his heart was screaming . 
 `` you did well , tam , '' rand found himself saying . 
 `` by keeping the truth from me , you likely saved my life . 
 if people had known that i was a foundling , and discovered near dragonmount no less-well , word would have spread . 
 i might very well have been assassinated as a child . '' 
 `` oh , '' tam said . 
 `` well , then , i 'm glad i did it . '' 
 rand picked up the access key-it too brought him comfort-then stood . 
 tam hastily joined him , acting more and more like just another retainer or servant . 
 `` you have done a great service , tam al ` thor , '' rand said . 
 `` by protecting and raising me , you have ushered in a new age . 
 the world owes you a debt . 
 i will see that you are cared for the rest of your life . '' 
 `` i appreciate that , my lord , '' tam said . 
 `` but it is n't necessary . 
 i have what i need . '' 
 was he hiding a grin ? 
 perhaps it had been a pompous speech . 
 the room felt stifling , and rand turned , crossing the fine rug and throwing open the balcony doors again . 
 the sun had indeed set , and darkness had fallen on the city . 
 a crisp ocean breeze blew across him as he stepped out to the balcony railing , into the night . 
 tam stepped up beside him . 
 `` i 'm afraid i lost your sword , '' rand found himself saying . 
 it felt foolish . 
 `` that 's all right , '' tam said . 
 `` i do n't know that i ever deserved the thing anyway . '' 
 `` were you really a blademaster ? '' 
 tam nodded . 
 `` i suppose . 
 i killed a man who was one , did it in front of witnesses , but i 've never forgiven myself for it . 
 though it needed doing . '' 
 `` the ones that need to be done often seem the ones that we least like to have to do . '' 
 `` that 's the truth if i 've ever heard it , '' tam said , sighing softly , leaning on the balcony railing . 
 lit windows were beginning to shine in the darkness below . 
 `` it 's so strange . 
 my boy , the dragon reborn . 
 all of those stories i heard when traveling the world , i 'm part of them . '' 
 `` think how it feels for me , '' rand said . 
 tam chuckled . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i suppose you understand exactly what i mean , do n't you ? 
 funny , is n't it ? '' 
 `` funny ? '' 
 rand shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 not , that . 
 my life is n't my own . 
 i 'm a puppet for the pattern and the prophecies , made to dance for the world before having my strings cut . '' 
 tam frowned . 
 `` that 's not true , son . 
 er , my lord . '' 
 `` i ca n't see it any other way . '' 
 tam crossed his arms on the smooth stone railing . 
 `` i guess i can understand . 
 i remember some of those emotions myself , during the days when i was a soldier . 
 you know that i fought against tear ? 
 you 'd think i would have painful memories , coming here . 
 but one enemy often comes to seem like another . 
 i do n't bear any grudges . '' 
 rand rested the access key on the railing , but held it tightly . 
 he did not lean down ; he remained straight-backed . 
 `` a soldier does n't have a lot of choices for his own destiny either , '' tarn said , tapping softly on the railing with an idle ringer . 
 `` more important men make all the decisions . 
 men , well , i guess men like you . '' 
 `` but my choices are made for me by the pattern itself , '' rand said . 
 `` i have less freedom than the soldiers . 
 you could have run , deserted . 
 or at least gotten out by legal means . '' 
 `` and you ca n't run ? '' 
 tarn asked . 
 `` i do n't think the pattern would let me , '' rand said . 
 `` what i do is too important . 
 it would just force me back in line . 
 it has done so a dozen times already . '' 
 `` and would you really want to run ? '' 
 tam asked . 
 rand did n't reply . 
 `` i could have left those wars . 
 but , at the same time , i could n't have . 
 not without betraying who i was . 
 i think it 's the same for you . 
 does it matter if you can run , when you know that you 're not going to ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to die at the end of this , '' rand said . 
 `` and i have no choice . '' 
 tam stood up straight , frowning . 
 in an instant , rand felt that he was twelve years old again . 
 `` i wo n't have talk like that , '' tam said . 
 `` even if you 're the dragon reborn , i wo n't listen to it . 
 you always have a choice . 
 maybe you ca n't pick where you are forced to go , but you still have a choice . '' 
 `` but how ? '' 
 tam laid a hand on rand 's shoulder . 
 `` the choice is n't always about what you do , son , but why you do it . 
 when i was a soldier , there were some men who fought simply for the money . 
 there were others who fought for loyalty-loyalty to their comrades , or to the crown , or to whatever . 
 the soldier who dies for money and the soldier who dies for loyalty are both dead , but there 's a difference between them . 
 one death meant something . 
 the other did n't . 
 `` i do n't know if it 's true that you 'll need to die for this all to play out . 
 but we both know you are n't going to run from it . 
 changed though you are , i can see that some things are the same . 
 so i wo n't stand any whining on the subject . '' 
 `` i was n't whining - '' rand began . 
 `` i know , '' tam said . 
 `` kings do n't whine , they deliberate . '' 
 he seemed to be quoting someone , though rand had no idea who . 
 oddly , tam gave a brief chuckle . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' tam continued . 
 `` rand , i think you can survive this . 
 i ca n't imagine that the pattern wo n't give you some peace , considering the service you 're doing for us all . 
 but you 're a soldier going to war , and the first thing a soldier learns is that you might die . 
 you may not be able to choose the duties you 're given . 
 but you can choose why you fulfill them . 
 why do you go to battle , rand ? '' 
 `` because i must . '' 
 `` that 's not good enough , '' tarn said . 
 `` to the crows with that woman ! 
 i wish she 'd come to me sooner . 
 if i 'd known - '' `` what woman ? '' 
 `` cadsuane sedai , '' tam said . 
 `` she brought me here , said that i needed to talk to you . 
 i 'd stayed away , previously , because i thought the last thing you needed was your father stomping across your field ! '' 
 tam continued , but rand stopped listening . 
 cadsuane . 
 tam had come because of cadsuane . 
 it was n't because tam had noticed nynaeve and taken the opportunity . 
 not because he 'd just wanted to check on his son . 
 but because he 'd been manipulated into coming . 
 would the woman never leave rand alone ! 
 his emotions seeing tam were so strong that they had worn away the ice . 
 too much affection was like too much hatred . 
 either one made him feel , which was something he could not risk . 
 but he had . 
 and suddenly , feeling nearly overcame him . 
 he shuddered , turning away from tam . 
 had their conversation all been another one of cadsuane 's games ? 
 what was tarn 's part in it ? 
 `` rand ? '' 
 tam asked . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have brought up the aes sedai . 
 she said you might be angry if i mentioned her . '' 
 `` what else did she say ? '' 
 rand demanded , spinning back toward tam . 
 the stout man took a hesitant step backward . 
 night air blew around them , lights from the city dots below . 
 `` well , '' tam said , `` she told me that i should talk about your youth , remind you of better times . 
 she thought - '' `` she manipulates me ! '' 
 rand said softly , meeting tarn 's eyes . 
 `` and she manipulates you . 
 everyone ties their strings to me ! '' 
 the rage boiled inside . 
 he tried to shove it back , but it was so difficult . 
 where was the ice , the quiet ? 
 desperately , rand sought the void . 
 he tried pouring all of his emotions into the flame of a candle , as tam had taught so long ago . 
 saidin was waiting there . 
 without thought , rand seized it , and in doing so was overwhelmed with those emotions he thought he 'd abandoned . 
 the void shattered , but somehow saidin remained , struggling against him . 
 he screamed as the nausea hit him , and he threw his anger against it in defiance . 
 `` rand , '' tam said , frowning . 
 `` you should know better than - '' `` be silent / '' rand bellowed , throwing tam to the floor with a flow of air . 
 rand wrestled with his rage on one side and saidin on the other . 
 they threatened to crush him between them . 
 this was why he needed to be strong . 
 could n't they see ? 
 how could a man laugh when confronted by forces like these ? 
 `` i am the dragon reborn ! '' 
 rand roared at saidin , at tam , at cadsuane , at the creator himself . 
 `` i will not be your pawn ! '' 
 he pointed at tam with the access key . 
 his father lay on the stone floor of the balcony . 
 `` you come from cadsuane , pretending to show me affection . 
 but you unwind another of her strings to tie about my throat ! 
 can i not be free of you all ? '' 
 he had lost control . 
 but he did n't care . 
 they wanted him to feel . 
 he would feel , then ! 
 they wanted him to laugh ? 
 he would laugh as they burned ! 
 screaming at them all , he wove threads of air and fire . 
 lews therin howled in his head , saidin tried to destroy both of them , and the quiet voice inside rand 's heart vanished . 
 a prick of light grew in front of rand , sprouting from the center of the access key . 
 the weaves for balefire spun before him , and the access key grew brighter as he drew in more power . 
 by that light , rand saw his father 's face , looking up at him . 
 terrified . 
 what am i doing ? 
 rand began to shake , the balefire unraveling before he had time to loose it . 
 he stumbled backward in horror . 
 what am i doing ? 
 rand thought again . 
 no more than i 've done before , lews therin whispered . 
 tam continued to stare at him , face shadowed by the night . 
 oh , light , rand thought with terror , shock and rage . 
 / am doing it again . 
 i am a monster . 
 still holding tenuously to saidin , rand wove a gateway to ebou dar , then ducked through , fleeing from the horror in tarn 's eyes . 
 chapter 48 reading the commentary min sat in cadsuane 's small room , waiting-with the others - to hear the result of rand 's meeting with his father . 
 a low fire burned in the fireplace and lamps at each corner of the room lent light to the women , who worked at various busying activities - embroidery , darning , and knitting-to keep their minds off of the wait . 
 min was past regretting her decision to make an alliance with cadsuane . 
 regret had come early , during the first few days when cadsuane had kept min close , asking after every viewing she had had about rand . 
 the woman was meticulous as a brown , writing down each vision and answer . 
 it was like being in the white tower , again ! 
 min was n't certain why nynaeve 's submission to cadsuane had given the woman license to interrogate min , but that was how cadsuane seemed to interpret it . 
 mix that with min 's discomfort around rand lately and her own desire to figure out just what cadsuane and the wise ones were planning , and she seemed to spend practically all of her time in the woman 's presence . 
 yes , regret had come and gone . 
 min had moved on to resignation , tinged with a hint of frustration . 
 cadsuane knew quite a bit about the material min was studying in her books , but the woman doled out her knowledge like cloudberry jam , a little reward for good behavior , always hinting that there was more to come . 
 that kept min from fleeing . 
 she had to find the answers . 
 rand needed them . 
 with that thought in mind , min leaned back on her cushioned bench and reopened her current book , a work by sajius that was simply titled commentary on the dragon . 
 one line in it teased at her , a sentence mostly ignored by those who had written commentary . 
 he shall hold a blade of light in his hands , and the three shall be one . 
 the commentators felt it was too vague compared with other passages , like rand taking the stone or rand 's blood being spilled on the rocks of shayol ghul . 
 she tried not to think about that last one . 
 the important thing was that many of the prophecies-with a little consideration and thought - generally made sense . 
 even the lines about rand being marked by the dragons and the herons made sense , looking at it now . 
 but what of this line ? 
 a blade of light almost certainly meant callandw . 
 but what of the `` three shall be one '' ? 
 some few scholars claimed that `` the three '' were three great cities-tear , illian and caemlyn . 
 or , if one happened to be a scholar from cairhien , then they were said to be tear , illian and cairhien . 
 the problem was that rand had united far more than three cities . 
 he 'd conquered bandar eban as well , not to mention the fact that he would need to bring the borderlanders to his banner . 
 but he was ruler-or near to it-in three kingdoms . 
 he 'd given up andor , but cairhien , illian and tear were directly beneath his control , even if he personally wore only one crown . 
 maybe this passage did mean what the scholars said , and min was chasing nothing . 
 were her studies as useless as the protection she 'd thought to offer rand ? 
 min , she told herself , self-pity will get you nowhere . 
 all she could do was study , think and hope . 
 `` this is wrong , '' she found herself saying out loud . 
 she heard beldeine 's softly derisive snort from across the room . 
 min looked up , frowning . 
 the women who had sworn to rand-erian , nesune , sarene and beldeine-had found themselves less welcome in his presence as he had grown less trusting of aes sedai . 
 the only one he regularly allowed to see him was nynaeve . 
 it was n't odd , then , that the others had found their way to cadsuane 's `` camp . '' 
 and what of min 's own relationship with rand ? 
 she was still welcome in his presence ; that had n't changed . 
 but there was something wrong , something off . 
 he put up walls when she was near-not to keep her out , but to keep the real him in . 
 as if he was afraid of what the real him would do , or could do , to those he loved ... . 
 he 's in pain again , she thought , feeling him through the bond . 
 such anger . 
 what was going on ? 
 she felt a spike of fear , but shoved it down . 
 she had to trust in cadsuane 's plan . 
 it was a good one . 
 corele and merise-almost constant attendants of cadsuane these days-continued their embroidery in matching chairs by the hearth . 
 cadsuane had suggested the work to them to keep their hands busy while they waited . 
 it seemed the ancient aes sedai rarely did anything without intending to teach someone a lesson . 
 of the aes sedai sworn to rand , only beldeine was there at the moment . 
 cadsuane sat near min , perusing her own book . 
 nynaeve walked back and forth , up and down , occasionally tugging on her braid . 
 nobody spoke of the tension in the room . 
 what were rand and tarn discussing ? 
 would rand 's father be able to turn him ? 
 the chamber was cramped . 
 with three chairs on the rug beside the hearth , a bench along the wall , and nynaeve crossing back and forth before the door like a spotted hound , there was barely room to move . 
 the smooth stone walls made the place feel like a box , and there was only one window , open to the night air , behind cadsuane . 
 light shone from the coals in the hearth and the lamps . 
 the warders were speaking in low tones in the adjoining room . 
 yes , it was cramped , but considering her banishment , cadsuane was lucky to have rooms in the stone at all . 
 min sighed and turned back to commentary on the dragon . 
 that same phrase popped out at her again . 
 he shall hold a blade of light in his hands , and the three shall be one . 
 what did it mean ? 
 `` cadsuane , '' min said , holding up the book . 
 `` i think the interpretation of this phrase is wrong . '' 
 again , beldeine let out a small-almost imperceptible-sniff of disdain . 
 `` you have something to say , beldeine ? '' 
 cadsuane asked , not looking up from her own book , a history called the proper taming of power . 
 `` not in so many words , cadsuane sedai , '' beldeine replied lightly . 
 the green had a face that some might have called pretty , bearing traces of her saldaean heritage . 
 young enough to not yet have the ageless face , she often seemed to try too hard to prove herself . 
 `` you obviously thought something when min spoke , beldeine , '' cadsuane replied , turning a page . 
 `` out with it . '' 
 beldeine flushed slightly-one noticed these things , if one spent a lot of time with aes sedai . 
 they did have emotional reactions , they were just subtle . 
 unless , of course , the aes sedai in question was nynaeve . 
 although she 'd grown better at controlling her emotions , she ... well , she was still nynaeve . 
 beldeine said , `` i simply think that the child is amusing in the way she pokes through those tomes , as if she were a scholar . '' 
 min would have taken that as a challenge from most people , but from beldeine , the words were matter-of-fact . 
 cadsuane turned another page . 
 `` i see . 
 min , what was it you were saying to me ? '' 
 `` nothing important , cadsuane sedai . '' 
 `` i did n't ask if it was important , girl , '' cadsuane said briskly . 
 `` i asked you to repeat yourself . 
 out with it . '' 
 min sighed . 
 nobody could humiliate one more soundly than an aes sedai , for they did it without malice . 
 moiraine had explained it to min once in simple terms : most aes sedai felt it was important to establish control when there was no great conflict , so that if a crisis did happen , people would know where to look . 
 it was very frustrating . 
 `` i said , '' min repeated , `` that a passage is wrong . 
 i 'm reading commentary on the karaethon cycle . 
 sajius claims that this line about the three becoming one speaks of the unification of three kingdoms beneath the dragon 's banner . 
 but i think he 's wrong . '' 
 `` and why , '' cadsuane said , `` is it that you think you know more than a respected scholar of the prophecies ? '' 
 `` because , '' min said , bristling , `` the theory does n't make sense . 
 rand only really holds one crown . 
 there might have been a good argument here if he had n't given away tear to darlin . 
 but the theory does n't hold any longer . 
 i think the passage refers to some way he has to use callandor . '' 
 `` i see , '' cadsuane said , turning yet another page in her own book . 
 `` that is a very unconventional interpretation . '' 
 beldeine smiled thinly , turning back to her embroidery . 
 `` of course , '' cadsuane added , `` you are quite right . '' 
 min looked up . 
 `` it was that very passage that led me to investigate callandor '' cadsuane continued . 
 `` through a great deal of searching i discovered that the sword could only be used properly in a circle of three . 
 that is likely the ultimate meaning of the passage . '' 
 `` but that would imply that rand had to use callandor in a circle sometime , '' min said , looking at the passage again . 
 he 'd never done so , as far as she knew . 
 `` it would , '' cadsuane said . 
 min felt a sudden thrill . 
 a hint , perhaps . 
 something that rand did n't know , that might help him ! 
 except ... cadsuane had already known it . 
 so min had n't discovered anything of real import after all . 
 `` i should think , '' cadsuane said , `` that an acknowledgment is due . 
 bad manners are not to be tolerated , after all . '' 
 beldeine looked up from her needlework , face dark . 
 then , unexpectedly , she stood and left the room . 
 her warder , the youthful asha ` man soldier karldin , followed quickly from the side chamber , crossing the room with the aes sedai and following beldeine out into the hallway outside . 
 cadsuane gave a sniff , then turned back to her book . 
 the door closed , and nynaeve eyed min before returning to her pacing . 
 min could read a lot in that glance . 
 nynaeve was annoyed that nobody else seemed nervous . 
 she was frustrated that they had n't found some way to listen in on rand and tarn 's conversation . 
 and she was obviously terrified for lan . 
 min understood . 
 she felt similarly about rand . 
 and ... what was that vision that was suddenly hovering above nynaeve 's head ? 
 she was kneeling over someone 's corpse in a posture of grief . 
 the viewing was gone a moment later . 
 min shook her head . 
 that had n't been a viewing she could interpret , so she let it pass . 
 she could n't waste her time trying to unravel all of those . 
 for instance , the black knife that spun around beldeine 's head recently could mean anything . 
 she focused on the book . 
 so ... rand was to use callandor as part of a circle , then ? 
 the three becoming one ? 
 but for what reason and with whom ? 
 if he was to fight the dark one , then it did n't make sense for him to be in a circle with someone else in control , did it ? 
 `` cadsuane , '' she said . 
 `` this is still wrong . 
 there 's more here . 
 something we have n't discovered . '' 
 `` about callandor -rcb- '' the woman asked . 
 min nodded . 
 `` i suspect so as well , '' cadsuane replied . 
 how odd to hear her being frank ! 
 `` but i have n't been able to determine what . 
 if only that fool boy would revoke my exile , we could get on with more important - '' the door to cadsuanes room slammed open , causing merise to jump in shock . 
 nynaeve hopped back from the door-it had nearly hit her . 
 standing in the doorway was a very angry tarn al ` thor . 
 he glared at cadsuane . 
 `` what have you done to him ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 cadsuane lowered her book . 
 `` i have done nothing to the boy , other than to encourage him toward civility . 
 something , it seems , other members of the family could learn as well . '' 
 `` watch your tongue , aes sedai , '' tarn snarled . 
 `` have you seen him ? 
 the entire room seemed to grow darker when he entered . 
 and that face - i 've seen more emotion in the eyes of a corpse ! 
 what has happened to my son ? '' 
 `` i take it , '' cadsuane said , `` that the reunion did not go as hoped ? '' 
 tam took a deep breath , and the anger seemed to suddenly flow out of him . 
 he was still firm , his eyes displeased , but the rage was gone . 
 min had seen rand take control of himself that quickly , before things had started to go wrong in bandar eban . 
 `` he tried to kill me , '' tam said in a level voice . 
 `` my own son . 
 once he was as gentle and faithful a lad as a father could hope for . 
 tonight , he channeled the one power and turned it against me . '' 
 min raised her hand to her mouth , feeling a panicked terror . 
 the words brought back memories of rand looming over her , trying to kill her . 
 but that had n't been him ! 
 it had been semirhage . 
 had n't it ? 
 oh , rand , she thought , understanding the pain she 'd felt through the bond . 
 what have you done ? 
 `` interesting , '' cadsuane said , her voice cold . 
 `` and did you speak the words i prepared for you ? '' 
 `` i began to , '' tam said , `` but i realized that it was n't working . 
 he would n't open up to me , and well he should n't . 
 a man using an aes sedai script with his own son ! 
 i do n't know what you did to him , woman , but i recognize hatred when i see it . 
 you have a lot to explain to - '' tam cut off as he was suddenly lifted into the air by unseen hands . 
 `` you recall , perhaps , what i said about civility , boy ? '' 
 cadsuane asked . 
 `` cadsuane ! '' 
 nynaeve said . 
 `` you do n't need to - '' `` it 's all right , wisdom , '' tam said . 
 he looked at cadsuane . 
 min had seen her treat others like this , including rand . 
 he had always grown frustrated , and others she did it to were prone to bellowing . 
 tam stared her in the eyes . 
 `` i 've known men who , when challenged , always turn to their fists for answers . 
 i 've never liked aes sedai ; i was happy to be rid of them when i returned to my farm . 
 a bully is a bully , whether she uses the strength of her arm or other means . '' 
 cadsuane snorted , but the words had irked her , for she set tam down . 
 `` now , '' nynaeve said , as if she 'd been the one to defuse the exchange , `` perhaps we can get back to what is important . 
 tam al ` thor , i 'd have expected you of all people to handle this better . 
 did n't we warn you that rand had grown unstable ? '' 
 `` unstable ? '' 
 tam asked . 
 `` nynaeve , that boy is right near insane . 
 what has happened to him ? 
 i understand what battle can do to a man , but ... . '' 
 `` this is irrelevant , '' cadsuane said . 
 `` you realize , child , that might have been our last opportunity to save your son ? '' 
 `` if you 'd explained to me how he regarded you , '' tam said , `` it might have gone differently . 
 burn me ! 
 this is what i get for listening to aes sedai . '' 
 `` this is what you get for being wool-headed and ignoring what you are told ! '' 
 nynaeve interjected . 
 `` this is what we all get , '' min said , `` for assuming we can make him do what we want . '' 
 the room fell still . 
 and suddenly min realized that through their bond , she could feel rand . 
 distant , to the west . 
 `` he 's gone , '' she whispered . 
 `` yes , '' tam said , sighing . 
 `` he opened one of those gateways right on the balcony . 
 left me alive , though i could have sworn-looking in his eyes-that he meant to kill me . 
 i 've seen that look in the eyes of men before , and one of the two of us always ended up bleeding on the floor . '' 
 `` what happened , then ? '' 
 nynaeve asked . 
 `` he ... seemed to be distracted by something , suddenly , '' tam said . 
 `` he took that little statue and dashed through the gateway . '' 
 cadsuane raised an eyebrow . 
 `` and did you see , by chance , where that gateway took him ? '' 
 west , min thought . 
 far to the west . 
 `` i 'm not certain , '' tam admitted . 
 `` it was dark , though i thought ... . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 nynaeve prodded . 
 `` ebou dar , '' min said , surprising them all . 
 `` he 's gone to destroy the seanchan . 
 just as he told the maidens he would . '' 
 `` i do n't know about that last part , '' tam said . 
 `` but it did look like ebou dar . '' 
 `` light preserve us , '' corele whispered . 
 chapter 49 just another man rand walked , stump shoved in the pocket of his coat , head down , carrying the access key securely wrapped in white linen and looped to his belt at his side . 
 nobody paid attention to him . 
 he was just another man walking the streets of ebou dar . 
 nothing special , despite the fact that he was taller than most . 
 he had reddish gold hair , maybe suggesting some aiel blood . 
 but a lot of strange people had fled to the city recently to seek seanchan protection . 
 what was one more ? 
 as long as a person was n't able to channel , he or she could find stability here . 
 safety . 
 that bothered him . 
 they were his enemies . 
 they were conquerors . 
 he felt their lands should n't be peaceful . 
 they should be terrible , full of suffering because of the tyrannical rule . 
 but it was n't like that at all . 
 not unless you could channel . 
 what the seanchan did with this group of people was horrifying . 
 not all was well beneath this happy surface . 
 and yet , it was shocking to realize how well they treated others . 
 tinkers camped outside the city in large groups . 
 their wagons had not moved for weeks , and it seemed they were forming villages . 
 as rand had moved among them , he 'd heard some of them speak of settling down . 
 others had objected to this , of course . 
 they were the tinkers , the traveling people . 
 how would they find the song if they did not search for it ? 
 it was as much a part of them as the way of the leaf . 
 last night , rand had listened to them at one of the campfires . 
 they 'd welcomed him in , fed him , never asking who he was . 
 he 'd kept the dragon on his hand hidden and the access key carefully tucked in his coat pocket , looking at that fire burning down to coals . 
 he had n't ever been to ebou dar itself ; he 'd only visited the hills to the north , where he 'd fought the seanchan while wielding callandor . 
 that had been a place of failure . 
 now he had returned to altara . 
 but for what ? 
 in the morning , when the gates to the city had opened , he made his way inside with the others who had arrived at night . 
 the tinkers had taken them all in ; apparently , they were receiving a ration of food from the seanchan to house after-hour travelers . 
 that was only one of their many occupations . 
 they mended pots , sewed uniforms and did other odd jobs . 
 for this , they received the protection of rulers for the first time in their long history . 
 he 'd spent long enough with the aiel to pick up some of their disdain for the tinkers . 
 yet that disdain warred with his knowledge that the tuatha'an - in many ways-followed more true , traditional aiel ways . 
 rand could remember what it was like to live as they had . 
 in the visions of rhuidean , he had followed the way of the leaf . 
 he 'd also seen the age of legends . 
 he 'd lived those lives , the lives of others , for a few brief moments . 
 he walked along the packed streets of the muggy city , still in something of a daze . 
 last night , he had traded his fine black coat to a tinker for a common brown cloak , ragged on the bottom and stitched in places . 
 not a tinker cloak , just one that a tinker had sewn up for a man who had never returned to claim it . 
 it made him stand out less , even if it did require him to carry the access key looped to his belt , rather than his deep pocket . 
 the tinker also gave him a walking staff , which rand used as he walked , slouching slightly . 
 height might make him memorable . 
 he wanted to be invisible to these people . 
 he had nearly killed his father . 
 he had n't been forced to by semi-rhage , or by lews therin 's influence . 
 no excuses . 
 no argument . 
 he , rand al ` thor , had tried to kill his own father . 
 he 'd drawn in the power , made the weaves and nearly released them . 
 rand 's rage was gone , replaced by loathing . 
 he 'd wanted to make himself hard . 
 he 'd needed to be hard . 
 but this was where hardness had brought him . 
 lews therin had been able to claim madness for his atrocities . 
 rand had nothing , no place to hide , no refuge from himself . 
 ebou dar . 
 it was a busy , bulging city , split in half by its large river . 
 rand walked the west side , through squares edged with beautiful statues and streets lined with row upon row of white houses , many several stories high . 
 he often passed men fighting with fists or knives , and nobody making any effort to break them apart . 
 even the women wore knives at their necks in jeweled scabbards , hanging above low-cut dresses worn over colorful petticoats . 
 he ignored them all . 
 instead , he thought on the tinkers . 
 tinkers were safe here , but rand 's own father was n't safe in his empire . 
 rand 's friends feared him ; he had seen it in nynaeve 's eyes . 
 the people here were n't afraid . 
 seanchan officers moved through the crowds , wearing those insectlike helms . 
 the people made way for them , but out of respect . 
 when rand heard commoners speaking , they were glad for the stability . 
 they actually praised the seanchan for conquering them ! 
 rand crossed a short , canal-spanning bridge . 
 small boats idled down the waterway , boatmen calling greetings to one another . 
 there did n't seem to be any sense of order to the city layout ; where he expected houses , he found shops , and instead of similar shops clustering together-as was common in most cities-here they were scattered , haphazard . 
 on the other side of the bridge , he passed a tall , white mansion , then a tavern right next to it . 
 a man in a colorful silk vest jostled rand on the street , then offered a lengthy , overly polite apology . 
 rand hurried on , lest the man want to start a duel . 
 this did not seem like an oppressed people . 
 there was no undercurrent of resentment . 
 the seanchan had a much better hold on ebou dar than rand had on bandar eban , and the people here were happy-even prosperous ! 
 of course , altara-as a kingdom-had never been very strong . 
 rand knew from his tutors that the crown 's authority had n't extended much beyond the borders of the city . 
 it was much the same for the other places the seanchan had conquered . 
 tarabon , amadicia , almoth plain . 
 some were more stable than altara , others less , but all would welcome security . 
 rand stopped and leaned against another white building , this one a farrier 's shop . 
 he raised his stump to his head , trying to clear his mind . 
 he did n't want to confront what he had nearly done back in the stone . 
 he did n't want to confront what he bad done : weaving air and shoving tam to the ground , threatening him ; raving . 
 rand could n't focus on that . 
 he had not come to ebou dar to gawk like a farmboy . 
 he had come to destroy his enemies ! 
 they defied him ; they needed to be eliminated . 
 for the good of all nations . 
 but if he drew that much power through the access key , what damage would he cause ? 
 how many lives would he end ? 
 and would he not simply light a beacon for the forsaken , as he had in cleansing saidirii let them come . 
 he straightened up . 
 he could defeat them . 
 it was time to attack . 
 time to burn the seanchan off the land . 
 he set aside his staff and took the key off its strap at his belt , but could not force himself to unwrap it from its linen shroud . 
 he stared at it in his hand for a time , then continued to walk , idly leaving the staff behind . 
 it felt so odd to be just another foreigner . 
 the dragon reborn walked among this people , and they did not know him . 
 to them , rand al ` thor was far off . 
 the last battle was secondary to whether or not they could get their chickens to market , or whether their son would recover from his cough , or whether they would be able to afford that new silk vest they had been wanting . 
 they would not know rand until he destroyed them . 
 it will be a mercy , lews therin whispered . 
 death is always a mercy . 
 the madman did n't sound as crazy as he once had . 
 in fact , his voice had started to sound an awful lot like rand 's own voice . 
 rand stopped atop another bridge , looking over at the city 's massive white-walled palace , home to the seanchan court . 
 it rose four stories high , with rings of gold at the base of its four domes and more gold at the tips of its many spires . 
 the daughter of the nine moons would be found in there . 
 he could give those walls a purity they had never known , a perfection . 
 that would make the building complete , in a way , in the moment before it faded into nothingness . 
 he unwrapped the access key , just another foreigner , standing on the muddy bridge . 
 after destroying the palace , he would have to be quick . 
 he 'd send off bursts of balefire to destroy the ships in the harbor , then use something more mundane to rain fire on the city itself , throw it into a panic . 
 the chaos would delay his enemies ' reaction . 
 after that , he would travel to the garrisons at the city gates and destroy them . 
 he vaguely remembered scout reports of supply camps to the north , well stocked with both soldiers and foodstuffs . 
 he would destroy them next . 
 from there , he 'd need to move on to amador , then to tanchico and others . 
 he 'd travel quickly , never remaining in one place long enough to be caught by the forsaken . 
 a flickering light of death , like a burning ember , flaring to life here , then there . 
 many would die , but most would be seanchan . 
 invaders . 
 he stared down at the access key . 
 then he seized saidin.the sickness washed across him more powerfully than it ever had before . 
 the force of it knocked him to the ground like a physical blow . 
 he cried out , barely noticing when he hit the stones . 
 he groaned , gripping the access key , curling around it . 
 his insides seemed to burn , and he turned his head , rolling onto his shoulder and vomiting onto the bridge . 
 but he held on to saidin . 
 he needed the power . 
 the succulent , beautiful power . 
 even the stench of his own vomit seemed more real to him , more sweet , for the power within him . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 people were gathered around him , concerned . 
 a seanchan patrol was approaching . 
 now was the time . 
 he had to strike . 
 but he could not . 
 the people looked so concerned . 
 so worried . 
 they cared . 
 screaming in frustration , rand made a gateway , causing the people to jump back in shock . 
 he stumbled to his feet and threw himself through , scrabbling on all fours , as the seanchan soldiers drew swords and yelled unfamiliar words . 
 rand landed on a large stone disc of black and white , the air around him a void of darkness . 
 the portal closed behind , locking ebou dar away , and the disc began to move . 
 it floated through the void , lit by some strange ambient light . 
 rand curled up on the disc , cradling the access key , breathing deeply . 
 why ca n't i be strong enough ? 
 he did n't know if the thought was his or if it was lews therin 's . 
 the two were the same . 
 why ca n't i do what i must ? 
 the disc traveled for a short time , the only sound in the void that of his breathing . 
 the disc looked like one of the seals to the dark one 's prison , split with a sinuous line dividing the black from the white . 
 rand lay directly atop it . 
 they called the black half the dragon 's fang . 
 to the people , it symbolized evil . 
 destruction . 
 but rand was necessary destruction . 
 why had the pattern pushed him so hard if he did n't need to destroy ? 
 originally , he had tried to avoid killing-but there had been little chance of that working . 
 then he 'd made himself avoid killing women . 
 that had proven impossible . 
 he was destruction . 
 he just had to accept that . 
 someone had to be hard enough to do what was necessary , did n't they ? 
 a gateway opened , and he stumbled to his feet , clutching the access key . 
 he stepped from the skimming platform and out onto an empty meadow . 
 the place where he 'd fought the seanchan once with callandor . 
 and failed . 
 he stared at this place for a long time , breathing in and out , then spun another gateway . 
 this one opened onto a field of snow , and icy wind blasted at him . 
 he stepped through , feet crunching into the snow , and let the gateway close . 
 here , the world spread before him . 
 why have we come here ? 
 rand thought . 
 because , rand replied . 
 because we made this . 
 this is where we died . 
 he stood on the very point of dragonmount , the lone peak that had erupted where lews therin had killed himself three thousand years before . 
 to one side , he could see down hundreds of feet to where the side of the mountain opened into a blasted-out chasm . 
 the opening was enormous , larger than it looked from profile . 
 a wide oval of red , blazing , churning rock . 
 it was as if a chunk of the mountain were simply missing , torn away , leaving the peak to rise into the air but the entire side of the mountain gone . 
 rand stared down into that seething chasm . 
 it was like the maw of a beast . 
 heat burned from below and flakes of ash twisted into the sky . 
 the dun sky was clouded above him . 
 the ground seemed equally distant , barely visible , like a quilt marked with patterns . 
 here a patch of green that was a forest . 
 there a stitch that was a river . 
 to the east , he saw a small speck in the river , like a floating leaf caught in the tiny current . 
 tar valon . 
 rand sat down , the snow crunching beneath his weight . 
 he set the access key into the bank before him and wove air and fire to keep himself warm . 
 then he rested his elbows on his knees and his head on his hands , staring at the diminutive statue of the man with the globe . 
 to think . 
 chapter 50 veins of gold wind blew around rand as he sat at the top of the world . 
 his weaving of air and fire had melted away the snow around him , exposing a jagged gray-black tip of rock about three paces wide . 
 the peak was like a broken fingernail jutting into the sky , and rand sat atop it . 
 as far as he could tell , it was the very tip of drag-onmount . 
 perhaps the highest point in the world . 
 he sat upon his small outcropping , the access key sitting on the rock in front of him . 
 the air was thin here , and he 'd had trouble breathing until he 'd found a way to weave air so that it compressed slightly around him . 
 like the weave that warmed him , he was n't certain how he 'd done it . 
 he vaguely remembered asmodean trying to teach him a similar weave , and rand had n't been able to get it right . 
 now it came naturally . 
 lews therin 's influence , or his own growing familiarity with the one power ? 
 dragonmount 's broken , open mouth lay several hundred feet beneath him , to the left . 
 the scents of ash and sulphur were pungent , even at this distance . 
 the maw was black with ash and red from molten rock and blazing fires . 
 he still held to the source . 
 he did n't dare let go . 
 this last time he 'd seized it had been the worst he could remember , and he feared that the sickness would overpower him if he tried again . 
 he had been here for hours . 
 and yet he did not feel tired . 
 he stared at the ter ` angreal . 
 thinking . 
 what was he ? 
 what was the dragon reborn ? 
 a symbol ? 
 a sacrifice ? 
 a sword , meant to destroy ? 
 a sheltering hand , meant to protect ? 
 a puppet , playing a part over and over again ? 
 he was angry . 
 angry at the world , angry at the pattern , angry at the creator for leaving humans to fight against the dark one with no direction . 
 what right did any of them have to demand rand 's life of him ? 
 well , rand had offered that life to them . 
 it had taken him a great while to accept his death , but he badma.de his peace . 
 was n't that enough ? 
 did he have to be in pain until the end ? 
 he had thought that if he made himself hard enough , it would take away the pain . 
 if he could n't feel , then he could n't hurt . 
 the wounds in his side pulsed in agony . 
 for a time , he 'd been able to forget them . 
 but the deaths he had caused rubbed his soul raw . 
 that list starting with moiraine . 
 everything had begun to go wrong at her death . 
 before that , he 'd still had hope . 
 before that , he 'd never been put in a box . 
 he understood what would be required of him , and he 'd changed in the ways he thought he needed . 
 those changes were to keep him from being overwhelmed . 
 die to protect people he did n't know ? 
 chosen to save mankind ? 
 chosen to force the kingdoms of the world to unite behind him , destroying those who refused to listen ? 
 chosen to cause the deaths of thousands who fought in his name , to hold those souls upon his shoulders , a weight that must be borne ? 
 what man could do these things and remain sane ? 
 the only way he had seen had been to cut off his emotions , to make himself cuendiliar . 
 but he had failed . 
 he had n't been able to stamp his feelings out . 
 the voice inside had been so small , but it had pricked at him , like a needle making the smallest of holes in his heart . 
 even the smallest of holes would let the blood leak free . 
 those holes would bleed him dry . 
 the quiet voice was gone now . 
 it had vanished when he 'd thrown tarn to the floor and nearly killed him . 
 without that voice , did rand dare continue ? 
 if it was the last remnant of the old rand-the rand who had believed that he knew what was right and what was wrong-then what did its silence mean ? 
 rand picked up the access key and stood up , boots scraping stone . 
 it was midday , though the sun still lay hidden behind the clouds . 
 below , he could see hills and forests , lakes and villages . 
 `` and what if i do n't want the pattern to continue ? '' 
 he bellowed . 
 he stepped forward , right to the edge of the rock , clutching the access key to his chest . 
 `` we live the same lives ! '' 
 he yelled at them . 
 `` over and over and over . 
 we make the same mistakes . 
 kingdoms do the same stupid things . 
 rulers fail their people time and time again . 
 men continue to hurt and hate and die and kill ! '' 
 winds buffeted him , whipping at his brown cloak and his fine tairen trousers . 
 but his words carried , echoing across the broken rocks of drag - onmount . 
 it was cold and crisp , the air new . 
 his weave kept him warm enough to survive , but it did not stop the chill . 
 he had n't wanted it to . 
 `` what if i think it 's all meaningless ? '' 
 he demanded with the loud voice of a king . 
 `` what if i do n't want it to keep turning ? 
 we live our lives by the blood of others ! 
 and those others become forgotten . 
 what good is it if everything we know will fade ? 
 great deeds or great tragedies , neither means anything ! 
 they will become legends , then those legends will be forgotten , then it will all start over again ! '' 
 the access key began to glow in his hands . 
 the clouds above seemed to grow darker . 
 rand 's anger beat in rhythm with his heart , demanding to be set free . 
 `` what if he is right ? '' 
 rand bellowed . 
 `` what if it 's better for this all to end ? 
 what if the light was a lie all along , and this is all just a punishment ? 
 we live again and again , growing feeble , dying , trapped forever . 
 we are to be tortured for all time ! '' 
 power flooded into rand like surging waves filling a new ocean . 
 he came to life , glorying in saidin , not caring that the display must be brilliantly visible to men everywhere who could channel . 
 he felt himself alight with the power , like a sun to the world below . 
 `` none of this matters ! '' 
 he closed his eyes , drawing in more and more power , feeling as he had only twice before . 
 once when he had cleansed saidin . 
 once when he had created this mountain . 
 then he drew in more . 
 he knew that much power would destroy him . 
 he had stopped caring . 
 fury that had been building in him for years finally boiled free , unleashed at long last . 
 he spread his arms out wide , access key in his hand . 
 lews therin had been right to kill himself and create dragonmount . 
 only he had n't gone far enough . 
 rand could remember that day . 
 the smoke , the rumbling , the sharp pains of a healing bringing him back to lucidity as he lay in a broken palace . 
 but those pains had paled compared with the agony of realization . 
 agony from seeing the beautiful walls scarred and broken . 
 from seeing the piles of familiar corpses , tossed to the floor like discarded rags . 
 from seeing hyena a short distance away , her golden hair spread out on the ground around her . 
 he could feel the palace around him shaking from the earth 's own sobs . 
 or was that dragonmount , throbbing from the immense power he had drawn into himself ? 
 he could smell the air thick with blood and soot and death and pain . 
 or was that just the scent of a dying world , spread before him ? 
 the winds began to whip at him , spinning , enormous clouds above twisting upon themselves , like ancient leviathans passing in the profoud black deep . 
 lews therin had made a mistake . 
 he had died , but had left the world alive , wounded , limping forward . 
 he 'd let the wheel of time keep turning , rotating , rotting and bringing him back around again . 
 he could not escape it . 
 not without ending everything . 
 `` why ? '' 
 rand whispered to the twisting winds around him . 
 the power coming to him through the access key was greater than he 'd held when cleansing saidin . 
 perhaps greater than any man had ever held . 
 great enough to unravel the pattern itself and bring final peace . 
 `` why do we have to do this again ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` i have already failed . 
 she is dead by my hand . 
 why must you make me live it again -rcb- '' lightning cracked above , thunder buffeting him . 
 rand closed his eyes , perched above a drop that plummeted thousands of feet downward , in the middle of a tempest of icy wind . 
 through his eyelids , he could sense the blazing light of the access key . 
 the power he held inside dwarfed that light . 
 he was the sun . 
 he was fire . 
 he was life and death . 
 why ? 
 why must they do this over and over ? 
 the world could give him no answers . 
 rand raised his arms high , a conduit of power and energy . 
 an incarnation of death and destruction . 
 he would end it . 
 end it all and let men rest , finally , from their suffering . 
 stop them from having to live over and over again . 
 why ? 
 why had the creator done this to them ? 
 why ? 
 why do we live again ? 
 lews therin asked , suddenly . 
 his voice was crisp and distinct . 
 yes , rand said , pleading . 
 tell me . 
 why ? 
 maybe ... lews therin said , shockingly lucid , not a hint of madness to him . 
 he spoke softly , reverently . 
 why ? 
 could it be ... maybe it 's so that we can have a second chance . 
 rand froze . 
 the winds blew against him , but he could not be moved by them . 
 the power hesitated inside him , like the headsman 's axe , held quivering above the criminal 's neck . 
 you may not have a choice about which duties are given you , tarn 's voice , just a memory , said in his mind . 
 but you can choose why you fulfill them . 
 why , rand ? 
 why do you go to battle ? 
 what is the point ? 
 why ? 
 all was still . 
 even with the tempest , the winds , the crashes of thunder . 
 all was still . 
 why ? 
 rand thought with wonder . 
 because each time we live , we get to love again , that was the answer . 
 it all swept over him , lives lived , mistakes made , love changing everything . 
 he saw the entire world in his mind 's eye , lit by the glow in his hand . 
 he remembered lives , hundreds of them , thousands of them , stretching to infinity . 
 he remembered love , and peace , and joy , and hope . 
 within that moment , suddenly something amazing occurred to him . 
 / / / live again , then she might as well ! 
 that 's why he fought . 
 that 's why he lived again , and that was the answer to tarn 's question . 
 i fight because last time , i failed . 
 i fight because i want to fix what i did wrong . 
 i want to do it right this time . 
 the power within him reached a crescendo , and he turned it upon itself , drove it through the access key . 
 the ter ` angreal was connected to a much greater force , a massive sa'angreal to the south , built to stop the dark one . 
 too powerful , some had said . 
 too powerful ever to use . 
 too frightening . 
 rand used its own power upon it , crushing the distant globe , shattering it as if in the grip of a giant 's hands . 
 the choedan kal exploded . 
 the power winked out . 
 the tempest ended . 
 and rand opened his eyes for the first time in a very long while . 
 he knew-somehow-that he would never again hear lews therin 's voice in his head . 
 for they were not two men , and never had been . 
 he regarded the world beneath him . 
 the clouds above had finally broken , if only just above him . 
 the gloom dispersed , allowing him to see the sun hanging just above . 
 rand looked up at it . 
 then he smiled . 
 finally , he let out a deep-throated laugh , true and pure . 
 it had been far too long . 
 epilogue bathed in light egwene worked by the light of two bronze lamps . 
 they were shaped like women holding their hands into the air , a burst of flame appearing in each set of palms . 
 the calm yellow light reflected on the curves of their hands , arms and faces . 
 were they symbols of the white tower and the flame of tar valon ? 
 or were they instead depictions of an aes sedai , weaving fire ? 
 perhaps they were simply relics of a previous amyrlin 's taste . 
 they sat on either side of her desk . 
 a proper desk , finally , with a proper chair to sit upon . 
 she was inside the amyrlin 's study , purged of any and all references to elaida . 
 that left it bare , the walls empty , the wood paneling unadorned by picture or tapestry , the end tables empty of works of art . 
 even the bookshelves had been emptied , lest something of elaida 's offend egwene . 
 the moment egwene had seen what the others had done , she had ordered all of elaida 's effects gathered and placed under secure lock , guarded by women egwene trusted . 
 hidden among those effects would be clues to elaida 's plans . 
 they might simply be hidden notes slipped between the pages of books , left for further review . 
 or they might be as obscure as connections between the types of books she 'd been reading or the items she 'd had in the desk drawers . 
 but they did n't have elaida herself to question , and there was no telling what schemes of hers would return to bite the white tower at a later date . 
 egwene intended to look over those objects , then interview each and every aes sedai who had been in the tower and determine what clues they hid . 
 for now , she had her hands full . 
 she shook her head , turning over the pages of silviana 's report . 
 the woman was proving to be an effective keeper indeed , far more skilled than sheriam had ever been . 
 the loyalist women respected silviana , and the red ajah seemed to have accepted-at least in part-egwene 's offer of peace in choosing one of their own as her keeper . 
 of course , egwene also had two stiff letters of disapproval-one from romanda and one from lelaine-on the bottom of her stack . 
 the two women had withdrawn their effusive support almost as quickly as they 'd given it . 
 right now , they were arguing over what to do with the damam egwene had captured during the white tower raid , and neither one liked egwene 's plan to train them as aes sedai . 
 romanda and lelaine would trouble her for years yet , it appeared . 
 she set the report aside . 
 it was late afternoon , and light peeked through the slits of the louvered shutters to her balcony . 
 she did n't open them , preferring the quiet dimness . 
 the solitude felt nice . 
 for now , she did n't mind the room 's sparse decorations . 
 true , it reminded her just a little too much of the study of the mistress of novices , but no number of wall hangings would banish her memory of those days , not when silviana herself was egwene 's keeper . 
 that was fine . 
 why would egwene want to banish those days ? 
 they contained some of her most satisfying victories . 
 though she certainly did n't mind being able to sit without cringing . 
 she smiled faintly , scanning the next of silviana 's reports . 
 then she frowned . 
 most of the black ajah in the tower had escaped . 
 this report , written in silviana 's careful , flowing script , told that they had managed to seize some of the blacks in the hours following egwene 's raising , but only the weakest of the lot . 
 the majority of them-some sixty black sisters-had escaped . 
 including one sitter , as egwene had noticed before , whose name had not been on verin 's list . 
 evanellein 's disappearance indicated strongly that she was black . 
 egwene picked up another report , frowning to herself . 
 it was a list of all the women in the white tower , an extensive list several pages long , broken down by ajah . 
 many names had a notation beside them . 
 black , escaped . 
 black , captured . 
 taken by the seanchan . 
 that last group was galling . 
 saerin-acting with foresight-had taken a census following the attack to determine exactly who had been captured . 
 nearly forty initiates-over two dozen of them full aes sedai-snatched in the night and carried off . 
 it was like a story told to children at bedtime , warning of fades or halfmen who stole wicked children . 
 those women would be beaten , confined and turned into nothing more than tools . 
 egwene had to steel herself from reaching up to feel her neck , where the collar had held her . 
 she was n't focusing on that right now , burn it all ! 
 each of the black ajah members on verin 's list had been seen healthy and alive following the seanchan attack . 
 but most had escaped before egwene arrived at the tower to take her seat . 
 velina was gone . 
 so were chai and birlen . 
 and alviarin ; the black hunters had n't managed to get to her in time . 
 what had tipped them off ? 
 unfortunately , it had probably something to do with egwene seizing the black ajah in the rebel camp . 
 she had worried about overplaying her hand . 
 but what else should she have done ? 
 her only hope had been to seize every black in the camp and hope that word did n't spread to the white tower . 
 but it had . 
 she 'd captured the ones who remained , and had them executed . 
 then she 'd resworn every sister in the tower on the oath rod . 
 they had n't liked it , of course . 
 but the knowledge that all of the women in the rebel camp had done it had swayed them . 
 if it had n't , the news that egwene had ordered the execution of her own keeper probably did . 
 it had certainly been a relief when silviana had offered to swear first , in front of the entire hall , to prove herself . 
 egwene had followed by reswearing herself , then told the hall truthfully that she had watched each and every woman in the camp prove that she was n't a darkfriend . 
 they 'd captured three more black sisters who had n't been on verin 's list . 
 only three . 
 what accuracy ! 
 verin had proven herself once again . 
 egwene set aside the report . 
 knowledge of those who had escaped still chewed at her . 
 she had known the names of sixty darkfriends , and they had escaped her grasp . 
 that number reached to eighty if she included those who had escaped from the rebel camp . 
 / will find you , alviarin , egwene thought , tapping the sheet with her finger . 
 / will find you all . 
 you were a rot within the tower itself . 
 the worst kind of rot . 
 i will not let you spread it . 
 she set the sheet aside and picked up another . 
 this one bore only a few names . 
 a list of all the women in the tower who had not been on verin 's list and who had either been taken by the seanchan , or had disappeared following the attack . 
 verin had believed that one of the forsaken , mesaana , was hiding in the tower . 
 sheriam 's confession corroborated this . 
 egwene 's task of reswearing every aes sedai on the rod had revealed no darkfriends of great power . 
 hopefully , the reswearing itself would ease the tension between the ajahs . 
 they could stop worrying if there were blacks in their midst . 
 of course , it could very well weaken the aes sedai by giving proof that the black ajah had indeed existed in the first place . 
 either way , egwene had a problem . 
 she looked over the sheet before her . 
 each woman in the white tower had proven that she was not a darkfriend . 
 each woman on verin 's list was accounted for . 
 she 'd been executed , she 'd been captured , she 'd fled the white tower the day of egwene 's ascension , she 'd been taken by the seanchan or she was out of the tower at the moment-and had been for some time . 
 the sisters had instructions to watch for those . 
 perhaps they 'd been lucky , and the forsaken was one of those women who had been taken by the seanchan . 
 but egwene did n't believe in that kind of luck . 
 one of the forsaken would not be captured so easily . 
 she 'd probably known about the attack in the first place . 
 that left the three names on the list in front of egwene . 
 nalasia mer-han , a brown ; teramina , a green ; and jamilila norsish , a red . 
 all were very weak in the power . 
 and the women on this list had all been in the tower for years . 
 it seemed implausible that mesaana had been impersonating one of them and doing it so well that her subterfuge had n't been noticed . 
 egwene had a feeling . 
 a premonition , perhaps . 
 at the very least , a fear . 
 these three names were the only ones who could have been the forsaken . 
 but none of them fit , not at all . 
 that gave her a chill . 
 was mesaana still hiding in the tower ? 
 if so , she somehow knew how to defeat the oath rod . 
 a soft knock came at her door . 
 it cracked a moment later . 
 `` mother ? '' 
 silviana asked . 
 egwene looked up , raising her eyebrows . 
 `` i thought you might want to see this , '' silviana said , entering , her hair back in its tidy black bun , the red keeper 's stole around her shoulders . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` you should come and see . '' 
 curious , egwene rose . 
 there was no tension to silviana 's voice , so it could n't be anything too dire . 
 the two of them left the study behind , walking around the outside of the building to the hall of the tower . 
 when they reached it , egwene raised an eyebrow . 
 silviana gestured for her to enter . 
 the hall was n't in session , and the chairs sat empty . 
 a scattering of mason 's tools lay on white sheets in the corner , and a group of workers in thick brown overalls and white shirts-sleeves rolled up-were collected in front of the gap in the wall that the seanchan had left . 
 egwene had ordered a rose window fitted into the opening instead of having it sealed up completely , a remembrance for the time the white tower had been attacked . 
 a warning to prevent its happening again . 
 before the window could be installed , however , stonemasons were busy shoring up the sides and creating the fitting . 
 egwene and silviana glided into the room , walking down the short ramp to the floor , which had again been properly painted with the colors of all seven ajahs . 
 the stonemasons saw them , then backed away respectfully , one man pulling off his cap and clutching it to his chest . 
 reaching the edge of the room , just before the opening , egwene finally saw what silviana had brought her to see . 
 after all this time , the clouds had finally broken . 
 they had pulled back in a ring around dragonmount . 
 the sun shone down , radiant , lighting the distant , snowcapped crag . 
 the broken maw and uppermost peak of the blasted mountainside were bathed in light . 
 it was the first time egwene could remember seeing direct sunlight in weeks . 
 perhaps longer . 
 `` some novices noticed it first , mother , '' silviana said , stepping up beside her . 
 `` and news spread quickly . 
 who would have thought that a little ring of sunlight would cause such a stir ? 
 it 's such a simple thing , really . 
 nothing we have n't seen before . 
 but ... . '' 
 there was something beautiful about it . 
 the light streaming down in a column , strong and pure . 
 distant , yet striking . 
 it was like something forgotten , but somehow still familiar , shining forth from a distant memory to bring warmth again . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 silviana asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' egwene said . 
 `` but i welcome the sight of it . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` that opening in the clouds is too even to be natural . 
 mark this day on the calendars , silviana . 
 something has happened . 
 perhaps , eventually , we shall know the truth of it . '' 
 `` yes , mother , '' silviana said , looking out through the gap again . 
 egwene stood with her , rather than returning to her study immediately . 
 it felt relaxing to stare out at that distant light , so welcoming and noble . 
 `` storms will soon come , '' it seemed to say . 
 `` but for now , i am here . '' 
 i am here . 
